BDSM Library - The Client




The Client
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman is targeted for a mystery client by an unscrupulous couple. They kidnap and begin to train her to the clients instructions.
The Client



The two of them enjoyed their work and the lucrative lifestyle it provided for
them. They were perfectly suited to each other, their tastes and
cold-bloodedness in business complemented each other perfectly. The current
assignment was about to reach the most interesting part. The weeks that had
grown into months of watching the young woman had been dull in spots but now it
was all going to pay off. Today was the day they had decided.

They had watched her for months, knew all her habits and even her likes and
dislikes in food and clothing. Outwardly she appeared ordinary but the several
visits they had made to her house in her absence had paid enormous dividends.
Her sober work clothing hid the silk underwear that was folded in neat rows in
the drawers of her dresser. She liked natural fabrics and had a deeply sensual
nature that she kept hidden. Her book collection had been a revelation too. Anne
Rice and De Sade among a formidable collection of non fiction and fiction,
classics and modern.

Her disappearance was going to be complete once the Client confirmed that the
purchase would go ahead. At some time in the future the Client might allow her
to re-establish contact with her friends and family but that did not concern
them; all they had to ensure was that she would suit his purposes and educate
her somewhat as to his expectations. That was the bonus for them. The time they
would have with her before they delivered her to their Client.

They watched as she left the house and walked along the path to her front gate.
She was wearing a long floating cotton dress and sandals, carrying a basket. Not
that heavy briefcase. The basket was a flimsy weapon. Exchanging glances they
smiled with satisfaction. This was going to be so easy. Keeping a discreet
distance, over the months they had kept her under almost constant surveillance
they had changed vehicles and appearance frequently so they were certain she was
not suspicious. In fact they were banking on it, they wanted that delicious fear
when they began her education.

So far, the Client had been impressed by the dossier they had provided him. Her
education and intelligence had intrigued him no less than her physical
attributes. This client was different they sensed, his plans were long term if
it suited him. But they had provided women to clients before without a care for
the woman's eventual fate. As she would be taken out of the country, a
surprisingly easy thing to do with the length of the Australian coastline, they
were certain whatever he ended up doing with her would not rebound on them.
After all young women they had procured had been sent to the Gulf and Japan,
none had ever returned to their knowledge. This girl was just another product to
be supplied, albeit for a large amount of money. Wholly disposable to them.

They watched as she walked along the path and both chuckled as she took the
route across the parklands. It was like taking candy from a baby. Parking the
van they followed her through the park, secure in the knowledge that she would
take her favourite detour. For a second they held their breath as she seemed
undecided and then she took the overgrown path



The capture had been surprisingly easy, her struggles easily overpowered by the
weight of the male half while his companion had silenced her efficiently with a
length of duct tape. Once her cries had been muted they rolled her onto her
front and proceeded to tie her arms behind her securely. A hood was pulled over
her head and was dragged to her feet and then hustled along until they reached
the van parked nearby. Bundled into it and more ropes added to her body and then
driven off.



They had driven around for sometime. Before coming here. Still tied she was on
the floor at their feet. Quietly listening as they discussed their intentions,
her mind whirling at the thought of this unknown man who had 'bought' her. This
was insane. She began to try and find a way loose, pulling at the ropes, kicking
her legs but they were too tight and she only succeeded in exhausting herself.
The hood was pulled away and she saw them clearly for the first time. A man and
a woman. The tape was peeled away and she lay there gasping a little.



The woman spoke first. Walking around her prone body slowly.

"Today you can kiss everything you know goodbye. Whether you are willing or
unwilling makes no difference to us. Our Client does not care, in fact I think
he would like you a little unwilling. When you have proved your abilities to us
you will be sent to him for his personal use," The woman crouched down and
pulled the thin cotton dress, smiling as she heard the fabric rip open. "You
won't be needing this," The man approached with a pair of surgical scissors and
began snipping away the fabric around the ropes. Too shocked to protest, she
watched, as the thin fabric was peeled away leaving her naked and defenceless.
The man smiled down at her and then put his large hands on her breasts.
Squeezing and moulding them in his fingers like you test a piece of fruit.

"Nice," was all he said before bending and licking her skin? "And freshly
showered too,"

"Oh good," the woman said softly, "We can begin immediately." She drew an object
from her pocket and showed it to the helpless woman with a smile. A ring of hard
rubber with straps. Realising its purpose she clamped her mouth shut and stared
at them defiantly. The woman merely laughed and nodded at her companion. His
hands left her breasts and foraged between her thighs and she squirmed as she
felt his hard fingers reaching into her, entering her quickly and forcing her
open with an abruptness that drove the breath from her lungs. Opening her mouth
to gasp she felt the ring being pushed in. Too late she tried to close her mouth
but the ring forced her teeth apart. Her cry of protest and shock reduced to an
animal sound. Now she took the time to look around at where they had brought
her. Her eyes growing very dark as she saw the range of items around the room. A
cage! She gave a moan of terror when she saw the whips arranged on the wall.
Panic causing her to fight the ropes holding her and the fingers invading her.
Her fear grew as the woman approached with cuffs and a collar in her slender
fingers. She fought but between them they were able to accomplish their
intention. The collar felt stiff and restricting and the cuffs were thickly
lined. They worked together very well she realised with some irony. They
released the ropes now they had the cuffs on and her wrists were fastened to a
bar, holding them wide apart. Before she could really register what was
happening they drew the bar above her head and tied it to the base of the large
bed that dominated the room, her ankles were tied to a similar bar and that was
in turn tied to a post several metres away.

They left her for only moments, returning with a number of items. The first
thing was a set of clips, the woman sucked one nipple and the man the other and
then they fastened the clips onto the glistening nubs of flesh. She cried out
and twisted futilely trying to alleviate the shock. Her body shook and bucked
and she cried out at them in anger and fear. They simply smiled.

Apparently her unknown purchaser wanted her tested to see if she met his needs.
The woman returned with a large dildo. Showing it to her with a feline smile and
then reaching down and squeezing her mound.

"He wants to see if you can take this,"

The hand on her mound kept squeezing and massaging, fingers dancing on her
clitoris sending flushes of warmth through her as she lay there helplessly
listening. The man took the chain between the clips on her nipples and lifted.
She gave a heartrending moan as her nipples were stretched, drawing the weight
of her full breasts upwards. Then she felt that incredible object being placed
at the opening of her sex. She tried to draw herself away from it but the manner
in which they had tied her left her completely helpless. Protesting vocally, she
shook all over only to increase the pressure on her nipples, panting helplessly
as she felt the dildo entering her. It was so big and she pleaded with her eyes
and vocally for them to stop. To no avail.



Stretched open by that incredible device she lay there panting, watching as they
conferred. Waiting. They released the rope holding the bar at her ankles and
made her draw her knees up. The woman holding the dildo in place as she did so,
even pushing it a little deeper to make her writhe a little causing her to drag
at the clips holding her nipples. Her words of plea were distorted and muffled
by the ring but the intent in them was clear to her tormentors. They merely
smiled at each other in satisfaction. So far she had fulfilled their intentions
admirably. If she were able to survive these tests she would be very suitable
for the Client.



Her breath sounded rasping to her ears as she tried to find some calm; she could
feel how each inhalation made her breasts move and increased the gripping pinch
on her nipples. How it moved her against the incredible object buried firmly in
her. The pressure was growing familiar, warm. Realising with horror how her own
body was adapting and becoming provoked.



The man came over and looked down at her crouching beside her and running his
fingertips around her lips.

"Her mouth needs to be appraised too," he said softly.

"Oh yes, of course," the woman agreed "She will be well and truly tested before
we finish with her. Then we can arrange delivery."



They were talking of her as if she were a commodity. Something they were free to
buy and sell with impunity. Real fear filled her now, if they were capable of
this, what else could they do? Closing her eyes she tried to blot them out of
her thoughts for a few seconds, anything, some respite from this nightmare. It
wasn't a nightmare, the feelings and sensations were all too real. Their words
pierced the fog and she was returned to brutal reality, she was their prisoner
and as mad as they were. Everything they told her seemed to be happening.

She was going insane.



The man stayed with her while the woman left for a short while. He sat beside
her on the floor and talked to her. Telling her that once she left here she was
going to be sent to this unknown Client, they did not know what he intended for
her but for the large amount of money that they were being paid it did not
concern them.

All the while he kept his hands roaming over her body. Squeezing and forming her
flesh between his strong fingers. Her throaty pleading sounds did not seem to
impinge on him at all, in fact he seemed to go out of his way to cause more. He
grasped the base of the dildo and worked it causing her to thresh and sob,
straining futilely at the bonds entrapping her.



The return of the woman heralded the next step in their evaluation of her. They
explained to her that she could not leave this room until they allowed her to be
removed for delivery to their Client. Even if she was not suitable for their
client they knew they could get a price for her eventually through their network
of associates so even if she tried to fail she was now fated to follow their
design no matter what.

"Now co-operate sweet one," the man said softly. "The Client who wants you
evaluated is very wealthy and I am sure if you please him you will be rewarded
in some way but if we sell you to another source you might end up in some remote
brothel. One of our contacts is always looking for girls for his brothel in
Venezuela, horny miners lining up to use you? Would you prefer that?"

She shook her head, sobbing as she realised they were deadly serious. What
choices they gave her, no they did not give her any choice. She had no choices,
they had removed them as easily as they had her clothes.



They released the rope holding the bar at her wrists allowing her to bring her
wrist to shoulder level before the man tied it to the loop at the back of the
collar. Drawing her to upright unmindful of her whimpers as the dildo in her
shifted as she moved. Then she saw what the woman was wearing and closed her
eyes quickly. Silence. She waited, barely daring to breathe, but neither of them
spoke or laid a finger on her. Slowly she opened her eyes and saw them watching
with satisfaction. The woman knelt beside her and she felt his hands undoing the
strap of the gag. Coughing a little and trying to swallow she watched them
carefully, saying nothing. Begging would do no good so she would remain silent,
maybe that would convince them she would not be suitable.



"Open your mouth slut," the woman ordered brusquely.

Stunned she simply stared at her and was rewarded by a jerk on the chain between
the nipple clips. She wailed and the man grasped her head from behind, holding
her still as his partner brought the large strap on to the her lips.

Under their instructions she kissed and licked it, albeit reluctantly. Then she
was ordered to take it into her mouth. Slowly the woman began moving her hips,
rocking the thing back and forth. Tears of humiliation began to seep past her
tightly closed eyelids. She thought they would never stop, it seemed to go on
and on. To her mortification she felt the developing moisture between her
thighs.



They played with her all day as if she were nothing more than an inanimate
object, investigating her with mouths, fingers and a variety of devices. All of
her responses were carefully monitored and she realised they were recording some
as well. Tied to a bench with her arms stretched at the shoulders she waited in
increasing fear as she felt them smearing something around her asshole. Hands on
her, spreading and opening her. Not only her ass but her sex as well. Something
hard against her, not flesh. Pressing insistently, opening her. She felt how her
body began to shake uncontrollably. The only thing supporting her was the bench
as she felt all strength seeping from her. Pleading with them seemed only to
provoke them to greater torments.

The stretching became unbearable, and she pulled at the bonds and protested
loudly. But they kept going. The woman busy with her front from her position on
the floor. The scream of panic echoed, then relieved sobbing as the intense
pressure eased. They left her sobbing breathlessly and went to compare notes on
what to inform the Client.

Returning to inform her there was one last test. She was gagged again and still
bent with the large object still holding her ass open.

She screamed and thrashed in protest at the snap then the fiery eruption of
pain. Again. And again. They were flogging her. Telling her that the red lines
on her skin were just what the Client wanted to see. On and on they continued.
Until finally, thankfully for her, they halted.



Released from the bench she slid to the floor, sobbing and still gagged.



The woman sat beside her and began to speak

"The Client is sending a jet, you will be flown out in a crate sweet one. All
tied up and gagged. His staff think he is collecting an antique purchase and
wants to avoid Customs Duty. You will be taken to a place he has ready for you
and there you will be kept by him for as long as he wishes. It makes no
difference if you resist, you will simply be forced to do as you are told.

"It is winter there soon and he has told us the place is very remote and you
will not be able to escape. I think you will be a credit to us wont you?"



They prepared her for the journey the following day. She was allowed to shower
under supervision but any attempt at escape was made more difficult by the fact
they had locked a silver chain around her slender throat with a heavy padlock
and the other end was either held firmly by one of them with the ever ready whip
in the other hand or it was fastened to the wall. The previous night they had
showed her videos that the Client had sent, informing her that much of what she
was watching would be duplicated on her. She pleaded and begged them to release
her, then railed and threatened them but that had only led to the solid
thrashing she had received with the riding crop. The welts had darkened over
night and were still very tender. After the punishment they had made her perform
for them, her mouth was utilised and used by them both. Then she had been the
recipient of the large plug again and with her nipples clamped and throbbing had
been forced to orgasm several times.



This had been the hardest to accept. How, even after the torment they had forced
her to endure, she had gained physical pleasure from them. She had broken then,
sobbing heart-rendingly, pleading with them , promising them if they released
her she would not tell. To no avail.



Returning from the shower being led like a reluctant beast she saw the crate on
the trolley and began to shiver and cry. It was happening. The crate was plain
timber. It's resemblance to a coffin was all too obvious and she felt the belly
draining in terror now. What if?



"No please, I'll do anything you want. Oh please." She sobbed helplessly
"Please,"



The woman smiled coldly and jerked on the chain and said

"Beg."



She fell to her knees and begged, tears filling her eyes and falling freely.



"We could keep her for us," the man said softly

"Yes," the woman replied eyeing her "She is a quick learner and I am sure we
could turn her into something special but this particular Client is paying us an
obscene amount of money. She goes,"



They forced her to bend forward in her kneeling position. She sobbed as the cold
lubricant was smeared on her and the plug was imposed upon her again. Then her
wrists were enclosed by the heavy leather cuffs and matching ones were placed
her ankles. The chain was removed and replaced with the wide collar of heavy
leather, heavier and wider than the one she had worn earlier. As they backed her
towards the upright crate she baulked and they forced her into the confined
space with some efforts. Locking her wrists to loops in the wall of the crate.
Kicking she fought and screamed but they were able to subdue her with surprising
efficiency.

She struggled as they used a number of heavy restraining straps in the interior
of the crate to effectively immobilise her. She realised then that the crate was
padded to deaden any noise she might make. Twisting and testing the straps she
threatened them with retribution. Only to see them laughing at her. She subsided
then, and opened her mouth to take the rubber ring, resigned to her fate. They
hung the keys that locked the small locks on the cuffs and collar onto the ring
at the front of the collar and then placed a pair of nipple clamps on her
nipples before closing the crate with the sound proof lid. Darkness enclosed her
and after hearing a few faint thuds she heard nothing until she felt the crate
being moved. Sobbing softly as her nipples and body ached and burned.



The jet took off from the country landing strip and the two looked at each other
with satisfaction then turned and watched until the jet was little more than a
speck in the sky.

"I enjoy a job well done," the woman said kissing her partner "I think she will
suit him admirably,"

"Yes," her husband smiled. "How long do you think he will keep her?"

"That's no longer our concern darling. She belongs to him now," she replied
patting the briefcase that was stuffed with US dollars.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Justine DuCharme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





