BDSM Library - High Security




High Security
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She liked it when her husband played some bondage game with her and she loved to share her experience with her girlfriend.
High Security
	Kathy Olson was waking up. She was somewhere between that semi-
dream state and fully conscious, aware of her husband's moving silently 
around the bedroom and readying himself for the Friday before a three day 
weekend. She rolled over and felt herself drifting back into a sound sleep 
when he bent down and kissed her gently on the lips. This made her smile and 
she opened her eyes enough to see Glen's face near her's and his hand 
reaching out to move a curl of brunette hair away from her eye. "Good 
morning Sweetie, I'm leaving now, have a good day." he whispered. Kathy 
moved her arms out from under the thick green comforter and reached up for 
him. In response he hugged her and their lips met in a much more passionate 
kiss than that short peck he'd given her seconds earlier. "How'd you sleep?" 
he asked when their lips parted. "Like a rock, sex is the greatest sleep aid 
there is, and after the way you did me last night I don't think I moved all 
night." she said as she yawned and stretched. " Yeah, it's amazing what a pair 
of handcuffs and a ballgag will do for a good evening of screwing." he 
offered, looking over at the nightstand to where the things she had worn the 
evening before lay in a pile.
	Kathy grinned up at him and looked up and back at the restraints she 
had played host to for several hours the previous evening. "Does that mean if 
you put those on me now that you'd fuck me again like you did last night?" 
Glen reached over and picked up the handcuffs and waist chain and brought 
them over to the bed. "I'll put them back on you but I've got to go to work, 
you can wear them and pretend that I'm here." he teased. "Ok, lock me up." 
she said holding her hands out to him but still laying on her side with her eyes 
half closed. Glen snapped a cuff closed around her left wrist and she both 
heard and felt it ratchet closed on her. He slid the transport chain under her 
covers and by touch around her slender waist, finding the right size to make it 
before running the elongated loop of steel through a chain link and snapping 
the loose end of the chain encircling her to itself to keep it from dangling. 
Kathy put her hands under the comforter and he had little difficulty passing 
the open cuff through the keeper link then closing it around her right wrist, 
snugging it to match it's mate. He reached over to the nightstand and picked 
up a small ring of keys and with the pin on the end of one of them double 
locked her cuffs then placed the keys back where he had taken them from. 
"There you go Sweetie, you're back in restraints, just like last night and I have 
to leave or I'm going to be late.
	Kathy couldn't reach up to hug him again, her hands were now securely 
linked to the Martin transport chain around her waist and held down as if she 
was a dangerous criminal being transported by the police. Glen kissed her 
again and she made a little whimper as she felt the passion growing between 
them the longer the kiss lasted. She could feel the cuffs around her wrists and 
the combination of her husband's kiss and her restraints started a fire in her 
that would need attention real soon but it wouldn't be him that gave it the 
attention it needed, "Kat, I've got to go, I'll call you later." with that Glen 
stood up and looked back at his beautiful wife as he walked out of their 
bedroom. "I love you." she said to him as he took one last look at her, still 
laying, covered by the green quilted comforter up to her chin. "Love you." 
was his reply as his face disappeared from her view.
	Kathy tugged upwards against her cuffs and the chain around her waist, 
lifting her hands as far as the restraints would allow and as all the times 
before found that by lowering it, she could just reach her face with her finger 
tips as she wiped at some sleep at the corner of her eye. She focused on the 
security system keypad on the wall across from where she lay and listened for 
any sound he made as he left. She twisted the cuff around her right wrist and 
tested it's fit. Like always Glen knew just how tight to put those steel 
bracelets on her so as to keep her from ever hoping to slip out of them but 
loose enough that they didn't cause her any discomfort. She watched the 
keypad intently and saw the indicator LED go from green to red as he 
opened the door leading into the garage. The keypad displayed the green, safe 
condition for a moment then back to red when he touched the button on the 
wall that opened the big double car door. When the house was quiet like it 
was in the mornings and if she listened carefully she could just discern the 
low rumble of the door going up in it's tracks. She laid perfectly still, 
watching the keypad and listening, "There he goes." she said aloud to the 
empty bedroom as she heard the ever so soft thump of the door closing 
against the garage floor and the confirmation of the green indicator coming 
back up on the keypad.
	Kathy rolled onto her back and moved her captive hands under her 
covers, relishing the feel of the steel confining her free movements. The 
handcuffs and chain had by now warmed to her body temperature and 
provided her with their snug, inescapable vigil over her freedom. She loved 
the feel of the cuffs on her wrists and the chain sliding around her torso made 
chills up her back with the memory of those times when he was there to tease, 
torment and pleasure her while she was similarly confined. She pulled at her 
cuffs again and laid, eyes closed and recalled the previous evening when she 
was his prisoner, him pounding away at her and she matching his powerful 
thrusts, grunting and snorting into her gag as he brought them both to orgasm 
several times over the course of the three or four hour session. Kathy rolled 
her head and saw her gag right where he'd put it when he'd finally taken it out 
just before they fell asleep, exhausted and wrapped together on the big bed. 
She made an instinctive move to reach up for the ball and strap, momentarily 
forgetting her cuffs but the action was halted almost before it began which 
brought a satisfied little moan from the captive brunette. She actually wanted 
to put the gag on but that would mean she would have to get up and out of the 
bed to reach it and she was so comfortable. She nullified her immediate desire 
with the memory of what her gag felt like and let her fingers find that part of 
her that needed attention right then.
	Kathy knew her vibrator was in the headboard cabinet but like the 
ballgag would require that she get up from her comfy repose and she had 
herself well on the way to a nice little orgasm without either so she continued 
her quest and kept her fingers busy, listening to the clicking and jingles 
produced by her cuffs and waist chain and making sweet, girl sounds of 
pleasure as the goal she was after moved closer and closer to being reality. 
Finally what she wanted, needed most at that time was rewarded her and she 
squealed her delight at the lovely pulsing throbs that quaked her naked body 
and left her breathing hard and with a light sheen of perspiration covering her 
skin. "Oh boy, that was nice." she told herself as she let the rhythm of her 
fingers slow to a soft, sensual massage of her clit and labia.
	After a few minutes of enjoyment of her afterglow, Kathy rolled her 
head over to see the clock on the nightstand and watched the digital display 
click over to read, eight ten. "Ok, enough play time." she told herself, "It's 
time to get up and going, you've got places to go and people to see." She 
remembered that she and her friend Kerri were supposed to meet for lunch at 
noon and she needed to go to the bank and stop off at the post office before 
then. Reluctantly she kicked back the covers and with a little effort managed 
to get into a siting position on the bed. She glanced down at her cuffs as she 
made her way to the edge and the side rail then threw her legs out and over. 
Their bed was a giant waterbed that sat atop a two-tier underdresser. That put 
the top of the bed rails nearly a full yard off the floor and Kathy knew that 
without the use of her hands to help maneuver herself over the edge she had 
to 'walk' her butt over the ledge to hop down and off the bed. It took some 
effort but in a few moments she was standing on the thick, white carpet and 
she turned to reach down for the ring of keys laying on the nightstand. As she 
picked them up she also saw the gag and just for a moment she wanted to put 
it on then remembered her cuffs and knew that getting her gag off with them 
linked to the waist chain was nearly impossible and that putting the ball in 
and buckling the strap would be even more difficult with her limited reach. 
Abandoning the gag idea she turned and headed for the bathroom and to take 
care of her immediate need of relieving her full bladder. 
	As she walked past the big dresser with it's nearly full length dressing 
mirror, she stopped and examined herself in it's surface. She moved her hands 
and admired the way the shiny links of the chain contrasted with her summer 
tanned skin and the gleaming steel cuffs around her wrists looked big and 
implacable on her small hands. She liked the look of the loop of extra chain 
that drooped down and over her right hip. She looked a little more closely at 
the handcuffs then turned her attention to them instead of their reflected 
image. Somehow the cuffs looked unfamiliar, she turned her hands to more 
closely examine the steel manacles that now adorned her and tried to 
remember if she had ever seen this particular pair before. They actually 
looked not that much different from several of the others they owned with the 
exception of the odd raised blister-like thing on the side of each cuff opposite 
the keyhole. She eyed the keyhole and saw that it looked exactly like most of 
the others with the exception of a couple of foreign cuffs and the old Darby 
Hiatts that used the big screw bolt key. She gave the cuffs a quizzical 
expression then continued on to the bathroom and took a seat on the toilet. As 
she began to do what she came to do she selected one of the keys on the ring 
she had brought with her and started to insert it into the hole in the side of her 
left cuff. To her surprise she discovered that although the hole looked exactly 
like those on the other cuffs the key would not go in. "What the hell?" she 
said quietly as she tried another key, then another with the same results. 
"What's going on here?" she asked the steel locked around her wrists as she 
really took her first good look at them. "Smith & Wesson, M 104." she read 
on the side of the frame of her right cuff. The model number didn't mean 
anything to her but the brand name was familiar. They owned at least three 
other sets of Smith & Wesson handcuffs and she was certain that they all 
used the same key. Even the leg irons and those hinged cuffs that he was so 
fond of seeing her in relied on the same, standard handcuff key to open them. 
"So what the fuck is going on here?" she asked again as she tried the same 
four keys on the ring again but still finding that not one of them would fit in 
the hole on the side of the cuffs now confining her hands to the chain around 
her waist.
	"Glenn, you rat, what have you done?" she said with a half giggle in 
her voice. Kathy finished her task on the commode and reached instinctively 
for the tissue on the roller next to where she sat but that movement like most 
others was stopped short by her cuffs and chain. She had to get up and kneel 
next to the toilet to unroll enough tissue to take care of her needs and when 
she was finished she flushed then hurried out of the bathroom and headed for 
the downstairs to see if he had left the keys that would fit her cuffs on the 
kitchen counter. Upon reaching the kitchen she found only a clean cup sitting 
next to the still hot coffeepot as was his custom when he left the house before 
she came down for her first cup of the day. Kathy looked for but did not find 
anything that even remotely resembled a handcuff key. "Oh shit, that rat. he 
got me in these and now I can't get them off, where did he put the keys?" The 
captive spent the next fifteen minutes looking in all the places she thought he 
might have hidden the keys that would free her but found nothing. She looked 
at the phone and tried to guess whether he would be at his office by now or 
still in his car on the way. It was with some effort but she managed to get the 
phone up to her ear after she had dialed his car phone number. After the 
customary six rings that stupid, recorded female voice came on telling her 
that, "The party you are trying to reach is unavailable, please try your call 
again later." "Oh fuck you." Kathy told the electronic voice and pushed the 
button to disconnect from the line then dialed his office phone only to get 
another automated female telling her that her husband wasn't in his office and 
to leave a message. "Glenn, you're a rat,, call me, I've got plans for the day 
and I can't get out of these cuffs." she said to his voice mail then hung up the 
phone. She made an exasperated noise then went to pour herself a cup of 
coffee.
	Everything Kathy attempted to do was difficult with her restraints 
keeping her hands confined at her waist. She did get her coffee then with 
some twisting and pulling she was able to light her first cigarette and go sit in 
the family room to wait for her husband to call her. As she sat she looked at 
the cuffs around her wrists and tried to remember the last night's events. "I'm 
sure these are the cuffs I wore last night, they were laying right where he put 
them when he took them off before we went to sleep." but as she thought 
about it in-depth, she realized that she couldn't be positive. Glen was up a full 
hour before she awoke this morning and would have had ample time to switch 
the cuffs by the bed. The only thing she was actually positive of was that she 
had worn chain-linked cuffs the night before and not the hinged ones. He 
never put her in hinged cuffs when some athletic sex might be involved, they 
tended to bruise her wrists during any especially playful romps and the chain 
cuffs were much more forgiving of her movements. Just which cuffs she'd 
worn last night she didn't really know and for most of the first part of the 
evening they had been behind her back and she didn't actually remember 
seeing them, at least a good look at them, till this morning, after she was 
locked in them and he was gone.
	Kathy finished her cigarette and took a long sip of coffee before 
leaving the family room and putting her cup back on the counter, walked 
through the kitchen. "There's no use bringing my cup with me, I can't even 
drink from it unless I'm sitting down." she thought as she made her way down 
the basement steps to the playroom where they stored the majority of their 
bondage toys. She didn't really expect to find the keys to her cuffs but she had 
to look just to satisfy her curiosity. She approached the big, stand-up 
wardrobe where the restraints were kept and pulling open the double doors 
she looked at the key rack that contained the keys for all of their lockable 
restraints. The rack was at about her eye level and it was easy to examine the 
keys available for her inspection. To her chagrin the only handcuff keys there 
were the standard ones that fit most of the cuffs they had and the odd-ball 
ones for the foreign cuffs and antiques. 'Shit" she said as she closed the doors 
and stood, looking around the room where they played their games and at the 
wooden leg stocks that she had spent so many hours locked in as his prisoner. 
"At least I'm not sitting in that with my legs locked up and spread, I can at 
least walk around with these on." she said to the room, looking down at the 
steel that held her prisoner.
	Making her way back upstairs she looked at the wall clock in the 
kitchen and realized that she had been handcuffed and alone for well over an 
hour now and Glenn had not returned her call. She got a little worried, "He 
should have been at the office by now, why hasn't he called me?" She dialed 
his number again but the voice mail operator answered and started her speal 
when Kathy hung up not giving the machine a chance to get it's entire 
message out. "God, I hope nothing's happened." she said to herself as she 
twisted her hands in their cuffs and tugged at the chain keeping them confined 
at her waist. She tried to put her worries out of her mind and went back 
upstairs to the bedroom and selected a pair of jeans from her closet. It took 
her some time and some odd movements but she was finally successful at 
getting the tight fitting blue denims up and snapped. "Ok, I've got pants on but 
that's it, I sure as hell can't put a blouse or even a bra on like this." she spoke 
to the mirror as she looked at the image of the helpless girl in it.
	The captive walked out of the bedroom and down the hall to her 
husband's home office. "Sometimes he has a pair of cuffs on his desk, maybe 
he put the keys in here." she said hopefully as she started to explore the room. 
On the desk was an open magazine and as she looked closely she saw it was 
actually a catalog. A police equipment and supply catalog and it was open to 
a page that displayed, of course, restraints. There was one of those small, 
yellow sticky notes attached over one of the adds and she leaned down to 
read his neat printing on it.
	"Kat, these are what you're wearing, good luck getting out of them."
It took her a second but quickly, comprehension flooded over her face as she 
lifted the sticky note and read the paragraph next to the picture of a pair of 
handcuffs exactly like those now locked snuggly around her wrists.
	"Recognizing the need for a high security handcuff, Smith & Wesson 
has introduced the Model 104 cuffs for those special security needs. Utilizing 
the same high quality you expect from S&W with the addition of a new 
design lock that requires a special, non-standard key, the Model 104 fills the 
need of a high security restraint when a standard cuff may not be sufficient. 
These cuffs are nearly impossible to open without the special design key. 
Available in nickel finish or stainless steel for marine environments."
	"Shit, shit, Glenn, I'm going to,,, shit!" she said as she grabbed for the 
phone on his desk. Just as her hand touched the device it rang which caused 
her to jump. "Hello!" she almost yelled into the handset. "Hey, are we having 
fun yet?" Glenn asked.
	"You turd, you put these on me and let me think I could just let myself 
out of them, where are the keys?" "Take it easy Sweetie, I'll tell you if you 
say you love me first." her husband said, a little surprised that she sounded so 
upset. Kathy realized that she was sounding pretty mad when she really 
wasn't, she had been worried that something might have happened but she 
really wasn't upset about being handcuffed. "I'm sorry Honey, I was just a 
little concerned that you didn't call me and I thought something might have 
happened, sorry, and I do love you." her voice had softened considerably as 
she spoke. "So, how do you like your new cuffs?" he asked
	"They're neat, but it was quite a shock when I couldn't get any of our 
keys to work in them, you're really a rat, you know that don't you?" "Yeah, I 
know, but it sure is fun thinking about you, home alone, locked up in those 
cuffs and that transport chain, I should do that more often." he answered with 
merriment in his voice. "So are you ready to get out of your restraints?" " 
Yes, I'm meeting Kerri for lunch and I need to run some errands before 
noon." she told him. " Kerri, huh? Humm, now there's an idea, you said that 
she was curious about our games, why don't I call her and tell her where your 
keys are and she can come over and let you out of your cuffs?" "Glenn,, don't 
you even think about it, I'm not ready to let my best friend see me like this." 
she looked at her cuffed wrists as she held the phone to her ear. She was 
silent for a moment as she recalled the conversation she'd had with Kerri 
about the bondage games she and Glenn played. It was after a couple of 
margaritas and Kerri had asked what they had done on a recent overnight stay 
at a fancy hotel. "Glenn handcuffed and gagged me and fucked my brains 
out." had been her answer, suddenly realizing what she had said and 
immediately sorry for the alcohol induced honesty. Kerri had stared at her for 
a brief second before responding, "Oooo, sounds like fun. I've read about 
those games but I've never tried it. What's it like, giving a guy that much 
control over you?"
	Kathy was embarrassed that she had revealed such an intimate detail of 
her and her husband's private life but she grinned and said, "It's neat, you 
should try it sometime." She steered the conversation away from the games, 
not completely comfortable with Kerri knowing so much, and not sure if it 
could harm their close relationship but as they parted company later that 
evening Kerri had left her with saying, "I want to hear more about those 
handcuffs."
	Kathy thought about that parting remark before answering her 
husband's comment. "I'll tell you what, you tell me where the keys are and if 
the conversation comes up today between Kerri and me, I'll suggest that we 
show her a little of what we do, how's that sound?" It didn't take Glenn long 
to respond, "Ok, the thought of that little blond in some of your restraints 
sounds like fun." he said. "You just want to see her boobs, and you think if 
you get her in cuffs that you might get to." Kathy teased. "Ok, go look in your 
CD holder, your keys are in it. I'll be home around six so I'll see you then, I 
love you." Glen told his wife. "Six, I'll be here and I love you.
	Kathy found the keys to her handcuffs right where Glen had said they 
would be and within a few seconds she was free of her restraints and getting 
dressed to leave the house for the day. She thought a lot about her offer of 
maybe involving Kerri in their games and the more she studied the idea the 
more attractive it sounded. By the time she was getting out of her car at the 
restaurant where she was to meet her friend she was almost sure that it could 
become a reality.
	
                                               TO BE CONTINUED...........




High Security 
                                                  Part II
 
Kathy Olson stepped out of her car in the parking lot of the Mexican 
restaurant where she and her friend Kerri Schafer often met for lunch and 
glanced at the slate grey Jeep Cherokee parked next to her. It's license plate 
read "FA FUN" a reference to Kerri's position on what it means to be a flight 
attendant. Both women flew for airlines and had much in common although 
Kathy was married and her blond friend was still single, they never were at a 
loss for words when they spent time together. Kathy headed towards the 
restaurant door casually tossing her long brunette hair over one shoulder and 
her purse strap over the other as she walked.
	Kerri was seated in a booth at the rear of the smoking section and in a 
position to see her friend when she came in, she smiled and waved as Kathy 
approached. "Hey stranger, I was wondering when you were going to decide 
to come back to the good old United States. So how was your two weeks in 
Europe?" Kathy asked as she swung into the booth across from the perky 
blond who had been a close friend since they flew together for a small 
commuter airline four years earlier. Kerri had just started flying the 
international routes and had not been back on American soil for fifteen days. 
"Well, I always said I wanted to see Europe, but about all I can say is I'm 
glad this is where I live. Europe is great, there's lots to see and do, loads of 
culture and history but for a Nebraska farm girl, give me the old U.S of A. 
anytime."
	Over the next half hour two margaritas and some nachos were 
consumed and the two young women talked about flying, Europe, European 
men and a recent air disaster before Kerri brought up the subject that Kathy 
had inadvertently opened on their last get together three weeks earlier. "You 
were saying something about getting gagged and handcuffed the last time we 
talked and I told you I wanted to hear more, so, are you going to tell me?" 
Keri asked mischievously over her glass rim as she looked across the table at 
her brunette friend then licked at some salt on her lip as she waited for a 
reply.
	Kathy grinned, looked down at her own glass then up at the blond. 
"Why are you so curious about that?" she asked, avoiding Kerri's eyes in an 
apparent display of embarrassment. "Kat, it's not every day I find out that my 
best friend gets handcuffed!" " Ker-ri, God, why don't you just announce it 
to the whole restaurant." Kathy said, more embarrassed than ever at hearing 
her friend say that word much louder than she needed to be heard across the 
table. Kerri giggled, put her hand over her mouth and nearly whispered, 
"Sorry, I just want to know what it's like, to be handcuffed and helpless for a 
guy." she giggled again as she watched Kathy squirm in her seat before 
answering. "It's hard to describe actually, I don't know, I just get turned on by 
being in restraints. Glen introduced me to it back when we were dating and 
we've been doing it since then." she reached in her purse for her cigarettes 
and while she lit one Kerri munched at the platter of nachos and waited for 
her friend to continue. "It's strange, I know, but they're harmless games and 
we always have great sex when I'm his prisoner." Kerri listened then asked 
with more than a casual interest, "So does he whip you or what, I mean what 
does he do after you're tied up." "No, there's no whipping, or pain of any 
kind, people always assume that if a guy ties a girl up the he must want to 
hurt her. That's not what we do, Glen has no desire to hurt me and I'm 
certainly not into pain. We play games, that's all, sometimes we fantasize that 
he's kidnapped me and takes advantage of me while I'm cuffed and helpless. 
We also like to try new positions that he puts me in to see if I can get loose 
but it usually always ends up with us making love." Kathy sipped at the fresh 
margarita that the waiter had just sit down in front of her then asked her 
friend, "Hasn't a guy ever wanted to tie you up, I mean you date a lot of guys, 
this can't be all that unfamiliar to you?"  The blond looked at her, bit lightly at 
her lower lip and grinned as her blue eyes met those of the brunette. "There 
was a guy I dated for awhile, a pilot for United that asked me if I'd ever tried 
anything like what you're saying. I told him that I hadn't and he asked if I'd let 
him tie me up. I was a little nervous about it because I didn't really know him 
that well but we were in a hotel at the airport in Dallas and I thought that he 
wouldn't really do anything too bad with people all around, in the halls and in 
the rooms next to ours,, so I let him." "Kerri, you never told me about that, 
when was this?" her friend asked with interest. "About the time you and I 
met, you might remember him, the big guy with the mustache, drove a red 
Corvette." "Oh yeah, I remember him, he went  to Japan to teach the 767 a 
few years ago, his name was Bret or Brad."  "Brad, that's him, he's the guy 
that tied me up and like you said, fucked my brains out one night in Dallas. 
That was just before he took that teaching job and I haven't seen him since." 
Kathy looked at her friend with renewed interest and had to know, "So how 
did he tie you?" "He used two leather belts, he crossed my arms behind my 
back," she demonstrated, folding her arms together at the center of her back, " 
then put one belt around my wrists then took the other and put it around my 
arms just above my elbows. Let me tell you, I was stuck. I tried like Hell to 
get out of that but I couldn't even loosen anything and he started playing with 
me, kissing me and putting his hands everywhere and it didn't take long 
before I forgot about my arms and just let him take control and do what he 
wanted. I couldn't help so he had to do everything but he was a big guy and 
he didn't have any trouble putting me in any position he wanted. He kept 
those belts on me for about a half hour and during that time he did me good. 
My arms went to sleep with them tied up and folded behind me like that but 
he let me loose when I asked him to and rubbed my arms and back and we 
made love a couple of more times that night but he didn't tie me again. We 
didn't date anymore before he left for Japan but if we had I probably wouldn't 
have protested if he'd wanted to repeat our Dallas episode. So, I guess I do 
have some idea of how it feels, but, handcuffs Kat, that's a little more serious 
than a couple of leather belts." 
	"Not really, you said you couldn't get out of that guy's belts so you 
were just as helpless as I am with handcuffs on, what's the difference?" Kathy 
asked, curious as to how her friend would compare her experience with those 
she and Glen shared. Kerri thought about it as she reached for a cigarette 
from Kathy's pack. "And when did you start smoking again?" Kathy asked, 
knowing that the blond had given up the habit several months ago. "When I 
was in Europe, I was at a bar one night with some other flight crew people 
and they all smoked and I just started again, actually I'm not buying, just 
bumming one every now and then." she grinned as she lit the smoke with her 
friend's lighter. "So?" Kathy asked, watching Kerri sip at her drink. "So 
what?" she asked, "So, I asked what the difference was between being tied 
with belts and wearing handcuffs." she waited for an answer. "It's just that 
handcuffs seem so real, so final, I mean if you're handcuffed you don't have a 
chance of getting out of them do you?" 'Kerri, you just told me that you 
couldn't get those belts off." 'I know, but I'd feel a lot more confined if 
someone put me in handcuffs, and you also said that Glen gagged you, how, 
with something like a scarf in your mouth?" " No, we use something called a 
ball gag, it's a rubber ball on a strap that Glen buckles on me and these things 
really work, I can't say shit with one on and I can't get it out unless my hands 
are free." Kerri looked at the girl she thought she knew wide eyed and 
confessed that she had seen a picture of a girl wearing a gag like that she'd 
described, 'Kat, I can't believe it, I saw that picture on the internet one night, 
this girl had a red ball strapped in her mouth and she was hog-tied on a bed. I 
thought it was some kind of torture stuff and never went to that web site 
again."   "Maybe you should, there's lots of great stuff on the net about 
bondage, Glen shows me pictures all the time and we get some good ideas for 
positions from it."
	"It sounds like you and Glen are really into this stuff, how often does 
he tie you up?" "Actually, he never ties me, we always use restraints, mostly 
handcuffs but we also have some leather stuff that's really sexy to wear. 
Kerri, do you think you'd ever like to come over,, and see what Glen and I do, 
or actually what Glen does to me?" There, she'd said it, now it was up to her 
friend to decide whether she was curious enough about their activities to 
accept the invitation. Kathy watched the blonde's reaction and smiled when 
Kerri grinned and bit at her lip again then nodded and giggled her reply.
	The two young women continued their conversation and finished the 
plate of nachos finally getting up to leave, Kathy asked the blond, "What are 
you doing this evening?" Kerri told her she didn't have any plans and Kathy 
asked if she'd like to come over and see some of the toys that Glen used on 
her. Keri thought for a moment then said she would, "I'm really curious about 
this stuff that you're into, I think maybe it could be fun. I haven't tried 
anything like it since Brad but if what you and Glen do is as exciting as that 
night in Dallas I'm willing to check it out."
	Kerri followed the brunette to her own apartment where they left her 
car and she rode with Kathy to her home and within an hour she had 
examined most of the restraint collection housed in the playroom of the 
Olson's basement. "I've never in my life seen anything like this." she said, as 
she stood in front of the wardrobe looking at the numerous sets of handcuffs, 
leg irons and leather restraints hanging neatly on their hooks inside the big 
wooden cabinet. She reached out and touched several pairs of cuffs, fingered 
some of the leather devices and had to ask what some of the implements were 
for and how they worked. "Would you like to try a pair of cuffs on, just to see 
what it's like?" Kathy asked, taking down a pair of shiny Hiatts and squeezing 
them open. "Sure, put them on me." the blond answered, holding her hands 
out to her friend. Kathy snapped the first handcuff closed around Kerri's right 
wrist then repeated the action on her left. She let her explore the new 
sensation for several moments then offered to let her see what it was like to 
have her hands behind her back. Kerri stood passively as the right cuff was 
unlocked and her hands were pulled behind her and rejoined in steel 
restraints. "Go ahead, try to get out of them." Kathy offered, watching the 
blond test and explore the feeling of having handcuffs on for the first time in 
her life.
	Kerri went through the same routine that girls usually go through when 
they first find that their hands are cuffed and realizing that they cannot get the 
manacles off no matter what they do. She twisted them around her wrists, 
tugging and pulling against the strange sensation of being so securely 
confined. She looked up into the eyes of her friend then down to her left side 
to see the restraints that were holding her prisoner. "There's no way to get out 
of these things is there?" she asked, letting her hands drop to lay against her 
rounded butt. 'Not without these." Kathy answered, holding a small ring of 
keys up for the blond to see. Kerri continued to explore her cuffs while 
looking over the other things displayed in front of her. "So, is that a ball gag." 
she asked the question as she nodded at the device with the shiny red ball on 
a black leather strap. "Yep, that's a ball gag, wanna see how it feels to wear 
it?" Kathy offered, grinning at her adventurous friend and taking it down from 
it's hook. Kerri bit her lower lip, a habit she had when she was nervous or 
hesitant about a situation, and looked her friend in the eye then nodded her 
pretty blond head as Kathy unbuckled the strap and brought it toward her 
face.
	"Ok, now this is really going to feel weird at first. You'll think it's too 
big and it'll never fit in your mouth but it will. Just let me get it in the way it's 
supposed to be and you'll see it's not near as uncomfortable as it looks like it 
would be." Kerri agreed and opened her mouth allowing the ball to be slid in 
past her front teeth and produced a startled little "Ummph!" sound when the 
ball settled into position and she found she now had to do most of her 
breathing through her nose. "Just relax, breath slowly and get used to how it 
feels while I buckle it on. I know it feels strange right now but it looks so cute 
in your mouth." Kerri eyes were wide and she squinted them as she bit down, 
trying to adjust the ball for a comfortable fit. She lowered her chin then raised 
it to the limits of the gag strap and looked at Kathy and hummed an 
indecipherable something. "I can't understand you, that's what those things do, 
they keep you from talking." Kathy said as she grinned and watched her 
friend experience her first ball gag. 
	All the while she was showing Kerri the collection of restraints Kathy 
had been hatching a scheme in her mind and now with Kerri somewhat 
initiated into what it felt like to be cuffed and gagged decided to see if she 
would be willing to participate in the idea she had for a surprise for her 
husband. "So, what do you think, kind of neat huh?" she asked as she admired 
the look of her girlfriend's face, distorted but still quite attractive despite the 
ball wedged in her mouth. "That really does look good on you. Glen always 
tells me how sexy I am when I'm wearing one of those, I think I'm beginning 
to see what he likes about them." Kathy said as she stepped back for a better 
view of the gagged girl. "Immph pheemms meeemmph." Kerri managed past 
the ball. Even though her words were not understandable Kathy got the 
meaning, "Yeah, they do feel neat, it's kind of erotic, having something big 
and round in your mouth." Kerri giggled behind the gag, understanding 
Kathy's reference to oral sex. "So, you've experienced this much, how would 
you like to see what the other half is like?" Kerri furled her eyebrows in a 
questioning expression and made a curious 'Mummph?" sound.
	Kathy reached behind her friend's head and unbuckled the gag strap. 
As the ball was pulled out Kerri made a "Mmwaah" sound and tried to slurp 
back at the moisture that had formed behind the ball. Her lips didn't respond 
exactly as she had expected and she started to raise her hand to wipe at her 
drips. She was still unaccustomed to her hands not going where she wanted 
them to and when the handcuffs stopped the movement short of her goal she 
made a frustrated little sound and looked at Kathy and grinned. "What do you 
mean, the other half?" she asked, her speech slightly slurred from the effects 
of wearing the gag.
	"You said that you couldn't imagine what it must be like to let a guy 
have that much control over you, so how would you like to find out what 
that's like?" Kerri's eyes widened again, "Kat, what guy?"  "Glen, of course, 
he's an expert on bondage and helpless girls, who better to try it with for you 
first time?" Kathy asked. "It wouldn't be my first time, remember the story 
about Brad?" she answered with a question. "Yeah, but you were just tied up 
a little that time, you should experience what being totally helpless is like." 
the brunette told her. "But Glen's your husband, I'm not sure I'd feel real 
comfortable being with him and you right here to watch." "Oh, so you would 
be ok with it if I wasn't around?" she teased. "No, you know that's not what I 
mean, what would Glen say about it?" "Glen would love it, he calls you my 
foxy friend, he'd like nothing better than to find you in restraints and I think 
you'd like it too, how about if we give him the surprise of his life when he 
comes home tonight?" Kerri was grinning and looking at Kathy's face for 
confirmation that she was serious. "You really mean it don't you, you'd 
actually let Glen see me, like this," she raised her cuffed hands up to her hip, 
"and wearing that?" she nodded toward the ball gag still in Kathy's hand. 
"Sure, in fact, I'd love it, we've fantasized about having another girl to play 
our games with. Glen is always teasing me about putting me where I could 
watch but not participate while he makes it with another chick." she watched 
Kerri's eyes for her response. "Ok, let's do it!" Kerri said with a nervous little 
giggle in her voice.
	Kathy had known for some time that her best friend found her husband 
more than a little attractive, she'd told her as much and she was also aware 
that Glen thought Kerri was a sexy lady that he'd confessed that if given the 
chance, and with Kathy's approval, that he could make it with very easily. 
The situation seemed perfect, Kathy didn't feel the least bit threatened by the 
blond, as a matter of fact she thought the idea of watching or being made to 
watch that coupling sounded very sexy. It was quite by coincidence that the 
phone rang at that moment and as if on cue, it was Glen calling. Kathy spoke 
into the phone on the desk that occupied a wall of the playroom / den as she 
inserted a key in Kerri's left handcuff.
	"Hi Sweetie" Kerri could only hear one side of the conversation, 
"Yeah, I'm home, yes, we went to lunch, oh, it was fun, we talked and drank 
margaritas then talked more, you know Kerri and I when we get together, Yes 
we talked about that," Kathy looked at her friend and grinned, "Well, she said 
it sounded interesting but she said she'd have to give it some thought, I guess 
we'll see, we're supposed to go shopping Tuesday evening, I'll see then if 
she's made a decision,, Oh, great, what time will you be home, because I 
might want to surprise you with something,,, Ok, call me when you leave the 
office,, I love you too, call me, don't forget,,, Bye Bye." Kathy grinned a 
mischievous grin as she finished removing Kerri's other cuff. "He's going to 
leave the office early and should be home around four, so you want to 
surprise him with me?" she asked. Kerri agreed and asked what Kathy had on 
her mind. "We're going to let him think you're me." she said, looking over at 
the set of leg stocks that she and Glen enjoyed often during their games. Kerri 
gave her friend a perplexed look then pulled a strand of her blond hair out to 
one side, Kat,, I'm a blond, remember?" she asked, not comprehending what 
the other girl was planning. "I know, but we'll still fool him, let's go find 
something sexy for you to wear." she said taking Kerri's hand in hers and 
pulling her toward the stairs.
	The two girls were nearly the same size physically, that is till it came to 
their breasts and that's where the similarity ended. Kathy had a very cute pair 
that nicely filled a 32b cup, her friend on the other hand was blessed with a 
much more ample bust and was proud of her 34c size. "These are going to be 
a problem." Kerri offered as she looked down at her boobs and then at 
Kathy's lingerie selection. "No they won't, I've got a bra that you can wear 
and will fit you very nicely." she said confidently as she began to select some 
articles from the drawer.
	Kathy drew out two of everything, panties, bras, garter belts, nylons 
and two pair of long, elbow length opera gloves. One set was white, the other 
shimmering, electric blue.
"The blue things are yours'" she told the blond as she began to undress. Kerri 
followed her lead and shed her clothes and began to dress exactly as her 
friend. The bra Kathy had mentioned did indeed fit the big boobed Kerri and 
she giggled at her exposed nipples, high over the tops of the shelf cups of the 
blue device. "I hope you know what you're doing she said as she adjusted 
herself inside the snug fitting bra. When both girls were dressed Kathy 
selected shoes from her closet and gave Kerri a pair of blue patent pumps that 
matched her outfit perfectly and a pair of white ones for herself. "Ok, that 
should do it, lets go back downstairs, Glen will be calling about anytime." she 
said noting the time displayed on the bedside clock.
	Kerri had looked at the leg stocks earlier during Kathy's tour of the 
playroom but she had not sat in it but that is where her friend directed her to 
go when they reentered the basement den area. Once seated, Kerri looked at 
the twin holes in the cross bar obviously meant for the legs and commented, 
"I'm not going anywhere once I'm in this, I can see that right now." "No 
Sweetie, you won't be doing any running around, that's for sure." She turned 
the key that was protruding from the keyhole and lifted the upper half of the 
crossbar, "Ok, put your legs up and your ankles in these." she said, pointing 
at the half round and fleece line ankle holes. Kerri did as she was directed and 
leaned against the back rest as Kathy gently lowered the upper portion of the 
bar and snapped it closed before removing the key. "There, now you're in leg 
stocks, try to get out." she challenged as she knelt next to the captive and 
began arranging the thick leather knee straps that would further restrict the 
blonde�s leg movements. Kerri began to explore the device in which she was 
now a prisoner. She pulled back with her legs till her feet were against the 
softly padded holes surrounding her ankles then tried to raise her legs and 
found that action was also futile. Kathy had just finished snugging the buckles 
of the knee straps when the phone rang. 'That'll be him." she guessed as she 
made her way to the desk.
	"Hi lover, Ok, I'll be ready for you, just read my note and I'll see you in 
a few, you are coming straight home aren't you? Ok, drive careful, love you. 
Bye." She hung up the phone and returned to her helpless friend.
	"Ok, it's time we did something about that blond hair of yours, don't go 
away and I'll be back in a minute." "Very funny." Kerri said, uselessly tugging 
at her trapped legs.
The stocks were sitting so that when a person entered the room they would be 
seeing the one in the stocks from the rear, that also meant that the prisoner 
couldn't see the one entering the room without turning around and looking 
behind them. Several minutes later Kathy came back in the room from 
upstairs with something that Kerri didn't see till it was brought around in front 
of her. "Oh my God, a wig, Kat, this isn't going to fool him. All he has to do 
is walk up next to me and he'll know it's me and not you." "Be patient my 
little prisoner, there's more." Kathy said as she arranged the long brunette 
hairpiece on the blonde's head. Kerri reached up and helped offering her head 
into the elastic headband inside the wig. "Wow, you look different, I've never 
thought of you as a brunette but it looks kind of sexy, maybe you should 
consider a dye job." Kat teased as she stepped back to admire Kerri's new 
look. "Now it's time we did something about those hands." Kerri looked up at 
Kathy's mischevous grin, "I guess I get handcuffed again now?" she 
questioned. "You guessed it baby, now let me see, do I want you in chain 
cuffs or a pair of hinged ones." she said as she stepped to the wardrobe and 
looked over the selection of manacles displayed there. "You didn't try these 
so maybe you should wear these hinged cuffs for Glen." she said as she took 
down a pair of brightly polished cuffs from their hook and turned back to her 
waiting guest. "These are going to feel a lot different than those ones you 
wore earlier, see they don't swivel like those did." she demonstrated the 
hinged feature for Kerri to see. The captive sat passively as her wrists were 
once again joined behind her back in handcuffs and with them on began to 
explore the new sensation of the semi-rigid restraints. "These are different, a 
lot more restrictive." she observed as she tried to twist her hands opposite 
each other and found the action denied by the cuffs that now confined her. I 
still don't see how you think we're going to fool Glen into thinking he's seeing 
you instead of me." she said, working at finding a comfortable position for her 
linked hands. When Kathy didn't answer immediately the seated girl turned 
just in time to see her friend approaching her with something made of what 
looked like black leather. 'What's that?" she asked warily trying to figure out 
what Kathy was holding. "It's called a discipline hood, or just a hood, it goes 
over your head and face and laces up the back." she held the leather device 
where Kerri could see it clearly. "Oh boy, this doesn't stop does it?" she 
asked nervously as her friend began to arrange the leather over her brunette 
head. 'We can stop anytime you want but I don't think you really want it to 
stop, do you?" she said, bending down and looking at Kerri's eyes through the 
eye holes of the hood as it covered her face. The half hooded head shook 
from side to side and Kerri quietly said, "No, I don't want it to stop.
	Kathy tugged and fit the hood in place on her friend's head and laced 
the leather closed to a snug but comfortable fit before tying off the ends of the 
laces in a neat bow at the nape of her neck. Kerri's hood had eye and mouth 
openings that allowed her to see and speak. There was also a strategically 
placed hole for the wearer's hair to come out in a ponytail just below the 
crown of their head and she arranged the long mane of the brunette wig to 
exit this opening. "Now, to anyone coming in this room and seeing you sitting 
here like this they could easily mistake you for me." Kathy said, looking 
down at the now hooded captive sitting, legs spread, handcuffed and helpless 
in the stocks. "Just one more little detail and it'll be show time." she said 
grinning at her handiwork. 'How do you like that hood so far?" she asked as 
she went to the toy chest again for the last piece that she planned for Kerri to 
wear. "It smells delicious, I wish I could see what it looks like on me." "I 
think that can be arranged, but first let me get this in, open wide." Kathy said 
as she knelt next to her with something in her hand that resembled a wide, 
black leather human tongue with straps and a buckle. "Oh shit, what's that?" 
Kerri said, already knowing that she was about to get another gag. "I think 
you know where this goes, now come on open up, Glen will be getting home 
any minute now."
	It took a little pushing and fitting but the tongue gag slipped in through 
the mouth opening in the hood and filled Kerri's mouth with it's bulging form. 
She moaned through the gag and tried to say something that Kathy couldn't 
understand. In just a few moments Kerri was now completely at the mercy of 
anyone who held the keys to her restraints. She could not use her hands, her 
legs were spread and locked that way, she couldn't scream or talk and the 
hood severely reduced her field of vision and head movement. She began to 
see that even though she knew this was all a game, she was nevertheless more 
helpless than she'd ever been in her life and her well being was totally in the 
hands of her friend and in just a few minutes, her friend's husband. She sat 
still, breath coming loud through the breathing holes in the nose area of her 
hood. With her ears covered by the leather she didn't hear what Kathy did but 
she did hear her friend say, "He's home, I hope you're ready for this." then the 
lights went out except for one lone, low wattage or dimmed spot light directly 
above her place in the center of the room. Kerri made a small whimper behind 
her gag and worked her hands in the hinged cuffs.
	Glen came in the house from the garage and put his briefcase down, 
slipped out of his jacket and walked into the kitchen to find a note laying on 
the counter next to a glass of wine. He already was expecting something 
special that Kathy had promised and smiled when he saw the hand written 
message. He picked up the glass and the note, took a sip of cabernet and 
walked to the family room to read what his wife had written.
	"Glen, my dear, welcome home, it's Friday and a three day weekend. I 
hope you didn't have any big plans for tonight, I sort of had some of my own 
and I want you to share them with me. I'm downstairs, waiting for you, 
dressed like I know you will like and ready to surprise you. Come down 
when you're ready but please don't turn up the lights, it would ruin my 
surprise."
                                                                           Love you, Kat
	Grinning, Glen picked up the glass took a long drink then went to the 
liquor cabinet to refill it before walking to the door that led to the basement 
where he expected to find his wife in some form of sexy outfit and most 
probably in restraints. He came down the stairs, rounded the corner leading 
into the playroom and made a satisfied sound as he saw who he believed was 
Kathy sitting with her back to him in the oak leg stocks. "Oh wow, baby, now 
that's what I call a surprise." he said softly as he approached the helpless 
female in the shimmering blue lingerie. He watched as her gloved fingers 
moved and saw her breathing increase in pace as he touched her gently on the 
arms letting his hands slide down the satiny material of her gloves and take 
her hands in his. The girl's fingers squeezed his and she produced a muffled 
little sound from behind her gag. Glen leaned close and nuzzled her neck just 
below the leather of her hood. "Mmmm, you smell good." he whispered loud 
enough for her covered ears to hear. "And you look fantastic." Even in the 
subdued light he could see the blue outfit and he could discern the nervous 
anticipation of his captive as he let his hands slide over her shoulders then 
slowly around towards her breasts. He was still behind her kneeling and 
kissing at her neck as his hands cupped her boobs and his fingertips 
encountered the flinty hardness of her nipples. "Ooooo, I don't know what 
there is about this bra but it makes these feel about twice as big." he said as 
he continued to caress the soft globes so wantenly displayed for his pleasure. 
The girl in the stocks could hardly contain the sounds she would have liked to 
make but she couldn't keep from making some response and moaned softly 
inside her hood. Glen moved to her side and looked up at the leather covered 
face and could just discern the closed eyes as he bent down and took her right 
nipple in his lips. The girl moaned louder this time and stiffened her torso 
with his attentions to this most sensitive area. His right hand slipped down the 
front of her belly and under the waistband of her panties. The gag hardly held 
back a high-pitched nasal squeal from the prisoner as his fingers mingled with 
the soft curls of thick bush.
	His reaction was immediate and vocal, "Hey, what's going on?" he 
almost yelled as he jerked his hand away from the girl's crotch and was 
getting to his feet, eyes wide and staring at the confined female that couldn't 
be his wife when he heard Kathy's voice from behind him. "So, caught you 
fucking around with one of my friends huh?" Glen spun around to see her 
standing, one hand raised high and resting on the bathroom door frame and 
dressed nearly identical to the girl in the stocks except for the color of her 
lingerie. 
	"Kat!" his head jerked from one girl to the other then settled on his 
mate, "Who is that?" he asked, obviously shaken by his discovery that the girl 
sitting in the leg stocks was not her. "I told you, one of my friends." Kathy 
said, dropping her hand and walking, cat like toward him with her eyes never 
leaving his. "How did you find out she wasn't me so quick?" she asked as she 
reached him and let her gloves slide along the sides of his neck as she rested 
her arms on his shoulders. Glen smiled but he was still obviously confused as 
he looked at Kathy then down at the other girl then back into his wife's eyes, 
"She has hair, and lots of it. Who in the hell is she Kat?"  "Why don't you take 
her hood off and introduce yourself, she'd probably like to know who was 
sucking on her tits." Kathy said still grinning broadly. "Go ahead, she can't 
slap you or anything, she's cuffed."
	Glen knew he was the victim of a scheme but he really was confused 
about the girl now so securely confined next to where he and his wife stood. 
He looked down at her and the brunette ponytail dangling from the rear of her 
hood and tried to think who that long, dark hair could belong to. "Surely that 
couldn't be Lisa." he thought to himself "She has hair that long but she sure as 
hell doesn't have boobs like those."
	All during the short conversation between them, Kerri was struggling in 
her restraints and trying to talk through her gag. Glen looked at her again then 
reached for his wife's hand. "So, you want to play games, ok, let's play." he 
said hauling her in the direction of the wooden cabinet that contained their 
toys. In five inch heels, Kathy had little choice but to follow him with her 
balance severely compromised by her shoes she could only offer token 
resistance as he reached in and came out with a pair of handcuffs and expertly 
got her hands cuffed behind her back. "Glen, what are you going to do?" she 
asked, giggling as he took a set of leg irons down from their place and 
selected a ball gag before pulling her over near where the girl sat in her 
stocks, still mummphing and pulling her legs against the stocks hold on them. 
"Down." he commanded and more or less forced his wife onto the floor and 
once there he knelt next to her and applied one cuff of the irons to her left 
ankle before wrapping their chain over the center link of the handcuffs then 
clicked the remaining cuff around her right leg which left her in a very secure 
hogtie. He had little difficulty getting the ball gag on her and she offered little 
resistance as he did, obviously expecting this kind of retaliation from him at 
being fooled by her and the unknown female siting next to them.
	With his mate now confined and unable to interfere, Glen stepped back 
to the other girl and knelt next to her. Kerri kept her eyes closed as he talked, 
"Ok, now where were we before I was so rudely interrupted? I think I had my 
hand about,, here." he said, placing his fingers back in the soft, warm curls of 
her pubic hair and letting them just rake across the outer lips of her puss. 
Kerri responded with a sharp intake of air through her nose and her eyes 
snapped open despite her desire to keep them closed. "Oh, blue eyes huh? 
Now who do I know with blue eyes and dark hair?" he asked the leather 
covered face. Kerri shook her head ever so slightly and produced another 
muffled sound that said she wasn't really opposed to what was being done to 
her helpless body. Her small girlish whimpers and increased breathing told 
him that his attention to her puss was being enjoyed despite her restraints. He 
bent down and sucked at a nipple again which brought another pleasurable 
sound from inside the leather hood. Glen looked over at Kathy laying on her 
stomach in her cuffs and shackles, watching her husband suck on her friend's 
nipple and she moaned into the ball that kept her noises to a minimum. "Hey 
sweetie, thanks for the surprise, or should I say, surprises. he said, cupping 
Kerri's breasts in both hands. Kathy moaned again and worked her hands in 
their cuffs. Her leg iron chain chattering back and forth over her cuffs as she 
moved her feet. "No, you aren't going to get out of those, and you're in a 
perfect position to watch what I do with your friend here, whoever she is."
	Glen stood up and began to take off his clothes. The blue eyes watched 
him from inside the hood and when he was down to his shorts he moved just 
out of their view as he stepped to take a drink from his wine glass. Kerri's 
hood kept her from seeing what Glen was doing behind her but she heard 
Kathy moan and looked over at her hogtied friend. Kathy was watching her 
husband and saw him take a leather blinder from the cabinet then slip out of 
his last piece of clothes. He approached the seated girl from behind and 
suddenly her world went black as the leather covered her eyes and she felt 
him buckling the device in place over her already hooded head. Kerri 
squealed inside the hood and made a vain attempt to reach up to rid herself of 
what he had just put on her but her cuffs prevented the action like they had 
done to most of the others she had tried in the last several minutes.
	Kerri sat, her breasts heaving with her quickening breath and then felt 
him unbuckling the knee straps. At first she believed she was going to be 
released from the stocks but the leg restraints were all that he removed before 
she was aware of his legs slipping between hers and the center beam of the 
device that still held her in the sitting position. Denied the ability to see, her 
other senses became acutely attuned to his actions as he first unfastened the 
front closing bra and pulled it back to give himself free access to her boobs. 
Kerri moaned inside her hood as Glen began to caress the globes of flesh so 
invitingly displayed for his pleasure. He took her left nipple in his lips again 
and gently sucked, letting his tongue move over it producing yet more 
passionate sounds from the helpless prisoner. Her skin took on a sheen from 
the film of perspiration that was forming despite her nearly naked body and 
she arched her back offering herself to his touch. "I just can't figure out who 
you are, I thought I knew all of Kat's friends but I can't place those eyes and 
this hair." he said quietly near where the hood covered her ears. "I'll say one 
thing, it's sexy as hell having a girl like you are right now and not knowing 
who she is. It's like being with a total stranger, but then maybe you are a 
stranger." She felt him tug outward on the waist band of her panties then she 
heard a metallic snipping sound accompanied by a strange noise from the girl 
on the floor. He had cut off the blue panties with what was apparently a pair 
of scissors. "There, now there's nothing between me and this." he said as his 
fingers once again moved into her wet and open puss. She felt his hands go to 
her bottom and begin to lift her off the padded seat. Suddenly she knew what 
he was doing and she moaned surprisingly loud for a gagged girl as he 
lowered her onto himself and actually impaled her on his rigid cock. 
	The leather covered head was thrown back and the brunette ponytail 
swished as she moved, matching his thrusts as she was bounced up and down 
on his lap. The chained girl on the carpet watched in fascination as her 
husband forced her best friend to ride him to orgasm. She moaned her 
frustration as her cuffs and chains kept her impotent on the floor and her 
fascination made her watch the spectacle going on six feet from where she lay 
helpless. It was easy for Kathy to see when Kerri came. The hooded girl 
stiffened and made a high pitched nasal squeal, her cuffed hands splayed out 
behind her back as Glen continued to pump away at her giving her enough 
stimulation that a second orgasm came within seconds of her first. When she 
was spent Glen gently put her back on her seat and raised himself from the 
stocks. Leaving her still confined in the wooden device he removed her 
blinder, kissed her gag then went to his wife. Getting Kathy in position was 
really no problem, but he used the scissors again and relieved her of her the 
white panties before he simply rolled her onto himself as he sat next to her 
and with her still hog-tied in her steel restraints, put her full weight on himself 
and guided his still erect dick into her well lubed puss.  
	Kathy came in moments of him entering her and Glen finally enjoyed 
his own climax before rolling his wife off onto the floor again and getting up 
he wiped himself off with a small towel that was kept nearby just for that 
purpose. He slipped back into his shorts then removed a ring of keys from a 
hook in the cabinet, tossed them onto the floor a couple of feet from his wife's 
hands and looking down at her announced, "I'm going upstairs to take a 
shower and start making dinner, as soon as you're out of your restraints you 
can come up and join me, you can bring your friend too, if she wants to come 
along."
	Ten minutes later Glen heard the bathroom door open outside of where 
he was bathing and through the glass of the shower door he could clearly 
discern not one but two female bodies moving, and then the door opened. As 
soon as he saw Kerri's face he grinned broadly and motioned the two girls 
under the steamy spray with him. "Hey foxy, welcome to our world." he said 
to the blond as he leaned toward his wife's face for a kiss.
	"So when did you figure out it was me?" Kerri asked, as the trio sat in 
a lounger together on the back sun deck an hour later. "When you came into 
the shower." he confessed. "Are you serious, you fucked me and you really 
didn't know who I was?" Kerri asked, playfully poking him in the ribs. "No, I 
had no idea, like I said downstairs, I thought I knew all of Kathy's friends but 
I just couldn't figure out who you were. Nobody I knew had blue eyes and 
hair as dark as Kat's, the wig never entered my mind." Glen told her as Kathy 
listened to his explanation. "I decided that if one of her friends would let 
herself be put in the stocks like that, knowing that I'd be coming home to find 
her that way, she probably wouldn't object too much if I did what just came 
naturally." The three laughed and Kathy snuggled closer to her mate. "I hope 
you liked your surprise, and I hope you liked what we do for enjoyment 
around here Ker." she said reaching over and caressing her friends hand. "I 
enjoyed it,,, a lot, thanks for sharing your toys and your husband with me." 
she said.  "Oh, don't mention it, after all, what are friends for?"




High Security Part III

Sunday morning found Glen and Kathy Olson sitting on the floor of their family 
room reading the morning paper. Kathy sat with her legs folded under her, the paper laid 
out flat in front of where she sat. Glen leaned back against the sofa and held his section of 
the paper up in front of himself. "There's a sale at the landscape place this week, we 
should go order a load of rock for the edging." he suggested. "Mmmm hmmm." she 
replied, obviously more interested in what she was reading. Glen looked up at her as she 
raised her hand to take a puff from her cigarette. She noticed him looking at her and 
grinned, "What?" she said. "I'm just thinking how beautiful you are, you're really a good 
looking chick." he told her with a smile. "Yeah, you probably tell that to all the girls, 
especially the ones with big boobs." she was making reference to the previous Friday night 
and the events surrounding their sharing the evening with Kathy's best friend Kerri. 
Glen smiled again with the memory of what the two women had done to him, 
fooling him into thinking that Kerri was Kathy. At least he was fooled for several minutes 
till he discovered that the girl he thought was his wife had instead of a perfectly shaved 
crotch a thick bush of soft curls between her legs. "Are you thinking of Friday night?" he 
asked. Kathy looked up at him and it was her turn to smile. She nodded as she too recalled 
that evening of sex and discovery. Kerri was introduced to the games that she and Glen 
played and like the proverbial duck taking to water, had obviously enjoyed the evening's 
activities even more than Kathy had expected her to. "Kerri wants to join us again, she 
said anytime, just give her a call and she'll be here." Kathy told him. "Well, that was sure a 
lot of fun but we don't want to get into doing it too often, I'd rather keep it something 
special we do, just occasionally, how do you feel?" he asked. "I agree, she told him, "but 
with Kerri's flight schedule and mine, weekends together don't come around much 
anyway. Of course, you could call her and see if she would like to come over when I'm on 
a trip." Kathy offered, looking at him for a reaction. "No, thank you Mam, I'm not getting 
into anything like that, that's a good way to loose friends and maybe destroy a marriage. I 
know, I've been there and done that." She moved to hug him and kissed his face, "Thanks, 
I'm glad you said that, I would still be ok with it if you wanted to but I like that you aren't 
interested. I don't mind sharing you with Kerri but I'd prefer to be here when I do, even if 
I'm handcuffed and gagged, I'd still like to be with you when you're with her. I will admit, 
it was a real turn on watching you fuck her the other night. I got off just seeing you guys 
doing that there in front of me. I couldn't even touch myself the way you had me cuffed 
but I still had an orgasm from just the visual stimulation."
"Speaking of a turn on, I've been meaning to tell you how sexy it was Friday when 
I knew you were here at home, alone and in handcuffs that you couldn't get out of. What 
would you say if I wanted to do that to you for a full day?" he asked, his eyes still roaming 
over the beautiful brunette who had been his wife for three years. "What, I'd be in cuffs 
while you were at work and I wouldn't have the keys?" she asked, her smile evaporating. 
"That's right, I'd put them on you before I leave, just like Friday, and you�ll have to wear 
them all day, till I get home around six." he informed. Her eyes scanned his face then the 
room surrounding them as she thought of the consequences of allowing such a thing to 
happen. "Would I be able to get out of the cuffs if I wanted, I mean would you hide the 
keys and tell me where they are if I called you and said I wanted loose?" "No way, I take 
the keys with me, you won't have any options but to stay in cuffs, all day." Kathy bit 
lightly at her lower lip, a thing she had picked up from Kerri, and grinned at her husband. 
"Can I think about it and let you know?" she asked. "Sure, take your time, I was just 
thinking that you don't fly again till Wednesday, it's only Sunday so you'd have Monday or 
Tuesday to try it if you think it sounds like fun." Kathy grinned and stood up, reaching 
down for his hand, "Come on babe, we've got yard work to do."
The rest of that Sunday was spent mowing, edging, pruning and trimming in the 
big yard that the couple had made into a neighborhood show place and that was something 
of a hobby for them. They were proud of their yard and spent much of the spring, summer 
and fall months maintaining and improving it's appearance. Late that afternoon, after 
showers and getting ready for dinner, Glen was sitting in a lounger on the back patio 
tending to the charcoal fire in the grill when Kathy came out with two glasses of wine and 
approached him. She put the glasses on the table next to where he sat then straddled him 
and placed herself on his lap facing him. She leaned down, kissed him warmly then said, 
"Ok." Glen looked up at her with a perplexed look, "Ok, what?" he asked. "Ok, you can 
put me in handcuffs for the day." she said with a serious expression. "Ok." he said and 
hugged her close to him, "I think you'll enjoy it." "Me too, actually, I've wondered about 
you doing that, it's just that I haven't told you because I knew you would and I wasn't sure 
it was a good idea but I've been thinking about it all day and I'm ready to try it" she bent 
down and kissed him again then moving her lips from his whispered, "Handcuff me, make 
me your prisoner for a day. You can do it tomorrow." 
For the remainder of the evening the husband and wife anticipated the next 
morning and what it would bring. Kathy spent the time in nervous contemplation of what 
was in store for her. She had never spent the entire day alone in restraints and was 
understandably apprehensive about the prospects. Glen on the other hand was going to 
realize a fantasy that he had harbored for a long time. The previous Friday with Kathy 
home alone in the high security handcuffs that she had no hope of escaping from had been 
the prelude to the coming morning when he would again put her in some form of restraint 
and leave her without any options but to wear whatever he chose to see on her for the 
next nine or ten hours for there would be no hidden keys for her to find, all of her means 
of escape would be safely tucked away in his briefcase that would be with him in his 
office. The anticipation was fuel for a satisfying evening of lovemaking for the pair.
Monday morning dawned cool and drizzly, "A perfect day to stay indoors." Kathy 
thought to herself as she parted the curtains in their bedroom and peered up at the leaden 
sky. Glen was still in the shower and his mate was going through the restraints that they 
kept in a drawer in the underdresser of their waterbed. "I'll bet he already has plans about 
what he wants to put on me." she said to herself as she examined the collection of 
handcuffs and chains stored handily for their bedtime games. She lifted out a pair of Smith 
& Wesson chain linked cuffs and felt their weight. "These model 1s are neat but they're so 
heavy." she thought as she experimentally slipped her hands into the closed cuffs. "But I 
do like them, they're big but they're really comfortable to wear." The brunette looked 
down at the oversized manacles laying loosely around her wrists then squeezed each cuff 
closed to a snug but comfortable fit. She laid back on her pillow and raised her steel joined 
hands out in front of her. She eyed the shiny bands of metal that she knew she could never 
escape from without the proper keys and tugged outward against their short chain link 
then twisted her hands opposite each other feeling the metal warm to her body 
temperature. "These wouldn't be bad, I could wear them for the day, no problem." she 
offered to the bedroom where she lay waiting for her husband to return from his morning 
shower. She rolled over and looked down into the drawer again and with some difficulty 
because of her cuffs managed to reach down and retrieve a set of legirons of the same 
brand. "Maybe he'll chain my legs too." she thought, noisily locking the big cuffs closed 
around her ankles then spreading her legs to the limits of the shackles now confining them. 
She relished the way the sixteen inches of heavy chain jerked her movement to a halt long 
before her legs reached their limit of travel in that direction. "Oh shit, why do I like that 
feeling so much?" she asked herself as her fingers went instinctively to her crotch. As she 
laid there gently massaging that most sensitive part of her anatomy she listened to the 
clicking sounds produced by her handcuffs and felt the restrictions placed upon her hand 
movements by them. "A girl shouldn't like to be locked up like this but I do, and I'm 
married to a man that really gets off having me like this, what a perfect combination." she 
whispered as the sweet sensations resulting from her attention to her puss began to make 
her breath more heavily.
Glen chose that moment to return from his shower and immediately recognized his 
wife's condition. "Oh no you don't," he said as he rushed toward her and pulled her hands 
away from their task, holding tightly onto her handcuff chain to keep her fingers away 
from where she wanted, needed them most at that moment. "You're not going to have any 
fun for awhile." "Oh, Glen, please, I was so close." the prisoner wailed at the sudden 
elimination of the wonderful feeling she was getting from her self induced stimulation. 
"You'll get your chances to get yourself off later but not before I leave." he told her. still 
holding her hands above her head. Kathy's fingers worked as she tugged downward 
against the handcuff chain that he held firmly in his hand. "You're a beast, do you know 
that?" she asked him playfully. "Yeah, I'm a real bastard, that's why I'm going to fix you up 
in something you're not going to get out of till I get home tonight." he told her as he 
reached into the toy drawer with his free hand as he continued to restrain her with his 
other. 
Kathy squealed, kicked and fought as he began to apply the restraints he'd chosen 
for his wife to spend the day in. Glen was much too strong for her to fight and he had little 
difficulty getting the transport chain around her waist and adjusted to a comfortable, albeit 
unremovable fit just above the graceful flair of her hips. He'd flipped her over so she was 
on her stomach and tossed an end of the bed's comforter over her head to keep her from 
seeing the things he was taking from the drawer. Her voice muffled by the quilted 
bedspread, she was asking what he was up to and continued to wiggle ineffectually under 
his control as he selected another set of handcuffs and passed them through the keeper link 
of the transport chain. He had positioned himself on the bed where he could control her 
legs by placing one of his over them then with a handy key reached up and unlocked one 
of the cuffs on her wrists but not before getting a good hold on both of them and before 
she could react, pulled them down and back behind her to be locked in the set he had 
placed on the waist chain. As soon as she realized his intentions she began to loudly 
protest and even under the comforter he could hear her frantic words, "No, no, Glen, God 
damn it, not behind my back, Christ, I won't even be able to eat or drink like this!" She 
was pulling with all her strength against his but to no avail and in seconds she felt the new 
cuffs close snuggly around her wrists and it was to her horror that she discovered that she 
was now confined in hinged handcuffs rather than the infinitely more comfortable chain 
linked variety. With his mate now securely cuffed he got up from the bed and grinned at 
her attempts to throw off the heavy comforter and get into a sitting position, all the while 
protesting wildly that she couldn't wear hinged cuffs behind her back all day. "Glen, 
please, not like this, Jesus honey, I can't even get my panties down to pee cuffed like this." 
she warned as she looked down and back in an effort to examine the cuffs that now held 
her hands nearly out of her field of view. She tossed her long hair over her right shoulder 
and looked down her left side only to moan out her frustration at being so ultimately and 
inescapably restrained. She looked up at her husband with big sad eyes that spoke of her 
concern. "Sweetie, you wouldn't really leave me alone like this would you.?" she raised her 
joined hands behind her in the limits of the transport chain to emphasize her condition. 
"What do you think?" he replied as he walked away from his struggling wife and began to 
dress for a day of work.
Kathy's breasts heaved as her emotions ran from concern to downright fear. She 
managed to get off the bed and stood next to it making another try to see the cuffs holding 
her hands behind her. She again tossed her hair out of the way and drug the cuffs and 
chain as far around to her side as the hinged feature of her manacles would allow. "What 
cuffs are these, they're really tight?" she said as she got her first good look at the metal 
locked on her. "They're new, you've never worn them before. I've been waiting for the 
chance to get you in them and today seemed like a perfect opportunity." Glen opened a 
drawer in his side of the dresser and tossed a small cardboard box on the bed next to 
where she stood. "There's the box." he offered as he walked to the closet to select a shirt.
Kathy turned around and looked down at the container. She read the words 
printed on the front then looked up at him. "These are female handcuffs? I didn't know 
they made cuffs just for girls." She didn't recognize the brand name but she had no 
problem with the words under it. "SIZED FOR FEMALES or SMALL WRISTED 
PERSONS. MODEL # F-550 "they're brand new, the old Hiatt company made 
some years ago that were called Lady Hiatts and they were designed for girls but these are 
better. They're oval inside so you probably won't be able to turn your wrists in them and 
they're shaped a little different from standard cuffs, you won't get out of them, I'm sure of 
that." he told her as he stood in front of the dressing mirror tying his necktie and watching 
her reflection in front of him. Kathy still was trying to see her restraints but he was right 
about her not being able to turn her wrists inside the steel jaws of her new cuffs and he'd 
cuffed her with her palms facing out so her ability to get her hands where she could see 
them well was nearly denied her. "Glen, Sweetie," she took her first steps toward him as 
she began to explore the position she now found herself in. Her legiron chain jingled softly 
on the bedroom carpet. "Honey, I can't do anything like this, you're don't really expect me 
to spend the whole day with these on do you?" Just as she reached where he stood he 
walked away and out of the bedroom grinning at her as he stepped out of the door. 
"Coming down to see me off?" "Glennnnnnn!" she wailed as she started after him, her 
hands bouncing against her round bottom and her chains rattling noisily with her 
movements.
Just as she reached the bedroom door he came back in confronting her before she 
could exit the room. "You know, there is one more thing I think I want to see on you 
before I leave." She was still fighting the strict position of her hands and begging him to 
reconsider and didn't seem to care that she was being led back to the bed. Glen picked her 
up and deposited his wife back down on the big waterbed then opening the toy drawer 
under where she lay withdrew what he intended to put on her to further her ordeal. As 
soon as she saw what he had she started to struggle to get away from him but in her 
condition her efforts were minimal at best. "No! No! Glen for Christ's sake, I can't wear 
those all day, I,,,Glen
"Her concerns stemed from her discovery that he intended to put something on her 
that she had only worn a few times and not entirely successfully. Kathy was more than a 
little adept at wearing high heels. At her husband's urgings she wore them at every 
opportunity, even just around the house she was usually in heels. Not super high but shoes 
with enough height to show off the curves of her calves and to give her that graceful walk 
that high heeled footwear dictates for women. As a flight attendant she could not wear 
heels at work but as soon as the plane was back on the ground and her duties complete 
she would change from her airline appointed sensible shoes into a pair of three or four inch 
pumps. Kathy was one of the few women left that actually liked the look and feel of the 
high heels and Glen was more than a little appreciative of this fact. So much so that he 
decided several months ago to fabricate for her, a pair of steel, lockable, impossible to 
remove, high heeled stirrups.
He had devoted many hours to the task but once completed he presented her with 
the fruits of his labor and she was duly impressed with his talents. Meticulously hand 
crafted of stainless steel, they resembled a pair of pumps with a broad ankle strap. A tall, 
six inch, gracefully curved heel jacked her small feet into near pirouette and dictated that 
her steps would be short and dainty. The ankle straps were also of steel and of course 
lockable and once applied Kathy could no more remove them than the legirons she now 
wore. He had designed them to be worn alone or joined at the ankles by way of small 'd' 
rings and a choice of a six or a fourteen inch chain of the same polished metal as the shoes. 
The combination shoe / restraint could be considered a work of art by some and Kathy 
was proud of her new toys but they were just that, toys, to be worn under certain 
conditions. They, unlike their leather counterparts, were inflexible and therefore not the 
most comfortable things to have locked on her feet. Kathy had worn them several times 
but only on those occasions when they were involved in their games around the house. 
She had never ventured out in them, she wasn't enough of an exhibitionist to be seen in 
something so obviously kinky and she had not gained enough experience in them to be 
proficient at walking , at least for more than a few steps at a time. The metal didn't allow 
for normal foot movement within their confines so comfort was not one of their attributes. 
They were beautiful though and Kathy loved them but she wasn't looking forward to the 
prospect of having those tall, gleaming steel things locked on her for the next few hours 
and tried to kick away from him as he began to apply them to her feet. 
Her efforts went unrewarded, as he had done earlier it was a simple thing to lay 
across her legs and hold them down as the metal footwear was put on. He held onto her 
legiron chain and one handed was able to place the pumps on her, wrap the ankle strap 
around her leg and snap a small padlock through the provided hasp on the insides of her 
ankles. In nearly as much time as it takes to tell how he did it, Glen had the steel shoes on 
and locked and was opening the legiron cuffs before freeing her from her face down 
position on the bed. All the while Kathy had been squealing and yelling struggling under 
him to keep from happening what was now finished. 'Ok Kat, there you go. Maybe after 
today you'll have enough practice in those to try wearing them out to a restaurant one 
night. I'd love to see the look on the faces of some of the guys out there when they see 
those things on you." 
As soon as he removed his weight from her legs, Kathy struggled into a sitting 
position and kept up her verbal assault on his decision to confine her in the way he had. 
"Glen,,,, now you listen to me, you can't possibly expect that you're going off and leaving 
me here alone, locked up in these cuffs," she looked down and back toward the metal 
things behind her back, " or these high heels. Damnit, Honey, do you realize how helpless 
I am? I'm going to have trouble even getting downstairs like this and once I get there, I 
can't do anything!" she wasn't joking, in her present condition she was very effectively 
restrained and with absolutely no hope of escaping till he returned home sometime around 
five thirty or six that evening. "Glen, I can't even get a drink of water like this let alone eat 
anything or go the bathroom, shit, I'm not sure I could even get a door open to get out of 
the house." there was desperation showing in her voice as she began the task of getting off 
the bed again to follow him as he silently walked towards the bedroom door. As soon as 
her feet hit the floor the feeling of confinement was reinforced by the tall heels that she 
would have to contend with for the day. She got her balance and stepped off carefully 
staying next to the bed for support as she moved past it."Glennnn!" she wailed after him as 
he disappeared around the corner of the door frame and out of sight. "Glennnnn, stop,,,, 
don't you dare leave me like this!" She yelled his name again as she heard him descending 
the stairs.
Making her way unsteadily across the bedroom floor she reached the door and 
stepped into the hallway at the top of the stairs. There was a banister railing just outside 
the bedroom door and she reached it just in time to see him step onto the floor below and 
walk around the corner glancing up at her with a satisfied smirk on his face. "Glen! you 
bastard, you're not leaving me like this!" she yelled as she carefully stepped to the end of 
the railing and looked down at the first four steps that would take her to a square landing 
before descending the rest of the way to the first floor.
With her hands cuffed, palms out and so closely confined behind her she had some 
trouble getting a good grip on the railing that angled down away from her. Turning her 
back to it she twisted her wrists against the tight manacles and their hinged link and 
grasped the polished wooden rail and took her first, sideways step down . "Glen! Get back 
here!" she kept up her warnings as she took her second step wincing at the bite of the 
cuffs that wouldn't easily allow for the angle necessary to keep a good hold on the railing. 
Three more uncomfortable steps later and she stood triumphantly on the landing only to 
loose her temporary confidence as she looked down the twenty or so steps that she had 
yet to negotiate. The additional five inches of height her shoes afforded her made the 
distance down look even more imposing and she gasped, her breasts heaving under the 
physical and emotional stress. 
"Glen! If you don't get back here and get me out of this,, I'm going to start 
screaming!" she yelled at her unseen mate. In less than a moment he appeared at the 
bottom of the stairs, looking up to where she stood on the landing he offered. "You know, 
a ballgag would go nicely with that outfit you're wearing, or maybe a ring gag or a curb-
bit?" he made it sound like an offer. Kathy looked down wide eyed at his words and shook 
her head. "Ok then, no screaming because you know I wouldn't have any problems putting 
a gag on you right now." She did indeed know it, in her current state of restraint he could 
essentially do anything he wanted and she would be powerless to stop him. "I won't 
scream, but please don't leave me like this, look I can't even get down there, these cuffs 
hurt." "Try sitting and coming down on your butt, I've got to go sweetie, have a fun day." 
so saying he again disappeared from her view and brought another round of pleas and 
protest from the captive.
Her words went unheeded and she heard the sound of the door into the garage 
opening then closing which meant he was now out of the house. Kathy yelled his name 
again and then taking his advice sat down on the carpeted landing and put her feet down 
on the first step. She slid herself forward enough to reach one more step down then 
moved her butt off the top step down onto the next. She didn't want to lean too far 
forward which dictated that she let her rear thump down with the action. Buoyed by this 
easy success she continued to make progress toward the floor below. Slide, thump, slide, 
thump, her quest took on the appearance of a child's Slinky, making it's way down stairs. 
With each thump her breasts jiggled with their firm resiliency and she moaned at her 
awkward progress, her waist chain and handcuffs reporting each step with their own 
metallic sounds.
Kathy stopped at the three quarter point down the steps and did in fact scream out 
Glen's name as she heard the garage door rolling open by way of the electric lifting device 
that had probably been activated by the remote attached to the sunvisor in his car. That 
would mean he was in his car and would be backing out of the garage in a matter of 
seconds. She screamed his name again then gasped as she heard the unmistakable sound of 
the big double car door rolling closed. When it contacted the floor it made an audible thud 
and the helpless girl knew she was now alone, a helplessly chained prisoner in her own 
house and no way to extricate herself from the condition.
The pretty brunette sat on the fourth step up from the bottom leaning against the 
wall and looked around her with a desperation that she had rarely felt . Sure, Glen had put 
her into some fairly strict positions before, nearly suspended from the basement ceiling 
beams in padded leather cuffs with only a tiny and wobbly pedestal to stand on. Knowing 
that if she lost her balance she would be hanging by her wrist a full foot from the floor. Or 
the time he had hog-tied her in the bathtub, a ballgag strapped in her mouth and the water 
running, filling the tub and coming ever closer to her only means of breathing. It had been 
frightening but he had always been right there with her and she had never at any time been 
in any real danger. There had been any number of times when she had been subjected to 
positions or methods that had compromised her comfort or abilities but he had never left 
her alone for any length of time as helpless as she now found herself. As she sat there 
resting from her arduous trek down the stairs she had to wonder if he would have in fact 
gagged her if she had made good on her threat to start screaming. "Oh boy, a whole day 
with a ballgag on, now that would have been no picnic." she told herself as she got into 
position to continue her way down the last steps that would put her on the first floor of 
their home. "Now what?" she asked as she thumped down to the last step.
Finally her feet touched the carpet at the bottom of the stairs and it was with some 
effort she managed to get into a standing position. She worked her hands in the cuffs 
questing for some relief from their tight grip and stepped off carefully toward the kitchen. 
Three steps put her into the ceramic tiled hall and she was well aware that she would need 
to exercise extreme caution on the slippery surface. Glen had told her he wanted to add 
rubber soles to her steel shoes but that he also liked the noise they produced and that she 
would just have to be careful when she was in them and off of any carpeted floor. The 
smooth, polished stainless steel clicked loudly as she made her way slowly down the short 
hall that would take her into the kitchen. When she arrived she saw immediately the three 
insulated travel mugs set out on the kitchen counter. She approached them and saw that 
each had a small yellow sticky note attached and a straw sticking out of the holes on each 
lid. The first one said "Ice Water" the next "Orange Juice" and the third "Coffee" "Glen,,, 
you rotten ass hole." she muttered as she bent over to take a sip from the mug containing 
juice. She spread her legs slightly for stability as she drank, grateful that he hadn't elected 
to chain her ankles together. She took several good swallows of the tangy liquid then 
stood up and surveyed the area around her. "I know he didn't leave the keys here, if he had 
he wouldn't have gone to the trouble of setting up this,,, this drinking station for me." she 
said, vexed as she looked back at the three mugs.
Laying on the counter near where the refreshments were placed were her cigarettes 
and lighter. There was a note with them also which she leaned over to read. "A great way 
to quit smoking, handcuffs behind your back. Good luck lighting one." She read the words 
and groaned her frustration. He was always trying to get her to quit smoking and this was 
just a tease that he knew would frustrate her to no end. Having her smokes so handy but 
without the ability to enjoy one. "Glen, you really are a turd." she said and turned away 
from the temptation and heading for the bathroom just off the kitchen. Upon reaching the 
room she found she could not reach high enough to flip the light switch and groaned 
again, a thing she would find herself doing many more times in the next few hours. She 
retrieved a twelve inch wooden rule from a kitchen drawer and used it to turn on the light 
then turned to give herself a better view of the handcuffs in the wide mirror located over 
the washbasin. "They're not like any of other ones we have," she said to the reflection, 
"They're so damn small and close together. Oh shit, I wish I could turn my hands in." 
wincing with the effort to twist her wrists inside the oddly shaped restraints.
Giving up on her attempt to rotate her hands she turned to face the commode. 
"Ok, now how do I accomplish this little task?" she asked herself as she began to try to get 
her panties down over her hips and relieve her bladder. She twisted her fingers as far in the 
needed direction as she was able without hurting her wrists too much and was just 
successful at hooking a long fingernail in the waist band of the satin bikinis and tugging 
downward. Her action was only partly successful as she reached the end of the limits of 
downward motion afforded by the snug waist chain and the panties were still too high to 
be worked down by hip movements. She made another in a series of groans and looked 
around her for something to assist in the task at hand and spied the doorknob. 
Maneuvering close to it, mindful that she was still on a tiled floor she was able to snag the 
waistband on the knob by bending her knees and getting the knob hooked on the panties 
that she was holding out with her fingertips. She stood up and the door knob drug the 
flimsy material down enough for them to slide down to her knees with a little help from 
some sexy little hip and thigh actions. "I probably won't be able to get them back up again 
but at least I can pee now." she told the room as she took a seat to do what she came to 
do.
Finished with the bathroom visit she discovered that she had been correct in her 
assumption that she would be unable to get her panties back up so she casually kicked 
them off over the gleaming things locked on her feet and stepped out of the room now 
completely nude except for the chain that encircled her waist, her handcuffs and shoes. 
She stood and looked around her at the empty house and again questioned. "Now what?" 
she answered herself by making her way back to the mugs and took the last of the juice 
before moving to the one marked "Coffee." "He even remembered to put cream and sugar 
in it, what a guy." she said after her first sip of the hot brew. The coffee made her want a 
cigarette and she looked longingly at the flip top box and small gold lighter laying so 
teasingly within reach. "There's no way Kat, give it up." she scolded herself and moved 
away once again from her smokes and headed for the family room and the big soft sofa. 
"I've got to get off my feet, these things are gonna kill me today." she said, looking down 
at the steel pumps still locked snuggly where he has put them before leaving. She made 
her noisy, slippery way across the tile of the breakfast room and finally back onto a carpet 
when she entered the cozy den area.
Kathy took a seat on the sofa and looked around the room with the massive 
fireplace that dominated one wall, the entertainment center and the rocker recliner. "What 
am I going to do like this all day?" she asked the room as she tried for a comfortable 
position for her cuffed hands. With her palms turned out and the handcuffs on the waist 
chain she was more or less forced to have her elbows spread out behind her. She couldn't 
just let her hands lay comfortably down against her butt but had to hold them up to keep 
the incessant pressure off her wrists. The longer she was confined like that the more 
uncomfortable the position became. She arched her back striving for some relief from the 
stress in her back and shoulders and as she sat she began to ponder the next nine hours. 
She glanced at the clock on the mantel and calculated that she was going to be like she 
found herself now for a very long time and she was already reaching a point at which she 
wasn't sure she could take it. Why would he choose to put her like this, he knows this is a 
pretty severe position and these cuffs make it even worse than some of the others she'd 
worn during their games? She thought about it and began to wonder if he had some 
surprise up his sleeve. "He wouldn't just go off and leave me like this, it's just not like Glen 
to do something to me that borders on cruelty. These cuffs are starting to hurt." She said 
to herself as she sniffed and a small tear appeared in her eyes. She stiffened her back again 
and tugged ineffectually against her cuffs. "Maybe he's planning on coming home early 
today or maybe he didn't go to work at all and he'll be driving in any minute to let me out 
of these things." she theorized, still moving her hands and shoulders in attempts to lessen 
the discomfort. She thought about her guesses then the idea was dashed as she realized it 
was Monday and Glen's job was notoriously hectic on Mondays. He was responsible for 
five large buildings and the care and feeding of them could be a monumental task and 
things always had a way of piling up on the weekends that would require his full attention 
on the first day of the week. "There's no way he could take off today." she said in 
dejection. She then thought that maybe his plan was a repeat of what he had done to her 
the previous week, leaving her home alone in those high security handcuffs that she 
couldn't unlock till he called her and revealed where he had hidden the keys. With this 
thought came another unsettling one, "Even if I had the keys I don't think I can get out of 
these things." she said as she tried to look back at the restraints confining her hands behind 
her. She had examined the cuffs earlier in the mirror and didn't recall seeing the keyholes. 
Kathy was well aware that if the keyholes in a pair of hinged handcuffs were facing her 
arms instead of her hands that it was nearly impossible to get the key in without help. 
Added to that was the fact that her palms were turned out and even with the keys in hand 
she new perfectly well that she could never hope to unlock her cuffs and gain her freedom. 
"Oh shit, I've got to look at them." she said as she got up from her seat and made her way 
as fast as she dared back to the bathroom mirror. Her left foot slipped just as she rounded 
the corner of the bathroom door and she nearly fell. "Easy Kat, it's a long way down and it 
could hurt to fall cuffed up like this." she warned herself as she regained her balance and 
turned her back to the mirror and raised her hands high enough to give her a view of the 
things joining them..
Her response at seeing what she didn't want to see was another mournful groan. 
The keyholes were not on the bottom sides of her cuffs and were quite probably on the 
upper side or the side facing her arms and therefore out of sight and reach to their wearer. 
"Damn you Glen!" she wailed at her discovery. This clenched it for her, there was no way 
she could get those cuffs off unassisted, she was going to wear them for the entire day. 
The helpless brunette walked over to the mugs and stood long enough to drink most of 
the coffee. She glanced at the wall clock and down at the last mug, the one containing 
water. "At this rate I'm going to get very thirsty by six o'clock."
The captive walked back to the den and resumed her seat on the sofa. "Maybe 
some TV will distract me." she thought, but like everything else she'd tried since Glen had 
cuffed her earlier that morning, getting the remote in her hand and selecting the button to 
turn on the set was a challenge. She couldn't see the buttons and therefore had some 
difficulty pushing the right one to activate the TV. Just as she finally hit the correct one, 
the phone rang. Kathy made an instinctive movement to answer it when she realized that 
she couldn't. She sat and looked at the device as it rang and then decided to get up and see 
if the caller ID box would at least let her know who was calling. Just as she reached the 
box the phone stopped ringing but the number was still displayed long enough for her to 
see it was Glen's office phone. "You rat, did you really think I could pick up the phone, I 
can't even get my damned panties back on." she told the device as if it were actually her 
husband or that he could hear what she had to say through it. Kathy went back to her 
place on the couch and feeling behind her picked up the TV's remote and began flipping 
through channels. "Christ, one hundred and fifteen channels, you'd think daytime television 
could offer something for a handcuffed girl to watch." she said in disgust and selected the 
power button from memory and dropped the remote back on the cushion behind her.
"Oh damn, I want out of these things!" she nearly yelled at the empty house as she 
tried again to find a position that would allow her some little respite from her 
confinement's vigil over her freedom. Kat got up and walked back to the kitchen, took a 
sip of the water and was just turning around to head for the upstairs when she heard the 
noise made by the garage door going up. For a brief second she was elated, thinking it was 
Glen coming home to free her when she remembered the phone call. "It can't be him, he 
just called five minutes ago and it's a good half hour drive from his office. Oh shit, who's 
coming in the house?"
Kathy felt panicked, there was no one else with a remote that would open their 
garage door. If it opened, and she was certain of the sound, then a stranger now had 
access to the house. She'd heard of burglars that had devices that would open electric 
garage doors and would use them to gain entry into homes when they thought the owners 
were away. What if a burglar entered now and found her like this, helpless to defend 
herself or even dial the phone for help. Kathy couldn't even run and if she could, where 
would she hide? She stood, breathless watching the door that led into the garage from her 
vantage point in the kitchen and waited.

Part two
Kathy was holding her breath, afraid even to scream as she saw the door knob turn 
and heard the click as the latch was released. the door was pulled outward slowly and a 
blond head peered in, "Kat,,, Kathy, are you in here?" The handcuffed girl squealed with 
delight when she recognized the hair and voice of her best friend Kerri. "Kerri, oh God, 
Kerri am I glad it's you!" she said loudly as she started to make her way toward the 
unexpected but welcome visitor. "Kat! Holy shit!" the blond said as she saw Kathy's nude 
body approaching her from across the tiled floor. The noise from the steel shoes attracted 
her attention next and turned it from the Brunette'd nakedness to the brightly polished 
things adorning her feet. Kerri's eyes were wide with amazement as she surveyed the 
outrageous sight of her friend in what was surely the most bizarre condition she had ever 
seen a human before. "Kat, are you ok?" she asked when she couldn't think of anything 
else to say. "I'm fine, it's just that I was afraid that it was a burglar coming in, I knew it 
couldn't be Glen, he just called a few minutes ago and,,,,,,, how did you get an opener for 
our garage?" In her excitement she hadn't given any thought as to how Kerri had gained 
entry to their house. She stared at the blond in curious amazement awaiting a reply. Kerri 
giggled and then told her that Glen had hidden the remote in the shrubbery just outside the 
front door and had called her the night before to set up this joke. "He wanted to get you 
back for that little thing we pulled on him last Friday and he let me in on it. He said he was 
going to leave you in some form of restraint and let you think you were going to be in it 
for the whole day." Kathy began to see everything clearly now. She had been sure he 
wouldn't leave her alone in something he knew would most likely become too 
uncomfortable to tolerate for the day but had led her to think that he had and even though 
Kerri was here now, she was still locked in those tight handcuffs that were reaching the 
painful stage. "Does that mean you have the keys for these things?" she queried, turning 
around for her friend to see what was confining her hands behind her. In answer Kerri 
produced a small key ring from her jeans and said, "These what you're looking for?" 
"Ohhhh, thank Heavens, get me out of these, please!" When the blond didn't immediately 
respond she turned her head to look at her, "Kerri, come on, unlock me, these cuffs are 
starting to hurt." "Actually, I'm supposed to do something before I let you loose." she said 
with merriment in her voice. "What, what are you talking about, what are you and him up 
to? Kerri, I'm your friend, let me out of these handcuffs!" "Glen told me to put you in the 
cell, what ever that means, do you guys actually have a jail cell here?" Kathy spun around 
awkwardly in her heels and stared at Kerri. "He wants me in the cell, and he wants you to 
put me there?" "That's what he told me, really, do you have a cell, a real cell, you didn't 
show me that last week Kat." 
Kathy stood in confused awe of the situation she found herself in. Her very best 
friend had plotted with her husband against her and unless she went along with their plan it 
looked like she wouldn't be getting out of her restraints anytime soon. "Kerr, I didn't want 
you to think we were totally bonkers, showing you all of our restraints was enough for 
one night. I was afraid that if you saw the cell that you'd think we'd gone off the deep end 
and I'd loose you as a friend." Kerri stood, listening to her friend explain but she couldn't 
take her eyes off the brunettes body, her waist chain and cuffs or those outrageous things 
on her feet. Her eyes scanned the helpless female before she replied. "I wouldn't have 
thought any such thing, God Kat, didn't I let you put me in those leg stocks and get fucked 
by your husband? How could you think I'd believe you were crazy? So you really do have 
a cell? Where is it? I want to see." she said still dangling the keys to Kathy's cuffs on her 
index finger.
"Yes, it's downstairs, it was originally a wine cellar used by the previous owners of 
the house and Glen converted it into a cell. If you'll let me loose, I'll show you." "Show me 
first, Glen said you'd try to get out of those cuffs before I got you locked up but he gave 
me strict orders, you're supposed to be in the cell before I let you out of these." she said, 
touching the brunette's cuffs. "Strict orders, bull shit, Kerri, I want these off, now unlock 
me!" Kathy was starting to loose patients with this whole thing and even though Kerri was 
her closest friend she had had just about enough of the game that Glen and her had 
apparently planned to include her in. Kerri could read her mood but stuck to her guns, 
"Show me this cell, and I'll take those off." she said it sternly but with a hint of a tease in 
her voice that let Kathy know that it was really just a game and after all, she did have it 
coming for pulling that joke on Glen and fooling him into thinking he was with her when 
in fact it was Kerri. But Kerri had been just as much to blame for that little charade but he 
had elected to let her be in on his plans for revenge. 'That's not fair, you were in on that 
too, why isn't he getting you back along with me?"
'You'll have to ask him sweetie, right now I need to get you locked in a cell, now if 
you can walk down the stairs to the basement and show me where it is, I'll let you out of 
those handcuffs. My, they do look uncomfortable, I'll bet you'd do just about anything to 
get them off." she was teasing and obviously enjoying the power she had over her friend at 
that moment. "You know, having someone in handcuffs really gives you a lot of control 
doesn't it?" she asked as she took Kathy's arm and turned her towards the door to the 
basement. Kathy groaned again, just another in that long, continuing series of groans she 
had been making for the last hour and a half but let herself be propelled to what ever fate 
the blond had in store for her. What choice did she have? "Oh, by the way, I love those 
heels you're wearing but they look a little uncomfortable too, what are those, five, six 
inches high?" "Six, and I want them off too." Kathy said as the pair reached the basement 
door.
Moments later they reached the bottom of the stairs after a slow and careful 
descent due to Kathy's footwear. At the floor below they turned right instead of left that 
would have taken them back to the playroom where they had played the joke on Glen. The 
floor in this area of the basement was not carpeted and Kathy's steel shoes were loud 
against the cement under them. Just ahead was a standard wooden door which Kathy 
instructed her friend to open. Upon entering she told Kerri where the light switch was and 
as the room was illuminated The blond gasped at the sight of the steel barred door that 
stood in front of them. "Kat, my God, it is a cell!" she exclaimed as she stepped to look 
inside the tiny confinement that looked to be just a little larger than the walk-in closet in 
her apartment. She turned to face Kathy, wide eyed and with a grin spreading across her 
face. "You guys are into this even more than I thought, is it real, I mean if you're in there 
can you get out?"
"It's real Ker, believe me, if you're locked in there you stay until that door is 
unlocked. I know, I've tried to get out and it's impossible. The walls are concrete and the 
door came from a real jail. once it's locked it's locked for good and you can't get it open. 
Kerri continued to study the small area and pulled at the door which rolled back to allow 
entry into the cell. "Jesus, there's even a toilet!" she said in wonder as she peeked in to see 
the rear wall at the head of the low narrow cot. "Yeah, Glen installed that when he was 
doing the door. It used to have only that big oak door but found this cell door at a scrap 
metal yard. It came from the old city jail that they tore down a few years ago. Kerri, let 
me out of the cuffs now, pleeease?" Kathy turned to offer her hands to the blond who was 
still examining the tiny cubical.
"Ok, but you have to go in there first." "Kerrr-iiii, damn it, unlock these fucking 
handcuffs, now!" "Not until you get in that cell." Kerri said and playfully tossed the key 
ring onto the pillow of the cot at the far end and four steps away from the door. " Kerri, 
you little,, I'm going to get you for this, some how, some way, I'm going to get you and 
Glen back. I'm going in to get those keys, now don't close this door!" "Oooooo, I'm 
scared, you talk pretty brave for a handcuffed girl that wants me to let her loose." the 
blond was still enjoying her mastery over her friend. Kathy gave her a glare and stepped 
into the cell and had taken just two steps toward the end of the cot where the keys had 
landed when as she expected Kerri rolled the door closed which produced a solid "Clang" 
as it met the frame and it's lock snapped shut effectively trapping the brunette behind it's 
bars. 
Kathy spun at the noise and made an addition to her collection of groans but went 
on to retrieve the key ring. She had to turn and sit down on the cot and fumble blindly 
behind her but was finally successful at getting the bits of metal in her fingers and with 
some effort got back onto her feet for the short trip back to the cell door. "Ok, you got me 
in here, now unlock these cuffs and get the door key, it's right over there on the wall." 
Kerri reached in and took the keys for Kathy's handcuffs from her and turned her head in 
the direction that she had indicated. "I don't see any key, there's a hook there but no key." 
The brunette's eyes widened with Kerri's words. "You'd better be kidding, it's always 
there!" she was sounding desperate," Kerri, tell me you're not serious, there isn't a big 
brass key on that hook?" Kerri assured her that the hook was empty. "Kat, there must be 
another key, don't you have an extra somewhere?" Kathy's shoulders sagged despite her 
cuffed hands and waist chain with the realization that Glen had probably hidden or taken 
the cell key with him in the expectation that she would go in the cell and that Kerri would 
lock her in as directed. "No, there's only one key, Glen had it made when he found the 
door." He'd obviously planned his revenge very well and certainly in advance of that day. 
"Shit, ok, he's got me, now will you take these off?" She begged, again turning her back to 
her friend and offering her the cuffs for removal.
Kerri's inexperience with the workings of handcuffs caused some delay but finally 
the cuff on Kathy's left wrist fell open and the trapped girl swooned with the relief of being 
able to move her hand and arm in ways that had been denied her for nearly two hours. As 
she worked to free her friend Kerri asked, "Kat, are you really locked in there, you really 
can't get out?" "I told you Ker, without that door key there is no way out of here, look 
around on the floor, make sure he didn't just move it so we'd think it wasn't here" Kathy 
answered as she rubbed her wrists and rotated her hands getting the circulation moving 
again and relishing her freedom. Kerri did as she suggested and found nothing . The room 
surrounding the cell was as void of objects as one would expect to find in a real jail. 
Nothing for a prisoner to use as a tool or weapon and certainly no keys left carelessly 
lying around . Kathy was now a prisoner, free of her handcuffs but locked behind steel 
bars and her husband was the only one who knew where the key to the door was. 'That ass 
hole, he's planned this, I know him, he knew exactly what he was doing and I fell right into 
his trap, and you, you played right along with him so you're as much of an ass as he is." 
Kathy told her friend only half serious. "Now is that any way to talk to the person that just 
took your cuffs off for you, I could always put them back on you know." she returned the 
friendly banter and held the manacles up to make her point. 'Fat chance blondie, you'll 
have to get in here with me to even try to get those back on, and you can't get the door 
open so that's not going to happen."
"I can get the door open." both girls jumped at the unexpected sound of a male 
voice and Kerri spun around just in time to be grabbed by Glen as he inserted the key into 
the cell door lock. She squealed and tried to break away but his strength was far too great 
and he had little difficulty pushing her through the half open door and holding it so his 
wife couldn't slip past. Kathy's slippery pumps kept her from making a good effort at 
stopping him from getting Kerri into the cell with her and in a half moment he rolled the 
door closed once again and again the loud 'Clang" announced that the trap had sprung and 
he now had not one, but two prisoners.
"Now isn't that a pretty picture, two little pranksters, one a blond the other a 
brunette, all locked up nice and snug in their little cell together?" Two female voices filled 
the room with protests as he stood, grinning at the sight of the pair of inmates pulling and 
tugging at the bars that kept them inside their tiny prison. "Glen, you bastard, let us out of 
here!" wailed Kathy. "Glen, I helped you get her in here, why are you doing this to me, 
come on, open this door!" Kerri whined as she put her face against the bars and peered 
out at the man that had just taken away any freedoms she had. "You two had your fun last 
week, now it's my turn. I've got to get back to the office so you girls have fun and I'll see 
you around six. Oh, here Kat, you'll probably want these." he said as he slid her cigarettes 
across the floor and her lighter followed close behind. They came to rest just outside the 
bars of the door but within easy reach from inside the cell. He ignored the chorus of 
squeals and yells from his prisoners as he closed the door of the outer room behind him 
and left the two to what ever they could find to occupy the time till he returned some six 
hours away. 
After several minutes of continuous yells from the trapped duo they realized that 
he was probably serious and had in fact left them locked in the cell together and wouldn't 
return till much later in the evening. They grew quiet and stood at the bars looking out at 
freedom just inches away. "Now what?" Kerri asked as her eyes scanned the blank walls 
that surrounded her. 'Now we sit, unless you can think of a way to get this door open, we 
sit, and wait for him to get home. She reached out through the bars and retrieved her 
smokes and offered the blond one before lighting her first of the day. The two women sat 
together on the cot and contemplated the steel bars that held them prisoner. "At least I 
have clothes on." Kerri snickered as she made her first reference to her friend's nakedness. 
"Yeah, but you don't have stainless steel shoes like mine." The two began to giggle which 
turned into laughter that lasted for several moments. "We probably deserve this you 
know?" Kerri said. "Yeah, we probably do,,, but wasn't it fun earning it?" Kathy replied as 
she grinned at her cellmate.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Klick(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





