BDSM Library - Windfall




Windfall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A blackmailed clerk helps her master in a business venture.
Wind FallWind Fall
By Rebelman
 
 
Darrel James had waited patiently for this day. He had confronted Peggy almost 
two months earlier with the info he collected on her forgery scheme. When he 
revealed the evidence to her she crumbled quickly as there was no obvious way 
out. Little by little he had taken more and more control. First he had insisted 
she continue college as well as quit her job. She had no family to interfere and 
friends were minimal since she worked all the hours school would allow. He had 
moved her into his home and had given her money for clothes and tuition. His 
entire plan hinged on her becoming dependent on him and making her servitude 
seem much better than her alternative of jail. Today was special as he planned 
to move Peggy to the next level. Darrel had been patient with her sexually 
because of the availability of another slave he had recently gotten rid of. Now 
he intended to claim his full rights and enjoy her to the fullest. 
When he arrived home she was in the kitchen cooking. Peggy had willingly 
followed his orders the last few months, as it had been easier to please him 
than her boss at her old job. All she had to do was keep the house neat and cook 
every evening. The only other stipulation was to keep her grades at the 3.65 she 
had struggled to maintain throughout her five long years of college. Tonight 
Darrel was about to increase her responsibilities.
"Peggy, come here," he called out as he entered the door.
She bounded around the corner and smiled as he came into view, "Hello Sir, 
dinner will be on the table in five minutes."
"Come with me first," he said as he walked toward the spacious den. The house 
was enormous and elegantly decorated with hints of a female's presence 
everywhere. Darrell turned and watched her delicate frame draw nearer before 
stopping her in the middle of the room. "Take off your clothes for me Peggy," he 
said as he sat heavily into an overstuffed chair. 
Peggy stood motionless for a moment not sure if she had heard correctly. 
"Wha...what sir?" she stammered.
"I said take off your clothes. Put them on the coffee table when you are 
finished." He sounded very matter of factly and his demeanor puzzled Peggy. He 
had never touched her but she had known this day would come eventually. She 
stood rather defeated and began to slowly unbutton her blouse. It took a while 
to get to the last one but she finally did and pulled the material away 
revealing her bra covered breasts and flat stomach. 
"Don't stop," he prodded causing her to jump back to reality. She tugged at the 
fastener on her skirt and it fell away uncovering her well-proportioned thighs. 
Darrel sat forward in anticipation as she reached behind her and began to 
unclasp her bra. Letting the straps slide from her shoulders she held the cups 
briefly before letting the material fall onto the rapidly growing pile. Finally 
Peggy hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her thin panties and slid them 
down her legs. Completely naked she stood before him trying to cover her breasts 
and pussy the best she could.
"Go finish dinner," he waved her off and picked up the TV remote. Standing nude 
in front of him Peggy felt shame wash over her body. She also felt a little hurt 
in an odd way because he had not forced himself on her. She was glad that he 
hadn't tried any more though and grabbed at her clothes so she could continue 
with dinner.
"Leave them," he said suddenly, "you won't be needing clothes around here much 
anymore." Peggy blushed brightly and released the handful of skirt before 
straightening up and scurrying out of the room. Darrel pretended to ignore her 
but watched her ass intently as is it swayed seductively back toward the 
kitchen.
They ate in silence while Peggy sat blushing most of the time. He had finally 
made her stop covering herself and now she shifted in her seat uncomfortably as 
he eyed her displayed breasts. When the meal was over he moved into the living 
room again leaving her to clean up. Twenty minutes later she emerged from the 
kitchen.
"May I have my clothes now, Sir." She seemed a little upset with him.
"No you may not," he replied, "and if your attitude doesn't change you may never 
get them back." Peggy stopped short as Darrel turned to her, "you belong to me, 
I own you. You are aware that I can put you in jail at any time and ruin your 
life forever." She was well aware of that fact at all times. "You are here to 
please me any way I see fit and right now I want to see you sucking my dick."
Peggy took in a sharp breath as he said this. She knew from the looks he was 
always giving her it was inevitable but now that the moment had arrived she was 
afraid. He motioned to her and she quietly moved in front of him and dropped to 
her knees. Opening his pants she fished around until she found his hard cock and 
pulled it out. She gasped at the size before tentatively kissing the head.
"You do know to suck cock don't you?" he asked smiling down at her. Actually she 
had a few boyfriends she had agreed to oral sex with but none had a cock this 
size. She opened her mouth as wide as she could and stretched over the head. 
Moving slowly Peggy managed to get most of it in her mouth and began to bob up 
and down rhythmically. Running her tongue along the bottom she gagged slightly 
as the shaft thickened even more. The continuing motion was having quite an 
effect on Darrel as he began to moan on every stroke. He grabbed a handful of 
hair and gently pushed and pulled in time to her efforts. As he began to climax 
he held her tightly and bucked wildly into her as he came deep into her mouth. 
Peggy choked the warm liquid down in an effort to continue breathing. She could 
not move as he was still clutching her hair making it impossible to drop his 
rapidly softening cock. Finally he let her go and his deflated dick popped from 
her mouth. "From now on you will not wear anything while you are in this house 
unless I say differently. Do you understand?" Peggy shook her head solemnly as 
the realization hit her. She would be his private whore forever and there was 
nothing she could do about it.
 
 
 
 
Darrel sat quietly only half listening as Bob drabbled on about nothing. Bob was 
a bank officer on the same level as Darrel but at a different location. The two 
frequently had lunch together but today Darrel had other things on his mind. He 
had acquired a large sum of cash that had to be laundered somehow. Using the 
bank he worked at was out of the question. He had to find a business that 
handled large sums of cash legally. 
"Prescott Manly was in today," Bob was saying, "he must be back in town for a 
while." Darrel was suddenly alert. Prescott Manly was a well-known tycoon that 
moved from city to city building his empire.
"What did he want?" Darrel probed.
"He opened a line of credit and get this," Bob paused dramatically, "he paid for 
the penthouse suite at the Wilkins Arms Hotel for a month in advance! Do you 
know what that costs?" He was obviously pleased he had some information that 
sparked Darrel's interest. 
"A lot I'm sure," Darrel mumbled. From then on he tuned out Bob and began 
working on a plan.
 
 
 
Peggy walked toward the man in the lobby that Darrel had pointed out. She looked 
quite sexy in her tight fitting dress as she "accidentally" bumped into Prescott 
Manly. "Oh, I'm sorry," she said. Her embarrassed look came naturally as she 
really was. 
"That's OK," came the reply. Prescott turned to look at her and suddenly a smile 
crept across his face. "Are you in a hurry my dear?" He took in her full beauty 
blatantly making her blush even more.
"No Sir, I'm just going to lunch." She recited the lines Darrel had given her.
"So am I," His smile broadened, "care to join me."
"Well, OK," she wondered how Darrel knew what he was going to say, "if I'm not 
being a bother."
"Not at all, the restaurant is this way." He took her gently by the arm and 
moved her in that direction.
Darrel followed at a safe distance and sat at a table across the room. He was 
confident Peggy would do as he said but this was too big to let her screw up. He 
knew his presence would keep her on her best behavior. He ordered lunch and 
waited patiently while watching Peggy and Prescott. To his right he kept hearing 
a clicking noise and turned to see a cute girl taking pictures. He watched her 
carefully and realized Prescott was the target. 
Being careful not to attract attention he finished eating quickly and moved to 
the door. By the time the photographer emerged he was waiting behind the wheel 
of his car. He followed her beat-up camero through town to where she finally 
stopped at a run down studio. The faded sign above the door read Sarah Jackson 
Photography. Darrel sighed deeply. As if he hadn't enough to do, now he had to 
research this pesky photographer.
 
 
 
 
Peggy bounded across the floor to answer the ringing phone. Her naked breasts 
bobbed seductively with every move.
"Hello," it was Darrel.
"How did it go?" he asked. "Did he say anything that I should know?"
"Um, I, uh, I don't know," she stammered, obviously afraid she didn't have the 
info he needed, "he only got one call during lunch."
"What did he say?"
"Um, hang on," Darrel could hear her digging in her purse, "he said, research 
tract 1, 2. I need it by next week." She stopped momentarily, "Then he said, no 
the Pearson is the only one at the corner, just find out." She stopped again 
waiting for a response, "I'm sorry Sir he didn't say anything else about 
business."
Darrel snapped back from his thoughts, "You did great Peggy. I am proud of you 
for taking exact notes, it helps a great deal." He could hear her sign in 
relief. "Don't cook tonight, I want to take you out. Wear the blue dress with 
garters."
"Yes Sir," she answered happily. 
"And Peggy  shave your pussy for me." He heard her gasp, "Be ready by eight," he 
added before hanging up.
The Pearson tract had to be a realty property in the city. Prescott must have an 
inside scoop on something about to happen with zoning. He drove to the 
courthouse and spent the next two hours going through every realty property 
linked to Pearson. He came up with five properties with that name but only two 
that he felt were large enough to interest Prescott. The land was in an area 
outside the city that had yet to be developed. It was a long shot but he felt 
confident in Peggy's information. Darrel copied all the info he needed before 
leaving for home.
She paced nervously in the living room waiting for Darrel. It wasn't eight yet 
but she had been waiting for the last 15 minutes just in case he got away early. 
She had shaved her pussy as he requested and the effect on her was very erotic. 
As Peggy walked her bald pussy began to heat up in a way she never thought 
possible. She was horny and to make it worse, she wanted Darrel. It was insane 
to feel this way especially since he had basically abducted her. Peggy had to 
admit he had been extremely nice to her and for the first time in a while she 
had no major responsibilities. The removal of the financial burdens alone had 
made her feel free. Ironic considering the predicament she was in. 
Finally a car pulled up the drive and into the garage. Peggy became very nervous 
as she realized the car in the garage was not Darrel's. It sounded different 
with a lower exhaust tone and the engine revved a bit before being cut off. She 
knew cars and that was a V8 sound, definitely not the import that she was 
expecting. Peggy stood motionless in the living room as the door opened. She 
almost fainted as Darrel walked into the room.
He grinned when he saw her face. "Honey, I'm home," he laughed. "Come see my new 
toy." She followed him into the garage to find a late model blue and white Trans 
Am. Her heart leapt to her throat as she looked longingly at him. She had talked 
about this car to him for the longest time and now she was afraid he was 
tormenting her.
He laughed at her again, "it's yours." Her hands went to her face and she began 
shaking. She ran to him and pressed her body against his in an attempt to show 
her gratitude.
"Thank you so much Sir," she was starting to cry now so he pulled away and 
shooed her to the bathroom to get ready to go.
She returned a few minutes later and Darrel let her have the keys. "You drive 
tonight." She giggled as she started the car and moved out the driveway.
Dinner was an experience as Peggy snuggled next to him without his having to 
ask. She rubbed against him seductively the entire time and on the way home 
threw glances his way and would blush profusely when he looked at her.
She pulled into the garage and closed the door with the remote. Peggy sat 
quietly lost in her own thoughts while gently caressing the leather steering 
wheel. Darrel got out of the car and walked to the front waiting on her to get 
out.
"Come here," he said. He laughed at the effect of the car as she ran her fingers 
across the fender as she drew closer to him. "Stop," he said suddenly, "strip 
for me." Peggy slid the straps off her shoulder letting the dress fall to the 
floor. She stepped out of the garment before quickly removing her bra and 
panties. Now naked, she dropped her hands to her side and moved closer to him. 
Moving to her knees she began removing his pants.
"May I suck your cock Sir?" The question took him by surprise but he nodded to 
her. She slid her hands along his thighs before tugging his pants down to reveal 
his hard dick. Not hesitating, she trapped it between her lips and sucked at the 
head softly before taking the entire length down her throat. Peggy swirled her 
tongue around his cock head as she pulled back, staying for an instant before 
swallowing it slowly back down again. 
It only took a few minutes of this to get Darrel worked up to the bursting 
point. He pulled her up firmly and pressed her against the hood of the car. She 
laid back and spread her legs invitingly, her now bald pussy gleaming with her 
juices. He rubbed the head against her wet slit as Peggy let out a load moan. 
With an easy fluid motion he stroked deeply into her until his balls rested 
against her butt. Her face had a look of passion etched into it that made him 
want her even more. He kissed her deeply and to his delight she returned it with 
an unexpected intensity. He stroked into her increasingly harder and faster 
until they both climaxed in a tangled mass of hot flesh on the car hood.
"Like the car?" he teased her.
"More than you can ever know Sir," she smiled brightly back at him.
 
 
 
Darrel awoke early the next morning. He kissed Peggy's forehead gently before 
dragging himself out of bed. He dressed quickly and headed for the door. Getting 
to the garage he realized he would have to take Peggy's old clunker since he had 
left his car at the bank. He made a few calls along the way to insure he had the 
phone numbers he needed to close the land deal.
Darrel spent the entire day making plans to buy the property. Arranging the 
finances would be relatively easy and by the end of the day he was well 
prepared. He called the owner at 3pm and by 5pm the two of them were sitting in 
a coffee shop. The man had been planning to sell and already finished the survey 
making it a simple matter of negotiating the price. An hour later all the 
paperwork was finished adding to Darrel's possession 68 acres of real estate he 
had never seen. It was a $260,000 gamble he was hoping would pay off. Heading 
home he suddenly remembered that Peggy would be on a date with Prescott. Turning 
the car toward downtown he headed for the photography shop to do a little 
research. 
 
 
Prescott Manly was almost ready when he heard the soft knock at the door. He 
moved across the room to open it revealing the innocent young Peggy.
"Well hello my dear," he smiled at her. Cute, blushing and prompt; how could he 
go wrong. "Ready to go?"
"Yes Sir," Peggy stood uneasily in the doorway. Darrel had drilled into her the 
importance of making this man happy. 'Everything depends on this,' he had said, 
'how it goes will coincide with your willingness to do as he says.' She was not 
too keen on the idea of pleasing Prescott but the alternative of jail appealed 
even less. She knew that even after last night Darrel was capable of dropping 
her in an instant.
"Lets go then," said Prescott bringing her back to reality, "we have 
reservations for eight." Dinner went well save the lack of information Darrel 
needed. She followed her instructions to not ask anything about Prescott's work 
for fear of making him suspicious. Finally the part she had dreaded all evening 
came as she was invited into his suite. She accepted trying to look enthused 
while brushing past him.
"Care for a drink?" he asked.
"No Sir," she replied, " I don't drink alcohol."
He poured himself one before moving closer to her. "Do you like me Peggy?" there 
was something in his tone that scared her.
"I  uh yes Sir," she hesitated.
"Then I would like you to get comfortable," he smiled. Prescott moved closer 
still and kissed her lightly on the lips. Putting down his drink he herded her 
into the bedroom. She did not resist his advances as he kissed his way down her 
neck. He pulled at the hem of her dress revealing more and more flesh as he 
went. Becoming bolder at her lack of resistance he tugged the dress over her 
head before fumbling with the bra clasp. She blushed profusely as her breasts 
sprang free and then gasped as Prescott bit at one of her nipples. 
Peggy bit her lip and tried not to resist as he groped her entire body like a 
horny teenager. Her panties came off next as Prescott unceremoniously shoved her 
onto the bed. Within seconds he was inside her thrusting with wild abandon and 
grunting like an animal. Three minutes later he rolled off and fell asleep 
leaving her pussy dripping with his cum. She got up slowly and walked to the 
bathroom to shower before lying back down beside him on the bed. It was hours 
later before she fell asleep.
The alarm went off at six am waking Prescott. He looked over at Peggy and smiled 
as she lay there. She had not resisted anything making him power hungry beyond 
anything he had ever felt. He nudged her awake and on a whim said, "Go get the 
paper from the hall for me Peggy."
She rubbed her eyes sleepily and slid out of bed, "yes Sir." She looked around 
the room and spotting a robe headed in its direction.
"You don't need a robe dear," he grinned wickedly, "besides, you look fine." She 
stopped short but instead of saying anything Peggy simply turned for the front 
door. Prescott had not expected this and sat up amused while the naked girl made 
her way across the room and peeked out the front door. Convinced no one was 
nearby she opened the door and quickly grabbed the paper before coming back to 
the bedroom.
"Why thank you," he quipped. This was becoming more interesting by the second. 
He was about to try more when the cell phone rang.
"Yes  no, no I'm up already," He climbed out of bed and moved to the other room. 
"Well find whomever bought it and buy it from them. It's not like the property 
is gone, just get it done," now he was pacing while listening to the other 
person. "I've already told you to go to 1.3, if that's not enough call me and 
I'll decide." He hung up suddenly and started for the bathroom almost surprised 
to see the naked girl still on the bed. "Oh, um, Peggy I want to see you tonight 
at seven," he continued on and closed the bathroom door before she could even 
answer.
 
 
He swung the gloved fist as hard as he could and was rewarded with the sound of 
a sickening thud. The fist contacted directly at the man's temple, knocking him 
to the sidewalk unconscious. Darrel picked up the briefcase the fallen man had 
been carrying and strolled nonchalantly to his car and drove away.
Darrel had followed the photographer the entire night. She had gone to the hotel 
across the street from Prescott's and spent a lot of time taking pictures from 
the balcony. She then returned to the studio and at 6am left again. She led him 
to a small restaurant that served breakfast and met with a man in a business 
suit. He watched through the window as the two exchanged envelopes and then the 
woman got up abruptly and walked out. 
Knowing he could find her easily he had opted to take the briefcase and find out 
what was there. He assumed the pictures were the prizes and a quick look into 
case confirmed it. The most interesting contents though, were finical documents 
that he recognized as foreign bank accounts. Prescott's name was all over the 
information making Darrel realize he had a gold mine. He had stumbled onto a 
blackmail scheme that would no doubt put Prescott in a very vulnerable position. 
Darrel sat back and pondered the briefcase. How could he use this to his 
advantage was the question now.
He drove to the photography studio and walked up to the door. It was locked so 
he simply drove his shoulder against it and knocked it open. Proceeding to the 
back he found her groggily trying to pull a robe on. She swung at him but he 
dodged the punch easily and backhanded her across the mouth. She fell heavily to 
the floor and looked up at him in wide-eyed fear. 
"What is your name," he asked firmly.
"Donna," she was slowly beginning to regain her composure, "what the fuck do you 
want?" Darrel immediately slapped her again causing her lip to bleed.
"I'm not in the mood for this shit," he mumbled to himself. "What is your last 
name damnit."
"Culpit," she said quickly hoping to avoid another blow.
"I'm very tired so I'm going to tell you straight. I have the briefcase of the 
man that paid you today. I know all about your pictures and the scam for 
blackmail. He's going to drop you like a bad habit," Darrel let it sink in 
before continuing. "He told me you set the whole thing up and considering his 
position who do you think the police will believe?" He was guessing but from the 
look on her face he knew it was true.
"What do you want?" She understood her problem and she knew men as well. Donna 
was no virgin and if all he wanted was a piece of ass that was fine with her. It 
would be a lot better than going back to jail.
"I want you to do as I say, whenever I say it," Darrel stated simply. 
"For how long?" she shot back.
"Until you're off parole," he was really taking a big chance here but he had a 
hunch.
"Fuck! That's four years asshole!" She was beginning to get worried at the 
amount of info he had on her.
Darrel smiled another good guess. "It's your choice. You can do the time in or 
out." He laughed as she shifted nervously, he had her now.
"Take that robe off," he didn't want to give her time to think about it. She 
stripped down revealing a tight, hard body that could only have come from years 
of working out. "Now get over here and suck my cock."
She moved to him and dropped to her knees pulling at his belt on the way down. 
Donna began blowing him with a practiced ease making him squirm with delight. 
She was obviously experienced so he pushed her away. "Get on your knees," he 
ordered.
"OK," she said and was rewarded with a quick kick to her thigh. "Damnit, I said 
OK."
"When you speak to me you say, 'Yes Sir'."
"Fuck that," she quipped but Darrel had his belt out now, making her regret the 
remark. She could handle a lot but pain was not one of them. The belt whistled 
through the air and landed with a loud smack on her ass. "AHHHHHH," she 
screamed, but the belt was already landing again. She tried to crawl away but he 
kicked her over.
"Get up on your knees bitch," he growled at her.
"YES SIR," she screamed as she scrambled to her knees. She stayed very still and 
hoped the belt would not hit her again.
"Reach back and spread your ass," he demanded. He wanted to see if she was 
faking or if she really had a low pain tolerance. She immediately pulled her 
checks apart to reveal her small anus. 'Hmmmm,' Darrel thought to himself, 'very 
low pain tolerance.'
He fell in behind her and began forcing his cock into her ass. She was trembling 
now making sobbing noises as he pressed the head against her. He pushed hard and 
the end of his dick disappeared into her as she started to moan. "Please don't 
do this Sir," she cried as he fucked into her slowly.
"Tell you what," he grinned, "make it good and I won't fuck you in the ass 
again." She moaned loadly and tried to increase her efforts but the pain was too 
great.
"Please Sir, it hurts too much!" she whined to no avail. 
"Beg for it bitch," he taunted her, "tell me how much you like being my ass 
slave."
"Ohhhhhhh, Sir please fuck my ass," Donna was sobbing loudly, "Ahhhhh, pl please 
fuck your ass slut. Cum in my tight ass Sir, please cum!"
Darrel had a look of ecstasy on his face as he impaled her relentlessly. Finally 
he began to shoot his cum into her. He fell forward pushing her flat against the 
floor with his cock still embedded deeply in her ass. 
"You will do exactly as I say or you will end up in jail for a very long time," 
he hissed evilly into her ear.
__________________________________________________________________
 
Peggy shivered as she stood with her hands at her sides. She was totally naked 
in Prescott's suite and he was circling her like a ravenous vulture.
"I have something for you," he smiled revealing a small gift box. He moved in 
front of Peggy and opened it for her to see. Inside where two gold bracelets not 
nearly large enough to slip over her wrist. "Don't worry," he said seeing her 
confusion, "they'll fit." He took out a small tool and opened one. She stood 
motionless as he slipped them over each wrist and snapped them shut. They were 
still loose fitting just not big enough to come off.
"There is a skirt on the bed. Put it on and your heels," Prescott was 
practically drooling as she went to the other room. When she returned a few 
minutes later she had on the tight black skirt that barely covered her ass. 
"Put your hands behind your back Peggy," he pulled a tiny lock from his pocket 
and connected the two bracelets with it. "Now we're ready to go out," he laughed 
as she turned a bright red. He moved over to the door and grabbed a long jacket 
to drape over her shoulders. He buttoned the top button before practically 
dragging the terrified Peggy to the door.
Once in the limo the top button was undone on the jacket. Prescott groped her 
the entire way to the club and left the jacket open as he helped her struggle 
out of the car. Every step she took revealed one breast or the other and the 
skin from her throat to her navel was exposed at all times. They found a table 
at the back of the large dance club and yelled their drink orders over the 
blaring music.
By the time the drinks came the jacket had been slipped off and she was trying 
to hide her bare breasts behind the table. The waitress gave her a nasty look 
and stomped away while Prescott just laughed. As the night wore on he got more 
and more drunk as he swilled both their drinks since she could not move her 
hands. The waitress turned over the table to another girl that seemed intrigued 
by her predicament. She even 'accidentally' spilled a drink on Peggy making her 
shiver as the ice-cold liquid splashed across her breasts. Prescott, thinking 
this was hilarious, slapped the table in drunken abandon laughing at her plight. 

"May I go to the bathroom Sir," she yelled to him over the music.
"Sure," he smiled at her lecherously, "right after you blow me." Peggy was 
already dying of embarrassment but to blow him now would totally humiliate her 
beyond anything she could imagine. She sat quietly for a few minutes as the 
desire to pee and clean off the alcohol worked on her. Finally Peggy relented.
"Sir, please undo the lock so I can suck your dick," she asked pathetically. If 
she were to lie across the booth she may be able to hide her actions. 
"No need for that," he cackled, "I'll pull it out for you." He unzipped his fly 
and produced his semi-hard cock for her. She sighed before leaning over the 
booth only to be stopped by his hand. "Get on your knees Peggy." 
She stopped short as a gasp escaped her lips. After a moment she slid to the 
floor and scrabbled in between his legs. She caught his cock in her mouth and 
began to suck the best she could knowing anyone in the club could see her. As 
she worked the waitress reappeared.
"Another drink Sir?" she asked as she kicked at Peggy's heel.
"That would be fine," he groaned as his cock throbbed in the girl's mouth.
"And another for the, um, Miss Tits?" she mocked the helpless woman.
Prescott rolled with laughter, "No, Miss Tits is working at getting her own 
drink." They both laughed loudly, making Peggy feel even more ashamed of her 
situation. Practically naked and sucking cock in a public club she felt like a 
common street whore. Finally he began to shake as he jerked at her hair, spewing 
his cum down her throat. He pulled out so the last few shots hit her squarely in 
the face. 
She was allowed to get back up on the seat after a few minutes, "Now may I go to 
the bathroom?" she asked. 
He glanced at her face that was covered with cum and laughed at her plight 
again. "Sure, go ahead," he chuckled
"Sir, will you please undo the lock so I can go?" 
"Noooooopersss," he slurred, "but I'll put the jacket back on ya so we don't get 
kicked out." He pushed the jacket over her shoulder as she stood. She stood 
there waiting for him to button it. After a few minutes she realized he wasn't 
going to close the coat. She turned slowly and headed across the dance floor 
praying the jacket would stay in place. 
The bathroom was over run with women as she entered. Many had seen her lured 
activities and they gave her go-to-hell looks as she entered. Finding an empty 
stall she had to push the door open with her breasts. She managed to hike up her 
skirt and sat on the toilet to relieve herself. She sat for a long time hoping 
to avoid any more humiliation. She finally struggled to her feet and tried to 
pull her skirt back down. The door had to be opened in so she hooked her foot 
under it and swung it open. As she tried to get out, the door closed on the 
jacket causing it to fall to the floor.
Peggy stood motionless as all eyes turned to her. Her nipples were erect from 
the cold and her face blushed hotly in shame as many of the women muttered 
curses under their breath. Others spoke out in shock, "Slut," said one as Peggy 
tried to kneel down and pick up the coat with her bound hands. She was 
struggling to get hold of it when a pair of heels appeared in front of her. 
Looking up she found herself under the wicked stare of the waitress.
"Having problems Miss Tits," she taunted the poor girl.
"Please, can you help me get this back on?" Peggy begged. Many of the women had 
left and no one else seemed eager to talk to the practically naked girl.
"Sure," the waitress grinned evilly. She helped Peggy up and grabbed the jacket 
before forcing her back into the stall. She reached under the short skirt ad 
felt her way up until her hand rested against Peggy's bald pussy. "Ah," she 
mused, " a serious slut."
She continued to rub before parting the folds of the embarrassed girl's pussy 
and running a finger across the clit. Peggy was shocked at the way her body 
responded to her touch. Suddenly her knees were weak and she leaned heavily 
against the waitress as her tender bud was probed expertly. She moaned in 
passion as she neared her climax but the woman quickly pulled away.
"Not yet," she smiled, "do me first and then I'll finish you."
Peggy didn't understand how she could stroke the woman's pussy with her hands 
behind her back. The waitress had other things on her mind. "Get on your knees," 
she ordered as she began to pull up her skirt. The captive fell to the floor and 
her head was quickly pulled into the other woman's crouch. She had never been 
with another female but the excitement of being pushed to the edge of climax had 
her ready to try anything. She licked at the pussy in front of her tentatively 
but quickly escalated her efforts.
"Oh yes," moaned the horny waitress, "lick that cunt bitch." She began to buck 
wildly as she neared her climax, tugging Peggy's hair as she writhed in ecstasy. 
Finally she released the girl and helped her to her feet. She giggled at Peggy's 
cum covered face before kissing her gently. She reached down and strummed the 
bound girl's clit until Peggy began to orgasm from her efforts. The girl shook 
violently at the release and collapsed into the waitress's arms.
After a few more minutes Peggy was cleaned up and the jacket draped back over 
her shoulders by the very contented employee. She steadied herself and made her 
way back across the dance floor to Prescott. 
"Took fucking long enough," he growled, "its time to go." He stood up and 
grabbed her arm roughly as he staggered past her toward the door. Once outside 
he ripped the jacket off her revealing her nudity to anyone passing by on the 
street. Pushing her forward he left the it on the ground as they proceeded to 
the car. Reaching the door he opened it before the driver could get there and 
slung her inside. 
"Home James," he laughed obnoxiously. He tumbled onto Peggy as the driver closed 
the door behind them. He pawed at her drunkenly for a while as the limo sped 
along the streets. Flipping her onto her stomach he probed at her ass with his 
fingers. 
"I'm going to fuck that sweet little butt of yours my dear," he panted. Pulling 
her asschecks apart he dropped in behind her and shoved his semi-hard cock 
against her anus. She screamed at the assault but it only spurred him on. Even 
though his cock wasn't that big it hurt indescribably as he bore down with all 
his weight to get it in. Her virgin hole tightened at the onslaught and finally 
the screaming Peggy tried to flip onto her back to fight him off. As she turned 
her heel caught Prescott in the head and he fell into a heap onto the seat. 
Backing across the floor of the limo she hunched curled in ball against the 
partition. 
After a few minutes to calm down she scooted over to the unconscious man and 
fumbled around in his pockets for the key to the tiny lock. Finding it she 
struggled to get the bracelets apart in her awkward position. For the first time 
in hours she brought her hands in front of her and rubbed her sore wrists. Still 
basically naked Peggy realized she would need something to cover herself so she 
could get to the suite and retrieve her purse. She tugged Prescott's suit coat 
off him and put it on as the car came to a stop. Searching around the pockets 
she found the room key and climbed out of the limo.
"He's exhausted," she told the driver, "why don't you let him sleep it off a bit 
before waking him." The driver nodded and closed the car door leaving the drunk 
inside.
 
 
Darrel pulled the envelope from his safe and sat behind the desk. He poured the 
contents out and began looking through the info on Peggy. She had been extremely 
helpful in this deal with Prescott. He had always made sure she was out with the 
jerk before he called the lawyer to negotiate. The lawyer immediately relayed 
the message to Prescott in front of Peggy and she relayed his reaction and 
comments back to me. Today the deal had gone through for $1.5 million. Prescott 
and the lawyers met with him and the deal was signed. Darrel had walked away 
with the money and still had 22 acres of land to boot. Prescott had even invited 
Darrel to dinner tonight.
He looked over the evidence he had on Peggy and sighed. He was going to miss her 
but it had to be done. Shoving the contents back into the envelope he stood up 
abruptly and headed for the door grabbing the briefcase on his way out. 
 
Prescott was already waiting when Darrel walked into the restaurant. They shook 
hands before being seated at their table.
"I apologize," Prescott started, " my companion is usually on time."
"Quite all right," Darrel replied, "I'm in no hurry." It was only a minute later 
when Peggy came quietly to the table.
"Ah, here she is now," Prescott smiled, "Darrel James I would like you to meet 
Peggy." Darrel smiled as Peggy sat down.
"I have something for you," Darrel said while putting the briefcase on the 
table. He turned it around for Prescott to open.
"I have one," Prescott grinned at the briefcase.
"Not one filled like this."
He opened the case and began to look over the files inside. The blood drained 
from Prescott's face as he realized the significance of the documents. "What do 
you want?" he demanded.
"I want nothing except for our business relationship to continue," Darrel said 
simply. "There are no more copies and the name of the person that gathered the 
information is in the bottom file."
Prescott found the file and opened it. "That little shit!" he fumed as he 
obviously recognized the name. He was quiet for a minute as he contemplated the 
files. He composed himself before turning back to Darrel. "Well, Mr. James, you 
seem to have done me quite a favor." He was fishing to see Darrel's real 
motives. 
"I just have an eye for details," grinned Darrel. He took out an envelope and 
slid it across the table, "here's something else you might find interesting."
Prescott opened the package and shuffled through the contents. He glanced at 
Peggy and then sat the envelope down. "Is there anything else?" he was getting a 
lot to absorb in a short time.
"Nothing I am aware of," Darrel replied. "The person that took those was helping 
the blackmailer set you up." Darrel took out his cell and made a quick call. 
Several minutes later Donna Culpit came to the table.
"Prescott Manly meet Donna Culpit." he introduced them casually, "She is your 
photographer." Prescott sat back in his chair trying to take in the situation. 
"You might also be interested in knowing," Darrel continued, "that she has four 
more years on parole. She has confided in me that she would do anything to keep 
from going back to jail." Donna lowered her head as the final piece of the 
puzzle fell into place for Prescott. "The pictures in the envelope are the only 
copies and I do not intend to leak any of this. Besides," Darrel smiled broadly, 
"I would like to do business again."
Prescott began to relax as he took the hint, "well I just happen to be working 
on a deal that I might need your help on. I can always use a man with your 'eye 
for detail'. Now if you will excuse me I would like to discuss a few things with 
Miss Culpit." He rose from the table and shook Darrel's hand briefly before 
leading Donna out of the restaurant. No one would have suspected how anxious he 
was to experiment with pierced nipples.
 
 
 
Darrel opened the door and let Peggy breeze in past him. She was relieved that 
she would not have to see Prescott again but at the same time she wondered what 
was on Darrel's mind. The drive had been quiet, as they hadn't spoken since 
leaving the restaurant. She stopped at the entry hall table and undressed before 
going to join him in the living room. He was not there but called softly to her 
from his office. She moved quickly to his desk and stood quietly waiting his 
next command.
"Peggy," he began slowly, "this envelope contains all the evidence I have on 
your forgeries." He pushed it towards her; "I want you to have it as my thanks 
for helping me with this deal." She waited open mouthed as he continued, "I also 
want you to keep the car. It's paid off and titled in your name."
Peggy was motionless for a long time before she reached over and pulled the 
envelope to her. She ran her fingers around the edges quietly and then came 
around to his side of the desk. She took his hand and silently beckoned him to 
follow her. 
He followed her up the stairs and to the bedroom where she began to undress him. 
Tugging off first his shirt and then the pants Peggy knelt in front of him and 
licked at his hard cock. Flicking the head lightly at first she teased it before 
swallowing the entire length down her throat. Increasing her rhythm she worked 
lovingly along the shaft letting it pop from her mouth momentarily. She ran her 
lips along the bottom of his cock and then returned it to her mouth. When she 
felt he was nearing climax she stopped and moved to the bed. She reached into 
the nightstand and handed the tube of lubricant to Darrel.
"Sir, please fuck my ass," she cooed seductively. She bent over and presented 
her butt as an inviting target. 
Darrel almost came at the sight of her luscious ass waiting for him. He wasted 
no time with the lube and quickly knelt behind her. Putting his hardon to her 
anus he waited for her to push against him. She began to sit back slowly and the 
head of his cock disappeared into her. He stayed motionless as she forced his 
hard cock into her tight virgin ass. Finally he was embedded fully into her.
"Please fuck me Sir," she moaned. "Please use m my ass, Pl  please Sir!" she was 
having trouble encouraging him as he thrust gradually harder and faster into 
her. She relaxed, letting him move more freely inside her, eliciting a groan 
from him. She moaned in pleasure as he slid into her at a feverish pace that 
caused her to forget the pain. Bucking back toward him she felt his cock swell 
and redoubled her efforts. He grabbed at her hair and pulled hard, forcing 
himself deeper into her tight ass. Peggy's body was quivering with excitement as 
he pounded into her with a lustful abandon that pushed her over the edge. 
Sweating from the exertion he finally came in a shuddering orgasm that flooded 
Peggy's ass with cum. Darrel slowly pulled his cock from her and settled down 
into the bed.
Peggy looked softly at him. "Sir, may I stay with you?" she asked quietly.
"I was hoping you would," he answered as he tenderly stroked her cheek.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rebelman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





