BDSM Library - Igor and Ivan




Igor and Ivan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman's self-bondage adventure in the woods doesn't go as she planned.
Igor and Ivan
by Zack

Copyright 2001.  All rights reserved.

    I'd been living in Arizona for about three months when I decided to take
advantage of the good weather and do some outdoor self-bondage.  It was
mid-September, but even here in the northern part of the state the daytime
temperatures were in the 70's.  If I were still back in Minnesota I'd freeze my
butt off if I tried going outside without any clothes on this time of year, and
for me a lot of the thrill is the chance that I'll be discovered chained and
naked.

    I'm a diesel mechanic, and I work at a big truck stop on the Interstate. 
I'm the only woman in the shop, but the other mechanics are friendly and treat
me as one of the group.  There are some machine tools at work that I could use
to make what I needed, because when I moved I'd left all of my bondage equipment
with my ex-boyfriend.

    I've never liked using police-type handcuffs.  I like to struggle, and
handcuffs can produce some nasty bruises.  Also, one time I'd fallen on a cuff
and it got really tight.  By the time I got loose my hand was purple, and I was
lucky that I didn't get some permanent damage. I based the design of my new
restraints on medieval bilboes, which are U-shaped metal straps with holes near
the open end of the U.  The strap is slid over a wrist or ankle and held in
place by a bar that goes through the holes.  In olden times both wrists, both
ankles, or all four were attached to the same bar, (I'm going to try that some
time), but mine were going to be closed by separate bolts. 

    I bought some steel at Ace Hardware.  It was 3/16 inch thick and 1 1/2 inch
wide, and after measuring my wrists and ankles and making some cardboard
templates I cut the steel to length, heated it with a torch, and bent it into
shape.  After some adjustments I marked the position of the bolt holes and
drilled them on a drill press.  Then I trimmed off the extra length and smoothed
everything on a tool grinder. I did the whole job during a few lunch hours, and
I was pleased with the result.  The cuffs were so close-fitting that there was
no way to slip out of them, but there wasn't any pressure that might interfere
with circulation.

    Using bolts allowed me to fasten the cuffs without using a lot of padlocks,
which is another thing I've never liked.  I know that some people like to have a
whole bunch of keys to sort through or scatter around, but I prefer to use just
one lock.  To fasten the ankle cuffs I made some short pieces of small-diameter
pipe that fit inside the top of the U.  This provided the support that I needed
to tighten the nut, using two wrenches.  To fasten the wrist cuffs I drilled a
small hole crosswise through the threads near the end of the bolt.  After I
threaded a nut on the bolt I put a diaper safety pin through this hole.  Diaper
safety pins are like ordinary safety pins, except that they have a sliding cover
that can be closed to keep the pin from opening.  They are easy to open using
fingers, but they can't be opened by just pressing on them.  Once a pin was in
place the nut wouldn't come off the bolt.

    To fasten my ankles I got a piece of chain about five feet long.  I bolted a
cuff on my left ankle with the end link over the pipe, measured off about eight
inches, and put that link around the pipe on my right cuff.  The other end of
the chain would be fastened around my neck later.

    I got some more chain and cut a piece that reached around my waist with a
little over.  I locked this around my waist with the padlock over my spine, put
my hands behind my back with my wrists against the chain, and moved them until
my fingertips just touched.  I marked the links that were opposite my wrists and
unlocked the chain.  I slid a cuff over my left wrist with the open end near my
little finger and put a bolt through the holes with one of the marked links
around the bolt.  Then I did the same with my right wrist and the other marked
link.  It was easy to do all this because I was working in front and had lots of
slack in the chain. 

    Once the cuffs were on my wrists I put the padlock though one end of the
chain and put my hands around my back.  I took the padlock in one hand and the
end of the chain in my other hand, sucked in my gut, put the hasp of the padlock
through the farthest link it would reach, and clicked it shut.  As long as the
padlock was closed my hands were welded to my waist, because my fingers couldn't
touch the diaper pins.

                    ***

    Once I was satisfied with the chains, I was ready for my adventure.  On
Tuesday, my regular day off, I drove out to a region where juniper trees made up
most of the vegetation.  These 'trees' are rarely taller than twenty feet and
they are widely spaced, but they are thick enough to cut visibility down to a
hundred feet or so.  They are found in areas where the available moisture is not
quite enough to support pine trees, and these regions aren't used much even
during the peak of the tourist season, because the pine forests are so much
nicer.  I figured that in mid-September, and in the middle of the week, I could
find someplace that was sure to be deserted.

    At about nine o'clock I turned off the highway onto a dirt road, drove about
five miles, and stopped where a dry stream bed, called a 'wash' out here,
crossed the road.  When I turned off the engine and got out of the car I felt a
sense of isolation.  All I could hear were some birds.  I hadn't seen another
car or even the dust raised by one.  I felt I was totally alone.

    I had everything I needed in a daypack.  I checked that the padlock was
open, and put one padlock key in a magnetic keyholder that I put under the rear
bumper.  I put another key under a rock near the front of the car.  I thought it
was unlikely that the car would be stolen out here, but better safe, etc.

    I walked up the wash for about twenty minutes.  I calculated that it would
take me at least four times that long to walk back once my ankles were chained. 
I couldn't see the car or the road, but I knew that if I stayed in the wash I
couldn't get lost, and it would be easier to walk here, too.

    I got everything out of the daypack and took off all of my clothes except
for my shoes and socks.  I sat down and used the wrenches to fasten the cuffs
and chain on my ankles, and then put my clothes and the wrenches in the daypack
and zipped it closed.  There was a loop sewn to the top of the daypack, and I
put the end of the chain through this loop.  I fastened the end of the chain
around my neck with a bolt, two washers, a nut, and a diaper pin, making sure
that the daypack's loop was inside the loop around my neck.  I adjusted the
daypack so that it was between my shoulder blades.  Its contents would now be
inaccessible. 

    I thought I heard something and stopped to listen, but it was just a flock
of birds taking flight somewhere close by.  I picked up the gag I was going to
use.  I made it by rolling a whiffle ball in a scarf, with knots in the scarf to
hold it in place.  Most people use ball gags, but I won't use any gag that I
can't breathe through unless somebody is with me.  I don't want a stuffy nose to
become a life-threating illness.  After the gag was tied in place I pinched my
nose to check if I could get air though it.  There wasn't a lot, but any is
better than none.

    I put my wrists in the cuffs and reached around my back with the padlock.  I
always pause before making the final commitment and ask myself if I really want
to do this.  It seemed OK, so I closed the padlock and struggled to my feet. 
The chain around my neck kept me hunched over like Quasimodo.  I started walking
back down the wash.

    I quickly found out two things:  A. I had fastened my ankles closer together
than I had planned to, and B.  Sand isn't that easy to walk in when you've got
to take real short steps.  I hadn't gone fifty feet when I tripped and fell.  I
rolled and managed to fall on my right shoulder and arm instead of on my face,
and luckily I didn't hit any rocks so I wasn't hurt.  Then I found that: C.  It
was going to be hard to get up.  I was about to try when I heard something and
froze.

    A voice said,  "Look, Igor.  This must be the slave girl that escaped from
the caravan last night.  Blond beauty like this is rarely found out here on the
steppe."

    I twisted around until I located the speaker, who was a boy of fourteen or
so.  I'm not that good at estimating ages, but his voice had that cracked sound
that meant it was just changing.  Another boy a couple of years younger stood
next to him, and they looked so much alike I figured they were brothers.  Both
were wearing blue jeans, plaid flannel shirts, and white cowboy hats.  The older
boy had a backpack and both of them were carrying rifles.

    The younger boy said,  "Are we going to take her back to the caravan, Ivan?"

    "No, Igor.  We can get far more for her in Samarkand than any reward they
would pay.  Besides, we can use her ourselves before we sell her."

    When I heard that I panicked.  The ultimate nightmare is to be found by
somebody who will use your helplessness for rape.  Then I realized that they
looked a little young for that and calmed down some.

    "Stand on the chain near her neck, Igor.  She won't be able to walk to our
camp with her feet chained like this."

    The younger boy, 'Igor', stood on the chain and pinned my head to the ground
while 'Ivan' zipped open my daypack and took out the wrenches.  He moved to my
feet, took some rope out of his backpack, and hobbled my ankles.  Then he
unbolted my ankle cuffs and put all the hardware in the daypack and zipped it
up.

    Ivan motioned Igor to get off the chain, grabbed my arm, and pulled me up
onto my knees. 

    "Come, girl.  We have leagues yet to travel."

    He tried to pull me to my feet, but I resisted.  I didn't want to go
anywhere with them, and said so through my gag.

    "Can you understand her, Igor?  She must be speaking some foreign tongue."

    "No, I don't know what she said either, Ivan.  Can I whip her if she doesn't
do what we tell her?"

    "Of course.  But we left the knout back at the camp."

    By this time I realized they were pretty deep into fantasyland, but who am I
to criticize that?  My concern was with how much they blurred the line between
fantasy and reality.  Talking about whipping is one thing, but doing it is
something else entirely.  Then I realized that Ivan wasn't old enough to get a
driver's license.  To get way out here there must be an adult with them,
somebody who lived in the real world.  I let Ivan help me to my feet.

    Ivan moved my daypack to the front of my neck and then strapped his backpack
onto my back.  It wasn't heavy, but it was kind of humiliating to be treated
like a pack mule.  Igor took the end of the chain on my neck and gave it a tug. 
I followed after him like an obedient slave girl.

    The hobble on my ankles was long enough that I didn't have any trouble
walking, and we traveled maybe a mile to the boys' camp. They had camped on the
north side of a little hill in a small grove of pine trees.  I could see a dome
tent and a fire ring with a pile of wood beside it.  Ivan went into the tent and
came out with a blanket which he spread in the shade of a tree.

    Igor led me to the blanket and Ivan helped me to sit down.  He got an ankle
cuff and its hardware from the daypack and used it to fasten the end of the
chain around the tree.  He took the chain off my neck and removed the daypack,
and then replaced it and tightened the nut with the wrenches.  This worried me,
because now I couldn't get it off my neck even if I had my hands free.  I asked
him what he was going to do, but my gagged words were ignored.

    "Igor, start the campfire.  It'll be lunchtime soon."

    Igor starting building a fire.  Ivan untied my hobble and retied my ankles
together.  He got some more rope and tied my legs above the knee.  He took a
good look at my pussy, but he didn't touch me any more than he had to.

    I was really getting worried now.  Not only weren't there any adults around,
but we were a long way from the road and I was becoming more helpless by the
minute.  I protested and screamed through the gag, but was again ignored.  Ivan
cinched a rope around my knee binding and put the other end through a link in
the chain around my neck.  When he started to pull my knees up to my chin I
screamed and struggled, but he turned me on my back and used his weight to push
my legs back.  After he tied the knee rope he pushed me on my side and tied a
rope from my ankles to the chain around my waist.  I was now tied in a ball.

    I wasn't worried any more, I was terrified.  It got worse when when Ivan
went over to the fire and put a metal tent stake into the flames.  He picked up
a piece of charcoal and used it to write something on my butt.

    "What are you doing, Ivan?"  Igor asked.

    "Marking where the brand will go." 

    I was whimpering with fear.  Ivan leaned over and whispered in my ear.

    "I hope you can hum Jingle Bells.  That's your safeword."

    I was too stunned to react.  Ivan stood up and shrugged, and I started to
hum frantically.

    Ivan took out my gag and said, "Do you want to stop?  We weren't really
going to brand you."

    I couldn't speak, but I nodded yes.  Ivan took out a knife and cut the ropes
on my knees and ankles and freed my wrists.  I groaned as I moved my arms and
legs.

    "These are cool chains.  Did you make them?"  Ivan asked.

    I nodded.  "How do you know about things like this?"

    "The Internet is a great educational tool.  We saw you when you started to
undress and I thought that you might like some excitement.  I hope you had as
much fun as I did."

    "I don't know.  Ask me later."

    "Please stay for lunch.  We'll keep you chained to the tree, if you want."

    "No, get me loose.  I've had enough of chains for a while."

    He took the chain off my neck.  I got my clothes from the daypack and put
them on.

    "Where's your car?"  Ivan asked.

    I told him and he nodded and said he would guide me back to it. Igor handed
me a canteen and I drank some water.  Ivan gave me a slightly burned hot dog
wrapped in a piece of bread.

    After we had eaten Ivan guided me back to my car.  I got the key from under
the rock and unlocked the chain around my waist.

    "My real name is John and my brother's name is Joe.  What's your name?" Ivan
asked.

    "Kristen."

    He gave me my daypack and a piece of paper.

    "Here's all your stuff.  That's my phone number.  Call me when you want to
do this again.  It can be risky doing it alone, even out here."

    I got in my car and said, "Thanks.  Maybe I will."

                    ***
   
    When I got back to my apartment I stripped and went into the bathroom.  I
saw the charcoal on my butt and read what it said:  BDSM FOREVER.  Kids grow up
too fast these days.


Copyright 2001 by Zack.  All rights reserved.
I welcome your comments.  Email me at zack_writer@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Zack


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





