BDSM Library - Librarian in Bondage




Librarian in Bondage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The adventures of a sexy librarian forced by a prevert.
LIBRARIAN IN BONDAGE

CHAPTER ONE

Cindy Mason liked this time of the day. It was just getting dark
and swirls of snow swept past the windows. It was almost time to
lock up the library and go home for the holiday weekend. She
paused by the histoncal section and peered down into the street.
All the office workers were streaming out for their cars, heading
for the bars and other strange attractions they went for. Cindy
gave a slight sneer of disapproval.

They were not her kind of people, most of them, definitely not
refined enough. And most of them thought of her as a stuck-up
bitch, she knew. Well, better to be stuck up than as disgusting as
most of them were. And the crude sexual jokes they cracked as
she passed in the corridor-they were the most disgusting of all.
She was probably the only person left in the building now.

She turned back to her desk. She had just a little bit of sorting to
do and she would go, but she had to be sure. As Head Librarian,
it was her duty to make sure everything went smoothly. That
meant she should probably check the upstairs part of the library,
not leave it to chance and the whim of Arnie the janitor when, and
if, he came in tomorrow.

He would probably be too drunk anyway. The only good  thing
about him, in Cindy's opinion, was that he left her strictly alone,
didn't make any of those comments the other workers made.

Vainly Cindy posed in front of the full-length mirror on the wall.
She knew she was beautiful, with her long dark hair flowing down
to her shoulders and her soft face with its wide brown eyes and
full, sensual mouth. She also had a wonderful pair of legs, and
she knew that too, loved to show them to the best advantage,
show the men what they wanted and couldn't have.
But she was proudest of her tits, two swelling, full, melon-like
mounds that pushed the front of her tight blouses until it often
seemed they would burst. She stared at herself, knowing that
under the frilly white top, her nipples pushed against the nylon of
her bra, outlined clearly against the thin silk of her very expensive
blouse.

That blouse had been a gift, of course. She got many of those
from men who wanted to fuck her, use her for their disgusting
ends. But Cindy knew all about that, and they wouldn't get her
cunt. Her mother had been right, always telling her that you
didn't give anything to a man until you were married and then only
the minimum you had to to keep their disgusting lusts satisfied.
And then you had to be careful because they always tried to get
more than they needed.

"Just like your father, Cindy," her mother  would say. "Always
wanting to, to use me. But I put a stop to that. It was a good thing
he ran off with that slut of a secretary of his, a good thing, very
good." Cindy's mother was certain of a great many things like
that.

Cindy was probably going over to see her mother on Sunday. Her
mother would like that. Perhaps, perhaps not. Cindy would have
to go to church first of course, and there would be so much to do.
But perhaps, if she found the time. Work took up so much of her
time she was very glad she had a long weekend to herself.

She sat down at her desk and pulled the pile of papers to her. In
the utter silence of the darkening evening there was only the
occasional thump from the old heating system as it cooled or
heated up against the stone walls.

As she worked, Cindy thought she heard the door behind her
open. It was strange. All the downstairs doors would be locked
and no member of the public could get in now.
She turned and the shadowy figure of a man stepped out from
behind one of the bookcases and walked toward her. Cindy gave
a slight scream and covered her mouth as she leaped to her feet.

"Hi, Cindy," said the man.

Cindy fell back into her chair with relief and a lot of anger.

"What are you doing here?" she almost shouted. "I said I never
wanted to see you again." She sat there, her tits heaving.

"Well now," said the man, coming up to her desk and sitting on it
with complete assurance. "I thought you'd be glad to see me. I'm
here to entertain you for the holiday weekend. Isn't that nice?"

"George," said Cindy, with rising anger. "I told you that you were
never to see or speak to me again. Your behavior last Saturday
night was disgusting and I won't be associated with an animal like
you. So please leave now and I won't call the police."

She stared up at the arrogant, tall lean man who had dated her
after appearing day after day at the library, sending her flowers,
and cards and all the other little romantic things that turn a
woman's head. And Cindy wasn't against romance. She had
always dreamed of her knight in shining armor who would take
her away from the mundane world and worship her in his
luxurious home, probably in Palm Springs.

But, of course, he had to be the perfect gentleman, and George
certainly wasn't that. He had seemed to be at first, picking her up,
taking her to a movie, then to dinner and back to her apartment.

She wasn't quite sure how he had talked his way inside. It wasn't
something she would normally allow, but he was   there, talking
and suddenly seizing her, throwing her onto her sofa and running
his hands all over her struggling body.
He had torn the top of her dress before she had managed to
throw him off, and the whole incident had been utterly terrible,
and she had been hoping to forget it.

He had laughed as he got up that time, smiling sardonically down
at her. "I'll get you, bitch," he said. "I'll get into those white pants
of yours, and you'll beg me to fuck you when I do, you wait."

He had left then, and Cindy had gone to bed, shaking with anger
and shame.

Now he grinned and leaned in over the desk, the slight scent of
his aftershave wafting across to her. "Now. Cindy," he said
reproachfully, "how can you speak to me like that? Your pal,
George?" He spread his arms in the air and smiled. "Now we're
gonna have a good time all this long weekend, and maybe, when
the party's really going we'll call in some friends of mine and
really have a good time.'

"I don't know what you mean," said Cindy stiffly. "I will not be
seeing you this weekend, or at any time in the future, so please
leave. I have work to do." She pulled out the top sheet of paper
and studied it as if she understood what it was about. In truth, she
was shaking with anger.

George got up off the desk, drops of water sprinkling from his
raincoat. "Now, the way I see it is this, Cindy, my little slut," he
said, and Cindy almost jumped out of her chair at the words.

"You are all alone in this great big building. And you are. I
checked, and there won't be anybody in here again until Tuesday.
Now isn't that convenient? So we have the perfect time to get to
know each other and have a real good time. I brought food and
other things to help us along. Now how about it, how about giving
me a good time?"

Cindy looked up at the man as he stood close on the other side
of her desk.

He had taken his raincoat off and dropped it over a chair, and he
was standing there in a turtle-necked sweater and slacks,
grinning at her.

"Get out," she said.

"Now, now," said George, still grinning. "I shall have to take
sterner measures if you go on like this."

Cindy had had enough. She reached for the phone and started to
dial. There was a hum and then the line went dead. She looked
up to find George standing there with the end of the cord in his
hand. He had just yanked it out of the wall.

Cindy still wasn't afraid. She got up and looked at him. "You'll
have to pay for that," she said, and walked over to where the
other phone sat on the reception desk.

"Did I ever show you my skill with the whip?" asked George.

Cindy turned, startled. As she watched, George reached down
into his coat pocket and pulled out a single-stranded leather whip.
The handle was only about two feet long, and from there the
strand of braided bull hide reached another ten feet at least,
tapering and ending in tight knots of cotton.

"Here," he said, "hold that out." And he tossed her a cigarette.

Cindy was so startled she caught it. It was the first time in her life
she had held such a thing and she stared at the white cylinder, a
strange feeling of uncertainty rising in her.

"Hold it out," said George.
Cindy slowly held her arm out, the cigarette extended from her
thumb and forefinger. George got lazily to his feet, -cracked the
whip once above his head and suddenly lashed it out.

The thin end cracked nastily close to her hand and the cigarette
was cut neatly in two, and her fingers hadn't even been touched.

Cindy gasped and looked at George as if she had been hit,
herself.

"Want to see what else I do?" he said, and the whip cracked
again.

Cindy screamed and clutched at the top of her blouse. The whip
had neatly broken the top button off and the two halves had
parted, showing the top of her white bra and almost half her tits.

"Get out of here!" she yelled and, in sudden fear, she lunged for
the phone.

George lashed the whip out again and it curled round Cindy's
wrist. She screamed in horror, even though it hadn't hurt and
stared at the leather curled around her arm.

"Stop that!" she yelled, and then she staggered as he pulled in on
the whip and she was slowly dragged across the floor toward him.
"Stop it, George. I'll scream for help."

"Go ahead," he said, and gave another heave on the whip. "Make
my day," he added and laughed outrageously for some reason
Cindy couldn't understand.

"There's nobody here, my little cunt, nobody at all. Scream all you
want, though I must warn you, I get really pissed off with cunts
who scream too much."

Cindy was dragged in helplessly by her arm, until she was almost
face to face with him.

She panted and fear fought with her fury for supremacy. She
lashed out with her free hand, trying to slap his face, but his arm
was up and he gripped her wrist with contemptuous ease.

"Now why don't you give all that up?" he asked. "Why don't you
be a nice girl and open the rest of your blouse for me? I mean,
you've got the greatest pair of tits I've ever seen, and you keep
them all to yourself."

"I'd rather die first," Cindy spat at him and struggled to get her
arm free.

"Oh no, I don't think so," said George with an easy grin. "You just
think you'd rather die, but I never met a cunt yet who really
would."

"And stop calling me those things!" Cindy screamed, and
wrenched her arm free. "I'm leaving, I'm going to call the police."

"Oh, fine," said Georg and unwrapped the end of the whip from
her arm. "Fine, leave, let's see if you can."

Cindy stared at him for a moment, piling all the hatred she could
into the look, and then she turned, holding her blouse top
together and walked for the door.

She got about five yards before the whip cracked out and
wrapped around her ankle. She screamed as George jerked on it
and she fell to the floor, rolling helplessly as he pulled.

The whip jerked free and he stood over her, laughing. "Watch
this, cunt," he said.

The whip lashed out again and the next button of her blouse was
cut neatly away, exposing her bra totally and the swelling tit
mounds it held.

Cindy screamed and tried to get her arms up, but, before she
could the whip had lunged in again and she stared as she
watched the tip curl around the next button. and rip it off the
expensive silk.

"Leave me alone!" she screamed, now really frightened. She had
fallen into the hands of a monster, and there was no saying what
he might do to her. She rolled violently onto her stomach and
tried to hide her wonderful tits against the carpet.

"Turn over," said George, but Cindy screamed and hid her face in
the floor, the fear growing in her. "I said, turn over," he repeated,
but Cindy just sobbed and held her tits, trying to protect them.

George flicked the whip out almost casually and it cut into the
front of her thighs, sending terrible waves of agony into her whole
body as the red line spread across her flesh. "Get up," he said.

Suddenly Cindy was weeping as she struggled to her feet, pulling
her short dress down over her thighs. She regretted dressing like
this now.

In civilized countries men would respect her, but here she was
being treated like a common whore. It was disgusting and she
was going to the police the moment she got out of here.

"Now," said George, leaning back against the desk and looking
his captive over. "Take your hands down."

Slowly Cindy let her hands fall away from her tits, protected as
they were only by her bra now.

"That's better," said George. "You know, you've got the best body
I've seen, and you don't use it. Well, now we're going to teach
you how to use it, aren't we?"

"Please, leave me alone," Cindy whispered, staring at the floor,
unable to bear his gaze as he stared at her helpless body.

"Why don't you take that blouse off?" said George, and he
grinned, running the whip through his expert fingers.

"No, no, you won't make me do that, no," Cindy moaned.

"I said take it off," said George, and flicked the end of the whip.
"No, no, that's perverted, it's .   wicked, it's .  . "Cindy gave up,
struggling for words.

"Very well," said George. He leaned back, flicking the whip in
again, cutting the last button away.

This one was so close to Cindy's skin that the tip of the whip cut
into her stomach. More pain erupted and she doubled up,
sobbing and screaming as she held herself.

"Stand up, you slut," said George, and Cindy managed to get
upright again, staring at him, her vision blurred with tears. "Now
take it off."

Fear almost choked Cindy as she reached up and slowly pulled
the top of her blouse apart. It slid down her arms, as she
trembled and turned away from the terrible stare of lust he was
giving her. Fumbling with the wrist buttons, she wept again and
hurried as he grunted with impatience and fingered the whip.

Finally it was off and she carefully laid it over the back of a chair.

"Put your hands behind your back," George commanded.
Cindy did as she was told, her tits only protected now by her bra,
and the top of the tiny slip she wore, that was cut even lower than
the bra. With the bra off, the slip would be no protection at all.

George stared at her, running his eyes over the luscious curves
of her tits. They heaved with emotion as the young woman
trembled and the tears ran down her soft cheeks.

"Very nice," said George. "I can't wait to get my hands on them,
but I will." He laughed gleefully. "After all, this is the first time and
we wouldn't want to hurry it, would we?" And he grinned again.
"Now the skirt, too." "Oh no, don't make me do that, no!" Cindy
screamed as she covered her tits again.

The whip lashed out again and George made it curl around her
body and cut into her arse. She still had her skirt on, and under it
were her panties and the very bottom of her slip, but it was as if
they were no protection at all.

The pain shot up into her back and Cindy screamed and clutched
at her burning arse cheeks. But he swept the whip again and it cut
into her stomach again, just below her ribs. Cindy's screams
echoed around the empty room and she doubled up, trying to
hide from the whip.

"Now, how about taking off your skirt?" George asked as if it were
the most reasonable request in the world.

"All right, all right, I will, just don't whip me again, please," Cindy
sobbed and slowly got up to face him.

He was grinning at her helplessness. With her hands trembling,
Cindy felt for the buckle of her wide belt and pulled it open. As he
watched, she reached back and unzipped the skirt, and then,
weeping at the terrible humiliation, she slid the skirt over her hips
and tight, swelling arse and dropped it to the floor.
"Oh yeahhh," George breathed. "Oh yeahhh, that's good." He
paused and looked at her. "Take the bra off, too."

Cindy choked with fear, but the memory of the whip was too
recent for her to forget. Her fingers almost wouldn't do as she told
them to as she reached up and pulled at the clasp at the center
of her bra. It stood out from her deep cleavage with the force of
the twin tit mounds that thrust all their force against it and, when
she did get it off, popped open very suddenly.

Cindy slowly slid the straps down her arms. She had to take the
slip straps down and slide them back up to her shoulders, but he
didn't seem to mind that. He just looked and grinned as she stood
there.

"Oh yeahhh," he repeated.

Her rising, luscious tits stood out proudly above the top of her tiny
white slip. The lacy top just held the lower curves of the fleshy
tits, pushing them forward just enough to show them to best
advantage. And the slip just covered her arse cheeks, leaving that
tantalizing show of soft flesh between her stocking tops and the
hem of the slip.

Just below it, there was the hint of her transparent white panties
and the dark mound of cunt hair they barely concealed. Below
that, her long, shapely legs reached down to the high stilleto heeled sandals
that she always wore.

Cindy knew very well what the high heels and tight slip did for her
body. She had studied herself many times in the privacy of her
apartment, but never had she stood with a lascivious, animal of a
man looking her over.

"Ohhhh, boy, did I make the right plans," said George, slowly
comIng off the desk and walking to the terrified librarian.
He reached out slowly and slid the top of her slip even farther
down. As Cindy moaned and pleaded with him to stop, he took
one of her proud thick nipples in his fingers and played with it, slowly
twisting the stiff flesh until it hurt.

"There's a bet on here," he said, "that you're such a little cock-
tease, you can't possibly be a virgin. And I'm gonna find out."

__________________________________________________




CHAPTER TWO


"Y-you're what?" Cindy asked, so terrified her stomach was in
knots.

Through the pain from her nipple as George slowly twisted it,
came the greater pain of knowing that he planned to rape her.

"Shit, have you got a pair of tits," said George, slowly playing with
her nipple. "Fuck, there's men here would give their balls to get
hold of these tits for a night." He held the soft heaviness of her tit
in his hand and ran his fingers over it.

"Please," Cindy begged, "what are you going to do with me?" She
stifled a sob. Just a few- minutes ago she was looking forward to
a lovely quiet weekend, and now she was facing the greatest
terror of her life.

"I'm gonna fmd out if you're cherry or not," said George, with a
grin. Then I'm gonna fuck the hell outa you. How does that
sound?"

"N-no, please, don't do that, please. I'll do anything you want, but
please don't do that, please," Cindy begged as his rough hands
still played with her tits and caressed her white flesh.

"But I want to fuck you," said George, using that awful word
again. "So that's what I'm gonna do. You can make it easy or
difficult, I don't care."

"But, but, you wouldn't rape a virgin, would you?" Cindy pleaded.
"Please, please let me go, I'll give you all the money I have,
please."

"Honey, I don't want your fucking money. I want your body, you
slut, so stop the crap and get over that desk."

"No, no, please, please," Cindy begged, but George grabbed her
by the wrist and dragged her toward her own desk. She struggled
and screamed but none of it did any good. George was much too
strong for her and he flung her face down across her desk with no
effort at all. There he held her, a hand firmly on the small of her
back as she struggled and yelled and tried to kick out at him.

"Stop it!" she screamed, and her flying spike heel caught him on the
shin.

"You'll pay for that, you cunt," he promised. And he showed the
terrified librarian a pair of metal handcuffs, waving them in front of
her face. "You wanna put these on, or shall I do it for you?"

"Leave me alone, you, you monster!" Cindy screamed, and she
stupidly tried to reach for his hair and pull a handful of it out.

With a laugh, he gripped her wrist and clipped the handcuffs on
with practiced ease. Cindy screamed and rolled on the desk, but
he held her too firmly.

"Get away from me!" she screamed and suddenly felt the whip
curl around her neck. Spluttering and and half choked, she
watched as he released his hold on her back.

He rolled off the desk and pulled her arm down to where her wrist
was beside the desk's sturdy wooden leg There was a click and
Cindy's arm was handcuffed to her own desk.

She tried to scream, but very little would come out through the
choke hold of the whip. It was all she could do to breathe, and
she heaved and sobbed on the hard deak top, helpless as he clip
ped another pair of cuffs to her other wrist and leaned on that arm
too, dragging it down until he could clip it to the other leg of the
desk.

Now Cindy was almost helpless. But her arms were tied and they
were stretched so far that the pressure of the handcuffs forced
her face down into the hard wood of her desk top.

She gave a moan as she struggled and hoped that somebody,
anybody, would still be in the building and come in to save her
from this terrible humiliation.

"Well," said George, going around to the back of the desk and
surveying her arse as it jumped and heaved in frantic agony. "This
is going to be better than I thought. Did you know you've got an
arse that drives men crazy?"

Cindy spluttered and struggled, the whip around her neck still
cutting off most of her air.

"Oh, I'm sorry," said George. "I forgot, you have trouble speaking
right now.' And he came back and uncurled the leather, letting the
half-choked girl breathe again. "Did you know what a fantastic
arse you've got?"

"Leave me alone," said Cindy desperately, tears rolling down her
cheeks. She had never been so humiliated in her life before and
the thought of her luscious body being so exposed and helpless
was more than she could take.
"Well, let's just say that you have a fantastic arse," said George
pleasantly, "and I can't wait to get at it." He leaned down and
whispered in her ear. "So, let's get your ankles tied up and we
can begin."

"Leave me alone, oh please, you can't be such a beast, you
can't!" Cindy screamed.

She kicked and screamed as hard as she could, but he grabbed
one of her legs and she felt the click of the cuffs and then it was
dragged down. There was another click and she couldn't move.
The metal hurt her ankle as she struggled and moaned with the
pain. Then he had her other leg and there were the same two
awful clicks and she was utterly helpless, her arms and legs held
tight to the desk, her body vulnerable.

He spent a little time rearranging her. He put the high-heeled
shoe back on her foot and shifted her arse over so that her legs
were pressed straight, the backs of her knees twitching with the
agony of her taut tendons. Now her hips were against the edge of
her desk and her arse thrust up, utterly exposed to him.

He came back around to her head and, to Cindy's utter horror, he
produced a large, studded dog collar and slid it around her neck.

She screamed at him, but it did no good at all. He just laughed
and clipped a long piece of thin rope to the collar and threw it
under the desk.

Moaning and gasping, Cindy tried to think wh he would possibly
do with it, and very soon she found out. He pulled it from under
the desk on the other side of her body and then lashed it first
around one of her thighs, just above her knees, and then ran it
over her other leg, pulling the strand that led to the collar tight
before he lashed the other one on.

Now, each twitch of her legs forced Cindy's face down harder into
the desk, and the collar, while not actually choking her, was tight
enough to give her breathing trouble. She gave a moan of utter
helplessness and desperately wondered what perversion he had
in store for her.

"Now, tell me," said George, waiking around to the bound girl's
arse and slowly rubbing his hands over it. "Do you wear the
clothes you do to drive men crazy? Or is it just a whim on your
part?"

Cindy struggled and wept. The trouble was that each heave she
gave to try and get away from those terrible hands just pulled on
the rope and jerked her head down, making her breathing more
difficult.

"I don't know," she managed to say. "Men should respect women,
protect them-not what you're doing.'

George laughed. "Let me tell you one thing I've learned in my
travels," he said. "When a little cock-tease like you dresses up so
that men get hard-ons the moment they see them, then the cock-
teasers are asking for it, and in the end they get it. And you're
gonna get it, lots of it, you little cunt."

His hands were running over her arse and Cindy felt his fingers
slide inside her panty leg and run down into the secret crack
between her legs.

"No!" she screamed. "No, not that, no!" But he ignored her and
his fingers probed farther, between the soft lips of her cunt,
gently rubbing over the bud of her clit.

No man had ever been anywhere near there before and Cindy
moaned with disgust. "You beast! I'll report you to the police
when I get out of here."
"Oh, if you like," saidGeorge with a grin, while his fingers played
with the soft flesh of her cunt. "But I wouldn't dream of doing
anything to you that you didn't want me to do. In fact, you're
gonna beg me to fuck you very soon, and do anything else I
want."

"Never!" Cindy screamed. "I'll never do that, I'd rather - -

"Die first," he finished for her. "Well, we'll see. Now, that was
stupid of me. I left your panties on. Now they have to come off, so
I'll have to tear them off, won't I?"

"No, you brute, no, don't do that!" Cindy moaned. She was
gasping for breath as the collar cut into the back of hr neck and
forced her face into the hard wood.

"Oh, all right," said George pleasantly. "We'll see if I can
persuade you to beg me to rip them off. We can come to the fuck
later."

His fingers retreated from her cunt and Cindy gave a moan of
relief. She felt him flip the hem of her tiny slip up, over her arse
until it was around her waist and his terrible hands ran over the
insides of her thighs, up and down, going below her stocking tops
to her knees and then right back up to the crack of her arse and
cunt.

It was awful for her, and she struggled as much as she could, but
it was hopeless. The edge of the desk cut into her thighs, adding
to her pain and helplessness.

"Now, just let me know when you want me to tear your panties
off," said George.

He was talking from behind her and Cindy wondered what he was
going to do to her.
But, until it happened, she didn't have the faintest idea. There
was a moment of total silence and then, suddenly, the most
terrible agony surged through Cindy's bound arse.

She had forgotten about the whip and the skill George had with it.
The crack of the leather on her unprotected arse echoed from the
walls and her scream followed. Her head and legs tried to leap in
different directions and the rope slammed her face back down to
the desk as she screamed and moaned in terror.

George lashed the thin leather whip forward again and waited
until Cindy's terrified scream had faded. "You have the most
terrific arse. Shit, it's real fun to whip it. And, ohhh fuck me, your
legs, shit, you gotta pair of legs, baby, just made to be tied up like
that. Ohhhh, yeahhh!" And he lashed her arse again.

Cindy struggled and screamed, fresh tears running down her
cheeks. She couldn't believe any man could be so brutal to a
lady. Her arse was exploding with agony at each lash of the whip,
and the loud crack of it added an extra margin of terror. "Ohhhhh,
please, please, George, don't please! Aaaaggghhh! Oh no, no,
please, no!"

"Shit," said George, lashing the bound woman again "I gotta
hard-on you wouldn't believe, baby. I'm gonna fuck the shit outa
you, just wait." Andhe listened to Cindy scream and beg as her
arse jumped and twitched, trying in vain to escape the
punishment.

Cindy couldn't believe she would ever be in that much agony. Her
whole arse broke into flames as the whip lashed her and they had
only died down a little before the next terrible lashing burst the fire
higher, burning through her helpless body. Her arse cheeks were
scarlet, a mass of red lines that fused into each other. Her flesh
felt as if it had been beaten to a pulp, and the relentless whip
never stopped curling out and back, cutting into her arse.
"Aaaghhh! Ohhhh, no, oh God no!" Cindy wept as the whip
continued lashing into her body. "I never did anything to you!
Please, ohhhhh, aggghhhh, oh God, please!" And she gasped for
breath again as the collar cut into her neck.

"Just tell me when you want me to rip your panties off," said
George, as if she were being very unreasonable. "Then I can
check if you're really cherry or not, and I'll whip the shit outa you if
you're not cherry."

Cindy screamed as more and more agony erupted into her
helpless body. George could really use that whip and each lash
was calculated to exact the most terrible pain without letting
Cindy faint from it. Her arse cheeks bounced at each contact, the
beaten flesh contorting as the leather bit into it.

"Please, aaaghhhh! Oh stop, please, I'll do anything if you'll stop,
anything! Please, oh agghhhh, oh no," Cindy sobbed and the
desktop under her face was wet with her tears.

"All I want you to do is beg me to tear your panties off," said
George as he whipped her again. "It's simple, slut, just beg me."

"No!" Cindy screamed. "No I won't, I won't-aaggghhhh, ohhhh, oh
no, I won't, I won't, I aaagghhheeei! Oh, no!" She collapsed over
the desk, her whole body in the most terrible agony.

"Suit yourself," said George, and he laughed as he laid the whip
into her arse again. "Keep it up, you lovely little slut. The more you
hold out, the better it is for me." And he let Cindy's screams die
down again. "I love whipping little cunts like you, because I get
whatever I want from them. And they beg me, all of them, they
beg me."

Cindy was reaching the limit of her endurance.

The whip had her arse burning red from the top to where it met her
thighs, and, with each new thrashing, the red got deeper and the
pain more unbearable. Then George was laughing as he whipped
her, that terrible laugh that told her he had her totally in his
command and could do what he liked to her.

She knew she would break soon, anything to stop the terrible
torture. He could even rip the expensive silk of her panties if he
wanted to.

"All right, all right!" she suddenly screamed. "You can do it." And
she fell back across the desk.

"Do what?" he asked pleasantly, and Cindy thrashed on the desk
again as he gave her another cut of the whip.

"Ohhhh, stop! You can take my, my, aaagghhh, my panties off!"
Cindy screamed as he continued his merciless whipping.

"But I can't take them off, slut," he said, casually throwing the
whip forward again and watching his captive writhe and scream
on the desk. "I've tied you up, stupid, so what will I have to do?"

"Ohhhh, aaaghhh! Oh, tear them off, tear them!" Cindy
screamed, trying to please her captor and stop the awful agony.
"Tear them off!"

"Oh, I see, that's better," said George, and the terrible whipping
stopped.

Cindy moaned with the relief, even though she knew her agony
and humiliation would go on for a long time yet. She felt his
hands running over her arse again and fresh bursts of pain ran
from the mashed, crimson flesh. Slowly his hands went inside the
hem of her panties again and gripped the thin silk.

"Are you sure you want me to do this?" he asked.

"Oh yes, yes," Cindy wept, the terror of the whip making her
agree.

"Very well," George said, and he slowly pulled.

His hand held the panties between her legs and they began to cut
into her upper thighs as he leaned back and the strain pulled at
her bound body. Inch by inch he went back and Cindy felt fresh
tears in her eyes. The elastic at her waist cracked first and she
gave a sob as the panties slipped down over her arse.

George still pulled, increasing the pressure until the material itself
began to give, ripping and breaking until one side gave way. That
got them away from her arse and cunt, but George didn't stop.
He wanted them off completely. With a sudden burst of
impatience he ripped the remaining material away from her legs.

Then Cindy's humiliation really started. She felt his fingers
running over the crack of her cunt. He caressed the luscious,
tangled hair of her cunt mound and slowly worked his way to
the tight entrance of her virgin cunt hole. Cindy gave another
scream as he pushed one finger into her throbbing cunt.

Never before had a man run his finger into Cindy's cunt. She
moaned with shame as she felt it work its way past her cunt lips
and into the entrance.

Geore took his time. Agonizingly, he worked the single finger in,
sliding it just a little and then stopping, working it around the
trembling walls of Cindy's cnt hole until she was moaning.

"Fuck me, you've got a tight little hole,' George said softly. "It's
gonna be a long hard fuck taking this."

Cindy moaned and tensed as his finger finally came into contact
with her tight cherry. George pushed slightly at it with his finger,
feeling it give a little.

"Oh, well, fuck me," he said. "I didn't expect to find anything
there." He pushed again, feeling Cindy's body roll and heave on
the desk top. "That makes it even more fun. Feel it, you little
cock-tease? It's about to be gone, history, outa here. Got that?"

Cindy gave a low scream as he pushed at her cherry again. "Oh,
no, please don't do that," she pleaded. "Please, have some
respect for a virgin, please."

George just laughed again and his finger played with the walls of
her cunt. "Oh, but I thought you wanted me to fuck you," he said,
his voice a single thread of awful menace. "In fact, you're gonna
beg me to take your cherry, aren't you?" And his hands stroked
Cindy's red, whipped arse.

Cindy almost fainted. She was faced with the most dreadful
choice. She either begged him to do the thing she hated most to
her, or she would get whipped again. The terrible mental agony
made her head spin.

__________________________________________________




CHAPTER THREE

Cindy moaned and struggled on the desk, trying helplesly to pull
her arms out of the cuffs that held them. The metal had already
dug into her wrists and there were deep red marks in her flesh.

She sobbed harder as she felt George's hands running down into
the crack of her arse and then farther, between her stretched and
bound legs, back to the crack of her cunt.

"Now, tell me how much you want me to fuck you," he whispered,
leaning over her, his mouth close to her neck as he nuzzled
against the dark mass of her hair.

Cindy gave a terrified sob. She knew what would happen if she
refused to beg, but somehow she couldn't bring herself to do it, to
allow him to ram his terrible thing into her helpless, virgin body.

"Now, you tell me-and fast," said George menacingly. "I've got
the biggest hard-on of my life and I'm gonna put it somewhere;
So beg me, slut, beg me."

And he rolled his hips over her arse and Cindy felt the monstrous
pole of his cock as it pushed against her beaten flesh.

"Aaaaggg, ooooohhhhh!" she moaned, trying to think, trying to
imagine some way out of this. Her body heaved on the desk and
the collar cut into her neck again and the cuffs tore  at her wrists
and ankles.

"Now tell me, fuck meat," George whispered, "or I'll take it out on
you until you beg."

His huge cock thrust at her arse and Cindy gave a terrible low
scream of terror and gasped for breath, but still she couldn't bring
herself to beg him.

"If you don't, my little whore, I'll use the whip again. And if I have
to do that," he said, "I'll do it as long as I like, not just until you
beg me. And I can assure you, you will be begging, screaming for
me to fuck you before I stop. I don't like little cunts who defy me."

"Aaaggg, ohhhhh, no, ohhhhh," Cindy moaned, her body shaking
and her breath panting. There was a whirlpool of cotton in her
head, she couldn't think coherently.

"Last chance, you little shit," George whispered. "And please
don't give in now, I want to whip the shit outa you so bad-so
please, defy me, fuck meat." He leaned even closer and Cindy
could feel the throb of his prick as it pushed against her sore arse.

Cindy tried, she tried to tell him he could fuck her, she tried to get
out the words that would save her from more pain, but they
wouldn't come out. She gasped and tossed on the desk as hard
as the cuffs and ropes would let her, but nothing except gasps
and moans came out.

"Oh, good," she heard George say, and suddenly he was gone.

Cindy moaned as she tried to pull herself free, terrified now of
what she knew was coming, but she had lost the chance.

Then she stiffened with new horror, wondering what, in the name
of God, George was doing to her. She felt him pull her cunt lips
back and hold them. Then, without warning, the jaws of some
kind of clamp slammed shut over her cunt flesh, and she leaped
and screamed on the desk, begging him to stop.

"I bet you want me to fuck you, hey?" he asked.

Cindy almost passed out as another clamp bit into the other side
of her cunt lips.

"Oh yes, yes, you can fuck me," she gasped.

"Anything, anything, but please don't hurt me again, please."

"It's funny how you little cunts get to pleading when it's too late,"
he said.

Cindy screamed in horror. The metal jaws, pinching her flesh
viciously, were only part of the problem.
There was string attached to them and he was pulling on it,
opening her cunt lips until her clit was exposed. Cindy moaned
and tried to hide her face in the desk. He pulled on the string until
she was sobbing in pain and humiliation and her cunt lips were
pulled as far as they would go.

Then he tied the string to the rope running from her collar to her
thighs, and Cindy gave helpless screams of agony as she
twitched and heaved, and each movement not only pulled on her
collar, but stretched her bound cunt lips as well.

He stepped away again and Cindy felt her heart palpitating as
she tried to guess what he would do. She could imagine what she
looked like now, her legs spread wide, her thighs bound and her
poor cunt lips pulled open in the most obscene display.

"If you beg me to fuck you after the first stroke," she heard
George's calm, menacing voice saying, "then you'll get ten
lashes. If after two, then twenty, and so on. You understand?"

"Oh please, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," Cindy moaned, the
terrible word flowing out of her mouth in her overwhelming terror.

"That doesn't count," said George crisply.

Cindy started sobbing, but that was cut off instantly by the
scream she gave that echoed off the walls.

George had lashed the whip expertly across her wide-open cunt,
so that the tip of it was the only thing to make contact, but it cut
viciously right into her clit. Cindy had never known that pain like
that existed. It was far worse than the pain in her arse. It -sent red-
hot spears of agony shooting all over her body, burning deep into
her until she heard her voice babbling, and the  voice was coming
from a long way away.

"Oh yes, please fuck me, please fuck me, please," the voice was
screaming from somewhere outside the seas of pain she was
submerged in.

"So that makes ten,' said George.

Cindy's screams doubled and her head twisted in awful agony as
the whip cut precisely into her exposed clit. The scream at the
second lash was still building as the third crashed in, and the
bound librarian writhed on the desk, begging her torturer to do
anything he wanted, if he would just stop beating her.

"Oh, come on now, my little whore,' said George as he whipped
her again. "You wouldn't want to spoil my fun, now would you?
Slut. Would you. . . six!" And the whip lashed into her cunt again.

"Oh fuck me, oh fuck me, aaaggghhhh! Oh fuck me!" Cindy
screamed as the agony soared higher in her bound body.

But there was something strange about it. At the height, each
beat of the whip sent tremors through her, tremors that she found
herself waiting for, waiting for the next beat of the whip, and they
would be there again. Would they be as awful the next time? Or
would that strange feeling make them more bearable?

"Nine!" said George, and Cindy's arse bounced all around the
desk as far as the cuffs  and ropes would allow. "Ten!"

Cindy gave a massive scream and fell across the hard wooden
surface, sweat runmng over her body

There was another moment broken by Cindy's low moans as she
gasped for breath and waited for the rape she knew was coming.
The pain in her body throbbed as the fire from her whipped arse
and cunt still spread slowly.

George was beside her head. He pulled the gasping girl up by a
handful of her hair and made her stare at him.

"I think I should show you what you're going to be getting," he
said. He slid the zipper at the front of his pants down and slowly
pulled his cock out.

Cindy gave a great gasp of new fear. She could never get
something that big into her virgin cunt! It would burst her in two,
George laughed as he held her hair in one hand and forced her
head up, against the pull of the ropes on her collar, and ran his
other hand over his massive fucker. It pulsed and bulged before
Cindy's terrified eyes. There was nearly a foot of rock-hard cock
and it was so thick that George's hand would scarcely fit around it
as he slowly rubbed it in front of her face.

"Shit," he said, and chuckled with eat amazement. "I've got half a
mind to jerk off all over your beautiful face and then whip you till I
get hard again. How about it?"

"Oh no!" she sobbed. "Oh please, fuck me now, please, please,
George!" She gasped and wept as he grinned.

"Well, all right, fuck meat," he said, "Since you asked me so nice.
I guess." And he dropped her head and walked behind her.

Cindy moaned as she knew her humiliation 'was about to be
completed. She felt him pull on the clips still holding her cunt
lips in their terrible embrace, and then she gave another
desperate groan as he brutally pulled them off, dragging the cunt
flesh and actually pulling some of her cunt hair out by the roots.

"Now," he said, and Cindy felt the first touch of a man's cock at
the entrance to her cunt. "Now relax, my little whore, and it'll be
so much better for you."

But relaxing was the last thing Cindy could do. She moaned as
she felt him run the head of his monster cock up and down the
slick flesh of her beaten clit. There were fresh bursts of agony
from her clit, but there were also spasms, things she didn't
understand at all.

"Well, fuck me," said George softly. "You're damp, you little shit,
you're fucking damp." And his cockhead just ran into the lips of
Cindy's throbbing cunt.

She stiffened as she felt the huge round cockhead force the walls
of her cunt to open a   little. She didn't understand why George
had said that about her getting damp. Did it mean something?
She had no idea, but she wasn't going to get much time to think
about it anyway.

His cock sank another inch into her protesting body. The walls of
her cunt seemed to scream as they were forced to open and the
head of George's huge cock worked its way into her until it came
up against the rigid wall of her cherry.

"Oh, no," Cindy moaned, and her head sank back to the desk top.

"What's the matter?" asked George innocently. "Don't you want
me to fuck you?"

"Oh yes, yes, please!" Cindy shouted, her arse thrusting back at
his rampaging cock.

She was utterly terrified for a moment that he would stop and
whip her again, but he was too hot by this time.

If Cindy had been more experienced, she would have known he
was desperate to unload his cum by the way his cock throbbed
and beat at her cunt.

"Oh, good," said George, and he thrust his cock back to the drum
of Cindy's cherry. Slowly he pulled his cock back and then thrust
it forward, an inch at a time, back and forth, waiting. "Shall I take
it now?"

Cindy was almost sick. She was going to be forced to beg a man
to take her virginity. But there was no way out.

"Oh, yes!" she heard her voice scream. "Oh, take it for me,
please!" And she gave a heave and a great sob as he just
continued his slow, in-and-out fucking.

Without warning, George fucked deep into Cindy's cunt. For a
split second she felt her cherry resist, and then it was broken, and
his cock was fucking deep into her violated cunt. She was
ruined-the one thing that made a woman desirable to a man was
gone. She would be spurned by every decent man in the world
now, and it would serve her tight for giving in like that. She should
have resisted to death if necessary.

George grunted with pleasure as his massive cock fucked into
her cunt. "Sheeit," he moaned. "You've got the tightest little cunt
hole I ever fucked. Hey, that's great, ohhh yeah!

He leaned in on her, forcing his cock in until his balls slapped
against her whipped and painful arse, and the pressure of his body
drove her thighs into the front of her desk. Slowly he pulled his
invading cockmeat out, until only the cockhead still rested in
Cindy's cunt.

Then he slowly fucked back in, inch by relentless inch, until it was
all there and Cindy could feel the head of his prick beat against
the entrance of her womb. She could feel the blood from her
raped cherry running down her thighs and she wept with the
shame of it. She had given in to this man. She had pleaded with
him to fuck her.
She was disgusting and she had to be punished for what she had
done.

And there ws no doubt that George was going to do it. His huge
stiff cock fucked into her cunt passage, forcing the cunt walls to
spread and stretch with new onslaughts of pain. Each fuck thrust
sent waves of it, running up into Cindy's tied body, messages of
her helplessness throbbing through her.

With the pain of the whip gone, however, she now realized that
other parts of her body were getting their own dreadful
stimulation. Her tits rubbed against the hard wood and her
nipples had got hard, testing each ribbed grain of the wood as
George's slowly increasing fuck thrusts forced her body forward
on the desk.

"Ohhhhh yeahhh," she heard George shout. "Ohhh yeahhh, I
gotta have this fuck hole again when it's properly trained." His
thrusts into her cunt suddenly picked up momentum. His hips
beat faster into her and the slap of his thighs and balls into her
whipped arse were louder. "You'll pay for this, shit, getting me all
hot like this, ohhhhh, fuck!"

The huge prick in her cunt was ramming faster and harder at
each fuck stroke and George had his head back as he howled in
rising ecstasy. Cindy wasn't sure what it meant, but she knew he
was going to do something soon, probably that thing called
"consummation"  that would end this terrible rape.

Her whole body was suffering as the cock fucked in and out of
her cunt, but the friction on her cunt walls was also doing things
to her that she didn't understand or want to admit to. Fierce
flashes of pleasure spread out each time the cock slammed into
her, making her moan and sending her arse thrusting up at
George to get more of his cock.

It was as if something demonic had taken her over, something
that made her body do all sorts of terrible things without her
knowing, and certainly without her trying. The pleasure rose as
George yelled and fucked, and his cock swelled inside her,
spreading more and more of that feeling into her cunt.

"Aaahhhgggg, oh God!" Cindy screamed.

And she thrust up at George as his massive cock spurted the first
jet of his cum into her cunt.

Suddenly things were spinning for Cindy and nothing was real.
She felt bursts of his hot cum flooding her cunt, and George
leaned back and screamed as his cock took over and his hips
bounced Cindy all over the desk as he slammed into her arse with
each powerful fuck thrust.

He leaned down, grabbed her hair and pulled her back so that
she was arched painfully on the desk, straining against every one
of her bonds, but somehow she didn't notice that. Her mouth
panted as he pulled her head up, and he fucked   deeper and
deeper into her cunt as he went on coming, creamy spunk pouring out in
endless waves from his cock.

The spurts of cum sent Cindy's strange feeling higher until she
was moaning and sobbing while her body shuddered in a strange
kind of release, and she felt waves of overwhelming pleasure roll
over her. Each peak of his orgasm, when the white cum spurted
out into her cunt, was matched by a smiliar peak in her body, as
her head strained against the hold he had on her hair, and her
arse and cunt lunged into his thrusting hips.

"Ohhhh, fuck me, you little shit," George suddenly yelled. "You're
coming, you bitch, you're coming! Oh, you fucking cunt!" He gave
a heave on his cock that almost tore her legs out of their sockets
as he shot the last of his sperm into her wildly throbbing cunt.
"Oh no, oh God," Cindy moaned as he slowly let go of her hair
and she came down to realize what she had done.

She had allowed a man to fuck her and she had got pleasure
from it. And this was after she had been most cruelly whipped.
She really was depraved, and she had to stop it, stop it now!
Decent women didn't get pleasure from fucking, they just didn't-
her mother had been very emphatic on that. So she wasn't a
decent woman, and the only way she could become  decent
again was to resist all his attempts in the future.

George slowly settled onto her helpless body, his cock still oozing
cum in her cunt, his body still shaking from the orgasm.

"Fuck me," he whispered. "You and me are going to have the
best time in the world, whore. You're gonna learn to do things you
never even heard of before. Jesus, I wish I'd known, I'da brought
a lot more stuff with me. Oh well, we can deal with that later."

Cindy gave another low moan and she felt the pain returning all
over her body, radiating from her ankles and wrists where the
metal had dug deep into her skin. From the backs of her knees,
where her tendons had been so unmercifully stretched for so
long, and most of all from her whipped arse and cunt.

She felt George slowly pull his cock out of her. Her cunt closed
around his cockhead as it went and there seemed to be
something missing there, something she wanted or needed. She
gave a moan and tried to relax. She felt him unclip the cuffs at
her ankles and then untie the rope to her collar. Then he came
around and undid her wrist cuffs and allowed her to stand up.

Rubbing her wrists and ankles and then trying to bring some relief
to her arse, Cindy walked across the floor as she looked at her
tormentor   as he sat in one of the chairs and watched her with
amusement.
His cummy cock still hung out of his pants, massive, even when
partially soft. Cindy rubbed her arse and the pain flowed, but it
wasn't so bad anymore. Her fingers worked their way to her
whipped and raw clit, rubbing over it, feeling the wetness of mixed
cum and blood running down the insides of her thighs.

The rubbing gave some relief to her cunt and she continued
running her fingers over it, feeling the soft relief spreading. She
couldn't understand why George had a big grin spreading over his
face.

"Pretty good, slut," he said. "Spread your legs wider, let me see."

Cindy was so terrified of him that she obeyed and let him see her
rubbing her beaten clit.

"Well," she said, tears in her eyes again, "I hope you're satisfied.
You've ruined me, so let me go now."

George laughed. "Ruined you?'- he asked. "I'm going to make
you into the woman you really are. We've only just started, honey.
So brighten up and come with me."

__________________________________________________




CHAPTER FOUR


"What do you mean?" Cindy shrieked, her fingers coming
abruptly away from her beaten cunt.

"Oh, you'll find out," said George easily and, before Cindy could
move, he'd reached out and grabbed her neck chain. There
wasn't much she could do but follow him. He dragged her out of
the door and down the corridor to the ladies' bathroom.

"What are you doing?" Cindy screamed.
"Just gonna wash you off," said George. "Don't like all that blood
around. Looks like you really were a virgin." He laughed as he
pushed her through the door.

She struggled and protested, but George just spun her around by
her collar and flung her to the cold white sink.

"Now clean yourself off," he ordered, and stood there, leaning
back against the wall, mocking her.

It was almost too much for Cindy, but she knew what would
happen if she refused to do as he said. Trembling from head to
foot with a mixture of shame and anger, she turned on the
faucets and let the water run until it was hot. She thought of the
many pleasant times she had spent in here, away from all the
turmoil of her   work in the library. The place wouldn't any longer
be the sanctuary it had been. Now there would always be the
dreadful memory of George standing over her.

"Here." He tossed Cindy a washcloth.

She stared at it, bewildered. He really had planned this rape well.
She took the cloth and ran it in the hot water, ten washed her
thighs until all the mingled blood and cum were gone and they
were back to the pristine whitness-apart from the angry red marks
of the whip. She dried herself as well as she could on the paper
towels and turned to face him with an air that had defiance
behind it.

At his command, she opened her legs and allowed him to inspect
her to see that she was 'completely clean. Then he pulled on her
chain again and hauled her back out of the washroom. Cindy
struggled along behind him as before, but her mind was set now.
All he could do was rape her from now on. She would never again
sink to the humiliation of begging him for anything.

"Okay," he said, when they were back in the silence of the main
library. "Now I'm going to teach you the next thing you need to
know to please a man. On your knees."

Cindy stood between the bookshelves. Only a few hours before,
the place had been teeming with people, people she always
resented for their noise and the way they interrupted her work.

Now she would have given anything just to have one of them
there.

"No," she said defiantly. "I won't do it. I won't do anything you tell
me to do." She stood defiantly in front of him, hardly realizing how
helpless she looked in the tiny slip and white stockings. She
folded her arms over her luscious tits and stared at him.

George laughed. "Oh, thank God for that," he said. "I thought you
were going to be easy. Now I have some more training to do." He
grinned and jangled her neck chain. "Do you know what you're
gonna do next?"

Cindy ignored him.

He just laughed again. "That's one extra punishment," he said.
"Oh well, I'll tell you. You're gonna put my cock in your mouth and
suck it until I come, and then you're gonna lick all the cum up.
Got that?"

Cindy's eyes widened. How could he even think of something so,
so, disgusting? So perverted no decent person would even dream
of it?

"No!" she yelled defiantly. "I won't, I won't do anything so
disgusting, you can.

"Kill me?" he added  "Oh well, don't say I didn't warn you."
He pulled her brutally toward him by the chain, and Cindy almost
choked as she fell forward. She fought, but he had grabbed her
and   pulled her to the ladder she used to reach the higher books.
It was a sloping ladder wide at the base and tapering, and it ran
on two rails, one for the base and the other in the ceiling.

He flung the chain over the top of the ladder and pulled it until
Cindy was almost hanging by her neck, twisting and turning
against the rungs. Then he swiftly wrapped the chains around
one of the lower ngs and left her for a moment. Cindy tried
desperately to reach the rung with the chain wrapped round it, but
it was going to take a lot of time to get herself unraveled to
stretch her arms down far enough. She began heaving and
pulling, struggling to reach, but George was back along before
she had got anywhere.

"Silly girl," he said sarcastically, and pulled the desperate,
choking librarian around to face him.

Cindy screamed, but it was cut off by the collar. She saw the
cuffs again, felt them click over her wrists as he pulled her arms
forward. Then she watched helplessly as he took another length
of rope and wrapped it around to join the cuffs.

"Oh please, no," she begged as she pulled her arms back.

Without even talking to her, he threw the rope over the top rung
and went behind the ladder, pulling on it until her arms were
dragged over her head.

Then things went on getting worse. Her arms were stretched high
over her head as the relentless George came back to face her.
He had the end of the rope in his hands and he could let her arms
down just by letting it go slack. Slowly he let it go, staring at her
as she moaned with the pain.

"Now kneel on the bottom rung of the ladder," he said. "Put your
legs through it."

"Oh, no, please, George, please, don't make me.

Her pleadings were cut off as he pulled the rope up again and the
pain surged through her arms. She moaned and her head felt
dizzy at the awful torture she was going through.

"Fine," he said. "I'll just hang you up like this and

"No, no, all right, I'll do it," Cindy sobbed as the pain in her arms
grew worse.

She didn't realize she had just fallen into his trap. He slackened
the rope again, and she could move. Sobbing, she slowly put her
stockinged legs through the bottom rung of the ladder, one at a
time, then she was forced to kneel on it when the next rung
forced itself against the backs of her thighs. It wasn't too
uncomfortable at first. The rung was wide and there was ample
room for her knees.

George chuckled as he pulled the rope in and lashed it to one of
the wide, lower rungs. It now   held her arms high in their cuffs
and that shoved her tits out. At the worst of times, Cindy's tits
were an invitation. Thrust out and up like that, her tits made
George give a whistle of lust and run his hands over them. Cindy
struggled, but nothing stopped him from sliding the top of her slip
away.

"Nice,' he said. "Now, just a few more things."

Cindy gave a low groan and wondered what other disgusting
perversions could be in store for her. She didn't have long to wait.
He spread her legs and tied each of her knees to the sides of the
ladder.
Then he went behind again and she felt him lashing ropes around
her ankles. She begged him to stop, but all she got was that
terrible laugh again. With a sudden heave, he pulled her ankles
upward and then pulled the ropes around the side of the ladder
and then around one of the steps.

Cindy screamed as her legs were brutally bent and tied until she
couldn't move them at all and the pain at the backs of her knees
was shooting up and all over her body. With growing desperation,
she thrashed the top half of her body around, swinging on her
bound wrists, but George just laughed.

"Now, let's see," he said as he came back and stood in front of
her and she sobbed as she saw that his groin was just on a level
with her mouth as she hung there, helplessly bound. "You can't
imagine how much time I spent making sure this was going to be
just right. Now, here it is agaln."

And he unzipped his pants. He pulled his rigid prick out and ran it
over the lips of his helpless captive. "Just let me know when you
can't wait to suck it."

Cindy almost gagged as the warm smell of his masculinity swept
over her nostrils and the thick cockshaft brushed her mouth.
Never, she would never take that cock in her mouth. It would be
impossible to imagine how disgusting that would be.

"Now," sald George, "let's get a little artistic, shall we?"

Cindy gave a terrible moan. He was pushing the ladder along the
line of bookshelves and every rumble it gave over the metal rails
jolted her arms and body painfully.

She couldn't imagine what he was going to do until he gave a
final shove and the ladder came to a halt right opposite the full-
length mirror in the library.
In horror, Cindy stared at her reflection,- bound to the ladder, her
arms high over her head, her thighs spread as far as they would
go, her tied feet, lashed almost to the height of her thrustout tits.
Her long hair flowed over her shoulders, and even she could see
how desirable she was.

Then, all around her, the lights started going out, click by click-
unffl there was only one left, the one light that illuminated her,
bound to the ladder. All the rest of the room was in darkness. In
the mirror she now looked even more desirable and tempting.
Into the pool of light came George, slowly walking over to her, the
whip in his hand.

She stared in utter horror as he approached, her stomach twisting
in strange knots, terror, but mixed with a dreadful excitement, a
wonder at the depth of the depravity he was leading her into.

Slowly and carefully, he eased the top of her slip away from her
tits until they were totally exposed and the top of the flimsy
material ran under the full, heaving mounds of tit flesh, adding its
own support to the uplift of her bound arms and legs.

George ran his hands over the cringing flesh, holding one of her
nipples and squeezing it slowly. Cindy moaned at the increasing
pain, but there was no way to avoid the dreadful caress.

She had such a lovely palr of tits that George could only hold
them properly with both his hands, and he did, to each of them in
turn, as he studied the creamy flesh.

Then, without a word, he was gone, back into the darkness where
Cindy could hardly see him.

"Where are you?" she cried, frightened, her body trembling.
"George, please, where are you?"

She didn't get an answer. Instead, with awful suddenness, she
saw the tip of the whip curling out of the blackness, heading for
her tied body. Her eyes widened and she stared as the end of it
cracked in, right across her two jutting tits. In the mirror she saw
the leather bite deep into her tit flesh, the tip almost disappearing
into the soft skin around her nipple. Then, equally suddenly it
burst out again, leaving a curling line of red.

"Oh, God, don't!" Cindy screamed as her body contorted and her
tits felt as if they were being torn off her body. "Please, don't whip
me, please." She heaved on the ladder as another lash sent her
head singing with pain.

"Of course I'll stop, my dear," said George with a laugh. "All you
have to do is beg to suck my cock, that's all."

Cindy screamed as another cut lashed her tits. She couldn't, she
couldn't suck that thing, she couldn't. Her head was whirling as
she tried to pull off the ladder and the whip landed and buried
itself in her tit flesh. "Oh, God, stop!" she yelled. "Stop, you brute,
aaaggghhhh! Oh God, oh God, oh no!"

In the mirror she could see her mouth slobbering as the pain
burst like a volcano, repeatedly, surging to new heights at each
whipping. She saw herself swinging by her wrists and her tits
bouncing as they got redder and redder. George shifted his angle
of attack until he was whipping her almost straight on. Now he
could use his skill to pick out the dark-red areolas and hard
nipples.

The whip would curl almost lazily around them, sink in a circle
around the trembling, hard bud, and then flick out again, sending
ripples of pain through her entire tit. With no hurry at all, he
whipped her tits, listening to the girl as she went demented with
the pain. But somehow she clung to the desperate belief that she
could not give in and suck his cock.
The agony surged higher until Cindy could hardly know where
she was or what she was doing. In a haze she saw her beaten
body, watched her tits rolling as the red lines grew into one
crimson mass of whipped flesh. And still the leather came out of
the darkness and lashed her.

"Aaaaghhh!" Cindy suddenly yelled. Her hips were beating out
and back against the ladder. The agony was at a pitch that sent
awful surges of some strange desire down into her cunt. "Oh
yes, I'll suck you," she suddenly heard herself scream. "I'll suck
your cock, I will, oh please let me suck your cock, please."

And her body gave a great heave and stayed trembling against
the ladder as the beating stopped.

"Ahhhhh, that's better, isn't it?" George asked.

But Cindy couldn't answer. Pain rolled all over her body, from her
whipped arse and cunt, her bent legs and bound arms, but most
of all from her tits. And there was that dreadful something, a
pulse of strange desire that throbbed to the beat of her body as
she hung there, moaning softly.

Her eyes were closed, so she didn't see George standing in front
of her. She didn't see the whip curled in his hand, or his cock as it
stood out, harder and longer than ever. All she felt was the hard
tip of his fucker as it brushed her lips once more, and this time it
wasn't going away.

"Lick it", George ordered.

Trembling, but half unconscious in the raging sea of emotion that
was her body, Cindy flicked her tongue out and licked it over the
swollen purplish head of his cock. Strangely, it wasn't as bad as
she thought it would be.

"Again," said George, "and don't stop this time."

Cindy let her tongue run out again and lick the cockhead. She
licked again, tasting the drop of pre-cum liquid at the tip, and
even that wasn't so bad. It was slightly salty, that was all. Then
George slid the monstrous cockhead just between her lips and

Cindy gave another moan of fear and expectation. The hard flesh
of his cockhead forced her lips wide as it came in and she licked
at it, running her tongue over the ribbed flesh of the underside.
Instinctively her   lips closed around the cockshaft, just beyond
the cockhead, and she sucked gently, feeling his cock throb and
leap in her mouth.

"That's not bad," said George. "You might do okay with some
work, now suck it, baby, give me a good time, or your tits'll hurt
again."

Cindy gave in. There was nothing she could do, and if she tried,
there would be more of the agony. She let him slide the huge
cockshaft in farther, inches more fucking into her mouth-and still
over half of his prick was outside her lips.

Pain echoed around her body as he took her long hair and slowly
pulled her head onto his cock, sinking deeper and deeper until
the cockhead rested at the back of her throat and she was
gagging slightly, gasping for air.

Slowly he let his cock slide back out, until the cocktip rested at
her lips again.

"Now you start learning how to please me," he said softly. "You've
got the most beautiful face in the world to fuck, and I'm gonna
fuck it whenever I want. And you'd better learn to be good, my
little cunt."

Cindy gurgled as she tried to speak, but before she could gather
herself, the cock was sliding back in again. Once more he pulled
her in by the hair, until his cock was buried deep in her mouth
and almost two thirds of the length was inside her lips. She
struggled for air as she desperately sucked and licked at the
cockmeat  filling her mouth.

George let his cock rest at the back of her mouth, just working it
in and out, an inch or so at a time. Softly, his hands let go of her
hair, but he had akeady forced her head back against the rungs
of the ladder, so she couldn't move to release the pressure on
her throat.

He held her there as his hands slipped down to her red, beaten
tits. He leaned in harder on her as he took each of her nipples in
his fingers and rolled them between his thumb and forefinger

The new agony burst out and surged over her helpless body. The
world sank into a blur again as he twisted her nipples harder,
fucking his cock into her throat as she writhed in pain on the
ladder. Her screams were blocked before they got out, strangled
by the massive cock in her mouth, working in and out, fucking
deeper into her throat with each pass it made.

Pain collected in her body and rose like a river, building against a
dam that was sure to break. She heard George grunt with
satisfaction, felt his cock throbbing in her mouth as she sucked
and licked, trying to do what would please him most. His fingers
pinched her nipples harder until she was weeping again, the
agony in her tits meeting the strain in her arms and bpund legs.
Her body rolled as his cock fucked faster, harder into her mouth.
George leaned back, looking down at  his captive as he face
fucked her.

"Oh yeah!" he shouted. "Suck my cock baby, suck it, suck it all
down, ohhhh, yeahlih!"
George pulled on the chain, forcing his cock in harder as it
throbbed and Cindy felt the first drops of new cum form on the
end, at the tip of that little slit in the cockhead that would soon
pour all his creamy spunk into her mouth. But, suddenly she didn't care
anymore.

The rising pain had sparked off the feeling, that awful feeling that
had stopped as he stopped whipping her. It spread, sending her
hips beating back into the ladder. It was more and more difficult
for Cindy to pretend that it wasn't an orgasm.

She had never experienced one before tonight, but she didn't
need to be told what it was. It melted the pain, sending it soaring
through her body until vast shaking release broke over her with
each twist of George's fingers on her nipples and each thrust of
his cock into her mouth. She was beside herself as she sucked,
harder and deeper, instinctively working to the pulse of George's
rising orgasm.

"Ohhhhh yeahhhh, fuck me!" George yelled. "Oh yeahhhh, I'm
coming, you little cunt, I'm coming!" His cock speeded up,
ramming into her mouth like a piston.

Cindy felt a wave come up and drown her, throwing her into a
helpless river of lust as the first jet of cum shot into the back of
her mouth.

All the pain melted into a throbbing, uncontrollable orgasm. Her
body shook as it beat against the ladder and cum squirted out of
George's cock and filled her cheeks. It wasn't as bad as she had
expected. In fact, there was something disgusting but wonderful
about the sticky goo as it poured out, and she could feel George
grabbing for her and yelling as he came. She swallowed to get rid
of his cum, but something in her wanted to keep it, taste it, run it
over her lips as she came, and the ladder creaked and moved
under the combined lust of the two of them.
"Oh, shit, suck it baby, suck it," George moaned as drops of cum
formed on Cindy's lips and her wicked little tongue flicked out and
took them back into her mouth. The two of them held like that,
George pumping his creamy spunk into Cindy's hot mouth, and Cindy
coming endlessly as he rubbed her nipples and fucked her
mouth.

Finally even George was done and Cindy licked at the last drops
of cum as they slowly ran out of his cock slit. She couldn't see
herself as the orgasm slowly faded and she sucked greedily at
his cock, licking up every drop of cock cream until the waves of
her cum were almost done, just washingup to her consciousness
and fading again. She felt wonderful, tired, exhausted even-but
for the first time in her life, satisfied.

George slowly slid his cock out of her mouth, the softening
weapon retreating as she moaned and sucked every last inch of
it.

"Shit, kid," he said, "you were somethin' else."

He went behind her and she felt him undoing the ropes around
her legs. Cindy was coming out of her daze. She was tied up.
She had just sucked a man off. She had been whipped. Her
ankles were free and George was undoing the rope that held her
arms. They came loose and she held her hands over her whipped
tits, staring at herself in the mirror. What had she done? How had
she betrayed herself?

She slumped forward, falling to the floor as he undid the ropes
holding her knees to the ladder and the new pain, of release and
returning circulation, burst over her. She had allowed it to happen
again, and she had come! Tears burst from her eyes as she
thought of how disgusting she had been. She could never be
saved now.

She was beyond redemption, she was the slut George sald she
was. But she rebelled agalnst that. She couldn't be that bad.
There was a way out, there had to be. She sobbed in utter misery
and drew her legs up to her body, moaning and crying on the
floor.

Then a phone rang.

__________________________________________________




CHAPTER FIVE


Cindy hear George go over to the desk with the one remaining
connected telephone on it. As she hugged her whipped tits on the
floor and sobbed quietly, the phone's ringing stopped.

"Yeah?" she heard George say. "Fuckin' impatient, aren't you?
Now you get here whenyeah, I know what a pain he is, but just
shut the fucker up and he'll get everything he wants. Yeah, okay
Bill, I understand. Yeah, of course, and bring some of the
equipment, too. This is more fun that I thought it would be. Okay,
see you."

Cindy heard him put the phone back down. It seemed that her
torment wasn't over, there were going to be more people to
witness her degradation. She sniffed and wept, unable to realize
yet just how terrible it all was.

Then George was standing over her "Want something to eat?" he
asked.

This was the last thing in Cindy's mind and she shook her head,
staring up at him, wondering what he would do next. His cock
was even now slightly hard a it bounced with each movement he
made, and it seemed to the terrified girl that his cock was getting
harder as she watched it.
"Something to drink then?" asked George.

"Want to get the taste of cum out of your mouth?"

That was an idea Cindy hadn't thought of and she desperately
wanted something to moisten her throat, but it was the way he
said it that was wrong. She shook her head again.

"Oh well, suit yourself," said George. "In that case you can suck
m hard again while I eat. I've got one more thing to do before they
get here. Get your arse over here."

Cindy didn't have to be reminded of the whip. She scuttled over
on her hands and knees to where he was laying out some food
on the long reading table. The sight of cold chicken, rolls, fruit,
cakes and many other delicacies set Cindy's mouth watering, and
the bottles of wine and soft drinks that George laid out made her
regret her stubbornness, but she was committed now.

George slumped into one of the soft chairs and turned it ninety
degrees to the table. "Now suck me," he said, and picked up
some chicken and began to make himself a sandwich.

Cindy hardly hesitated. The leather whip lay on the table by his
hand and she remembered the pain if it all too well. Besides, she
was damned anyway, she was nothing but a whore for giving in.
And this was nothing new, she had done it before. Stifling another
sob, she sank to her knees between his legs and slid her hand
over the half-hard flesh of his cock. He grunted with pleasure and
went on making his sandwich.

Cindy slid closer, kissing the inside of his thigh, feeling the hairs
on the skin rub against her lips. There was an awful, dangerous
excitement to it all and she found her breathing getting ragged as
she slowly slid the tip of his cock between her lips once more.

His cock stirred and instantly more blood pumped into it and the
cockshaft hardened n her hand. With a low moan that she hoped
George would think was terror, she licked over the swollen
cockhead, remembering how it had been, thrust into her mouth,
shooting cum. Her stomach was in knots as she ran her lips over
the hardening prick flesh, feeling it grow under her caresses.

Cindy could still hardly believe she was doing this. Only a few
hours before, she wouldn't have dreamed of doing anything so
depraved, and now there were butterflies in her stomach as she
felt the cock harden and fill her cheeks. She moaned and slid it
farther into her mouth, feeling the prickhead work at the entrance
of her throat.

Feeling the best of his lust, she slowly sucked on the massive
cocklance, surrendering herself to the domination it represented.
She had to do it, she was forced to, it wasn't her fault. She felt
her chest heaving as she filled her mouth with the solid
cockmeat, sucking and working over the cockhead as she
unconsciously found herself rubbing her thighs together to ease
some of the longing inside her.

"Now pull right back and hold it, and just lick the tip," said
George, not looking at her as he poured himself a glass of wine.

Cindy did it instantly, running her mouth back along the length of
the prickshaft, holding the throbbing length in her hand and letting
her tongue run over the huge meaty cockhead. It tasted of cum
still, very slightly, and she remembered all that white goo he had
pumped into her mouth. She ran the tip of her tongue int6 the tiny
slit where it all poured from and was rewarded with another grunt
from her master.

"Mmmmmnnnn," he said, almost absently. "Do that again, then
swallow my prick right down your throat."

Cindy held the cock and licked into the piss slit again. Then, with
desire rising in her like a dreadful tide that was going to drown
her, she ran the rigid fucker into her muth and groaned as it came
up against the resisting muscles of her throat. She pushed
harder, knowing that she would be punished if she didn't do it
right, and was rewarded with the cock sinking almost an inch
more into her mouth.

"Yeahhhh," said George, taking a drink of wine and studying the
four inches of his cock that still stuck out of Cindy's lips. "Get it
all, kid, or I'll whip the shit outa you till you do."

Cindy groaned in utter terror and tried her best to take all the
cock. She strained and pushed, but no more than another half
inch would sink into her throat before she was gagging and
pulling back, gasping for air. She clung to his cock, frightened as
she tried not to be sick.

"Tut, tut," said George disapprovingly. "Not good enough. Want
another try?"

Cindy was shaking with terror and she frantically nodded, still
gasping for breath and unable to talk. She worked his cock over
with her lips and tongue, then sank it again as far as she could,
but her throat still rsisted and, try as she might, she just strangled
on his cock until she had to give up and pull away, a fresh
outburst of hysterics washing over her.

"Oh please, please, I'll try until I get it, I will George, honest, I will.
Let me try again, please." And she reached for his cock again.

Without looking at her, he jerked her head up by the chaln around
her neck.

"Whore," he said, as he reached for the remalns of his sandwich,
"you gotta lot to learn."
Casually he put the last of the sandwich in his mouth and chewed
away as he reached for the wine, all the time holding Cindy by the
chain. "But we got a lot of time to teach you, you little cunt. And
next time I get into that arse of yours, I want an audience to
appreciate how good I am at it. I mean, what use is it if you're the
only one here? You aren't in a position to comment on my
technique, are you?"

Frantically Cindy shook her head, her chest heaving as she wept.

"So for now," sald George, "just put my cock between those tits of
yours and work it, so that you can get it in your mouth at the top
of each stroke. Now do it."

To Cindy it sounded like a reprieve. She eased the top of her slip
away from where it still somehow managed to partly cover her tits
and slid his great big cock between them. She didn't need to be
told that he wanted her to hold her swelling tit mounds together,
tight on the cockshaft as she slid her whole body up and down
slightly, watching the head of the cock as it slid out from between
her whipped tit flesh.

She let the cockhead work into her mouth as it came up, then let
it retreat until it was hidden in the cleavage of her wonderful soft
tit mounds. Again she felt his desire as he eased upward and she
let his cock slide out of her cleavage and into her mouth.

He took a piece of cake and slowly ate it as he watched her. She
did as he wanted, letting him fuck her tits and mouth with long
leisurely strokes.

"Now, I've got some friends corning in," said George, "and you're
gonna be nice to all of them. But don't worry, we have one thing
to do first. I'm gonna fuck all of your holes first, to prove they're all
right. You do think that's good of me, don'tyou?"

Cindy couldn't even understand what he was talking about, but
she nodded her head as soon as his cock was out of her mouth.

"So, as soon as I've finished this piece of cake, you're gonna
bend over this table and I'm going to fuck your arse.'-

Cindy couldn't believe what she heard. More startled than afraid,
she jerked her head up and stared at him.

"No, no," said George, "you get your head back down, slut." And
he pushed her back.

But Cindy didn't even hear him. "You want to do what?" she
screamed.

"Fuck your arse," said George with a grin, and he picked up the
last piece of cake.

"But, but you can't do that, you can't," said Cindy, and the full
horror burst in on her. He was talking about sticking his cock into
her most private hole of all. Nobody could do that-that was,
impossible, it was too dirty to even think about.

"Oh, I can," said George, "and I'm willing to bet that you love it,
you depraved little cunt. I can't wait, you see, because most of
my friends will want to fuck you, too. And I get to be first on all of
them with you. So get that cute little arse of yours over the table
and let's take a look."

Cindy screamed in horror and tried to struggle to her feet. "Oh no,
no!" she wept. "Please, not that, please, not that, George,
please!"

George just laughed and grabbed her by her neck chain again.
"Over the table, cunt," he said, and almost threw her forward,
face down on the Formica top.
"No!" Cindy screamed. "No, don't make me, please, George,
please! I'll even suck you off again, but not that, please." She
struggled frantically as he slid over the table and leaned in on
her, holding her by the neck.

"Now listen, whore," he said, softly. "You can make this easy on
yourself, or real difficult, I don't care. You know how I love to whip
sluts, and I'll have a field day this time. So don't make me tie you
up, for your sake."

"Oh please, George, have mercy on me," Cindy wept, struggling
for breath as she thought of the dreadful thing he wanted to do to
her "I'll be good, I'll do anything else you want. Why don't you
fuck me again? Why not my, my vagina? You can do that,
George."

"Say cunt," said George, leaning in on her, his breath caressing
her face. She smelled the wine and shuddered as the terror
mounted.

"Cunt," she said, wondering at the awful word as she said it.

"Good. Now, will you make it easy, or difficult?"

"Oh please, no," Cindy wept as she watched him take her neck
chain and lash it to one of the feet of the table. She struggled but
already he had rendered her helpless. The collar bit into the back
of her neck and forced her face over the edge of the table top.
She dared not to try to hit him with her fists. She was too terrified
of what he would do then.

He walked behind the struggling girl. "Now, Cindy," he said softly,
"let's be reasonable. You know I'm gonna get to fuck your arse
one way or another, so why don't you beg me now, instead of
when your arse and cunt are a mass of pain, and I might not
even stop?"
Cindy burst into new floods of tears. "Oh please, George," she
begged. "Please don't humiliate me like this. I was a virgin.
Wasn't that enough?"

George just laughed. "Enough?" he echoed. "I never get enough,
cunt, and neither will you when I've finished with you. Now, beg to
have your arse fucked."

"Please, please, George, not  . aaagghhhh, oh God!" Cindy
screamed as the whip cut across her arse. "Please, be nice,
please, aaahhhhggggg, oh no, no, no, please!" Her legs kicked in
the air and her arms thrashed around, but the neck chain held her
far too tightly to get away.

"Now I'm gonna get real pissed in a moment," said George. "So
this is your last chance."

Cindy screamed in agony as the whip slashed her arse and
suddenly it was her mouth that took over again, begging while the
rest of her struggled and wept at the terrible choice she had. "Oh
yes, you can do it, George, you can do it!" her mouth babbled.
And then, terrified of another whipping, she added: "You can fuck
my arse, oh yes, George, you can fuck my arse!" She collapsed in
a weeping heap over the table.

"Oh, good," said George. "It was getting a bit tedious giving you
all this training."

Cindy sobbed as she saw him put the long whip onto the table
beside her face. He ordered her to spread her legs, and,
trembling with fear, she did so. Then she felt his hands running
over her beaten arse. It was still red from the first time and the
new raw red cuts just added to her pain. Something wet was
being poured over her suffering arse cheeks and she gasped,
wondering what it was.

"Relax," said George caustically. "It's just some oil, help to cool
you down a bit. He chuckled and placed the small bottle where
she could see it. Cindy stared fixedly at the bottle and the whip as
he slowly ran his hands over her arse cheeks, spreading the oil as
he went.

The oil soothed her whipped flesh and she almost groaned with
the soft pleasure that flooded into her. She bit her lip to stifle any
sounds. She couldn't let him know he was pleasing her,
particularly with what he was about to do.

Then she stiffened. She knew it was going to come, but had been
hoping that somehow the moment would be infinitely postponed.
George's fingers ran between the cheeks of her arse and touched
her puckered arsehole. Then Cindy couldn't stifle the moan and
she struggled on the table. Nobody had ever touched her there,
and the humiliation was awful.

"Oh, no," she moaned softly as one of the fingers slid into her
arsehole, just an inch or so, but taking the oil with it. Relentlessly it
pushed on, and Cindy felt it come up against the resistance of
her sphincter muscle.

"Now you just relax, or it will be the worst for you," said George
softly as he pushed the finger farther, up beyond the tight ring of
muscle and into the hotness of her arse.

Cindy gave a gasp and moaned, but she was too terrified to do
anything else. She tried to relax her muscles. George chuckled
as he took his finger out and Cindy moaned and pressed her face
into the table, expecting another terrible whipping.

Instead he poured more oil on her arse and spread it wider, then
rolled most of it into the crack between her arse cheeks and
started working it into her arsehole.

Slowly his finger went back in and Cindy tensed and moaned, not
believing it as another one went in. Two of his fingers in her ass-it
was terrible. He laughed softly as he ran them up and back,
spreading the oil over her arse wall, lubricating it for his cock.

"I think that's enough," he said.

Cindy moaned as she felt the first pressure of his stiff prick
against her arsehole. She couldn't believe he would get his prick
up there, it was so tight, but he shoved and the cockhead slipped
in, sending waves of pain shooting over Cindy's unprepared body.

"Oh, no!" she wept.

He gave another heave and his cock rammed into her tight arse
ring and stopped there as the pain spread and Cindy gripped the
top of the table in her agony.

"Now, relax," he said cheerfully.

Cindy closed her eyes and tried to pretend he wasn't there. But
then she screamed in pain as he forced his massive cockhead
up, beyond her arse muscles and into the passage. Now there
was nothing to stop him and he rammed his fucker in, farther and
farther, until his thighs slapped against her arse.

"Yeahhhh," he said. "Now isn't that great?"

Cindy gave another gasp and sobbed, gripping the edge of the
reading table as the pain soared through her body. Her tits were
pressed flat on the Formica and the pressure on her beaten
nipples only added to her agony. Slowly, George withdrew his
cock until only the cock-head was inside her arse. He fucked
slowly in and out, less than an inch, while his victim wept and
struggled on the table. Then he fucked in again and Cindy gave
another moan.
His massive prick seemed to burst her arse guts apart as he
fucked in and the pain shot into her stomach and chest. George
slid out again and rammed in, throwing Cindy high onto the table,
pressing down on her back to bring her back down.

Cindy gasped and wept as he started fucking her arse with long
cock strokes, slapping against her arse cheeks at the end of each
one, the oil coating his prick as he rammed her arse harder and
faster. He had already come twice, and Cindy was sure she had
heard that men couldn't, well, come as fast after the first or
second time. So she was in for a long, degrading time, half
choking as she was arse fucked over the table where people
studied during the day. She would have to resign on Tuesday, of
course-she could never look at this toom again without
shuddering.

George was fucking her arse faster and faster, grunting as he
heaved her body up. His cock was now sliding right out of her arse
and fucking back in again. There was no resistance left in Cindy's
muscles and her helpless body let him do as he wanted.

Each ramming fuck thrust stretched her tight arse walls and she
moaned and struggled. But, to her terror and disgust, she could
feel those same sensations rising in her again as his brutal
fucking went on. The rasping of his huge prick along her arse ring
was inflaming her fuck lust, something she had never even
known she had befo?e. As his hips bounced into her arse cheeks,
the sensations swept over her, making her giddy.

But she wasn't going to give in, she was not going to let him
make her come as he fucked her arse. Cindy bit her lip, clutched
at her face, digging her nails in to take away from the rising
power of the orgasm. But that wasn't enough. Even the pain of
her nails as they dug into her cheeks couldn't stop the pounding
of the lust as it rose.

She gasped, banged her head on the table top, shouted and tried
to think of something to distract her from the dreadful,
unspeakable fact that she was going to cum.

Fortunately for her, or so she thought, George was now so gone
he didn't notice anything she was doing. His cock heaved and
throbbed in her arse as he rammed and fucked like a wild man,
yelling and cursing as the cum surged in his balls and started to
shoot out.

"Oh yeahhhh, you cunt, oh, yeahhh!" he shouted, "I'm coming up
your arse, cunt, right up your arse, oh yeahhhh!" And his cock
jumped as it squirted hot creamy spunk high into her arse guts.

__________________________________________________




                             CHAPTER SIX


Cindy moaned and beat at the table top, desperately trying not to
come as George yelled and his hips beat at her arse as he fucked
her deeper and harder, cum coating the sore walls of her arse and
spreading down with each frantic thrust he made until Cindy felt
his cum oozing out of her arse and dripping down to her stocking
tops. George was incredible. On and on his cock pumped, creamy spunk
spouting until finally he fell across her and slowly let himself
down, his whole weight falling across the helpless librarian.

"Shit," he said. "Now wasn't that great?"

Cindy moaned. She had managed not to come, but at the most
desperate price to herself. She wanted to grab for his cock with
her arse, hold it there until it had satisfied her. But she couldn't,
she couldn't confess to being such a whore as that. She held
onto the desk top as she did her best not to move and betray
herself.

George chuckled. "I know what you did, my little slut," he said.
"But I'll get you, you just wait. I've got your number, baby. and I
know just how to use it."

Cindy moaned. She felt worse than she had ever felt, even at the
height of the whippings.

Slowly George slid his cock out of her arse and Cindy found her
muscles twitching and grabbing for the last inches of it however
hard she tried not to. Then, with a low chuckle, he walked around
the table and came up to her head, still trapped against fhe table
by the chain and collar.

His prick was inches from her face and she could see the goo
and cum streaked down the length of the cockshaft. The rank
smell of spunk and the oil and her arse juices assailed her nostrils
and she gave a moan of horror as he brought his slimy cock
closer to her lips. His cock still bounced as it came down,
softening slowly, but still enormous.

"Lick it clean," he ordered.

Cindy shook in disgust. Lick his cock when it had been up her
arse? She would be sick, vomit all over the fidor. She shook her
head and tried to hide.

"I said, lick it clean," said George menacingly. "I'll double any
pain you have if you disobey me now."

Cindy stared and felt the vomit rise in her throat. She would have
to do it, but she would be sick and he would punish her for that,
she was sure. The cock came closer and the cockhead rested
against her red lips. With a shudder of disgust, Cindy stuck out
her tongue and flicked a drop of cum from the cocktip where it
quivered in the dim light.

"Good," said George. "Now the rest of it, so it will be as clean as
when I stuck it up your arse when you've finished."

Cindy licked at the prickhead again and more cum came off and
into her mouth, where she swallowed it as fast as she could. The
next licking had some of the oil and she was sure some of her
arse juices on it, and she swallowed that really fast. Desperately,
she closed her eyes. She didn't want to see what might be on the
full length of his cock-perhaps some of her shit-and she couldn't
face the possibility of licking that off.

She felt George slide his cock fully into her mouth and her saliva
glands worked overtime to take up all the cum and fuck slime that
were on the cockshaft. Licking frantically, with her eyes tightly
shut, Cindy sucked it down, cleaning the cock until George was
satisfied she had got it all.

"Mmmmmnn," he said, "that feels good. You've done well, my
little slave. Would you like a drink of wine now?"

Cindy had learned her lesson. She bobbed her head willingly,
sucking on his cock as it still filled her mouth.

"Good," said George, "because we're going to be here quite a
long time, and I wouldn't want you to die of thirst. How about
something to eat?"

Desperately Cindy bobbed her head again and George chuckled
in his nasty way and pulled his cock out of her mouth.

"Now you stay just where you are," he said, "and I'll be right
back."

Cindy watched him as he went around the table and began
making her a sandwich. There was nothing she could do.

He was too near for her to reach down and undo the chain that
held her to the leg of the table, and if she crawled forward to lean
down farther, he would spot it at once and she knew what would
happen then. So she had to wait as he put some food on a plate
and came back around to her.

She thought he would let her up, but he was forcing her
humiliation deeper into her. He took the wine glass and held it to
her lips, tilting it until she could take a sip. He did it until she told
him she'd had enough, and then he put it on the table beside her.

With his captive still bound by the neck, George took the
sandwich and gave her a bite. He stayed right there as Cindy
chewed and swallowed the chicken and bread that suddenly
tasted wonderful to her. He had fed her half of the food, and she
was just feeling the warming effects of the wine.

Suddenly the door crashed open and most of the lights went on.
For a split second Cindy thought somebody had come to her
rescue.

"Turn the fucking light out," George snapped. "I like it dark in
here."

"You're such a fuckin' drag sometimes, George," said a man's
voice. But the lights went out, leaving only the light that shone on
the ladder Cindy had been tied to. "Well, how's it been going?"

Cindy heard footsteps crossing the floor. She craned her neck up
and managed to see that there were too men and two women,
but she couldn't get her face high enough to see who they were.

George stuffed the last of the sandwich into Cindy's mouth. She
didn't want it any longer, but she knew better than to spit it out.
Mechanically, she chewed on it as she watched the legs of the
people coming over to her.
Then she heard a voice she knew.

"Ohhhhh, shit, she's fucking great. Can I fuck her, huh? Can I
fuck her?"

It was Arnie the janitor. He was a big slob of a man, with a beer
belly and a leering look that she had caught occasionally as he
pretended to ignore her.

"In a minute, Arnie," said George. "Let me introduce everybody
first."

"Oh, come on," said Arnie. "I gotcha in here, guys, so I get to fuck
her."

Cindy could hear the pathetic longing in his voice and she knew
he was staring at her helpless and nearly naked body. The
thought of being fucked by such a disgusting man as Arnie sent
shivers running through her, but somehow even with that there
was a hint of the desperate passion she had felt when Qeorge
was fucking her arse.

"You're such an impatient fucker," said George. "Okay then, I
suppose we can do the introductions while you're having your fun.
But no funny stuff, got that?"

"Ohhh, okay, George," said Arnie breathlessly, and he hurried
around to Cindy's arse where it was bent over the table.

Cindy gave a scream and spat her food out onto the floor. "Not
him!" she yelled. "No, George, not him, please, anybody but him."
She struggled on the table, but the chain and collar held.

"What the fuck's wrong with me?" Arnie demanded and Cindy
yelled as he slapped her sore arse cheeks with his huge hand.

"Cut it out, Arnie," said George menacingly. "I told you, no funny
stuff. Now just get on and fuck her. She screams like that when
anybody goes near her. She isn't trained yet."

"Fuck," said Arnie sullenly. "Okay, but I'm gonna fuck her brains
out, got that?"

One of the women who had come in giggled, and Cindy could
hear the strange desperation in Arnie's voice. He wanted to be
part of the gang and he wasn't. Cindy moaned as she felt him rub
his pants across her arse, and the bulge of his cock thrust at her
flesh.

"Feel that, cunt?" he asked. "You're gonna get that right up your
cunt in a minute."

Cindy didn't answer him. She was craning her neck, trying to see
George. She heard Arnie unzip his pants and she kicked out at
him, her high heel catching him on his shin.

"You cunt!" he roared, and Cindy heard his boots as he hopped
over the floor, dutching his leg. "Hey, let me beat the shit outa
her, George, c'mon."

"I told you," said George, "you don't know how to whip the cream
off a custard. Takes technique, Arnie, and you haven't got it. All
you do is raise bruises, and I don't want my slave ruined for later.
Now get on with it and fuck her or get out of here."

Arnie muttered to himself and came back to Cindy. Now that she
knew that she wouldn't be punished for kicking, Cindy made
things as difficult as she could for him. Her feet lashed out in all
directions and caught him again, more than once. Arnie yelled
and cursed at her, but she kept on kicking as fast as she could
until she was breathing heavily and holding onto the edges of the
table for support.
But, in the end he was going to get what he wanted. She was
bound and he wasn't, and he was more than twice Cindy's
weight. He finally pushed between her legs and held them,
pushing down on her thighs as he shoved against her arse. Cindy
could hear the others in the room laughing at the spectacle, and
she felt a surge f fury at the crude treatment she was getting.

"You, you, fucker, George!" she screamed. "You, fucker!" She
stopped, surprised at herself for using such a terrible word, but
the next thing she felt was the tip of Arnie's cock at the entrance
to her cunt. "No!" She bucked her arse upwards, but he
managed to get his prick inside.

"Go, Arnie, ride her!" shouted one of the girls with a giggle.

Cindy yelled as Arnie fucked his cock in farther. His prick slid
easily on the cunt juices that had lubricated it. He gave a shot of
triumph as his cock rammed in balls-deep, and then he started
fucking Cindy like a wild man.

Cindy knew he wouldn't last very long. Arnie was fucking the best
thing he had ever had and his cock was about ready to explode.
Cindy groaned as he shoved her body into the table, but there
was already a surge of disappointment in her.

After George's cock, this one was small, hardly filling her cunt at
all. In fact Arnie was a really bad fucker, ramming in and out and
barely filling Cindy's suddenly throbbing cunt.

George came up to her head with the rest of the party. He
reached down and pulled the chain free of the leg of the table and
pulled Cindy's head up.

For the first time she got a good look at the other man and the
two women. Arnie was still ramming her body into the table and
George kept a very firm grip on the chain.
"This is Bill," said George, indicating a slim, tall man who stood to
one side, watching it all with a strange detachment. "We take
turns in training our slaves. So this is Eve, who he trained." He
pointed to the first of the girls.

Cindy couldn't see that much in the light, and it was made worse
by Arnie still fucking away at her cunt. She was actually not
feeling that much at all from the fucking, just a sense that a round
shaft was being pushed into her cunt faster and faster. However,
she could make out Eve fairly well. She was a blonde, with
flowing hair below her shoulders and a wide, sensuous mouth,
high cheekbones and a face that was beautiful. She had a sultry
apearance.

"And this is Paula," said George, pointing to the other girl.

Paula was darker, with a foxy face that somehow retained its
innocence as she grinned at the sight of Cindy getting fucked.

"Hi," said Paula, and she slid her short dress up her thighs,
rubbing her cunt as if impatient to get on with it.

Cindy didn't answer. She had nothing to do with sluts like these
two who would stand and watch a woman being abused like this.

But they wouldn't have to stand there for long. Arnie was coming.
Cindy could feel his beer belly slap against her arse as he fucked
in and out, and he yelled as his cock spasmed.

"Ohhhh yeahhh, oh fuck, I'm shooting, oh feel that cum, baby,
feel that cum!" he bellowed as he shot the first jet of jizz into her
cunt. "Oh, take it, fuck meat!" And his cock shot more creamy spunk and
he moaned and subsided against her arse.

Cindy glared at George. She couldn't say what was on her mind.

If she was going to be degraded and fucked, then it should be by
somebody who knew what they were doing, not a wimp like Arnie.
The stirrings of lust she had started with were gone completely,
and she was cold and disgusted. Arnie's cock was going down so
fast she hardly knew it had been there. His limp prick plopped out
of her cunt and a thin stream of cum ran down her thighs.

Bill slowly walked around the table. He picked up a wine glass
and surveyed Cindy's arse and legs as she lay there, silent,
resentful. He pulled Arnie out of the way and the janitor collapsed
in a seat and looked vacantly at them all.

"Arnie," said Bill as he ran his hands over Cindy's arse cheeks.
"You gotta learn what league you play in." He didn't elaborate and
Arnie stared at him as if he hadn't understood the statement.
"Take her away and wash her."

Instantly George gave a laugh and handed the chain to Eve. "And
hurry up," he said. "We know what you're like when you get three
women together."

"Yes, sir," said Eve, almost mockingly, and she ran her hands
over the hard shaft of his cock. "You promised me," she said. "I
was very naughty today."

"You'll get yours," George said softly.

Eve grinned and purred as she leaned in and kissed his neck,
pushing her swelling tits in their thin blouse into his chest.

"Now get her washed up," said George.

As Cindy was dragged across the floor, she heard George and
Bill laughing about something as they settled down, ignored Arnie
and started to eat.

"Come on, you shit," said Paula, pushing Cindy through the door
and back down the corridor to the bathroom.

"Now wash your cunt out," said Eve as they got inside. She
pushed Cindy to the bowl and watched her get on with it.

As Cindy miserably took a face cloth and started to wash the cum
from her legs, she realized she had to go to the toilet. "Please,"
she whispered.

"Yeah?" said Eve.

"I want to, to"

"Take a piss?" said Paula coarsely.

Cindy nodded.

"Well, get on with it,",said Eve. "It'll get some of that cum out.
Why the hell bother with Arnie, I don't know."

Cindy stared in horror as she realized she would have to take a
piss with the two girls standing there. She was too scared to
protest. "I don't think I really have to," she said quietly.

"Don't be so fuckin' stupid," said Eve. "You just got your arse
fucked. Now get on with it, because I wouldn't like to be in your
shoes if you piss back in there."

Cindy went into one of the stalls and they let her close the door.

"They stay with Arnie," said Paula, "because he's so useful. Hell,
he gets them into any building they want, practically."

"Yeah," said Eve, "but we're the ones who have to fuck him to
pay for it. Shit, that fucker turns me off like a fuckin' hydrant."
Paula giggled. "It's her turn now," she said. "She's payin' now."

The two of them were still giggling as Cindy flushed the toilet and
came out. They made her clean herself completely. Then there
was a further humiliation. Paula checked Cindy out, running her
hands over her thighs, checking and pulling her stockings
straight, cleaning off the cum that was clinging to the tops of
them.

Then, as Cindy gasped and tried to get away, Paula ran a finger
into Cindy's cunt and checked it for any remaining cum. It passed
her inspection and she took the chain again, and the two of them
dragged the helpless librarian back into the main room.

George remained in his chair as they came in, and Arnie glared
balefully at them as he sat, his cock drooping over the front of his
pants.

Bill swung to his feet. "Bring her here," he said.

Cindy trembled even more at his voice than she had at George's.
He indicated the pool of light by the ladder, and Eve and Paula
took her there and left her, standing, shaking from head to toe as
Bill casually walked around her, sipping his wine all the time.

"Now," he said, "let's take a look at you."

__________________________________________________




CHAPTER SEVEN


Standing there in her slip and stockings. Cindy trembled. Her legs
shook as he slowly came back to face her, and the knots of fear
in her stomach got horribly worse. But there was something else,
and Cindy was even more terrified and ashamed of that.

The excitement was rising in her, the dreadful seething
excitement that told her she was at the hands of a man who knew
what he was doing. She could feel her cunt getting wet as he
surveyed her with that ice-like calm.

"Take the top of that slip away and show me your tits," he said
with the same deadly quiet.

Cindy's hands shook as they performed the simple task of
spreading the top of her slip and letting him see her swelling, red-
lined tits.

"Play with them," Bill said, watching Cindy gasp at the new
humiliation being heaped on her.

"What?" Cindy whispered.

She glanced behind her and her horror grew. Arnie was sitting in
his chair, slowly running his hand up and down his cock as he
stared at her. His prick was already getting hard again, and Cindy
was sure it would be her he demanded to fuck with it. And then
Paula was on her knees between George's feet, her hot mouth
running up and down the length of his hard prick.

She held the cockshaft and was murmuring contentedly as she
licked and sucked. George lay back in the chair, not really taking
much notice of Cindy anymore. He was too involved with Eve as
the two of them kissed and ran their hands over each other's
body. George had Eve's tits out of her blouse and was rubbing
her nipples as she ran her wanton lips down his neck and
whispered to him.

"I said, play with them," said Bill. "Take your tits and do what you
do when you want to give yourself a good time." He stared and
took another drink of his wine.

"I . . .I don't do things like that," said Cindy defiantly.

"Now you do," said Bill and he came up to her, putting his wine
down on a step of the ladder.

Somehow that very movement made Cindy understand what was
going to happen to her. He came closer and took Cindy's sore, thick
nipple in his fingers and rolled the flesh, slowly, softly. His eyes
looked deep into hers and Cindy found the terrible sensations she
was having get stronger. She moaned as Bill gently squeezed her
nipples.

"Now you do whatever I tell you to do," said Bill. "You see," he
went on, his eyes boring into Cindy and sending quivers of
terrible anticipation through her, "George and I share our slaves,
but each one belongs to just one of us in the end.

Eve is his and Paula's mine, but, as you see, we share. So he
traded with me. He would get first shot at you, and I would do the
rest. I'm training you now, slut. I'm training you to be a nice,
obedient slave. And you will be."

Cindy's body shook as his skillful hands tightened slowly on her
nipples and waves of pain came out, spreading into her chest and
making breathing difficult. In an agony of shame she felt the lust
rising in her body.

"You see, we know you," said Bill, and his fingers tightened
another notch on her nipples. "Look at your tits. Most sluts give in
at the sight of the whip, and you, fuck, you got whipped to hell
and bck and I bet you came, eh?" He gave her tits a hard twist.

Cindy almost passed out as she shivered and her knees buckled.
She moaned and again she heard laughter from behind her. Her
whole body raged with a fire now, anticipation, fear, lust-all of
them surged, making her vision cloud and her breath get shorter.
"Now play with your tits," said Bill.

Cindy slowly raised her hands to her swelling tits and lifted them
higher as she held them. Bill stepped back and took up his wine
again Cindy would have thought he was utterly indifferent to what
she was doing, if it hadn't been for the huge cock bulge in the
front of his pants as he watched her.

Cindy lifted her tits and squeezed them gently, playing her hands
over the whipped flesh and feeling it respond instantly. Pinpricks
of new lust went out to send the conflict in her ven higher. She
put her own fingers on her nipples, where Bill's had been so
recently, and moaned as she felt herself responding. She could
see herself in the full-length mirror as she lifted and squeezed her
beautiful mounds of tit flesh, and that added an extra tinge of hell
to her predicament.

She remembered the thousands of times she had watched
herself in that mirror. The many times she had posed, when she
knew nobody would be watching. Just tonight she had admired
her wonderful body there and now she was being forced to play
with her own tits while people looked on. She caressed her tit
flesh, feeling the rising fuck lust taking her body over as she
stared at Bill like a rabbit before a snake.

Pain flared out of her arse cheeks and Cindy woke up very fast as
she screamed and jumped around to face Bill. He held a slim
cane in his hand. It was about four feet long and the end still
trembled from when it had lashed across Cindy's taut arse.

"Let me explain some of the mistakes you just made," said Bill, in
that same level voice. Cindy trembled and got up enough
courage to glance downwards. His cock bulge seemed to have
grown.

"First of all, did I give you permission to look around?"
"N-no," said Cindy, shaking her head as new tears started up in
her eyes. He was so cruel, so implacable, and she was so
helpless. Her hands still held her trembling tits, but they weren't
caressing them any longer.

"So, bend down and touch your toes," said Bill.

Cindy gave a moan of helplessness. She knew what he was
going to do and there was nothing she could do to stop it. And, as
that realization hit her, the excitement climbed once more and
she almost choked as her chest heaved. Slowly she bent at the
waist. As a schoolgirl she had been proud of her ability to do this
effortlessly, and it was with a pang of the same pride that she
realized she still could. She could touch her toes and keep the
backs of her knees straight.

Then the agony burst out of her arse again as the crack of the
wood on her flesh echoed off the walls. Cindy gave a piercing
scream and almost fell forward onto the floor.

"Stand up!" Bill snapped.

Cindy struggled back upright, the agony spreading from her arse
and making her cry once more, but also making her warm and
trembly all over. She choked and looked at her tormentor. Cindy
stared and sobbed as she realized the game he was playing. She
lifted her hands back to her tits, but she was too slow. The cane
cracked across her nipples.

"You stopped playing with your tits, didn't you?" Bill asked as
Cindy almost doubled up, clutching her tits and sobbing with the
pain.

"Y-yes," Cindy wept as more of the pain rose to consume her.

"So, bend over."
Cindy gave a scream, a strange scream of fear and lust that
choked out of her throat like a last gasp of desperation. With her
mind in an utter whirl of terror, she slid her hands down her legs
until they held her ankles and waited, trembling from head to toe.

The pain shot through her arse again and she screamed, feeling
her body rock forward on her high heels. The whirling in her head
increased until she couldn't think any longer and all there was in
her life was pain and rising lust.

"Stand up," said Bill.

And, again, the sobbing librarian straightened up and looked at
him through eyes half misted with tears. She fondled her - tits as
she stood there, desperate to avoid giving him any more reason
to whip her.

"And your stocking seams are crooked," said Bill.

Cindy groaned and, without a word, she slid her hands back down
her legs until she held her ankles again and waited, feeling more
helpless than she had ever felt in her life before.

"Both stocking seams are out of line," said Bill.

Cindy screamed. Her arse trembled, and the beaten arse flesh
waited for more. The terrible pain burst out from highe? on her
stretched arse cheeks than the flrst time.

Cindy rocked forward as she yelled in agony and another terrible
cut from the cane slashed across her asscheeks. Her knees gave
way and she fell to the floor, clutching her arse and rubbing the
beaten flesh as she moaned and wept.

"Get up," said Bill nastily.

He waited while the terrified, weeping and shaking woman
crawled back to her feet and once more stood to face him. Her
hands were back, still rubbing her arse as tears ran down her
cheeks. "What should you be doing?"

Cindy gave a gasp of fear and tried to get her hands back to her
tits, but the cane got there first, as usual. In the mirror, she saw
her tits bounce down and then up with the force of the blow and
the pain thrashed through her flesh like a tornado let loose in her
guts.

"Aaaaagghhhh! Oh, God!" she sobbed as she fell to her knees
again, clutching at her tits.

"Get up!" Bill snapped, and the cane lashed across Cindy's arse.

Cindy's scream echoed from the lines of books, but she couldn't
get up. She fell forward onto her hands and knees as the cane let
loose rivers of lust and pain in her. She couldn't hear Bill any
longer. She was just a mewling, weeping mess of flesh, utterly
helpless before him.

"I said, get up!" snapped Bill, and the cane bit into Cindy's hot
arse flesh again.

Cindy screamed and she sank farther, falling to her elbows, her
arse sticking up in the air, the perfect target for the cane. Bill
slashed it and Cindy sobbed and fell to her face, her arms
stretched out, scratching at the wooden floor boards as she
screamed and wept and her arse circled, waiting for the agony she
knew was coming.

"So, that's the kind of whore you are, eh?" said Bill.

He lashed her again, sending the crouching woman several
inches across the floor with the force of the blow.
Cindy's screams became continuous as she struggled on the
floor. Bill slashed her arse again and Cindy tightened into a ball,
giving him an even better shot at the taut flesh of her rounded arse
cheeks.

He laid into her, the cane lashing a line of red pain and then
pulling back for the next one, just above the one before, until he
had reached the top of her arse. Then he whipped down again,
llne by agonizing line, hearing the girl scream extra loud at each
cut. But she made no attempt at all to get up.

She clung there, insane with the feeling crashing and multiplying
in her with every cut of the thin cane. Bill stood over her, whipping
into her, slice by slice, timing his cuts to slash into her flesh at the
peak of each swaying bounce of her arse.

Cindy was unconcsious of almost everything by now. She didn't
know that her arse would pulse down as the cane landed across it.
She didn't hear Bill telling her to get up as he whipped her each
time. She didn't know her arse would then reach up, higher and
higher until the slash of the cane sent it flying down again.

All she knew was a sea of pain and lust that crashed over her,
sending her screaming at the top of her lungs as the pain crashed
to a peak.

And suddenly each lashing was giving her an orgasm of such
intensity they were blended in-to one almost immediately.

She didn't hear Bill calling her a whore as she screamed, and her
body pulsed with the release of the climax that had been building
for so long.

She didn't see Arnie rubbing his cock like crazy as he watched
and drooled at the sight, his cock hard and ready to shoot again.

She didn't see George watching her as Paula fucked up and
down on his cock and he pinched her nipples, sending her
moaning and heaving back against him.

Cindy didn't see Eve as she sucked and licked at the two of them
and rubbed her own throbbing, wanton cunt.

Cindy missed it all as she came on the floor, bunched tight, her
arse waving, begging for the pain as each slash of the whip sent
her climax higher. Her arse was one mass of red, whipped flesh.

Suddenly she shook out of control, her arse pulsed and rose, and
Cindy was stretching upward, somehow pushing her face off the
floor with her hands, her knees straightening. Her arse was
sticking up as she screamed and held there-on her fingertips and
her toes-while Bill lashed her arse five more times.

Then, with a piercing screech of satisfaction, Cindy fell back to
the floor and collapsed in a sobbing heap, her arse still slowly
pulsing and juices flowing from her cunt onto the wooden floor.
She was semi-delirious as the come faded and she started to fall
into a deep pit of silence, but Bill wouldn't allow her to go yet.

Suddenly her hair was grabbed and Bill hauled her upright by it.

"You fucking slut," he whispered in her ear. "You fucking, cock-
sucking, ass-lickin' cunt. Look what you made Arnie do."

For a second Cindy couldn't understand, and then she saw. Arnie
was groaning as cum bubbled out of the tip of his cock and ran
down over his hands and cockshaft as he looked vacantly at the
beaten girl and her master,

"He shot his load just watching you, whore," said Bill. "I've never
seen such a disgusting display of sheer, fucking nymphomania in
my life.  Now lick up your cunt juices that got all over the floor."
He flung Cindy back dow and she shuffled across to where a pool
of her cunt juice was on the wooden boards. If she had been
conscious of what she was doing, she would have been horrified,
but there was only a pounding in her head and she couldn't think
of anything except the last command she had been given.

She bent down and licked at her cunt juices. She lapped the
pool up, dimly hearing George and Paula yelling as they came in
the chair. Her eyes glazed with lust, she looked up as her tongue
cleaned the last of her cunt juice from the floor and saw Eve
licking up George's cum as it oozed out of Paula's cunt with each
heave of her cunt up and down on his cum-spurting fucker.

Bill grabbed Cindy's hair again and pulled her back until she was
staring up into his eyes. "You little shit," he whispered. "You
made everybody else come but me. You'll pay for that, whore!"
He tossed her back downwards.

Cindy fell back to the floor, and this time the dark pit of silence
engulfed her instantly.

__________________________________________________




CHAPTER EIGHT


Slowly, Cindy came back to life. She was breathing heavily, still
on the floor, and the smell of the wood filled her nostrils. She
moaned and rolled onto her back, wincing as her whipped arse
came in contact with the hard boards. She ran her hands over her
tits, holding them, marveling that they weren't more painful after
all they had been through. Dimly she remembered her shame,
coming on the floor, her arse begging for the whip as Bill slashed
her naked flesh. That hadn't been her. It couldn't have been! She
stared at the rows of books above her, wondering at her terrible
behavior.

Then she heard the rest of them. They were over by the food on
the long table, laughing and chatting as they ate. Even Arnie was
there, but concentrating on his food, not looking up at the others.

"Ah, ha," said George suddenly. "Our sexy librarian is awake.
Want some food, cunt? You need it after your last performance."
He turned to the other two girls. "I ain't seen one of you go that
crazy when we whip the shit outa you." He laughed. "Another few
days and we won't be able to hold her back." And he laughed
again. "Go get her-"

Sulkily the two girls got up and came over to Cindy as she lay on
the floor. She tried to pull her torn slip up to cover her tits, but it
wouldn't stay there. And it certainly wouldn't do more than just
cover her red arse cheeks and trembling cunt.

"Get up bitch!" Eve snarled as she stood above Cindy, her legs
spread.

She no longer had her hot pants on, just a pair of low boots and
her tiny top that thrust her high tits up. Cindy could see up to
where cum glistened over the hair of her cunt lips.

Cindy wasted no time in scrambling to her feet, and Paula
grabbed her chain as she swayed in front of them. Paula still had
her skirt and blouse on, though she had lost her panties and her
blouse was open to the waist. She pulled on Cindy's chain and
forced her to follow them over to the long table.

Bill looked on from his chair and gave a slow smile. He was the
only one of the four still fully dressed, and Cindy could see that
the cock bulge in the front of his pants had got even bigger and
more menacing.

"You wanna eat?" asked George.

"Y-yes, please," said Cindy, staring at the food that now looked
so good.

"Well, we'll see if you're a good enough girl to eat," said George.

Cindy gasped and hung her head. The idea of putting Arnie's
horrible cock in her mouth disgusted her all over again, but at
least she had done it before to George, so it wouldn't be too bad.

Arnie looked like the cat that got the cream as Cindy slowly came
over to him. He turned in his chair and spread his legs. He was
cramming a sandwich into his mouth and taking large gulps of the
wine as he did so. He belched and grinned at her. "Get on with it,"
he said, pointing to his cock.

Cindy looked at his prick. It was flabby and hung between his
legs like a soft sausage. But, even as she looked at it, she saw
his cock tremble and lurch. As she sank to her knees between his
legs, she watched his cock rising upward. It gave her a strange
pang of excitement.

She could make a man get hard just by looking at his cock. She
could bring him off too, she was sure of that. She had some
strange power. Men wanted her. She leaned forward and took
Arnie's cock in her fingers, running it through them, squeezing the
cockhead gently, cupping his balls, feeling the flaccid cockmeat
slowly growing hard.

She moaned slightly as she flicked her lips over the flesh and
heard Arnie gasp as his prick swelled and stiffened. Cindy closed
her eyes and slid the cocktip into her mouth and played her
tongue over the trembling surface, holding the rapidly hardening
prickshaft in her hands.

Arnie leaned back in his chair and grinned.

"Fuck," he said, "she sucks like a real one."

"Yeah, sure, Arnie," said George. "You wait till she's properly
trained. And you can have her then f you play right by us."

"Oh, you bet, George," said Arnie breathlessly. "Anything you
guys want." He went back to his sandwich and reached down for
Cindy's head.

Cindy now had his cock Yight in her mouth and was sucking
gently on it as she played with his hairy balls. Then his hand
pushed her farther onto his hard cockmeat and she gagged and
tried to pull away. Her throat constricted and she felt vomit rising
from her stomach. She gasped for air, still holding onto his
throbbing cockshaft.

"Suck it right down, bitch," snarled Arnie, and he reached for her
head again.

"Sorry, sorry," Cindy sobbed, terrified of another whipping. "Just
give me a moment, just a moment." She took great gasps of air
and tried to get her breathing and throat back under control.

"Shit," said Eve. She came over and took Cindy's chain again. "I'll
show you what to do, cunt. Now suck it! It's not that big, and
you'd better learn sometime."

Cindy felt Eve pull on her chain and slowly force her mouth back
over Arnie's hard cock. The sour taste of her vomit was still in her
throat and she desperately needed something to clean it out with.
Instinctively, she took his prick in her hands again and started to
suck, running her tongue over the hard surface, feeling the
cocktip beat back at the entrance to her throat.

"Now, lean back, Arnie," said Eve. "I'm gonna teach this cock-
suckin' bitch how to do it.''
Then, to Cindy's utter horror. Eve let go of the chain and swung
her leg over Cindy's head until she was straddling her neck,
pressing her face harder down onto Arnie's cock. It was horrible!
Cindy could feel the wet slit of Eve's cunt rubbing over her flesh,
spreading her juices and cum over the back of her neck. Eve
grabbed Cindy by the hair, two whole handfuls of it, and then had
her absolutely helpless.

Arnie leaned back as Eve had told him to and his cock stiffened
to new hardness as he watched the two women, one of them
desperately trying to suck all his cock down and the other,
standing over her in her high heeled boots, her hot wet cunt
forcing Cindy down and down while she held her long dark hair.

Cindy was almost choking again. Arnie's cock was not as big as
George's, but it was more than long enough to fuck into her throai
and choke her.

She struggled, letting her hands go to the floor as she tried to
push herself up against the overwhelmIng force that Eve was
exerting on her. The prick throbbed in her mouth.

"Come on, bitch," said Eve. "Suck that fucker! Come on!" And
she spread her legs and gave a hard yank on Cindy's hair.

Cindy groaned around Arnie's hard cockmeat. She choked, but
there was nowhere she could go now. She had to suck it, had to
take his prick as far as down as it was pushed.

She felt her throat open a little bit and then rebel, convulsing as it
tried to force Arnie's cock back out. She couldn't breathe
anymore, colored dots floated in front of her eyes and she knew
she would black out soon.

"Breathe through your nose, you stupid slut," said Eve, giving
Cindy's hair another hard pull.
The pain was nowhere near as bad as the whipping, But Cindy
felt even more abused. It was a woman doing this to her, making
her do this degrading thing. Arnie's hard cock seemed to grow in
her mouth as it was forced farther in. She had almost given up
sucking, she was so desperate just to keep breathing. She
concentrated, took in the air through her nose, and it became
easier.

"She's not sucking me, the cunt," Arnie said suddenly. "She's just
sitting there."

"Oh, don't worry, Arnie," said George. "We can fix that."

Cindy moaned and tried to suck Arnie's cock better, but somehow
she couldn't do it. She was still too involved in just breathing
without choking. His cock grew even more and she knew he was
staring out to where George was corning across the floor, the
whip curled lazily in his hand.

"Now, cock-sucking lessons," George said.

Cindy gave a great moan and heave, but Eve tightened her grip
on Cindy's hair to make her point more obvious.

The pain filled Cindy's cunt. George was demonstrating what an
expert he was with the whip again. She was on her knees, but he
could still curl the tip of the leather lash around and cut right
across her clit and cunt opening.

Her scream was muffled by the cock in her mouth, and she felt it
slide in, another half inch as her throat opened and Eve spread
Cindy's legs even farther and pushed down.

"Now get your hands off the floor and hold his balls," said
George, whipping Cindy's inflamed cunt.

Cindy's mouth and throat were pulsing out of control with the
agony as she somehow got her hands up and cradled Arnie's
balls. Eve chose to lower her cunt even farther onto the back of
her neck. And Eve held her hair even tighter, pulling her head
back so that she had to take more of the cock and couldn't even
try to close her jaw.

The whip cut into her cunt and Cindy felt those familiar and
dreadful feelings again. The pain churned in her head as she felt
Arnie's cock ram the last inch or so into her throat. Her lips were
at the base of his prick now and she could smell the rank odor of
his cock hair as it tickled her nose. At least the awful thing
couldn't go any farther.

Pain erupted again from her clit and Cindy knew that she was
going to come again, shameful as it was. She couldn't help it-
whatever they did to her, she came. The whip cut her, and the
pain surged through her unresisting flesh and she felt her throat
and mouth muscles throbbing around the cock, try ing to get
more of it now.

Then she felt Eve, pressing down on her neck, start to rub her clit
up and down in a way that could only mean one thing. Eve was
going to bring herself off on the back of Cindy's neck as she
watched Cindy get whipped in the long mirror.

"Oh yeah," Eve groaned, grabbing more of Cindy's hair and
heaving upward on it as she forced her mouth down on the cock.
"Come on, fuck-face, suck it all down, take that cum, oh yeahhhh,
oh shit, I'm coming, oh shit!" And she gave a scream of delight
and her hips thrashed forward and back and her throbbing little
cunt slid over Cindy's neck, lubricated by her flowing cunt
juices.

Cindy felt herself sliding into the pit of depravity again.

The whip lashed her clit, and she screamed, but already her arse
was lifting for the next blow, her legs were spreading to give him
the best target he could have. And he used it, whipping Cindy in a
series of circular strokes that flowed around in the air, out to
crash on-to her flesh and instantly sweep back, high in the air and
back again, curling under for Cindy's pulsing, hot cunt.

Cindy felt Arnie's cock throbbing in her mouth as the cum boiled
out of his balls and surged down his cockshaft as it fucked into
her throat.

"Oh, fuck yeah," Arnie bellowed. "Oh fuck, am I gonna shoot!
Take it, cunt, take it, suck it all down." He thrust himself high in
the seat, forcing his cock deeper into Cindy's mouth.

There wasn't much Cindy could do. She had to take it. And to add
to her shame, she knew she was coming, pulses of orgasm rising
like waves at each slash of the whip. She felt the first jet of
Arnie's creamy spunk burst in her throat. She couldn't taste his cum, it shot
so deep and slid straight into her stomach. Above her, Even
moaned and rolled on her neck, twisting Cindy's head by her hair
as she rolled, and her hot clit sent waves of orgasm flowing out
over her.

"Ohhhhh," Eve sighed. "Ohhhh fuck, that's good, oh yeah, that's
good!" And she yanked Cindy's head up as she bore down even
harder on her cock.

Cindy hoped her orgasm would be concealed as she sucked and
took Arnie's flowing cum down her throat. She closed her eyes
and tried to ignore the pulses that tore through her and made her
want more, more of this disgusting, degrading sex. Her mouth
spread wider and her tongue licked out over Arnie's throbbing
balls as they delivered the last of their load into her throat. Her
body heaved up and down and George whipped her to the beat of
it, delighting in exposing her weakness.
"Look at that," Eve chuckled as she pulled Cindy's neck against
her cunt for the last few pulses of her own cum. "The fuckin' bitch
is cumin' again. Whatdaya think about that?" She jerked her
spread thighs around Cindy's neck, enjoying the groan from the
helpless librarian.

"What did I tell you?" said George, with calm delight. "I told you
she would be the greatest, didn't I? Watch that arse go, watch it!
Fuck, she's hotter than hell."

"She's not better than me!" Eve screamed in fury, and she almost
tore some of Cindy's hair out in her rage. "Fuck, she can't do the
things we do. You're a fuckin' shit, George, you really are."

As the last of all their orgasms faded, and Arnie's cock started to
soften in Cindy's mouth again, Eve slid her legs down Cindy's
stillheaving, moaning body and leaned in close to her ear.

"You cut this out, whore," she snarled. "You think you're smart,
comin' off like this-now cut it out."

Cindy finally managed to pull her mouth away from Arnie's
softening cock. She gave a last jump and scream as George
lashed her cunt, and she almost fell to the floor.

"But I don't like it!" she wept. "It's, it's nasty. I wofl't do it again, I
promise. All I want to do is get out of here, honestly." Tears
flowed down her face as she crouched on all fours, and Arnie's
subsiding cock sank into her hair, running drops of white cum into
it.

George chuckled and stopped the whip. "I ought to beat the shit
outa you for lying," he said. "But, you know somethin'? You don't
even know you are. You're incredible. Just wait till you
understand what a whore you are. Fuck, that'll be the best!"

He went back to the table and Cindy burst into floods of tears.

"Please let me go!" she cried. "Please, I won't say a thing about
tonight. I won't report you, honestly I won't. Just let me go and I'll
keep real quiet . . . please?"

Eve laughed and swung her legs back over Cindy's body. "Come
on, fuck-face," she said.

"Get up, the men are waiting for you. And," she whispered, "if you
take Bill away from me, I'll kill you, you wait."

"I don't want him," Cindy sobbed, feeling she was being utterly
misunderstood. "All I want is to get out of here."

"I thought you wanted something to eat, slut," said Eve, pushing
er at the table.

Cindy fell against the table and clutched at it, holding herself
upright.

"Sit down," said George pleasantly. "Have something to eat, and
some wine."

He pushed the bottle across to her and Cindy almost grabbed at
it. Her hand shaking, she poured a large shot into the glass and
downed it, clearing the lingering taste of vomit, and the sticky
cum that had shot from Arnie's cock. She took part of a sandwich
and gobbled it down, looking around almost furtively as she
realized how hungry and desperate she was.

"You must be really tired, Arnie," said Bill suddenly. "We'll see
you next week."

"Oh, oh yeah," said Arnie, getting up meekly and zipping his
pants up. "Hey, thanks for the good time, guys. That was good."
"Plenty more where that came from," said Bill casually. "We'll let
you know.'

"Yeah, sure," said Arnie.

He stood there so pathetically that Cindy was sorry for him. He
slowly walked back over to the door, his shoulders humped in
disappointment.

George chuckled. "You get fuckin' brutal at times," he said to Bill.

"Aw hell," Bill grinned. "You ever seen Arnie get it up more than
twice? Fucking drag on the party from now on."

"Not to mention the fact that you won't fuck in front of him," said
George, with another grin.

"Damn right," said Bill without any sign of anger. "Now I'm ready
for this cunt and I want him outa here."

Cindy almost choked on the piece of sandwich she was eating.
She knew that she would have to fuck Bill before the night was
out. And, for the first time, she had to admit it-there was surge of
excitement as she looked at the cock-bulge in his pants.

She went on chewing the sandwich, staring at the bulge,
imagining the massive cock in there. Bill knew she was doing it,
but he ignored her.

He took a drink of wine and ran his hand over Eve's arse. Eve
smiled and sat on his knee, cuddling him, running her hands
inside his shirt. Her look told Cindy that she had better be careful.

__________________________________________________




CHAPTER NINE


"Okay," said Bill, easing Eve off his knee. "About time I had this
cunt. So you two get together and show her what's coming and
leave the rest to me."

"Oh, you shit," saidEve, dropping to her knees and trying to slide
his zipper down. "I get first go at your cock, come on."

Slowly Bill ran his hands into her blonde hair, and then Eve began
screaming as he pulled her back to her feet by it and then held
her there, twisting and gasping as he stared into her face.

"Now listen, cunt face," he said with terrible menace," you gotta
lot coming to you for what you did today, so just take that and
don't make me give you any more. Got that? I'm gonna fuck this
cunt and you'll watch me. And, if she's better than you, then she
gets your place and I'll give you away to somebody. Got that?"

"Oh, please, no, I'll be g9od," Eve promised. "I'll do everything
you say."

"Good," said Bill, and he let her hair go.

Eve stood there, rubbing her head and crying softly.

"Come here," said George.

Slowly Eve stopped rubbing her sore head and went over to him.
He pulled her blouse off, the last piece of clothing she had on,
and walked around her, slowly taking in her luscious body. Cindy
sat with new terror rising in her, and also the awful fuck lust once
more. She felt her heart beating faster, felt her cunt getting
damp as George came to a stop in front of Eve and took one of
her high rounded tits in his hand.
"I hear you were a very bad girl today," he said softly.

"Oh yes, yes I was," said Eve, and she hung her head and
started crying again.

"And what did you do that was so naughty?" asked Bill.

Eve moaned as he twisted her nipple and Cindy remembered
what that felt like and gasped in sympathy.

"I-I couldn't wait for tonight," Eve said, the confession being
wrung out of her. "I-I did it to myself. I tossed off!"

George tightened his grip on her nipple and turned it savagely.
"Well, we must certainly punish you for that. Now, we have a little
girl here who doesn't believe that she will ever suck a woman's
cunt. Silly of her. But we're going to show her what will happen if
she refuses. Aren't we?"

"Oh, yes, if you say so," wept Eve as her nipples were squeezed
and pulled.

"Good, now get on your back on the table," said George, and Eve
walked over to the table and lay on it, her whole body trembling.

"Get up, slut," said a voice behind her, and Cindy spun around to
see Bill standing there. In his hand was an enormous vibrator,
bigger and longer than even George's cock had been. Cindy
looked at it and shivered. The idea of that gigantic thing in her
cunt was more than she could think about. "Bend over that table
there."

Bill indicated the table next over from the one where Eve was
already lying on her back, her legs in the air and spread to
George's commands.

"On your face, whore!" snapped Bill as Cindy started to do as Eve
had done. "Face down, that way, cunt-don't you ever learn?"

Cindy tensed, expecting a lash of the whip. It didn't come, and
she was left there, her face only a few feet from where Eve lay,
Eve's legs now well over her head and being pulled down farther
by George and Paula.

Fascinated, Cindy watched as George lashed rope around Eve's
ankle as Paula did the same to her other foot. Then they tied the
rope around the legs of the table and heaved on them until Eve
was almost bent in two. She screamed and moaned as her legs
were pulled down and farther apart, and she ended up with her
ankles below her head and her open arse and cunt pulled high into
the air.

Cindy heard a thud beside her head. She spun to face it and
there was the vibrator. Bill tapped it on the Formica surface again
for emphasis. Cindy stared at he ribbed length of hard rubber. It
had a head like a real cock, swollen and enormously large. The
shaft was rough like a heavily veined cock and, at the end there
were straps-and Cindy now had some idea of what Bill would do
with those.

"What do you think I'm gonna do with this?" Bill asked with a low
chuckle.

"You   . you . . . you'll fuck me with it," said Cindy, and she burst
into tears yet again.

"Oh, yes," said Bill. "But it's your arse I'm gonna fuck with it. And
then we start the real fun and games, my little whore."

"W-what!" Cindy screamed. She looked again at the vibrator and
knew that it would split her in two if it was ever rammed into her
arse.
"Now," he went on, leaning down to her face, "if you're a good girl
and stay where you are and watch what you have to do in a little
while, then I won't tie you down, then I'll whip the shit outa you
before we start. Got that?"

"Y-yes," sobbed Cindy, and she almost collapsed across the
table.

She watched as George slid a long leather strap around Eve's
waist and slipped that around a table leg. Then he pulled on itso
that Eve's arse was heaved downwards, pulling against the strain
in her legs. Eve moaned and gave a low gasp, but George pulled
on the belt until he had heaved her arse almost back down to the
table top.

"Now," said George, "we teach you to suck cunt."

Eve wept and struggled on the table. Her hands were still free
and they went down to caress her widely spread cunt as Paula
stepped over her and knelt over her face. Paula grasped Eve's
ankles and leaned down on them, getting another yell from the
bound girl.

"Suck me," said Paula, her cunt only inches above Eve's face.

"Oh no, I won't," Eve gasped, and her fingers blurred over her clit
as her hips heaved up and her legs spread farther, even with the
ropes binding them.

"Take your hands away from your cunt," said George, curling
the long leather whip through his fingers.

"Ohhhh," Eve moaned. Desperately, she slid three of her fingers
into her cunt and fucked them in and out as Paula spread her
thighs above the bound girl's helpless face.

Casually George cracked the whip and it cut into Eve's rounded
arse cheeks. Cindy watched in fear and growing fascination as
Eve screamed and heaved on the table, her fingers ramming in-to
her cunt faster and faster while Paula leaned down, trying to force
her cunt over Eve's yelling mouth.

"Take your fingers out of your cunt!" snapped Ge6rge, and the
whip curled in again.

Cindy watched it cut a deep line into Eve's arse flesh. It was what
it must have been like as he had whipped her. Eve's arse was as
tight as hers and as well rounded, but the whip cut into the skin
as if it were as soft as tit flesh. Eve gave a piercing scream and
her fingers eased out of her hot cunt.

"Out!" George snapped, and lashed her arse again to make his
point.

Eve thrashed on the table and her screams became muffled as
Paula rammed her cunt down onto her face.

"Suck me, bitch!" Paula shouted, and she began to run her
spread cunt lips up and down over Eve's captive face. Eve
moaned as the slick, damp flesh rolled over her mouth and nose
and her hands reached up to grab Paula's arse cheeks and tried
to push her off. "Whip the fucker!' Paula rammed her spread legs
down farther and rubbed her sopping-wet cunt over Eve's face.

Then George lashed the whip out again and Cindy stared in
fascination as the tip of it landed with terrible force on the hard,
throbbing bud of Eve's clit.

Eve's heave almost broke the leather strap holding her to the
table. Her fingers dug deep into Paula's arse, and Paula yelled
and reached for Eve's hair, pulling on it, ramming Eve's face
upward into her cunt.
"Whip the shit out of her!" Paula yelled.

George lashed the leather tip over Eve's cunt again, taking the
most awful pleasure in her screams. Cindy could see that his
cock was hard and standing out, despite all the times he had
come that night already, and that sent another twinge of the
excitement through her body.

Then Cindy felt the firsj touch of the vibrator against the puckered
entrance of her arse. She tensed, but, remembering Bill's warning,
she didn't try to get away. Her arse was sore enough.

Bill leaned down over her. "Relax, or I'll have a dreadful time
getting it in, and that pisses me off a lot. And you wouldn't want to
piss me off a lot, would you?"

Cindy moaned and tried to relax her arse muscles. She was going
to be raped by the horrible dildo and she couldn't stop it. She felt
Bill push lightly and the tip of the monster cock penetrated just
inside, spreading the most incredible feeling of warmth through
Cindy. She stared at the group on the other table. Paula was
pushing down on Eve's bound legs as she rammed her cunt into
Eve's face and her hips twitched with excitement.

"She's not sucking me right," Paula said, and George whipped
Eve's cunt slit with a fury that made the bound girl's screams
echo from the walls. "Ah, that's better," said Paula, and she
rubbed her cunt over Eve's face as Eve ran her hands up
Paula's back and ran her fingernails up and down the white flesh,
leaving red marks.

Then Cindy felt Bill push the vibrator harder. She moaned as it
slid deeper and the cockhead came up againt the resistance of
her sphincter. Her arse had been well greased, so there was no
friction to stop it from invading her arse, but she was still sure that
she couldn't take any more of it. It would rip her tight arse apart.
Cindy gave another scream as Bill fucked the vibrator even
deeper into her arse guts. The pain shot out once more, up into
her chest so it was difficult for her to breathe. The huge imitation
cock forced its way into her body and her arse felt as if it were
going to burst apart, spray her body all over the room. The agony
erupted for the final time as Bill fucked the dildo to the hilt in her
tight arse. Cindy clutched the table top as she lay there moaning,
the vibrator tip just sticking out of her arsehole.

Then she moaned again as she realized that Bill was taking the
straps and clipping them around her arse and up to her waist. She
wept as she realized that he was going to lash the terrible dildo
into her body and leave it there, so that she would be getting arse
fucked, whatever else she did.

Bill casually tied a belt around her waist and then tied the straps
to that, hauling in on them and forcing the vibrator another inch
into her arse.

Cindy moaned as Bill clipped the last of the straps together. She
watched the group on the other table and that slow, spreading
lust began to spread over her body. The thought of having to
suck another womanrevolted her, but it also added to her terrible
excitement.

By now Eve had given up all pretense of not wanting to suck
Paula. With each ash of the whip on her cunt, she grabbed
Paula's hips and pulled, sucking for all she was worth as her body
trembled and heaved and her arse reached up for more pain,
more agony from the leather torture.

"Aaaggghhhh, yeahhh!" Paula yelled and her hips spread as her
cunt spasmed over Eve's face. "Ohhhh shit, I'm coming!" The
dark girl's tits bounced as she leaned down on Eve's ankles and
throbbed in the growing ecstasy.

"I have one last surprise for you," said Bill, coming around to
Cindy's face as she lay there, the pulse of lust growing in her as
the vibrator rubbed and caressed her arse guts. "See this?" In his
hand he had a small black box with a knob on it. "You know what
this is?"

"No," Cindy gasped while her body shook as her arse muscles
clutched at the huge rubber cock in her guts.

"It's the control for the vibrator," said Bill with a chuckle. "See?"
And he turned the knob.

Cindy gave a yell and almost lost her grip on the edge of the
table. She struggled and heaved as the vibrator started up in her
arse. The pulses rolled out into her flesh and she felt like choking.
Her arse was being reduced to jelly as the monster cock churned
away.

"And you see this lever?" Bill asked.

Cindy nodded and gasped as the vibrator stimulated her arse.

"It works it this way," said Bill cheerfully as he pulled the lever.

The imitation cock began to flex and fuck her arse, up and down,
in and out as it contracted and stretched out again.

"Oooohhhh, God!" she moaned, and her head fell to the table as
she struggled with the rising - tide of desire that threatened to
over-whelm her

"And now you're gonna suck my cock," said Bill, "before we teach
you to suck cunt."

"Aaaghhhhh, oh fuck, fuck, fuck, I'm coming!" Paula screamed on
the other table.
Paula's hips thrashed down on Eve's face as she yelled and
rolled. George lashed Eve with growing fury as the blonde, her
arse and cunt inflamed by the lash of the whip, raked her nails
down Paula's back. Eve's screams burst out of the hot wet cunt
flesh rolling over her mouth as she climaxed, too. Her thighs
spread and her cunt beat up and down, urging George to whip
her faster and faster.

The two of them held like that as Bill let Cindy watch, and for
endless seconds the two slaves screamed and writhed, held
together by the unbelievable power of their lust. George swept
the whip into Eves throbbing, red cunt, until she gave a last,
desperate scream and collapsed on the table. Paula thrust her
cunt into her face one last time and sagged, her thighs
trembling from the force of her come.

"Well, you two had a good time," said George harshly. "So you
get off and kiss poor little Eve's cunt better, and I'm gonna fuck
me some of your hot little cunt, baby."

Paula heaved a sight of satisfaction and slid reclutantly off Eve's
face. Cindy could see the damp, slick juices of Paula's cunt
smeared all over Eve's cheeks and nose, and Eve rubbed at it,
spreading it out and caressing her face until it began to dry. Then
she gave a moan of pleasure as Paula bent at the waist, sticking
her cunt out for George, lowering her own lascivious mouth onto
the red, whipped flesh of Eve's cunt.

Her tongue went out and ran over the sore, hot cunt flesh and
Eve moaned again and lay back, spreading her legs as far as
they would go in the ropes that held them. Paula grasped her
bound friend around the waist and sucked gently on her clit,
drawing it into her mouth and running her lips and tongue over it,
soothing the flesh, getting increasing moans of pleasure from
Eve.

Then George stepped up behind Paula and Cindy could see his
rampant cock, out and hard as a rock. He slipped his cockhead
just inside Paula's hot wet cunt and the girl groaned and thrust
her arse back to get more of the hard prick. "Oh, yeah," she
sighed. "Fuck the shit outa me! Come on George, fuck me, fuck
me, please, aaaghhhhh!"

George slowly fucked his cock to the balls into Paula's willing
cunt. Then he drew back and fucked in again, reveling in the
moans of lust coming from the two women. Paula urged him on,
begging for the cock, her voice muffled as she kept on sucking at
Eve's cunt.

"That's enough," said Bill.

He picked Cindy up effortlessly and swung her over the table and
then dumped her at his feet. Cindy groaned as she was forced to
her knees in front of him. The vibrator throbbed away in her arse
and every movement brought sickening new pulses of fuck lust
surging up in her.

She stared at the cock bulge in Bill's pants. It was enormous.

"Take it out and suck me off," said Bill softly as he leaned down
and pulled Cindy closer to him by her hair.

Cindy could hear the moans and shouts of lust from the other
table as George fucked Paula and Eve thrashed around with her
cunt sucked to a frenzy.

Cindy felt her head spinning as she slowly reached up and eased
the zipper of Bill's pants down.

She was disgusted with herself for giving in to them like this, and
she was even more disgusted by the unrestrained pleasure she
was getting from it all.
For the first time in her life she was having orgasms, masses of
them, every time she did anything with them. The zipper came to
the bottom and, without being told, she reached up and undid the
clip of his pants, spreading the material so that she could get to
his cock better.

She reached into his underpants and grasped his cock. Her head
spun as she clutched the powerful monster, gasping for breath at
the feel of it. The cock was bigger around than George's and,
unlike the previous times when she had been sure she couldn't
take it all, she was now overcome with new, mounting lust at the
thought of taking that colossal cock into her mouth. Slowly she
pulled it out and her breath got even shorter. The cock was longer
than George's, too, a foot of steel-hard cockmeat throbbing with
desire to get into her mouth.

Cindy moaned and she ran her hand up and down the prickshaft,
wanting the feel of it so much. Her mouth watered as she looked
at the cocklance and juices ran out of her cunt and down into
her stocking tops. The first flickering of an orgasm whipped
through her cunt and she gave a groan of pure lust. Above her,
Bill stood and spread his legs wider.

Trembling every inch of the way, Cindy leaned down and kissed
the swollen tip of the cockhead. It was warm and rubbery and she
licked at it, tasting the salty pre-cum slowly spreading from the
tiny slit in the cockhead.

"Suck it nice, cunt," said Bill. "Suck it real good, and just like I tell
you."

With another moan of lust, Cindy slid her lips around the huge
round ball of his cockhead. She could hear the triple fucking
going on at the other table as George fucked faster and faster
and the two girls yelled and begged for more.

She licked at the cock, feeling it tremble and heave in her mouth.
Her fingers were around the cock shaft and she rubbed them
slowly up and down, feeling them respond, clutch at her hair with
one hand while he turned the control knob on the box with the
other.

The beat of the vibrator increased and Cindy screamed around
the cockmeat in her mouth and swallowed it, right to the balls,
something she wouldn't have dreamed of doing only a few hours
before. The pulse of the rubber cock in her cunt was beating up
into her throat as she sucked, forcing the throat muscles open. In
her throat, the cockhead beat as she raised off her knees and
bent at the waist, whining as she sucked the huge cock.

Bill gave a groan of lust as his cock vanished totally and Cindy's
wicked, helpless tongue licked out and over his balls. "Ohhhh,
shit!" he shouted. "Oh, you cunt, you fucking cunt! You sucked
cocks before, you lying cunt, I'm gonna whip hell outa you for
lying." His hands clutched at her hair and he turned the knob up
another notch.

Cindy groaned, but the threat of another whipping didn't seem to
matter very much anymore. She raised her mouth on the long,
hot, hard prick until only the tip was still in her mouth as Bill
groaned and fucked upwards as hard as he could.

"Oh no, sir, honestly, I was a virgin before tonight, honestly."

But her mouth spread around his cock again and she sucked with
growing fury as the climax burst out of her arse as the vibrator
increased its pulse again and the fucking it gave her also
speeded up. She groaned and her mouth sank back on his cock
and she took it into her throat again, rising in her high-heeled
shoes and leaning down to swallow his prick until her hands could
go to his balls and caress them, the only things still outside her
hungry, wanton mouth.
"It doesn't matter," said Bill, gasping despite his attempts at
control. "I'll whip you whenever I want, whenever it pleases me."

"Aaaagghhhh, ohhhhh!" Cindy screamed, and the vibration in her
throat, as her orgasm exploded, was more than enough to send
Bill gasping and clutching for her head.

The idea that she was Bill's slave and he could do whatever he
wanted to her had triggered all the repressed lusts Cindy had
ever had. Her whole body thrashed up and down as she
swallowed Bill's cock, her head working up and down, getting
faster to the beat of the vibrator until the two were matched and
her head ran up and down his cockshaft almost too fast for him to
watch. Her dark hair whipped all over the place as she screamed
with the force of the come and her fingers closed on his balls and
squeezed the cum out of them.

In a haze of ecstasy, Cindy still heard the climax break from the
other three as they fucked. Perhaps she had become so attuned
to it now, but she heard George as he yelled and she thought she
could hear his cock fucking wetly into Paula's hot, willing cunt.

"Aaaghheeee! Ohhh, fuuucckkk!" Paula yelled, and her tongue
rammed up into Eve's hot cunt, and Eve gave a heave as the
sensations broke over her bound body.

"Suck me off, you bitch," Eve shouted and her hips thrust up as
Paula sucked her clit in and bit down, sending her over the top
into the wave of orgasm she wanted.

The three of them shouted and moaned as they came and Bill
leaned back, his cock throbbing out of control as the cum boiled
in his balls and started to shoot out.

Cindy felt every inch of the movement. She felt the cum surging
in his tight balls.
She caressed and squeezed them as her orgasm got higher with
each beat of the vibrator and she felt as if she would never come
down, and never wanted to. She felt the tube on the underside of
Bill's cock throb as the first jet of creamy spunk entered it and shot down.
She felt it as it stretched the walls of the tube, shooting down until
the cum gushed out into her throat.

"Mmmmmnnnn, ooohhhhh!" she moaned, and she pulled her
mouth back so she could lick and suck at each delicate drop as it
spurted out.

Her hand worked on the cockshaft as more of that wonderful
white cock cream started off and headed for her hot tight mouth.
She tasted the spurts as the cum shot out over her tongue, into
her cheeks, and she rolled his cum around, reluctant to swallow it
and lose the taste.

"You little shit!" Bill yelled. "You've got the hottest mouth in
America, you shit! Oh, suck it, ohhh yeahhhh, oh fuck, I'm gonna
shoot it all, ohhh fuck!" And more of the creamy spunk flooded out into
Cindy's hot mouth.

George moaned and fell over Paula's satisfied body as she gave
Eve's clit a last suck, and George's cum ran out of her cunt and
down the insides of her thighs.

But Cindy wasn't going to let any of Bill's cum escape. She licked
and sucked at the floods of delicious cum as Bill groaned and his
hips beat at her face and his thighs trembled with the force of his
release. Still the cum poured out, and Cindy swallowed some of
it, still running as much as she could over her tongue, tasting it,
feeling cock cream fill her cheeks and threaten to squirt out of her
lips as they closed tighter over the shaft of the wonderful prick in
her mouth. The flood of creamy spunk went on and on, Bill shouting and
yelling in ecstasy, his cock ramming in and out of Cindy's mouth
for what seemed to her like forever.
Finally the flood slowed, she could keep the white creamy spunk in her
mouth longer before the pressure made her swallow it. Slower
and slower it poured out as Bill gasped and turned the controls of
the vibrator down to match his slowing orgasm. But it didn't
matter to Cindy. Her orgasm went rolling on, and long after the
last drops of cum had oozed from the slit in the head of Bill's
cock, she was still sucking, still moaning as she tried to get more
cum into her mouth.

"You can stop now," said Bill.

But Cindy didn't really hear him. She moaned and sucked his
cock, oblivious to everything else.

__________________________________________________




                             CHAPTER TEN

Cindy just couldn't stop sucking Bill's cock. She was delirious with
a lust that grew with each thrust the cockhead made to the back
of her mouth and deep into the muscles of her throat. As the
vibrator throbbed in her arse and the sensations worked through
and spread around the tightening hole of her cunt, she felt she
would go crazy with desire. Bill let her suck for a while, watching
as the dark-haired librarian's head ran up and down. He hadn't
gone soft at all, and the last of his cum still lingered around his
prick slit, and Cindy moaned as she tasted it.

"I told you to stop sucklng my cock," said Bill.

Cindy moaned, but her hot, wet mouth slid over his prick again,
savoring every touch of the steel-hard prick fucking her face. Her
fingers went up to his balls and she tickled them, playing with the
crinkled flesh, feeling him lunge upwards into her mouth, knowing
she was making him feel good.

"I'll tell you one more time, cunt," said Bill. "Stop sucking my
cock."

Cindy gave a groan. She knew there would be more pain coming,
but she couldn't stop. She knelt up to take more of the cock,
marveling that it was still hard after all that cum it had poured into
her mouth. Shame rose in her, too.

She was a whore, she was disgusting. How otherwise would she
be here, sucking a cock, her heart pounding at the thought of
more agony? She deserved it for being so wicked and evil. They
should punish her, they really should.

"Get the clamps," said Bill.

Cindy almost passed out at the thought of what he would do with
them. She screamed as he turned the vibrator up again, and the
pounding in her arse increased until she was shaking with the
surging orgasm that rose and grew in her body.

Suddenly her head was pulled violently off Bill's cock. Cindy
screamed -and rocked on her knees on the floor. With the
movement, the vibrator had shifted in her arse, pounding even
harder into the soft, thin wall between her arse and cunt, sending
more tidal waves of lust over her helpless body.

She burst into tears as her cunt throbbed and betrayed her. Her
body twisted and her hair was pulled back harder and she found
herself looking up into Paula's laughing face.

"You little shit," said Paula. "I'm supposed to get my cunt
sucked right now, and all you can do is go fuckin' wild on Bill's
cock." Her hand flashed out and she slapped Cindy viciously
across the face, back-slapping the moaning librarian before she
stopped. "We'll teach you to behave."

Cindy gave a scream as she saw Eve standing by Bill's side. In
Eve's hands were two vicious-looking clamps. They had small
jaws, but the jaws were controlled by screws that clamped them
slowly shut, as Eve demonstrated, turn by terrible turn, only
inches from Cindy's staring eyes.

"Ohhhh, nooooo," Cindy moaned, and her heart throbbed and her
chest heaved as she looked at the torture instruments. Her eyes
were misting over as her body heaved and the vibrator churned
on in her arse, spreading the waves of agony and desire as it
went.

"Oh, I'm so sorry," Eve mocked Cindy. "But you were told to stop
sucking Bill and you disobeyed. So we have to teach you
manners, slut. You're gonna learn to do exactly as you're told."

Behind Eve, Cindy could see George as he leaned back in his
chair and slowly chewed some more food. He was enjoying her
humiliation as much as he had enjoyed whipping her earlier.

Cindy's eyes got bigger and rounder and she watched Eve bring
the clamps nearer to her face.

"You see how they work?" Eve mocked, and her blonde hair
swayed close around Cindy's sobbing mouth. "I just put them on
and tighten them, like this." Eve screwed the jaws on one of them
shut.

Cindy screamed and struggled in Paula's relentless grasp. She
moaned and babbled, terror rising in her as Eve slowly ran the
other, opened pair of clamps down her neck and lower, over her
shoulder and to the top of her left tit.

Eve took the clamp, sliding it down the curve of Cindy's tit,
leaving a light-red scratch mark as she went, inch by inch to
Cindy's nipple.
Cindy moaned and almost collapsed to the floor as she felt the
cold metal on either side of her stiff, rubbery nipple. Her body
twitched and she couldn't help herself. Her tits heaved out,
pushing her nipples between the two terrible jaws of the clamps.
Then she really started screaming as Eve screwed the jaws of
the clamp closed. The pain grew and multiplied, shuddering
waves of agony surging through her tortured tits.

"Oh, please, please, no," Cindy begged. "I'll do anything you ask,
I will, please."

She flopped forward in Paula's hands. Her breath was ragged
and her body thrashed in Paula's grasp in pure pain. Paula
hauled her back upright and Cindy screamed as Eve brought the
other clamp to her right tit and started screwing that down.

Her nipple flattened and Cindy was sure it was going to be
crushed in the dreadful embrace of the clamp.

Eve stopped and Cindy thrashed around, her whole mind a blank
of pain. But the pain was only part of it, for it was still feeding her
lust, and Cindy wept as she realized that she was still coming,
and the pain she was forced to suffer was getting steadily worse.

"You want her first?" asked Eve.

"You bet," said Paula.

Paula slid onto the table and leaned on her back, spreading her
own legs and pulling them up until she held them over her head
and lay there giggling. Bill hustled Cindy over and thrust her face
close to Paula's glistening cunt.

"The clamps come off when both my little slaves are satisfied," he
said. "So get on with it-suck her cunt."

Cindy could smell the warm aroma of fucking coming from
Paula's cunt. Cum was matted into the dark triangle of cunt hair
and the cunt lips were open, glistening with George's creamy spunk and her
own flowing juices. The agony from her tits and the churning
vibrator in her arse had robbed Cindy of any coherent thoughts at
all. Even her disgust at herself was fading.

Her head went down until the ripe cunt lips were so close she
could feel her breath coming back off them. She moaned as she
let her tongue flick out, running over the slippery cunt flesh, up
and down, tasting the cum and the strong cunt juices. Paula gave
a low moan of satisfaction and spread her legs farther, thrusting
her cunt up for more.

Cindy gave in, lowered her mouth to the gaping cuntslit and let
her lips close on it, sucking gently as her tongue went out and
flicked Paula's hard, throbbing clit.

"Ohhhh yeahhh," Paula moaned, and her arse thrust upwards
again and her cunt ran more juices into Cindy's mouth. "Suck it,
whore, suck it."

Cindy sank her face lower until her nose was in the wet cunt slit
and her mouth sucked over Paula's wide cunt hole. She
experimented, fucking her tongue into the hot passage, and
Paula rewarded her with another moan and heave of her hips.

The pain from her tits was slowly fading as she sucked, and
Cindy began to understand how she wanted pain, needed it to
send her into the shattering orgasms she couldn't live without
now.

Tears flowed down her face, mingling with the cunt juices
flowing from Paula. Constant low moans escaped Cindy's lips
and her hands ran over Paula's hot arse, urging the girl's cunt
against her mouth.
Then Cindy felt the pressure of a cock at the entrance to her own
cunt. She gave a groan. How could a cock get in her cunt with
the vibrator still ramming her arse? There wasn't room for it. She
didn't know if it was George or Bill about to try and fuck her, but it
didn't matter. They wouldn't get in, and she'd be punished for it.

She would be punished, whatever she said or did. She knew that
now and another surge of wonderful lust ran over her at the
realization.

"Spread your legs," George commanded.

Cindy did as she was told, her high heels tapping slightly on the
floor. Then he pushed, and to Cindy's utter surprise, his cock
fucked into her cunt. The surprise gave way to pain and more
excitement almost instantly as the huge cock fucked another inch
into her cunt and the pulse of the vibrator up her arse beat
through the walls of her cunt, inflaming her shuddering orgasm
to even more intense heights.

George rammed his cock into her again, and Cindy screamed
and her teeth bit into Paula's clit as the unbearable agony shot
out and engulfed her. She had one enormous cock in her cunt
and a big rubber cock in her arse, and her whole body was
splitting in two. Paula screamed too as Cindy's teeth chewed at
her clit, but she didn't try to get away or pull Cindy off. Instead
she spread her legs farther and grabbed Cindy by the hair,
forcing her harder onto her pulsing cunt.

"Oh yeahhh," Paula yelled. "Aaaghhhh, oh fuck, eat me, cunt!"
She thrashed on the table as she started to come.

Cindy went over into another set of shuddering climaxes. She lost
all sense of reason, all sense of time, and nothing was real
except the pounding orgasm that beat through her again and
again.
Each deep fuck thrust George gave her sent sparks of flaming
desire pounding up her body to meet the pain surging down from
her clamped tits and echo and re-echo, building until her screams
rolled constantly over Paula's hot cunt flesh as the squirming,
heaving librarian sucked and chewed her cunt.

"Ohhhh, fuck!" George yelled. "The cunt's making me come! Shit,
her cunt's so fuckin' hot. Jesus!"

His hips went wild as the rolling of the vibrator worked on his stiff
cock flesh, sending it throbbing out of control as the cum built in
his balls and crashed its way out, splattering high into Cindy's hot
cunt hole. His cock heaved, grew, spasmed in her body and creamy spunk
filled her passage and dripped down her legs as George yelled
and pushed her arse up in the air, forcing her mouth closer onto
Paula's cunt.

Cindy moaned as she sucked and felt Paula's cunt heaving with
the release of her climax. She wanted more cock, more whipping,
anything to satisfy the endless craving she had for sex, any sex,
no matter how perverted it was.

She felt every drop of George's cum as it ran from her cunt and
spread down her thighs. The vibrator throbbed on in her arse and
her orgasm hardly slowed at all as George slowly pulled his prick
out. Cindy found herself with a terrible craving to lick his cum off
her own thighs, to taste that wonderful saltiness of a man again.

"Clean her off," she heard Bill command. Suddenly Eve was
kneeling behind Cindy and her tongue was running over Cindy's
legs, licking up all the creamy cum as it slowly spread down her
white inner thighs.

Cindy moaned and gently sucked at Paula's cunt, feeling the
wanton little slave come down slowly from her high and relax on
the table.
Then Cindy realized that she was about to have her own cunt
sucked. It was the first time in her life, and it was another woman
who was doing it! She gave a shudder, but the excitement was
too much already and, without her even really knowing, her legs
widened and she gasped as Eve's hot little mouth closed in on
her cunt and began lapping up all the cum that still oozed out of
her pulsing fuck hole.

Eve added to her excitement, pushing the vibrator hard into her
arse and then releasing it, increasing the pounding come as it
throbbed through her. All over Cindy's cunt and then back down
her legs went Eve, inch by inch, and Cindy just went higher into
her delirium of orgasm at each pass.

"That's enough," said Bill.

Eve stopped sucking. Cindy moaned, but she knew Bill was
about to fuck her and she couldn't wait for it. Still she resisted
making the final confession to herself. She couldn't adrnit that
this was her, that she was the wanton, sex-starved
nymphomaniac, slave they had proved her to be.

Paula rolled over on the table and made way for Eve. Instantly
Cindy let her mouth slide down onto the wet blonde cunt.

The red lines of the whipping Eve had received were clearly
visible as Cindy let her tongue run over the slippery cunt flesh.
Eve gave a moan and leaned back, her legs wide, her hips
lunging up for more of Cindy's mouth.

Bill's cock was sliding over the lips of Cindy's hungry cunt. She
gave a shriek of lust and tried to capture his cock, but he was too
skilled to let her have it all at once. He pulled back and Cindy was
left moaning, her arse heaving up and down, begging to be
fucked.

"You sex-starved little whore," said Bill. "You want it any way you
can get it, don't you?"

Cindy moaned, and she almost choked on the desire that surged
through her captive body.

"Won't answer, eh?" said Bill softly as Cindy groaned and
heaved, trying to get more of his cock. "I'm gonna get the
confession out of you now. And then I'll fuck your brains out. You
want it, don't you, whore?"

Cindy's low scream came out from the hot cunt flesh she was
sucking. She wanted to confess. She wanted to be punished for
being who she was, she wanted to be a slave and get fucked and
whipped and feel the agony in her nipples as they tortured her. It
was all what she deserved. It was who she was, and it was what
she wanted. But she couldn't say it, she just couldn't.

"Confess," said Bill. "You don't get any of my cock until you do.'

He ran his cockhead over her clit and Cindy almost fainted with
the passion she felt. She had to confess, but she couldn't. Bill
took his cock away and she moaned in a terrible agony of
disappointment.

Then she felt the hard line of the cane on her arse, just resting
there, but it was enough to send her gasping and choking all over
again. The cane went back and Cindy heard the swish as it sliced
back, right across her arse. Her scream rang out in the library.

"Confess," said Bill softly, and Cindy screamed as the cane
lashed her again. She moaned and sucked at Eve's cunt, feeling
the blonde spasming as she came and watched Cindy getting
whipped.

"Confess." Bill lashed Cindy's hot arse again.
That did it. Cindy screamed in utter release and her arse throbbed,
desperately seeking more of the cane, thrashing up into the air as
her orgasm shuddered over her. But Bill didn't whip her again. He
stopped and Cindy's orgasm had nothing to fuel it. For several
more seconds her arse thrust into the air, and then she gave a
terrible moan and twitched as she hung there, her mouth working
over Eve's cunt, her whole body crying out for a release she
couldn't get.

__________________________________________________




CHAPTER ELEVEN


"Confess," Bill whispered, leaning close to her ear again.
"Confess, and I'll whip you to another come before I fuck you.
How about that? Confess that's what you want and you can have
it all."

Cindy felt her resistance crash through the wall she had built and
vanish. Finally she faced the fact, the awful fact that she was the
most wanton whore in the world. She wanted to be whipped, then
fucked, then whipped again and fucked any way they wanted.
She would do anything for the terrible, utter ecstasy they gave
her.

"What do you want?" Bill whispered.

"Ohhhh!" Cindy wept. "Aaaagghhhhh!" Her arse throbbed for what
she wanted. "Oh whip me, do what you like to me, fuck me, make
me do anything, but please me, do it, please."

She collapsed in the most wonderful release as the confession
poured out of her.

"Now that's a good little girl," said Bill.

For endless seconds Cindy waited, her whole body twitching with
desire, her hot arse rolling, pleading for the whipping she had
been promised. Her tongue ran frantically over Eve's hot little clit
and her mouth closed over the wide lips of Eve's cunt as she
ucked,her face rolling over Eve's trembling cunt.

Then Bill lashed the cane over Cindy's thrusting arse. She
screamed and her mouth closed tighter on Eve's cunt and she
sucked madly as the pain surged and her climax shattered higher
until she lost all control of what she was doing.

Eve grabbed Cindy's hair. "Eat me," she screamed. "Eat me, bite
my cunt! Come on, you cunt, bite me." She stared at the cane
as it lashed down into Cindy's red flesh and heaved on the table
as the beaten librarian screamed through a mouthful of cuntmeat
and bit deep into Eve's slippery cunt. "Yeahhhhh, oh fuck, oh
fuck!'

Cindy chewed into Eve's clit, sucking and biting as she screamed
and thrust her arse up for the next lash of the cane. At the peak of
her arse thrust, Bill whipped her again and Cindy gave a scream
that forced her mouth off Eve's cunt with its very force.

"Aaaaggghhh, ohhhh God, oh God, ohhhhh, yeahhhhh!" Cindy
bellowed as her last defenses crumbled. "Ohhhhh, whip me, whip
me, fuck me, ohhhh, yeahhhh!"

Eve pulled her mouth back down to her steaming cunt and
Cindy's screams became muffled as she spasmed and heaved in
ecstasy.

Over on the other table, George had bent Paula over and was
fucking her slowly as they watched the spectacle. Paula gave low
groans of satisfaction -as George's huge cock fucked her cunt in
long, steady strokes and they saw Bill whipping Cindy in a frenzy
of lust.
"Shit." Bill yelled suddenly, "I gotta fuck this littleshit! Can't take it
anymore." And he threw the cane onto the floor and advanced on
Cindy and Eve as they rolled together on the table.

Once more Cindy felt the hard tip of Bill's cock against the
opening of her cunt. The vibrator in her arse still churned away
and Bill slowed it down a little to match the pace he wanted to
fuck her at. Cindy gave a moan of disappointment as her orgasm
fell away slightly, but the hard push Bill gave as he forced his
cock up into her cunt sent her back screaming with fuck lust.

The twin cocks inside her seemed to stretch her arse and cunt
again until they were about to burst, but this time Cindy couldn't
get them in fast enough. Bill gave another shove and the head of
his gigantic fucker slid inside her cunt that only a few hours
before had been virgin, and now she screamed with lust and tried
to get it all. Her cunt lips opened farther and her body heaved
as Bill spanked her arse as he stood close behind her.

"Ohhh yeahhh, oh spank me," she whispered as she licked at
Eve's throbbing clit. "Oh, beat me while you fuck me, oh, please!"

She moaned with satisfaction as Bill's had palm landed on her
sore arse cheeks with renewed force and his cock fucked another
inch inside her. It was a good thing that Bill's cock was so long.
He could get more than half of it inside Cindy and still have
enough of her crimson, begging arse cheeks to spank. Cindy
screamed with delight at each fuck thrust and hard smack of his
hand. Her cunt walls closed on his cock, trying to take it all in,
spasming around the rock-hard length as the explosions of come
rocked her helpless, wanton body.

"Ohhhhh, God," she whispered. "Oh God, I can't get enough, I
can't get enough, oh help me, I can't get enough!" And she half
collapsed across Eve's thighs while her body trembled and shook
with the terrible surges of her endless climax.
Bill fucked his cock into her, right to the hilt, and Cindy screamed
again, tears rolling down her face as everything he did sent her
into more orgasms. His cock rammed to the entrance of her
womb and the delicious pain surged as she opened her legs
farther.

More cunt juices ran down the insides of her thighs to mix with
the cunt juices and cum already there. Bill grabbed her arse and
held her as he fucked her cunt, faster and harder as his cock
grew and throbbed inside her hot cunt.

"Ohhhh, fuckin' shit," Bill moaned.

Cindy felt his cock growing in her cunt, forcing harder against the
thin walls that separated her cunt and arse tunnels. The ribs on
the vibrator seemed to be growing as they pressed back, and
each heave of his cock rubbed and bounced against them on its
way in and out.

Her body was one enormous cunt, being fucked by the greatest
cock in the world. Yards of it, rock-hard prick, ramming into the
whole of her body, filling it as the cock thrust and heaved and
grew with each fuck stroke until Cindy was sure it would be able
to fuck up her throat and emerge from her mouth. The thought of
three cocks in her sent her into a frenzy and her hot mouth
brutalized Eve's cunt.

Eve fell backwards and her hips thrust uncontrollably as the
mixed pain and pleasure throbbed from her bitten clit, and her
spasms reached a peak.

"Aaaaghhh!" she screamed. "Aaaaggghhh, oh yeahhhhh, suck
my cunt, bitch, suck it!" And she gave a series of ear-piercing
yells as Cindy's mouth rolled over her cunt flesh, slimy with cunt
juices and sallva.

Bill turned the vibrator higher as the cum boiled in his balls and
burst out, splashing high into Cindy's tight, spasming cunt.
"Aaahhh, oh take it, fuck me!" he yelled. "Ohhh, fuck, I'm coming,
ohhhh yeahhhh! ''

His cum load burst and rolled over the walls of Cindy's
demanding cunt. Cindy's hips beat harder as she took the cum. It
was burning her cunt, spreading out and oozing down past the
fucking cock as more and more of it boiled out, mashed and
spread over her cunt lips and down onto the white, red-lined
flesh of Cindy's thighs.

Eve collapsed on the table and drew her legs away, no longer
able to take the terrible demands of the sex-starved librarian.
Even as Bill's cock was spending the last of its creamy spunk and his body
was slowing, Cindy was moaning for more.

"Ohhhh," she groaned as Bill leaned down over her body and his
cock softened slightly. "Oh, please, I want it again. Give me a
cock, please." And she turned, trying to kiss and grab for Bill.

He chuckled and pulled away, taking his cock from her cunt with
a squishy sound and laughing at her. "You want more, whore?"

"Oh yes, yes, please," Cindy moaned as she looked at his cock,
bouncing slowly downwards with each pulse of the blood leaving
it.

"And how much do you want it?" asked Bill, letting her stare.

"I'll do anything, anything," Cindy whined. And her fingers went to
her throbbing cunt lips and spread them as she played with
herself, rubbing her still-desperate clit, pushing half her hand into
her hot wet cunt. The vibrator helped, but she needed more, the
whip or a cock, she didn't care which.

"Come here," said Bill. He looked up and winked at George as he
and Paula still slowly fucked on the table. "I reckon you'd better
save your hard-on for this whore. Make her suck the two girls off
while we take care of her."

"You shit!" Paula yelled as George pulled his hard cock out of her
cunt. "That's mine, you promised."

"I didn't promise you a fuckin' thing, cunt," said George. "And any
more lip from you and I'll whip the shit outa your arse. Now get
over to that table and wait until I tell you what to do."

Paula bitched a bit more, but she got off and sat beside Eva,
spreading her thighs and caressing her cunt as she watched.

Cindy meanwhile had sunk to her knees as she moaned and
trembled with the orgasm running through her. She was inches
from Bill's still half-hard cock, gleaming with her juices and his
cum.

She didn't have to be told. She leaned in and let her tongue run
over the surface of his cockshaft, and - instantly she felt it
respond, jump to her touch.

She gave another low moan and let the cockhead slide into her
mouth, tasting the cum and her own cunt juices as her lips
opened wide to take it all in. She moved aown the prickshaft,
marveling at how easily she now swallowed his entire length, inch
by inch until her lips were around the base and she flicked her
tongue out, caressing his balls.

Then she gurgled with -delight as she felt his fucker growing,
getting harder each second as she skillfully.sucked and licked at
it. His prick grew stronger, slid into her throat as it grew, and still
she kept her mouth around the base, breathing through her nose.

Bill leaned down and picked up her neck chain, pulling her onto
his growing cock just as she wanted him too. He had slowed the
pulse of the vibrator and the low throbbing filled her arse with
growing delight. Bill's cock grew more, almost to its full length,
and still she held it effortlessly in her mouth and let it fuck into her
throat until the whole cockhead was bulging halfway down her
neck, clearly visible to the two girls as they sat on the table.

"See that, cunts?" George asked. "Now you have to be that
good."

"Fuckin' whore," spat Paula. "You wait till I get her, you just wait."

"You keep your hands off her unless I say so!" snapped Bill. "Or
I'll give you to Rusty and see how you like that."

Whoever Rusty was, the threat impressed itself on Paula and she
snarled and leaned back on the table.

"Sixty-nine, you two," said George, "I like to watch two cunts at it
while I fuck another one. Come on, move, you shits."

The two women looked at him sourly, but they moved. Paula lay
on her back and Eve crawled over her until her head was above
Paula's cunt, and Paula's head was below hers.

They started sucking each other with a lot less conviction than
Cindy showed as she let Bill fuck his cock slowly in and out of her
throat.

Cindy gurgled and moaned with each fuck thrust that bulged the
muscles of her neck as she swallowed more and more of the
delicious cockmeat.

But the men weren't finished with her. She felt George pull her
hips up and order her to spread her legs.
Suddenly Cindy realized she would get three cocks now. One of
them was rubber, but it was more than good enough. She
stretched her knees, holding them tightly as she felt George's
hands on her whipped arse, caressing as he examined her legs in
her high heels and nylon.

Then his cock was at her cunt entrance again, as it had been
when he took her cherry, and the contrast between the two times
couldn't have been greater. Then, she was terrified and shrinking
from his cock. Now she was climaxing with lust at each touch and
thrusting her hot cunt up and back to take it all in.

As George finally fucked his cock into her cunt and she felt it run
along the ribs of the vibrator, heaving the explosions of cum out
in-to her body again, Cindy gave a muffled scream of joy and
sank into a pit of depravity she never wanted to leave. Her tits
bounced with each thrust of the two real cocks in her mouth and
cunt, and Bill skillfully manipulated the vibrator to rise with their
climbing lusts.

Cindy held her arms around Bill's arse, holding on as he pulled her
mouth onto his cock, and George fucked her cunt with hard long
cock strokes that gave her the rough fucking she had always
wanted.

"Ohhhh shit, this baby's somethin' else," Bill gasped. "Hey, look
at those two shits on the table-they're in trouble if they don't do
better."

"Fuck off!" yelled Paula, and she took her mouth from Eve's cunt
and the two of them rolled apart. "You gotta new one now, eh?
Well, fuck off, all of you! You stink, you fucker!"

Eve and Paula sat on the dge of the table and dared the men to
do something about it. And they knew they would.

"You know what we're gonna do?" asked George with a grin. "'In
a little while, we're gonna shoot our loads into this little darlin' and
then we'll get to you."

"Oh yeahhhh?" said Eve tauntingly. "You shoot one more time
and you'll be finished, she's so good, ain't she? She's gonna suck
it all outa you."

And the two women laughed and slapped each other on the back.
The men laughed too, but there was a menace in it that sent Eve
and Paula giggling.

Cindy felt the cocks rising, ready to burst. She was building for
another shattering orgasm, and she hoped they would all come
together. She had no idea what the men would do to Eve and
Paula, but it excited her more just to imagine.

"Ohhhh fuck, she's gonna make me come again!" Bill yelled as
his cock fucked right down Cindy's throat as she gurgled and
moaned with the pleasure it set off in her.

George was already almost at shooting point. His cock slammed
in and out of Cindy's cunt with growing fury. He held her arse
and yelled as his cum shot into Cindy's throbbing cunt.

Cindy felt her own climax explode in her cunt. Bill's creamy spunk spurted
out, filling her throat and then her cheeks as she pulled her head
back to taste as much as she could of his wonderful salty cum.
Her moans of ecstasy rang out as the two men spent themselves
in her hot, demanding body until the three of them were a softly
moaning, satisfied huddle as they held Cindy.

The two men let her sink to the floor as her orgasm faded. Cindy
lay there in a contented daze and untied the straps that held the
vibrator in her arse. Even she wanted a slight rest from it.

She slid the dildo out slowly, feeling every inch of the hard shaft
as if emerged, and she held it to her puckered arsehole and
played it there, feeling the slowly vibrating cockhead over her
still twitching arsehole and letting new pleasure rise in her

She watched as Bill and George grabbed Eve and Paula. The
girls screamed and yelled at them, but it was no use. They were
hauled to each end of the table and slammed on it, face down.
Then, as they still shouted and swore at their masters, they were
tied firmly, their ankles to the legs of the table and their wrists
lashed and pulled out until they were painfully stretched and
staring at each other down the long length of the library table.

"Now," said George, his - cock already hardening as he looked at
the bound captives, "we're gonna punish you for that. You're
gonna get whipped until we're hard again, and then you're in for a
long arse fuck, both of you.

And while we're doing that, you'll suck Cindy any way she wants,
for as long as she wants. Got that?"

"Fuck off," said Paula.

They weren't defiant by the end of it. George used his whip on
Paula and Bill lashed Eve with the long thin cane he had used on
Cindy. Soon their screams echoed from the walls, and Cindy
laughed as she climbed up onto the table and spread her thighs
in front of Eve's bulging eyes.

"Clean my cunt off," said Cindy. "I gotta lot of cum all over me."

Eve tried to tell her to fuck off, but Bill thrashed her arse and she
threw her head back as she screamed, and then she gave in. Her
mouth went down and she licked Cindy clean, all down her thighs
and back up to her throbbing cunt as Cindy demanded more
and more from her
Then Cindy moved down the table and made Paula suck her
cunt. George finished whipping his slave and she gave a shriek of
relief as he rammed his cock into her raw, sore arsehole.

Then Cindy threw her legs right back and demanded that Paula
lick her arse clean.

"No!" Paula yelled. "Fuck you."

"Lick it," said George.

So Paula gave in and licked Cindy's arse, giving the horny
librarian another heaving come.

Having spent so much of their creamy spunk in Cindy, the two men took a
long time to come as they fucked Paula and Eve.

Bill decided Eve wasn't doing well enough and took more time to
whip her sore arse, and she screamed helplessly as Cindy came
back down the table and made her suck her cunt again.

Finally the two men came and let Eve and Paula lie there, beaten
and once more convinced of who were their masters; Bill and
George left them there, tied and struggling while they took Cindy
and had something to eat.

Cindy lay back in the chair, her whipped arse and tits burning with
a hard, luxurious fire as she drahk the wine and cuddled up
against Bill and ran her fingers over George's hardening cock.

"Well," said George, "I thought you were going to be the dog of
the evening-but you kinda took over, didn't you?"

Cindy purred and leaned over to give his prick a quick suck.

"You were going to be the one who had to fuck Arnie to keep him
happy, but these two will have to go on doing it until they learn.
Won't you?" he called to Eve and Paula as they lay there with
their red arses burning and cum runmng out of their arseholes
and down their legs.

Eve and Paula moaned and struggled, but they couldn't break
free.

"So, what happens now?" asked Cindy as she murmured with
pleasure and slid down to hold both the men's cocks in her
hands.

 "Well, I think we'll take you home right now," said Bill. "We have a
lot of our friends who would love to meet you at our party
tomorrow. And then, well, all we can offer you is a lot of rough
fucking, and punishment whenever you're naughty." He leaned
back and his cock jumped as he thought about it.

"You do punish naughty girls really hard, don't you?" asked Cindy
as she leaned in and began to lick and suck their cocks in turn.

"Oh yeahhh," said George. "You know how hard we punish
naughty little girls."

"Oh, good," Cindy breathed. "Then I'll be naughty all the time-
and all your friends will have to punish me and make me pay for
being such a wicked girl, won't they?"

"You bet," said Bill.

And Cindy took his cock deep into her throat, dreaming of all the
wonderful times she was going to have, now that she knew who
she was and how desperately she wanted fucking, all the fucking
she could get.

The End

__________________________________________________




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





