BDSM Library - The Envelope




The Envelope
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Male sub finds himself at the mercy of another female sub that he took advantage to while his Mistress is out of town.
The Envelope

Aug. 10th-

My hands were shaking as I opened the envelope, inside was a typed letter, a
small bottle filled yellowish liquid, a leather cock ring with a ball spreader,
3 small padlocks and another envelope. I set them on the desk in front of me and
read the first line, "Remove all your clothes before reading this, insert a butt
plug, put the cock ring and then and only then may you read the rest of this
letter!!!!!" I laid the letter down on the desk and removed my clothes, went to
the bedroom and took out the mid sized butt plug from it's hiding place, lubed
it up and inserted it with some pain. The sensation brought my semi-erect penis
to full erection and I noticed the women across the apartment courtyard watching
me through the window. She smiled and mouthed the word "cocksucker" to me. I
often wonder if the reason Madam ordered me to remove the drapes was because she
had this woman watching me.

 I then returned to the den and picked up the cock ring and inspected it. It
seemed unadjustable and with holes that a d-ring inserted into. I was quick to
notice that the only way I could put it on was to insert the d-rings into the
hole and lock the padlocks. I turned the envelope over and shook it hoping that
she had sent the key but there were none. I thought about skipping the cock ring
but worried about her swinging by unnoticed like she had a habit of doing and
punishing me for not following orders. She had a key and often would appear out
of nowhere and demanded inspection or would sometimes show up at my work and put
me through my hoops in the back room. The threat of spending another night naked
tied by my wrists and balls to the patio railing got the best of me and I
struggled to tighten the leather strap around the base of my cock and then the
strap over the center of my scrotum and then connected the t-strap on each side
of the base strap. I place the 3 padlocks through the d-rings, I held my breath
as I clicked each shut. My cock was already beginning to swell and showed no
signs of reducing in size. I began to panic at the thought that it would not go
down without me coming and Madam not allowing me to. Thoughts of the hack saw in
the closet came to mind but I held fast I knew that this was a test and assured
myself that mistress would be by later with the keys.

Putting the panic thoughts to the back of my mind I knelt on the hardwood floor
and began reading the letter where I had stopped before. "Well, bitch your tiny
little mind is more than likely doing cartwheels right now thinking about my
little gift and the locks, Gee I wonder where those keys are? Maybe there's a
hole in the envelope or they fell on the floor when you opened it? No worry pet.
They are safely hanging off my labia rings. One problem though, by the time you
read this I'll be in LA on business. I'm probably sitting at the hotel right now
laughing about you on your knees fully erect and in pain with no relief in
sight. What a warm thought. Understand two things- 1. You will receive a visit
from my friend Sherrie in the next 12 hours or so. If that ring is not on, your
balls will be placed in the ball flask and crusher." My stomach turned as I
thought of when I was introduced to the ball flask and crusher. After 4 turns I
passed out from the pain and even think about the thing made shake in fear. It
was a steel cylinder that fit around the scrotum with a screw attached to a
metal plate. The weight alone was painful but once the screw was turned the pain
was unbearable. 


She continued, "2. I have the serial numbers off each padlock and if they do not
match you will not come for 4 months and will be turned over to one of my other
male slaves to use as his prison house bitch. Worry not whore, I will be back on
the 18th but until then it must be worn at all times(as if you have a choice).
Over the next 10days you will follow the following orders daily to prepare to
service me on the 18th. If you fail to preform any of them incorrectly or if it
simply pleases me you will receive all both the ball flask, not be allowed to
release for 4 months while being used as a prison bitch and then sold to a male
Dom."

Below where listed the following:

1. All pubic hair is to be removed. Since the cock ring will cover some of the
area and make shaving impossible I suggest Nair.

2. Whenever you are at home you are to wear a butt plug, be naked at all times
and wear a sign that says "Whore" around your neck. The butt plug is to only be
removed when you are at work But. you must have it in your pocket at all times.
Also at work you may only wear wool suits with nothing under neath.

3. Sherrie will be over nightly to see to your progress and her and her friends
may have uses of you as she sees fit.  

4. Sherrie will be over soon to remove all your food. You are to surrender all
your money, bank cards, charge cards and etc... to her. She will supply you with
2  loafs of bread which will be you diet for the next 8 days. You will only be
allow that, water and whatever bodily fluids and waste Sherrie is nice enough to
supply you with.

5  Daily you will give yourself a 2 quart enema. You are to do a hundred jumping
jacks and twenty deep knee bends before expelling the waste. If you fail to do
this you are to drink the enema water.

6. She will also be removing all blankets, Pillows, sheets, clothing, and other
unneeded items of clothing. She will also be locking you mattress up and you
will sleep on the hardwood floor. As a treat on Saturday night you may sleep on
your come and urine stained blanket that we use for sessions(bet you wondered
why I wanted you to not wash that didn't you).

7. Twice daily you are to masturbate yourself to coming and stop 10 times.

8. Each night at 10pm you are to insert 10 play piercings on your genitals.

9. All you enemas, masturbation, piercing and other sessions are to video taped
and then posted to your web site so I may enjoy them. Also your web cam is to be
on during the whole 8 days(if you haven't guessed I have been watching you the
whole time).

10.  On August 18th you are to check in to the Holiday Inn by the airport,
remove your clothing, unpack and lay out the toys and then open the other
envelope.


Have a good time and enjoy your 8 days. I will be thinking about you and
laughing at how much of a loser you are to go through all this for a women who
will be fucking every boy she comes in contact with. Pretty pathetic isn't it.


Stay on your knees and masturbate, until Sherrie arrives. I figure it's about
6pm now and she gets off work around 9:30. I sure hope she finds the note I left
on her car with your key.

Your Owner, Master and Mistress,

Madam Lori

P.S. If you come for any reason in the next 8 days regardless if it is your
fault or not you will hang from your balls for an hour.


My heart sunk a little. I was already sweating and wished I had turned the air
conditioner on. I was just in too big of a hurry to see what was in the letter.
Stupid me. How do I also get myself in these situations? Why did my libido rule
my life? Why did I agree to all this? Well I would have 4 hours to think about
it. I looked up at the web cam and then at the computer screen and realized
there was 1753 people logged on right now watching me. I must look ridiculous
and only one person knew why I was knelling on the hardwood floor in front of
the desk, naked, with my cock in bondage slowly masturbating myself. The thought
sent a shiver through my spine and I began to feel the beginning of an orgasm. I
held back slowing my pace and tried to control it.

I was losing the war when the phone rang. The answering machine came on and I
heard my Mistress laugh and saying, "Oh no, It's going to blow. Come on, I know
you want it. Go ahead let go. You would look so cute in the dungeon hanging by
you little balls. .I guess I could be nice and let it go this one time. Do you
want your mistress to pity you and let you have one for free?" I shock my head
violently, make sure she could clearly see it. "Should I let him?" I heard a
man's voice in the background say, "No, get off the phone and come back to bed.
I want to fuck you in the ass." Who was this man? Why was he in her bed? She
laid the phone down and said, "Yes I want to feel that hard cock inside me.
Please fuck me. I bet Gerald wishes he had a cock as big as yours, then I might
let him fuck me." The sounds of their fucking blared through the phone. I could
hear him calling her a whore and her telling him to fuck her ass harder. That
she was his little whore and etc... After a few minutes I heard her screaming
that she was coming and him telling her he wanted to come in her face. He let
out a scream and started telling to rub his come into her face like a good $20
whore.  There was a pause. My body was shaking, the sweet covered my body. I was
floating on the very tip of my knees and my toe nails. Just as I almost lost it
completely and came, she returned to the phone out of breath and ordered me to
squeeze my balls. The pain saved me. Then there was a click and she was gone.


I spent the next 3 plus hours trying to focus on non-sexual things like Who's on
First, Quotes from the bible I'd learn as a child, The pledge of Allegiance,
song lyrics, anything that might focus my mind off the fact that I was slowing
stroking my cock that was in painful bondage at the whim of a evil women that
was over a thousand miles away. Anything to keep my mind off the fact that I was
being tortured by remote control. Anything to keep my mind off the week that was
ahead, the cruel and exciting things that awaited me. Anything to keep my mind
off this evil woman standing over me with he, black zipped top, 6 strapped
garter, latex stockings and granny boots. Her with the that cock eyed smile and
her bob of red hair in her eyes. Inches away, half naked, the scent of her
excitement in the air and in her bright green eyes. Inches away but outside my
class and outside my touch. That woman that was now being used like a street
walker but some stranger in LA. It was an on going cycle of getting to the point
of no return to giving in to the power that was the fever inside me and then I'd 
have to hurt myself to keep from coming.  10pm came and went. I began counting
the number of planks in the floor board only to have to start over when my mind
drifted back to her the things she had ordered me to do over the past 5 years,
Like cleaning toilets with my tongue at her uptown condo that I and 2 other
slave paid for. Or the time she turned me over to her twin sister and brother as
a graduation present for 3 days. It had ended with me naked on a country road
with no idea where I was or how to get home.  My knees were sore, my eyes were
burning from the sweat and I was beginning to cramp up. My cock was the color
purple and soar. I really didn't know how much longer I could keep it up.

At 10:37 in walked Sherry. She took her time, stopping by the refrigerator to
get a beer, then to the restroom and even stopped to watch the 11 o clock news.
At last, she sat down on the corner of the desk. She was about 5' 8" Dark Black
hair cut into a bob. She was wearing a black business suit, black seamed
stocking and 5 inch french heeled black leather shoes. She crossed her legs high
letting her stocking tops sneak out on the side. She didn't say anything but sat
there watching me as I painfully jerked myself. Every once and a while she would
shift and rub her thighs together. It was easy to see she was enjoying it. I
could tell by the hard look in her eyes and the slight smile on her face that
she was thinking about Mistress allowing me to fuck her in the ass a few weeks
ago as a punishment for her and a reward for me. It was not hard to see the
revenge in her glassy stare.

She sipped from her beer and tongued the top off the bottle. There was complete
silence. I was totally under her power and she knew. She knew I would do
anything she wanted to come or at least be released from the consent stroking I
was giving myself. The tables had turned she wasn't on the bottom now to be used
as a slave to a slave. Her legs were not tied to the sides of a saw horse with
her ass wide open and waiting to be invaded and tortured. No her legs were
crossed and I was the one wanting to be used.. I was the one wanting to be
invaded and tortured. It was all too clear why mistress had choose her to over
see this. She hated me and was going to enjoy seeing me in pain and in non stop
sexual frustration.


She slowly set down her beer and opened her legs, giving me a clear and up close
view of her freshly shaved cunt. I could see the evidence of her excitement
collecting around her opening. I felt the orgasm coming. I was right at the edge
just south of the point of no return. She one up it and rang her finger across
her clit. I licked my lips. My whole world was now there. The center of my
universe was watching her finger slowly rub her clit and the edge of her labia.
Quickly she increased her speed and before she was shaking but making no sound.
I could hear my heart beat pounding in my ear. My whole body was on fire. I no
longer felt the pain. The cramps were gone. I kept fighting, just surfing on
that edge. She was now coming and her whole body was a twisting, convulsing
vision of release. I was hovering on my knees and toes. I knew too well that one
more stroke and I would come. She looked at me in a trance, licking her fingers
clean with her hair down in her eyes and a sideways smile on her month. "Stop
now!", broke the trance and I hung there unsatisfied on the edge willing to
murder my own family just to come. I felt the orgasm fall back in to where it
came from. My cock twisting and humping air trying to gain release. She smiled
and sipped her beer, heartless. As my body tried to achieve pleasure.

"My, my you like you are in a land of shit. I bet you wish right now that you
had never opened that envelope. Too late now fuck-o. Your ass belongs to me for
the next 7 days and" She looked at her watch, " 20 minutes. And you are going to
hate every last second of it but damn am I going to enjoy it." She lit a smoke,
took a drag and said, "Open sez me." I opened my month and she flicked the ashes
into my month. 'Did you enjoy that nut you blew in my ass?"

"Yes, Mistress." I squeaked out.

"Well, boy are you going to pay for it now and I assure you that before our
little time together is over, you are going to completely understand what it
feels like. Except it won't be some tiny little cock like yours. Oh no, you are
going to know what it feels like to be fucked in the ass by a real man." She
then flicked another ash on my waiting tongue.

I had forgotten about the Bottle that Madam had sent until she picked it up and
held it in front of my nose. "You know what this is, shithead?"

"No Mistress", I said as visions of what it could be raced through my mind. At
first I thought that it was urine but it was too thick. To tell the truth I
really had no idea but I knew that I would soon be drinking it.

She held it up to the light and gave it a shack. "This is a mixed drink.
Remember when you fucked me up the ass?"

"Yes Mistress I do." No it couldn't be.

"Well what we have here is your cum shit out of my ass with a little urine mixed
in for flavor. For the last 12 days it has been sitting in Madam's Dungeon
aging. Open up." She then poured the continence into my mouth while pinching her
nose. It smelled awhful and tasted worst. I could feel the chunks of shit as is
slowly drained down my throat all the while I fought back the gagging. She
taunted me by saying, "Yum, Yum and you will soon get to taste some of that from
the source.." and with that she pushed me on to my back and began pissing in to
my mouth. Then ordered me to clean her and bring her to orgasm. All the while
she teased my cock to the brim of orgasm over and over. After she had gain two
or three orgasms I began to break down and cry and beg to let me come. She just
laughed and said, "God tears are such a turn on."




Chapter 2	

August 11th.

After she had finished with my mouth she got up, pulled up a chair and began
rubbing the sole of her shoe back and forth over my cock while driving the heel
into my right ball. Then the left bring me close to coming. "I wonder how you
tiny little cock would feel in my cunt?" she said as she pulled away leaving me
on the edge again. "Would you like to feel my cunt over your cock?"

I cocked out the reply, "Yes Mistress."

"I'll make a deal with you. If you slam your cock head in the bathroom door 10
times. I'll put it in my cunt." she said this while running her finger across
her cunt. "Is it a deal?"

I thought about it for a few seconds. Sure the pain would be great but having
her tight cunt around me was too much of a temptation in my current situation.
"Yes mistress it's a deal."

She lead me to the bathroom door and had me lay on my side. Then she took a
piece of twine and looped it around my cock head and stretched out my cock
against the door frame and tied it to the bath tub leg. "Let's test this out."
Without warning she slammed the door against my cock. "I'm not sure let's try
that again." and brought it close harder then before 5 times quickly. This
brought tears to my eyes. It felt like my cock was being sliced in half. "I
think we got it but something seems to be missing." She left and went to the
kitchen as I tried to regain myself. My eyes must have been the size of tea cups
when she came back with a box of Kitchen matches.

"What could they before' I thought to myself. My mind racing a fifty miles an
hour. I had no clear idea and she read this in my face. Her face lite up
brightly as she smiled and said, Let's play fire fighter." Fire Fighter, what
the fuck could that be? Laughing at the puzzled look on my face she untied the
twine and told me to stand. Then she patted my head and ran her hand across my
cheek and said, "Don't worry little one, this won't hurt too much if you do it
right." With that she took my cock in her small hand and began inserting a match
into my urethra with the head just at the entrance. Then another one a little
further out and another until 5 were inside me with the heads spaced a little
apart. "Here's the deal. I'll light the first one and let the flame do the rest.
The only way you can put out the fire is with the wind the door slamming on your
tiny little prick." Without warning she struck the match held in front of my
face and lite the first one. The second one was flaming before I could get the
door slammed into my cock. I could feel the heat and smell and hear my pubic
hairs burning. I slammed it again and again but the thing wouldn't go out. The
pain was beyond belief. She just sat on the toilette and laughed as I dance and
screamed. After about 30 or so slams the fire was still not out. She held up the
cup I used to rinse when I brushed my teeth. "You lose, if you want the fire to
stop piss." I unload into the cup. The fire goes out but it still felt like it
was still burning and the urine added to this. She held up the glass when I was
done and with a laugh said, "Time to Brush your teeth." I did what I was told
rinsing with my own piss and then told me to drink what was left.	


"Well, time for bed. We'll give you a break for the night and deal with the
removal of the items Madame requested and the daily exercises tomorrow." I was
done in but greatly awake from the sexual frustration. I looked down at my cock,
the tip was red and there was black soot from the matches. My balls felt full
and swollen and there where bruise already forming on the sides where the door
had slammed into it over and over. The sight of it was painful but it still
showed no sign of softening. I only hoped that it would shrink without the
consent attention it had received over the past 8 hours but I knew too well that
it wouldn't and sleep would not come.

Sherry turned and looked toward the clock, "Well, it is only 3am, I think we may
have a little time left to play." My heart sunk. She noticed and a smile crossed
her face. Behind her eyes I could see the wheels turning, I didn't really fear
her but I did fear her inventive mind. When I was given the pleasure of taking
her ass she was being punished for what she had done to another slave that was
under Madame's wing so to speak. As I heard it jealousy had driven her actions.
She felt that the other sub was getting too much attention from Madame and broke
into Mistress' computer and had gotten this sub's personal file. His code name
was Sam and he was for the most part only a minor player into mostly light
bondage, feet and spanking. As I heard it he had a long list of limits, couldn't
take pain but paid Mistress Lori very well for her time and was willing to do
her accounting, Taxes and investment for free. Sam was a high profile investment
banker with a wife and three kids. Likely many subs he had a very public life
that was the model of conservative life in the burbs but was driven to darker
fetishes that didn't fit into his public life and his wife was either not aware
of or unwilling to be active in. So he sought out Lori to feed he's dark side
and relied on her professional and ethical side to keep his secret safe.

Sherry armed herself with as much information as she could about Sam and
confronted him at his place of business. She demanded two things: $100,000 and
40 hours of service. Poor Sam was at first totally into the idea of this woman
taking advantage of him and blackmailing him. He thought that a weekend of
playing foot games and maybe some light bondage would be exciting. As far as the
money he was bothered by it but wouldn't miss it. He made arrangements to spend
a weekend with Sherry at a cabin he had in northern Minnesota. Way out in the
woods. Just the middle of no where. Just them, a lake and the animals for like
10 miles. Once they got there, Sherry started soft with a little foot licking
and sucking and then added a blindfold, going really slow and easy. After about
an hour she had him stand and tied his arms to the rafters above him moved on to
a little light spanking and some teasing with a feather. Just pushing all this
guys buttons. Then when he was good and comfortable lowered the boom. Understand
this guy hadn't told anyone they were going to be there. He knew nothing about
Sherry or her relationship to Lori. Just perfect strangers and here is this poor
prick out in the middle of no where, no chance of anyone coming to his aid. Just
plain helpless and she laid into him.


Things changed as soon as she had his legs tied to the side and he gave the safe
word. I guess she just laughed and laid into him with the cane. After reducing
him to a scared crying and now bleeding little boy, she removed the blindfold,
pulled up a chair and sat down. I guess he pissed himself cause there before him
on a table lay just about every instrument needed to preform his complete list
of limits except animals and castration devices. Sherry then produced the list
of limits and began checking off caning, visible or lasting  marks and blood
letting. Then began to go through some of the other limits, explaining that the
whole list would be completed before the weekend over and that she was torn
between doing then alphabetically, by casting a die or just at random. She
simply just sat back and watching and listening while he began with threats and
then moved on to out and out begging.

She told him that she would reduce the number of limits by 5 for ever question
he answered correctly. They started out at nearly 100 limits to begin with and
the end he was down to about 14 or 15. Of course she had by the end of the
questions enough information to completely destroy his life and leave him
without a dine and of course another $100,000 and the deed to the cabin. He also
agreed to stop seeing Mistress Lori in the future. To be nice she said she would
drop the limits down to just 10 but she would pick them. They ended up being:
Wax, CBT, anal play, play piercing, scat, piss, sounding, nipple play, fire
play, and enema. Poor Sam had no choice but to submit to the hell that laid
before him. He hung his head and softly cried as she spent an hour circling him
with a crop, lay hard hit and then crackling as he flinched and tried to
hopeless move away from the sting of the crop or bitting his ear or upper
shoulder. Enjoying herself with his hopelessness and tainting him with he's own
stupidity that had gotten him into this mess and going over the list of things
he would be enduring at her hands. In other words fully and sadistically
enjoying herself.

After she had tired of this she set the crop down and put a postering collar on
his. Which allowed him to only look toward the ceiling. She dropped to her knees
and took his soft cock in her month. Sucking it gentle while tracing her finger
tips over his legs and scrotum. He settled into the feeling, enjoying her mouth
around his cock, drifting out of his fear and relaxing. She pulled it out and
teased him with her finger tips, asking questions about his wife and if she
sucked cock as well, Asking him to beg her to suck his cock and tell her what he
was willing to do for the honor of coming in her mouth. She went on for 2 hours
taking him to the edge and back, reducing him, breaking him to the point where
he said he would have cut his own cock off just to come. Then she shifted gears,
he hadn't noticed her placing the spiked parachute around the base of his
scrotum. He hadn't noticed her attaching the weights to the chain. That is until
she dropped full force from her hand just as he was about to come. The weight
pulled his scrotum toward the floor as the spikes drove into the soft skin. He
struggled to lower himself to the floor to reduce the pull of the weight all in
vain. He screamed and begged, offered money, power, anything for her to remove
the parachute or reduce the weight. She answered by giving the weights a kick
and counting out load the number of swings. When it reach 20 she changed to
having the weights swing in a rotation. She told him that if he could get it to
do five complete circles she's remove. She sat down lite up a cigarette and
laughed as he tried swing his hips in vain to cause the weights to circle. It
just dropped dead straight and she would scoot over and push around again and
egg him on to try again. By the time she was tired of this he had lost his
erection and there was blood dripping slowly on to the wood floor below. She
just turned out the light and went to bed.


The next morning she woke up and release his legs. He began kicking, she simply
stepped back and watched him struggle, inflicting more pain on his scrotum as
the weights swung back in forth with his struggle. Adding to this was the fact
that he had morning wood and need badly to piss. After a few moments he gave up
and relaxed. She quickly hobbled him with a set of restraints and a 8 inch
chain. She then released his hands for the rafter and let them fall in front of
him and he fell to his knees. At last with the weights on the floor the pressure
was relieved on his scrotum. Sherry attached a lead to the collar and began move
toward the front door. Stopping at the front door she turned around and placed a
leather gag in his mouth and then pushed his face to the floor and inserted a
anal plug with a long tail in his ass. She said something is missing and then
produced doggie ears on a head band and placed it on his head. "Time to go
potty." She said, dragging him out the door and down the stairs. Each step
brought whimpers from Sam as the weights on the parachute slide from one step to
the one below.

The yard of the cabin was nothing more then a slow grade of rocks, sticks, dirt
and pine needle. Half way into the yard and Sam's knees were bleeding. Then she
told him, "Be a good little doggie and pee." He started to squat and she
corrected him., "No like a doggie, find the right spot and then mark you turf."
He began wondering around the yard until she gave him the sign that it was
enough choosing. He lifted his leg as well as he could and let loose onto a
fence rail. As he was just about done a car pulled up the road. Fearfully he
tired to cover up as best and could and started to rise to run for the shelter
of the cabin. Sherry was having none of that and held him tightly and forced him
to the ground.

The car parked and out stepped a woman and a man. The man was a mystery to Sam
but the woman wasn't. There is a tight black dress was his wife Sara. I'm sure
he thought to himself salvation. Sure the cat was out of the bag but at least he
would get out of this mess. Maybe lose his wife but would get on with his life.
It must have been a complete surprise when she greeted Sherry warmly with a peek
on the cheek and then addressed him, "Sam did you really think I didn't know
about your little "interest"?  I mean I found the magazines collection in the
back store room years ago. You'd think the fact that I didn't question wear you
went on Thursdays would have been a clue. Did you really think that I was so
stupid?" She went on to explain that Sherry had contacted her and offered to
share the weekend with her and the man was Jim her lover of some time and that
he was Bi. Jim took care of certain needs that she had and he would get to know
those needs very well this weekend and just how well Jim took care of them. This
was a great deal more then Sam really thought he could handle.

"It's been a long drive Jim, do you have to go?. If you do feel free to use my
dear sweet husband. Oh yeah, Jim this is Sam." Jim walked up to the covering
figure of Sam and pulled out his cock and let loose right into Sam's face making
sure that the leather gag was soaked and that some of it entered his mouth. He
finished by wiping his cock into Sam's hair and then patting he's head and
saying good toilet. Next Sara walked calmly up to him and said, "Taste good?
Well, get used to it. Welcome to hell, this weekend is only the start and it's
just beginning." She took up the lead and half drug him back to the cabin. Each
step a struggle as he tried to keep up dragging his body with his bound hands
and all the while pulling the 5 pound weight through the dirt with his scrotum.
His head must have been swing with the changes in his life and the immediate
problem of how he was going to get back up the stairs. He stopped at the bottom
step and looked up pleading for help but got none. Just a tug on the lead. The
only way he could figure out how to manage the stairs was to stretch out his
legs and try to lift the weight high enough to clear the step and then set the
weight down and move to the next. His head was full of some much pain that he
began to hope that his scrotum would just drop of. That his whole genitals would
drop off completely. Hadn't it been them that got him in this mess in the first
place.


Once inside Sara removed the Parachute and cleaned the wounds with iodine.
Sherry and Jim headed outside to leave the two of them alone The pain was
incredible but Sara's warm hands on his genitals had caused he's erection to
return. She took note of this and aided in his arousal. He swimmed the effect of
her hands on him. Regardless of the pain he wished only to come and was driven
toward it. He truly loved his wife and had been struggling with his need to
fulfill his fetish. For years he suppressed he's urges by hiding in the backroom
with pron, his hand and his imagination leading the way. He had even hinted to
Sara about it and she dismissed them. After years of being together the sex
become less often and Sam had relied more and more on his time alone. He had
thought this was because the fire had left after years together but now he
wondered if Jim wasn't the real reason for this.

Sara asked, "Do you want to come for me?" Sam nodded yes. "Do you love me?" He
began to cry as he nodded yes. Will you still love after this?" Sam nodded yes.
"Even though I've been fucking someone else and will continue to do so even in
front of you?" He nodded yes " Even if I will be also causing you a great deal
of pain?" He nodded yes. "Is this just cause you want to come?" He shook his
head no. "I don't believe you but we will see." With that she pulled her hands
away and started buckling a leather cock ring on him that forced his balls
outward. "OK, here's the deal. If you do the following things, I'll let you
come, untie you and we'll go home and never talk about this again, I will give
up Jim and we'll explore your dirty little secret together. Would you like
that?" He nodded yes. "They are not going to be easy are you sure?" He nodded
yes. "If you don't complete then or live up to my standard or slip up in anyway,
the last day will be your life for the rest of your life. Are you sure you are
sure?" He nodded yes. "Ok first off you are never to see another mistress or any
other woman." He nodded. "Second, you will allow me to fuck other men without
complaint as long as it is a one time thing." He thought about this one. He
wasn't a jealous man but it was his wife and the mother of his children. She
added, "and you will have to watch me and my lovers and then clean me up
afterwards." He was unsure what the cleaning up thing meant but he nodded
anyway. "You will sign the papers I brought with me that voids the pre-nuptial
agreement and agrees to a sizable settlement if we ever divorce." He nodded.
"You will go through this game for the next 2 hours and suck and fuck Jim." This
one scared the shit out of him but the choices seemed limited and he really
wanted this to be over and to come. So, he agreed.

Sara went took his hands and rose him to his feet. She propped to her knees and
took his cock into her month. Bring him to the edge and then backing off. Then
the door opened and the others walked in. Sara's face broaden with a smile as
she softly stroked him with her left hand. Sam was on the edge. Just one more
stroke and it would be all over. She stopped and held him, rolling his cock
between her palms. "Breaks over time to get back to business." is all she sad as
she began hitting Sam in the balls over and over. Sam hit the floor on his side
trying to curl up into a ball but Jim pulled his legs up and away and Sherry
pulled his arms out of the way. As Sara moved on to kicking him.


Soon Sara grew tired of the kicking and moved on to other fun. They moved him to
a chair and tied his arms behind him and his legs wide apart. Sherry moved
toward him with a lighter and a candle in hand. She lit the candle and set it on
the table next to him and removed the gag. "I want to hear you scream from this
one. First we need to remove the hair." She lite the Zippo, "This is really
going to fucking hurt." and she began to pore rubbing alcohol over his chest and
pubic area. Over her shoulder he could see his wife half undressed making out
with Jim as they watched Sherry work. Pausing for effect she waved the lighter
under his nose and stepped back. Then with a count of three playing on her lips
she set the fire to his chest and stepped back. Sherry was right Sam screamed
until he was horse. The smell of burning hair filled the room along with his
screams. When she felt that the hair was removed she damped the fire out with a
wet towel and then ran her hands over the smooth skin. "Usually, it's best to
shave before hand but I thought it would be more fun this was and speed things
up a bit."

As Jim recovered he took note of Jim bending his wife over and taking her from
behind so they could both watch what came next. Sara stared directly into Sam's
eyes as she bit her lower lip. Though he hated to admit it, watching his wife
being fucked while being tied up and unable to stop it was a big turn on. This
and being aroused by much of the play over the last few hours surprised him.
Even being pissed on had been a big turn on. The train of thought was derailed
by two things, the 8 inch rod that Sherry was holding in her gloved hand and the
thump of her index finger on his left testicle. Sam had never seen a sounding
rod before and was more than a little puzzled by it but quickly understood it's
uses as it was lubed up and inserted to the halt. The pain was deep and burning
but at the same time arousing. Sherry began twisting it in circles and tapping
it. This went on for sometime and two things surprised poor Sam. The first being
that regardless of the amount of pain his cock did not soften and that Jim still
hadn't came.

Sherry got bored with the sounding rod and stepped away and returned to the back
of Sam. She bent forward, laying her breast against his back. He could feel her
nipple through the bra she was wearing they were hard and full of blood. She
draped her arms around him, a candle in each hand. Her month was close to his
ear. He savored her warmth and softness. Taking it in completely. She   whisper
into his ear, "So, you like to watch your wife get fucked. Look at that hot stud
fucking your beautiful wife. She told me he can last for hours and she really
likes to be fucked in the ass. She said she never let you do that. That must
make you feel like shit to know that this guy has fucked her somewhere you
haven't. Maybe they'll do it for us now. I bet you'd enjoy that wouldn't you?
You piece of shit. You know I fucking hate you. I hate all men but you I really
hate." She began bitting his ear hard. It felt like she was tearing it off and
then she tipped the candles, poring the wax over his nipples, then down his
stomach and over his thighs. She moved in front of him as he screamed and tried
to pointless move away from the heat of the wax. She stood over him holding the
candles above his cock. Sam began to beg and Sherry acted like she was thinking
about as she lowered the candles within inches of his cock. She smiled as she
tipped the candles cause a flood of wax to pore over his cock until it was
completely covered in wax. Sam screamed and bucked against his binding until he
tipped the chair over. Sherry just stood over him and laughed.


Through his pain he looked up at Sara, her face was showing signs he knew will.
Eyes wide, mouth open and body shaking. She began to hurl insults at Sam, "You
piece of shit toe sucking freak. F you fucked me as well as he does I wouldn't
have to go out looking for it. No you a little worm not a man. You'd rather suck
toes then fuck me." She fell to the floor and patted Jim's cock and then after
she recovered picked up a ridding crop. Moving toward Sam she raised the crop
and fired down blow after blow only stopping long enough for Jim and Sherry to
lift chair upright. Then she really went to town. Removing the wax as she swung
away. First his chest and thighs and then his cock. At last she dropped the crop
and sat down. Snapping her fingers and pointing to her cunt. Jim like a little
dog dropped to his knees and drove his face into her cunt.

Sherry began to remove the wax that was left with a straight razor. Once she was
satisfied that all the wax had been remove she pulled an end table over to Sam's
side out of sight and put on a fresh pair of gloves. Opened a betadine swab and
began disinfecting his penis and nipple area. Sitting back she waited for the
betadine to activate and removed her gloves and lite a cigarette. Drawing deeply
she then asked into Sam's month. He knew this game and it was something that was
within his limits but feared that when she moved the cigarette close to his cock
and to his inter thigh, that she wasn't going to stop at just letting him feel
the heat. He feared that she would burn him deeply with it. This caused him to
jump when the burning tip was close enough to feel and Sherry greatly enjoyed
the game and his reaction. She played up the vamp, teasing him with her hands,
crossing and re-crossing her leg. He closed his eyes and soaked in the inviting
sound. She blew smoke in his face. Gave him quick teasing glances at her cunt.
He was beyond excited. He was floating on the felling on his on arousal.

With a stabbing motion Sherry put out the cigarette into the ash tray and put a
large ball gag into he's mouth and buckled it in the back. She took in his
wonder as she ripped open a package and bent over out of his sight. Then he felt
a cork on one side of his right nipple and a burning pain that seemed never end
as she drove a 18g needle through his nipple. He looked at his wife through the
tears now forming as she pulled on her nipple and began to come again.  Sherry
pulled on the needle and twisted it, sending waves of both the erotic and pain
straight through and to his cock. Twisting and flaying as best he could while
Sherry sat back and played with her cunt outside his view. Once he had settle
down she moved on to the other nipple. Sam felt like he was going to come but it
was an orgasm that seemed like it would never complete. Felling like he was
warmed up she moved on to the area around the nipples making a star pattern. Sam
found himself in another world. His was floating outside his body and he felt
like his whole body was one sensitive penis. Every thing then faded to black.

When Sam came to it was dark outside and he could hear but not see, Sherry, Jim
and his wife going at it in the room. He sat there trying to figure out just
what was going on, where he was at and how long he had been out. Slowly it all
came back. He had a lot to think about while he waited. The most madding thing
about it was he had no choice to wait. He was a body of wait and want. At last
they all appeared naked. Sara said, "Well, well, well look who's up. Are we all
rested and ready for round two." She paused as if waiting for a reply and then
continued, "I think I'll take over from here and Sherry can be Jim's fluffier
until we need him."


Sara removed the poster collar and said she wanted him to watch what she was
going to do to him as he sat helplessly. Putting on a set of gloves she picked
up a needle and a cork. As she traced down his chest and stomach she said, "Oh
where or where, am I going to put this one." Stopping at his bruised and
battered cock she paused and said, "ahh not just yet." and moved to his scrotum
driving one after another into his sack. Once 15 or 20 was in she moved on to
the base of the shaft. She slowly inserted one through the out skin on the front
then the sides and the back creating a ring. After about an hour she had 6 rings
about an inch or so apart. Then she moved on to the glands. Driving the needles
vertical through the edge until about ten were through creating a strange crown
of sorts. Sam was in another world surfing on wave after wave. Then she stopped
noticing that he was out of it and put the smelling salts under his nose. Awake
and alert he watched on as she took the last needle and drove it millimeter by
millimeter through the glands. "I think we are going to have to have your cock
pierced permanently after you heal up." His own cock now looked foreign to him.
It was purple and bruised, tied tightly by the cock ring, needles, sounding rod
sticking out of his piss hole, needles everywhere. They  left him be for a few
minutes while they sat back and eat. Sherry even went as far as to take a number
of pictures of their handy work to remember it by.

Once down eating they released Sam's hands and feet. His legs and arms were
jell-O and he fell to the floor and just sat there for a few minutes. Sara took
the scraps from their plate and scraped then into a large bowl. Then her, Sherry
and Jim each pissed into the bowl and placed it on the floor. Removing the ball
gag, Sara patted the side of her leg and then pointed to the dish. Sam was so
hungry he gladly drove right in. Even going so far as to lick the bowl when he
was done. After he was done eating they lead him to the bathroom. There waiting
was two large enema bags. Passive as a cow he let Sara remove the butt plug and
insert the nozzle. After each enema the had him shit in a bucket. He was leery
of this but was willing to do anything to relieve himself. When he was done they
lead him back into the front room and placed him all fours.

It was Jim's turn to come Sara announced and without and foreplay, lube or
etc..... Jim drove right in. Ripping Sam's ass apart. It was more like a rape
then anything else. Sam was screaming and pulling away but Jim held him solid
and just pounded away. He though it was blood leaking from his ass but in fact
it was pre come. Jim had been saving this one up for hours and raping his fuck
buddy's husband while she watched was push him to the point of no return. He
pulled out and threw Jim onto his back. Stroking his cock and said, "Beg to
taste my cock bitch or I'll beat the living shit out of you and rip those
needles out one at a time. Beg or I'll show you what real pain is, bitch." Sam
begged. Degrading himself as Jim instructed him to refer to himself as a whore,
a cocksucker, fag, a bitch etc..... Finial Jim grabbed his hair and raped his
face. Sam fought the gag reflex but lost Sam pulled out long enough for Jim to
throw up what little was in his stomach. As soon as he was down he returned the
shit smear cock back into his face and went at with renewed force. Before long
he come down Sam's throat. Sam pulled out and beat him with his cock and then
wiped it off on his face and hair.

Sam felt like he had hit the lowest point and the whole thing was over but he
was wrong. As he began to get up, Sara pushed him down and said, "Where the hell
do you think you are going fuck-o?"


"I've done everything. I wanted to wash up and..." He was stopped there with a
back hand. He rubbed his check as Sara drug him by his hair to the bathroom
followed by Sherry. Once there she forced him into the bathtub and stepped in.
Without a word she sat on his face and began to piss into his mouth. When she
was done she ordered him to clean her. Sam licked her from her clit to her anus.
As she barked orders he fought to breath. Once she had come, she was quickly 
replaced by Sherry. She swatted over him facing him and told him not to miss a
drop or she would show him a new level of pain. She laughed as he tried to
breath, gulp the stead stream and caught the urine in his mouth as she moved
from side to side and making sure to piss all over his face including his hair
and eyes. The she too, turned around a plotted her full weight on his face
grinding his nose into her anus as cut off his air and rode his face to orgasm.

Sherry then lifted off him and with no for warning began to shit into his mouth.
She told him to crew it up good and she wanted to see it before he swallowed it
down. Of course he puked as he chewed fighting to keep it down. At last he got
it down only to puke it all back up. Sara then picked up the bucket of enema
waste and pored it over him. More pictures were taken before they turned on the
shower and cleaned him up. Then they set about removing the sound rod, needles
and cleaning up his wounds. Once he was all cleaned up the took him back into
the front room.

Sara order him to kneel and her and Sherry put on some black leather high heals.
Each took turns having him lick and suck off the heals. Then he got on all four
with Sherry behind him. She stuck the heal of her shoe in his ass and began
fucking him with it. Sara ordered him to beat off on her shoes. It only took
three painful strokes until he was covering her shoes with come. "Lick it up
bitch.", is all Sara as Jim and Sherry got dressed and left.

Sherry headed home feeling good and a bit proud of herself. $200,000, a new
cabin in the woods to vacation at in the summer and a good bad time. All went
well until Mistress Lori received a call from Sam saying that he would no longer
be using her service or helping out in accounting. She was pissed to say the
least. A couple of weeks went by and I was waiting for my session with the
mistress. Naked, collar on and helplessly erect with nothing to occupy my mind
but want and wait. At first I wasn't sure who's voice I was hearing but I knew
vaguely who she was talking about on the phone. I had a session with Madame
right after Sam's call and she took it out on me. Went as far as calling me Sam
the Shoe Man. So as I waited there, Sherry went through in detail what had
happened to Sam. I'm not sure who she was talking to but I was sure to mention
it to Mistress after my session was over.

I'm not sure what all Sherry's punishment involved but I do know this much.
Mistress took the $200,000 and the cabin. Sherry spent a month in her dungeon,
without orgasm, tortured daily by Mistress, other slaves, clients and even
random men off the street. The night that I was rewarded, Sherry was tied to the
saw horse. I think she had been riding the horse for most of the day. I sat and
watched Mistress, pierce her nipple to the horse and then her outer labias. Next
she took a butt plug and coated it with cinnamon oil inserted it. Took out the
thickest cane I've ever seen and soundly beat her starting with the bottom of
her feet and then moving upward. After she was done she let me fuck her ass. I'm
not sure if Sherry knew that I was the one that told Madame or if you figured
that she had just found the photos and put two and two together. But here I was
at the mercy of this evil hell bitch for the next week or so.




Chapter 3	

August 12th.

So there she was towering over me. Smiling, maybe the biggest bitch I had ever
encountered in my life and I was at her mercy. I was just happy that it was
Friday and I didn't have to work tomorrow. In a way that wasn't a blessing, it
meant I had nothing to break up this torture for another 52 or so hours when I
reported to work Monday at 7am. She moved slowly around me and began to say
something but was cut off by the sound of the door buzzer. She left me standing
in the bathroom door and yell gleefully, "company." and went ran to the door.

I stood there staring at my battered cock and made no move to cover myself or
move even though I was in full view of the door. Yes, I was beaten. I had been
beaten long ago. At times I tried to break away but the truth was that this
insanity drove my life and without it everything would seem pointless. The voice
startled me though, it was male and I knew it. The thing was I didn't know who
it belonged to. I had heard it often in Madame's office and on the phone. I
looked and what I saw in a way made me with I hadn't. He was slender about
140lbs, maybe 5' 8" or so and he was wearing a leather dressed laced up the
back. The thing that bothered me was two things, in his hands was two large
cases and his appearance. Even though he had a large erection that was clearly
visible under the dress, he had large breasts and the body of a woman. His hair
was cut short, military style flat top and he was wearing jackboots. There was
this feel of a Nazi prison guard. It made my skin crawl but also my cock
twitched a little. I was drawn to the face, hard and chiseled tight. The kind of
face that you are drawn too on a crowded train and find yourself staring until
your are found out. Then look away but can't help but steel a few more glances
but they are never enough. True beauty.

They exchanged some greetings and a kiss and then he moved to the couch, sat
down and began to unpack the cases. I stood there dumb founded until Sherry's
bark to greet our guest cause me to jump and I joined them in the living room.
Sherry ordered me to stand in the corner with my hands on the wall as they
continued to remove other articles and items from the cases out of sight. I
caught only bits and pieces of the conversation as they talked in whispers.
Things like, "OH that's going to hurt.", "Yeah his cunt is broken in but there's
always room for improvement.", "Yeah she may remove it.." and "Yeah she said he
had to with who ever I wish and the controls are off this week." My mind spined
the whole time but the wait was exciting to say the least.

I was about to drop my hands when Sherry spoked up, "This is Kris and this will
be Kris' little playtime. If you do everything correctly, I will let you take a
bath and sleep for 8 hours if you can."


Kris moved up behind me and I felt the gloved hands tracing down my back and
over my ass. Then the hands circled my chest and my nipples pulled on, as I felt
the strange combination of soft breasts on my back, whiskers on my neck and a
hard cock rubbing against my ass. I jumped a little as those hands moved toward
my cock but my excitement was hard to hide as the pre-come leaked onto the
floor. I felt a warm kiss and then a tongue on my neck. The voice shook the
moment, it was deep but hypnotic. "I think this little bitch is going through a
little confusion right now. There's part of him that wanted to lean into the
idea that there is this beautiful women that wants to hurt, degrade, and fuck
him. All those sick little fantasies that are locked up in his slaty little
head. The only problem is he feels the cock, the rough bread and hears the voice
and is unsure about being fucked by a man." There was a deafening roar of
laughter. Then a tongue in my ear and a glove in my mouth. "Should we let him in
on the secret?"

"What that the bitch is about to get her Homo Cherry busted?", said Sherry as
she fought back the laughter.

"That's not a secret, that's going to happen regardless before the week is out.
I think it already knows that and Madame told me she'd even allow it to come
without punishment if it was from anal. No the other secret?", Chris replied as
the glove began to slowly fuck my mouth and the other glove reached around and
slid the plug in and out of my ass.

"Let me see, that you hate men?", Sherry giggles out.

"I didn't know that was a secret. NO you know that one." Chris replies and
begins to push faster and against my will I begin to fuck back against the plug.

"Oh that secret? I can I tell it or do you want to? It might fuck with him more
if we tell him later. Are you sure Madame said he could come?" Sherry walked up
behind us and untied the back of Chris' dress and it fell to the floor. His soft
body against my back felt so good and I began to drift into the sensation of the
feelings. Chris' faces firmly in my mind's eye as The voice, cock and hint of
bread played on my fears. I had listed sex with a man as a limit a long time ago
and Lori had hinted at it as a form of punishment. It secretly excited me but
the idea was mixed dread and this had me even more mixed.

The scene was broken by the phone ringing. When the answering machine picked it
up it was Madame, "Sherry pick up." She did and I couldn't make out what they
were talking about but Sherry was laughing so hard she was in tears.

Sherry hung up and said, "Madame said that he can come but if he does he has to
give Larry and you head. Oh and she also said something about a rim job for that
homeless girl that lives in the box on the corner. You know the one with the
fucked up skin. It seems she doesn't care how though but he has to beg for it
and do all that before he can. I think we should just make him come regardless
of weather he wants to or not and make him do it anyway. I'll call Larry and
then go get that homeless girl. Should we be nice and let her take a shower
before hand?"

"I think that will depend on how good he's head is. I've came like 3 times today
and would rather start fresh tomorrow. Why don't we do a number 5 on him, get
comfortable and get some rest?" Chris said turning away from me leaving me
hanging on my tiptoes.

"You think he can handle number 5. He's been up since 7am yesterday and I've
been playing with him for hours?", Sherry replied and my hopes for sleep and a
yawn came across me.


"Maybe a little mercy would be a good thing. I say we let him sleep till 7am and
then start in. Let's give him something for him to sleep and then put him to
bed." Chris then pulled a hood over my head and I was driven into silence and
darkness. I was then taken by the hand and lead to where I don't know and thrown
on the floor face up. They then staked me out some to speak, spread eagle. After
standing so long it felt good to rest even if it was on the cold floor. The next
thing I felt was someone squeezing my balls hard and a ring gag being forced
into my mouth. There was something else inserted after that it felt like a tube
and then a couple of pills. The smell told me the next thing was piss and then
darkness quickly after that. I guess that was the end of the first day/night of
hell or at least what I can remember.


Morning came in the form of a screaming bright light and a kick in the side. It
was like being scared awake, like when you wake in a hotel room or someone else
house at first you don't know where you are. Then the panic hits, where the hell
am I? Have I been kidnaped? Who are these people and what harm do the wish to do
to me? Then things come into focus, I blink and try to move my hands. The first
thing I noticed was the book shelves and a copy of 'As I lay Dying' and the
thoughts begin to jump start. I'm at home, I'm in this situation by choice. My
head is fuzzy and pressure. There's movement around me but I can't hear it. Have
I gone death? No the hood that's what the pressure is. I'm tied down and
everything is OK or as well as it can be. My cock is rigid and there's a pain in
my bladder is full. My mouth is dry, cotton mouth, did I drink last night? I try
to lick my lips and close my mouth. I can't move my jaw and my tongue seems
trapped. That's just the ring gag.  Relax, don't panic, deep breaths.

Sherry is in my face with a big smile. She's laughing all crazy, I see her mouth
moving but can't make it out. She picks up the end of a tube. Oh yeah that's why
I can't seem to clear my throat. She puts a 2 blue pills in the tube. Then puts
a funnel on the end and holds it up to her cunt and piss fills the tube. I block
my wind pipe just in time and fight back the cough as a little got past. What
was the pill?

I feel her loosen my left wrist and it doesn't want to move. All tingles, pins
and needles it's asleep. She picked it up and rubs it and the blood begins to
return with the fire. She repeats the same on the other and then sits me up.
Removes the tube, ring gag and the hood. I hear a TV and someone else moving
around in the kitchen. For the first time I smell the sausage and hot cakes.
Sherry notices my interest and laughs, "Oh not for you lover boy." She's almost
playful and this worries me. I know that she is usually the nicest before things
get ugly. Part of her head games. Next my legs are free and she helps me to my
feet. We pass Kris in the kitchen in a robe, cock straight out and that
beautiful breast and face. Seeing that makes the whole thing even more
confusing. My mind comes back to me and focuses on just what the hell is Number
5.


Sherry leads me in front of the bowl and I look down, my cock is straight up
aiming straight at my face. It seems to have gotten even more excited then it
was last night. "I think the shower would be best in this situation.", she gets
out between chuckles. I step into the shower as the full idea hit me. "Let it
rip, this will be the last chance you will get for a while. At least that you
are going to remotely enjoy. Hey Chris come here you are going to enjoy this and
bring the camera." I started and she told me to stop and she picked up a long
handle brush and aimed the piss toward my face as the need to continue pissing
caused cramping. It felt like my urethra was melting.. At last she told me to
open my mouth and let lose. Regardless of what laid ahead I didn't have to be
asked twice. The piss shot just above my mouth and dripped in as I released for
a solid 3 minutes or at least what seemed like 3 minutes. The whole time their
laughter was uncontrollable. Sherry's aim slipped a little and I ended up
completely soaked in piss.

After I was done she tapped my cock and balls a few times to make sure the piss
was all off. Then tied my hands to the hooks in the top of the shower stall.
"Gee that's why Madame had me put those in.", I thought to myself as the cold
water hit me. After a few minutes I caught my breath as the butt plug was
removed and to my surprise the cock ring. She had the keys the whole time. I
cock to my surprise grew larger. I figured that after pissing, the cold water
and the release from the ring it would soften but it didn't. Also to my
disappointment I seemed to become more turned on and I don't think there has
been a time in my life before where I wanted to come so bad.

Sherry used a wire brush and Irish Spring on my body. She scrubbed until my
whole body was pink and red. The most attention was given to my Cock and balls
and even though it burned and was very painful, I was close to coming several
times. My cock was like a titanium rod. I could have rammed it through dry wall
and kept doing until I came. At that point I would have fucked anything to come
and done anything to come. At one point I nearly came from the rough scrubbing
of the brush. Even though it hurt like hell and the skin was raw. It took number
of very hard hits to my balls by the brush to stop me. Sherry yelled out, "Chris
I think the dose may have been too much."

"All the better. He'll begging and doing anything to come. Then begging for us
to let him stop coming before the nights out.", Chris replied.

After the scrubbing came the hose and cold water everywhere. My teeth were
chattering by the end and I sighed a sigh of relief when it stopped but that
wasn't the end. I began to wonder what was meant by "dose" while I was
readjusted till I was bent over at the waist. I felt the nozzle being inserted
in my anus and then the burning and the cramping as a 1/2 gal enema was flushed
into me. Sherry left me that way for about a 1/2 an hour then released me and
had me do the jumping jacks. By the 15th deep knee bend, my whole body was
screaming. Of course they were all screaming different things. My stomach and
ass wanted me to shit and my cock wanted to grab Sherry and rape the shit out of
her. Everything else just wanted relief. I wonder if she hadn't have had that
stun gun what I would have done. At last I was at my 20th and I danced bent over
begging for release. "Say the alphabet backwards. Every time you fuck it up,
start over. When you do it correctly you can relieve yourself.", She said with a
big ass smile on her face.

"Z, Y, X. W, U, T, S, Q, P, O, N, M, L, K, I, H , G, F, E, D, C, B, A", I
struggled through and then headed to the toilet.


Just as I reached it, there was Sherry's voice, " Forgot J, R and V. 10 more
deep knee bends and try again." After 5 tries I was at last allowed release.
Then ordered back in the show. Tied up and given another and go through the
whole thing over again. After being well cleaned again, I was tied upright and
she applied a thick layer of Nair to my cock and balls, ass and chest. The
burning was unbearable to say the least. She disappeared for what must have been
and hour. I stood and suffered with only my over sensitive cock and excitement
to focus on. When she returned she rinsed off the Nair to show my red but
hairless skin.

The next thing was maybe worst as she began the cleaning all over again and then
inserted a catheter into my penis and deep into my bladder. The tube was then
ran over to a bucket and she left me there with the words, "We'll let you hang
out to dry and dry out." I'm unsure how long I was there but I heard them both
leave. The thought of yelling for help and then raping who ever came to help
because the need to come seems to be growing. At least I dozed off and slept for
a while. It was a light sleep mixed with sex dreams and I in part wished for a
wet dream for some release.

I awoke to a slap across the face and the pain in my upper body and arms. Of
course my cock was still hard. I was still weak but I did manage to be lead back
to the living room by Sherry. She put me in a high straight back chair which she
must have brought up. It looked like an electric Chair The seat was cut open
like a potty chair and had inch high studs on the surface that was left. She had
placed it right in front of the TV on a large piece of plastic drop cloth. She
strapped my ankles, waist, elbows, chest, wrists, knees, forehead and chin. Not
only could I not move but I was forced to stare at the TV. The only thing I
could do is close my eyes. That was taken away a she taped my eye lids open and
dropped in a few drops from a bottle. Lastly she told me to open my mouth and
popped another blue pill in and pour some water in after it.

"Welcome to number 5. See it's a little joke we have. Remember the Warner
Brothers cartoon with the cat and Dog. You remember the one where the Dog makes
the cat spin a wheel for his punishment. And the cat yells and begs, 'no not
______, anything but ______.' Of course the Dog still does it. Well this is
number 5. They start at one and go up to 113. Each get a little worse and most
haven't made it past 3 and you've made it past 4." I smiled a little. "But don't
get full of yourself just yet, there is a long and hard night ahead. Also until
you either give your safe word," Safe word? What safe word? She thinks that
Madame gave me a safe word. Great. "Or just plain break it will keep getting
worse until the 20th when Madame gets back. Right now you can say enough and
I'll leave you here for an hour or so while I clean out your bank account and
max your credit card. Then come back and lock your little cock back up and mail
you the keys. Understand that Madame and all of us will be out of your life and
everyone you know will receive copies of the photos and video taken of you thus
far. This includes your family, friends and just about everyone else you've had
contact with since your met Madame. This will be a high price but you will be
done."


She paused for effect and then started again, "Before you answer that you want
to keep going I want you to know just what you are against. #1 In the last 24
hours you have taken enough viagra to keep a 70 year old hard for 2 days. You
could come and come and the thing will not go down. #2 I have made a tape that
will only add to your excitement and you will be watching it for the next 6
hours. #3 Someone will come in every hour or so to check on your, lube up your
eyes and stimulate you a little and then leave. #4 After the 6 hours you will be
required to do oral service on the homeless woman. #5 Then you will move on to
Chris and Larry, in case you didn't know Larry is a big all Daddy with the
biggest cock I've seen outside of porn. #6 You take care of me and then fuck,
suck and get fuck by who ever we dig up. #7 I'll bring in some of Madame's
chastity slaves, some of those women haven't had a cock in years, let alone come
in months. They will be turned lose on you to suck and fuck until you are dry
coming. The point where you have come so much that your body can't produce
enough come to keep up. You will have orgasms that are beyond belief but they
will also be painful beyond belief. So, what's it going to be?"

I licked my lips, my cock was bobbing in agreement and it was leading my life as
it always has anyway. I choked out, "Yes please continue. I'll do whatever you
wish to continue even if it destroys me."

"Shit, I guess she was right. Oh and don't forget that I plan on spending one
night this week letting you know what it feels like to be raped up the ass the
way you did me. So be it.", Sherry said as she gave me a side way look, raised
her eyebrow, hit play and left.


The video start with static and then images one after another. Each scene was
about 10 or 12 minutes long and were like a play book of all my most intense
fantasies. They were all taken from my questionnaire that I filled out for Lori.
Here it was for my viewing pleasure everyone of my favorite jack off fantasies
played out in living color. Each fueling my need to release. I began to cry
within a few minutes begging god for a breeze or anything just a little
stimulation. Any stimulation even if wasn't enough to cause orgasm. Just
something. I tried to look away but all everywhere I looked it was these images.
I was on the edge of madness when I heard the key turn in the lock.

I know I was babbling, begging and the girl had no idea what I was asking for or
saying. She was 5ft 2 and about 100lbs, dark and Asian. Everything about her was
small from her hands to her feet. At that point in my life she was the most
beautiful thing I have every seen. She owned me and I could tell by her smile
that she knew it. On her feet were a set of french heeled black heels. Her legs
were naked and she wore a black latex rain coat. As she leaned in and put the
drops, I began shaking uncontrollably from her touch.

My whole body could sense her, her smell, her sex, her soul. As she pulled away
I whimpered and began to cry again. Our eyes met and I could have died in those
eyes. It was like she was say, "there, there little man. You have a long ways to
go." Then without a single word she paused the tape and dropped the coat to
reveal her small breast, dark nipple and shaved cunt. Turning around she stepped
up on my knees and leaned her ass back toward me. I began to lick her anus as
her heels dug into the top of my thighs as the studs dug into the bottom of my
thighs. With little or no contact she began to slowly stroke my cock. It was so
light that it wasn't enough to cause me release but I could sense it. She began
to ride face and my world became her ass. I began to buck and try to move to get
more stimulation with no result. She continued to rock and giggled to herself.
After what seems like a life time she began to shake and roughly grabbed my
balls and squeezed and used them for support as she surfed wave after wave.


When she stopped shaking she released her grasp and stepped down. Then lowered
face next to my cock and rubbed it lightly against her check. I begged, offered
money, my life, my first born child and everything else I could of think of but
she just mouthed the words, "Thank You", then lightly on the head of my cock.
Then kissed it and drove the whole cock in her mouth and stopped holding me in
her mouth. Without a word she pulled off me, started the tape, put on her coat,
blew a kiss and left. Leaving me panting and nothing but more frustration to
look forward to.

I figured that I had an hour or so down when she came through the door but after
that I had no idea how much time had passed. My mind was a swim of ass, cunt,
clamps, piss, whips, needles, nurses and sex, sex, sex. My head was pounding, I
was sweating and I felt like I was in a fever. Everything was a haze, was what
was going on, on the TV or was that real life. I had lost it, my life became one
thing coming no matter what the cost. I had three other visit that I'm sure of.
One was a black woman who laid the chair back and pissed in my mouth at least
twice as she fucked my face I think 5 orgasms. She enjoyed whipping my cock with
a belt while she did it. She said crazy things like, "When I put a bitch like
you on the street you better come back with some money." and "Hell, I should
just put you in a booth down at the Pleasure Palace. Lock your mouth up to a
glory hole and charge $5.00 a pop." and "You are nothing but a fuck and piss
hole."

Then there was a big dyke that tipped the chair over and fuck me up the ass with
a strap on dipped in Ice/hot while I sucked off her friends strap on that had
smeared shit all over it. I lost all forms of dignity and if I had any doubt the
last visit summed that up. The tape ended and I sat there in silence thinking
that thank god that's over, soon I'll be coming. Just the bag lady, Chris(which
I was looking forward too), Larry and Sherry's beautiful cunt and ass. Then
hours of hours of fucking. This all fell apart as the door slammed open and 5
guys walked in with 2 dogs.

The just all smiled and then the ring leader with a "No Fear" t-shirt on said,
"OK, this is the fag that fucked my girlfriend. Yeah he's a sick fucker he likes
this freaky sick shit. I bet he'd suck us all off and love it. Would you fag?
Well you're not that luck but you will taste our come. In case you didn't know a
girl offered to fuck all of us tonight and pay us $100 to do this. Enjoy bitch."
They all began to beat off and one by one they came in my face. When they were
done my face, my hair, my ears, chest and eyes were caked with come. The eyes
were the worst. It stung beyond belief the only relief was when the tape gave
and I was able to close my right eye. Then they tipped the chair on my side and
began taken turns kicking me in the balls.

"Fuck, no matter what you do to this fuck he doesn't lose his hard on." one of
then yelled. The last and final insult was when they pulled one of the dogs over
to my face. My stomach turned as I thought they we were going to make me suck
the dog off. Then the dog let lose pissing on my face. The guy with the lease
chuckled and said, "I figured I'd help you a little and let my dog clean you off
a little ." A couple more blows to the balls and they walked out leaving me
there with come and dog piss all over me. The worst thing is I felt a sense of
lost in their leaving because regardless I would have sucked the dog off to
come. I needed any touch to my genitals even if it painful because no touch at
all was much worst.


I was left to on my own for a few minutes and then Sherry returned and after her
laughter died down she, released me and lead me to the shower. She cleaned me
off with cold water of course and left me to air dry after saying, "Time to set
up for #6. God I can't believe you are dumb enough to go through this. I'm
beginning to think you enjoy it. I was beginning to wonder myself. Was it the
pills or was it me?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Iam Dumbshit


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





