BDSM Library - A Trained Toy




A Trained Toy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Following her initial training in the previous story, Sarah returns to my house for the next stage of her training....
A Trained Toy
by Craig R

It had been a week since I'd taken Sarah over to see Sharon. I'd figured that
was about adequate time for my toy to recover. She'd had quite a strenuous
training session though and I needed her fully recovered before I could put the
next stage of her training into practice.

She called round early that Saturday morning, right on time. She must have
correctly guessed that things would have gone bad for her if she'd been late.
She was dressed correctly as well, or at least it looked like it anyway. The
same black dress as last week, washed of course, and a long black coat over the
top. Wandering round the streets in that tiny party dress might have attracted a
little too much attention at 10 in the morning!

But the question was, had she done exactly as she'd been instructed?

I shut the door behind her and followed her into the hallway.

"Take the coat off Sarah." I commanded.

She did so and I threw it over the banister, taking advantage of the moment to
look over her. She was a shortish girl with gorgeous should length long hair,
and a fantastic figure that the dress showed off nicely, hugging her very
obvious curves.

I moved up behind her and slid my hands round her tiny waist, pulling her
backwards against my hardening cock. Now was the true test...

As I kissed her neck my hand moved down from her waist and roughly pulled up the
hem of her skirt. She gasped softly as I pushed a finger between her legs,
confirming her lack of underwear and pressing lightly against her still shaven
pussy.

"Good girl." I commended her as I pulled the dress back down and led her into
the lounge.

"What are we going to do today then?" She asked.

"Well for one thing, we're going to punish you for asking questions." I replied,
sitting down on the couch and reaching to open the drawer next to me. "Over my
lap please."

Thinking she knew what was coming, Sarah quickly laid down over my lap, and me
no effort to resist as I yanked her skirt up around her waist, showing off her
gorgeous bum.

Now Sarah has been tied up and spanked in the past, but I figured that this was
the time to take things a little further. I reached into the drawer and took out
a roll of thick black electrical tape.

Pulling her hands behind her back I quickly tapped them together, wrapping the
tape round and round her wrists until I was satisfied that she wouldn't be able
to escape. The her legs got the same treatment, with a good metre or two of tape
round her ankles.  A final length of tape over her mouth served as an effective
gag, although I decided that I'd probably take it off soon, I wanted to hear her
moaning once I got going...

I still had access to her pussy though, with her bum raised in the air on my
lap. I was tempted to push the big vibe that was sitting in the drawer into her
as I spanked her, but then I decided it was time for another innovation. I'd
been in a sex shop the previous day and found a pair of wu balls, and now seemed
like the perfect time to try them out.

They were a pair of hollow steel balls, each with a smaller ball inside. I could
feel Sarah's eyes on me as I reached into the drawer to get them, wondering what
they were.

I slide a finger into her pussy, making her squirm a little on my lap. She
wasn't going to require any lubrication down there, that was for certain! I
pressed the first ball against her pussy, making her shiver as the cold steel
touched her most sensitive spot. A firm push and it slide deep inside her. The
second one quickly joined it. This was going to be fun! I knew that every move
of her body would set the balls moving in her pussy, causing sensations like
she'd never felt before. And the shocks from my hand on her bum would certainly
get the balls moving!

I started slowly slapping her bum with one hand, making sure that all of it got
spanked, gradually getting harder and harder and spanking her faster. I could
hear her moaning into the tap that was her gag as I spanked her arse and the
balls jolted around in her tight little pussy. Which was making her moan more I
wasn't sure!

It was time for another innovation though. I reached into the drawer again and
pulled out a leather paddle. Her moaning intensified as she realised what I was
about to do with it. I decided to take her gag off, I wanted to hear her.

"No, you can't, please, I'll be good! Please!" She begged.

My response was to bring the paddle down on her bum with a sharp crack that made
her scream delightfully.

"Count please Sarah."

CRACK!

Just moaning.

CRACK!

"Count Sarah!"

"Three!" She yelled.

I considered demanding that she start at one, but decided that would be too
cruel.

CRACK!

"FOUR! PLEASE!"

Her bum was looking rather red now and she was squirming a lot in my lap. One
more I decided, rubbing the paddle over her hot bottom.

CRACK!

"YeeeoooWWWW!" She screamed, only quieting down as I pushed her off my lap.

"Kneel on the floor please Sarah." She just about manages to do so, since I
haven't untapped her yet.

"Any disobedience and there'll be more of that. Understand?" She nods. I think
about taking the wu balls out of her pussy, but decide to leave them in a little
longer. I stand up in front of her and undo my zipper. Taking my cock in my hand
I guide it into her open mouth.

"Suck me slave." I order.

She starts sucking frantically, unable to use her hands, unable to stop my hands
from resting on her head and pushing my cock into her mouth. Even by her
standards its a good blow job, and as I stand there fucking her mouth and
enjoying the sensations, I wonder what to do with her next....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Craig R


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





