BDSM Library - The Cargo




The Cargo
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Four teenagers are abducted and are forced to take part in sexual activities.
THE CARGO

The frequent potholes on the highway rocked the van to-and-fro as it was driven
down the badly maintained highway. The cargo of the van consisted of four high
school pupils who were lying on the dusty floor of the vehicle, hands tied
behind their backs and ankles tied together. Each pupil had been gagged and
sacks placed over their heads to obscure vision.

Debbie just happened to be part of the vans cargo. It felt as if she had been in
the van for hours, and the metal floor was very uncomfortable and the vehicle
was lacking in ventilation.

It had all started after the long haired 16 year old brunette had been round to
a friend's house for dinner after high school that day. She had departed at
about 6.00pm and began walking the journey towards her house and took a
short-cut through the city park. A man come from no where and punched her in the
stomach forcing her to collapse in a breathless heap on the ground. As the
attack took place it did occur to her that the man's motive could be sexual and
expected to feel hands around her jeans or blouse. She was still trying to catch
her breath as the man clutched her head and forced a gag into her mouth. Her
resistance was futile as the gag was tied behind her neck and a sack had been
placed over her head. Debbie had begun to panic and started to thrash her legs
and arms around until she felt a sharp instrument against her neck. A man's
voice told her to do as she was told or prepare to meet her creator. She was
then marched towards the awaiting vehicle and helped into the back. Once inside
her hands were tied behind her back and ankles tied together.

Since she had been abducted or kidnapped, she was aware that the vehicle had
stopped three times at different intervals. During each stop she heard the
slamming of what she assumed was both the driver's and passenger's door of the
vehicle which suggested that her abductor had an accomplice. After a short
period of time she heard the doors of the van open and the sound scuffles,
wimpers and grunts suggested that more "cargo" was being helped on board. Since
the third stop the vehicle had been moving for a long while mostly in a straight
line. Debbie was unable to keep track of time but guessed that she had been in
the vehicle had been driving for over an hour and could quite easily be in
another county by now. The occasional noise she heard from her fellow captives
indicated that there was at least one boy and one girl on board. After a while,
the stuffy atmosphere of the van overwhelmed her and she drifted off to sleep.

Something awoke her. She was aware that the vehicle was no longer moving and the
van doors were being opened. Straight away she could sense that the vehicle was
no longer in the open and a slamming from beyond the van doors suggested that
the vehicle had been driven into a building.

There was the sound of more then one set of foot steps on concrete and she could
sense that her fellow captives were being removed from the vehicle one by one.
Hands pulled at Debbie's ankles and pulled her to the entrance to the van. She
felt a tug at her ankles and was relieved to find her ankles were now
unrestrained. Her ability to stretch her legs was short lived as she felt a
metal cuff placed on each ankle. She was then grabbed by her shoulder's and
helped her to her feet.

"Move it" She heard a man say. Hands held her arm's as she was made to walk away
from the van. Debbie soon found that there was a chain attached to the claps
around her ankles which prevented her from making big strides.

She was shuffled along a concrete floor. After a short distance her captive
tugged back on her shoulders to stop her from walking any further. There was the
clanking of metal doors being drawn closed behind her and within moments the
room she was in (elevator) was moving downwards.

The boy was sat in the chair, his hands tied behind his back, and restraints on
his ankles. He felt relief and a certain feeling of anticipation as the sack on
his head was removed and winced as his eyes were unaccustomed to the light of
the semi-lit room.  He noted that the room was very large and was furnished with
several big tables and other peculiar looking pieces of furniture; each seemed
to be equipped with restraining devices. The room was lit by bright light bulbs
that were suspended by chains from the ceiling and positioned above each piece
of furniture. They were angled so that only the furnishings were lit, the rest
of the room was in semi-darkness. To the right of him was another bloke sat on a
chair wearing a t-shirt, jogging bottoms and trainers. He was equally tied but
was still wearing the head sack. To the left of him stood his captor wearing
only a pair of shorts and a full leather head mask, the beads of sweat on his
chest glistened in the artificial light. The mask made the man look threatening
with only his eyes, nostril holes and mouth visible.

The man untied the teenager's gag and removed it from his mouth

"What is your name?" asked his captor.

"Ben" He replied.

"Thank you" said the man replacing the gag.

"Well Ben I expect you and the person next to you who I have not yet been
acquainted with are wondering what you doing here ?.There are four of you
altogether "He said " two boys and two girls. You have been picked because you
are all of high school age and good looking. Our interest in you all is purely
sexual and the photographs and videos that we take of you all par-taking in
sexual acts sell very well on the underground circuit" He pointed to several
cameras that were suspended from the ceiling and on tri-pods around the room. "I
would say that we want your full co-operation but then it is the movies with the
un co-operative victims that sell the best!".

A door to the side opened and two girls were walked in, hands tied behind their
backs and ankles restrained with their heads covered by sacks. One was wearing
jeans and blouse, the other was wearing a knee length skirt and sweat shirt.
Their captives were also bare chested and wearing full head masks. The girls
were halted in a bright part of the room and the men un-cuffed their hands from
behind their backs and re-cuffed them in front. One of the men pulled down two
heavy duty chains from the ceiling and attached the chains to the girls wrist
restraints. He began to winch the chains up towards the ceiling and stopped when
the girl's wrists were above their heads. The girl in the skirt began to wimper.

"let's make a start" said the man stood next to Ben.   

The two men went about removing the restrained girls' head masks. Debbie was
relieved as her mask was removed, beads of sweat covered her face.

"Smile, you are on T.V" laughed her captor.

Debbie looked to her left and saw a girl of about her age also with her wrists
restrained above her head. The girl was equally as tall but prettier then Debbie
and seemed to have large jutting breasts inside her sweat-shirt. In front of
her, some distance away were two boys restrained in chairs with a man in a mask
stood next to them.

"Let's do the blonde first" said the man stood next to Debbie. He produced a
knife and walked to the side of the blonde girl. The girl tried to scream but
the gag drowned most of the noise. The man took hold of neck of the sweat-shirt
and sliced through it with the knife and ripped it down to the waist, exposing
the helpless girl's bra and stomach. The man behind completed the operation by
ripping the ragged cloth from her back.

Next, the man to the side of her took hold of the waist band of her skirt and
cut through it. The skirt fell from the girl's hips leaving her in just her bra
and panties. Her chest pounded as the man sliced the material between her breast
and removed the cups revealing her big rounded breasts and large pale nipples.
The poor girl's panties were yanked down her legs revealing blonde bushy hair
around her cunt.

Debbie closed her eyes knowing what was to come. He grabbed the neck of her
t-shirt and ripped the front open with his bare hands. The accomplice tore away
the rest of the garment from the rear. Then there were rough hands at her jeans
front and rear as the man to the side used the knife to slice through the waist
band and the man to her rear pulled the cloth down her legs and off her feet.
The man to her side sliced through the bra and tugged it away revealing her well
porportioned breasts with large brown nipples. Her panties were pulled down her
legs and off her feet exposing Debbie's trimmed black bush.

"Prepare the blonde" said the man next to Ben.

The girl's wrists were released from the ceiling chain and taken over to a
hydraulic platform. The girl's wrists and ankles were uncuffed and she was
forced onto her hands and knees. Her legs were pulled apart and each ankle was
fastened to a ring attached to the base of the platform. The process was
repeated with her wrists leaving secured on her hands and knees with her cunt
and arse hole exposed.

The two men left the blonde shackled in position and turned their attention to
the boy sat next to Ben. First, they removed his ankle shackles, pulled him out
of the chair and took him to the rear of the room out of Ben's view. He heard
grunts and scuffles and had a good idea about what was happening.

Debbie was still attached to the ceiling chain. If she turned her head far
enough to her left she was just able to see the blonde girl on her hands and
knees. Straight ahead of her was the lad in the chair. Behind she was the second
youth held upright by one of the captives as the other removed his trainers and
pulled down the boys jogging bottoms and pants and removed them from his feet.
The knife ripped through the front of his t-shirt and the garment was removed
leaving him naked.

Debbie watched as the gagged and blindfolded teenager was marched across the
room and made to kneel in front of the blond girl. His ankle shackles were
secured to metal rings in the base of the platform

"You are going to enjoy the next part" said one of the masked men to the
kneeling teenager.

The blonde girl began to wimper again as the boys groin was forced closer to her
face and she realised what was expected of her as one of the masked men removed
her gag. The teenager knelt before her had his wrists restrained behind his
back. He was athletically built but she could not see his face due to the sack
over his head. She lowered her head to the ground in order to avoid facing the
boys cock and balls.

"I want you to give this lad a nice suck" said one of the masked men. The girl
shook her head and cried loudly, tears rolling down her face. The man pulled her
long hair back and forced her to face the boys cock.

"What is your name blondie?" he asked.

" Nicole" replied the girl. Please let me go" she wailed.

"Well I want this boy to be nice and hard" he said. " If you don't co-operate
then my friend will be falsed to wipe you until you do; like this".

Without warning, masked man who was stood behind her brought his wipe down hard
on the blonde girl's exposed bottom and she screamed as she felt a stinging pain
on her buttocks. The man by her side took the boys cock and guided it towards
the girl's mouth. Not wishing to experience any more pain Nicole reluctantly
took the boys penis into her mouth.

"Now suck" commanded the man " and you will receive another lash if I don't
think you are trying hard enough"

Nicole felt the boys cock grown and stiffen as she licked and sucked the head
and shaft. The boy grunted with pleasure and began to move his hips backwards
and forwards; face fucking the girl.

"Good girl" said the masked man "you are doing well. I think it is time for the
next performance". He looked towards the man with the wipe.

"Get the baby oil and get her ready"

Nicole continued to suck the grunting teenager's stiff cock as she felt cold
hands wiping a cool liquid around her anus and cunt. She wanted to remove the
intruder from her mouth in order to protest but she could only make noises as
the boy willingly thrust his cock in and out of her mouth.

The ankle shackles were untied and the boy was removed from Nicole's face, much
to her relief, but she could tell that the lad was being moved round to her
rear. The boy's wrists were unshackled and he was forced to kneel in between the
girl's spread legs. The men adjusted the lad's body until the pulsating erection
was at the entrance to Nicole's slit. Her virginal lips were parted as one of
the men guided the boy's hard cock into her cunt.

"Push" said one of the men. The teenager did not need any more encouragement as
he willingly pushed his penis into the blonde. He blindly placed his arms on
Nicole's back in order to support himself and he worked his cock in and out of
the girl's violated cunt.

"You fuck her until you come" he was ordered "otherwise you will feel the wip".

"Ben, I do believe that all this is turning you on" said the man stood next to
him. Ben had watched the girls being stripped and watched the blonde being
forced to suck the boy with the sack over his head, and now he had to watch the
girl being fucked. He felt sorry for them but, at the same time, he could not
help being turned on by the sexual acts. In fact, the bulge in his trousers was
very uncomfortable and there was nothing he could do to adjust his erect cock.

"Don't worry Ben, you can have the brunette. In fact, once we have got her
prepared we can all have a bit of the two girls" Said the man.

The two men approached Debbie and she was released from the ceiling chain and
dragged over to a table where her ankles and wrists were released. She was
placed on her back on a waist high table which was not long enough to
accommodate her legs and head. Her legs were spread apart and then pulled back
and her ankles were shackled to the rear table legs. Likewise, her arms were
pulled straight down and wrists were shackled to the front legs. Debbie was now
secured on the table with her head dangling awkwardly and her cunt exposed.

Ben did not struggle as his feet were unshackled by the man next to him, and his
erect cock sprang out as his jeans and pants were pulled down to his ankles and
off his feet. The men ripped the t-shirt from him and walked him over to the
front of the brunette. His ankles were shackled to metal rings set into the
floor, to stop him from going anywhere. One of the men removed the gag of the
brunette and positioned the cock of the naked boy in front of her face.

"Suck him until her comes" he said to Debbie " and you know what will happen if
you resist or don't swallow his come"

Debbie did not want to feel the wip and accepted the boy's organ into her mouth.
She had done oral sex before with an ex-boyfriend but never swallowed. Now she
knew that she had no choice in the matter if she did not want to be punished.

The lad riding the blonde made a loud grunt as his cock exploded inside the
girl's cunt. One of the men pulled him away from the girl and a mixture of
bodily fluids dripped onto the floor from the girl's cunt. The lad was made to
kneel again in front of Nicole and she was ordered to suck the boy's member
clean. She did as she was told, not wanting to be wipped. Meanwhile, the man
went behind Nicole and removed his shorts revealing his swollen member and
kneeled between her spread legs. Nicole could feel something hard at the
entrance to her arse but there was nothing she could do. The man grabbed hold of
her thighs and held her tight as he started to work his unwelcome cock inch by
inch into the girl's anal passage. Nicole stopped cleaning the lad's cock as the
pain in her rear was more important.

Debbie was sucking Ben's cock for all she was worth. The boy was very excited
and could not help falsing his cock as far into her throat as he could, blocking
her air passage. Suddenly the boy let out a painful groan and Debbie felt the
cock go very rigid as he shot his warm salty seed into her mouth. She swallowed
as much of it as she could, some of it dripped from her mouth onto the floor.
Debbie continued licking and sucking until he pulled out of her mouth.

The man who appeared to be in charge was now naked and his manhood was erect. He
took the spent teenager back to a chair and secured him to it. Debbie looked
over at the blonde who was continuing to be arse fucked and thought that things
might have been worse for herself until she sensed that the man had returned and
was now between her spread legs.

"I think it is time that this juicy cunt of yours was fucked" he said probing
his cock at the entrance to her virgina.

He eased himself in as far as he could go and leaned over the terrified teenager
and grabbed her breasts and began licking her nipples in turn.

Nicole gritted her teeth in pain as the man rammed his penis in and out of her
virginal arse and felt a warm sensation as the man exploded deep inside her anal
passage. He removed his bloody cock from the girl's anus and went round to the
front of the girl and kneeled in front of her face. A little pursuation was
administered before the girl took the man into her mouth and sucked him clean.

The third man had watched his fellow captors helping themselves to the girls and
decided that he wanted a piece of the action. He walked over to Ben who was
shackled to a chair. He released the teenager and re-shackled the boy's writs
behind his back. He untied his gag and forced him to kneel in front of him. He
held a knife against the naked boy's throat with one hand and slipped his shorts
off with the other. The man was now stood naked in front of Ben with his
stiffening cock just inches from the boy's face.

"Suck my cock" he said "and if I even feel teeth against it you will be a dead
mother fucker"

"No, please" said Ben.

"Now" said the man digging the knife into the boy's neck.

Tears ran down Ben's face as he opened his mouth and allowed the man to push in
his cock. He felt so powerless and humiliated but he knew that the only
alternative was to risk having his throat cut.

Ben enjoyed oral sex but had never contemplated doing this to another man under
any circumstances.

He licked the throbbing member and watched as the man's balls hardened and felt
the cock go completely rigid as he released his salty sperm into the boy's
mouth. Ben continued sucking and swallowing until the man pulled out.

"I think that is enough now" said the man in charge.

Debbie and Nicole were released from the table and platform and gags and
blindfolds were replaced on the four victims. They were taken back up to ground
floor level and forced into the van. Their destination was unknown.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pauly


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





