BDSM Library - Training Our Toy




Training Our Toy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The initial training program for Sarah, an obedient and willing slave.
                  Training Our Toy
                    By Craig R.

                ***- Chapter 1 -***

I walk in to your living room wearing a black suit, after all, I've just got 
home from work, but as you can see, I obviously haven't come straight round 
to see you. As promised, I've bought a little toy over for you to play with. 
I tug the leash and Sarah walks into the room, head hung low like a good 
obedient slave.

She's wearing a tiny black minidress, the bottom only just covering her 
crotch and from the way her ample young breasts are bulging you can tell she 
isn't wearing a bra. Not that she could in that dress without it being 
extremely visible! The only other thing she has on apart from her black high 
heels is a leather dog collar around her neck, which I've attached the leash 
to, and a pair of handcuffs holding her arms together behind her back, 
pushing her breasts out so nicely.

I drop the leash and leave her standing there as you come over to the two of 
us. I slide my arms around you and pull you to me tightly as we kiss, my 
throbbing hard cock obvious to you as it presses against you through the 
thin material of my trousers. You can't resist sliding a hand down my body 
to stroke it and I grin as you give it a quick squeeze and turn your 
attention to Sarah.

I glance sideways at you as you take hold of her leash and start to twist it 
between your fingers as you let your eyes caress her lovely young body. Her 
face looks so sweet and innocent, but with a body like hers in that little 
black dress she could be the wet dream of any man, and quite a few women as 
well! Her breasts are more than ample, but I can't help but notice as I 
observe you that yours are bigger and my eyes are drawn to the low cut top 
of your long tight dinner dress. I know why you're wearing it, you know what 
I like!

I turn to look at Sarah, head hung low, waiting.

"Has she ever been with another woman?" You turn to me and ask.

"Why don't you ask her?" I reply.

"Well?"

"No." Sarah replies in a small voice.

I glare at her and she can sense it. She lifts her head to look me in the 
eye briefly and then lowers her gaze again.

"No, mistress." She corrects herself.

You look at me.

"You've trained her?" You ask.

"Lets just say I've given her a little advice about how to behave." I 
respond with a grin. "I thought I'd leave her training up to you."

You grin and tug gently on the leash, Sarah follows with only a brief 
hesitation as we head towards the bedroom. I find a place to perch my bum on 
your dressing table and settle back to watch Sarah be trained. The first 
thing you do is take her handcuffs off. She is still flexing her wrists, 
enjoying her freedom again when you pull her leash sharply, pulling her 
towards you. Her face is next to yours and you kiss her on the lips. I grin 
to myself as she tries to flinch away.

"Sarah." My voice contains the warning even though my words don't.

She glances at me and then submits, you feel her lips open and her tongue 
searches out yours. You're smiling as you break the kiss. Sarah looks at me, 
I nod approvingly with a kind smile and she lowers her head again looking a 
bit more relaxed than before. Maybe that first kiss with another woman was 
going to be the hardest barrier to break this evening, but I doubt it.

"I'm going to enjoy this, Craig." You tell me.

"I'd never have guessed!" I respond.

"Maybe we should ease her in gently." You suggest.

I shake my head. "She will do as she's told, she enjoys being spanked, but I 
have other ways of making sure she's a good girl."

You turn back to Sarah, who's blushing a lovely shade of pink at what she's 
just done and what I've just said.

"I'll show you later." I promise, and Sarah lets out a faint moan, whether 
of pleasure or dismay neither of us can work out though.

"Take my dress off, my sexy little slave." You command her, and turn round 
so she can find the zip at the back of your dress.

Sarah can feel my gaze on her again as she carefully runs the zip down. Her 
hands linger over the smooth skin of your shoulders as she pushes the straps 
down and lets it fall to the floor. After my last veiled threat she's eager 
to please, as I sit there and admire you, you step out of the dress and let 
Sarah fold it neatly for you over the back of a chair. You tease! You know I 
can't resist a woman in stockings and suspenders, especially not white lace 
ones!

Sarah stands meekly by the bed watching you as you saunter over to where I'm 
perched, you look Sarah in the eye though as you give my hard cock another 
gentle squeeze through my trousers.

"Do you like what you see Sarah?" You ask her.

"Yes, mistress." She replies, her breathing becoming a little more rapid as 
she watches my hand find one of your breasts and yours starts rub my bulge a 
little harder.

"Would you like to change places with me Sarah?"

She can only nod now in agreement.

"Or maybe you'd like to change places with Craig, my hand rubbing your 
crotch, your hands caressing my body, my breasts?" I find a nipple and tweak 
it through the bra, making you gasp softly to emphasize the point.

A slight hesitation this time, but another nod.

"Sarah, come over here." She does as you command. "Kneel." You grin as you 
continue to rub my cock through my trousers just inches from her face, the 
look of envy is obvious.

"Would you like a go Sarah?" She nods. I'm standing next to you now, waiting 
to see what you've got in plan for her next.

You unzip my pants and let them  drop to the floor, then you pull out my 
hard cock, rubbing slowly in front of her face, grinning as I groan to 
myself.

"Would you like to suck it Sarah?" You ask her. Part of me is begging her to 
say yes, the other realising that she doesn't have a choice, she will obey 
the two of us.

"Yes mistress."

I look down at her, and use a finger to raise her chin until her eyes meet 
mine.

"Tell me how much you want to suck me Sarah."

She glances down to watch your hand still slowly wanking and then looks up 
again.

"I want you in my mouth," she tells me in a small voice, "I want to run my 
tongue over the tip, I want to feel it sliding in between my wet lips, I 
want to feel you coming down my throat master." I look at you with a 
satisfied grin, noticing that your excitement is visible now from the way 
your hard nipples seem to be trying to poke through the thin lace of your 
bra.

"You certainly have taught her how to behave." You observe. "Go on then, 
Sarah, show us how good you are."

You offer my cock to her parted lips and I gasp as she sucks the tip into 
her mouth, her tongue going right for the sensitive bits with no attempt at 
teasing, she obviously realises it wouldn't be a good idea at the moment!

Too soon though you tap her on the forehead and she releases my cock from 
the warm liquid attentions of her mouth.

"She seems pretty good." You comment.

I can't help but agree!

"I'm sure she'll be just as good at eating pussy as she is at sucking cock, 
we'll give her plenty of chances to get some practice." I assure you, 
enjoying the brief look of panic that spreads over Sarah's innocent face at 
my words....

You can't resist rubbing your clit quickly through your lace knickers at the 
thought of it.

"Why don't you let her do it?" I suggest as I catch your movement. You nod 
and I look down at our little slave.

After a moment Sarah reaches out and gently presses the crotch of your 
knickers with a finger tip, making you groan out loud. Feeling a bit bolder 
at your positive response she slides her finger further between your legs 
and starts to rub the full length of your pussy, pushing the coarse material 
against your most sensitive bits. I take her hand and guide it to my cock, 
still slick with her saliva and pre-cum, and with a quick nod she is soon 
masturbating both of us at once.

I smile down at her then we kiss, our tongues searching for each others, 
hands roaming over the other's body, all the while as Sarah watches us as 
her hands do as they were commanded. The look of envy on her face has 
changed to that of sheer longing! She knows I wont let her go unsatisfied, 
but she also knows that wont stop me teasing her something chronic!

"I want to see her spanked first." You gasp as we surface for air.

"But I haven't done anything wrong mistress!" Sarah protests.

"You just spoke without permission." I reply, "And you enjoy it anyway. Come 
here!"

I grab her leash and she rises from her knees.

"Take the rest of my clothes off."

"Yes master."

She does as she's told and petty soon I'm naked. It could be just me but I'm 
sure your nipples look even harder and your breathing is a little deeper as 
Sarah unbuttons my shirt and slides my trousers down. I move over to the bed 
and sit down.

"Over my knees Sarah." I command.

She obeys without hesitation, knowing that that will only make it worse. She 
lies down over my legs, bum in the air, ready to get what's coming to her. I 
enjoy the feeling of her warm body pressing against me, her bare arm trying 
to touch my cock but making sure she doesn't rub it without permission.

"I need a blindfold please Sharon." I ask.

You pass me one from the drawer and I place it over her eyes and secure it 
around the back of her head, taking care not to get the cord tangled in her 
long hair.

Her tiny dress doesn't hide much anyway and I watch your face as I slowly 
pull the hem up, revealing the skimpiest of white g-strings covering her 
lovely smooth bum. Its not lacy or fancy, just literally the smallest we 
could find when I took her underwear shopping! Its virtually a piece of 
string running down the crack of her bum...

"Oh Craig, she's beautiful!" You comment.

"She is, isn't she?" I agree as I land the first slap on one of her cheeks. 
She cries out in shock. I wait. Nothing.

"Right, we'll start again." Slap.

"One!" She gasps.

"That's better, I was beginning to wonder if I'd taught you anything."

"Two!" The hand lands on the other cheek this time.

By the time I reach 10 she's gasping for breath and her bum is starting to 
look rather red. I look up, she isn't the only one having problems 
breathing!

"Come over here please Sharon."

"Would you like to spank her?" I ask. Silly question!

You kneel beside the bed so that Sarah's red bum is wriggling in front of 
you. You reach out and pinch it, causing her to gasp, then you let your 
touch caress the hot skin.

Sarah can't see but she knows whose hand it is caressing her behind, running 
finger tips up and down her sensitive thighs. And she knows that for the 
first time it isn't a man doing it. Suddenly the touch is gone and she knows 
what's going to happen.

Slap! You're not doing it as hard as I did, but you're doing it a lot 
quicker. Sarah hardly has a chance to catch her breath before the next slap 
lands on her bum. By the time you finish with her she's mumbling 
incoherently between rapid gasps for breath for us to let her come.

"Roll over Sarah."

She rolls over on my lap, I feel the warmth from her red bum on my legs. So 
now she's lying there, back arched, pussy raised in the air on my lap.

"Where did the handcuffs go Sharon?" I ask.

You find where you dropped them before and Sarah willingly offers her hands 
together above her head for you to cuff together. As you do that I slowly 
tug the hem of the dress up until its all bunched up just below her beasts. 
As you lock the second hand into the cuffs I can't resist running my hand 
down her lithe body, causing her to whimper again as I gently spread her 
legs slightly and allow my fingers to brush her pussy on the way back up. I 
look up again and you've secured the chain on the handcuffs to the bed post 
with a length of rope. Now she's blindfolded, handcuffed and ours to do with 
what we want....

Once you are back in the same position as before beside the bed I take your 
hand in mine and with my other I pull the minute crotch of Sarah's g-string 
to one side, feeling its dampness and exposing her soaking wet pussy for our 
pleasure. Her excitement is almost as obvious as yours, her clit already 
hard and her wet lips open as I spread her legs wider now. The way her bum 
is writhing around on my lap feels devine!

"Whose fingers would you like in your pussy first Sarah?" I ask her.

"Any master, please, any!"

You run your fingers through her pubes and she moans with pleasure. I deftly 
hold her pussy open with two fingers and you reach down and start to stroke 
her hard little clitoris, eliciting the predicable response.

"Oh god that feels good!" She moans as she writhes about on my lap. You 
fingers move down her wet lips until you reach her hole. I grin as you start 
to tease her, running your fingers around the outside but not going insider 
her. Exactly what I would have done!

"Oh please, whoever it is, please!"

"Quite a change from someone who looked shocked at the suggestion of even 
kissing another woman." I observe.

You continue teasing her pussy and I move my hands up her body until I reach 
her sides. I feel her body tense as she anticipates what's going to happen.

"You know I told you how I had a way of keeping under control?" I ask. You 
nod. "Well, this is it."

With that I start to tickle poor Sarah. As my fingers move up and down her 
rib cage she discovers to her dismay that you attached the handcuffs to the 
bed post. Her gasps turn to long sigh though as you slide a finger deep into 
her pussy. I stop tickling and just watch as she arches her body even more 
as you fuck her slowly and steadily with a lone finger.

"How does that feel Sarah?" You ask, confirming to her just whose finger it 
is. I watch to see if there is a reaction, but there isn't, only pleasure, 
she's learning.

"Please mistress, don't stop!"

You laugh and slide another finger in alongside the first, causing her to 
gasp even louder as you stretch her open. You continue fucking her as I push 
her dress up even further, helping it over her breasts to reveal them and 
her lovely big, hard nipples.

Your other hand finds her clit as my hands find a nipple each and start to 
tweak them. Now she's in heaven, four hands working at all of the most 
sensitive parts of her body, taking her closer and closer to orgasm. She's 
almost there when suddenly we both stop at the same moment. Now is the test, 
will she complain or is she our slave.

She says nothing, just lies there blindfolded, coming back from the brink of 
orgasming and wondering what we'll do next.

"I think its time for some pussy eating now." I comment, a smile spreads 
over her face. "Don't get too excited Sarah, you're going to be the one 
doing the eating!" The smile dampens but only briefly. She wont object now 
she knows something of the pleasure that two people can cause her.

"Stand up." You help her to her feet. Her legs are still a little shaky. Not 
surprising really! I stand up and kiss her gently on the lips, pulling her 
dress back down to the proper place as I do so.




                ***- Chapter 2 -***


"Take her knickers and bra off Sarah." I order.

You smile as Sarah stands close in front of you and reaches behind to unclip 
your bra, she seems to have worked out how to tease women as well as men, 
and knows you'll enjoy the close proximity of her sexy body. Her fingers 
slide over your smooth skin as she lowers the straps from your shoulders. 
Then she kneels in front of you and slowly pulls your knickers down, 
exposing your pussy.

She stares for a moment then remembers herself and stands up again, head 
bowed, waiting. You take her in your arms and pull her close to you as you 
kiss her, your breasts pressing against hers through the thin material of 
her dress. Her fingers stroke up and down your bare back as the two of you 
tongue fight. Your hands find the hem of her dress and lift it slightly so 
that you can rub your fingers over her very red bum, playing with the tiny 
back of her g-string, pulling it so that it rubs against her pussy, pulling 
the coarse material against her clit and sending waves of pleasure through 
her. You feel her shaking in your arms as she kisses with more and more 
passion, you know that if you keep this up for much longer she wont be able 
to stand, let alone do what you want her to do!

I'm watching with pleasure and just wondering how long you'll last before 
that tiny dress of hers ends up on the floor with yours. Considering her 
superb lithe young body, my money is on not long, mainly because if you 
don't take it off soon, I will!

But for now she's yours to play with and you're going to make sure that you 
enjoy it! You break the kiss and find her leash again, when the dress comes 
off, that dog collar is staying on, its proving to be rather useful tonight, 
and it looks so sexy!

You move on to the bed, pulling her behind you on the leash. You lie down on 
your back, legs over the side so your pussy is on the edge, making sure that 
her leash runs under your body, making it very obvious to our little slave 
what she's going to have to do whether she likes it or not.

"Kneel please." You tell her and she quickly does as she is told. Now you 
have her just where you want her as you start to pull on her leash.

I'm perched back on the dresser again, cock in hand, rubbing it slowly and 
steadily as I watch you pull her head closer and closer to your crotch by 
tugging on the leash. Not that she is objecting much anyway now! When her 
mouth is a matter of inches from your wet pussy and you can feel her warm 
breath on your open lips you stop pulling the leash.

"Now Sarah, remember what I told you." I say, "Pretend its me licking your 
pussy, think of what I do that makes you feel good, that's what I want you 
to do to Sharon."

She looks a bit nervous and she swallows before she begins to gently kiss 
her way around your pussy, your inner things and your pubes, as much as the 
freedom of the leash will allow. Unfortunately for you one of the things I 
do to her is tease her a little first!

Then you feel her lips touch your pussy, pressing hard against your wetness. 
You gasp then the sensation is gone. I watch as she pulls back slightly to 
lick her lips, getting the taste of your juices. It obviously meets with her 
approval, she slides her tongue out and begins to run it up and down your 
slit, from your hole to your clit, not concentrating on anywhere in 
particular yet. You moan and this seems to encourage her. Just like I do to 
her, she brings a finger up and starts to tease your hole, pressing it 
against the opening but not moving inside yet.

I'm in heaven now, watching my little Sarah perform oral on another woman, 
the fact that she appears to be enjoying it is mildly surprising as well. 
But maybe it shouldn't be considering her desire to please.... This is what 
I dreamt of when I offered Sarah to you as a slave and prayed that you would 
accept.

She pauses for a moment and looks up at you. The sight of her innocent face, 
wide eyes and mouth covered in your pussy juices makes you shudder with 
pleasure, as does her finger as she finally stops teasing you and slides it 
into your soaking pussy until her knuckle is pressed against your clit. Your 
eyes lock with hers as she begins to slide her finger in and out, adding 
another one to it, watching the look on your face and figuring out where all 
your most sensitive spots are. Then she lowers her head and you groan loudly 
as you feel her pointed little tongue find your clit.

"Craig, she can't be allowed to get away with teasing me like this, we need 
to tease her." You manage to say in between gasps...

I get up off the dresser and move to beside you on the bed. I feel Sarah's 
eyes watching me as she licks you, as I whisper something in your ear and 
you nod and then tell me they're in the top drawer. Her eyes follow me until 
I move out of her field of vision, if she wanted to see what I was fetching 
she'd have to stop licking you to turn around, and she knows that would be a 
bad idea. Besides, she'll find out very soon anyway!

She feels my hands on her hips and guesses correctly that I want her on her 
knees with her bum in the air, so without missing a lick she does so. As she 
kneels on the floor I move behind her and lift her dress slightly revealing 
the rest of her behind, it wasn't covering much anyway in that position 
believe me! One of these days I think I'll take her to a party in that dress 
and see how many men she can "accidentally" give an eyeful to.

I slide the crotch of the g-string aside, exposing her soaking hot pussy 
again and before she knows what's happening the tip of my cock is pressing 
against her opening and then I'm inside her. She gasps and arches her back 
as I penetrate her as far as my cock can go. She feels so full. I reach up 
and grab her shoulders, sliding my hands under the material of her dress, 
feeing her smooth skin,  pulling her into me even harder as I lean down so I 
can mumour in her ear.

"If you stop licking her again without permission I'll give you such a 
spanking that you wont be able to sit down for a month."

Her tongue quickly returns to licking its way around the wet folds of your 
pussy until she locates your clit again.

I was only going to slide into her once, we had a plan. But she's so hot. So 
tight. So wet. I can't resist it. I pull out most of the way and then slide 
back into her. I'd almost forgotten how good it feels to fuck her tight 
pussy. I give her a couple more strokes of my cock to get her really moaning 
before I return to what we'd agreed.

I find the dildo I'd got from your top drawer and as she groans into your 
pussy as she feels me pull out of her, I slide it inside her where my cock 
has just been. She gasps, its just as long and even wider. I suppose I could 
have warmed it up a bit first as well! I can almost hear her begging that it 
isn't a vibrator. I know what those things do to her and I know she wouldn't 
be able to keep licking with one of them buzzing inside her! I pull the 
crotch of her g-string back in place and pull her dress back down.

I feel her eyes watching me as I move back on to the bed, lying down beside 
you. But now my head is level with your crotch and Sarah's head, and my cock 
is next to your mouth. Sarah can't help but watch as you take my cock in 
your hand and start to lick your way around the tip of my shaft, licking it 
clean of Sarah's hot juices.

"She tastes nice doesn't she." You comment, tasting the mixture of her juice 
and my pre-cum. I nod, its a taste I know quite well after all!. "I'm going 
to enjoy licking you later, Sarah." You tell her.

The smile on her face is obvious even though we can't see her mouth. As is 
the look of sheer envy as you take the head of my cock into your mouth and 
start to suck on it as she works on your clit.

I reach between your legs and use my fingers to hold your pussy open even 
further, making it even easier for Sarah to suck on your clitoris. Your 
tongue slows its swirling actions down a bit, you know how much I like 
blowjobs and how they make me cum!

Pretty soon she has you on the brink of orgasm and you tell her this, her 
tongue goes into overdrive as she pushes you over. Your lips are still 
wrapped tight around my shaft but you stop sucking to moan out loud as she 
makes you cum on her tongue, fingers moving even quicker in and out of your 
pussy as you arch your back. Sarah's mouth has a firm grip on your clit, 
lashing it with her tongue, so I move my hand up to tweak your nipples, 
small shockwaves of pleasure tracing through you in the aftermath of the 
orgasm.

"That was brilliant Sarah." You gasp once you're able to talk again. "I 
think she deserves a little treat for that, don't you?" You ask me.

I nod and slowly ease her leash from under you as you give the tip of my 
cock one last passionate kiss before I move.

"Stand up Sarah." I tell her.

She does so, eyes still watching you on the bed as your breathing slowly 
returns to something like normal. She has a proud look on her face, quite 
rightly, she did well for her first pussy eating session I think! She has 
something else on her face as well, your hot juices! I stand up and join her 
beside the bed and as she watches you recover I start to lick her skin 
clean, little licks all over her mouth and chin. As you watch us my licks 
turn to kisses and I move behind her, kissing my way up and down her neck. 
Her eyes close as my hands find her hips, pulling her against me so that she 
can feel my hard cock pressing against her shapely bum  through the thin 
material of the dress When I start to make rocking movements with my hips 
she becomes putty in my hands. Sweet and innocent and willing to be molded 
however we want...




                ***- Chapter 3 -***


My hands find the hem of her dress. Its coming off at last! As you watch 
raptly from the bed I slide the hem up, past her stomach revealing her 
soaked g-string, past her lovely breasts, and finally over her head, showing 
her full glory.

I slide my hands down her body as she continues to press her bum against my 
hard cock, now its her hot skin pressing against me and it feels great. She 
sighs as my hand slides into her g-string, running my fingers through her 
pubes as it slowly heads to between her legs. I find the end of the dildo 
peaking out of her pussy and its obvious to you what I'm doing as I grasp a 
hold on it and start to slide it in and out. She groans and rests her head 
on my shoulder, eyes still shut, I slide my other hand around her waist, 
holding her tightly to my so she can't fall over.

"Shall I tell you what we're going to do to you next Sarah?" I ask, still 
slowly moving the dildo in and out.

She manages to nod.

"I'm going to take off this waste of material." I say, tugging on her 
g-string, "Then we're going to tie you to the bed, naked and spread wide so 
you can't move. Then Sharon is going to kneel between your legs and lick 
your pussy until you come. Would you like that Sarah? Would you like another 
woman to eat you?"

Again, somehow she manages to nod. I look up, you've got your fingers in 
your pussy and a smile on your face as you watch me tease her.

"And while she's doing that I'm going to move behind her and start to fuck 
her. How does that sound Sarah, would you like to see me fuck another 
woman?"

She doesn't know whether to nod or not now, so she just groans as a finger 
rubs her clit.

"Why don't we go for a 69 position instead Craig?" You suggest. I nod with a 
grin, realising what you're suggesting.

"That's even better, isn't it Sarah? She's going to be kneeling right above 
your head now as she licks you, you're going to have a perfect view down 
there between her legs as I move behind her and slide my cock in to her. 
Would you like that? Maybe I'll pull out before I come so that you can 
swallow some of it, then I'll shoot the rest over her pussy so you can lick 
it all off. How does that sound?" I speed up the dildo a little.

"Yes, please." She's so teased she can only manage a faint whisper now.

"Sorry? Didn't hear you."

"Yes please master, please!" A little louder this time as I kneel behind her 
and pull her g-string down, carefully easing out the dildo as I do so.

She gasps at the emptiness in her pussy as you get up off the bed and go 
over to your chest of drawers. I pull Sarah onto the bed by her leash.

"Lie down, that's right, legs spread nice and wide."

She does as she's told, and I kneel between her legs. I start to rub my 
hands up and down her body, starting at her shoulders, over her beasts, down 
her stomach, pressing against her pussy but not entering her, sliding 
fingers up and down her inner thighs. She's got her eyes shut just enjoying 
the sensations I'm causing and she hardly attempts to fight as you take one 
leg at a time and attach it to the bed posts, spreading her nice and wide 
just like I told her we would.

Then you reach for her hands and as I stroke her she offers them willingly 
to you again so you can attach them to the bed posts with the lengths of 
cord you retrieved from your drawer. Pretty soon she's unable to move, 
spread wide in a pure "fuck me" pose. I'm having a hard time resisting the 
urge believe me, I'd love to just lie on top of her and thrust my hard cock 
into her unresisting body. Maybe later!

You reach under the bed and pull out what looks like a monster vibrator, I 
can feel Sarah shaking under my hands as she watches you kneel beside her on 
the bed and start to lubricate the tip of it by sliding it into your mouth. 
I sit back to watch as you straddle Sarah's head, giving her a good view 
right up you, then you move down onto your hands and knees, and the next 
thing she knows, you've spread her pussy lips and her clit is being sucked 
into your mouth hard. The effect on our poor little slave is electric, she 
tries to thrash around, but you've tied her well and she can hardly move, I 
can't resist stroking my cock as she tries to arch her back to let you get 
more of her pussy into your mouth.

Then you nod and I move behind you. She watches intently as I place the tip 
of my hard cock against your pussy. Then she feels her clit being released 
from your mouth and warm plastic being pressed gently against her pussy 
lips....

I press ever so slightly with my cock and feel myself slide inside you, into 
you hot wet pussy. God it feels good! As I start to make gently thrusting 
movements, Sarah feels her lips spread and the vibrator slides up her, 
stretching her much wider than my cock did. She moans out loud, although 
whether its out of pain or jealousy we can't tell...

It takes you a moment, but pretty soon you are matching me stroke for 
stroke, as I press into you with my cock, you do the same to Sarah with the 
vibrator. We keep the rhythm going for a few minutes then Sarah feels you 
pull the vibrator out. When it slides back inside her its buzzing away 
merrily, not realising what its doing to her most sensitive spots. Thank god 
we tied her down, as you push it as far as it will go inside her she 
thrashes around, testing her bounds, realising that they aren't going to 
break. I've never seen her beg so much as I continue to fuck you, my cock 
feels harder than it ever has before as I watch her trying to escape from 
beneath you as you pleasure her with the buzzing toy. It truly is a slight 
to make any man hard.

I reach between your legs and find your clit with my fingers. Sarah watches, 
trying to concentrate on anything but the vibrator you're sliding inside 
her, as I rub your bud as I slowly fuck you. Now it really is a toss up 
which one of the three of us comes first!

Its almost a dead heat, the combination of my cock thrusting in and out of 
you and my fingers on your clit soon push you over the edge, although how 
much was my doing and how much was purely visual stimulation of having Sarah 
squirming beneath you I wouldn't like to say! As you moan you push the 
vibrator as far into her tight pussy as you can, pressing it hard against 
her g-spot. She screams as she waits for it to be removed, but you leave it 
buzzing inside her as you come. The next thing I know, our little slave is 
begging permission to come, it would be cruel to refuse considering she has 
no choice in the matter!

As she begins to thrash around even more I feel the familiar warm glow begin 
to spread through my lower region. You're still in the midst of your orgasm 
when you feel me begin to thrust even harder and deeper than before. Then 
you feel the first squirt of come inside you as I moan but can't pull out in 
time. The next goes all over your pussy and ass, something for Sarah to lick 
off in a minute! I can't remember the last time I came so much, it must have 
been all the visual stimulation I've had tonight! Its going all over your 
pussy and legs, then I aim down and final jets go all over Sarah, she 
manages to catch some in her mouth, but as she thrashes around the rest goes 
over her lovely face, she can be punished for that latter!

I give your sensitive clit one final squeeze and roll over so I can watch 
the rest of the fun. You leave the vibrator firmly lodged inside of our 
slave, but you take pity on her and turn it off for a little while to let 
her recover. Then you sit back, pressing you pussy against her mouth. Her 
tongue quickly starts moving, as she licks as much of my cum off you as she 
can reach. I carefully slid my hand under her head to support her so she's 
able to reach all of it. You sigh as her tongue works up and down your slit, 
licking it clean of my cum and teasing you at the same time. When her tongue 
flicks over your very sensitive clit you sit back, squashing her into the 
pillow.

"Not just yet Sarah." You gasp and feel her tongue move.

You relax as she carries on licking, her tongue sending shivers through you. 
Then you turn round on the bed. Sarah looks like something from a porn movie 
as she lies there, tied naked to the bed, face covered in a mixture of my 
cum and your juices.

You're on your hands and knees above her now and you turn to look at me.

"Shall I lick this off or shall we leave her like this and take her out?" 
You indicate the beads of cum covering her nose, splashed over her eyes and 
mouth.

"It would be cruel not to let her look her best, you never know who we might 
meet." I reply.

Now Sarah is really squirming around as she tries to work out what we're 
planning. Your tongue goes to work, licking her clean, making her squirm 
even more though!

You reach between her legs and flick the vibrator back on again, her break 
is over! As before, the effect is electric! Her body tries to contort with 
pleasure as she forgets she's bound to the bed by your cords. Her eyes close 
and she begins to beg.

"Please, please, that feels too good, please take it out, please!" Her cries 
trail off into a long sigh as another orgasm racks her body, more gently 
than the last, but this time the vibrator isn't going to be switched off 
just yet.

She watches with rising panic as you and I get up off the bed and start to 
retrieve our clothes and get dressed. Surely we aren't going to leave her 
there, tied to the bed all evening, waiting, begging, for the batteries in 
the vibrator to run down so she can relax again?

"Don't worry Sarah, we'll deal with you in a moment." I assure her as I 
button up my shirt but leave the jacket and tie off.

I smooth your dress down over your hips and then pull you tightly towards 
me, Sarah watches from the bed as our tongues meet, then the start of 
another orgasm flows through her body, making her groan involuntarily.

We return our attention to our slave as her orgasm begins to subside. You 
untie her feet and I untie her arms. You push her legs together, leaving the 
buzzing vibrator trapped inside her. I gently tug her leash and she rises 
unsteadily to her feet, the poor girl, it looks like her legs will give way 
at any moment, and we haven't even used your new toy yet...

"Turn around Sarah." I order. "Now bend down and touch your toes."

She felt exposed before, her limbs tied spread-eagled to the bed, waiting to 
be used, now for some reason it feels even worse, as she bends over to show 
us her ass and pussy, the tip of the vibrator clearly visible.

"Spread your legs slightly. Good girl."

As she does so, you get up and go over to your drawer of tricks again and 
fetch a set of leather cuffs, ankle to wrist restraints. You quickly attach 
them, binding her into the position.

"I know its uncomfortable Sarah, but it wont be for long." I promise her. 
"There's something we want to do first."

The next item from your drawer is a gag which I quickly make use of, I kneel 
beside her and shove it into her willing mouth, securing it as the vibrator 
causes another orgasm to race through her body and she starts to shake.

I've got quite a nice view of her face where I'm  kneeling so I decide to 
stay there as you get the final items from the drawer. I watch Sarah's face 
contort as she tries to work out what they might be, then her lovely blue 
eyes widen as she realises. Its going to be another new experience for her 
tonight....

"What size shall we use?" You ask, holding up the straps and small, medium 
and large butt plugs.

"She's never had anything like this done to her before, so I'd suggest the 
small one this time." I reply, enjoying the look of worried anticipation on 
our little slave's face.

I hold her shoulders so she can't lose her balance as you switch off the 
vibrator in her pussy and take the lubricant and start to smear it over the 
small butt plug. Then she feels the cold lubricant being rubbed onto her 
anus, I'm holding her in place as she tries to get away from your probing 
fingers, it feels nice but naughty, and then the butt plug slides in. She 
moans loudly into her gag as both of her holes are stretched wide, and that 
was only the small one! You fiddle around with it for a bit, pressing it 
into her, wiggling it around a bit, getting her used to the feeling of 
fullness, then you attach the straps, holding both the plug and vibrator in 
place.

I unfasten the ankle to wrist restraints and we help her stand up.

"Do you think you can walk like that Sarah?" You ask. She shakes her head.

"No Mistress."

"Well it might be an idea to try it." You say with a grin. "Get dressed."

We watch as she tries to walk over to the other side of the room, she makes 
it but virtually collapses against the dresser, every step she takes moves 
the plug and the now motionless vibrator deep inside her. I was all for 
putting some woo balls in her, but you assured me this would be bad enough, 
I can't help but wonder how you know though!

I take the leash off the collar and she manages to pull the skimpy dress 
down over her lovely body. I refasten the leash and you move behind her, she 
doesn't complain as you take her wrists and cuff them together again behind 
her back.

"Now Sarah, we're going to see how well you behave in public." I say. "If 
you're good, we'll think of a reward for you. If not, well, we'll leave that 
to your imagination."

"Its only a trip to the cinema." I explain to the  worried girl as we lead 
her out to the car. "We've done this plenty of times before haven't we?"

She nods as you open the car door and indicate for her to get in the back 
seat. I can almost hear her thoughts. Yes, we've been to the cinema lots 
before, but never dressed like this and with both of her holes filled by 
objects that send waves of pleasure through her every time she moves.




                ***- Chapter 4 -***


You and I get in to the front of the car, leaving her alone on the back 
seat. As you move the car off the drive I turn to watch Sarah. She's having 
such a hard time getting comfortable, every way she sits seems to press at 
least on the objects further inside of her. And the vibrations of the car 
aren't helping either!

Pretty soon though you have us parked in the cinema car park. We climb out 
of the car and I undo Sarah's leash and handcuffs, leaving the dog collar on 
though.

"Are you going to behave?" I ask. She nods, head held low, not knowing quite 
what we have in store for her.

The three of us enter the cinema, walking slightly slower than normal, 
Sarah's hips swaying more than normal in a very sexy manner as she tries to 
minimise the movements inside of her. She can feel the eyes of strangers 
watching her as we walk to the desk, wondering about the short dress, the 
dog collar, the provocative walk, have we arranged to meet someone here?

I buy the tickets and we go in and find our seats, right at the back, Sarah 
sitting between the two of us. Its a pretty crap film, the cinema is almost 
empty, just a few shadows of people sitting quite far away from us. Soon the 
lights go down and the film, and the fun, can start.

She feels hands pushing her dress up over her hips, revealing her g-string, 
bright white in the flickering light of the cinema. When hands start to tug 
at it, its obvious what they want, she lifts her bum off the seat and we 
slide her g-string down around her ankles.

"Spread your legs darling." You whisper in her ear.

She glances around and then does so, reasonably sure no one is watching. We 
might have to punish her for that lack of trust later. She feels the straps 
being unfastened and then discarded, then she feels a finger flicking over 
her clit and then reaching the vibrator. She tries to concentrate on the 
film as you start to slide the vibrator slowly in and out. My hand has slid 
one of her dress straps down off her shoulder and has found its way inside 
her dress, tweaking a nipple between thumb and forefinger.

She tries not to moan, knowing we would punish her even more for that, but 
her gasp warns us when someone else walks into the cinema. We close her legs 
and I push her dress back up as the new couple sit down a few seats along on 
the back row with us, on my side. The question is, do we let them spoil the 
fun? I don't think so!

They pointedly ignore us and stare at the film, suggesting that they'd seen 
something before we'd managed to cover our little slave up. So we might as 
well continue and see what happens! He's in jeans and a t-shirt, she's got 
long curly red hair and is wearing a loose summer dress. Very nice to look 
at as well since she must be nearly six feet tall!

I spread Sarah's legs again and push the dress up just high enough to be 
able to find the vibrator. This time its your turn to fondle her breasts 
through her dress. Out of the corner of my eye I see that the girl has 
spotted us, she whispers something to her boyfriend, it has to be about us. 
He's less subtle about looking over, so I just grin back at him as I slide 
the vibrator hard into Sarah, making her gasp out loud again. Now they are 
both watching as you pull the straps of Sarah's dress down and start to 
tweak her nipples. She offers no resistance as you lean down and take one in 
your mouth, I move back slightly to give the couple a better view of what 
you are doing.

I glance over again, his hands have found her breasts, and by the look on 
his face, her hand has found his crotch. They are still watching raptly 
though as both of Sarah's lovely breasts are offered for public display and 
she squirms around slightly in her seat as your tongue works on her nipple. 
But the plan always was to take things further if the opportunity arose, and 
I'd call this an opportunity! I slide the vibrator out and show it to the 
couple before pulling the plug out of her anus, again showing it to the 
couple, watching their eyes widen before passing both objects to you to put 
away in your handbag for the moment. We'll need them later!

"Between my legs please Sarah." I order.

She looks across at the other couple watching her, then looks at the two of 
us. Resigned to her fate she moves down to between my legs and you move 
across to take her seat.

"You know what to do Sarah." You tell her as you undo my fly and pull my 
hard cock out, offering it to her.

The couple aren't even blinking now as Sarah takes my hard cock in her hand 
and strokes it up and down a few times before she lowers her mouth down to 
it. My eyes are closed and I groan softly as she sucks me in, her warm 
tongue slowly teasing its way over the head as her lips and her hand rub up 
and down my shaft. It feels devine! She always was a good little cocksucker. 
You reach down and run your fingers through her hair, making her head move a 
little faster, and my face contorts with pleasure even more. Your mouth 
meets mine and as Sarah sucks away we exchange tongues passionately, all 
thoughts of the other couple watching and the film entirely forgotten, until 
someone taps me on the shoulder.

Its the other couple, they've moved along so that I now have you on one side 
of me and the girl and her boyfriend on the other, and Sarah between my 
legs.

She grins at me as she slides her knickers down around her ankles and her 
boyfriend's hand finds its way between her now spread and very shapely legs.

"Hi, I'm Zoe and we're wondering if we could borrow you slave for a bit? We 
take it that's what the dog collar is for." She asks as his fingers slide in 
and out of her wet slit. She pulls the dress up as she speaks so we can see 
what he's doing to her.

"What would you like her to do?" I ask with a grin, this is going exactly as 
we planned!

"Well, Dave," She indicates her boyfriend next to her who nods at us, "is 
quite fond of blowjobs."

Now this is the true test for our little slave, so far she has done 
everything we have asked of her, in private and in public, with only minor 
hesitations, but will she go down on a complete stranger if we tell her to?

The fear of what we might do if she doesn't is obviously too strong for her, 
she shuffles along on her knees until she is between Dave's legs. Zoe unzips 
his flies and pulls his cock out. Sarah looks across at me, I nod at her and 
she takes his cock in her hands. You, I and Zoe watch raptly as her lips 
envelope him and a sigh escapes his lips as she works up and down his shaft.

"She's good isn't she?" I comment, lucky Dave can only manage to nod in 
reply, I don't think it'll be long before we find out if Sarah wants to 
swallow or not. As we watch my hand finds its way between your legs and I 
slide your knickers aside and start to finger you, grinning even wider as 
you let out a long sigh and collapse against me as I find your clit and 
start to torment it. Its more than you can take, you don't care what anyone 
else might see if they happen to turn round, you  slide your knickers off 
and put them in your handbag and quickly move across and before I know 
what's happening you're sitting in my lap, facing away from me, with my cock 
deep inside you. As Sarah sucks away you start to ride me, small movements 
up and down, I want you to go faster, my hands on your hips try to guide you 
faster as Zoe in the middle tries to make up her mind which couple to watch. 
You know this, that's why you're taking it so slowly, enjoying having me so 
far inside you, having the power over me.

"Cum all over her face and then she can lick me." We hear Zoe suggest to her 
boyfriend. Any disappointment about not getting to make her swallow is 
obviously quickly overcome by the thought of watching his girlfriend being 
eaten by another girl.

Just before he cums he pulls his cock out of her mouth and Sarah gets the 
hint and finishes him off with her hand, moving so quickly up and down his 
shaft that's its almost a blur. As Zoe intended, his cum goes all over our 
little slave's face, just like mine did earlier. Zoe kisses him and then 
spreads her lovely long legs wide. Sarah looks up at us as we fuck and we 
both nod. Resigned to her fate she leaves Dave alone and moves along again 
to between Zoe's legs.

At last you begin to speed your movements up as we watch Sarah's cum covered 
face press against Zoe's crotch, smearing Dave's cum all over his 
girlfriend's pussy and legs. I reach up and start to squeeze your beasts as 
her tongue explore Zoe's soaking slit, quickly finding her hard little clit 
and sliding a finger inside her, guessing quite rightly that what worked so 
well on you will work on her as well. I'm in heaven, watching Sarah's head 
between another girl's legs again, and with your pussy wrapped around my 
cock giving it the most intimate and sensual of massages. It wont be long 
before I cum now!

Dave has one hand on Zoe's breasts and another one Sarah's head. Pretty soon 
all the visual stimulation has him hard again and he starts looking at the 
amount of space on the floor.

"Can I fuck her?" He asks, indicating Sarah's ass waving in the air as she 
licks his girlfriend's slit. Now Sarah was a virgin when she met me and 
hasn't been with another man, so I figure this will be a good experience for 
her.

"Here, stick this in her butt while you do it." You say, passing him the 
butt plug without even breaking your rhythm. "But don't let her cum, that's 
for us to do later."

"Okay. I wont." Sarah knows better than to show any disappointment now.

He kneels down behind her and slides her dress up over her hips to reveal 
her lovely body, he softly whistles his appreciation as Sarah feels her legs 
being spread and then the plug being slid back into place. She groans softly 
but doesn't stop licking Zoe's very wet pussy. Good girl! As we watch he 
places the tip of his cock against her pussy and shoves hard. Her back 
arches and she groans even louder as he slides in until his balls are being 
tickled by her pussy hairs. The poor girl is hard pressed to maintain the 
rhythm of her licking as Zoe's boyfriend fucks her. Zoe is encouraging him, 
telling him how good it looks, how Sarah's face is contorted with pleasure 
when she comes up for air. I feel you speed up even more to match his 
strokes, my hand finds its way around to the front of your body and I place 
a finger on your clit as you ride me, intensifying the feelings rushing 
through you.

Then Zoe comes on Sarah's tongue, biting her lip hard in an effort not to 
moan out loud and alert the rest of the theatre. You're next, the 
combination of my finger on your clit and my cock deep in side you soon has 
you shuddering and groaning softly. But then you stop moving. I groan as 
well, I wanted to cum inside you!

"Spit roast her." You suggest in my ear as Sarah moves from between Zoe's 
legs, still on her hands and knees as Dave fucks her from behind. Good 
suggestion!

I move down from my seat onto the floor and offer my cock to Sarah, who 
quickly takes the situation in hand, to be more precise, in her mouth. She 
can still Zoe's pussy juices as she sucks me in, and soon she's licked away 
the remains of your hot juices and her mouth feels devine! My hands loosely 
hold her head in place, bobbing in time with Dave's deep thrusts into her 
pussy. Poor Dave is having a hard time not groaning too loudly, I know I 
would be if I had my cock in her tight pussy as well!

Both Dave and I only have eyes for Sarah at the moment, her slim body 
impaled by a cock at each end. But when I glance up to see what you and Zoe 
are doing I have to catch his attention and point.

The sight of the two of you both with your legs spread and your fingers deep 
in your pussies sends both of us wild. Before Sarah realises whats happening 
she's swallowing fast, lest any of my cum splatter on her pretty face. I 
pull back though and add my contribution to Dave's cum and Zoe's pussy 
juices already coating our poor slave's face. Zoe's boyfriend is next, with 
an audible sigh he pulls his cock out of Sarah and shoots his load all over 
her sexy ass.

The sight of Sarah getting her little cum bath is enough to send you and Zoe 
over the edge, the two of you collapse into your seats as Dave and I add our 
own fingers, pushing yours and Zoe's out of the way and pressing deep into 
you as you both cum. In fact, the only one not to cum is our poor little 
slave!

You hand Dave the vibrator and he slides it back into Sarah's stretched 
pussy before he pulls her dress back down over her cum covered ass. Zoe 
rearranges her clothing and you move back into your seat as the film comes 
to an end and the lights come on. Sarah is left kneeling on the floor, her 
black dress covered in cum, and her lovely face covered by a mixture of 
Dave's cum and his girlfriend's pussy juices. I think she has behaved 
herself don't you?

Dave and Zoe leave quickly after saying good-bye and you hand Sarah a hankie 
to clean her face up. She still looks a mess as we walk out the cinema, but 
its late and no one is really paying us much attention as we walk across the 
parking lot to your car.

"Did you enjoy that Sarah?" You ask.

"Yes Mistress." She nods as she climbs in the back seat. I reach into the 
car and motion for her to spread her legs. She does so and I twist the end 
of the vibrator, turning it on as you hand her her g-string.

"If you cum before we say so it will go hard for you." I warn her as we 
climb in to front and we move off. A bit cruel considering what's inside 
her, but I did only put it on the lowest vibration setting!




                ***- Chapter 5 -***


The trip back only takes five minutes, but it must have seemed like eternity 
to poor Sarah, I look in the mirror to see her biting her lip and 
desperately crossing her legs in an attempt to stop the growing sensation in 
her pussy. I take pity on her as we pull up onto your drive and reach back 
to flick the vibrator off so she will be able to walk into the house. You 
open the front door and indicate the bathroom.

"Go and have a quick shower Sarah, clean yourself up a bit, you'll find some 
things in there,  some clothes you'll be putting on later, but for now we 
want you naked, okay? You'll also find a razor, shaving foam and a mirror, 
when you come back in I want no hair on your body except on your head. 
Understand me?" She nods." Then when you've done that we'll decide what to 
do with you next." You move beside her and whisper a few things in her ear, 
and she nods, with a mild look of aprehension on her face. But she knows, 
that whatever it is, she's not going to be able to avoid it if we want her 
to do it. "Knock when you want to come back in. You never know, maybe we'll 
even let you come."

Her face brightens at the prospect of release, and I kneel in front of her 
again. I slide the straps of her dress off her lovely bare shoulders and her 
cum soaked dress slides to the floor wth a single tug. I can't help but 
briefly kiss one her nipples as I take her g-string down and she steps out 
of it, she looks, as always, good enough to eat! I spread her legs slightly 
and then slide the vibrator and the plug out of her body, running my fingers 
through her bushy brown pubes for the last time. Once I undo the dog collar 
from her neck she heads quickly for the shower. We go into the lounge to 
wait for her to finish.

"What have you got planned now?" I ask curiously, since we hadn't discussed 
this far yet.

"I've got a couple of things in mind." You confess. "Firstly, I want some 
nice memories of this evening, just in case it doesn't happen again, and 
secondly, I think we should let the poor girl cum, don't you?"

I have to agree.

"So what did you have in mind?" I ask. It becomes a little more clear when 
you hand me the camera.

"I thought maybe a few of her on the couch, she'll look goregous believe me, 
and then maybe a couple of me and her, we'll see."

We find our way to the couch and as we wait we become reaquinted with each 
other's bodies, the dress is satin and I soon have you sighing with pleasure 
as I stroke your lovely body through the soft material. It was obviously a 
quick shower and shave though since there is soon a quiet knock on the 
lounge door.

Your hand finds my cock through my trousers, you want to feel my reaction to 
this.

"Come in Sarah." You say and the door opens.

I can't tear my eyes away from the girl at the door. My eyes wander down her 
naked body. She's tied her long hair back into a pony tail and her make-up 
has been touched up. Her lips are a bright glossy red, I'd love to see them 
wrapped around my cock! Her skin has a faint rosy glow to it from the hot 
water and her recent activties, and she has clearly done as we commanded, 
from where we sit we can see her pussy lips, now with no hair to hide 
behind. Its going to be a pleasure to eat her and I'm sure I'll get the 
chance!

"She looks good doesn't she?" You comment.

I nod as Sarah stands there, perfectly still, knowing she's being admired.

"Tell a girl she's about to have her photo taken and if she gets the chance 
she'll touch up her make-up." You observe. So that's what the whispering was 
about! We both stand up and I retrieve the camera from the table.

"Why don't you have a seat, Sarah?" You suggest, indicating the couch.

She does as she's told and then speaks in a quiet little voice.

"I'm not going to be allowed to put any clothes on before you take these 
pictures am I?"

I'd wondered about that myself. She'd never let me get her underwear off in 
the past if I was taking photos, although since she's got a large variety of 
saucy underwear that was never a problem and I was always content enough 
never to press the issue further. Now though, its not up to me.

"No, Sarah, you're not. Is that a problem?" You ask her sternly.

She shakes her lowered head, resigned to her fate like so many times this 
evening. I can see the questions running through her mind, will we show the 
pictures to anyone else, will she have to spread her legs, will she have to 
touch herself? But she behaves and stays quiet, just like when we told her 
to suck off Dave or lick Zoe.

"She's all your's." I tell you as I get the camera ready.

"Lie back and spead your legs please." You order her. I grin as she does so. 
Her little pussy looks so good now, completely bare and her wet lips are 
really obvious, I'm finding it hard to resist the urge to drop the camera 
and kneel between her legs and just worship her pussy, licking and fingering 
her until she comes. Instead I press the shutter button and take the 
picture.

"Hold those lips open with your fingers." Is your next command. She does as 
she's told, rather relucantly, and I quickly take the photo.

You put her through a number of poses, each one getting sexier and sexier, 
frequently making her spread her legs and hold herself open for the camera. 
I'm going to have to get copies of the ones where she's lying on her front 
with her bum in the air! Again, the urge to fuck her there and then was 
almost too much!

After I indicate that I'm almost halfway through the roll of 36 film, you 
decide its time to get involved yourself.

The first pictures are pretty tame, you in your satin dress, Sarah sitting 
next to you, still naked. As I click away you start to stroke and kiss the 
smooth skin of her bare neck and shoulders. Then she's made to lie in your 
lap, bum raised in the air. I wait a while as you spank her hard, nearly 
bringing tears to her eyes, until her bum is red enough to show up clearly 
on the photo.

Then you move her onto the couch, she winces slightly wth pain as she sits, 
and you move down onto the floor, between her now spread legs. The final 
photos will definately be ones we'll both treasure, the sly grin on your 
face as you shove the buzzing vibrator back up her pussy. I just have to 
zoom into her face, eyes closed, face contorted with pleaure as you move it 
in and out and wiggle it around as much as her tight pussy will allow. She's 
passed caring about the photos, all she can think of is the pleasure.

But before she can cum you pull it out. A groan of displeasure dies in her 
throat, unspoken as she opens her eyes to see us watching her, the camera 
discarded for now.

"Right, well done Sarah, if you're lucky maybe we'll show you the photos. If 
you misbehave, well, lets leave that to your imagination shall we? Now, back 
into the bathroom now please Sarah." You command. "You saw the clothes?" You 
ask.

She starts to reply but you cut her off quickly. "Don't give the surprise 
away! There's a good girl, just come into the bedroom when you're dressed."




*** Chapter 6 ***


"Well, what now?" I ask as you lead me back into the main bedroom, wondering 
even more than before exactly what you have in store for our little slave.

"I was planning to switch the roles around a little." You say cryptically.

"What?" I ask as I follow you back into the bedroom and help you tidy the 
bed up. "You mean you're going to be the slave instead of Sarah?"

"No, I was planning to let her have you as her toy for a while. I think she 
deserves a reward don't you?"

I can't help but agree, I want to fuck her again, the few strokes inside her 
before to tease her left me wanting a lot more, and soon preferably, 
although I begin to have second thoughts when you make a play of checking 
how well the handcuffs are attached to each of the top bedposts and ropes to 
the bottom ones, just were we left them when we let poor Sarah up. Once this 
is done you come over to me.

"You don't seem to be objecting." You comment.

"I've always wanted to lick a shaved pussy, and as for me personally, I've 
came twice already this evening, a little teasing, which she will do if 
she's allowed, will be more than welcome." I reply as I start to shrug off 
my shirt as you go for my zip and my trousers soon join my shirt on the 
floor.

I always find there is something erotic about when a man is completely naked 
in front of a woman wearing a smart dress, it gives her a strange sense of 
power and always makes me feel rather submissive. Its almost as if you are 
aware of this as I stand there facing you, cock hard and bobbing gently with 
excitment as you look me up and down.

"Onto the bed then." You say with a grin, watching as I do as you command.

You kiss me passionately on the lips and I feel your tongue moving in and 
out of my mouth as my hands are one by one secured to the bed posts. You 
break the kiss and then start to lick your way down my naked body, starting 
at my neck, paying special attention to my nipples, but for now purposly 
ignoring my swollen cock. As my feet are secured into the ropes that we used 
on Sarah only a short while ago I begin to realise just how helpless she 
felt...

As you begin to place gentle kisses on my inner thighs, and tickle my shaft 
with one of your nails, I start to squirm and test my bounds. I know I'm not 
going to get anywhere though, after all, if they were going to break, they 
would have done so when you shoved that monster vibrator into Sarah's tight 
pussy and switched it on! I hope I'm not going to thrash round that much!

When Sarah slips quietly back in you still have my complete attention as you 
stroke my cock very gently with your thumb and forefinger, denying me the 
pressure I need to make me cum, for now anyway. She stands there quietly 
until we notice her. My cock seems to throb even more in your hand as I take 
in what she is now wearing. The first thing I notice is that she isn't 
wearing any knickers, her newly shaven pussy is nicely framed by the red 
suspender belt and the black suspenders. She has a matching red lace bra on 
and while I liked her naked, now she looks great! Part of me wishes I'd 
never told you of my liking for saucy underwear, with her dressed like that, 
and with the wicked grin she has on her face as she sees me tied to the bed 
in what she expected to be her place, maybe I will thrash around more than 
she did!

"Sarah, we've decided that since you've mostly behaved your self this 
evening that we should let you have a little fun before your final 
humiliation." You explain to her and the grin grows, for now at least.

"However, since there were a few moments when you didn't trust our 
instructions instantly, you aren't going to be free to totally to what you 
want. Consider this your punishment, do what you like otherwise but when I 
suggest something, you do it. Okay?"

"Yes, mistress." She replies, obviously considering that she's got off quite 
lightly here, and wondering, like I am, what you're going to make her do. I 
think I'm probably more nervous than she is though!

"I want you to tease him first. He has this fantasy about girls masturbating 
doesn't he?" Sarah nods with a grin, after all, who do you think taught her 
how to masturbate in the first place? "Well, take that as a hint to how I 
think you should get started. You can cum if you want to now." You say, 
enjoying watching the way her face lights up even more and me squirming.

She jumps up on the bed as you perch down beside me to watch with interest. 
Sarah straddles my chest and kneels above me, legs spread wide, shaved pussy 
about a foot from my face. God, that's a nice view! She's still rather 
sensitive down there from all the action she's seen this evening so she 
starts off slowly, spreading her lips with her fingers and gently dipping 
them inside her hole until they're nicely lubricated with her juices. Then 
as we both watch she moves them up to her clit and starts to slowly massage 
it.

My cock feels so hard and is just dying for some attention as her beathing 
becomes deeper, her other hand begins to caress her breasts through the thin 
red lace of her bra and she moves her fingers from her clit to the enterance 
again, this time thrusting her fingers into herself as far as they go. I 
wish they were my cock instead at this moment, even my fingers would be 
nice! She shuffles up my body a little and sits down heavily on my chest as 
her legs give way, the suspenders digging into my rib cage as she moves her 
fingers up and down between her hole and her clit.

"Do you want me Craig?" She asks with a gasp as her finger rubs her clit 
hard.

"Oh God, YES!" I manage to gasp as I watch her index finger slide out of her 
bare pussy again, glistening with her juices, and return to her clit.

I hear you laughing next to me as you watch me squirm, but I can't tear my 
eyes away from what my little Sarah is doing to her pussy just centimetres 
from my face. All I want is someone to touch my cock, I need to cum so much. 
So does Sarah.

"Why don't you let him do the hard work?" Is your next suggestion to Sarah. 
She grins and moves up my body so now her pussy is right in front of my 
face.

I have no choice but to extend my tongue and start exploring her newly 
shaven pussy as she lowers herself onto me. She tastes so good! Eating her 
is always a pleasure and I know from experience that she likes to sit on my 
face, so I can't stop until she's cum! When you reach around behind her and 
slide a finger between her bum cheeks to find her soaking pussy and enter it 
her body shudders and she groans loudly as a tremor of her impending orgasm 
sweeps through her, normally I like to use my fingers as well as my tongue 
when I pleasure her, but for some reason this time I can't, it  could be 
because I'm tied to the bed of course! With our combined attentions she 
quickly goes over the edge. She presses down hard on my mouth with her pussy 
as you finger her, she deserves the orgasm though, she has, mostly, behaved 
herself! More than anything, there is an obvious look of relief on her face 
as she comes, screaming loudly, glad that this time, in her moment of 
pleasure, we aren't going to stop!

I keep licking her clit until she moves away from my face, if you hadn't 
been there behind her she would have fallen over backwards I think, she does 
look rather unstable! All I can see now is Sarah, sitting straddling my 
chest as she recovers, her lovely pussy still spread wide. I feel you get up 
from the bed though and go to your drawer of tricks. When you return I feel 
you grasp my cock, I groan as you stroke me briefly, then I feel the strap 
of the cock ring being lowered over the tip and tightened in place, how can 
you be so cruel, you know how much I need to cum!

Your hands move to her hips and slowly pull her down the bed to where my 
cock is sooo hard and bobbing with excitement, begging to be touched again. 
She knows what you are doing as you grasp my cock hard and hold it upright. 
Her body virtually collapses down and she impales herself on me, she's so 
turned on from her recent orgasm and so well lubricated that she slides down 
almost to my balls on the first attempt. She feels so good, so warm, so 
tight, so wet. Heaven! Its no surprise that Dave didn't last long inside her 
before! The cock ring means though that there is no chance of me cumming for 
a while yet, until you decide you are finished with me.

As your hands guide her she begins to ride me, slowly at first, she's still 
rather sensitive and having me so deep inside her doesn't seem to be helping 
her recover for some reason. I'm not doing much better at this point though 
and you know it! The ring around my shaft is tight, and the more she rides 
me the more sensitive the head gets, but until you take it off there is no 
way for me to cum. You expain this quickly to Sarah (who's never seen one of 
those rings before, afterall she is sweet and innocent, mostly!) and with a 
sly grin she starts to ride me even faster than before. Now I am thrashing 
around as much as she did, I've got a beautiful girl in stockings and 
suspenders with a shaved pussy impaled on my cock, but no matter how good 
she looks and how fast her tight pussy clenches up and down my shaft, I 
can't cum!

Your hands leave Sarah's hips and you move around  her so you're in the 
position she just left, sitting on my face. My poor tongue hardly got a 
chance to recover! Just as well that I love eating pussy! My tongue finds 
your enlarged clit easily and even without the use of my fingers I soon have 
you grinding against my face with pleasure. You're facing Sarah now and as I 
lick you the two of you start to stroke each other's bodies and I hear one 
of Sarah's moans being interupted as you kiss her full on the lips, such is 
the nature of her experiences this nght that she has come to accept another 
woman kissing her as normal and kisses back with a passion as she continues 
to enjoy my hard cock.

I can't take much more of this though, its not just physical, 
psychologically, I have to cum soon, I've seen so much and been turned on so 
much, I need relief! Now I do know how Sarah felt in the car! You seem to 
know this though and let the scene continue for another couple of minutes. I 
can't even beg, since my mouth is full of your pussy.

"If you make me cum, I'll take the ring off." You promise me with  smirk as 
you surface for air, breaking the kiss with Sarah only briefly.

My tongue goes into overdrive on your clit and you break the kiss again to 
gasp out loud.

"That seems to have had the desired effect." Sarah comments, obviously 
enjoying her new found freedom of speech again. You can only gasp in 
agreement.

But you don't cum! Its almost as if, for now, you don't want to! Sarah seems 
to sense this as well, she's slowed down the momevements of her hips on my 
throbbing organ, to make sure she doesn't cum too soon either. You reach 
down between your body and Sarah's to find my nipples and start to twist and 
tweak them like I love to do to yours. I'm groaning now in between my licks, 
I have to cum!

Its when Sarah's hands find your nipples that you go over the edge, clamping 
your body down hard on my face as you cum. Sarah's body stops moving and she 
holds you to her tightly, your face burried in her long thick hair as you 
scream with pleasure as my tongue speeds up. She holds you tightly as I 
begin to slow down and your breathing starts to become a little more normal 
again. You can almost hear my unspoken plea as you move off my face, my cock 
still rock solid inside Sarah's lovely warm and wet pussy.

"Now what was it I promised?" You ask as you lie down beside me. My eyes 
indicate the ring visible at the base of my cock.

"Oh yes! Get off him a moment please Sarah. Are you ready to cum again?" I 
think you're talking to me, but you're not. The glazed look in her eyes as 
she slides her pussy back up my shaft tells you the answer you want as you 
take the ring off. God that feels better!

Sarah slides back down again quickly and now I know I'm going to cum. She 
shows no mercy though, her orgasm starts as she feels my cum spraying inside 
her, her hips start to move up and down even faster as she milks me dry. 
I've never wanted to cum so much in my life! Eventually when her orgasm 
subsides she collapses on top of me and the two of you begin to lick my 
face. It takes me a second to realise that its covered in your juices still!

I'm quite content to lie there on the bed, enjoying your tongues as you both 
start to work down my neck and to my nipples, but you have one last thing in 
mind before we retire for the night.

"So you're our slave then Sarah?" You ask.

"Yes mistress." She replies, obviously trying to work out where this line of 
questioning is leading.

"Let him up." You command, reaching to untie my feet as Sarah undoes the 
handcuffs. I sit up, rubbing my wrists until the marks have gone.

"There's something I've always wanted to do Sarah." You tell her. "Kneel, 
face away from us."

She does as she's told and you reach down to the floor and take the belt 
from where my trousers were discarded earlier. You hand it to me and I use 
the supple leather to fasten her wrists together behind her back, sensing 
what you have in mind.

You push her down onto the bed, so she's still kneeling, her bum raised high 
in the air, her face buried in the pillows, arms tied behind her back.

"Do you know what I'm going to do to you now?" You ask her, getting off the 
bed and fetching some straps, which you put on.

"No, mistress." She replies, her voice muffled by the pillows.

"I'm going to take you with my little toy." You tell her, as you take a 
dildo out of the drawer and attach it to the straps. Its smaller than the 
vibrator we used on her before, but I think I know why, and I feel my cock 
start to harden again.

When you find the lubricant I'm sure. I'm sitting on the bed know next to 
Sarah and you join me, kneeling behind her as you coat the dildo with the 
gel.

"Do you know where I'm going to take you though?"

She shakes her head, she's lying, she's got a dirtier imagination than me 
(saying something!) and she knows exactly what you're about to do to her. 
Definately another first tonight, the butt plug will seem tame by 
comparison.

She starts to wimper as you press the cold dildo against the tight ring of 
her anus. I reach around and start to spank your bum, each time my hand 
falls hard on your smooth skin the dildo pushes further inside her, both of 
you crying out together.

When the dildo is as far into her as it'll go I stop my spanking and move 
behind you. I start to kiss your neck and reach around your body to caress 
your breasts. When I start to tweak your nipples just how you like it you 
start to make gentle movements of your hips, pulling the dildo slightly out 
of her arse, and then pressing back in hard. As you turn your head and we 
kiss your hips speed up, when you feel my now hard cock pressing against 
you, you speed up even more, Sarah's moans a mixture of pain and pleasure 
ignored in the background.

"Would you like a go?" You ask, pulling the dildo almost out of Sarah and 
watching as her anus stays spread open, waiting for the thrust. I have to 
confess, its something I've never tried, but then I've never been one to shy 
away from new experiences either, I nod, and after one more quick thrust you 
pull out of her completely and leave her there for me, arse raised high in 
the air.

I kneel by her side and take her bound hands in mine, pulling them to my 
crotch. She quickly finds my cock.

"Feel that Sarah? Feel how much bigger it is than that tiny plug and the 
measly dildo? Know where its going? Do you want me inside you?"

"Please master, anywhere inside me." Is her muffled response.

You hand me the lubricant, but I have a much better idea. I kneel behind her 
raised bum on the bed and position my cock against her tight pussy. She 
moans as I slide right into her, right up to my balls. She wasn't xpecting 
that! I slide in and out a couple of times, until the sight of her still 
open anus is too much for me and I pull out.

My cock is nicely lubricated with her delicous juices as I position myself 
against her.

"Are you mine Sarah?" I ask.

"Yes, Master."

"Do you want me here Sarah?"

"Yes, please Master!"

I'm teasing her a bit now, rubbing her anus with the tip of my cock.

"Really Sarah?"

"YES! Fuck my arse Master! Please!"

Now thats what I wanted to hear! With that I slide my thick cock into her 
tight bum without mercy. She moans loudly as I stretch her tight hole wide 
open. Oh god, and I thought her pussy was tight! This is heaven! I know that 
as I start to slowly slide in and out of her anus that I wont be able to 
last very long, even though it was not long since I last came.

When I look over at you and see you with the dildo up your own arse and your 
fingers in your pussy, I start to ride our slave harder and faster.

"Oh yes Master, fuck me hard!" she moans into the pillow as my hips speed up 
a gear, frantically pushing my cock in and out of her tight hole.

She moans again as I stop. You reach between her legs and slide a thin 
vibrator into her pussy, switched on. She groans as I push back into her 
again, now she's really filled in both holes! I keep my cock in her for a 
little while, hardly moving, enjoying the vibations from her cunt.

When I hear you cum and Sarah starts to moan even louder into the pillow I 
speed up for the final time, pumping my cum deep into her arse as she comes 
on the vibrator..

Overall, I think she's been a good slave this evening, don't you?

To hear more adventures of Sarah, e-mail the author at 
Craig_r1978@hotmail.com and persuade him to write some! And in case you were 
wondering, Sarah is a real person....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Craig R


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





