BDSM Library - The Paper Hanger




The Paper Hanger
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Brutal tale of a criminal forced to choose between jail or a white collar sadist.
The Paper Hanger
By Rebelman


She glided easily into the bank and up to one of the teller's windows. I glanced 
up briefly and then did a double take as I realized there was something familiar 
about her. Getting up from my desk I walked out of the office trying not to be 
too obvious and get a better look. It was her; the dark haired beauty I had 
spotted here a few months ago had changed her appearance drastically to say the 
least. 
Today she looked all of nine months pregnant as she stood at the counter. A far 
cry from the upscale businesswoman she had presented herself as only months 
earlier. She was probably in her mid twenties, Hispanic, with a tightly built 
body that just cried out to be fucked. She was playing up the pregnant angle by 
rubbing her stomach and I overheard her tell the clerk how much it hurt to 
stand. No doubt she was some type of forger and I should have called security to 
check her. For some reason I let her cash the check and walk away.
The next few weeks I formulated a plan to persuade her to be my pet. I called a 
meeting and put into effect a new policy that required all non-banking customers 
to have their ID's photocopied and run across my desk. This was met with no 
questions as the bank industry had been warned about several scams now in the 
area. I figured I would recognize her ID even if I didn't see her when she came 
in.
I guess she really liked my bank because over the next three months she cashed 
eight checks, enough money to get an easy felony. By now I had her system down 
pretty good. Somehow she was getting Social Security checks that she cashed with 
matching ID's. She alternated weeks, dressed differently, and went to a 
different teller every time. She was so confident that she even used the same ID 
several times though mostly it was a different name with her picture on it. I 
determined when I thought she would come back and that week I started acting 
like I was coming down with something. When I saw her come in I told my 
secretary I couldn't take it any more and would be leaving for the day. By the 
time she emerged from the bank I was in my car waiting and followed her as she 
sped away in a little red Mustang.
She drove to a middle class part of town and slowly entered a neighborhood. I 
stopped as she moved along a deserted street and watched as she pulled up to a 
mailbox and quickly grabbed the contents. Thirty seconds later she pushed the 
unwanted mail back into the box and eased down the street. It was obvious the 
beauty had done this quite a bit. There was no panic in the way she did it and 
then drove away with me in tow.
She proceeded steadily out to the interstate and headed out of the city. 
Eventually she pulled into a small town and wound through its narrow streets to 
a nice two-story home where she parked and got out. I decided to look around a 
bit and found a convenience store with a phone booth. I cross-referenced the 
address but it was unlisted. My mystery woman was quite cautious and had I not 
noticed her hair before I would have never suspected her. Thank goodness for my 
evil thoughts on her previous visits.
I spent the next week gathering info on her life in general. I had gotten the 
phone number from a friend at the Phone Company and learned her daily routines. 
I took pictures of her stealing mail and made sure I had copies of everything. 
Making sure that nothing would lead back to me was a pain in the ass but it had 
to be done. Finally I was ready to make my move. My two week vacation was 
planned and I was so excited, by Friday I couldn't contain myself. That evening 
I eased past her house and left a note in her mailbox that I knew her boyfriend 
would get on the way in. It simply read that I knew about the checks and she 
should meet me at an apartment at nine tonight.
I waited patiently across the street as her rough looking boyfriend entered the 
apartment complex before calling 911 to report a burglary. By the time the 
police arrived, the boyfriend was beating the shit out of this guy that annoys 
me at the local coffee shop. I watched the boyfriend being led out to the squad 
car and then called the home of my Mexican thief. 
"Bueno" she said as she picked up the phone.
"Your boyfriend has been arrested and the police are coming to search the house" 
I heard her gasp.
"Who is this?" she demanded.
"This is the guy that's going to put your ass in jail if you don't get to 97 
Hogle Street in 35 minutes" 
"What...what do you want?" she stammered
"Shut up," I screamed, "Do what I say or you'll be talking to the cops in 40 
minutes. Then I hung up. Man it felt great to be in charge! In under an hour I 
would have this bitch all to myself.
The Mustang pulled up to the warehouse but before she could get out I hit the 
remote and the overhead door began to rise. Standing cautiously to the side I 
motioned her into the building, closed the door behind her and engaged the 
cutout switch I had installed for this occasion. Now the door wouldn't open even 
if she managed to get to the control panel.
She stepped out of the car and started toward me but I motioned her over to a 
table I had set up earlier. She walked over and picked up the stack of 
information and began to tremble as realization came over her. She was mine and 
as reality dawned on her, she began to tremble.
"You could go away for a long time Maria," I said calmly.
She continued to look at the documents I had put together and began reaching 
into her purse. I was prepared though and continued, "I have seven copies 
scattered around three cities with all the information plus a copy of your 
fingerprints on the last check you cashed. I also have a rap sheet a mile long 
and all your past residences from your fake ID's. You've been a busy girl 
haven't you." She sneered as she calculated her options and then began reaching 
into her purse again.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you," I warned her. Then showed her the gun I was 
already holding. Little did she know I was standing behind a one-inch steel 
plate that I could drop behind if things got interesting. Still she grabbed at 
what I knew had to be a gun and I leveled my pistol off and fired before she got 
it completely out of the purse. Immediately her blouse became soaked with blood 
as the bullet struck her in the right shoulder forcing her to drop the purse and 
the now visible gun.
"Fucking bitch," I muttered. I moved down to where she was and kicked the bag 
and gun a few feet while keeping steady aim at her. Maria, now on her knees, 
cried softly as she held her wound. Digging through her bag I found a knife and 
a few other odds and end s but nothing to tip off her real identity. I had to 
admit she was a smart little cunt.
I stood in front of her as she knelt there and said, "Maria, you know I have you 
and now you realize I wont take any shit so the best thing you can do is obey." 
She looked up with hate filled eyes and spat at me. Without hesitation I kicked 
her solidly under the chin knocking her unconscious. She was going to be a lot 
of fun to break.
Maria screamed loudly as she regained consciousness. She lay on the small table 
and was awaken by my digging into her shoulder for the small slug. She screamed 
again as I hit a nerve and then once more as I extracted the lead. She had lost 
some blood but not enough to worry me. I cleaned the wound with alcohol and she 
yelled as the liquid burned the tender area. 
I was lost in my own thoughts as I finished cleaning her up, not even noticing 
her constant moans. I did notice her bare breasts. I had to cut the shirt off in 
order to get to the bullet hole. While I was at it, I did away with the bra as 
well. The result was an unobstructed view of her firm young mounds heaving up 
and down with each breath. I was thinking about fucking her right then and there 
but her actions were still nagging me. Why shoot at me if I have all the goods 
on your little activities? No matter what happens the police finds out about it. 
It didn't make sense unless she prepared for just this type of problem and was 
ready to run.
Finally satisfied that she would be okay, I left her tied to the table and went 
to get my morning coffee. Once there I pondered the situation more and listened 
to the news of Art getting beaten up by a deranged intruder. I finally decided 
on my next course of action. Leaving the shop I headed home for some 
well-deserved rest and by six am I was sound asleep. 
I was back at the warehouse by noon with all the stuff I felt I needed to get 
the info out of Maria. When I arrived it was obvious she had been struggling, as 
her hair looked wild and tangled. After cutting her jeans and panties away I 
tied a length of broomstick to the back of each leg and then untied her from the 
table. It was quite humorous to see her waddling stiff legged across the floor 
while attempting to hide her bushy pussy with one hand and her pert tits with 
the other. I laughed and she shot me a dirty look as I led her across the floor 
to the chain hoist hanging from the ceiling.
Once there I attached a long metal bar to the hook at the end of the chain. I 
then tied her clasped hands and then a foot to each end of the bar. The effect 
was her body suspended in a fixed split position with her pussy and asshole 
easily accessible. When she was secured I lifted her to the proper height and 
left her swinging slightly and moaning from the pain in her shoulder. I went to 
my bag of goodies and pulled out a plastic bucket with four small chains 
attached at equally spaced intervals. At the end of each chain was nasty looking 
alligator clamp with little jagged teeth.
Maria looked at me wide eyed as I approached her spread legs and began to 
struggle when the first clip sank unceremoniously into her pussy lip.
"Oh nooooooo!" she screamed. 
"Ahhhhhhhhhhh," she screamed again as the next clip snapped home.
"No, please," she cried, "no more. I'll do anything you want just stop hurting 
me!" I continued despite her protest and set the next clip in place. For the 
last one I grabbed a handful of pubic hair and twisted it until I could clamp it 
in place with the alligator clip. Since this one was higher it took a lot more 
of the weight which was important for what I had planned.
Next I took out an enema bottle and filled it in the warehouse bathroom with 
lukewarm water as Maria wept quietly and occasionally talked to herself in 
Spanish. When I returned I shoved the nozzle up her ass without any lube making 
her howl in pain. The shutoff clip was quickly removed and her ass began to fill 
with the liquid.
"Now Maria," I started as if nothing unusual was going on, "I'm going to cause 
you a great deal of pain if you do not tell me what I want to know." She simply 
glared at me but said nothing as tears streaked down her face. "First, I want to 
know why you tried to shoot me. Second I want to know where you're keeping the 
money I'm sure you have and last I want to know who made the fake ID's." Still 
Maria said nothing save a few whimpers as she continued to swing with the bucket 
attached to her aching pussy.
"Okay then," I acted disappointed as I pulled the nozzle from her ass. About a 
quart of the enema was in her and now it began to flow out of her ass and into 
the waiting bucket. It didn't take her long to respond as the bucket quickly 
grew heavier and pulled harder on her cunt hair and pussy lips. "Oh no, please 
let me go," she pleaded followed by a shrill scream. "I'll tell you if you'll 
make it stop hurting" she bargained. I was already on the way to fill up the 
enema bottle.
It was quite fun for a while. She did what she could to keep the water inside 
her ass but after three full quarts she couldn't hold it any more and the bucket 
began to fill faster. She screamed incredibly when the clamp pulled out her 
pubic hair, this of course left only three clamps to hold the bucket and it was 
obvious by the first gallon she was in great pain. After six full quarts the 
clips started scraping down her pussy lips leaving little blood trails as they 
tore into the sensitive skin. I got all the info I needed. 
She had tried to shoot me because she gotten scared, the money was hidden in 
three fake soup cans in the kitchen, and the name of the forger was Sharon Moss. 
After getting what I needed I decided to get what I wanted. I unhooked the 
half-full bucket and proceeded to press the head of my rock hard cock against 
Maria's asshole. "At least I know it's clean," I laughed as I she squealed at 
the intrusion. I fucked her hard, swinging from her injured shoulder and moaning 
in constant pain. She cried the whole time; begging me to stop, but I kept it up 
for a while before filling her ass with cum. I finally let her down and pushed 
her into a metal dog cage I had built the week before in case she got out of 
line. 
I knew I had only one chance to go back to her house and then the cops would 
probably be all over it. Putting on some old clothes and hadn't worn in years I 
took her car, made my way out of the city and found her house. Pulling the mail 
out of the box with gloves on before turning up the drive, I used the remote to 
open the garage door and parked inside. Using her keys, I entered the house 
through the garage and made my way to the kitchen. I found the three cans right 
where she said and each had a neat roll of $100 bills. I figured about $10,000 
per can but I could verify that later. Moving around the house I picked up odds 
and ends like a few blankets and pillows as well as a TV out of the bedroom. In 
the bedroom closet there was a camcorder with some new tapes so I grabbed them 
too.
After snooping around for a while I sat down on the living room couch to think. 
The sofa was uncomfortable for such a nice house and as I tried to figure out 
what her plan was, I realized there was something strange about the way the 
couch back felt. I punched at it a few times and then on a hunch I flipped it 
over and began poking around. There was nothing strange about it until I tore 
away the bottom liner. Inside the couch back was two small compartments with 
metal safe deposit boxes like the ones found at banks. I pulled them out and 
opened the first to find it packed with $100 bills. There was no telling how 
much was there and now I was getting nervous. Flipping the couch back into place 
I hauled the boxes out to the car and headed back to the warehouse.
The more I thought about it the madder I became as I realized Maria had not told 
me everything she knew. I figured I could get to the bottom of it by pressing 
her but I wasn't sure. She was a lot more afraid of someone other than the cops 
or me. I was worried that the big stash of money belonged to someone she 
presumed a lot more dangerous than myself. Maybe it was time to try more severe 
tactics with my little Mexican slut.
As soon as I arrived to the warehouse I drug Maria out of the dog cage by the 
hair and slammed her into the chair. After tying her hands behind her back I 
pushed the chair up to the wooden table and left her briefly while I walked over 
to pick up a claw hammer and nails. Maria gave me a wide -eyed look as I 
returned with the hardware no doubt trying to figure out what I was going to do. 
Pushing the chair tightly against her back with my body, I trapped her with the 
table. I grabbed her right nipple and stretched it as far as I could before 
taking a nail and sticking it at the base. She tried to jump and twist away as 
the nail point began to pierce the skin but I held her firmly in place. Holding 
the nail in my left hand, I kept enough pressure to hold the nipple pinned down 
before taking the hammer and slamming it against the nail head. The point 
punched through as Maria screamed in agony, trying with all her might to pull 
away. It was too late as I had slammed the nail far enough into the wood that 
she couldn't pull it out. The second nail was easier as the right was holding 
her from moving much. The pain was obviously just as bad because the screaming 
that had died down restarted with a new intensity as it drove home.
"I'm through playing with you bitch!" I screamed in her face. "Who does that box 
of money I found in the couch belong too?" She was shocked. I don't think she 
had expected me to find the boxes and now she suddenly looked exhausted. "It 
...belongs to my ...boy...boyfriend." she finally said through the wheezing and 
crying.
"I don't think so," It was too much for a loser like him, "tell me now or you 
will be sorry.
"It belongs to him, I swear!!" she was desperate but I still didn't believe her. 
I stepped back, grabbed a handful of hair and kicked the chair out from under 
her. She fell heavily until her nail-impaled nipples stopped her. Maria let out 
a scream so loud that her voice went hoarse while she hung there. I don't think 
she even realized I had a lot of her weight by pulling up on her hair. The holes 
in her nipples where growing by the second from the weight being put on them. It 
wouldn't take long before they would rip and seeing this, Maria tried to get her 
feet under her to take off the pressure. 
"I don't think so," I laughed as I kicked her heels to keep them out from under 
her. She cried loudly and then began babbling, "It's Derrio's...it's Derrio's," 
she screamed, "oh please let me down!!"
"Derrio? Who the fuck is Derrio?" I let her scramble to her feet. I had never 
heard of Derrio, but then again, I wasn't in the crime business. She had to 
believe I was capable of anything by now. I watched her as I thought, taking in 
her beauty as she bent over the table trying to relieve the strain on her abused 
breasts. Her knees were locked and her ass looked so inviting I couldn't resist 
so I dropped my pants and started fucking her tight pussy from behind. The 
combination of the way she felt and the way she looked nailed to the table 
pushed me over the edge quickly. I bucked wildly just to watch her react to the 
pressure in her tits. She alternately screamed and moaned as I slammed against 
her soft rounded ass and she finally passed out from the pain. It didn't matter 
because I was through with her for now. I left her there, hands tied behind her 
back, laying on her nailed tits, still groaning even though she was unconscious. 

Opening the boxes, I started counting the money. There was a ton of it and it 
took a while to go through, but counting stacks of $100 bills is not my idea of 
hard work. The final count for the first box was $680,000. The second box was a 
bit more interesting as it contained a few more fake ID's and some car titles as 
well as $325,000 in cash. There had to be a drug connection. I pulled the nails 
from Maria's tits and shoved her naked body back into the dog cage. I headed 
home with only a short stop at a burger place for food and then hurried on. I 
had a lot of research to do on Derrio. 
I spent the rest of the night learning everything I could about Derrio the drug 
king. He had come from South America five years ago with nothing and today he 
was the richest, cruelest dealer of them all. He was definitely not the type to 
upset and taking a lot of his money had probably not gotten me on his Christmas 
list. The only thing that had saved me so far was being careful and I intended 
to stay that way. It was almost four AM before I made it to bed. I was up by 
eight.
The first thing on the agenda was to track down Sharon Moss. Maybe she would 
fill in the gaps I couldn't trust Maria for. By ten I was sitting in front of 
Sharon's small wood frame house downtown. Just as I was about to go around back 
and force my way in, when she drove up. She was wearing some kind of Karate 
outfit that sported a black belt with several stripes at the end. Her ponytail 
bounced as Karen jogged up to the front door and let herself in. I had time so I 
turned on the radio and waited. Thirty minutes later she came out with a large 
Doberman. She shooed the dog inside and headed for the car in long quick 
strides. The most noticeable thing now was the police uniform she was wearing!
Following her at a safe distance I tried to sort it all out. Grabbing a cop was 
out of the question as the publicity would be too much. I seriously doubted this 
girl was a crook anyway which only raised more questions. Maybe Maria thought 
Sharon could take me in a fight. Maybe so, but how did Maria know a cop? Had she 
been busted by Sharon before? Even if the cop overpowered me, Maria couldn't 
possibly think I would give up her whereabouts. Somehow she believed something 
could lead them to her location. But what? Two blocks later I made a quick 
U-turn and hauled ass back to the warehouse.
Before the warehouse door was open far enough I was in the Mustang and trying to 
get to the road. Driving to the worst part of town I pulled into a convenience 
store and jumped out leaving it running with the door open. I jogged up to a pay 
phone with my back to the car and pretended to be making a call. Ten minutes 
later I was watching a young girl dressed in baggy clothes driving away with 
$10,000 in one of the safe deposit boxes. I was the only happy person on the bus 
that day.
I was confident that I had figured out at least part of Maria's plan so I 
relaxed a little. The bitch was driving me insane with her lies. I decided to 
take out my frustration on her body as soon as I got back. Walking the last five 
blocks didn't help my mood either and by the time I reached Maria's cage I was 
boiling.
"Fucking bitch, you've screwed yourself good this time!" The blood drained from 
Maria's face as she realized I had put it together. "You WILL tell me what I 
want to know. The car is gone and any theft tracking device went with it." She 
began to tremble in her crouched position in the cage. "I saw Sharon in her 
uniform today. I even went through her house," I lied, "and guess what I found 
besides the dog?" She was weeping now, "I found absolutely fucking nothing!!!" 
I walked away for a minute to let it sink in while I thought out my next move. 
When I looked at her again she was moaning loudly in anticipation of what would 
happen to her. The waiting was really getting to the brown bitch so I decided to 
lay it on thick. "When I get back," I growled, "I am going to make you wish you 
were dead." Her reaction was priceless, so I walked away, leaving her sobbing 
loudly while I went out for a few things. 
When I returned Maria was in a fetal position, still crying. I busied myself 
unpacking the goodies as she sat up and looked on. The warehouse had been used 
as an autobody shop that straightened frames. They had left the heavy rings in 
the floor and now all I had to do was pull the overhead winch into place and I 
was ready. Maria fought very little as I drug her from the cage and over to the 
winch. I didn't waste any time in stringing up her hands and securing her feet 
to the rings in the floor. When she was ready I hit the button and the winch 
pulled her hands toward the ceiling. I didn't stop until her legs were pulled 
tight and wide with her feet off the ground. This put her tits about eye-level 
and made them inviting targets so I started there.
Pulling a few gold rings off the table I ran the thick metal through her already 
pierced, sore nipples as she continued to sob. I pulled the two ends together 
with pliers and lit the butane torch. Welding the ends together proved 
uncomfortable for the girl as the heat from the torch turned the ring shiny 
while transmitting the heat throughout the entire nipple. Since I had punched 
the holes from top to bottom the rings stuck straight out from her breasts.
Next I turned to the table and without warning grabbed a cat and went to work on 
her entire body. Placing hard shots all ever from every conceivable direction 
until she could only grunt from the blows. A layer of sweat covered her and she 
was having a hard time getting a breath in her stretched condition. She looked 
incredible like this and I really wanted to fuck her but she was tied too high 
to reach. I picked up the dildo I had bought and moved around behind her. It was 
at least a foot long and as big around as my wrist. I touched the head against 
her puckered asshole and she groaned, "Nooooooo! I'll tell you everything! I'll 
tell you everything!"
"I know you will," I said calmly, "but you'll tell me with this up your ass!" 
With that I shoved hard and the dildo head popped past her anal ring. She 
screamed loudly and tried to move to no avail as I kept relentless pressure on 
the rubber dick. Finally I managed to get the entire length into her rectum. 
"Don't dare let it fall out," I told her as I picked the whip up again.
I whipped her hard for a few minutes but the dildo kept coming out of her ass. 
Moving to the table I picked up the nails I had used on her tits earlier and 
returned to Maria's backside. Pressing the point of one against the spincter I 
shoved hard and the nail went through muscle and embedded itself into the dildo. 
Changing sides I repeated the process to the loud complaints from the 
uncontrollably sobbing woman. I picked up the whip and began again; confident 
the dildo would stay in place this time.
By the time I dropped the whip there was not an inch of skin without red whelps 
across it. When I asked a question I got an answer immediately with more than 
enough details. The name of the forger was Peggy Mayfield. Maria told me 
everything she knew including address and layout of the house. Three hours later 
the bloody dildo plopped out of Maria's ass and onto the warehouse floor. I let 
her clean up in the bathroom and eat as much as she wanted before giving her a 
blanket and putting her in the cage.
Peggy Mayfield was an easy victim. She had crumbled so easily it was almost too 
good to be true. Within a week I had her actually enjoying her position as my 
slave; a position I was in the process of making permanent. Everything was going 
as planned when three weeks later the other shoe finally dropped.
I was back at work by now trying to keep up appearances when the newspaper 
headline caught my eye. Undercover Agent Missing was the bold print but what 
really scared me shitless was Maria's smiling picture under it. The final piece 
of the puzzle was here and now I had some tough decisions to make. I was not a 
murderer, but to let Maria go would no doubt land me in prison forever. The only 
thing I was sure of is that panic would get me in trouble I couldn't get out of. 
So I sat down calmly and read the rest of the news story.
The car had been found and the suspects, an all girl youth gang, were released 
with the exception of one. This girl was underage and was to serve 3 months in a 
detention center as she had admitted to stealing the car. The paper went on to 
state the missing DEA agent was involved in an undercover operation involving 
Derrio. There was no other information that could help me and I had to assume 
Derrio had more info than I. At this point any miscalculation or mistake could 
prove deadly. The rest of the day I began carefully formulating my plan and by 
the end of the day I was confident I had the answer.
My first move was to have my slave Peggy make a fake ID with the name Robert 
Brooks. I got all the info I needed from the old bank files I had saved when he 
had closed the account, so all the numbers were legitimate. A quick call to a 
cell phone store and all I had to do was drive by and have Peggy walk in and 
pick it up for me.
I used the cell from then on to make any calls to do with my plan. The first 
call was to a truck rental place. I gave Robert Brooks credit card number and 
told them I would have to pick it up after they closed. Later that evening I had 
Peggy drop me off three blocks away and I walked to the rest to pick up the 
truck. Finding the keys in the agreed upon place I jumped behind the wheel and 
drove back to the warehouse. 
The box truck backed easily into the warehouse alerting Maria of my presence. 
She sat up, obviously wondering what devious torture I had dreamed up now. I 
checked my watch and realizing I only had a few minutes before Peggy was to call 
from a pay phone. I began preparing for Maria's last fling while I waited and a 
few minutes later the cell rang.
"Hello," I turned my back and lowered my voice but made sure Maria could still 
hear me. "Yes, this is Robert Brooks. Ahhh, OK, that will be fine." I said 
before hanging up on a somewhat bewildered Peggy.
Turning my attention back to Maria I walked over and opened the cage. "Out 
bitch," I growled. Maria backed out slowly and staggered to her feet. I pulled 
her hands behind her back and shoved her unceremoniously into the chair. She sat 
there naked and helpless waiting for her fate. Her breasts heaved each time she 
sucked in a breath and it was obvious she was terrified. 
Retrieving a pair of cutters from my toolbox I grabbed her right nipple ring and 
tugged out as far as it would go. She let out a yelp of surprise as I cut the 
gold ring and spread the ends apart. Taking hold of the left nipple I pulled the 
two together and linked them. It took some doing and her shaking mixed with 
outbursts of screaming didn't help. Finally I managed to get them locked 
together with the pliers, stretching the skin of her firm globes to the max. She 
screamed as I lit the torch and rewelded the ring ends together heating the 
nipples once again.
I pulled her from the chair by her hair making her tits bounce against the 
nipple rings. This caused her to renew her screams with each step as I pushed 
her towards the back of the truck. She sobbed pitifully as I spread her legs and 
attached them to the rings in the floor. I pushed her from behind and she fell 
face first to the concrete banging heavily against her recently abused tits. 
Untying her hands I pulled out in front of her and retied them loosely to the 
bumper of the truck.
I then got into the truck and began to pull slowly forward. Not being able to 
see her I waited until I could hear her screams clearly before setting the 
emergency brake. Walking to the back of the truck my first thought was that I 
had pulled her arms out of socket at the shoulder. A quick check revealed that 
she was still intact but to say she was in agony would have been an 
understatement. No part of her body touched the ground but rather hovered at an 
angle with her head slightly higher than her spread legs. 
Maria hung her head between her arms and moaned continuously as I picked up the 
whip and lined up my first shot to her ass. I was suddenly struck with an idea 
so laid the whip aside after only a few strokes. Taking a pair of locking pliers 
from the toolbox I clamped an unused nipple ring in the jaws. I heated the 
makeshift branding iron with the torch and began burning the words Derrio's 
Whore into her fleshy asschecks. Twenty minutes later the brand was finished. I 
was about to shut the torch off when a particularly evil thought entered my 
mind. 
I ran the torch flame between her spread legs and lit her pubic hair. The acrid 
smell of burning hair hit about the same time as the moaning Maria hit a new 
octave in her screams. She tried to struggle but was stretched so tightly only 
her head thrashed about. The small flame licked at her pussy briefly before 
smoldering out as the last bit of hair disappeared. I turned the torch off and 
sat it down before returning to Maria. I yanked her head up by the hair and 
stared as viciously into her eyes.
"If you tell anyone about me I will do ten times as worse next time." I 
backhanded her across her tear-streaked face as hard as I could; "Do you fucking 
understand?"
"Yes," she said meekly, "I won't tell anyone. Please don't hurt me anymore!!!"
I dropped her head momentarily and went back to the torch. Using the locking 
pliers I gripped her tongue and stabbed another ring through it. After welding 
it into place I attached a short piece of wire to it and ran it down through her 
nipple rings. She made a gagging noise as I pulled her tongue out of her mouth 
by tightening the wire. Now her head could not move without stretching either 
her tongue or tits.
Backing the truck up I untied her and helped her stand. "Do what I say or you 
will regret it," I told her simply. She could not answer of course so I 
continued, "get into the truck." I raised the roll up door and she struggled to 
get inside. I picked up her cage and tossed it up into the back of the truck 
with Maria. 
"Climb in." She started to comply probably thinking I was taking her somewhere 
to be released. "No wait," I said suddenly and walked back to the table. Finding 
a permanent marker I moved to Maria, "Turn around." I began writing in large 
print across her back Sharon Moss Helped Me. "Now get in the cage." Maria eased 
to her knees and climbed gingerly into the wire enclosure. "Hands through the 
front," I said, knowing full well she would have to rest her forehead on the 
bottom of the cage to do this. She put her hands between the front bars and I 
cuffed them. Closing the cage door I reached through and grabbed her ankles 
forcing them outside the cage where I cuffed them as well. 
Slamming the truck door behind me I left the warehouse with Maria secured in the 
back. I drive to a shopping mall and left the truck keys under the mat before 
walking through the mall and meeting Peggy on the other side. "Did you drop off 
the message at Derrio's Club?" I asked her as I jumped into the car.
"Yes Sir," she answered, "just before I came here."
Twenty minutes later I was telling Derrio's associates where to find the truck 
with Maria. The only thing that remained was to leave the other safe deposit box 
with the cell phone at the warehouse. I was sure that Derrio would be much 
better at getting info out of Maria than I was.
"You're moving in with me tonight," I told Peggy. A shocked look came across her 
face but she did not voice her opinion.
"May I ask a question Sir?" Peggy finally asked. I nodded for her to continue, 
"Who is Robert Brooks?"
"He's a divorce lawyer," I smiled, "and he's married to my ex-wife."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rebelman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





