BDSM Library - Dawn's Story




Dawn's Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Aliens (who look more-or-less human) come to Earth and 'de-evolve' selected people to their natural state to serve as slaves.  Story follows the adventures of a particular slave and her loving mistress.
Dawn's Story

	Several light-years from 44 Sol Star system, sometime during the
temperate period before the end of our last Ice Age, some 130,000 years ago or
so...

Partial Star log records of  Life Transport Alexandria as recorded within a
distress beacon launched from the ship:
	 

Captain Torbin's entry Eridani Date 14546:1536, twelve years 120 days ship's
relative time(.85c) since departure
	0.35 LY from 44 Sol and far off planned flight plan from 82 Eridani II
to Eta Cassiopei IV

Engineering reports heavy damage to systems from our accident; four crew members
did not come out of their cocoons. Chief says we'll be lucky to make it to 44
Sol; energy reserves are below 24%, and we'll have to bring our cargo out of
their cocoons if the system's asteroid field has no Trilium 426 to replenish
energy supplies. Distress beacons have already been dispatched, but I don't
expect help for at least two years assuming another star ship is anywhere close.
Otherwise, help could be twenty years or more away, it's 20 LY back to home
world and 19 LY on to the water world we were bound for. I just hope 44 Sol has
a tropical world, our cargo has been conditioned for our destination; we don't
have the supplies for them to survive a temperate or cold world until help
arrives.

Date 14594:1015, Captain
Good news and Bad. We have dropped below relativistic speed and entered the
system. Stellar cartography reports this system has been charted but not
surveyed. Geologic probes show no signs of trilium or other minerals we can
process; reserves are barely enough to maintain stasis in the cocoons. Probes
into the inner system indicate the 2nd or 3rd planets as possible water or
tropical worlds. Engineering says we will have to land somewhere soon, to
attempt repairs or wait for rescue. Whatever the planet turns out to be, it'll
have to do.

Date 14598:0805, Captain
Now in geopolar orbit around the 3rd planet. Close probes showed 2nd to be too
hot even for our worker bees, and 4th was too cold and dry even for the crew.
Science says the 3rd planet is perfect- 73% water and an estimated mean temp of
63 degrees. They think the equatorial regions should range from 70 degrees to
100 degrees most of the time; the only drawback- the planet is in the temperate
period between ice age cycles and is due for another cold spell in 20,000 years
or so. I'm glad we are expected at the colony on Eta Cassiopei IV; they need our
cargo's aquatic abilities, I hope we'll be long gone before it gets cold here. A
beacon broadcasting our position and situation has been released. Engineering is
preparing to land, and we're in for a rough one.

Date 14602:1664, Captain - five hours after landing
Barely made it to ground, we put down near an inland sea surrounded by several
large continents. A few casualties: Simons in engineering is dead as well as
junior operations officer Buncombe, and the chief was hurt. He's well enough to
supervise and Doc says he'll be OK if help isn't too late. We've brought out the
cargo to save our reserves, remaining energy should be enough for emergency
lights and communications for at least several years. Chief says we are
definitely stuck 'til help arrives; this planet has some interesting ores, but
nothing we can use to refuel the ship without a massive processing plant. In his
typical cheery tone he said there's no use in repairing our systems without
fuel. Its been amusing watching our hairless work drones, they're in the water
frolicking naked like the ape-like creatures we've seen. We've lost track of
some of them; fortunately they're genetically different enough from the native
apes that we'll be able to track down them all when a ship arrives. They're able
to fend for themselves well enough that I expect only minor depletions before
our extraction. They seem to be able to determine what foods are safe to eat
instinctively so I've ordered our food supplies rationed only to the crew. Our
science officer has supplemented our diet by watching which fruits the drones
pick.
 
Date 14602:1449, Science Officer's Log - two hours after landing
Cycling of Stasis Cocoons has begun. Mutation warning lights have appeared on
units 45, 46, 84, and 126, but with only myself and a junior officer right out
of Academy I don't have time to investigate. Captain wants the units shut down
so we can save power for minimum life support and communications. So far I
expect only one actual failed cocoon, there wasn't as much damage as in the
forward area with crew cocoons. Our cargo is already starting to stir.
I've looked out the window and have seen some interesting flora and fauna. Hope
to have time to do some cataloging while we wait for rescue. The humanoid apes
seem interesting in particular, there is  one species that walks upright and
seems to use animal skins for clothes.

Date 14987:0853 or there abouts, Captain
Its been over a year local time and no sign of rescue or radio contact with
other ships. I wish we had a larger crew; with 23 people I just don't have the
resources for an extended stay. Help may never come unless a passing ship heard
our distress call. Since we're so far off course, decades will likely pass
before we see a ship; assuming they've realized we're stranded. The drones are
all over the place now and run naked in and out of the water like nothing was
wrong. I'm beginning to think running around nude is not such a bad idea; my
last uniform is badly torn. Its too bad we don't have the genetic conditioning
for prolonged water exposure. When we get back, I'll have to tell the genetics
boys they did a great job on this batch...

Date 15672: time midday, First Officer 
The captain was killed 3 days ago by one of the native large animals while
hunting. Supplies are gone, as well as the last of the ships energy reserves,
our efforts on the comm. channels have got no response . We've about lost hope;
rescue still hasn't come, and our remaining Science officer says we can't
survive much longer than twenty more years on this planets food sources without
synthetic supplements... I do not expect to make anymore log entries, after
encoding this log along with full sensor and library logs into a beacon, I've
launched it into a far orbit. I don't expect to see a rescue ship. Those crew
members with family on Eta Cassiopei included personal messages; fortunately due
to the nomadic nature of space travel most of the crew have no families.

Date more than 10 years after last post:
    The last beacon continues broadcasting its distress signal as it drifts in
Sol's Oort cloud. Its diagnostic system has failed to detect a blown power
amplifier. Its signal can only be heard within 4 AU. or so. Early beacons were
picked up but only indicated approximate flight path; no sign of the location
beacon was ever found. Debris was found floating near where the ship was first
damaged. Search vessels cruised within long range scan distance to 44 Sol,
unable to detect signals from the Alexandria's signal and unwilling to waste
years on a out of the way voyage, they continued on... Command eventually listed
the Alexandria as missing and presumed destroyed.
As the Alexandria's remaining crew sits hopelessly waiting for a ship to come,
the drones obliviously play and mate in the warm tropical water.

End Prologue




Chapter 1

Dawn's story: Approximately 2024 AD Earth date, Colony Water world Zeta Herculis
II - 77% water, 			 Mean Temp 64 degrees.

	THEY landed on July 24 2004 AD when I was 30 years old. It's one of the
few dates I still remember- The Day, the day the astronauts died, my birthday,
and Christmas. I have no idea when those dates come, but I remember the numbers.
They must know when each year my birthday is, once a year They treat me special
and give me a few treats; especially that sweet fruit They know I love.
	Believe it or not, I was actually glad that They had come: 2004 on Earth
was not a happy place to live. When I was a little girl, it seemed our
governments were going to blow us all to kingdom come. Now it seemed we were
just going to tear each other limb from limb until there was no one left to
fight. First it was the Arabs and Israelis; the peace they hoped for never came.
Likewise, England and the I.R.A.; peace was talked about, but everyone just kept
fighting.
	Every day it seemed things got worse. First it was a busload of tourists
shot dead; next time was an airliner or cruise ship. We wondered where would it
all end? For most of the '90's it was the Arabs and Israelis, the English and
the Irish, the Serbs and Bosnians; then in the new millennia it seemed to be
everyone. It was like the world was way overpopulated, and everyone was just
plain mad. It had gotten to where I was afraid to go out at night, sometimes
even to go to work in the mornings. So I guess I was glad The Visitors came.
What they might want of our miserable little planet scared me, but they also
represented some kind of new hope.
	I remember they showed up in a huge ship that hovered over the White
house. It looked like something from the old Star Trek series- it had a huge
roundish, sort of angular part in front with a long spindle coming out behind
it. The spindle had a oval pod above and below the front disk, I guess they were
engines, I don't really know. I remember exactly where I was that day; they
interrupted all the TV channels with a live image of their ship over the White
House. After 10 minutes or so their captain appeared on the TV. I remember the
date because the only thing more vivid in my memory is watching the space
shuttle blow up, killing everyone on board, while I was at school as a little
girl.
	Anyway, I remember I was surprised their captain looked just like us
except more regal looking and tall. I thought aliens were short hairless guys
with big eyes. This guy looked like one of us- well not quiet like now but how
we were. He spoke to the entire planet. Told us how they came in peace and meant
us no harm. I remember him telling everyone how they were distant cousins of
ours; he just didn't say how. I thought it was odd how his mouth looked like an
old Japanese Kung Fu movie; his lips didn't quite sync with his words.
	He finished his short speech by saying he and his people would meet with
the leaders of the world and that all of them would speak to the people of Earth
again. I remember being rather bewildered, after all I was just a simple Sales
and Customer Support clerk at a local computer and electronics store. I always
left the smart stuff to the salesmen, I just knew how to run the cash register.
All of us just stood there staring at the image of the ship after his speech.
Later I read in the news that outside, many people rioted and raged in the
street. The paper said that some preachers took it as a sign to rant about the
coming apocalypse. They seemed really upset that the aliens said they were our
cousins; I guess the bible doesn't leave much room for relatives in outer space.
I laughed when they said the Commander was the antichrist. 
	Anyway, the riots quieted down when the police came in. For some reason,
as soon as the guys in riot gear appeared, most of the citizens snapped out of
it and when back home. Only a few troublemakers were actually arrested. Soon
everything seemed to go back to normal, the aliens didn't seem ready to take
over, and the TV went back to normal programming. Over the next weeks and
months, our global unrest seemed to calm. Some of those who'd fought for
centuries, continued - albeit somewhat less aggressively. Everyone else just
kind of stopped to see what would happen - I don't think I was the only one who
thought of the aliens as a new hope.
	We heard from the Commander again several days later. He appeared on TV
from the UN building along with several other aliens and many of the World's
leaders. The TV kept panning back and forth between the aliens and the leaders.
I could see how like and unlike they were to us: They were tall, the men at
least six and a half feet; and muscular, none of them were fat; to me they all
looked very regal, the commander looked like a king of some empire. Their
clothing seemed to be shimmery colored jumpsuits. Except for the height and
regalness, they looked just like us. The president of the U.N. came toward the
camera with the leaders of the U.S., Russia, China, Japan, and U.K. right behind
him; the other leaders crowded in behind them. He started speaking, first
introducing the commander and his officers to everyone. He said all of the
nations in attendance had elected him to speak for them all.
	He first repeated that the aliens, he said they called themselves
Eridani's, came in peace to interact and trade with us. He indicated that the
Eridani's had many technologies they would share with us in exchange for trade
and mining rights here on Earth. He turned to the Commander who pointed out a
star system called 82 Eridani G5 on a map off to the side; I'm still confused
about exactly where it is, I've always had trouble even with two dimensional
maps. Anyway he said the G5 meant it was a yellow sun like ours but a bit
smaller; their planet was the second one and orbited much closer to its sun.
	So the commander listed a number of minerals and ores they needed, some
that we didn't even want on our planet to begin with. He reassured everyone that
they could be mined using deep shafts drilled by lasers from orbit, and that the
process was completely automatic, only requiring operators, and that it was
completely safe both to the Earth and its inhabitants. He listed a long list of
things we would get in return: safe, cheap, and powerful fuels and energy; much
improved communication and computer equipment, better ways to farm, a whole lot
of technological things I didn't understand, very improved medical care
including possible cures for many diseases; and chances for those qualified to
go to their Academy and travel the stars on their star ships. The president came
back up, and after more talk, told everyone that this was it for now, and to
stay tuned into the news for more announcements later.
	The first thing they did was to phase out all of the nuclear reactors
and other power plants for their new advanced power systems. I understood that a
half dozen or so new power stations could cleanly supply the entire world's
electricity very cheaply. They said something about it was so cheap because the
Eridani's subsidized the cost in part exchange for the mines they were building.
About this time, we began to see many ships arriving; most of these were much
more angular and bulky except for a few like the first one. I think they said
some had come that we didn't even see - I think these had stayed in orbit to
power their mines. I had wondered why the power companies didn't complain about
losing their profits, but I guess they found new markets for them to expand
into.
	As power plants, transportation and other big petroleum companies
switching to the clean fuels, environmental cleanup became the next new thing.
The aliens assisted of course, and many people who'd been out of work before
found a new source of work. Tools to make underground building easier were
brought in, and underground housing became popular. Overnight many buildings got
torn down to make way for gardens and parks. Of course they left all the
historic sites; who wants to tear down some hotel George Washington stayed in?
	With the arrival of all those ships, we saw more and more aliens on
Earth. After three or four months we saw them on the street all the time. For
some reason they always seemed to stare at me but I didn't take notice of it;
after all with my long brown hair and medium sized firm breasts men always
stared at me. Most of the aliens I saw were men. I did see at least a few women;
They seemed to stare too, but I paid no attention. I've had one or two ladies
look at me before and by now I'd heard rumors that the aliens had no hang-ups.
My friend Sally said they even allowed marriages with three or sometimes more
people! I didn't care - They came to our restaurants and bought food, they came
into the store and bought all kinds of stuff. 
	They seemed amused with the computer games the store sold, and bought
them by the handful. I think the banks had set up exchange rates; they'd just
give me a card that I swiped through the register, I never had one of their
cards fail. Soon we were selling all kinds of new gadgets, we stopped carrying
most of the old computers. At first the new stuff didn't have brand names, but
later the new computers said IBM, Apple, Compaq, etc. We still sold those video
games by the truckload.
	With all these Eridani's coming in, they got to be real familiar to me.
Most of them still seemed to stare at me, but a few had become friendly. One in
particular, he looked young but I think he must have been older since I heard
they live 500 years or more and don't die except by old age or accidents, kept
coming in over and over to buy more games. He started to open up, and talked
about his ship and what he did. One night I was in a bar eating dinner and he
was there with his buddies. He came over and asked if he could sit and talk to
me. 
	He asked me all kinds of questions! He did mention he was married and
his wife was back on Eridani with another husband and kids. He started talking
about how they were free to date others as they wished, and how they often
brought dates back to meet the spouse. This caught me off guard; usually married
men trying to pick me up deny being married, and we wound up back at my place
and during our heavy necking I found out he definitely had his equipment in the
right place (Dawn reaches one hand down under her belly and massages herself).
	I was a bit nervous about walking home with him. Guys always told me I
was pretty, but I guess I always had somewhat of a confidence problem. I always
worried too much about how I looked, and when guys tried to reassure me, I
worried more. I didn't go out on dates much. I'd only had two real boyfriends,
and one of those was in high school. I usually wound up staying home. I think I
let the Eridani come home with me partly because he had a subtle way of making
me feel at ease and good about myself. So like I said, we went up to my
apartment and made out really heavy.  
	We would have gotten further except I heard beeping come from his
uniform collar and he said he had been ordered back to the ship early. Before he
left, he said he hoped he'd see me again. What he did before leaving struck me
as odd; instead of kissing me, he held me close and stroked the back of my head
like I was his younger sister or something. I saw him in the bar once or twice
but never went out on a date with him again.
	The Eridani's weren't what I expected at all. Like I said, their men
were six and a half feet tall at least. Most of the women were around six.  All
of them were handsome or beautiful, not one was ugly. They always walked with
purpose, walking gracefully with confident precise strides, even when they were
just strolling around. They all seemed strong, agile, and quick; I once saw one
of them take down four human thugs hoping to rob him. Of course the thugs were
really stupid to try in the first place; the Eridani probably had no money and
only a debit card they couldn't have used anyway. The Eridani reminded me of one
of those old Kung Fu guys; he knocked them all out, but didn't beat them
needlessly. The Eridani never showed anger once during the entire incident.
	They are always calm and collected emotionally; but not unemotional like
the character Spock from Star Trek. They never get angry or upset, however they
are quick to show compassion, warmth, or laughter. I remember another incident
that happened in the store- one of them had come in to purchase some games, and
the register wouldn't work. Nothing I did helped, and my boss angrily yelled at
me, telling me I never did anything right. While I stood there on the verge of
tears, the Eridani just patiently stood there. He reassured me, telling me I was
doing my best, then turned to my boss. My boss furiously ranted and raved while
the Eridani barely whispered. Suddenly my boss turned to me and apologized, then
left. It turned out the problem was the mainframe, I never did anything wrong.
Seeing how my boss reacted to the Eridani gave me quite a thrill; my boss was
something of a terror and made life horrible for everyone there. 
 	I discovered they are pragmatic and straightforward - they are still
puzzled and amused by some Earth customs and notions. Like I said before they
have no hang-ups about sex, bodily functions, or relationships. It's all part of
life and there's no need to hide seemed to be their attitude. Nudity especially
confused them, it made no sense to them to hide things everyone had. For them
clothes were mainly for comfort in non controlled environments as well as for
rank and work division identification. I learned later that off duty, nudity was
accepted, especially in warm environments. Our history of slavery also puzzled
them - the concept wasn't new to them and even seemed accepted, but our past
tendency to enslave others of our own kind simply based on skin color did not
make sense to them.
	With the increased numbers of Eridani on planet came more advancements.
Next were new cars with the improved power plants. They said the new ones were
much better for the environment; I'm not sure, I never even drove my old one
much. Ford didn't seem to care, from reading the paper I think they were
retooling to make aerospace stuff. These new cars were neat, you just got into
them and said where you wanted to go. I didn't even have to steer. I just got in
and it took off into the air. Like I said I never really liked cars and didn't
use mine much anyway.
	The medical advances they brought were the most wondrous. I kept hearing
about new developments just about everyday. First they came up with brand new
artificial hearts. If you needed a new one, you were back up in just a couple
weeks, and didn't even need to carry around a power supply. They cured all those
incurable diseases named after dead sports stars and stuff. To get rid of
cancer, all you had to do was take pills for a couple weeks and you'd never get
it. If you were overweight, or bald, or ugly; they could fix that too.
	For a while all the medical people who'd spent all those years studying
were a bit anxious and upset, but the Eridani's found a solution again. They
announced a new program about how they were short on science crewmen on their
exploration ships. The TV said something about seeing the far reaches of the
galaxy and beyond. It stated "Call 1-800-555-5555 and give us your name, social
security number, and schooling". I think they'd then check up on you and call in
those they were interested in. A lot of people signed up I think, they must have
because there seemed to be fewer human doctors.
	After nine months or so, I think they cured just about every disease and
ailment. They even talked about a possibility of renewed youth for older people;
the commentator said "One day you can just check into a hospital and they'd put
you through a series of gene rejuvenations that'd return your youth to you."  I
guess they finally even cured the cold- at least I haven't had one since. Things
did start to get a bit weird. I kept hearing rumors about people turning up
missing. I never thought much about it though. Once I got a video call from a
guy I used to date in school. He said he'd graduated medical school just after
the aliens came. He told me he spent four months at an Eridani academy and was
on a star ship near the Denemb system now.
	Some people made a big deal about it, especially those street corner
preachers that always talked about the end of the world. You know what I thought
about them. Plus they brought the subject up on the TV talk shows. Geraldo
brought out a bunch of people who'd "turned up missing". One guy was in a
Eridani uniform like my friend. Another said he had just come out of the
hospital free of some old health problems, and had gone to the tropics for a
month to celebrate. All other guests had similar stories, and Geraldo brought
out some guy with a greasy beard and dirty clothes carrying a "The End is Near"
sign. After shouting accusing questions at the guy, while the audience jeered,
he announced it was all a scam. I always believed Geraldo.
	Those fanatical religious guys really didn't like it when cures for AIDS
and all the other sexual diseases were  announced one after another. If you had
a disease they had treatments that would cure you in days. Everyone who wanted
would receive vaccines and would never get sick again. The "End is Near" guys
couldn't stop talking about that with sexual diseases cured, the free love
"sinful" days would come back. 
	About a year after they landed, and the Geraldo scandal had faded, I was
at the pub eating dinner when a sharp pain shot through my side. It hurt so much
I fell down on the floor, and curled up into a ball. One of waitresses got to me
about the same time as one of the Eridani officers. Both asked me if I was all
right simultaneously. The officer offered to drive me to a doctor, but the
waitress said "No, I'd better call an ambulance". One got there as my pain was
starting to lessen a bit. After taking my vital signs and examining me, the
driver put me on a stretcher, telling me "It's just a bit of appendicitis". 
	After giving me a painkiller, he wheeled me into the back of the
ambulance, and we rode to the hospital. In the emergency room, the human nurse
took my vital information then rolled me to a bed in the emergency ward. She
pulled the curtain as she talked to me. She undressed me, pulling my shoes off,
then removed my blouse and my jeans, then my panties and bra. Even though the
curtain was closed, I was a bit nervous as she pulled off my rings and other
jewelry, placed them on a tray and left me as naked as when I was born. Turning
away for a moment, she got a short gown and then had me reach out my arms so she
could put it on me. She took all my clothes and possessions and walked away,
leaving me there to listen to the sounds of a very busy emergency room. After
five or ten minutes she came back with an injection for the pain. I was told
again it was just a simple case of appendicitis. They would operate as soon as
possible, and it would all be OK soon. I slowly faded into sleep as I felt the
painkillers kick in.




Chapter 2:

	I awoke with a start on my stomach in a brightly lit white room, and
with alarm looked around. It didn't look like a room at the hospital- the walls
were made of some slick white plastic like material and everything looked very
futuristic. There were three beds beside the one I was lying on. One was close,
right next to mine and parallel to it; The other two were on the opposite side
of the room, lined up with mine and the other one. A wall with some sort of
sliding door in the middle ran parallel to the side of my bed. The wall opposite
that was covered with LCD electronic panels separated by sliding cabinets. I
could see square black panels behind each of the beds on the other side. The
whole room was barely big enough to hold the beds and a comfortable walking
space all around them. I couldn't turn my head to see the wall behind me.
	As the shock of waking up suddenly in an unfamiliar room dimmed, I got
terrified even more as I realized I was nude, lying face down and totally
exposed on the bed with no covers over me. The top of the bed was made of some
kind of moist synthetic material. Like I said, I was lying on my stomach, hands
down at my side, and my chin resting on sort of a pillow molded into the bed
with my head almost reaching over the end facing towards the center of the room.
A thousand emotions ran through my head; I felt scared, frightened, embarrassed,
humiliated, and most of all exposed. What horrible things were they do to me? I
didn't know and I was afraid to find out. My emotions coursed through my brain
faster as I realized I was held in position and prevented from turning over by
the molded surfuce of the bed. 
	It was molded exactly to the curves of my body, forcing me into a
natural relaxed position sunk down into the bed a bit. My head was forced upward
to a slight angle from my neck, not too steep to be uncomfortable. Lying down I
could easily see the room in front of myself. My arms were along my side, it was
hard to pull them up under my chest or above my head. The bed forced my legs to
bend naturally at my knees and kept my legs a foot or so apart; my feet were
pointed downward and back towards the wall behind me, fitting into sort of
pockets in the bed. I found I could push with my feet against the back of the
pockets to arch my back and raise my head or get my hands up, but not without
effort. 
	I was most conscious of the position it forced my body into. The bed was
curved to my natural posture, and supported my back at a slight concave curve
and my shoulders and pelvis slightly higher than my tummy. It raised my pelvis
up a bit more than my upper body, so my butt was arched slightly up into the
air; I could feel air on my bare pussy. I trembled as I realized my constrained
position. Terror rushed through my mind as I realized the black areas on the
walls might be one way windows. If the black areas across the room were windows,
there must be ones behind me too.
	I became more and more frantic; I did not where I was nor who brought me
here. The horror of it all began to sink in as the seconds, which seemed like
hours, ticked by. I got more and more scared, I wanted to get up and find a robe
or a sheet, anything. I wanted to hide, run anywhere but here.
	 I had never been comfortable with my nudity, even in private let alone
a place where a stranger could walk in; shame raced through me. I struggled
frantically, trying to get out of the bed. It seemed to resist my efforts, and
it became harder and harder to fight. This only made my emotions rage even more;
sweat poured from my body, and I shivered as I was suddenly cold. I did not
notice the bed get more moist nor the smell coming from my chin rest. With
sudden clarity I realized the room had been at a perfect temperature for my
nudity. Suddenly, in the midst of my struggles, I started to feel too tired to
be alarmed. I sank back into the bed, and hovered back and forth from a drowsy
state, forgetting my fright, at least for a while.
 	As I lay there, slipping in and out of consciousness, I started to calm.
I began to notice details about the room and myself I had missed before. Like I
said the bed was moist, but not uncomfortable to my skin. Where it touched me,
my skin was moist and slick, but after my sweat glands shut down,  I wasn't cold
anymore. The temperature was perfect for my comfort. From arching upwards during
my struggles, I noticed it seemed cooler away from my bed. The other beds were
empty, and their blue tops smooth and flat, but made of the same material as
mine. I noticed small panels on the sides near their heads, and what appeared to
be recessed open areas below their front ends. 
	I tried to stretch and look below and behind my bed, but I didn't have
the energy. I could only look ahead or to my sides. Suddenly I realized, the
pain in my side was gone! As I groggily lay there, it occurred to me that it
hadn't even hurt when I put up such a fight. I continued to lie there, and after
satisfying myself about my apparent surroundings, I let myself relax again. I
napped for a while, halfway waking several times. Still no one entered and I
began to wonder. I napped for several hours I guess, I'm not sure. 
	Finally, I heard the door swish beside me. I jerked with alarm again,
and started struggling again. Someone was coming! And I didn't want them to see
me naked! I saw a nurse, a tall Eridani female, come through the door,
whispering calming things to me - kind of what a mother would say to a young
daughter. She came to a stop beside the bed and hung a flat hand held computer
on the side of the bed. Still whispering to me and calling me her "little pet",
she reached out her hand towards me. She stroked my back, starting at the base
of my spine almost at the crack of my ass, and up to my neck and on to the top
of my head. I jerked at the sudden sensation of her hand on my bare body then
relaxed as I got used to it. She repeated this motion, sensually rubbing my back
as she went, and despite myself I began to calm but remained apprehensive and
puzzled about her words.
	Finding my voice I began asking questions: 
	"Where am I?"
	"Onboard a Eridani Starship."
	"Where are my clothes? Please get me something to wear!"
	"They took them away at the Hospital. You won't need them here. Are you
cold? I can raise the tempature if you like."
	"No, I'm comfortable.", I had to admit as she continued to stroke my
back while her words soothed me-- "You don't have to me ashamed, there's nothing
wrong with you body." Her words puzzled me, but her voice was somehow calming so
I settled back down. She said "Just relax and let us take care of you; you've
been very sick. I'll explain everything when you're ready.", then would say no
more.
	As my tensions eased some, she stopped and reached for the clipboard
again. I realized I liked her rubbing, and wanted her to continue. Despite
myself, I arched my back, raising my pussy, now as moist as my belly was from
the bed, into the air. My  body seemed to act on its own, and my mind was forced
to go along. As she touched the clipboards surface, she told me everything was
going to be OK. Putting the clipboard away again, she pulled a white pill from a
pouch at her side. She brought it to my mouth with one hand while gently
grabbing the back of my head with the other. Telling me it would help me get
better, she ordered me to open my mouth and stick out my tongue.
	The hand rubbing the back of my head made me feel good again, and I
arched upward, tilting my head up and my tongue out. She smoothly pushed the
pill to the back of my throat, closing my mouth and massaging from my throat to
my chin as I swallowed. Her hand reached under the front of the bed, returning
with a clear glass of water, and brought it to my lips. I drank as she massaged
the underside of my neck, hoping that she wouldn't tilt the glass too fast. I
seemed to feel better even as the pill barely hit my stomach, and lay prone
again. I didn't know why, but I felt calm and relaxed no matter what might
happen next.
	She moved her hand to my back again, and continued stroking, not going
so low this time, for a few more minutes, still telling me I was in good hands
and that everything was going to be OK. I still felt exposed, but yet tingled
all over. The butterflies in my stomach seemed gone, and she walked over to the
wall opposite the door to a console on my side of the room. She stood there ten
or fifteen minutes, her fingers flying over a touch sensitive keypad. She kept
glancing over her shoulder at me every few minutes or so, and I just lay there,
still apprehensive, with my head sideways against the molded side of the
headrest so I could watch as she worked.
	In not too long of a time, she stopped and slid open a cabinet. Removing
a tall opaque bottle, she came back to the front corner of my bed. She reached
for the panel, and I got scared again as the bed moved. She reached out and
stroked me as it remolded itself, raising me slightly into sort of a low hands
and knees position. Telling me to relax, she poured part of the bottle into her
hand and set it down on the edge of the bed. Rubbing her hands together, she
started massaging me again, starting with my upper back, going down the back of
my arms, down to my legs and feet, and then down my back again, ending by
massaging my ass and pussy. I really jumped then, but she paid me no mind, and I
settled down as she continued this, pouring out more of the liquid onto me,
making me shiver, until I glistened all over.
	I felt strange, I still felt self-conscious about resting nude on my
stomach, hands and knees while she stood there in her jumpsuit, walking around
the bed to massaged me all over. I did not understand the feelings coming from
my body. My pussy tingled with arousal and wetness; my whole body felt
stimulated and hot, not quite like a sexual heat, but  just like this was how I
was supposed to feel all the time. Her treatment of me confused me too; I knew I
was in some soft of hospital, but she literally did everything for me. 
	After too little time she said enough for that side and hit the panel
again. The bed flattened and I lay there flushed. She nudged me, and rolled me
over onto my back. Already I'd become used to laying on my stomach, lying on my
back didn't feel right anymore. I blushed again, feeling more exposed on my
back. The bed adjusted to me again, and she started on my front, doing my arms
and legs then my torso. As she got near my pussy, she kind of pulled at my pubic
hair and seemed to shake her head; I just arched my back in an unabashed orgasm
as she thoroughly massaged some of the liquid into my pussy and asshole, pushing
firmly into me.
	She finished and the bed returned to its old position. I rolled over
with it without any prompting; she smiled as I looked up. In my sated condition
as I laid there like a snake with my arms down at my side and my head propped up
on the cushion, I felt this was how I should lie from now on. She rubbed my back
again and I raised my ass in pleasure. She quickly stroked my pussy once, then
let the room. I got hot from her touch but calmed a bit with no more
stimulation. It seemed right to stay aroused and ready all the time for some
reason. Still,I was confused, as I lay there panting, I knew I should be
mortified; not turned on as hell.
	In just a few minutes she returned with a male Eridani. I felt the same
rush and alarm as when the nurse came in but it went away quicker. They seemed
to pay no heed to my nakedness, I started to question what's wrong with nudity
anyway? I guess he was a doctor, he looked at my chart, raised me up and felt my
chest and heart, massaging my breasts, then felt my forehead, asked me to open
wide and stick out my tongue, and looked down my throat and into my eyes; the
usual things doctors do. He pinched me, felt my pussy, and pushed slick fingers
into my ass and pussy. I really arched then, but he rubbed my back with his
other hand, and I relaxed.
	Pulling his fingers out of me he wiped his hands and turned to talk to
the nurse. He left and she pulled a oval dish full of a mushy stew like food
from beneath the bed. She pulled a tray out from under the head of the bed  and
pulled it up towards my face and set the food on it. Petting my head she left
the room. I looked at the food, realizing I could reach it easily. Seeing no
spoon or fork, I stared at it wondering how I was supposed to eat. 
	She came back in after a while and asked what was wrong while rubbing my
hair: was it too cold? too hot? was I not hungry? She put her finger in the food
and tasted it. She took it away, then put it back, rubbing me again. I could
only conclude that they expected me to eat without utensils, and reached forward
with my head, pulling up my arms so I could use my fingers. She patted my head
again and left. Soon my arms were tired and I had to move them back down to my
sides. I continued eating with just my mouth, licking the bowl like a cat. The
bowl was shallow and it felt natural to lick and chew with my mouth only- I just
had to keep reaching up to move my long brown hair aside. Licking my lips as I
lay back, I decided table manners were overrated. I saw a tube beside the dish
coming up from below my bed, I sucked it, tasting cool water, until my stomach
felt about to pop and my thirst was gone. I lay my head back again and slept, I
can't remember what I dreamed of.
	I awoke again, calmly this time just before the door opened. Almost
before it slid aside, I smelt perfume. Without looking, I knew it was my nurse.
After rubbing me hello, she reached under me and felt and massaged my lower
stomach. She asked if I was full and needed to pee. As I nodded my head, she
said go ahead and pee, the bed would catch it. I shook my head, nudity was one
thing; if I was now in Eridani society and nudity was accepted, maybe I could
adjust. Peeing on a bed in front of someone was quite another. She just reached
under my front, found my clit and starting rubbing then squeezed it slightly.
With arousal and a red face, I let it flow uncontrollably, I guess I was really
full. When I was done, I saw the bed had molded itself so that my spray had been
absorbed, leaving no extra wetness.
	She stated that my bowels needed emptying also, as if I didn't have a
say in the matter. Reaching between my legs she pulled up a nozzle. After
rubbing her hand against my ass cheek and pussy, she got the tube slick and
placed it against my ass hole. I still reacted even though  looking back it
looked smaller that the doctor's finger. She stroked me as I was plugged up; it
seems she could get me to do anything by petting my sensitive back. Suddenly I
felt my anus stretch - somehow it expanded inside me. I felt the water start to
flow up me, somehow the exact temperature of my hot body, and sweat came out of
my pores. It continued until I thought it would come out my nose, and she raised
me up off the bed onto my hands and knees. She kneaded my stomach and breasts,
knowing just where to massage to ease the cramps. 
	As the water stopped, I gasped with arousal and felt so full I thought
I'd burst. Nurse continued to massage, murmuring "Its OK to cum, cum for me
Dawn, its only natural". I felt my most intense orgasm ever start to come on as
the water began to drain from me back through that same tube. I'm sure the
humiliation of my new experiences was part of it. I emptied out more completely
than ever before, and it started again before I could recover from the first
filling. Two more cycles later I was flushed and weak as I started my third
orgasm in a row.
	Suddenly the door rushed open and another nurse came in, saying "Is this
our new patient that needs a trim?" I blushed lobster red at the thought of the
door opening and yet another stranger seeing me stuffed and nude in the middle
of an orgasm. She paid me no heed, and I couldn't very well stop no matter how
embarrassed I was. After I drained again, my nurse pulled out the nozzle, and I
flopped back down, open and yielding, my pussy now seemingly permanently wet.
	Before I could catch my breath, the second nurse said, "OK, turn her
over... Yes all that hair has to go". After they rolled me over onto my back, I
looked  down at my pussy, my pubic hair was matted and wet. From a cart she'd
brought with her, she got another bottle and pouring another lotion into her
hands. Handing it to my first nurse, they massaged it all over my front from my
face to my toes. I got even hotter and flushed, my body tingling as both of them
worked me over. They ignored me; one of them would lightly slap my ass every so
often to put me down. They never said a word as they worked, but I learned to
stay aroused, and only come when allowed.
	They both pulled nozzles out from under the bed and rinsed me, leaving
me soaked from head to foot and smooth as the day I was born. The excess water
just went back into the table. They turned me over, keeping the table flat. They
massaged more of the lotion into my back and neck, loosing me up more than I had
ever been before. One of them then grabbed me by the hair and pulled my head
back in line with my spine. I just wiggled a bit, looking straight across the
room as they did the backs of my arms, legs and my back and ass. They even
rubbed it between my ass cheeks, around my ass hole and that area between my ass
and pussy. 
	As they rinsed my back, I really started wiggling, I was enjoying this
now. Seeing my pleasure, they started playing with me, spraying me like kids
used to do to each other at car washes. Every once in a while they'd stick a
nozzle in my mouth, I'd always eagerly suck the water down with no problem. I
felt like I'd found a racial memory mankind had foolishly thrown away. I
definitely wasn't in any normal hospital, I felt more like someone's dog in a
washtub in the backyard. I don't know what part of that visual image turned me
on more: the idea of being a pet owned by someone or the fantasy of being an
animal dependent on others for basic needs.
	When they stopped I wasn't ready, and sat up on my hands and knees,
pouting like a puppy as they left me to dry naturally in the warm air. Hands and
knees seemed as natural as the prone position, my head comfortably bent back.
Suddenly, I felt an overwhelming need to pee, and crouching a bit, let a rushing
stream go. I felt a sudden thrill as I unselfconsciously  and openly peed in
front of them both. They looked at me with surprise, and one of them teasingly
spanked me hard on the ass, saying "We just cleaned you!" The spank felt good
and I just squeezed my muscles and raised a leg as I shook the last drops off.
	They pushed me back down onto the bed, leaving my head and my wet hair
hanging off the edge. The second nurse got combs, brushes, and cutters and
started styling my brown hair. I cried out in shock as she started cutting large
chunks off. Crying desperately, I struggled more than I ever done before. My
nurse started yelling "Hold Still! This won't take long!" As they quickly held
me down, parts of the bed rose up and flowed around me- straps held my feet and
hands against the bed, others parts molded themselves  around my waist, and
another circled my neck and held my head securely out over the end of the bed. I
couldn't move my head in any direction, and I struggled uselessly against my
bonds.
	Realizing she was quickly cutting my hair short, I sobbed frantically.
My first nurse, who I'd come to trust moved beside me, as the other one
continued. I felt her move her hand between my legs to just below my pussy. With
one smooth motion, she stroked me from my slick and smooth pubis, up along my
lips, and on up to above my asshole. Never leaving my skin, she moved her hand
back down to my pubis. She repeated this motion, rubbing me firmly each time.
After the third or so trip, she started massaging into my ass hole and slit as
her hand traveled back and forth. All the shame and humiliation of my whole
ordeal welled up inside and overflowed as I cried softly, my tears falling with
my hair. I shook and twisted, crying openly, as I came continuously while the
nurse styled my hair into a short pageboy style like that actress who played
Lois Lane.
	As my head hung over the edge, the nurse finished up, massaging some
sort of mouse into my hair. As my struggling slowed, the restraints receded into
the table. My mistress, at least that's how I thought of her now, continued
masturbating me, only not as intensely. Free of the restraints and my distress
forgotten, with my arms I raised my head and shoulders up, proudly showing my
tits to my hairdresser, and pushing my stomach down onto the flat bed, arching
my ass against Mistress's hand. Reaching for my hairdresser's stomach with my
mouth, I came animalistically as they worked me at both ends. 
	As my heartbeat slowed, one of them reached between my asscheeks,
cupping my pussy, and jabbed her thumb into my asshole and curled her fingers
firmly against my mound and clit. I yelped as she swiftly pulled me up onto my
hands and knees. She pushed and prodded me until I arched my back and raised my
head like Lassie. My breasts hanging heavy below, I was shifted closer to the
side, facing my first mistress. She had another pill in her hand and moved it to
my mouth. This time I didn't cooperate. I kept my mouth pinched tightly closed
as she tried to push it in. My other new mistress suddenly slapped my right
haunch. I shook my head and wiggled from side to side as the sting sent a new
thrill up my spine. She spanked me again, harder, and this time I opened.
	As I opened my mouth, Mistress inserted her fingers into my mouth,
pushing the pill deep into my throat. Simultaneously, my pussy and ass were
squeezed, causing me to open up even wider. Mistress closed my mouth and I
swallowed. She produced a bottle of liquid and upended it in my mouth. I was
pleased to swallow it all. Mistress behind me pulled out of me, and they left me
breathless on the bed.
	They came back with the same white lotion my first nurse had massaged me
with. They squirted it into their hands, and began massaging me again. They
massaged quickly and professionally this time, one starting with my head and the
other my feet, meeting at my middle. They got both my top and bottom with the
same pass this time. I wanted them to play with me, but they ignored me, making
several quick passes. Since they wouldn't play, I had to patiently kneel,
beaming like a happy collie. They squirted more lotion onto me, stroking me
until I was slick and gleaming like some scaleless fish.
	It was over before I was ready and I was pushed back prone onto the bed.
It reformed around me as Mistress placed another bowl of food in front of me. I
realized I was famished; I hungrily licked and chewed, using my hands never
occurred to me. My hairdresser left before I realized; my new haircut didn't
seem so bad now. My hair didn't get in the way as I messily rooted my nose in
the bowl. Mistress stroked my head as I eagerly licked every corner of the bowl.
As I finished and looked up at her while licking my lips, she reached out and
wiped a bit I'd missed from the corner of my mouth. Quickly, before she could
move her hand, I reached out and licked all traces of it off her finger, sucking
on her fingers 'til I was sure I'd got it all. She smiled, and turned to leave.
	Pausing at the door, she turned and said "You need to get some Sun." She
touched a panel next to the door, and more lights came on above me. I quickly
warmed from the heat of the lamps. I stretched and twisted to work my tension
out. Lying full length along the bed, and reveling in my nudity, I reached my
arms up past my head and over the end. The bed let me move my body and I felt it
remold itself and stretch me as far as I'd go. It forced my throat and head up
in line with my spine again, and I looked at nothing across the room. I let my
mind go blank, I'd never sunbathed much, this felt good and I wished I was
outside under a real sun, although I felt nervous about the idea of going
outdoors like this.
	Hours passed.  Lying sweaty, I had time to reflect. I didn't know how
long I'd been here, but it couldn't have been longer than several days depending
on how long I'd been out after my appendicitis. I still didn't know what they
wanted with me, but I decided they must be grooming me for something. Anyway, I
no longer felt afraid, I was calm and fully relaxed. I always had trouble with
work - I just didn't fit in, I wasn't always real bright and I never handled
stress well. I didn't really understand it yet, but I felt confident that I
would be taken care of here. Somehow, as I laid nude under the lamps, I felt
comfortable and better than ever.
	As I lay there on the bed, I knew I must be on a star ship. I could feel
its vibrations up through the bed and into my breasts and body. I don't think I
would have been able to feel it a few days ago, but I seemed to be more
sensitive now. I seemed to remember my mistresses by smell, both of them had
distinct odors. I could tell them apart even before they came into the room. I
know I didn't have smell like that before.
	Just then the bed shifted and shaked. Without thinking, I rolled over
onto my back returning my arms to my sides. The bed molded to me again, and I
ran a hand across my pussy. I smelled different then I remembered from before,
more musky and less strong. I decided my body smelt good to me as I brought my
moist hand up to my mouth and licked it. My front had lost some of its slickness
from rubbing against the bed, and I had an idea. I brought both hands down to my
slit and dipped in. I rubbed my honey over my tight stomach and up over my
breasts. I continued rubbing myself, mixing my juices with the sweat pouring
under the hot lights. Coated and slick, my skin didn't feel dirty or sweaty; my
juices smelt sweet and good with just a hint of a musky odor.
	I lay there for hours, running my hands across myself ever so often,
just to keep the tension up. The lamps got me even hotter and my sweat continued
to pour. I smelled of sex, and it just got me more aroused as I lay there open
and exposed. Soon I felt the need to pee again, after all the nurses had just
about pumped me completely full of water. It felt good to just let go and have
the bed soak it up. I grew curious and wiped a drop clinging to my leg. Bringing
my hand to my nose, the smell didn't turn me off. Experimenting, I put my hand
under my slit and squeezed out a remaining bit. It wasn't overpowering either;
putting my hand in my mouth, it tasted like pee all right but the taste didn't
bother me. My sense of smell seemed very sharp, yet smells I would have
considered bad before seemed to be just another smell now. 
	I wondered if I had had enough sun, when I realized the door was about
to open. I tensed, curious who'd come through. Out of new habit, I rolled back
over onto my stomach, letting the bed hold my head and ass high. My muscles and
spine seemed looser and more relaxed than before. Like my sense of smell, I
guessed it must have been the medicines.  I felt good stretched out on the bed,
my neck was always long, and it felt good to hold my head up so I could watch
more of the room.
	I heard the door swoosh, and panicked again when I smelt someone new
coming in with Mistress! A human! I calmed a bit and laid back down when I
realized whoever was coming was as naked as me. She came in, steered by
Mistress's hand on her ass. She was a bit shorter than me, with a long lithe
torso. Her skin was bronzed golden and glistened like mine. Likewise, she was
hairless except for her short mousy blonde hair. Her pussy lips were full, open,
and droopy; her clit was very prominent, and she was obviously very aroused.
Behind them, I could see and smell others walking by the door. I wondered if I
was being silly about being seen as I realized she'd just been paraded around in
front of all those people and showed no embarrassment whatsoever.
	Mistress left her standing in the middle of the room and came over to me
after turning the lights back down to normal. Looking up at her, I noticed some
sort of patch over her voice box I hadn't noticed before. I think it had
something to do with why I could understand her and why her voice didn't quite
match the movements of her mouth. She said "Time for a pill again" as she
reached out a hand to my mouth. She didn't pet me as she put the pill down my
throat so I licked her hand lovingly. I wanted to be petted and stroked. 
	As Mistress held her hand still for me to lick, she laughed at my
earlier panic. She told me "You'd better get used to being seen, sooner or later
all 500 people on this ship will have seen you." I blushed at this comment as
Mistress reached her other hand behind me, pushed her thumb into my ass and
cupped my puss. She pulled me up and set me down off the bed. With her thumb in
me, I stood as upright as I could, stretched to my tiptoes.
	Pulling her hand out and letting me down onto my feet, she led me over
to the middle of the room and introduced me to Tina with her hand firmly on my
ass cheek. Tina said "Hi Dawn" and smiled as she reached out with a finger and
scooped a dollop of my pussy cream and brought it to her mouth to taste.
Mistress just smiled and bent me 90 degrees and guided me between Tina's legs.
Instinctively I went for her slit, sniffing and tonguing her hello as Mistress
told Tina how I'd adjusted better than any of the subjects so far, even better
than Tina. Thoughts flooded my mind as I licked; I hadn't thought about licking,
my tongue just came out on its own. Once I'd have never done this, but Mistress
had reached her hand down and was pumping her thumb into me again. I flexed my
torso in time to her rhythm, and could not seem to control myself in my arousal.
As my tongue continued licking, I couldn't remember what was so taboo about
licking another pussy anyway?
	I jumped abruptly and Mistress pulled me back up when two new nurses
came in announcing they had some new medicines for us to take. I blushed but
stood up straight, breasts out like I was displayed on a pedestal, as Mistress
pumped her thumb in and out of my ass while stroking my pussy with her fingers.
One of the nurses went behind Tina and took control of her. The other one poured
a white liquid down our throats as both our heads were pulled back. My mistress
must have been in charge of the others because she ordered them to place Tina up
on the other examination bed before the Doctor comes in.
	Clamping her hand back on my cheek, Mistress pointed me towards the door
and said "Come on, we need to run a few tests on you - it's time you get
completely over this silly embarrassment anyway". Just before we left, I looked
back and saw how I must have looked on my bed. They had Tina spread out prone
with her big breasts out in front and her head up high. One of them had a hand
on Tina's pussy while the other feed some pills to her. I saw Tina submissively
licking the nurse's fingers before Mistress forced me out the door.
	I walked out into my new world nude, hairless, glistening, and open for
all to see. Mistress's hand gave me no choice, she nudged me in the directions
she wanted me to go, twisting her strong hand to force me to turn whichever
direction she wanted. As we walked down the halls, I sort of strutted, breasts
up and out as I still felt the memory of her hand rhythmically pulling and
prodding my pussy and ass hole. I found myself walking on the balls of my feet,
like a young child trying to keep up with her older sister. Before we exited the
room, she slapped my ass with the other hand and said "If you need to pee, hold
it! Don't go in the floor." I thought that was a silly statement, then concluded
that otherwise I might have forgotten in my nervousness. As the door opened and
I walked out into the corridor, I felt more shame; mostly from the unknown - I
had no idea what to expect.




Chapter 2B

	I blushed each time someone passed. I couldn't help but notice
they all stared at me just like the Eridani's had back on Earth. As I
was walked down the hall, the stares were the last straw; the
humiliation overflowed again and I openly sobbed as we walked.
Mistress seemed to be concerned and said "Don't cry - You're
beautiful. You should be proud and display yourself. All those people
stare because they're fascinated by you and like looking at your
beautiful body." After going around a corner, she walked me over to a
window: 
	"I want to show you something. "We're just leaving your home
system. We're going slow, our scientists needed to survey some things
out here. Right now we're less than a light year from Earth. Somewhere
along this path, 130,000 years ago, one of our ships had an accident near
here."
She didn't say exactly what happened to the ship; I don't think anyone
ever knew. She pointed to a group of slow moving stars off to my left,
tracing a path where the ship had traveled. It had been enroute to
another star at a different angle away from the Eridani home planet,
and had gone off course after an unexpected failure. The crew had all
been in sleep chambers since the ship did not have a faster than light
drive, and the computer apparently failed to wake them until they got
close to Earth.
	
"It barely made it to your planet, and in the days of slower than
light travel, help never came. Besides its crew, it was carrying a
species we had engineered for a water world - 76% water and an average
temp of  65 degrees. For comparison, Earth is now 70% water and has a
mean temperature of 57 degrees. The ship's cargo was going to be used
to colonize and develop that world. They didn't need clothes because
they were engineered perfectly for their wet environment. Clothes are
just a silly hang-up of humans anyway, when off duty in my quarters I
rarely wear them. When the ship crashed, Earth was between ice ages
and had more water surface area and a higher temp then now. The pilots
thought it was OK. You humans evolved from the ones who survived the
ice age; unfortunately the ship's crew did not survive."
	
	Much of this went over my head, but I understood that
mutations occurred that made us humans what we are today, and that my
genes were very close to those of the original species. They were
giving me medicines and treatments to bring out all the original
genes. She said I didn't need clothes because soon they'd be
uncomfortable against my skin as it started naturally secreting
lubrications, meant to help me on waterworlds and protect from the
sun. After hearing this I thought no, it was because I was her prize
show dog, and what good is a show dog if you don't show him. I tingled
at the thought of me on a catwalk being led nude on a leash. As I
pondered my situation and watched the stars out the window, they
started moving faster, then suddenly blurred into lines.
	We then walked back towards the middle of the ship. I had
stopped crying, and no longer blushed whenever someone walked by.
Mistress massaged me firmly now in time to her strides. I had no
choice but to sensually glide along to her rhythm, letting her fingers
guide me like a leash. My nipples had gotten hard and swollen, people
started tweaking them or petting my pussy as they passed. I held my
head up, and stuck out my breasts as I walked. Despite myself, my
pussy poured out now, my juices running down my leg. When my arms
weren't hanging passively by my sides, I let my fingers run through my
sex, rubbing my juices all over myself, wherever I could reach - up
over my stomach, across my swollen breasts, on my arms. Mistress
smiled at me reassuringly, saying "Yes, Let everyone see how turned on
you are, how hot you are to be walked." I found that walking naked in
public was like jumping into a pool - once you're in the water, it
doesn't seem near as cold as you thought it'd be.
	We came to what I guess was a nurses station - a open area
where four corridors met. An enclosed desk area sat in the middle,
counters facing each one of the corridors. People were everywhere
here, at least six or eight nurses were at the station, some behind it
and others standing nearby talking to the nurses behind the counter.
Other crewmembers walked by all over, I was so overwhelmed by all the
people, I never really noticed most of them or their uniforms. My full
attention was on the nurses at the station.
	As we closed, I still strutted, my back arched, breasts out,
and ass firmly pushed back against Mistress's guiding hand. I decided
it seemed to be the way to walk from now on, as I felt gentle air
currents blow against my skin. Almost there, Mistress said "Come, I
want you to meet the other nurses." I blushed deep this time, I'd
never meet the nurses, not really even Mistress, they'd just treated
me like a family pet, to be washed and groomed, and had barely
acknowledged my presence. It felt humiliating again to be formally
introduced and have them see me like this.
	Mistress calmed me, giving me a strong pull. "It's OK,
everyone likes seeing you aroused, it means we did our job
conditioning you to your new role." She introduced me, telling me
their names. They didn't shake my hand or kiss me; they rubbed my
pussy, breasts, or under my chin, approvingly. Mistress tilted me a
bit as each held out a hand. I didn't know what to do with my limp
arms, so I crossed them behind me as I lovingly kissed and licked each
hand. I felt a breeze across both my holes, as Mistress pulled her
hand from me, and left me standing in the middle of the hall, empty
and open.
	Mistress told me "Wait here a minute, I've got some business
to take care off." It felt different to stand here alone, while
Mistress talked to the others. As I stood alone, I could feel the
ships vibrations through the soles of my bare feet. Before, on our
walk, I could only go where she wished. Now, I could take off running
if I wished, but where would I have gone? I didn't even know where to
find something to put on. I let out a sigh and resigned myself my
fate, I folded my arms across my back again, letting my hands rest on
the small of my back, just above my ass. I realized they could see all
of me, even my spasming ass hole, still clutching for Mistress's touch
and suddenly it seemed OK to be on display. I thought about the
swimming pool analogy again, the reasons I was afraid to be seen naked
in public seemed distant and I found it hard to remember them. I was
open and liberated, I had no secrets anymore, and I felt good.
	Mistress came back, I turned and presented my ass to her. I
spread my crack with my fingers, letting her thumb and fingers slip
reassuring back into me. I took off even before she was ready, I had
to be slapped several times on each check before I slowed and let her
set my rhythm. I marched with pride now, everyone accepted me, nude
and slick, so I decided that must be normal and OK. I knew my previous
inhibitions with nudity were about what I imagined people would say; I
recognized that here my unclothed body was accepted as normal, not
with surprise or shock.
	I felt at ease until we rounded another corner - and I saw
another human walking toward us. This one had clothes on! A blue
uniform and boots like the doctors and nurses! I didn't see the
insignia the others wore, but he had clothes and I didn't. This was
too much, the aliens hadn't known me in my previous life, for all I
knew, this was someone I'd meet before! My tears on my cheeks,
Mistress stopped me with a pull, and turned me towards him as he
approached. He said hello to Mistress as she introduced me telling me
his name was William. Still sobbing, I arched my still loosening
spine, hoping I could tilt my pelvic back enough that he couldn't see
my pussy easily.
	He just laughed, and reached his hand between my stretched
legs for my slit. I stood passively, nipples erect, as both their
hands massaged me. I couldn't help but return to my aroused state as
they talked, almost as if I wasn't there. Through my haze I heard him
say he had been a fourth year student at Duke Medical School when Homo
Sapiens Superior had landed. Tests indicated one of his ancestors had
been from one of the mutated pods, whatever that meant. Anyway, he had
the right genes and aptitudes to enter their academy in Science
Division, and was now finishing his training as a Junior Ensign on
this ship.
	With his hand still over my slit, his thumb massaging my clit,
he started asking Mistress questions about me. I could only stand
there, rocking on their fingers as they talked about me. Running her
other hand along the bumps of my spine, mistress said even though I'd
given her trouble at first, I'd adjusted quicker then any of the rest.
A shiver followed her hand up my spine, I was still getting used to
being intimately touched by others. It was pleasurable, and I found
myself wanting their touches, but I could still remember how private
Earth society was. As I slipped into thought again, I heard her say,
"Dawn was a closet exhibitionist, she just didn't known it; now she's
a complete exhibitionist." I guessed she was right as I teetered on
the edge of an orgasm while another crewman walked by, paying no mind
to my state.
	They continued talking, William asking about my treatments,
and my genes. Mistress answered, saying "Yes, she's one of the humans
whose gene mix is very close to the original drones." Hormones and
conditioning has gone very well; we only have a few minor adjustments
to make. I think I heard her say "We're going to see Doctor Talbert,
Chief Science Officer now, then we'll see; I've become fond of Dawn."
	I had to shake the cobwebs out of my head when he started
asking about my previous life. It seemed so long ago, even though I
thought I'd been here less than a week. He asked me all kinds of
questions: Where had I worked? What had I done? What did I think about
the Eridani's that came into the store? How I felt when I had gone out
with one of them. His questions made me feel good, he seemed
interested in how I felt, not just what had happened or what was
expected of me. Anyway, I didn't regret being taken away, I never
really liked my life before. Too many responsibilities and worries,
especially with work. Caught up with responding to his questions, I
forgot my nudity. 
	I got rigid again when he asked me about my mother, I couldn't
bear to have her see me like this. My dad had died of a heart attack
years ago, and I'd had a falling out with Mother soon after. I don't
think I'd seen her in five years. Mistress stroked me reassuringly,
saying "Relax, Most of Earth will be integrated soon. I can make sure
your mother is rejuvenated, then she'll be conditioned just like you.
She probably has the same genes, the important ones are maternal.
We'll find her, and you can swim and play all day together. There's no
need to fear, everything's different now."
	Forgetting about my mother, I wiggled seductively as he ran
his hand across my smooth pubes, up my slippery belly, and touched
each of my breasts. Nude, I found I could express so many subtle
emotions and feelings with body language. His hand still playing with
my rigid nipple, he turned to Mistress, saying "When you've finished
her conditioning, you'll have to let her sun with the others,
otherwise she'll burn too easily when we land. The sun is hotter than
Sol." 
	I just looked questioningly up at Mistress, she said "Don't
worry about it now, You'll see soon enough". Quickly she added, "After
your examination, I have a surprise for you." My pussy tingled as I
wondered what it might be. Leaving him behind, we quickly went down
that corridor, turned a corner, and entered another room. There seemed
to be so many corridors, I was helplessly lost.
	This one had a single white examination table near the center,
surrounded by instruments I didn't recognize. Small tables, their tops
covered with glowing lights, were scattered around the room. Similar
glowing panels, like the ones in the other room, covered all the
walls. Pushing me towards the table, Mistress said, "Welcome to
Genetic Science Lab 3. Just relax, We won't hurt you." The table was
table was taller, more suited to Mistress's 6' 1" height. She had to
propel me up onto it with her hand in my ass.
	This bed was flat and firm, I didn't sink down like on my bed.
She stretched me out prone, pulling my hands down by my sides, and
pulling up my head and my chin forced up on a chinrest. She massaged
my neck and spine until I felt looser than ever. It was starting to
feel natural to have my head up and my throat and mouth inline with my
spine. I lay there quietly while Mistress went over to a wall console.
	After a patient wait, the doctor came in. He smiled and came
over to the head of the table. Reaching out and rubbing my head, he
said "So I understand you're learning to like being aroused out with
people." I just sheepishly blushed and shook my head Yes, raising it
up off the table.  Mistress came back, and the doctor rubbed his hand
down my back, saying "Just relax, Don't be afraid. We need to run some
tests but they won't hurt."
	My body stretched out full length, he ran a probe like device
all over me. He attached something that looked like a slender dildo to
it , then pushed it into my mouth and prodded it all around, forcing
me to open wide. He put it in my pussy next. Mistress made me stretch
up, raising my ass, and arching my pelvis up, so he had complete
access. I gasped when it went up my ass- I felt full, it felt like it
went up to my tummy. 
	His examination frustrated me, he treated me professionally,
turning and examining me like I was a dog at the vets. He paid no
attention to my constant arousal. I was dying for any relief at all,
but he was completely serious. Mistress pulled over a cart with
electronic instruments over, and brought a long snakelike tube close
to my mouth. She said "OK, Dawn, He needs to insert a probe down your
throat."
	"I need you to relax your muscles and open wide."
	Grasping the probe, the doctor pushed it into my mouth. I
choked once, he pulled it out then carefully pushed it back down again
as I tried to relax. I think it went all the way to my stomach. He
left it there a few minutes, then smoothly pulled it out. They moved
the cart near my side and brought up two more slender probes. One went
up my pussy, and the other my ass. They both stroked me a bit while
they waited. No one rubbed my sex though. After the probes were
removed, they left me alone and went over to a console. I didn't know
what to do without a bed to force me into place, so I stretched out to
see how far I could go, feeling my bones crack a bit as I limbered up.
 
[ 
Chief Science Officer's Report - Exploration Cruiser Talkos Zee - 5th
Age, Date 34351:1056

	We are outbound from Earth, on route to colony Alatlantia on
Zeta Herculis II. We have 48 new water world conditioned work drones
picked up from Earth. Well they weren't ready to start with, their
genetic transformation will be complete when we reach Zeta Herculis
II. I plan on keeping four onboard, three females and one male,
especially the last one we received - Head Nurse Oktanawa has taken a
liking to her and has requested the drone be given to her and I have
decided to grant her request. We can use them for labor and
exploration work on water planets - we seem to have spent a lot of
time on them lately. We will keep that one and the one known as Tina,
I haven't decided about which ones will be the last two.
	The pickup of these drones is a bit unusual- we don't normally
disturb indigenous civilizations but this is a special case. We have
been monitoring Earth for centuries, and increased our observations
when they got to a technological level. We weren't responsible for
their reports of UFO's though - that was just their overactive
imaginations. It's quite impossible for their old style radar to
detect our ships except in very rare circumstances.
	One of our cruisers was in their system monitoring their space
probe launches when a routine scan indicated an artificial satellite
drifting on an erratic orbit within their system's Oort cloud.
Investigating, they detected an old faint Eridani distress call.
Puzzled, they bought it aboard. They were able to download its logs
and found that it came from the Life Transport Alexandria, presumed
lost and destroyed over 130,000 years ago. The beacon had been damaged
early on, and its signal too weak for long range detection. Search
vessels did not closely investigate the system since space travel was
so much slower then.
	Our civilization has risen and fallen countless times since
then, progressing to space travel at least three times (In our present
age, we have been in space 1000 years but until now we ignored many
nearby systems and preferred very long range probes into the rest of
the galaxy and beyond). We were able to find old records about their
cargo in the archives on Home world. Their cargo was a shipment of
work drones engineered for water worlds. Apparently they crashed on
the third planet in the nearby system, called Earth by its present-day
inhabitants. Unfortunately, the local food source did not provide the
necessary nutrients for the crew to survive.
	Our research indicated the drones managed to survive and drove
the native sentient species to extinction about 40,000 years ago.
Except for our home world, we have only found one other example of
more than one sentient species on a world. On that world, the two
races were on widely spaced continents, and are currently in the midst
of a war that threatens to destroy them both. I understand the Council
will vote soon on whether or not to intervene.
	On our world, our ancestors conquered the other developing
race millennia ago. Instead of driving them to extinction, they
enslaved them and put them to work. Careful treatment and a natural
submissive inclination resulted in our willing drones instead of slave
rebellions like the Earthlings have had. Since the humans are the
descendants of one of our drones variations, we have no moral problems
integrating them back in our society.
	The human's couldn't have known they came from off Earth; we
didn't even know until we found the beacon. Some of them seemed to
have suspicions, but that was mostly paranoia again. Without evidence
collected elsewhere than Earth, it is scientifically impossible to
prove. After all, almost all life in this corner of the galaxy shares
the same or very similar basic DNA structures. We think most of the
life supporting planets within this sector were seeded by an unknown
race between several million and several billion years ago, depending
on the planet. They seemed to have moved across interstellar space,
seeding worlds as they went. We know nothing about them, they left
little evidence behind. Maybe one day we will finally meet our
creators, our deepest exploration probes into the other arms of the
galaxy have found more and more recent sites that appear to have come
from them.
	After over thirty years of covert manipulation of their
society, we announced ourselves to them a year ago. Our plans to
integrate them have progressed quickly since. We expect Earth to be
openly within the Eridani Galactic Republic within five years with a
primary population of Eridani colonists and evolved humans. Already we
have brought their infrastructure up to par, and Eridani citizens
regularly appear on Earth.
	We quickly placed agents within hospitals and have been
gradually testing the genetics and aptitudes of all citizens admitted
to Hospitals since. Those applying for admission to our Academies have
been similarly tested. All those with sufficiently developed genetic
codes and aptitudes have been recommended for admission. Selected
testees, estimated at 30-40% of the population, matching the original
genetic pattern within 97.5 % are being transferred to facilities for
preparation as work drones. The remaining population will be left
alone to run the service and support sectors on Earth, as well as to
preserve some of their remaining primitive cultures. 
	We are still careful about  which humans we take for
conversion back into drones. Most we've taken so far have had no or
infrequent contact with friends or relatives. We have been able to
fabricate stories to account for most. This will no longer be a
problem once Earth's integration is complete. By the end of the five
year integration schedule, drones will be accepted as part of their
society. After all they aren't slaves quite like the humans had, some
members of society simply are less talented and more suited to manual
labor than others. We can't all be Captains and Officers after all.
The latest reports indicate that open integration should be possible
soon, acceptance of our ideas and removal of unnecessary attitudes is
going smoothly and ahead of schedule.
	The transformation of this batch has gone well. Most matching
the genetic criteria seem to have natural submissive, docility, and
exhibitionist tendencies which make their transitions easier. I am
just finished examining the last one, Head Nurse's favorite - a human
female called Dawn who was admitted to New York General Hospital with
appendicitis.  She showed a 99.85 % match to the original DNA so she
was transferred to us. Once we cured her appendicitis and a few
undetected problems, we started her adjustment with surprisingly few
problems.
	We have only had to sedate her once, when she first woke up
after her initial operation. Since then, we have relied on the
hormonal and other conditioning medicines, as well as careful
attention from the nurses to adjust her attitude. Unrecognized
psychological tendencies for exhibition and submissiveness have
likewise helped. She is a bit more intelligent than she thinks, so she
will make an ideal crewmember for water world exploration duties. Her
main problem with Earth society seems to have been an lack of a strong
dominant person to reassure her. I have also prescribed a reproductive
suppressant; we can't have little drones running around too soon.
	We are preparing to run her through the DNA sequencer- she has
only a few undesirable DNA strands, and is missing only one or two
parts of the original sequence. On a whim, I added a longer tongue and
a few other adjustments by Head Nurse Oktanawa's request. I did
nothing to her sex drive- she's already a horny little bitch, if I
find the time, I'll have to sample her myself. Once the sequencing is
complete, she will only have to stay in sickbay another week or so
while we monitor her condition and continue her oral dosages. Once
that is complete, she can use Head Nurse's quarters as her normal
sleeping area, unlike the other drones who will stay in a common area.
I will expect Oktanawa to complete her conditioning and training for
normal duties.
	Patient 2014 - Dawn - DNA alternation report, DNA changes
include functions lost during the evolution period on Earth plus
several new ones:
	Restoration of the original sweat glands for extended sun and
water exposure. A slimelike secretion protects her from a variety of
solar energies, as well as a variety of water conditions.
	Increased lung capacity - all ready high but should reach up
to an hour if she is careful.
	Changes to throat and digestive systems to allow swallowing of
live food for extended water stays.
	Metabolism adjustments to allow subject to survive a variety
of conditions - her metabolism and food intake will simply increase as
required. Without covering, subject should be withstand temperatures
down to 40 degrees in or out of water.
	Restoration of partial webbing on hands and feet.
	Alternation of muscle groups and nerve control to assist water
mobility.
	3 additional vertebrae, 1 in neck, two in spine again for
water mobility - legs slightly shortened to compensate.
	Enhanced preexisting limb and body flexibility. 
	Restored original instincts relating to water survival.
	Continued restoration and enhancement of senses.
	Extended length of patient's tongue - per H.N.O. request
	Mammary glands altered to allow nursing of Eridani children
	Other minor additions not listed
	Removal of DNA mutations not in original sample, including all
body hair.
	Body rejuvenation to approximately 18 years.

Most DNA changes should have carried throughout her system by the end
of the one week monitoring period.  She will experience a new growth
spurt as the changes carry through. Milk production will activate very
early after a pregnancy starts, or several days after being given
hormone capsules.  

End Science Officer's report
]

	I think I waited there close to half an hour while they talked
and worked at that console. I feel asleep so I'm really not sure. I
guess I was exhausted from whatever the hormone pills that had given
me was doing. Mistress came back and said they had a treatment I
required, then she would show me my surprise. I was tired of waiting,
but I was excited about what my surprise could be so I cooperated.
	She asked me to jump off the table and come with her. She lead
me through a sidedoor I'd missed before. We entered a room dominated
by a huge machine. It was taller than Mistress, six or so feet wide,
and deeper than I could tell. There was another patient table in front
with a hole in the machine behind it. Mistress told me "Jump up onto
the table and lie down like normal." Obediently I jumped up and
stretched out prone again.
	Almost before I got myself situated, the Doctor came in and
went to a console. He entered a few things into it. I heard a humming
within that tunnel, then my table started moving. It moved me through
the machine, and I tingled as I went through. This scared me, but
Mistress reassured me before I could even express my fear. I
recognized my fear as a certain smell coming from me, maybe Mistress
or the machine picked up on that.
	Before I knew it, my table had stopped moving and reversed
itself, returning me to where I started. Mistress told me "OK, that
wasn't so bad, now was it? You can get down now." Once I hopped back
up and stood in front of Mistress, she told me to go back and get back
on the other table. "We need to examine you one more time just to make
sure you are OK." 
	I walked back without waiting for Mistress, and got back on
the original table. They came back in, and Doctor got out his handheld
probe again. He talked to me this time as he moved it over me. He told
me "This is a medical recorder. It records biological data for later
research. Its setup is a bit difficult, but to use it you just touch
this button and run it over what you want to scan." 
	He told me soon they'd use me to scan things underwater, they
couldn't reach without difficulty. I took him at his word: Pushing
buttons and running something over objects I could do, but the rest
went over my head. Good thing he was the Doctor, and me just a simple
submissive slave. All this seemed a lot better than having to worry
about working at some Computer store. Mistress patted me on my butt,
and said "Okay, lets go see about your surprise.
	The examination over and eager to see what my surprise was,
Mistress walked me, nude as always, back into the hall, one naked and
horny five foot six human female padding next a much taller uniformed
Eridani. She didn't insert her fingers into me again, and I freely
walked next to her. I found myself walking on the balls of my feet,
almost as if I'd gotten used to Mistress walking me, her hand forcing
me up. As we passed crewmen, she teased me about what my special
surprise was. I tingled as I walked. I meet several more humans
wearing uniforms; they smiled at me like nothing was unusual. I think
I was over my self-consciousness now. I thought I saw one or too
humans naked like me far down corridors. Suddenly, we came to a door
leading into a large room. Mistress said, "This is one of our
recreation areas."
	She put her hand back between my plump checks, and her hand
back into my willing holes, not to control me, but simply to check if
I was still aroused. I paused, shifting my legs, so I could adjust to
her fingers in my slit again, then walked on. The room had lounge
chairs, and tables for many games. I saw at least one pool table, and
recognized many of the games running on panels on the walls as ones
from Earth. Mistress laughed and said, "One good thing about Earth,
you always had good video games. We made sure to leave the most
creative programmers writing games, but a few are working with our
control systems now." 
	There were several people here, some at the games on the wall,
others sitting or lying on the chairs. Two were playing pool. All of
the ones who looked up at me, I made sure to rock my pelvis back and
forth at them. Mistress lead me through another door, down a short
corridor, and into a huge room with a swimming pool. Pausing at the
door, she reached out with her free hand and turned on sun lights.
Firmly now, I guess she knew I liked it that way, she walked me to the
end of the deep end. 
	She said she'd reserved the room for us alone for two whole
hours, then pushed me in with the hand in my pussy. She manipulated me
just right as she let go so that I arced up in the air and dove
perfectly in. I always did take to the water like a fish. I reveled in
the feeling as I dove effortlessly to the bottom. I seemed to swim
even better now than before; I just glided effortless through the
water. I found I didn't need to use my arms, I could swim easily with
my torso and legs, pumping them like a dolphin. At least 15 minutes
later, I decided I ought to go up for air, and wondered where Mistress
was.
	Looking up from the bottom, I saw a shadow near the shallow
end. Suddenly getting an urge to try something new, I pumped my body
as hard as I could, shooting upwards at an angle to the surface. I
burst out of the water, flying briefly through the air, my hands tight
against my hips. In that brief instant, I saw Mistress walking, now
nude, towards me. Excited, I dove back down to the bottom, and a few
more long strokes brought me to the foot or so of water at the end.
	Lying splayed out with my head out of the water, and happily
waiting for Mistress to join me, I suddenly had the urge to finally
vocalize my feelings: "Mistress, Please come play with me. My pussy's
hot and wet." Mistress smiled and said "So you'd like to be mine,
little one?" I could only nod breathlessly as I fluttered my legs side
to side in the water. Grinning, she quickly walked over to the edge of
the deep zone, and dove in. I flipped myself over, and pumped my legs,
driving my body towards my Mistress.
	Several strong pumps and I was in the deep end, ten or twelve
feet of water above me. I saw Mistress's long, powerful and slim body
sitting against on the bottom against the back wall, her legs wide
open and waiting for me. Reaching out with her arms, she guided my
mouth to her smooth sex. I undulated in the water as I glued my mouth
firmly to her box, reaching my tongue in as far as it would go. Five
minutes later, Mistress rose to the surface with several waves of her
limbs; I stayed glued to her pussy, exploring its every corner and
driving her to repeated  climaxes. I accidentally discovered one of my
new capabilities when my mouth slipped from her pussy and water rushed
in. Instead of choking, I instinctively swallowed, allowing the water
to enter my stomach  like newborn babies do.
	Later, I don't know how much, Mistress reached for my head
with her strong arms and pulled me away from her sex and up to the
surface. Even though I was starting to run out of air, I did not wish
to go and ran my body firmly up hers as I moved up towards the
surface. Breathlessly gasping for air, I shook my head to get the
water from my eyes, and clinged to her. She held me close, our bodies
touching, my full breasts against her smaller ones. I rubbed my slit
against her, over her thigh, past her sex, and across her belly. Only
our kicking legs held us up, as we bobbed in the water; she allowed me
to take my pleasure against her as her hands rubbed me everywhere.
	Suddenly she pushed me away, and kicking herself off on the
side, she glided back to the shallow end. I recognized this new game,
and easily caught up with her, driving to the bottom, and coming up
from below, and rubbing my back across her belly. Flipping myself
over, I dove back to the bottom of the deep end, and waited for her to
catch up. She got to me, but not as quick. She rubbed against me, and
darted back to the shallow end. I caught her again, and drove myself
backwards into the deep part again. This time when she caught me, she
held me tight, and we both rose to the surface. She panted as she held
me close, obviously I could stay in the water much longer.
	Still together, a few kicks from my our legs, and we were in
the shallow end again. She sat in the shallow water with her back
against the wall. Clinging to her torso, I lay atop her, resting my
head against her shoulder and her breasts firmly against my
midsection. As I panted and heaved from my exertion, she asked me
questions like those William asked me, but somehow more personal: How
did I feel? Was I over my shame and humiliation? Did I miss my
clothes? Did I really want to be hers? Great! Yes! Not at all! I would
walk down Main St. in my home town nude and on display if I could
belong to her forever. I clinged tighter as she massaged me
everywhere.
	Slapping me once on my cheek, she propelled me up and over her
out of the pool, telling me I had to get back to the bed, I'd feel the
effects of my final treatment soon. She kissed me once on my slit as I
leapt over her head and onto the smooth floor. That single action had
more of an effect on me than anything else - it was the first time
Mistress kissed me anywhere. Padding across the floor towards the
door, I could see my wet and dripping reflection in a mirror I'd
missed. I liked what I saw: a glistening naked work drone ready to do
whatever her Mistress asked. I had more body fat now than I
remembered, but I was still slender and sleek. My swollen breasts with
their distended nipples and areolas bobbed with my every step, and I
could see my smooth pussy lips move and quiver with my new erotic
gait.




Chapter 3:

	Mistress walked me back to the sickbay room. She said soon I could sleep
in her room at the foot of her bed, but first they had to monitor my
transformation in sickbay. This time I felt no shame as passing crewmen gazed at
me; I could feel their appreciation and desire. I did not wonder what
differences there could be between the original drones and modern humans. I
would find out as I experienced it. They could turn me into a fish so long as I
got to sleep near Mistress.
	As we got closer, I noticed details I had overlooked earlier when I had
been caught up with my inhibitions, I was becoming more sensitive to my
surroundings; odors, sound and vibrations were as clear to me as sights. Free of
those inhibitions, I noticed details such as a blue strips along the walls
within the Medical Sections, and Yellow along corridors devoted to other
Sciences. It seemed cooler and less humid in the hallway, yet I did not feel
uncomfortable. I knew we were approaching sickbay by the smells emanating from
it. Coming to the nurse's station, they all greeted me, but not verbally, unless
they were busy or far away. Each nurse petted me on my sex, breasts, or some
other body part as I walked by. It seemed the proper way to be greeted and I
enjoyed their caresses.
	I saw diagrams on the wall at every corner, that obviously represented
sickbay. I could see the room I'd been in and two others just like it. Each one
had symbols indicating the beds. I knew now which way to go and walked ahead.
Coming to the door, and entering I saw Tina stretched out like I had been, her
face buried in a bowl. Bringing her greasy mouth up from her licking, she said
"You must have really had fun." Looking down at myself, I realized I smelled of
sex even more than before. Still the smell seemed normal, I didn't feel dirty.
Instead of speaking, I somehow exuded a scent that said "Mistress fucked me
good."
	Mistress came up behind me, lightly popping me on the ass, and said "Go
on, get on the bed. It's time to eat." Suddenly thinking about my body, I felt
flushed and queasy, it seemed I could feel myself changing and growing minute by
minute. I got up on it; stretching out prone, the bed adjusted to me again.
Lying down felt different, I didn't have to strain as much to keep my head up. I
think I was getting more limber already. Mistress brought me a bowl, and I
noisily joined Tina in slurping it down. A naked drone has no need of table
manners.
	Mistress moved behind me and massaged me again. I paid no attention to
her as I rooted in the bowl. She only used a little bit of lotion. My skin just
seemed to become sleek as she massaged, and gleamed in the light from overhead.
My skin seemed to secrete as required. In the water I'd felt slimy like a fish,
but had dried out as I walked back. After I finished eating, Mistress left,
turning on the sun lamp. Tina and I just lay there open and wordless, we both
smelled content and happy, we had no need to say more. Several hours later, all
the lights dimmed, and I slowly went to sleep. As I drifted off to sleep, I
wondered: would Tina belong to Mistress too? I liked her taste, and wanted her
to sleep on Mistress's floor with me, both of us entwined together.
	I spent most of the next several days on the sickbay bed; my body was
growing and changing, and I spent much of the time napping under the sunlamps.
Weird sensations ran through my body as I felt my torso lengthen. I was not
really in pain, but the feelings bothered me and I spent most of  my time
writhing and twisting -- trying to scratch my &#8216;itches'. Whenever anyone would
come into the room, I would beg them to massage me -- their hands made it feel
better. I noticed I didn't need to dip my hands in my wet pussy to moisten my
skin, my pores oozed something slightly thicker than sweat, and my body became
slick and smelled musky like suntan oil as I ran my hands across it. I still
rubbed my hands through my pussy, just because it felt good.
	I was lying there, sweaty and slippery, when the door suddenly opened.
Even though I had been halfway asleep, I didn't jump - I've gotten used to
strangers seeing me. My visitor was a crewman I hadn't seen before - wearing a
red uniform. Reaching to rub my pussy as he passed, he told me he was here to
fix a faulty circuit behind me and that he wouldn't bother me.
	I certainly wasn't bothered - actually I was hot and bothered, but a
visitor definitely didn't disturb me. Tina was spending more time out of the
room - she was a few days ahead of me, and I was getting bored. He went to the
black panel behind me, and removed it and the opaque panel under it then reached
for some circuit boards in his pack. I got a new shock when I looked behind to
watch him- I could see another room through the opening - filled with chairs
like a classroom. And I could smell Mistress and the scents of many people I
couldn't identify there.
	She had told me much about the ship, but wouldn't answer questions about
the black panels. She'd just smile and shrug. Obviously they had watched me from
the moment I got here. As I thought about it, in some bizarre way, instead of
shocking me more, it turned me on - not to mention I was horny anyway. Except
for the medical exams, no one had truly fucked me or stuck anything into me.
Mistress had gotten into a habit of regularly masturbating me or allowing me to
pleasure myself against her; but it just wasn't as satisfying as a good
animalistic doggy fuck.
	So I showed off to my visitor - I raised myself higher than ever, and
made sure he knew my skin wasn't the only thing slippery and sweaty. It thrilled
me even more to think about him doing me. He was a complete stranger, and if he
had've jumped up and humped my ass, I would have howled like a bitch wolf in
heat. I knew he knew what I was doing, he kept looking back at me, but he just
frustrated me more when he got ready to leave. Instead of getting up to fuck me,
he just reached out to stroke my pussy. I knew I had truly become a shameless
submissive naked creature when it took less than a half dozen strokes for him to
get me off.
	Mistress finally took me to meet the other drones after a few days. She
surprised me by firmly clamping her hand under my sex as we walked into the
hallway. I had completely forgotten about clothes, and Mistress rarely walked me
with her hand anymore. I had begun to wander the ship, freely accepting my
position; even thinking about meeting my mother again and that both of us lying
naked together did not bother me. No one paid any attention to me or my lack of
clothes except when I wandered too close to areas I wasn't supposed to go. Not
having to worry about what to wear before going out had become an amazing
liberating feeling.
	Mistress almost forced me down the hall, her hand sending pain/pleasure
stabbing up my spine. We walked out of sickbay and to a lift near the center of
the ship. Forcing me in, we went down a number of floors. Stopping on what must
have been only one or two decks from the bottom, Mistress walked me out onto a
hallway that seemed to stretch up and down the ship forever. I could barely see
each end, and saw doors on either side every forty or fifty feet. I realized the
ship must be huge - of course I'd never seen all of it or a plan except for the
diagram of sickbay.
	Mistress walked me down the hall, firmly again and to one of the doors.
Shifting her grip on me, and digging deeper into my holes, Mistress touched a
panel to open the door, and very firmly walked me in, forcing me to tilt my
pelvis forward and arch my back, bending my head and shoulders back up. Entering
the room I immediately felt ten or twelve pairs of eyes look up from me. Looking
around, I could see the room was huge - maybe forty feet square with a shallow
pool across the far end. The pool was two or three feet deep and raised up like
an old Earth above ground pool. There was a ledge around it wide enough for
several to lie side by side on, the only furniture in the room was a few
cushions near the walls.
	As everything sank in, I could see the eyes all belonged to naked drones
like me. They lounged all over the room, some lying on the cushions, others
floating in the pool or sunning themselves beside it, the rest lying on the
floor. They all had long, sleek, gleaming, hairless bodies - even the men with
their erect cocks and full balls had not a bit of hair except on their heads.
Gazing at all of them lying there, I realized how little humanity we had left.
We were primal creatures, every pore of our bodies screamed sex, submission, and
arousal.
	Mistress bent me forward as most of them started to rise and come
towards me. The pecking order of the group was obvious to me as they jostled for
position in the line to greet me. I knew I would be close to the bottom, and
would submit as Mistress bent me over and pulled my head up. I desperately
wanted to submit, allow my pent-up nature out and feel the freedom and security
that came from giving myself and my will  completely to others.
	The first too reach me was a male with an incredibly long cock. As he
stopped in front of my face he stroked my lithe body. Letting my hands dangle
helplessly, I opened wide, and took his member all the way to the hilt. I let it
move in and out of my throat as he swayed back and forth in front of me. After a
number of strokes he pulled out, and I sucked his balls into my mouth. Leaving
them, I licked as far under him as I could - he felt my tongue and turned
around, letting me taste and sniff his ass.
	Moving away too soon, he strolled to the pool and laid down, letting the
dominant female have her turn with me. As I extended my long neck, reaching for
her, she turned around and presented herself to me. It took no prompting for me
to bury my face in her wet sex to familiarize myself with her odor. As I licked,
others came close and began stroking and petting me all over. My tongue wandered
all over her, moving from her slick mound up to her puckered and crinkled anus.
Her smell, which would have repulsed me years ago, just urged me further into a
sex crazed animal existing only to please. 
	I slithered, wiggling from side to side, as the other sub-alpha drones
gathered close, touching both me and the alpha female all over. As I felt hands
rub my belly, my breasts, my back, over my long neck and my larynx, into my cunt
and ass hole, I kept my face on her sex until I brought her to a small orgasm.
Pulling away and leaving me to taste the others, she moved to lie beside the top
male. After I lost count of the bodies I'd kissed, Mistress pulled her hand from
me and slap-petted me towards the center of the room. The alpha pair beckoned
me, I was so aroused and randy, I dropped to my knees and crawled on my belly to
them.
	Reaching them, I extended myself prostrate in front of them, awaiting
their approval. The female - we needed no names, smell and taste identify each
of us better than names ever could, caressed my hair and face while the male
moved behind me. He grasped me by my hips, reminding me that anyone could master
me with a touch and that I would shamelessly do whatever they wished. Grabbing
my upper torso with his hands, and biting me on the neck, he roughly turned me
around like a horse to face the door.
	I saw Mistress and all of the nurses from sickbay standing there, their
eyes staring at me, watching me be taken like the bitch in heat that I was.
Pulling me up by my arms, he thrust into me with one long smooth stroke. I
started coming right then, thoughts of being fucked in public while surrounded
by other drones filled my mind. A primal scream escaped my lips as he savagely
pumped in and out of me. Sweat poured from me as I came again and again. He
fucked me forever; I spiraled higher and higher, as he fucked me beyond the
limits of my endurance, teaching me what it truly meant to be a submissive mount
forced to continue until my rider allowed me to rest.
	As he viciously came into me, and pulled out, I could only lie there
panting with exhaustion as Mistress and the other nurses smiled at me. I lay
there stretched out, arms at my sides gazing at my new Mistresses; primal
thoughts of sex and when they would allow me to have pups the only things
running through my mind. Unable to even twitch a muscle, I fell asleep to the
sounds of the other drones fucking in various combinations. I awoke in the
middle of the night to find my Mistresses gone and several other drones nudging
me, ready for another round.
	A pussy was forced into my face; recognizing it as belonging to the
alpha female, I covered it with my mouth, thrusting my tongue deep into it and
across her clit. I felt someone climbing atop my back, and I shifted, bending my
knees to allow him to control me and give him access to my sex. I felt his cock
stab towards my ass instead of my pussy; I just arched my back a bit more and
allowed him to sink it deep into my nether hole.
	I immediately knew the cock thrusting into me did not belong to the
Alpha male; it's owner did not drive with the same overpowering dominance. He
was not as demanding and allowed me some control of the urgency to our fuck. We
both wanted it to be a slow fuck that built to an intense orgasm. As I ran my
tongue up and down the pussy before me, I swiveled my hips as I bobbed under my
lover. Instinctively I was able to coordinate both actions simultaneously
driving both of them to the edge. 
	After endless time had passed and the female before me was screaming "No
More! No More! Make me Come!", I felt my own orgasm begin. As I redoubled my
efforts to bring them off, I reveled in the feeling of being the raw yielding
meat to this sandwich. I felt truly submissive, I would gladly lick her ass in
the mornings with my tongue, yet somehow my submissiveness gave me some raw
powerful feeling. I intensified my movements, clamping down on the cock in my
ass, and concentrated my tongue on the clit I felt in my mouth.
	I writhed on the floor in my orgasm, my mouth drinking the cum pouring
from the cunt in front of me, and my ass milking the cock inside it until there
was no more to give. They pulled away from me, unable to take any more. I
continued writhing on the floor - a naked endless fuck machine - while two more
came up to mount me. This continued on and on until finally my last two partners
and I fell asleep entwined together like pretzels glued together with our
juices.
	I slept until late in the morning, my only dreams of being savagely
fucked over and over, when Mistress came back to take me away. Mistress woke me
up, shaking my sticky body. As I shook the sleep from my eyes, it occurred to me
that I had no concerns about where I'd fallen asleep. I dove into the pool,
making a quick pass to the opposite side and back to cleanse some of the cum
from my body. Pulling my head out of the water at the front edge to look at
Mistress, I smelt the pungent odor of raw fish which she had brought with her.
It would have repulsed me before but somehow now it only make me realize how
hungry I was. 
	I knelt up at the edge of the pool, my body undulating against the
others. We moved as one body, each of us aware of the touch of naked bodies
against our own. Mistress and several other Eridani's threw the fish to us; we
bobbed like trained seals to catch all we could. I caught all I could with my
mouth, gulping them down whole until my taunt belly noticeably swelled. After we
were fed, Mistress walked me back to sickbay. I walked with a new swivel to my
hips, showing everyone my bulging full belly and freshly fucked sex.
	A day later, Mistress found a new way to strip me of more of my
humility, humanity and shame. She came and got me and took me across her lap
like a little girl about to be spanked. She reminded me how much stronger she is
in upper body strength as she laid me across her lap, stroking me like a puppy,
and spreading my checks. I felt an enema nozzle enter me and warm water start to
flow.
	I'd gotten used to them, I rarely had normal bowel movements - I was
usually flushed out, but it seemed weird to lie across Mistress while my tummy
filled up to overflowing. She kneaded and stretched me to keep me from cramping;
I kept expecting to feel it drain back out but that never came. When I thought I
was going to explode, Mistress said "OK, we've got to leave it in a while,
there's some medicine in it you've got to absorb."
	That statement sank into my brain with abstract horror, but I could only
lie there as Mistress brought out a butt plug  with some sort of rubber seal on
it and shoved it up my butt. I felt my anal muscles lock around it and no matter
how much my muscles pushed involuntarily, it wouldn't come out. I felt like I
was about to burst, the fluid stretched my body until I was uncomfortable and
sweating like a pig. 
	The water jostled against my insides when Mistress slapped me on my
asscheek to get off her lap, and stand up. Mistress walked to the door and
motioned for me to follow. It filled me with new horror to think about following
her out into the ship in my current state, but I just waddled out the door.
Looking down, I could see my belly looked like a balloon; I felt helpless and
weak. I desperately wanted to expel the fluid, even out in the hallway, but no
relief was in sight.
	Soon it became difficult for me to walk and Mistress had to guide me
with a hand clasped against my ass. I had gotten used to walking with a wider
stance-- I liked the feel of air against my bare pussy as well as displaying
myself, but now I really had to waddle as I felt the water slosh inside me.
Mistress would stop me every few minutes to massage my stomach from my pussy up
to my breasts. The massages eased my cramps, I just felt like a human balloon
floating along on the end of a rope. If not for her hand guiding me, I would've
just laid on the floor, unable to move. The other crewmembers took pity on me,
and some of them walked for short ways with us, touching and reassuring me as I
walked.
	She took a long path, I'm sure just for my sake, and finally we got to
another nurse's station, this one in the middle of a bunch of diagnostic rooms
and labs. On the grueling walk there, I'd forgotten about humiliation or shame a
long way back. All I could think about was the feelings coming from my belly.
They took over my entire existence, nothing else mattered as I stood whimpering
and crying at the discomfort.
	Mistress left me standing there for an unbearable time while she talked
and gossiped with the nurses. As I stood there on wobbly feet, I began moaning.
I'd discovered that passersby would be more likely to massage my belly before
going on if I moaned loud enough. The bloated feelings were so bad, I didn't
care where I was, and their hands made it better. I tried rubbing myself, but
after a while just let my arms stick out by my sides and let others rub me.
	Finally Mistress and one of the other nurses came back to me and lead me
down another hall. After not as long but still as torturous trip we came to
another lab. As I was shown into it, I hoped to find a toilet but no such luck.
They moved me to a circular frame in the middle of the room surrounded by
strange equipment. They stood me on a platform inside the frame, and closed bars
that crossed over parts of my body.
	One set locked my feet into place, and supported them firmly. Another
set came across my thighs just below my pelvis. My hands were locked into holes
in this bar. Another set came across my shoulders above my breasts, and extended
upwards and held my head bend backwards 90 degrees. All I could see was the
ceiling.
	Mistress stroked me to calm me a bit then the frame started rotating
forward. It moved, lifting me with it until I was prone, supported by the bars
with my torso open to the air on all sides. As soon as I was suspended prone in
midair, it rotated sideways until I faced the side wall of the room. I was left
hanging there a few minutes, then I saw and hear machinery move in to place
around me, and pass over my body.
	As I hung there, I could hear humming coming from the machine as it
passed over me. Mistress told me it was doing a detailed scan to make sure
everything was OK. Finally after ten minutes, the machine moved back out of the
way as I moaned loudly that my stomach hurt - I couldn't take any more. Mistress
told me I had to hold on a while longer.
	I managed to stay calm for a little while. Soon, though, I was twisting
and writhing within the frame as I moaned. It was frustrating to hang there
within the frame; no matter how much I squirmed I could not rub against anything
to relieve my discomfort. The frame supported me perfectly, but left my torso
hanging in midair. All I could do was endure the throbbing pain in my bondage.
Soon the ache in my belly grew until nothing else existed in my consciousness.
	Although the actual amount of discomfort stayed the same, like Chinese
water torture, it irritated my mind more and more. My moans grew louder and
louder. For the first time, I pleaded with Mistress, sobbing and babbling:
"Please! Please! Mistress! I can't stand it anymore! Please pull it out and let
me expel. Please!" All my remaining modesty was forgotten in my undeniable urge
to relieve my discomfort. My cries degenerated into incoherent meows. In my
distress, even the ability to talk was lost momentarily-- unless I concentrated,
all I could do was moan and whimper.
	Mistress came over in front of me, and I looked up pleadingly into her
eyes, my head bent back and my body still held rigid with my hands at my sides.
Mistress soothed me, telling me she'd allow my bowels to expel soon, but first
she teased me. I began crying, saying I'd do anything, I'd be her naked slave
forever if only she'd release my fluids. 
	She teased me more, saying "Really, what exactly would I do". The words
came out without thinking as I found my voice: "Yes, I'm a slave. I'm only a
naked pet. Eridani's are people. I'm just a naked pet to please my Mistress and
owner." I felt good to say what I'd been thinking for days. I realized I wanted
to think of myself as Mistress's pet; I wanted her to take care of me, to take
away the confusion and insecurity I felt before on Earth. Mistress reassured me,
telling me it would be OK, as the frame began rotating sideways again until my
feet faced the door.
	It then rotated upwards, raising me until I was on my feet again. It
continued moving, rolling me over onto back until I hung parallel to the ground
again, face up. Mistress moved beside me, petting my stomach and groin, as
something moved up under my behind. She reached under me, telling me to hold it
a few more minutes and grabbed the plug in my ass.
	My anus stretched even wider as she pulled, then I felt something like a
funnel push up and seal against my hole. Mistress massaged my sides and belly
very firmly now, telling me I could let go now. I practically exploded. I felt
more of my self-consciousness flee as I expelled the contents of my bowels. All
the previous times they'd flushed me out, it had been through a hose sticking
into me. This was like I was sitting on a toilet right in front of Mistress, and
it was another part of me that wasn't secret anymore.
	Mistress continued rubbing my tummy, as I felt like I was dumping my
entire insides. As she soothed me, I strained to reach her with my mouth - I
wanted to kiss her and show my gratitude. The funnel pulled away, then the frame
rotated again until I was upright again. Mistress moved behind me and washed my
entire backside, cleaning my anus for me. I arched my back to make sure she
could reach more easily.
	When she finished, the bars holding me in place moved away releasing me.
I felt weak and had to grab onto Mistress to keep from falling. She quickly
supported me between the legs with one hand, and steadied me with the other on
my hip. She walked me back to bed, telling me the whole way how good of a girl
I'd been. Mentally I translated 'girl' into 'drone' - I truly did not think of
myself as human anymore.
	Mistress helped me back up onto the bed, then gave me a bowl of some
soft of sweet smelling soup to drink. She said it would help me feel better. I
instinctively lapped it up with my tongue. As I drank it, Mistress pulled out
her clipboard computer and showed me the results of my scan, that completed
processing while we walked back. It looked sort of like a color X-ray, except it
showed my entire body, and parts could be removed to highlight what part of me
you wanted to see: Bones, organs, nerves, muscles, etc. She showed me the extra
vertebrae I now had, and how that made me more limber. She pointed out new
webbing between my fingers and toes and other things I can't remember. All the
changes confused me, but I liked my new body when she overlaid it with my old
one to show the differences.  

[ Head Nurse Oktanawa's private log:
	The enema really did have to stay in for the long walk to the Scan Lab;
the isotopes within the injection take time to circulate throughout her system.
Although I'm not normally cruel, the wait afterwards was not medically
necessary, but I'm found it serves as a final ordeal to remove the subject's
humanity. She'd not human anymore, she's now one of the drones she's descended
from, and the torture of waiting breaks those last few thin strands holding her
to humanity. It works pretty good, she reacted like a family pet to my
attentions on the way back to sickbay. I believe she suspects that she is
legally property that can be sold; soon I will tell her pedigree and ownership
papers will be transfered to my name and that she will legally be owned by
myself.
]
	After I had been in sickbay a week more, I spendt more and more time out
among the other drones or the crew. By then they let me move about on my own,
walking nude among the uniformed crew no longer bothered me much. I still kept
looking down at myself all the time-- acutely aware of my nudity, but it didn't
bother me to walk down a hall knowing I was bare for all to see. I became
familiar to many of the crew, and I felt like a little sister as they laughed
and played with me. I still had to sleep and rest most of the time in the
sickbay bed, but only at night and two or three hours after lunch. 
	I was lying bored on the bed, sunning under the lamps when Mistress came
in, holding something behind her back. Coming up to me, she said to raise my
head up high. Bringing her hands from behind herself, she showed me a thin black
collar made from an elastic plastic material. It was only 1/4 or 1/2 wide with a
single oval silver plate on the front. The plate had the first Eridani letters I
learned engraved on it, Mistress said it spelled my name; in the middle of it
was a small ring Mistress said was for a leash in case I ever misbehaved. 
	I shivered, grinning devilishly thinking of ways to be bad. She pulled
it down over my head, telling me I would sleep on the floor in her room that
night. I slept in her room most of the time after that; sometimes I just fall
asleep wherever I happened to be at night, but usually I sleep at the foot of my
Mistress's bed. The collar is the only thing I own, I've never taken it off, and
I've never wanted anything else except my Mistress. Actually it really belongs
to Mistress like me, I forget I can't own possessions, but I think of it as
mine. Thinking about it, I've had no belongings since I was brought her; they
took my clothes, of course, and even my jewelry. I never missed the jewelry,
after all my body is decoration enough. Strangely enough, I feel no need for
possessions, my needs are simple and I spend most of my free time fucking or
swimming. They placed a few mementos from my former life in the archives, I
visit there from time to time; I like to look at my old pictures then down over
my naked torso.
	I liked the feel of the thin collar around my neck. It's elasticity make
it fit tightly, yet not impede my breathing nor my flexibility. I felt it
against my neck always, and it reminds me to keep my head high. It is a symbol
that I am a not a person, but a drone/slave/pet, whatever you want to call it,
meant to be on display and willing at all times. Most of all, it reminds me- I
belong to Mistress. 
	The thought that I am one of Mistress's belongings leads me to the
realization that all Eridani's are my masters. They are such good masters. They
never raise their voices needlessly, nor punish me unnecessarily. If I disobey,
they do not punish me without cause, they want to know what happened and why--
then they give me the discipline I crave. I always know what to expect, and it
leaves me free of worries or hang-ups about my life. My concentration is so much
better. I used to jump, startled out of my wits, at loud noises or if someone
surprised me. Now I just glance up briefly at the disturbance and then go back
to what I was doing.
	For example, a few weeks after they released me from sickbay, and
allowed me more or less the run of the ship, I was on the floor in one of the
recreation areas, my head in a bowl, eating my supper. No one ever told me to
eat on the floor or even not to use my hands. The other drones simply eat
wherever, and it seems silly to use utensils - they're just another useless
trapping of my previous life.
	Anyway, I was kneeling on the floor, eagerly licking my bowl clean, when
someone came in behind me. I only looked up to see who it was, never taking my
mouth from the food. It was a male Eridani, he came up behind me and reached for
my pussy. Keeping my head down, I bobbed my ass to make sure he rubbed the right
spot. He irritated me when he dropped his overalls, and prepared to enter me.
I'm open and willing, but please wait 'til I've finished my supper! When he
inserted himself, I clamped down and gave him the ride of his life, undulating
like a fish, with my mouth still in the food. Dawn may not have the intelligence
to be an Officer, but Dawn is captain of this ride!
	He didn't last long, after all the Eridanis have better upper body
strength than me, but are no match for my leg and torso muscles. Later after I'd
finished eating, I crawled back to him and made up, leisurely sucking him off,
then treating him to a much longer and pleasant roller coaster ride. He's still
one of my favorite partners- I've fallen asleep on a recroom floor many times
after he was done with me, but he won't disturb my lunch again.
	That story pretty much described my life for those next week weeks after
getting out of the sickbay. I was an always ready nude sex slave. No demands
were placed on me except to always be aroused and ready for sex with anyone and
anything. In stark contrast to most Earth culture, I was conditioned to expect
and enjoy any phyical contact or petting by anyone I met. I spent most of my
time eating, resting, sunning myself, or fucking. Much of the time I was lying
prone sucking something while enjoying the sensation of a cock or tongue on my
sex. My partners were the other drones and whichever crewmembers were offduty; I
enjoyed them all.
	One morning Mistress found me, I think I had slept on the floor in a rec
room after being the focus of an orgy, and told me she had something to show me
and train me how to use. She brought a mass of black straps made out of the same
material as my collar with pieces of Velcro here and there. She ordered me to
come to her and started putting it on me: talking as she worked. She said it was
designed to let me carry tools without interfering with my natural functions as
well as provide a "saddle" on my upper back for a less capable swimmer to hang
onto when underwater.
	As she fitted it onto me, she explained how to put it on. The straps,
starting at the velcro patch on my back, tightly crossed over my shoulders and
between my breasts, leaving them firmly held but completely open. The straps
continued across my upper torso, under the opposite breast and back to vertical
straps down my sides that connected to the patch. Another pair of straps started
from those vertical ones and crossed just below my belly button, joining
together there with a small triangle of velcro.
	From there the straps separated again, and passed between my legs on
either side of my cleft, leaving it open. As soon as they passed between my
legs, they went up across my asscheeks to the straps down my sides, holding my
asscheeks open with their tension. Looking in the mirror, I could see that with
the harness on, my asscheeks were stretched open, and my anus and pussy were
even more obvious. From the front, my slit was very open, and from the back, you
could easily see my hairless asshole and my pussy if I tilted right. Another
thin strap connected those two coming up my asscheeks just above my ass to keep
them from slipping.
	The harness fitted tightly against me, squeezing me but yet moved with
me not interfering with any of my mobility or flexibility. Even though I could
bend as I wished, its elastic tension made me want to walk with my back arched
and head high like the proud beast I am. Mistress guided me out into the hallway
with her hand on my lower back. With the harness, which did not obscure any
vital area of my body, I felt more naked than ever; yet it irritated me, and
made me feel self-conscious. It seemed a reminder that I did not miss wearing
clothes.
	After a few minutes of walking, it became as natural was walking naked;
no one treated me any differently than if I were completely naked. Still I
disliked feeling it against my bare skin. Soon, I got excited when I realized we
were going to one of the recreation areas with a very large pool. As we walked
in, Mistress retrieved from a cabinet a narrow canister with a single strap and
a thin tube coming from the canister. She stripped down, then placed the
canister around her waist, inserting the end of the tube into her nose. She
ordered me into the water, then dive in after me.
	I easily drove all the way to the bottom, and twisted around waiting for
her. She dove after me, signaling with a motion of her hand that I was not to
get so far ahead of her. She caught up with me and moved behind me, grasping my
shoulders and attaching a line from her belt to the patch on my back. She
straddled my shoulders, placing her legs at my sides. She nudged me to start
swimming, digging her toes into my belly to indicate the direction I was to go.
She grasped my breasts with her hands, and expressed her displeasure by pinching
them whenever I did not learn her signals and commands fast enough.
	I swam effortlessly, almost unaware of the extra weight I carried on my
shoulders. She pushed me to the limits of my endurance, we did not come up for
air for close to a half hour. Even with the exertion of carrying Mistress, my
new body could easily swim that long on one lungful of air.
	Finally we broke the surface, and I saw another Eridani standing there
watching us in the water. Mistress unclipped her line from me, and kicked to the
side while the other woman dove in. This other Eridani motioned for me to come
to her. After looking at Mistress I hestitately swam to her, confused. She did
the same thing Mistress did, clinging to my back except she did not have a air
bottle. I learned to allow myself to be ridden in the water by whomever was
there with me, and when to swiftly swim back up when my rider needed more air. I
even learned than in an emergency, I could do give her some of mine and still
make it back up to the surface.
	After some more exercises, they both played with me for a while, and let
me pleasure them both. Finally Mistress ordered me out of the water, and back to
her quarters. As soon as I left the pool, I shrugged out of the harness leaving
it there on the floor for Mistress to pick up. A hollow quiet voice in the back
of my head said I should pick it up, but the new Dawn had no concern for objects
and ignored that voice.
	Without waiting for Mistress, I started back to her quarters; by now I
knew how to find my way around the recreation areas very well. Looking behind
me, I saw Mistress and the other Eridani following-- while talking and laughing.
I was surprised to see them still nude. They caught up with me, and walked on
either side of me. They  stopped from time to time and 'held hands' by grasping
my sex, and intertwining their fingers. As we walked, they crossed their hands
behind my back. The feel of their fingers massaging my lower back made me feel
wanted as I walked between them.
	We came to Mistress's quarters and entered, the two of them still
laughing and giggling as they talked. They walked over to the kitchen area,
talking about what to eat for supper. I looked expectantly at them, hoping to be
fed, but Mistress only ordered me down on the floor. They ordered Earth chinese
food and beer from the food dispenser and took it over to the table. I looked up
at them eagerly again, still hoping to be fed. They just  admonished me, telling
me to wait, so I curled up in a ball and contented myself by licking my pussy
and ass clean. They gave me a very flexible spine and a long tongue, Remember?
	I saw a different side of Mistress as I watched them eat. They were
still laughing, while talking about how much they liked Chinese food from Earth.
They had ordered chopsticks from the dispenser, and each fed the other more than
herself as they sampled each other's dishes. Of course they dropped their food
often as they tried to figure out how to use chop sticks. Some of it fell onto
breasts or bellies, and they cleaned food off the other with their mouths and
fingers, lingering to sample other tastes.
	Soon their hunger seemed saited, and they used the remants of supper on
each other. They would pour their drinks on each other's bellies, then lick it
up. Sauce from the meal got smeared on breasts, then loving licked off. Pieces
of meat and vegatables were stuffed into each other's pussy, and then literally
eaten out. Mistress's friend was lying splayed out in a chair, her legs wide
with Mistress between them, when Mistress suddenly looked up and brightly said
she had a great idea. I wondered what she had in mind as I was beginning to feel
left out.
	Mistress got up from between her friend's legs and walked over to the
food dispenser, telling her friend to lie down on the floor. My ears pricked up
when I smelled the food Mistress ordered from the dispenser-- one of my
favorites. Along with the food, she got a plastic object which I didn't
recognize. It looked like a bowl, but it didn't have a bottom, and was warped
backwards into a U shape and came to a point on either end. Picking up the plate
of food and the plastic object, Mistress walked back over to the table and put
the food down. She knelt down between the legs of her friend, who by now had
laid down on the floor, with the object still in her hand. Her friend smiled
when she saw what Mistress had and spread her legs even wider as Mistress placed
it over her friend's pussy.
	It fit perfectly against her sex, one end just above her clit, and the
other just below her asshole. I began to get excited as I realized what was
going on; Mistress ordered me to bring some pillows as she reached for the food.
She took the pillows I brought and placed them under her friends ass, raising it
higher than her upper body. Her friend was then literally stuffed with food from
the plate, and more was placed inside the dish around her pussy until I could no
longer see her shaved slit.
	I thought this was a novel idea, and it took no prompting for me to dig
in with my tongue. Soon all the food was gone, even the pieces stuffed inside. I
continued lapping even when it was all gone, "just to make sure I licked the
dish clean", and Mistress's friend just lay there flat on her back and legs wide
quivering and moaning. After she started begging me to stop, Mistress grabbed
the dish, shouting "My turn!" as her friend just curled up into a ball on her
side, still moaning and writhing.
	Still laughing, and obviously feeling the Chinese beer, Mistress sat
down  with her legs wide and fitted the bowl over her sex. She then laid back,
while telling me I'd have to "fill the bowl myself" as her friend was obviously
still incapacitated. Still a bit hunger and always ready to taste my Mistress's
juices, I shoveled the remaining meal into and over Mistress's upturned pussy. I
dug in and didn't let go even when Mistress shouted for me to stop. Her friend,
who had recovered somewhat, had to spank me hard before my mouth was unglued.
	Mistress's friend sort of fell against me after pulling me from
Mistress, and Mistress joined us after a bit and we just lay there in a tangled
pile resting. Suddenly Mistress's friend sat up, announcing that "I'm still
hungry!" Mistress extracted herself from our pile after responding with "I have
a idea...Desert!" She went over to the dispenser again, and ordered a tray full
of all sorts of chocolates, creams and other ingredients. I was directed to lie
flat on my back with legs wide again while the two of them crouched over me.
	They ordered me to stay still while COLD ice cream was heaped between my
breasts and down my stomach. Peeled bananas were shoved up my already juicy
cunt. More freezing ice cream followed along with plenty of hot chocolate syrup
squirted from above my breasts down to my pussy. Needless to say, I was
squirming despite my orders from the sensations. I giggled as they worked, and
dropped or squirted tasty morsels into my mouth occasionally. Last but not
least, whip cream topped it all.
	Standing up and stretching, Mistress grinned and declared "There! How do
you like my creation?" A free for all ensued as they raced to devour all the
goodies covering me. I shivered as I felt their tongues lapping at all my
sensitive parts as they sought to get every last bit. Soon I was quivering,
unable to summon the energy to move a little bit, as their two tongues drove me
over the edge into one orgasm after another.
	As I quivered from the echos of my orgasms, Mistress stood up again,
cupping her cunt, and giggling that "Oops! I think I had too much to drink. I'll
be right back." Her friend answered "Why find a bathroom? Let's see how devoted
your slave is." Mistress looked questioningly at me with an expression that told
me she would let me make the choice. I answered by rolling over onto my stomach,
rising to my knees, and crawling over to her. Kneeling up, I planted my mouth
over her sex, and my arms hanging limp at my sides. I gently sucked until I
heard her sigh and let go. I found it tasted better than I had imagined as I
swallowed. When she finished, I licked her clean.
	My new habits are hard to break, I would have knelt there all night,
licking my Mistresses pussy if her friend had not pulled me away by the hair to
service her. Without question, I placed my mouth over her peehole, looking up at
her and waiting for her to let go. After I had washed her pussy, it was still
stick from my supper, they walked over and sat down on a couch. I happily laid
down in front of it for them to rest their feet.
	They talked for hours while I was content to just lie there letting my
meal digest. I heard my name from time to time as they giggled and laughed,
gossiping like school children. Finally, they decided it was time for bed, and
Mistress insisted that her friend stay here with us tonight. I fell asleep prone
on the floor of the bedroom almost at once as they continued to coo and murmur
to each other as they cuddled in the bed.
	The training sessions continued for the next week or so. Sometimes
Mistress was there, unless she had other duties; a variety of other crew members
trained me also. I became used to being directed by any crewmember. A lot of the
time I was treated like an underwater horse, but on other occasions they trained
me to work on my own - especially in conditions the Eridani's couldn't stand.
They put me in a special chamber that increased the water pressure so I'd be
able to dive several hundred feet down. I learned how to safely return to the
surface. Eridani crew members went in with me once, so I'd know how far down
they could safely go. Of course I liked being ridden the best.	
	We finally landed on the water world colony - actually we just kind of
hovered high above the surface and shuttles carried things and people to the
surface. I watched us descend - it looked nothing like Earth, the entire planet
was water! I could see islands everywhere, but only a few small continents.
Mistress watched the other drones leave along with Tina, the other two who were
staying and myself. All four of us had similar collars adorning our long necks,
they weren't all the same - I guess their masters choose what they liked.
	As we watched the departing drones herded onto shuttles, I noticed they
did not wear collars like mine. Instead they wore thick metal ones with a small
computer panel. All of them held their heads high, and wore the same harnesses
I'd worn in the water. I noticed many erect cocks and wet pussies, even though
none of us were ever told we had to keep aroused. The females all stood and
walked with wide stances; the males even wider as their cocks and balls swung
freely between their widespread legs. I think they were all excited about
finding out who their new masters or mistresses would be. We had all been told
the Eridanis would never harm us, but they didn't tell any of us what to expect
either.
	As we watched, Mistress rubbing both Tina and me, she told us about the
collars. She told us the collars had a small computer that held all genetic,
pedigree, and medical information on each drone. Also it would translate speech
so each drone would understand, as well as teach the drone the local language
while translating. She had never told me one way or the other, but I was sure
they considered us property. I know it wouldn't go over with the old feminists,
but being property excites me. Mistress tells me what to do - she's never told
me to do anything I've actually disliked, and she feeds, pets, and takes care of
me. As they closed the back of the shuttle and it left with its cargo of drones,
Mistress said we'd go down soon to visit for a while. During our walk back from
the shuttle bay, she told me I'd like swimming down there, and that I'd find
some tasty fish to catch and eat. Of course, I'd have to earn my keep during our
visit planetside, but she said I wouldn't find the work too difficult.




Chapter 4:

That night in Mistress's quarters, I realized I was completely at ease with my
state, completely over all my past problems, and that I never wanted to go back
to before. I was lying crouched  on the floor in Mistress's bedroom, my knees
pulled up close and my ass high in the air - my favorite come fuck me position.
I suddenly realized I had laid down so my ass was to the door, and anyone coming
in could see all of me. Some part of me wanted to be on display, of course, but
I hadn't thought about my posture. I had just laid down in a way that felt
comfortable to me, and had never given it a second thought.
	Mistress came in after a while, undressed, and sat down on her bed- then
proceeded to play with me, running her feet all over me and tickling me with her
toes. Before she walked in, I had just been lying there daydreaming. All my past
insecurities were gone, vanished into thin air. I realize all the old feminists
would not agree, but it felt good to be Mistress's pet. I did not have to decide
what to wear into the mornings, or worry about getting ready; when I awake I
simply get up and walk out. I never take baths any more, I might jump into the
pool, but I don't actually bathe - my normal body smells seem natural and I
rarely think about it. Like a puppy, Mistress or someone will put me on my hands
and knees and scrub me whenever necessary. Likewise she brushes my teeth, and I
know I needed someone to take care of me and discipline me.

	As I laid there giggling under Mistress's touch, she said she wanted to
tell me some stories about her people and my ancestors - she mentioned something
she'd show me afterwards. She started talking, almost as if I wasn't there,
rubbing my back with her foot from time to time. I lay there listening, pawing
at her whenever her foot slowed too much or missed a spot.
	"We are an old race- we had existed more than 200,000 years
 	when the transport ship crash-landed on your planet 130,000
	years ago. At that time we had traveled the stars for 500
 	years, and we brought your race with us. Two intelligent races
 	had evolved on our greenhouse home world, one somewhat slower
 	than the other. In all worlds with  more than one sentient
 	race we have found, except ours, the lesser race was driven to
 	extinction. Even on Earth, you drove Homo Sapiens
	Neanderthalis to extinction, as you struggled to survive. On
 	ours, both mine and your ancestors, home world it was
 	different. Both came from the same distant monkeylike animal
 	far in our pasts. Distance separated us before we both evolved
 	into sentient beings.
	My ancestors found themselves on a northern continent, and
 	yours on a relatively close by one at our equator. Mine
 	advanced quicker, and started expanding over the globe.
 	Eventually we discovered your species living and fighting each
 	other on the nearby continent. When we found you, having been
 	a calmer, albeit more advanced, race than yours, we quickly
 	developed more advanced weapons and conquered yours. Instead
 	of driving your race to extinction, we enslaved them and made
 	them our pets. Actually we didn't consider it slavery, even
 	though your race was more capable than you give yourself
 	credit, we were had advanced much more quickly and thought no
	more about the concept of Eridani Superior owning 'Homo
 	Sapiens Sapiens' than you do dogs and cats.
	Even though it was never really necessary, we made laws
 	governing the ownership, allowed treatment, and expectations
 	of your species. Unlike some of your past slaveowners, we
 	always considered your race as valued members of our
 	households - you raised our children, and we loved your
 	ancestors like our own family. We were an orderly people, and
	the laws formalized things and removed the remote possibility
 	of abuse.
		These laws controlled the sale and transfer of your
 	species, and made sure your owners took proper care of you.
 	Even though we like to put you on display from time to time - 	
	just to make sure you remember your place, we rarely had slave
 	auction blocks like you did in Earth's slave eras.
	Instead it was more like an arranged marriage. Each drone's
	children would be raised in their Master and Mistress's
	household just like another child. Actually your distant 
	ancestors probably raised both their children and their
 	owner's children simultaneously. When each of your children 
	reached maturity, at 12 to 15 years, prospective Eridani's
 	would come to examine them, and when we choose 
	an appropriate owner, the transfer papers would be drawn up.
		Your ancestor's wishes were kept in mind, most often,
 	the Eridani best liked by the drone's parents or the child
 	ready for transfer would become the new owner. The child would 
	not be given to someone who wouldn't take care of him, and the
 	law provided for his protection, both during the transfer and
	after. The Eridani would be required to take care and provide
 	for the drone, as if he were one of his own children. The law
 	set guidelines for what the drone should do in exchange, and
 	made sure the drone was never asked to do work either extreme
 	or beyond his capability- not that an Eridani would ever ask
 	those things from his drone.
		While your ancestors were struggling to survive on
 	Earth, our civilization having presumed the transport they
 	arrived on lost, we continued expanding across this corner of
 	the galaxy. In the past 130,000 years we didn't evolve as much
 	as might have been expected. We advanced far technologically
 	from then,  but had our ups and downs. We went from an
 	Galactic Empire then to the Council run Republic of Planets
 	currently in power; multiple times we lost the ability to
 	travel in space, but our civilization returned to space each
 	time more advanced than the last. We went through our chaotic
 	periods, but never like yours. Throughout all of our 
	spacefaring history we brought your relatives with us.
		From the very start - without our calming influence,
 	your race was very warlike and violent. You always fought -
 	with neighboring races, our race far in prehistory, Homo 
	Sapiens Neanderthalis on Earth 40,000 years ago, each other if
 	no one else was available. We discovered you on Earth 
	millennia ago, but left you alone when we thought you were an 
	indigenous race. We aren't totally unfeeling, we don't
 	normally go around assimilating sentient races. Usually we 
	wait until they have gotten around to interstellar travel then
 	offer them membership in the Galactic Council.
		We only experiment with genetic manipulation of other 
	species on our home world, and carefully within guidelines. We
 	do alter a subject's makeup to match his required duties, but 
	we do not make changes cruelly or thoughtlessly. Alien races
	we leave alone; we study them, but do not interfere unless
 	absolutely necessary. We had watched you ever since we 
	discovered you, 	stepping up our surveillance when you 
	reached your technological period. Some years ago one of 
	our cruisers was in your system when they found an old style 
	distress beacon. Recognizing it as one of our own, the Captain
 	brought it aboard and discovered its origins. From it we 
	discovered that you had evolved from an early water world 
	adapted series of drones, and the decision was made to move
 	in. Your global turmoil only encouraged our haste.
		The rest you know part of: we made extensive plans to 
	bring you home. While bringing in new technologies and solving
 	your planets problems, we tested all hospital patients. Those 
	qualified were offered chances to go to our Space Academies.
 	All those like you received the same treatment- almost all
	needed strong guidance. A certain percentage will be left on 
	planet to continue running its service and support networks.
 	Another percentage, various primitive tribes will be left 
	alone for historical reasons.
 	Those in your prisons will receive just but harsh punishments 
	-- they will get genetic alternations for the lowest labor,
 	judgment we would only give with extensive discussion first.
		Up until now, all was done subtlety, we worked 
	carefully to avoid unneeded uprisings. We choose recipients
	cautiously to avoid suspicion. Our plans continue, soon we 
	will move openly until Earth is completely integrated. Most of
 	the drones from Earth will go to colony worlds to perform
	duties that the colonists are not equipped for. A few will 
	stay on starships like you.
		I have a special duty for you: besides helping us 
	explore wet environments, you will  attend to my personal
	needs. I will kept you by my side whenever you have no other
 	duties, and I expect you to help me find and attract an
	appropriate mate - yes, like you we sometimes neglect finding 
	someone in favor of work. Once I have a mate- you will nurse 
	and raise my children as if they were your own. For this, I
 	will always make sure you are taken care of and loved."

	I stirred as Mistress finished talking: I had stilled completely as she
told her story, I hadn't even bothered to try to get her to continue rubbing. I
had been listening intently, ignoring all else. I had completely accepted my new
role, and had no regrets about my past life. Some feminists or other activists
might consider being a naked slave/pet to another being an outrage, but to me it
had a strange calming effect. I was taken care of and I had no worries - I knew
what was expected of me, and felt complete love and devotion to Mistress.
Hearing the explanation of all that had happened just reassured me.
	As I lay there, patiently looking up at Mistress, she got up, now nude
as me, and walked to her desk. She retrieved a rolled up paper she had dropped
there when she had come in. Walking back to her bed, she sat down and indicated
for me to get up and sit in her lap. As I settled down onto her leg, straddling
it and my pussy against her leg, she unrolled the paper. She held it out,
showing it to me: I could see it was written in Eridani - of course I couldn't
read it, but I did recognize the Eridani letters for my name.
	Mistress told me it was a copy of my legal ownership papers, just
finalized on Eridani. Before she even unrolled it, I knew what it was, her talk
pretty much said it. Mistress pulled over a terminal next to the bed, and pulled
the same document up on its screen. She touched the screen, and all the letters
transformed into English. She turned it so I could see it better, it read in
part:
		This document was drafted in the Eridani Capital City Court and
is legal throughout the Eridani Council of Worlds. Dawn Taylor, of the species
Homo Sapiens Amphibiacus, is hereby	considered to be a drone - actually it said
an Eridani word referring to the 2nd sentient species on Eridani that has a
meaning sort of in-between animal and human but that doesn't translate well-
legally	throughout the Council World and Ships. As such, the creature known as
Dawn Taylor is subject to all laws and regulations pertaining to drones and has
no rights of her own except those stated here or in relevant laws.

    This document also hereby designates Dawn Taylor as the property of  Nikita
Oktanawa.  Ownership of the afore mentioned creature cannot be transferred without
due process of law, and the notification of this office. Further, Nikita Oktanawa
is bound by all laws regarding the upkeep and treatment of this creature. Death or
mistreatment of the said creature will result in the punishment of the stated
owner as required by law if stated owner is found negligent.

    As a mere drone, the afore mentioned stated creature is not responsible for
its own actions.  Nikita Oktanawa must take full responsibility and is further
responsible for any required discipline	of said creature. Said creature is
required to perform, without question, any reasonable duties required in return
for Nikita Oktanawa supporting said creature. Nikita Oktanawa, or other Eridani
citizens are authorized to perform any discipline necessary, provided their
actions do not violate the referred to laws.

						Authorized Signature
						
						Capital City Clerk of Court
	
	I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter as I sat their on
Mistress's knee reading the document. I had to reread it several times before it
completely sank in. It only affirmed what I already knew and wanted: I was not a
person anymore, I only thought of Eridani's as people by then, I belonged to
Mistress, She would take care of me, and I would do whatever was necessary to
please her. I know many people would not understand, but I hadn't had a very
happy life, and here I knew what was expected and that I would be taken care of.
	Stroking my back, Mistress asked me to talk to her, tell her how I felt
now, if it pleased me: I could only nod my head, as I slid off her knee and
knelt onto the floor. Turning around, I answered her by nuzzling my head
in-between her legs and finding her pussy with my mouth. I knelt at least
fifteen minutes, exploring every inch of Mistress's sex and ass hole, until she
screamed "No More! No More!" She pulled me up on top of her, kissing me full on
the mouth. I felt strange lying atop of Mistress while she kissed me; thinking,
I realized it was because it made me feel equal to Mistress. Mistress showing me
affection did not bother me, but I wanted to feel subservient.
	Suddenly pushing me back onto the floor, Mistress told me "Come let's
wash you and you can sleep on the bed with me." I followed Mistress as she
walked, bare as me, out into the hall and down to a recreation area. The few
crewmen walking by paid no undue attention to Mistress walking undressed in the
hall. Mistress  has a small personal shower area, but the recreation room has a
larger shower, and Mistress knows I like being bathed in public areas on the
ship. Sometimes I can't believe I've come from a woman afraid to take her
clothes off in private to one who loves being an shameless exhibitionist. I had
time to think as I walked; aware that I strode with my thighs wide so my pussy
lips hung free. The feel of a  breeze across my bare cleft felt good.
	When we walked into the rec. room, one of the junior nurses was curled
up nude on a sofa reading a book. I still couldn't get used to seeing Eridani's
nude when they were off duty, nor believe they still used paper books with as
advanced a civilization as they had.  I guess some things just don't go out of
style. When Mistress saw her, she loudly proclaimed, just so everyone on that
deck knew, "It's time to wash my pet, Want to help?" Grinning, she left the book
on the sofa and followed us into the shower.
	I got down on my hands and knees on the smooth floor ready to be washed.
I didn't need to kneel - the shower had eight or ten shower heads on the walls,
but it seemed more appropriate to be washed on my knees. They first told me to
pee - I've learned to hold it three or four hours, and  not go until someone
orders me to. Its different if I'm in the water, then I just let it go as it
comes. I relaxed and felt it flow, I don't think I'd gone since my afternoon
swim. When I was finished, they stuck a hose up my ass just like Mistress did to
me the first day I was here.
	As I knelt there, feeling myself fill, I busied myself by burying my
nose in pussy - licking whichever one I could reach. I'm not really a lesbian,
and I never would have done this before: being subservient and submissive like
me, it only seems a natural way to thank them. They let me fill up more than I
had taken before, then when I emptied, hosed me down good with a shower nozzle.
They then soaped me up all over and proceeded to scrub me everywhere. They made
me kneel there while they did all the work, not that I would have tried - I like
sitting still while someone washes me.
	As they scrubbed me, they talked as if I wasn't even there. I guess
Mistress forgot to turn off her translator, or perhaps she wanted me to overhear
so it would be even more apparent that I was just an animal with no decision
making of its own that existed only for its Mistress. Once it would have really
bothered to hear them talking about me, but somehow it only made me want even
more to be a simple dumb animal to be lead around on a leash.
	Anyway, as I knelt there feeling their fingers scrub into private
corners I didn't even know I had, they talked about me:
	[		
	Mistress: "Homeworld transmitted the ownership papers today, and she's
been registered with the Drone Pedigree Society."
	Nurse: "Good! Maybe she'll help attract you a man, What hot blooded male
would turn down an offer to	fuck this horny bitch all the time and sleep
with you each night!"

    "So when are you going to turn off her pregnancy inhibitors
and let her have pups?"
	Mistress: "Maybe when this trip is over after we finish our layover back
on Home world. I don't want to 
		purchase a male - its too crowded in my quarters already, I
think I'll take her to the stud service 
		on ____ IV. I bet Dawn will really get off on being fucked in an
arena while several thousand
		Eridani's watch."
	Nurse:    "I hear Earth has progressed farther in its assimulation than
expected. Eventually they'll
		just announce the names of those who qualify, and strip them
down in public, start their
		processing, and load them onto transports. Earth is almost over
their nudity hang-up, and
		drones will soon be paraded around openly. Everyone thinks
watching new drones get 
		rounded up and striped will be the next great new spectator
sport."
	Mistress: "Yes. I think Dawn's mother will be processed in one of those
new batches. I'm thinking about 
		buying her too, it doesn't seem right to let them go to
different homes."
	]
	Meeting my mother again or our past problems didn't seem to bother me
anymore. The past or future does not worry me now. Our differences in the past
were no longer concerned me - we would just lie side by side as two naked
drones. Thoughts of lying, nursing babies, while next to mother seemed to have
an effect on me too.
	They pushed my head away and spanked me whenever I tried kissing them
anywhere - they said to let them finish washing me, there're be plenty of time
for fun soon. Still, my bath didn't seem quite as professional as when I had
been in sickbay - they spent a whole lot of time washing my breasts, pussy, and
crack. It's good I have no secrets about myself anymore, they found things even
I didn't know about myself as they scrubbed me. After they'd scrubbed me far
more than I thought I needed, and I'd felt all four hands up all my orifices,
they rinsed me. I'd gotten used to the feel of hands on my bare skin and
genitals and found myself shamelessly looking forward to being touched no matter
where I am.
	The junior nurse got down on her hands and knees in front of me on the
smooth floor. It was made of some kind of synthetic material that was
waterproof, but not cold like some bathroom floors. Grinning down at me,
Mistress said "OK, its time to thank her for helping." I needed no further
prompting, particularly since both of them had washed themselves as they did me,
and she smelled fresh and clean. I spent a few minutes exploring her sex, hers
was only the third Eridani pussy I'd tasted - then settled into a good tongue
fuck running my long tongue as far up her as it would go.
	I lapped with long strokes up and down from below her clit up to her ass
and back. At first, I bypassed her clit, digging deep into her on each pass. As
I continued, I paid more and more attention to her clit, until she was screaming
for me to make her come. As I was about to plant my mouth over her clit, I
suddenly felt a tongue on my own pussy. I nearly jumped out of my skin, I'd been
licked by other drones, but Mistress rarely touched me with her mouth.  As I
rapidly tongued the pussy in front of me, driving the nurse to orgasm, I felt
Mistress digging deep into my pussy. I nearly lost contact with the sex in front
of me as I came.
	Smiling down at me, both of them rinsed the juices from both themselves
and myself. Mistress told me if I wouldn't get the bed wet, I could sleep with
her tonight. I grinned happily, normally she makes me sleep on the floor at the
foot of the bed. After they dried themselves off, they roughly toweled me dry,
something unusual - normally I have to stay in the shower or pool area until I
stopped dripping. As we were leaving the recreation area, and the second nurse
was starting to go the other way down the hall, Mistress turned to me and asked
"Are you forgetting something? Thank her again for helping give you a bath." I
moved to the other nurse, who hadn't moved since Mistress asked me the question,
and bending over, kissed her right on her puckered ass hole. She bent forward,
and I properly thanked her on her smooth pussy too. Mistress and I walked back
to her quarters. She got into bed, and patted the foot of the bed for me to
climb up. I fell asleep, contentedly curled up like a cat.
	The next morning - still curled up into a ball, I stirred and awoke, I
gave myself a few licks across my pussy to clean it and get myself going. I
stretched then woke Mistress up, kissing her cunt lovingly. Mistress woke up,
pulling my face further into her sex. Stroking my head, she reminded me that
we'd go down to the planet for a short visit before the ship leaves orbit. After
a while, Mistress got me and took me and the other drones to a shuttle. Another
Eridani woman met us at the shuttle, and we all got in the back. Mistress and
the other Eridani weren't wearing their normal uniforms, but skintight shorts
and tanktops.
	Mistress and the other woman went to the front of the shuttle and sat
down at the controls. They pointed at cushions in the back at either side and
told us to lie down there. The four of us laid down, on our stomachs like normal
as the two Eridani's prepared to take off. The ride was a lot smoother than I
expected; if not for my heightened senses, I wouldn't have even known we were
moving. At one point, I realized I was hungry and told Mistress. She said to
hang on, I'd be able to catch some tasty fish soon.
	After thirty minutes or so, I felt the shuttle slow down. Mistress got
up and pushed some buttons on a panel on the wall then opened a cabinet. I heard
rumbling from the back as Mistress got some scanners and other things I didn't
recognize. She gave two of them to the other Eridani then came back, telling us
to get up. I'd noticed the back door swinging down, and Mistress said to go
ahead and dive in - the water was at least a hundred feet deep here. As I
hurried back to the opening, Mistress called out loudly - "Remember to come when
you hear my Comm Badge beep!"
	Stopping at the edge, I saw that the shuttle was still fifteen or twenty
feet above the vivid blue-green water and descending slowly. Off in the distance
I could see a boat approaching our position. Without hesitating, I dove cleanly
into the water. I made a 10.0 dive, not making hardly any splash, and keep
going. I could hear the other drones diving in behind me. I basked in my
swimming ability as I let the momentum of my dive carry me further and further
down. As I easily swam, until I could see the bottom several hundred feet down,
I was glad I didn't wear clothes - they would have just gotten in my way.
	As I got close to the sandy bottom, I saw colorful fish swimming in
schools, and remembered I was hungry. Playing on some primal instinct, I swam
into one of the schools and caught them in my mouth. Twisting and turning to
catch the ones that tried to get away, I swallowed them whole until I was sated
and full. As I sucked them down with huge gulps of water, I observed the water
was a lot less salty than the oceans on Earth.
	As I swam through the schools of fish, my fellow drones caught up with
me and followed my lead. After they slaked their initial hunger, we played in
the warm water, teasing and playing tag with each other. Once in a while, I'd
tongue someone's pussy or let the male take me as we swam. We had just about
forgotten about the surface when I felt my lungs start to burn for air, and
heard Mistress's Comm Badge beeping.
	As a group, all four of us lunged for the surface, our taunt bodies
pumping through the water. When we got close, I saw Mistress swimming just under
the surface, waiting for us. As we shattered the calm surface, leaping high and
gasping for air, we saw our other Eridani companion standing on the boat we'd
seen earlier with several colonists.
	Mistress smiled at me as we caught our breath, and said "OK, that's
enough play for now, it's time to go to work now!" Her companion threw down four
sets of harnesses as she and the colonists moved about doing something on the
boat. Without being told, we retrieved the floating harnesses and started
putting them on. When the four of us had the tight straps around our bodies,
Mistress's companion and two of the colonists dove in with objects attached to
their clothes and small cases in their hands.
	Mistress signaled for me to come to her, and signaled the other three
drones to go to each of the other Eridani's. Mistress told me to get ready for a
long dive then climbed atop my back like she'd done in the pool. As Mistress
digged her bare feet into my belly and directed me to swim downwards, I saw the
other Eridani's following us down with the other drones. We swam for hours as
they rode us while scanning the bottom and reef structures below us.
	After several hours of work, they directed us back up to the boat. The
Eridanis got on the boat and it started moving to another site. As Mistress
climbed out of the water, and with only my head out of the water like some
strange fish, I quietly told her  that I needed to relieve myself. She just
laughed, and said "My  little animal, I want you to do it right now in front of
me! After all you're in your natural environment, why should you get out just to
do a natural function?" She reached down and petted my head while soothingly
talking to me-- I couldn't think of anything to refute her so I tried to let it
go. After I succeeded in letting it go, the floodgates suddenly opened, and it
rushed uncontrollably out as I bobbed there with Mistress petting me. 
	As I finished, Mistress told me I was a good girl, then said she had to
go up front. She turned and left without saying another word. As the boat
started moving, No one asked us to get into the boat so we swam along side it,
easily keeping up with it. Even as good a swimmer as I'd been before being
changed, I don't think I would have been able to stay in the water this long
without resting. Now, as I effortlessly kept up with the boat, I knew I could
swim for days. Somehow I even knew I could sleep in the water, instinctively
kept from drowning.
	Soon the boat stopped again, and the Eridani's jumped into the water
again. This time the bottom was over two hundred feet down, and they set the
scanners and gave them to us, indicating what we were to scan. We easily swam to
the bottom, and scanned the structures until the devices beeped, indicating we
had used them correctly. We stayed down 45 minutes to a hour until we had
scanned everything we'd been told to then swam back up. As I rose through the
water, I knew I liked being ridden better than working on my own. I think that
carrying an Eridani gave me some sort of immediate satisfaction in knowing I was
serving my Masters.
	This went on all day, sometimes we were used as water horses, sometimes
we were sent down in the water alone. Finally, when the sun was going down, we
arrived back where the shuttle floated in the water. I had not left the water
once all day, I had caught fish when I was hungry and relieved myself as
necessary into the water, and I was pleasantly exhausted. As Mistress talked
with the colonists, who I heard thank Mistress and the other crewmember for
their help, we were sent back into the shuttle. We laid down on the cushions
again, and slept. I dreamed warm thoughts about being a happy drone and about
being fucked in the warm ocean while the colonists all watched. I did not wake
up until the Shuttle arrived back at the ship.
	Back on the ship, I walked back to Mistress's quarters, my mind
completely at ease and thinking of nothing. Just before I fell asleep again on
the smooth floor, I heard Mistress tell me we were leaving orbit and would be
going to 82 Eridani - the Home world, for two weeks of shore leave. I dreamed
about what the world my ancestors came from might be like.
	The next weeks were rather boring, Mistress told me we had to go all the
way back across our corner of the galaxy to get to Home world, passing within
several light-years of Earth. She pointed out a star one day and said that was
Sol - about five light-years away at the time. I was told we were going much
faster than light, but not as fast as the ship was capable. Anyway, for me
things were dull; Mistress and the rest of the crew were all busy with various
research projects and rarely had time to play or anything for me to do. They let
me alone most of the time and I wandered throughout most of the ship freely,
except for a few critical areas.
	I guess they let me because I showed no interest in most of the ship's
systems or trying to escape... where could I have gone if I did escape? I was
interested in their social customs, and watched each crewmember I met
constantly. I figured out why they expected me to pee openly-- They had
completely casual attitudes about using the restroom. Instead of toilets, they
had these funnel shaped devices mounted high on the walls in shower areas and in
sleeping quarters. 
	To use them, both men and women would stand over them and position the
funnel against their crotches. As they pressed down against it, a tube would
extend into the user's rectum to flush it out as it splashed water against their
genitals. While on duty, they didn't bother with bathroom breaks, each
workstation had those funnels either built into its chair or on top of a
pedastal in front of it. Whenever a crewmember sat or stood at a workstation,
they'd unzip their uniform and position themselves atop the funnel. They'd
relieve themselves whenever necessary, even if another crewmember was there. I
tried out one built into a chair once, but the pedastal ones were too high for
me. Usually I just did it in to middle of a shower, or in a pool. The ship had a
small garden area with natural ground-- Mistress encouraged me to "water the
plants" whenever I was in that area. It seemed that they had no modesty
whatsoever about bodily functions and expected the same from me.
 	Without the drones we'd left on the water world, it was rather lonely--
mostly the crewmembers were too busy to talk or play with me. When I got bored
with wandering the ship, I spent most of my time just lounging around and
napping with the other three remaining drones,punctuated of course by plentiful
sex. I came to know the other three drone's bodies as well as mine. Mistress
told me that I'd have more fun when we get to Homeworld; after crew rotations
and reviews, the two of us would go on planet for two weeks shoreleave.

Continued in Chapter 5: Dawn visits the HomeWorld




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





