BDSM Library - Melody




Melody
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This one is a ficticious tv shoe of the future. We have all seen those Japanese endurance programs in which most of the contestants must be masochistic exhibitionists, so how far will it all go?
Melody, Part 1  The Act.

It occurred to me recently, that TV is getting very strange. We have all seen
those Japanese endurance programs in which most of the contestants must be
masochistic exhibitionists, so how far will it all go? Below is a fictitious
Show from a series which shows bizarre acts and then interviews them afterwards.
Needless to say, it must involve beautiful girls and be pay per view. :)

------------

And now its time for the first in our new series entitled Acts of Cruelty. This 
one Features Melody.


Melody walked onto the stage wearing just  a G string and a couple of flowers
clipped to her tits. She was an auburn hared beauty with large self supporting
breasts  which bounced delightfully as she walked. Her legs were long and
shapely and her face had  a kind of amused mischievous look. Melody's  eyes were
large and brown. You felt you could fall into them. So, what was such a beauty
going to do as an act? She was already almost naked, so she was not a stripper.
We did not have long to wait.

Her voice was deep and she had  a slight accent of some sort, but I could not
define it.

Melody
I bet you folks are just bursting... to find out  what I am going to do... for
you, now aren't you? (giggle)

She paused and eyed the audience, who were nearly all men,  grinned widely, and
continued.

Melody
Now I just know you men love all things kinky. You love to see a nice naked girl
tied up, or in chains. Maybe  you would like to see me that way?

The audience cheered..

Melody
Ah, we have my kinda people in tonight! I bet you just  love to hear girls
scream in pain when they are spanked or whipped or maybe have some other nasty
torture inflicted on them, yeah?

Even more cheers greeted this.

Melody, in a more serious voice.
OK, I would call myself a survivalist. I am a masochist, but I like to go beyond
my normal limits for my audiences. It can of course be dangerous, and thus we do
not want any of you trying to come up here when I am in the middle of something.
So please remain seated, whatever happens. All you see tonight will be real, and
I will indeed suffer for my art. I hope you enjoy it.

She waved her hand and 3 leather clad muscle bound women came on the stage,
pushing a large trunk on wheels. Melody then removed the flowers, and let her
now rather erect nipples free. She was obviously turned on by what was about to
unfold.


Melody
Lets get warmed up. I am going to be very tightly tied up, then I am going to be
zapped with cattle prods and burned with cigarettes in interesting places.
Please feel free to ask for requests! (giggle)

First Melody's arms were bound behind her  with rope at the wrists, then her
elbows were cinched together tightly. This pushed her tits out further still.

Her G string was pulled down and she stepped out of it.  This brought another
cheer as it could be seen that her pussy was fully shaved and the lips were full
and very appealing.

Next, she was laid on her front and her legs were tied crossed. These were then
fastened to her wrists and the two pulled together .A bar was brutally forced
between her knees  and fastened in place with straps. Next, her long hair was
pulled back and a clamp device applied to it .The rope from this pulled her head
back as it was attached to her elbow ropes.

Melody, sounding slightly breathless
Well this has been fun, now for the good bit!

She flexed her muscles and tried to move. She managed to snake about a bit by
moving her hips, but little else.

One of her  leather clad helpers then rolled her over. Two nasty looking clamps
were fitted to her nipples and the rope  on each was given to  one of the other
helpers. The one who had turned Melody over then went and got a device which
looked like a small baton. She then lit a cigarette.

Helper one
Guy in the front row with the red T shirt, where shall we burn her first?

Guy
Somewhere on the bitch's tits.

Melody
Come on, out with it, you want it to be right under the clamps, on my nipple, go
on Serena let me have it on both.

The other  two helpers pulled up hard to stretch Melody's breasts and hold them
in place.

Serena knelt down and made her cigarette red hot, then held it on Melody's left
tit.

Melody gasped and her eyes widened, but no other reaction was seen.

After a few seconds, Serena got the tip red hot and subjected her right tit to
the same treatment.

Once again, there was a gasp from Melody.

Serena , with a smile
Lets soften her up with the prod.

She picked up the black baton shape object, and pressed it against melody's hip,
and pressed a button, long and hard.

Melody convulsed visibly, and let out a cry that sounded like it came from deep
inside.

Serena ignored it and did the same on the other hip, with the same result. This
cry was more animal than the last and went on after the prod was removed. There
was now no let up for Melody, as Serena zapped her thighs, her breasts, her arms
and her arse repeatedly. She forced the end into her sex  and kept it on long
and hard.

The cries were sometimes shrieking, sometimes low and moaning and sometimes  a
silent opening of Melody's mouth.  The audience, who were very vocal at the
start, were now almost silent. It appeared everyone was waiting to see if Melody
would cry, or pass out. Neither of these things was happening. The expression on
her face was one of  resigned defiance, if that is possible. But oh, those cries
were so appealing, yet troubling.

After what seemed like ages , but what in fact was only 5 minutes, Serena
stopped torturing  Melody with the prod. She lit another cigarette  and
proceeded to burn Melody again.

Serena started this time on Melody's outer pussy lips, making six burns on each.
This  produced more reaction than the first burns did. Melody squeaked and
convulsed visibly  each time Serena applied her cigarette.

Serena
OK, folks, some targets for burning?

There was quite a clamour, but some  words were audible.

Serena
Ah, I heard thighs, inside her pussy, and what was that, gentleman in the red in
the 3rd row?

A voice was heard to shout  between her arse cheeks.

Serena roughly pulled Melody's pussy lips apart with one hand and repeatedly
burned her inside. The camera was slightly obscured by her hand, but from
Melody's gurgles and yelps, it must have hurt. About 8 burns were done in
Melody's most private places.

Serena then let go of the lips, and after adding a couple more burns to the
sensitive areas around Melody's sex, she started on the inside of her thighs.
This brought a few moans and Melody could be seen straining in her bonds most
appealingly.


Serena then reached under Melody and stubbed the cigarette  out in her arse.
Melody gave out a shriek and a grunt., closing her eyes as she did so.
.

Serena
I think we have Melody's attention now.   I think we need to change her position
to give us more access.


The three ladies untied  Melody and released  her nipples from the clamps. They
pulled her to her feet and she appeared slightly wobbly. However, she did manage
to speak.

Melody,  In a now croaky slightly wobbly voice
Well, I hope you enjoyed that, but the show has only  just begun!

She looked at the small scars left by the burns, and the marks where the ropes
went and grinned.

Melody
Come on ladies,  do your worst!

She was recovering fast.

A large  frame was brought on, and Melody was spread-eagled from its corners. It
was then raised into a vertical position. Melody was now supporting her weight
on her arms, but her legs were spread wide, and the tension effectively added to
the weight of her body.

Melody, sounding slightly breathless
Now, this is quite a challenge. Eventually, my muscles will weaken, and my chest
will find it harder to breathe.  Now that is without the torture which I am sure
you are waiting to see. Can I survive the next hour?

Serena came out of the wings with a frame with a bag hanging from it. She went
around behind Melody and pushed a nozzle unceremoniously into her arse.

Serena
Melody is going to be even heavier soon. We will put this enema into her and
plug her up. This will cause her cramps quite soon, and she has no way of doing
anything about them.

Serena grinned, and Melody grimaced as the fluid flowed in. As It  was nearing
the end ,  the audience could plainly see Melody's lower body becoming bloated.

Serena adjusted things  and left the inflated part of the equipment inside
Melody.

IN this position, the burns on Melody's nipples and sex could clearly be seen.

Melody in a slightly distant and strained voice
OK, I will now hand you over to Serena as I will be otherwise occupied, I am
sure.

Serena
She got over that, far too quick, don't you think? Have any of you  out there
ever wanted to use your belt on a woman? I will take the first 5 of you who have
really nasty belts with them. Studs are OK, but no really sharp parts. Our
people will check.

There was a slight scuffle as several men with beer guts tried to rush the
stage, but were prevented by security staff..

Serena
While the lucky men are sorted out, we shall have some fun. Melody's enema will
be just about becoming uncomfortable now, so she needs something to take her
mind off of it!

She went to the trunk and got three canes. She gave two to her helpers, and kept
the really thick one for herself. They turned Melody's frame around so her arse
was facing the audience, and  started beating her rear end mercilessly each in
turn. You could see the power by the way she moved forward slightly, and the
immediate appearance of red welts in her arse.

Melody kept silent, but a camera was on her face, and the monitors showed her
face contort at each blow. Thwack, Thud , swish, crack. The onslaught was
without mercy, or pause. Suddenly, after what was around 17 minutes of this, a
moan was heard from Melody. Her  eyes were clamped shut, and she was obviously
concentrating. She continued to periodically moan and gasp for another 3
minutes, till they stopped the onslaught on her arse

Serena spun Melody round. She was now slightly hunched and breathing heavily.
Every few seconds, a muscular spasm could be seen in her abdomen. She opened her
eyes  and tried to speak, but all that came out was a guttural croak and a moan.

Serena, almost gleefully.
Ah yes, Melody, and it is not even half way over yet.

A bag had been brought from the trunk by one of the other leather clad ladies.
Serena took  out two nipple clamps and applied them to Melody's tits. Each had a
length of rope  attached. She  gave the  other girls an end each, and they
pulled sideways until Melody's tits were stretched quite grotesquely out to the
side. She then got a small whip from the trunk and began whipping melody's
chest.

Melody seemed hardly to notice this indignity at first, but her skin was
reddening quite quickly,. Serena then stopped, and removed  a tube of something
from the bag. She applied it to a tissue or something similar, and rubbed it
into the raw areas with relish.

Melody's reaction to this was a  Long low whale, and a vain attempt to shake
herself. The two girls then let the tit ropes go, and her breasts bounced
together. Melody Yelped and started to pant. She soon got this under control ,
but she was really sweating now.

A larger whip was now being used on Melody's back by one of the other girls. The
cameras could see welts being left  quite plainly.

Serena turned to face the audience and spoke.
That substance causes stinging  on bare flesh, but it is deliciously painful on
damaged skin. Before we bring on the men with their belts, I think we should see
how she copes with some multiple tortures.

The cameras came up close to those pussy lips and Serena clipped a kind of
bulldog clip on each. These had small needles on the clamping plates, and as she
let the springs go, Melody let out  a shriek.

Next she attached some rope to each clip and pulled her lips  apart by tying the
ropes out to the side of the frame.

Melody, who was still being whipped, opened her eyes wide, when the air struck
her intimate parts. The audience could plainly see her clit, and that it was
rather engorged  and that  her vagina was wet.

Serena reached into the bag again, and pulled out another clamp. This one was
like a tiny version of a grab hook that you might find on a crane. It had 5
little ends that closed tightly when the attached rope was pulled .

Serena showed it to the camera and said
Where should we put this then.

A loud shout from the audience came out...
On the bitch's clit!

Serena smiled and turned round. The shots of the application were great.
Melody's clit visibly recoiled as Serena sprang it on.

Melody let out a strangled cry that took several seconds to die away. Her head
fell to one side, but she rallied quickly.

Serena then went to the trunk and got some items. The girl behind Melody stopped
whipping, and took one of the items from Serena, who came in front of Melody and
held up a bucket. She tied this on the string of the clit clamp.

Serena
Now, Melody. Let us see what your  control is like, shall we?

Turning to the audience she said .
Our helper there has a nice spray of the substance we used on Melody's chest,
and since the whipping and the caning I am sure it will feel exquisitely painful
when applied.

Turning to Melody, Serena said.
Each scream, or groan gets 1 pint of water  in that bucket. Can we pull your
clit in half do you think?

Melody's eyes widened.

A tank of water, 2 bags of sugar and a measuring jug were brought on.

Serena grabbed a  bag of sugar and tied it tightly to the rope on Melody's left
tit. Looking Melody in the eye, she dropped it from tit height, and watched the
bounce as her breast took the strain. Melody, took as deep a breath as she
could, and waited for what she knew was next.

Serena did not disappoint her. She tied the other pound of sugar to the rope on
the right tit, and dropped it. Again, there was not much reaction.


She gave Melody a grin and said
 now can you keep that up till the pain from the spray subsides, I wonder.

She motioned to her helper, who started to spray.

Melody let out a shriek followed by a gurgle and a long laboured breath. It
looked like she might pass out, but she rallied herself and  lifted her head in
an almost proud way.

Serena unceremoniously poured a pint of water in the bucket, and  the close-up
of the clit clearly showed it pinched narrower.

Melody bit her lip, but no sound came out.

The girl behind started spraying again, and Melody jolted and let out a yelp.
Another pint went in the bucket.

Serena
Oh dear, not too good so far. Still only another 5 minutes, and we will be
finished with this part.

Continued spraying , on her arse and back brought yelps despite Melody's
concentration. Each yelp earned another pint in the bucket..

Serena
Oh dear, 8 pints, that must really hurt!

More spraying and this time Melody, now sweating profusely, only jolted at the
pain.

After  what seemed ages, the spraying stopped. The jiggling that this was
causing was hypnotic. Melody had her eyes closed  by this time.

Serena grabbed the can and sprayed it into Melody's vagina. This got her
attention, as she let out  something like.

Shitrishgrroooot!

Serena grinned as Melody opened her eyes. She held up a jug of water , and
poured it into the bucket.
Melody somehow held back her cry. The Clit was turning blue now.

Serena
Ok, Melody, This part is over. Only the belts to go now!
They released her clit and her pussy lips, which made Melody moan  as the blood
returned. The tit clamps  were removed and she was taken down from the frame.

She needed support to stand , and was breathing heavily. They put her over a
large bucket and let her enema go.

Amazingly, she could now stand unaided, and gingerly walked to the microphone
and  managed a grin. She turned slowly around to show all her welts and reddened
areas, and spoke in a rather crackly voice.
Well, when the going gets tough...

Serena spoke
Yes, the tough get going, but can you still walk off after 5 guys have used
their belts on you for 15 minutes, Melody.

She came over and put a kind of cage over Melody's head and fixed it round her
neck. Next was what looked like a small sack. This too was secured round
Melody's neck.

Serena
We are going to hang Melody upside down with her arms crossed behind her neck.
She will not be able to see where the blows will land. The torturers will decide
how many of them are working on her, and what areas they will strike. We will
listen for any screams of pain. Each scream adds 2 minutes to Melody's ordeal.
Now she is already pretty raw and exhausted, and  hanging upside down will make
things worse. She can breathe through holes in the sack. If she should pass out,
a ball she is holding in her hand will drop.

Melody's hands had by this time been secured crossed behind her neck and she was
given a billiard ball to hold. After securing some suspension cuffs around her
ankles,  they fastened these to a rope which had descended from above. Next, a
small 2ft spreader was strapped at her knees so access to her thighs would be
easier.  Taking Melody's weight, the three ladies signalled for the rope to be
raised.

Up went Melody, until she was swinging slightly with her head about 6 inches
from the floor.

In order to stop Melody twisting  and swinging, ropes from her elbows were
fastened to floor rings by Serena.

The camera went all over Melody, showing the welts, cuts, bruises and reddened
areas.

Serena
Now isn't she a pretty sight? But, as they say, you ain't seen nothin' yet!

Five men came on. All of them looked pretty muscular. The belts were held up so
the audience and cameras could see them.

Some had studs, others were just thick and rough. 

Serena
Right lads, I assume you have had time to plan your campaign?

One man stepped forward and said
Yup, she won't know what hit her.

Serena
Ok lads, be nasty, she can take it!

Two of  the men positioned themselves in front of Melody, and one behind. Some
small boxes were provided for them so they could hit harder at the higher parts
on their inverted victim.

The man at the back had the studded belt. He started out on her already severely
reddened arse. There was no warm up, just a succession of full power blows, on
both cheeks. You could plainly see the dents the studs were causing, and the
power was obvious from the way Melody arched away.

Melody made some grunts at the start, and Serena readjusted the timer,
accordingly

After around 20 seconds, the two men in front let go with simultaneous blows ,
one covering her tits and  the other her pussy area.

This surprised Melody enough to make her scream, and Serena  moved the timer
back again.

Some blood could now be seen on Melody's arse, trickling down her back.

Her pussy was becoming swollen and angry, and her tits were turning a nice shade
of purple. They bounced about and collided, and you could plainly see Melody
tensing herself involuntarily.

Serena got the can of irritant, and handed it to one of the other 2 men, who had
not had  a go yet.

The guy at Melody's back stopped and the guy with the can went in and sprayed a
large amount of the can on Melody's arse.

Melody shrieked for about 2 minutes, and Serena grinned and added  another 4
minutes to her timer.

7 minutes had elapsed from the original 15, but Melody had earned another 8 on
top for making noise, so she still had 16 minutes to go.

The guy with the can put it down and got his belt out. It was rough and old, and
quite heavy .He started on her back, just above her hands. The effect on her
already tenderised skin was to put wide rough  purple welts into it. You could
plainly see the places where her vertebrae were, as much redder areas.

Melody was still coping, though this was causing her serious damage.

The guy at the front doing her pussy stopped, and picked up the can. He sprayed
it on the puffed up area. Surprisingly, Melody convulsed and strained, but made
no sound.

The last guy stepped up with a much smaller belt, and started attacking Melody's
thighs and legs. This must have stung awfully. Melody grunted, and Serena
advanced the clock again. She still had 7 minutes to go now , rather than the 5
of a moment ago.

The guy doing her tits, stopped and used the can on them.

Despite a superhuman effort on Melody's part, a groan was plainly heard and
Serena gleefully added another 2 minutes to the ordeal.

Serena
Well, Melody, can we keep this going all night?

The timer was now at 4 minutes and Serena motioned to all the men to pick an
area and attack together.

The whacking, thwacking and slapping sounds filled the air as parts of Melody's
body not yet touched came under the belts. Her arms, her stomach and abdominal
area  were mercilessly struck hard.

How Melody coped, is a mystery. Maybe there was just sensory overload. If she
had not still been holding on to the ball, you might have thought she had passed
out.

All that could be heard was the sound of leather against tortured flesh, and the
creaking of the equipment holding Melody in place  - Mercy would only come when
the time ticked down to zero. She had no way to know how long this release was 
going to take.
Pain, more pain. Melody held on. She was deep in survival mode, well past sexual
arousal.


Suddenly, the buzzer went, and Serena signalled for them to stop.

All 5 were sweaty, and Melody was pretty red and bloody.

Serena and the ladies got Melody down, and released her. She lay there dazed for
about 3o seconds.

Serena
Now folks, can she get up on her own, I wonder?

Melody groaned as she started to flex her muscles. She clawed at the floor as if
it were going to help her move. Slowly, ever so slowly, she got to her knees.
Her expression was of pain and concentration, mixed in equal quantities.

Kneeling  on all fours, with those now almost purple tits hanging  was somehow
an awe inspiring sight. There was hardly anywhere where some damaging and
painful abuse had not been inflicted. She looked up and grimaced. Her muscles
were trying to get her up, but not quite doing the job.

She took several deep breaths, and closed her eyes. She rocked back on her
haunches and as she let the breath out, she stood up. She nearly toppled over,
but held it. Once upright, she opened her eyes, and with her arms hanging limply
now, wobbled her way to the microphone.

Melody stood in front of it for a while. The audience was silent, you could have
heard a pin drop. She  moved her mouth, and no sound came out. There was an
almost sloe motion sway to her. She cleared her throat, and in a very husky,
unsteady voice she said.
Well, I did  it. I hope you will all remember this. Thank you for coming, it
makes it all worthwhile. I am sure you will not mind if I go and get cleaned up
now.

Melody was obviously recovering quite quickly, though looking at her injuries,
everyone knew it would be some time before she was comfortable again.

Melody managed a grin, and a wave, and then went off the stage very gingerly, to
rapturous  applause.

All her tormentors then left the stage.

the end of part one.

Part 2 is an interview about 2 hours later after Melody has been cleaned up. It
includes Melody, Serena, and the interviewer, Marion Moffett.

Melody Part 2 Not so much an interview.....
(No actual bdsm)

The interview opened with the three people involved, Marion, Right side  facing
slightly away from the camera, Melody sitting facing the camera on the left, and
Serena, at the rear, but facing the camera.

Melody was wearing a tiny leather bikini, Serena  had  a nice green dress on,
and Marion was dressed in a suit.

After the welcomes andintroductions,Marion set the scene.

Marion
As you will have no doubt seen, just over 2 hours ago Melody here subjected
herself to one and  a half hours of what must have been excruciating torture at
the hands  of Serena here, with help from some other ladies and 5 men wielding
leather belts. Whatever your take on this, I guess we must admire Melody's 
bravery and stamina, however, there are lots of questions, burning questions,
and Melody and Serena have agreed to be frank.

Marion
So, Melody, what is the point of doing what you did tonight?

Melody
Well, I am, as I say at the start, a masochist. I like pain. It is sexual, but
more than that, it somehow empowers  me. It also, of course, has the power to
make me money! (She grinned)

Marion
But are you not just exploiting your  sexuality?

Melody
Humans are sexual beings, it is just another way we ritualise our behaviour to
satisfy our innate need for the violence that has always been part of sex.

Serena chips in
Also, Melody loves challenges, I know she will live on this night for months!

Marion
So what exactly is the relationship between you two? On stage it seems that
Serena is determined to prolong your agony, Melody, and she does it with the
relish of a sadist, quite frankly.

Melody
Yes, Serena and I go back as far as college. She has always been a sadist.  It
is no secret, I fancy that we are both BI. What is more natural, a sadist and a
masochist?

Serena
I do so enjoy pushing Melody, but I  do read the signs. I have known her so
long, I can take her to her limits and just dangle her  there. Such a beautiful
dance.

Melody
If it were totally scripted, Marion, it would be so obvious, and it would be
just like watching wrestling. It is the nakedness of the situation that
electrifies the audience.

Marion
Are you not really saying though, that you appeal to the blood lust of ordinary
people?

Serena and Melody spoke together.

Marion
Serena, you first

Serena
Of course it appeals to base instincts. Why is that wrong though? When you watch
an escapologist  dangling from a burning rope, what are you thinking?

Melody
Look, you do not have to come and watch me, or pay to watch it on TV, there is
an off switch on all the TV's I have seen!

Marion
Ok, we could argue about that all night, and we have not even touched on the
exploitation of women yet.

Melody, quite quietly
Exploitation only works if there is a market for it you know.

Marion
So, are you not  worried that the men in there tonight might go home and try
some of those tortures on their wives or   girlfriends?

Melody
When you see a murder on TV  or  whatever, every one does not murder someone. I
am a pragmatist. I like to think that most folk  are sensible. If you get a
psycho, you get one, they are out there and none of us can second guess what
they will do.

Marion
OK, lets change the subject. Looking at you now, you look like you have been ,
well beaten to a pulp.

Melody
You say the nicest things.

Marion
How do you feel now, are you in pain or what?

Melody
You know, I do not think about it. I am in pain, I suppose, but my endorphins
are pretty long lived these days, and I think it will be sometime tomorrow when
things will hit me again.

Serena
Marion, Melody is still flying. It was the endorphins which allowed her to take
the massive punishment towards the end tonight.

Marion
So, how long does it take till you are well enough and healed enough to do it
all again?

Melody
I would say, from past experience, I would really need about a Month. This is
not  a twice nightly and matinee on Sunday kind of act!

Serena
Of course, we do try new torments in between. It is always nice to have a new
method of inflicting pain on someone you love...

Melody giggled.

Marion
So, have you any other goals in life?

Melody
Well,  being taken seriously would be  a good one. One of the problems with
looking like I do, and doing what I do, is that you get pushed into a pigeon
hole as that kinky girl with the big tits who gets tortured for money. The media
are the worst for this.

Marion
So in what way? I mean, What do you feel your message is?

Melody
Basically, girls should, and ought to be able to, be who they are. So many
people out there want, for instance, to be spanked , OK it might be a sexual
thing, or just a need. It is seen as Kinky. What about bondage, What  about lots
of other things that really do not affect anyone else, yet society has this
wagging finger hovering over you. It is plainly a throwback to Victorian times.

Serena
I, and Melody both like men, we like each other, we like sex with men, and each
other, but nobody should really care one way or the other. We would not be here
tonight, talking, if you did not want your audience to know these things. I do
not give a shit who knows, but some people would, and thus they are never going
to fulfil their true  destiny, they are too busy looking to see if society is
going to brand them a pervert because they do something considered out of the
ordinary.

Melody
Yes, I would go along with all of that.

Marion
So what do you see yourself doing in, say, 20 years time?

Melody
Oh, I hope I can still enjoy pain, sex, living, and people.

Marion
That  is not really what I meant,  and you  know it!

Melody
Well, if I have earned enough I will not have any worries about money. I know
far better than to jump in and say what I will be doing then. Can you tell us
what you will be doing?

Marion
Ah, I am asking you!

Melody
Let life run its course, Marion.

Serena
Marion, you  have a great body, I reckon you could earn lots with that!

Marion
Now stop ganging up on me. I am only doing my job here.

Marion
So, Melody, would you be willing to let me see some of your ahem damage?

Melody
Now, I wondered why I was the only one still almost naked!

Melody.
Now  Marion, you will have to feel my body, and describe it to the viewers.

Marion and Melody got up, and Melody took off her bikini.


Marion
Where shall we start

Melody
How about my tits?

Marion was starting to blush,

Marion gingerly touched the burns on Melody's nipples with her fingers. They
felt scaly

Melody
What do you feel Marion?

Marion hesitated

Melody
Marion, go on

Marion
They they feel kind of scaly  to me, and your skin is hot and almost, almost...

Melody
Words fail Marion Moffett!
Actually, hot would have done really, it feels hot in here too!

Melody
Have a look at my arse then.

Melody turned round and bent over.

Marion reached out toward the red and purple orbs presented to her, touched one,
then flinched away.

Serena had crept up behind Marion, and unceremoniously grabbed her hand and
brought it down on Melody's butt with a thud.

Melody giggled, and Marion gave out a little scream.

Marion, sounding less than confident for a change.
It is hot too, and has lines and grooves and god, its....

Serena grabbed Marion's other hand, and  Melody stood up and turned round.

Serena pushed Marion's hand  onto Melody's pussy.

Melody
Go on, Marion, you have been wanting to feel me there all through the interview,
I saw your eyes dart down every so often.

Marion went red as a beetroot.

She pulled  herself away and with a shaky voice turned to camera  and said.
Oh well, that is all we have time for now, don't forget the second in the series
, Acts Of cruelty, next week.

Fade out.

This is fantasy folks, nothing to do with real life, if yer don't know the
defference, then I hope you learn fast!

And for those who have drifted here and know me as a clean living innocent man.
I still am! A chap has to have a hobby!

Brian




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Switchmaybe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





