BDSM Library - Awareness Training




Awareness Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The blind man got a chance to spank a lovely young lady.
Now I am sure that the majority of readers think of blind folk as totally blind,
i.e. completely in the dark, hanging off the side of a Labrador. Life ain't like
that however. When I go out, I navigate with a long white cane made of
aluminium, which I scan from, side to side to warn of obstructions. I also have
some light perception, and limited 'blobbyvision' to the right, if I physically
look left. In front is a haze with swirling pastel coloured designs, out of
which an occasional 'blob' beams down, star trek style, usually scaring you half
to death. These effects are not unusual to many blind people.

The forgoing is just to set the scene for this fictional story. The events may
be fictional, but the  event which starts the whole thing off is a major issue 
for blind people  at least in the UK.
====================
Spanking, caning, humour but with an underlying real message.
======================




Awareness Training -   By Switchmaybe.

The morning was crisp and bright, with the usual low angle sun problems of
Winter in the UK. I was on my way to do one of my incremental shops of the week.
(i.e., do a little each time due to not being the user of a car). Suddenly, 
swish, The brush of air and the sudden realisation that a cyclist had just
passed by real close without so much as a ring of a bell or the courtesy of
slowing down and going around at a reasonable distance. I instinctively
flinched, despite many such encounters, the instinctive reaction takes over and
leaves you with a slightly shaken feeling. I said something not entirely polite,
as I recall, and instead of the usual 'fuck off blindy' from some 30 something
bloke who was covering his embarrassment with abuse, I heard  a very sexy young
female  voice  say, well, actually she still said fuck off, but not the last
part. I  shouted after her that she really ought to be more polite, but was just
rewarded by silence.

Though shaken, I knew I would probably have at least one more sight dependent
Pratt to contend with in the trip, so I tried to regain my composure as
concentration is the key to safety.

There were no more problems during that morning other than a  collision with
overhanging wet foliage and a clueless till assistant  who seemed to be of the
opinion that talking louder would let me be able to sign the credit card slip
without her guiding my finger to the spot.  Still, I guess the shop were not
going to employ rocket scientists to do till work, why should they? I guess it
was cos I did not have dark glasses and a  Labrador.

Anyway, after I had got home, I found a letter which I had meant to post.
Typical,  I thought, so much concentration on getting there, that you forgot 
one of the jobs you were going to do. I decided to post it now. The nearest box
was at the end of the road, and it would only take five minutes.

So off I went, Listening, I gently came out of my gate, cane ahead of me, and...

Yeeeaw... Crunch, scrape, thud.

I froze, having suddenly realised that my cane had been pulled from my hand. I
spoke.
Erm, is there anyone  there?

There was a pause, then...

Oooargh, you knocked me off my bike.

I recognised the young woman as the one on the bike from  the morning, and I
must admit my first thoughts were, 'ah there is  a God'.  However, my caring
side took over and I said.
Are you alright, can I help you?

Girl
I have cut my leg, and my ankle hurts.

I groped my way to the girl, and helped her up. By this time  the usual silent
sentinel blobs had gathered around, and I said to one.

Can you find my cane for me?

This broke the who will speak first spell, and the two blobs present first moved
the cycle out of the way, and then one poked me in the stomach with my now
slightly bent cane.

Blob 1, sounding like a middle aged male.
Look, young lady, you were not watching what you were doing, This gentleman was
slowly coming out of his house, and you ran right over the end of his cane.

I thought, but did not say that I knew that what had in fact happened was that
my cane had gone through the spokes of the cycle wheel, but I am the blind one,
aren't I?

Blob  2, an elderly female blob.
Yes, you should have been more careful.

Now although I agreed with most of that, I was rather worried about the girl.
She was very quiet, and leaning on me quite heavily. I said.
Did you bang your head at all?

Girl
I, I, I am not sure.

At that point she lost her balance and fell against me. OK, it was not the thing
to be thinking at that moment, but as she fell, I could feel her breasts, and
they were very firm and, well, young and nice to feel! She obviously had no bra
on under her t shirt.

I said to one of the other blobs.
Do you live close?

Silence.

Me
Pardon?

Male blob
Sorry, we were both shaking our heads, you do not look blind, you see, and we
forgot. (nervous chuckle) No, we are on our way to the bus stop, and there is
nobody else about. Sorry, but the bus is only every hour, and if we miss it....

Me
Ok, I will help her into my place to get cleaned up.

Somehow I got her back to my front door, and left her leaning in the porch while
I found the key. I helped her in and sat her in the kitchen.

Girl
I, am sorry, it was my fault. I was looking at a cat across the road.

Me
OK, do not worry, why don't you get cleaned up. I cannot really help look at any
wounds, for obvious reasons, but if you need to phone, or you want to get an
ambulance and go to casualty, then feel free.

I said
Who are you, and where do you live, if it is not far, maybe I can ring  them and
get you picked up, I fear your bike is in more need of treatment than you.

Girl
Oh, would you ring my mother, she lives about a mile from here. I am out on an
errand for her, and she should really know why I will be a longer time than I
thought. Here is the number. 

I cut in and said
Just give it to me slowly..

Girl
Oh, I forgot (giggle)

She gave it slowly, and I dialled it. While I was waiting to get an answer, I
could here sounds from the kitchen. She had, I gathered, taken off her jeans,
and was running some water. I was glad she was acting more normal now, but was
still worried.

A lady answered, and I suddenly realised I did not know who the girl was, or the
name of this person.


Hello?

Me, erm I have a girl here who was cycling, but fell off and is cleaning herself
up. She asked me to ring this number and tell you she will be a while.

There was a silence, then she said.
Ah, that will be my daughter, Kate, what has she done this time? Was she looking
at boys, by any chance?

Me
Well, I do not know, but she says it was a cat. She is OK, I think, but I am
blind and she is in my kitchen cleaning herself up. Is there anyone there who
could come and pick her and the bike up? I am rather worried as she seemed quite
wobbly at first, and of course, I cannot see her injuries.

Lady
Unfortunately , I am house bound, and Kate runs errands for me. She is 19, and
ahem resting at the moment. She lives here and helps me a lot. What happened
exactly?

I explained, including the little incident in the morning, and Kate's mother
said.
Oh, quite typical, if I were not in this state, as big as she is, she would be
over my knee and spanked for that.

I paused and said,
Maybe I should do it then, (chuckle)

Kate's mother
Not a bad idea, but Kate might not approve, I think.

Me, changing the subject.
I will put her on for you.

I took the portable and went to the kitchen. As I put my hand on the table, I
found her jeans there.

Me
Kate, will you talk to your mother?

A hand came from nowhere and took the phone.

I heard..

Yes Mum,
One deep cut on my left knee, a little graze on my cheek, and my ankle is
beginning to swell..

I went and got an elastic bandage from a drawer. I always have these handy, as
turned ankles are a fact of life when you cannot see edges of small steps.

When I returned I heard ..

Yes Mother, I will apologise, I will, I am!

She was getting quite heated now, and I felt rather in the way.

NO! I am an adult now! What!  She lowered her voice, but not enough.
By a blind person, its gross mum. He could be my granddad.

I breezed in with the bandage, and reached out with it to Kate, saying
You really need this on your ankle now, or you will not be walking anywhere.

Kate
Hang on mum

She passed the phone to me, while she got the bandage.

I spoke to  Kate's Mother.
Hi again, having a slight problem with her?

Kate's mother
I told her I was not happy, and I was going to ask you, as the recipient of her
rude and uncaring ways, to spank her.

Me
Are you  serious, she is 19.

Kate's mother
Oh yes.

Me,
But you do not know me, I might be a mad axe murderer for all you know.

Kate's mother
Obviously you are not, as if you were, she would be dead by now.

I really could not  argue with the  logic.

Me
OK, but how are you going to get her to agree. She will just walk out, and to be
honest, I would not blame her.

At this point, the whole affair was starting to appear surreal to me, was this
really happening, was she serious?

Kate's mother
Ah, she has  a holiday at the end of next week, which has been planned for
months. It is with  a couple of ex school friends and they are off to Sardinia
for 2 weeks. However, as she is not working, I have put up the cash and spending
money. I simply withdraw the latter, unless she lets you spank her. I am sure
you will do a good job.

She left  a pause, then said teasingly
You might even enjoy it.

Me
OK, I will hand you back to her.

I pulled up a chair, and sat down beside Kate.

The conversation went.

NO  mother, I know, but I will. I promise. Shit, OK, nobody must know this. I
feel so so,

Bye
She cut off the line and banged the phone down on the table.

We sat in silence for what seemed like an age, then I said
Are you OK, no serious injuries?

Kate
ER, no, I mean yes, I am fine. There is only one real cut and a possible sprain,
but...

I could feel the heat of her blush, but not see it.

Me
We are two adults. I will lay my cards on the table first. You are a girl young
enough to be my daughter, I cannot say I am a fan of corporal punishment, but I
probably will get  a nice glow from spanking you. I am, after all, a man, even
if I am one whose eyes have died, as a song once said. I promise that spanking
is all I will do, anything else is up to you.

Kate
Aw, Perhaps I can help you with something instead? A  bit like community
service?

Me
Young lady, do you really think your mother will not check to see if your bum is
red when you get back?

Kate
Oh, God, you are right, she will, and if I refuse to let her see, she will not
let me have the money.

Me, Right then, this is a first for me , so lets see how we get on.

Kate.
How should  I be, erm..

Me
Well, no jeans, and maybe no panties either?

Kate
OH NO.

I was sitting right next to her, and out of my right eye corner, I could see her
nipples against her T shirt. They were only 18 inches away. I mused, whatever
she was saying, her body was saying something else.

Me
Come into the living room

I took her hand and she followed quietly. I sat on the centre of the sofa, and
motioned for her to lay across my lap. Silently, she complied. After a little 
manoeuvring, I got her bum in a nice place to hit, and laid my right palm on her
left buttock. It quivered under her panties.

Kate
Please, lets get it over.

Me
Ok, why do you think I am giving you this spanking?

Kate
Because...

I hit her hard with no warning, on her right buttock. It quivered, my hand felt
hot, and after what seemed like a short delay, Kate made a most appealing sound.

Yeaaarg, fuck, it hurt.

Me
Oh dear, now, Kate, I need you to tell me  why you deserve this. I would also 
like you to moderate your language. The next time you use a swear word  I will
add 6  spanks to the total, and keep on doing so until you stop swearing. There
is no need for it.

Kate
How many are you going to give me?

Me
Oh, as many as I think it will take.

Kate tried to get up, but I was too quick for  her, and put my arm around her.

Kate
Fuck you

Me
Young lady, you must really want this spanking a lot. Now tell me why you must
have it?

Kate
My mother.....

Thwack, thwack, thud, thud, ....

Kate
Yeoweeeeargh!

Me
No, it has nothing to do with your mother, it has everything to do with social
conscience, politeness, and not  being a selfish person.  Have you any idea at
all what it is like for blind or elderly folk to have cyclists weaving in and
out of them on pavementsat    speed? It is unnerving and as you found out this
afternoon, downright dangerous.

Kate
I, I am sorry, but I assumed you could see me?

Me
So a white cane means....

Kate
It means you are blind...but you aren't like a blind person.

Me
Ah, so  what do I have to do to look like one?

Kate
I don't know...

Thwack, thwack, slap slap. I put another 10 on her arse and she yelled, kicked
and screamed so nicely, I was almost carried away. I was also aware that my hand
hurt a lot! I now was finding out the truth in the phrase, 'This will hurt me a
lot more than it will hurt you'.

Me
Now, Kate, what have you to say, remember not to swear.

Kate
I am sorry, really sorry. I was not thinking, I was in a hurry.

Me
Really, Both times today, in a hurry?

Kate
I am sorry, what else do you want me to say?

Me
Repeat this after  each spank. There will be six in this set.

Kate
Oh shit

Me
Make that 12.
I will  not ride fast on pavements.

Thwack.. I laid the first one on as hard as I could

Kate
Oowow
I, must not ride fast on the pavement.

Me
That is better, Kate

I was pleased as each hit brought the correct response, each time with just a
little more hint of tension and impending tears. Kate was trying hard now not to
show too much brattyness, but I sensed it was rather an act.

After 12 spanks like this, I needed a new hand. My hand went to the back of the
sofa and fate took another hand, well, I did say I needed another one. In fact,
I found my old wooden hairbrush. It had a nice back, flat and smooth. I had
previously not  considered its potential for spanking, but given the state of my
hand, I decided to give it a go.

Me
So, Kate, what do you think you ought to do to help pedestrians?

Kate, with a shake in her voice.
Well, maybe I should pay more attention... slow down a bit, maybe fit a bell?

Me
Very good, Kate. What else do you have to say to me?

Kate
Only that I am truly sorry.

Now these were the right words, but somehow...

Me
I do not somehow think you really believe what you just said.

I pulled at the waistband of her panties and felt Kate tense. I paused with them
halfway down her bum.

Kate
You fucking pervert, I could , I, I...

I pulled the panties down and looked at the slightly red globes. To me they
looked just like that. It's the macular, you know, it removes detail.

Me
Now, Kate, how are we going to get you to really see that you are being
unreasonable in the way you cycle around and also tame that foul mouth of yours?

Kate said nothing but suddenly tried to get up. I had her arms pinned rather
quickly, and her flailing legs looked rather appealing.

Me
No,  young lady, You will fit that bell, Thwack

The back of the brush made a delightful loud sound on her bare skin.

EeEEowgh

Me
Say I will Sir, after each hit, Kate, or  your arse will be not just red, but
black. And, if you do not do all the things I will get you to agree to, I feel
sure your mother will agree to let me  chastise you again.

Kate
Owwww

Thwack
Argh

Me, say it, Kate, and mean it.

Kate
I will Sir.

Me,
You will fit that bell Crack

Kate
Oweeeg
I will sir

Me
You will ride on the road when you can, and not on the pavement Thwack

Kate
Yoweee
I will sir.

Me
You will be careful if riding where there may be people, and keep your speed
down.

Kate
Argh
I will sir.

Me
You  will ride in the road in residential areas. Thwack

Kate
Yeeow	
I will sir.

I mixed and matched these statements while  I peppered her behind with swats.
After about  25, she was finding it hard to speak through the sobs and pleading
for it to stop. I stopped. She sobbed.

Me
Kate, what have you to say to me?

Kate
I will do the things you ask, I am a good girklgirl. I am sooo sorry, I did not
know, er think, you know, I never thought of any of it before.

I gently rubbed her bottom and  tried to pull her panties up. As I struggled
with them, my hand brushed her slit. It was sopping wet, and so was my trouser
leg. What should I do now? Always Mr direct, I bent down and whispered.

Kate, you seem to have rather enjoyed your punishment, should I continue?

Kate, through sobs
Oh, I am so embarrassed. Please don't say anything.

Me
Now look here young lady, I have been around for a lot longer than you. There
really is nothing to be ashamed of about it. If spanking turns you on, then so
be it. Is there anything I can do to help?

Kate
You mean, you mean?

Me
OK, what brings you off?

Kate
Um, I am not sure we should be talking like this, I do not even no your name,
and that is just part of it too, oh dear,.

Me
Well this explains your brattyness, you wanted this, so you just went  at me
with all that swearing and stuff.

Kate
Erm, I guess so. I am aching. I need a, a.

Me
I am sorry, Kate, but although I was aroused by this, I cannot take advantage of
you. This was meant to be a punishment. I do trust you will abide by our deal?

Kate
Oh yes, I will, I really feel terrible about it all.

Me
OK, as a treat then, how do you feel about  a little caning?

Kate
You, have one?

Me
I think I could find something suitable.

Kate
Ok, my mother does not know of my liking  for this kind of thing. You won't tell
her will you?

Me
Oh, know, why should I.

I let Kate up  and she arranged herself, well her panties, and tried to sit on
the sofa. If I had had good eyes, I feel sure it would have been a nice sight.
She was obviously squirming. I went and got a long thin Graphite one piece cane.
I had stopped using it for mobility, as it was too springy. It was rather long
though, about 135 mm in fact.

Kate
Fu.. er I mean, its very big..

Me
Oh, this, yes, lets see how it does.  Please remove your panties, and bend over
and hold your ankles.

Kate was silent for a few moments, then said
Ok, I love a challenge.

After some experimentation, I put a chair in front of Kate while she was bent
over, just in case. Remember, I could not see her well, and I needed to get the
geometry right.

Once this was done, I did a few test swats to get the aim right. It was not easy
to aim and I soon decided that I would need to hold the cane further down to get
the dynamics right.

I chuckled.

Kate
What is so funny

Me
It was you getting entangled in one of my canes that caused you to be here, now
here I am getting ready to beat you with one.

Kate giggled nervously.

Me
Now, young lady, your arse is going to burn. To stop, say red. Please feel free
to scream.

I started gently, but soon found the graphite  had a natural  resonance that was
hard to break.

Zing, crack, zing, crack.

Kate took around 4 before I heard a pretty little scream. I was not that
accurate on aim, so where they hit was probably rather random. I then decided to
give it all I had.

Zing, ccrack,

Kate ooooweee

I landed about 10 like this with ever increasing yelps and screams. Kate did not
move, or if she did, I was still hitting her arse. I could not see it of course.

Another 5 and she yelled red red red.

I stopped and said
Are you OK

Kate
I need to come, I need to.

Me
OK, hang on.

I  found her and helped her lay down. I unceremoniously removed her t shirt and
started fondling her nipples, they felt so good, so , well you know.

Now I am not that experienced in these things, so what the other hand was doing
was not clear. Fortunately, Kate's  hand guided it to her special places, most
of which seemed hot, wet, smelled great and quivered when touched. A big clue
here, I thought.

Strangely, unlike in  some of these  stories I was not interested in getting my
rock hard cock (not in this case) out and fuccking her. My delight in just
helping her to achieve whatever it was  she was achieving  was my reward.

After a few minutes of administering pinches, rubbings and just touching, she
gave a slight grunt and and quivered a bit, then relaxed.

Me
Kate, are you OK?

Kate
Oh, yes  I am OK. I  just needed to release the pent up feelings.

Me
Was that an orgasm then?

Kate
Well it worked for me.

Me
Ok, so I think maybe we had  better stop now?

Kate
Yes, my mother will worry that you might have been that axe murderer after all.

I laughed, then said.
Look, Kate, I will call a cab and they can get you and your bike home.

Kate
Oow, Ok, sorry.

Kate had rolled onto a very sore part of her arse. She got up and said.
Have you got a mirror I can use?

Me
Ah,  I may have one in the wardrobe door, have a look upstairs in the left
bedroom.

Kate got up and went up stairs.
I then heard..

Kate
Jesus Christ

Me shouting
What is the problem

Kate
My arse is crimson and crossed with stripes and blisters.
My mother will wonder what has been going on.

Me
Tell her how you kept swearing, and how you are now a much nicer person and have
learnt your lesson.

Kate
Um, well, there is not much else I can do.

I went up to Kate and put my hand on her arse. It was hot, and I could feel the
lines and blisters. Kate drew in her breath as I fondled it. It was so alluring,
and the effect of just barely touching tortured flesh had completely passed me
by all these years. Kate was getting turned on again, I could smell it, so I
stopped touching  her bum,  and lightly patted it.


We both went downstairs, and Kate got dressed. We discovered that her jeans had
a hole in them where her leg was cut, but the good news was that her ankle felt
better.

I had called the cab, and they would be along in about 30 minutes , so I rang
Kate's Mother and told her how naughty her girl had been. I then put Kate on and
listened.

Kate
No mum, I am fine now. I do love you, honest. Him? I do not know.

I whispered in her ear, I am called Brian.

Kate laughed, and repeated it to her mother.

Kate
Yes, it is very red, I am, and there is no hard feeling  with  erm Brian. See
you soon.

There was  a knock at the door, and it was the cab, well the driver actually,
they have not made cabs that clever yet.

Kate grabbed my arm as the driver was loading her broken bike into the back. She
hugged me and plonked a great big kiss on my cheek. she whispered

I think I learnt a lot about blindness today. Thank you and I know where to come
if I feel naughty.

Me
Goodbye Kate, I am  sure we could find some ways to help you in future if you
felt you needed it.

She got in, and the taxi drove off, leaving me rather stunned at what had
transpired. 

I only wish making people aware of the problems us VIPs have in a sight
dependent world  could be made as pleasurable as educating Kate had been.

End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Switchmaybe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





