BDSM Library - Colette's Latest Visit




Colette's Latest Visit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Here is the Colette's way to pay the dinner bill.
COLETTE'S LATEST VISIT
by James

It is Friday afternoon and Colette has just arrived at Bill's home, precisely at
4 pm.  Unsure of what the night might bring, she rechecks her hair, makeup and
outfit in the reflection of the front door.  She's particularly proud of how she
looks with her hair curled just right, a bit too much makeup (which is also
brighter than she normally wears), a very tightly fitting, green micro-mini
dress with a plunging neckline allowing the pushup bra that she wearing to force
an overabundance of cleavage into view and a hemline so short that the black
lace of her thong can be seen if she bends even a little, completing her outfit
is a strand of pearls around her neck and a pair of 6" platform heels (which she
hasn't completely mastered walking with yet).  Satisfied that Bill will be
impressed, she rings the bell....

After what seems like an eternity, Bill answers the door and he immediately
plants a deep French kiss on her bright red lips.  Pausing only a moment to
catch his breath, he kisses her deeply again, allowing his tongue and his hands
to explore her mouth and body.  He takes his time caressing her hair and running
his hands down her back, across her cheeks and up under her dress, feeling the
dampness of her panties.  Standing back, he admires her and brings his hand to
her cheek, slowly letting it slide down along her neck and, following the
dresses neckline, across her tits and deep into her cleavage.  Already dressed
for dinner, Bill says, "Let's go" as he escorts Colette to the rented Jaguar
sitting in the driveway.  Opening the door for her, there is little Colette can
do to prevent her black lace thong from being completely exposed as she slides
into the low seat.  Satisfied with everything, Bill speeds off to the
restaurant.

Anxious to show her off, Bill drives to La Beck Finns (the most exclusive French
restaurant in Philadelphia).  As he parks at the front door, he is amused
watching Colette try to exit the car without giving the valet too much of an
eyeful, which, judging by the bulge in his pants, she failed to do.  They walk
in and all eyes immediately go to Colette...it seems that all of the other women
there are wearing full-length evening gowns, which makes Colette stand out (no
pun intended) very noticeably.  They are escorted to a table in the front of the
room, which conveniently has a very short tablecloth and the waiter seats
Colette so that she is facing most of the other tables.  Colette, knowing that
there is no way for her to hide any of her legs, her thong or even the bottom of
her cheeks, begins to blush profusely.  After they order, Bill (who is feeling
particularly naughty and who is enjoying Colette's predicament) tells Colette to
open her knees a little.  Over the next several minutes, he instructs her
several times to open them even more until Colette is sitting there with her
knees 30" apart.  After Colette has had her second glass of wine, she excuses
herself to the ladies room, as she stands to leave, Bill tells her to bring back
the thong in her purse.  Mortified, Colette just sheepishly smiles and nods her
head.  When she returns, Bill makes her show them to him AND resume to
spread-legs sitting position.

After a few more glasses of wine, Colette again needs to relive herself and she
is sure that nothing else can happen as her pussy has been completely exposed to
the other patrons for more than thirty minutes.  As she stands, Bill again leans
towards her and instructs her to fold down the cups of her 3/4 cup bra so that
they are only supporting her breasts from underneath and to slide the shoulders
of her mini-dress down so that all of her cleavage is showing along with the
tops of her areolas.  After 4 glasses of wine, Colette doesn't seem to mind as
much and does as instructed.  When she returns to the table, she is practically
topless and bottomless with only her tummy and the extreme bottom of her tits
and very top of her ass hidden from view.  They finish dinner and the waiter
presents Bill with the check.  Bill smiles and slides it over to Colette saying,
"I think this belongs to you...dinner was YOUR idea!".  Stunned, Colette is sure
that she can't afford it and almost falls off of her seat when she sees the $428
total (not including the tip).  "I only have about forty bucks on me" she says,
adding, "and that's in my purse in my car at your place".  Shaking his head,
Bill sternly says, "It's YOUR responsibility, YOU invited me to dinner, now YOU
figure out how to pay for it."  Colette is upset by his comments and annoyed at
the chuckling from the other patrons.

Finally the manager comes over and asks what the problem is.  Bill calmly
explains that he is mortified because his date invited him to dinner and now she
refuses to pay for it.  Knowing that the shit is about to hit the fan, Colette
tries her best to explain what has happened.  Cutting her off in mid-sentence,
he says, "Look her madam, first you disrupt my other 'paying' patrons with the
outrageous way that you are dressed and now you refuse to pay for the fine meal
that we provided.... I'm calling the Police!"  "NO, NO, please don't do that, my
husband would kill me...what can I do to work this out?"  "Your HUSBAND, you
mean that you're cheating too, what kind of a slut are you?" shouts the manager. 
Bill fakes a great stunned look and says, "Married???? I didn't know you were
married...I'm appalled!" to which the manager added, "I can't believe this, I'm
going to get the owner!" as he stormed off.

A few minutes later, a stunning woman in her fifties with long black hair,
wearing a black leather cat suit and spiked thigh high boots walked to Bill's
table.  She had an air of authority about her and from the way she was treated,
it was evident that she was the owner.  She introduced herself as Suzette and
repeated what the manager had told her and asked if it were true.  Colette again
tried to explain, but was cutoff when Suzette asked, "Are you going to pay for
the meal or not?"  Bowing her head, all Colette could do was shake her head, no.

"May I have your attention please...first I'd like to apologize for the
disturbance, but it seems that we have a moocher among us....this woman deceived
this poor guy by making him think that she was single and then brought him here
for a romantic dinner that she now refuses to pay for...does anyone have any
ideas what I should do?"  A distinguished older gentleman said, "Yes, call the
Police and be done with her!"  "Well, that is a possibility but I'd rather take
care of it in-house."  A very large black woman stood up and said, "Look at the
bitch, she's practically naked...why don't you do something with that?"  A
glimmer appeared in Suzette's eyes and she had Colette taken out of the room
while she discussed a plan with her patrons.  With the exception of one couple,
who promptly left (after receiving a free meal), everyone agreed with the plan. 
Suzette walked to the door, and locked it.  She also placed the closed signs in
the window and pulled the shades.

While all of this was going on, Colette had been lead to the kitchen, where the
staff was eyeing her up and speaking back and forth in French, with much
laughter.  After several minutes a large black dishwasher lead Colette back to
the dining room and placed her back into the chair where she had eaten dinner.

"OK Colette, this is what we are going to do....first we have a few tasks for
you to perform, then we will have an audience participation segment and finally
you will work with my staff, is that acceptable?" asked Suzette.  "I I I I I'm
not sure that I understand" stammered Colette.  "Well, it's really quite
simple...you owe me $428 for your meal, PLUS you've interrupted my guest's
meals...and you have to pay for it...it's either that or I call the Police." 
Colette shot a pleading look to Bill who said, "No way, don't get me
involved...you USED me to cheat on your husband...I'll hang around and give you
a ride home, that's it".  Reluctantly, Colette agreed to do whatever Suzette
told her to do.

"OK, first lay across that table with you legs spread so that your pussy is in
plain sight.", Suzette said, adding, "No, no that will never do." as she
motioned to the manger.  "Go get a few table cloths and put them behind her to
prop her up so everyone can see her face and her tits and so she can see
everyone watching her."

Once Colette was propped up Suzette said, "Now Colette we want you to start
masturbating....use your left hand to stroke your clit and make sure to get the
fingers from your right hand deep into that pussy."  "You are to keep it up
until I tell you to stop, Oh and one other thing, when anyone hands you ANYTHING
your are to push it into your pussy and pump it in-and-out instead of your
fingers...Got it...now begin!"  At first, not much happened...some of the
couples were fondling each other and one in the back was kissing.  To get things
going, Suzette handed Colette a glass stem-vase that is flared at the top, which
Colette dutifully sank into her now sopping pussy....next was a large
saltshaker, which her pussy practically swallowed.  Someone brought up a pepper
grinder and made sure that the 'dispensing end' went into her pussy.  Intrigued,
Suzette approached Colette and began twisting the arm on top forcing freshly
ground pepper deep into Colette's pussy, which caused Colette to howl.  Many
items followed, including silverware, wine and condiment bottles, large stirring
spoons (wide side in), spatulas, mixing arms, a size 11 shoe and even an
umbrella.  All-in-all Colette was pumping things into her pussy for over an hour
and her arms and pussy ached, so Suzette told her to stop, but upon noticing
that one couple (screwing on a table nearby) were intently watching Colette and
not wanting them to lose their 'high", she walked to Colette intending to
forcefully fuck her with the umbrella, but had a better idea as she approached. 
Telling Colette not to move she forced the umbrella as deeply as it would go,
then with a sinister smile, she began to open and close it as far as she could
get Colette's pussy to stretch.  This elicited screams of pain from Colette and
of passion from the couple as all three came very forcefully!

"OK, Colette, you may stand now." Suzette said as she removed the soaked and
slightly bent umbrella.  Next she led Colette to the center of the room where
the patrons immediately surrounded her.  Verbally abusing her, the patrons
decided that she wasn't appropriately dressed and began to rip little pieces
from her dress.  This went on for twenty minutes until the dress was completely
gone.  They spent the next ten minutes doing the same to her bra and it was
truly amazing just how many patrons missed pieces of cloth and grabbed skin
instead.  When she was completely naked (except for her platform heel) she was
passed around in the circle as each of the patrons groped at her tits, ass,
cunt, hair, face, and anything else that they wanted to touch, feel, pull at, or
otherwise handle.

Finally, Suzette broke it up and instructed Colette to bend at the waist and to
support herself with a chair, which allowed her huge, pendulous breasts to hang
completely away from her ample body.  Producing two very thick rubber bands
(approximately 1/2 inch thick and only two inches across, she explained to
Colette how envious she was of large breasts.  She placed the rubber bands on
each of Colette's tits just below the nipples and asked for a volunteer.  A
large black woman came up and Suzette explained that the rubber bands had to be
moved to the base of Colette's breasts for he to feel their full effect.  "Let's
start with the left on...grab her nipple and stretch her tit as far as you can
while I work the rubber band down."  Colette began to howl again as the black
woman stretched her tit to twice it's length.  She held it there for the full
five minutes that it took Suzette to properly place the band to effectively
reduce the blood return from Colette's tit.  They repeated the ceremony for the
other tit and Colette was ordered to stand,  some swelling was already
noticeable in both tits and they were also beginning to turn red.  "Just so you
know what these are for", Suzette says, pointing to the rubber bands, "It's a
method that we use in France to sensitize the tits....The longer that the bands
stay in place, the more sensitive your tits, especially the nipples, will
become, eventually making even the casual touch and excruciating event...Now we
will move to the next segment, audience participation, and by the way those
bands will stay in place until everyone is through." Suzette said with a sneer.

With that, Colette's arms were tied behind her back, with rope added to the
elbows to cause her tits to be thrust out even more.  First she was instructed
to get down on her knees and it was explained that she would give each guy a
blowjob and that when he was finished he would place a pair of clothespins
somewhere on her tits.  Suzette added, "...and guys, feel free to chose where
you shoot your cum...down her throat...on her face...over her tits...or in her
hair...YOUR choice".  Colette could already feel the pressure building in her
tits when she started on a very distinguished gentleman of about 60.  Taking his
time, he elected to coat her throat when he came, causing her to gag from so
much cum.  He decided to place both of his clothespins right on Colette's
nipples causing her to howl when she realized how sensitive they had become. 
The next guy was a bit younger and Hispanic with a larger cock and he thought
that it would be more interesting to shoot onto her forehead and watch it ooze
down over her face.  Afterwards he placed both of his clothespins on the
underside of her tits.  Two white guys in their mid-twenties followed, after
bringing the first guy off, who also shot into her face, she squealed when he
placed his clips on her areolas.

Colette's tits were now extremely sensitive and very red and angry looking from
all of the blood being trapped in them.  The second white guy now started and
being a little smaller built, he decided to hold the back of her head and fuck
her mouth for all he was worth.  He shot another load down here throat and got
her to scream when he added the clips.  Next was a tall, extremely well built
black man (it turns out that he was a lineman for the Eagles professional
football team), whose cock dwarfed everyone else's in the room.  Colette had a
very difficult time even getting her mouth around its end.  Slowly, while
continuing to increase pressure, he managed to get the first 10" inside causing
Colette to gag and also making breathing difficult.  He slid it all the way in
and then all the way out with each stroke (holding out for more than twenty
minutes).  Finally, he came and shot large streams of cum all over her face and
down her chin.  Clips followed and then the other 5 male patrons got there turn. 
Once they were through, Colette couldn't figure out which hurt more (her arms so
tightly tied behind her, her tits with those hideous rubber bands and twenty
clothes pins attached or her mouth from all the fucking and sucking that it had
to endure.

"OK, girls now it's your turn, but first lets get her cleaned up."  Said Suzette
calling two waitresses from the kitchen.  Each waitress, equipped with a rough
towel began to vigorously wash Colette's face, occasionally bumping into her
tits causing Colette to flinch and scream.  When they were through they had also
removed Colette's make-up and knowing that Suzette would never accept that, they
walked to Bill's table and poured the contents of Colette's purse onto the
table.  Returning to Colette, they began to reapply her makeup, this time making
it even thicker and brighter than before.  A pad was brought from the kitchen
with the center cut out (so that Colette could lay on it with her arms not being
injured) and was laid in the middle of the room.  Colette was helped to lie down
on it and then two pillows were brought out and placed one on each side of her
head so that she couldn't turn it either way.  "Now the idea here is for each of
you ladies to sit, with all of your weight, onto Colette's face and to remain
there until you cum...I suggest that you play with the clips for your amusement
as a woman screaming into your pussy is very exciting." said Suzette, adding,
"Oh, and the fly-swatter is to be used by each of you to remove your husbands
clothes pins...you will find that Colette's tits are extremely sensitive now so
I suggest that you move your pussy away from her mouth before you strike so that
you don't get bitten!"

The women follow the same order as their husbands and Colette is having a hard
time eating each of their pussies while trying to breath and to forget about her
excruciatingly painful tits.  When they get to woman number five (the black
football player's wife), she says that she' prefer to go last and everyone
agreed.  The other women continued to grind their pussies into Colette's face
and to slap the clips from her tits with the flyswatter...surprisingly, many of
them missed, instead hitting the dark red flesh of Colette's tits causing her to
buck and scream in pain.  Finally it was the black woman's turn.  She was 5' 8"
tall with a forty-eight EEE chest, a reasonably thin waist for a full-figured
woman, a very wide ass and thick thighs.  She also weighted close to 300 lbs. 
Colette gasped when she saw this huge, very hairy pussy coming towards her face. 
Unable to avoid it, she immediately began struggling just to breath, which only
excited the woman even more.  After a few minutes the woman began to play with
the clothespins on Colette's tits causing Colette to scream loudly into her
pussy.  Becoming even more excited, the woman began to grind her pussy onto
Colette's face, practically suffocating her.  On the verge of passing out,
Colette was able to at last make the woman cum.  Having a difficult time
"mastering" the flyswatter, it took the woman over 20 tries to knock the clips
from Colette's now badly swollen globes, much to the excitement of the other
patrons.

Colette was given a few minutes to rest along with a glass of water before she
was drug over and unceremoniously tied, face down, over a table leaving her cunt
and ass in plain view.  Her weight added to the pressure in her tits is almost
too much to bear so she doesn't notice the first guy enter her cunt until he
hits bottom.  She also missed Suzette's explanation that every guy could fuck
either her cunt or her ass (or both) and that any of the women who wanted would
be supplied with a strap-on...not surprisingly, ALL of the women asked for one. 
Each patron takes his/her turn trying to stretch Colette's ass and cunt shooting
cum into her ass and deep into her cunt (as no condoms were allowed either). 
Finally through, Suzette hands the first gentleman a long leather paddle and the
man's wife a short riding crop with the explanation that they are to be used on
Colette's ass and cunt respectively with one stroke given for each of that
patron's age.  While Colette's ass and cunt are being pummeled, Suzette sets up
the final phase of Colette's evening.  When the last patron finishes, Colette's
ass is bright red and covered with welts, her cunt is red, raw and very tender
from the crop, and her tits fell as if they are going to explode.

"Colette, you've now completed your second task and only have one more to go." 
Suzette says, as she leads Colette to the kitchen.  "Could you please remove the
rubber bands now, my tits feel like the are going to burst?" asks Colette
sheepishly.  "NO," Suzette answers with a laugh,  "my kitchen crew have
requested that they stay in place for now."  Once in the kitchen, Colette is
lead to a large sink filled with dishes, her hands are untied and retied in
front of her and Suzette finishes with, "Well, you didn't think that you were
going to mooch off of me and NOT clean dishes, did you???"

Colette reluctantly begins to wash the dishes when the large black dishwasher
walks up behind her and begins to shove his huge cock into her ass.  "Suzette
said that we can do anything we like to you until that sink is empty." he says
with a smile.  He procedures to fuck her ass as she quickly tries to clean the
dishes to both keep her mind off of her ass and to limit anything else from
happening.  Just then a black waitress walks up to her and starts cursing
Colette out for allowing her boyfriend to fuck her ass.  Realizing her golden
opportunity, the waitress reaches up and begins to pull and scratch Colette's
extremely sore tits.  Crying now, Colette continues to work on the dishes as a
chef comes up and, pushing the waitress away, begins to whack Colette's tits and
tummy with a large wooden spoon, telling her how tired he is of the
"holier-than-thou" attitude of American women.  Meanwhile, the waitress begins
to pull Colette's hair, jerking her head around like a puppet's.  Her boyfriend
finally sends a stream of almost endless cum deep into Colette's bowels and he
and the waitress walk off.  Now another helper has come up behind her and he
sticks his cock into her cunt telling her that if she's not good he's going to
take a whip to her tits.  Liking the idea, the chef drops the spoon and begins
to use his belt on Colette, covering her front from neckline to knees with
welts.  Still focusing on the dishes, Colette finishes the dishes at the same
time as the helper shoots his load into her womb.  Suzette stops the chef, who
is getting a little over-zealous and takes Colette to the ladies room to let her
freshen up.  She unties Colette's hands and allows her to use the toilet and to
fix her hair and makeup, but tells her that the rubber bands must stay in place
until they return to the dining room where she has a bucket of ice ready for
Colette to submerge them into.

As they walk into the dining room, Colette almost jumps out of her skin as
everyone yells "SURPRISE".  Looking around she sees that the room has been
redone done in a birthday theme and she is amazed to see Bill and several other
of her friends in the room laughing.  A cake is wheeled out as she gingerly hugs
everyone (still trying to protect her sore tits).  Noticing that there are no
candles on the cake, Bill walks over to Colette and producing candles attached
to sharp pins, proceeds to sink the appropriate number into Colette's tits
(including one through each nipple), eliciting even more howls.  After each of
the candles was lit and the speeches made (which were purposely long to allow
the candles to melt all over Colette's tits and nipples), Colette is allowed to
blow out the candles.  Each guest is then allowed to remove a candle as a
keepsake and Colette is lead to a large stainless container filled with ice
water.  Bill and Suzette, each armed with a pair of scissors, snip off the tight
rubber bands and immediately force Colette's tits into the cold water.  After
the initial screams, Colette begins to whimper, finally purring as they gently
message life back into her tits.

Colette is kept naked (except for her shoes and necklace) for the remainder of
the party and when it's time to leave, she proudly walks to the Jag as naked as
can be.  On the trip home, Bill explains that the birthday idea was a joint
project between him and Colette's husband, Jim.  "I really appreciate all that
you both did to set it up...my tits are going to take a week to heal, but I had
a phenomenal time...I just wish that Jim was here to see it."  That being said,
Bill showed her a videotape, explaining that was why he couldn't take part in
the activities.  The drive home was uneventful, except for the occasional double
take at Colette's nudity.  Colette nestled her head against Bill's shoulder and
he took a long, relaxing drive through the country back to his place.  Once
there, he took her inside where he gave her the rest of his present...sex with
her in every room and position for the remainder of the weekend.  Colette
returned home to Jim on Sunday night with a videotape and a story about a
birthday that she'll never forget.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  James


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





