BDSM Library - Birthday slut




Birthday slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Short story. For his birthday he wanted to be taken by his Wife. To watch her climb into a strap-on and take his virgin ass. Well today was his day and his gifts were about to be delivered. Read his transformation from male to slut!
Story: Birthday Slut

The following is a story I personally wrote. The names and identities have been
altered to protect the guilty. Hope you enjoy it as much as I do.




Birthday Slut
------------------

The night of torment and hell was about to begin.

After a fun day of play, I walked into my house. My Wife was sitting in the
front room, watching TV. I said hello. She told me to lock the door and  take
off all my clothes. I started to ask why and she firmly said, "Now slut.  Get
out of those clothes and get over here." She turned her head to continue 
watching TV. I stripped off my clothes and walked over to her where I knelt 
before her with my hands behind my back and my head bowed. I made sure not to 
block her view of the TV set.

When the commercial came on, a few minutes later, she reached over and grabbed
my hair. Yanking my hair and forcing my head back, I was eye to eye  to a wife I
haven't seen before. She was all business and made sure I knew  who was in
charge. She said, "Slut. Tonight you are mine. I am ready to give  you what you
want but under my terms. Are you ready and willing to suffer the  consequences?"

Looking in her eyes, which were just inches away and her aura of total  control,
excited me and caused me to not answer her fast enough. The TV show  was coming
back from commercials when she let me go. She said "I'll take that  as a yes." I
was ordered to go to the bathroom and relieve myself. "Clean up  and get back
here."

Walking back to the room, she told me to take the barstool and put it in  the
middle of the room. As I did that she pointed to a bag on the table and I  was
told to lie out the contents on the table. As I emptied the bag, I laid  out
ropes, paddles, dildos, restraints, floggers, butt plugs, clamps, and a  gag.
The show was almost over so she told me to place a pillow on the  stool and
assume the position. What had I got myself into?  Not only  was I rock hard from
being excited but a sense of fear took over by a  sadistic side I never saw on
my wife. My only thought was to please her so I lay over the stool.

The show ended and she got up, picked up the ankle restraints and walked  over
and put them on me. Next my hands were secured and all four of my limbs  were
securely tied to the barstool.  My upper body was then secured to the  seat of
the stool with more rope. The final touches were when she took two  lengths of
rope and reached between my legs and tied one length around the  head of my cock
and the other length of rope around my ball sac. The ropes  were pulled taught
and tied off on the rugs of the stool.

Walking around to my front, she once again grabbed my hair and yanked up my
head. She looked me into the eyes and said, " You have been asking for this  for
sometime. Are you sure you are ready? To show that I love you, I give you  two
choices. The first choice I offer is I can untie you now. We will go to  bed and
there will be no play or sex for at least one month. Your other  choice is to
submit 100% to me, right here and now. You asked for a spanking  and I am ready
to give it to you, under my terms. I'll give you a moment to think about it."
She let go off my hair and walked into the bedroom for who knows what.

Left alone to contemplate my future, I wondered if I could take it or not.  
Also what were her terms?  About 10 minutes later she walked back and asked  me,
"How is my baby. Are you ready to be my slut, or should we forget it and  just
go to sleep." This time she was caressing my ass along with my ever-growing
cock. I was in an emotional sexual daze when I agreed to be her slut.  She said,
"Good" With that she slapped me across the ass with her hand and laid down her
rules. " First you are my property. I will do anything I want to you. I will
take  you as my pain slut, my fuck slut or anyway I want." While rubbing my ass, 
she said, "Who's ass is this?" Yours Mistress I say. She says, "Thank you but 
I'm not happy." My ass is smooth but it is too white. "I like a rosey Red  Ass.
And I get what I want." She then plants a firm slap on her ass causing  me to
jump.

Walking to the table, she picks up the breadboard and walks back to me.  
Sticking the board in my face she tells me, I am her baker man. Now she will 
make my buns rise. The tone of her voice sent chills down my spine, but there 
was no turning back.  Rubbing the board over my ass, she said "Happy  Birthday"
as she picked up the paddle and firmly slapped it back down on my  ass. The
intense pain caused me to yelp and holler. She laid the paddle down  and walked
back to the table. Picked up something I later learned was the gag.  Walking
back over to me, she pulled my head up and sneered into my face.  Pressing the
gag to my closed mouth, she said, "No one gave you permission  to speak.  Now
open your mouth." As I gingerly opened, she shoved the gag  inside, causing me
to gag. She slapped me across the face and said hold still.  She snugly secured
the straps to the gag and gazing into my fear laced eyes, she said Good, now
where were we.

She picked up the paddle and laid it on my ass. "Now in honor of your  birthday,
you will get 43 slaps with this bread board." My ass clenched in  horror until
she said, "But since you spoke, I'll have to double your  punishment." I started
to shake and say NO through the gag. "One more sound  and I'll double it again,
my pain slut." I shook in fear but knew better than  to say another word. She
wanted a Red Ass and by the warmth I felt, she was  getting what she wanted. The
pain was real but I was her slut and I was here  to please her. After about 40
or 50 slaps, but who was counting, she stopped  and walked back to my face.
Gently picking up my face, she showed a look of  concern as she asked me how I
was doing. She asked if I love her. She asked  if I was her pain slut. I nodded
yes to all. Good she said as she lowered my  head and walked back to my ass.

"Now where were we. I'm sorry but I lost count. Looks like we need to start all
over again." I violently shook my head NO, but she reminded me my role  as her
pain slut and she will make me squeal like the pain pig I am. The  punishment
commenced with earnest and was not long before the tears started  flowing from
my eyes. After a few more slaps, she took notice to my tears.   Telling me this
is what I wanted, she said there will be no mercy. With that she continued to 
administer the punishment despite my whimpered pleas for mercy.

By the time she had finished, I was so far in subspace, I was afraid I  created
a major puddle of tears at my feet. Bringing me back from subspace, I  felt the
most tenders hands soothing my red hot ass. Her words of comfort and  thanks
helped make everything feel better. She said she has a special way to  thank me.
With that she walked in front of me and gently lifted my head.   Through tear
stained eyes, I saw that she had strapped on a dildo. My emotions  took over as
the sight shocked me back into reality.  "Not only are you my  pain slut but you
are also my fuck slut. Now that you got me excited and you  got what you wanted,
I will now get what I want. Your ass is mine, inside  and out. Now I will finish
the job as I fuck my bitch. You are my bitch,  are you not" I shook my head yes.
She said, "That is a good slut.  Know your  place and keep me happy slut." She
lowered my head and walked behind me.  Picking up a tube of lubricant. She put
the nozzle inside my hole and shot a  glob of lube inside. Some of it trickled
out as she rubbed the excess around  the opening. Gently inserting one, two and
then three fingers in my opening,  she said I was now ready to give up my
cherry.

Taking her place behind me, she pressed the head of the dildo against my hole.
"RELAX" she said as she gently pushed it deeper and deeper inside my  bowels.
She stopped and allowed me to get used to the size and feeling, after  she was
all the way in. After a couple minutes, she pulled almost all the way  out and
then slammed it back in to the hilt. I lurched in pain but that did  not stop
her. Her feelings of Total Domination took over as she rode me like  a wild
bucking bronc as she kept calling me her fucking slut and bitch.

The next thing I remember is laying beside her as she is comforting and thanking
me. The love and trust between us, at this moment is to intense  for words. Even
though it may be a few days before I can comfortably sit,  this is one birthday
I will cherish forever.

Copyright LVHangman@1999




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  LV Hangman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





