BDSM Library - The Exam




The Exam
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: High school heart throbs David and Mike are due for special physicals with a new doctor. These 2 punks have been screwing up all year and their parents believe that Dr. Blume and his staff have just the medicine to make them more obedient... 
The Exam ~ Parts 1
By Jarron Greene

__________________________________________________________
David stood under the shower letting the hot water run down his smooth tight
body. Man, it felt good. He raised his arms and the spray hit his almost
hairless pits, then down his over his broad pectorals, around his lean waist and
straight onto his long uncut penis. He was definitely hung like a 21-year-old,
not like the high school kid that he was. The water poured down the shaft and
off the covered head, creating another spray. He soaped up his upper body,
rubbing his chest and abs, letting the soap roll over his tan skin. He lowered
his hands down to his long cock, washing his fat tool. He was so proud of his
big tool, and it was the envy of every dude in the locker room. David would
watch their eyes as he walked bareassed through the dank musty weight room
toward the showers. He would flip his towel over his broad shoulders and parade
past his teammates and the coaches. He could feel the big meat flopping from
thigh to thigh; the head actually making a sound as it "THWAPPED" his muscular
legs. The guys who weren't as well equipped would stare, some actually slack
jawed, at the floppy dong.  He liked showing it off to the guys and to the
coaches who weren't as hung as he was. Everyone said that he should be an actor,
but he scoffed at that notion. Waaaaay to faggy for a guy like him, he believed.

But today at home, in his private bathroom shower there was no one to watch him.
Before he knew it, his cock was standing straight up and the foreskin had pulled
back revealing a big purple head. He rubbed his soapy hands around the tip and
moaned accidentally aloud. His thoughts were all about his girlfriend Cindy, how
she looked at him when he stripped for her and flexed his taut tan body for her.
She liked to look at him naked and she liked to keep him that way for hours,
making him do sit-ups and pushups until he was soaking wet, and exhausted. She
got off on making him work like a horse for her. She wouldn't, however, let him
fuck her. He would kneel in front of her, naked and humiliated, begging to stick
his oversized young tool into her. Sweating and raw from exercising, he would
plead, almost to the point of tears, for her to just touch it. She would just
point and laugh at his donkey dong standing straight out. Then maybe just maybe,
she might let him masturbate onto a small rag she put on the floor for him. When
he would be allowed to cum, the spooge shot out of his dick in huge white gobs
and she would giggle and tell him to get dressed. She liked watching the sweaty
animal beat his tool. Poor David had no idea that Cindy had a video camera
stashed above her bookcase and filmed him for hours. She was saving the film for
just the right time, for the ultimate pay back. Several months earlier David had
drunkenly attacked her cousin at a party, only to get of scott free with the
help of some expense lawyers. It had taken almost a year, but she gained David's
trust and made herself indispensable and irresistible. Now he was following HER
orders. Although, she hated having the dumb-shit jock touch her, it would be
worth every repulsive moment. If he only knew... 

But for now, he just stroked his cock, soaped up and ready to shoot. Man, it
felt good to pump his long tube. His eyes were shut under the hot shower and he
was oblivious to the bathroom door opening quietly.

"David...get out of there! We have to be at the doctor's in 20 minutes!" It was
his dad, standing outside the shower curtain. David turned in the shower to face
the wall in case his dad opened the curtain, "I'll be right out," he answered
back.

"OUT NOW!" his old man yelled. The older man had not patience for the boy
anymore. His attitude was abhorrent and now his grades were dropping, also and
after the episode with the girl that had screamed "rape", David was getting
close to a permanent grounding. He could see his father's silhouette through the
plastic curtain, was he actually tapping his foot?

"Gimme a minute to rinse off. Please?" he shot back. David looked down at his
oversized cock still standing straight up. He couldn't cum now, there wasn't
enough time. He only needed a few more seconds. Man, he never had any privacy;
he couldn't even have 10 minutes to beat...

The curtain ripped back and open. David's hands shot to cover his bone, and as
his palms rubbed the head, the milk flew out of the top spraying the wall and
hips bucked back and forth. What was he doing? Cumming in front of his old man? 
He couldn't control it; the spooge just kept shooting out. Shit, he could even
hear it hitting the shower wall! The last drops ran down his shaft and his dad's
workpants. Then he looked up at his dad, like a beaten puppy.

"What the fuck is that?" his dad yelled. "Can't you keep your hands off it?" he
demanded. His dad grabbed him by the biceps and yanked him out of the shower.
"Just because you got that big tool, you think you are a man?" he asked.

"No Sir," he answered humbly. His Father could only think of how Dr. Blume would
fix alot of these problems.

"Get to your room and get dressed. We are going to be late for your physical.
Now march!" Almost completely naked and wet, David walked down the hall toward
his bedroom. His hardon was still fat and floppy, bouncing from thigh-to-thigh
and making that audible "WHACK" he always heard in the locker rooms. Beads of
semen still fell off the tip. He had never been so fucking humiliated. The face
towel his Dad had handed him didn't even cover his bag or his cockhead. He
walked past his little sister's room and could hear her and the other 9-year-old
girls giggling at him.

When he got to the room, he was stunned as she stood next to his dresser mating
socks. "MOM, what are you doing in here?" he shouted. Her eyes immediately went
to his crotch, "your penis is nothing I haven't seen plenty of times," she
replied, "are you sure that you are still washing it like i taught you to?" This
was all too much for the boy.  Not only was staring at him, talking about his
manhood AND she had laid out his clothes on the bed. The clothes that she chose
for him; a ripped t-shirt that barely covered his navel, old baggy jeans that
sagged so low his little blonde bush sometimes showed, and a pair of ripped
briefs. He reached for a better shirt on the bureau and she jumped in, "No, I
don't like that one as much as this tee..." she acted so sweet and concerned,
"so just put it on and don't question me." He felt 9 years old.

She put away the other shirt and watched as her teen son gave up yet another of
his options and pulled the old shirt over his head, the movement causing his
towel to fall off and onto the floor.  Reaching for it, she picked it up and
folded it, leaving him with a shirt that barely covered his abs and his long
uncut hose flopping around. With her intense staring, he dressed quickly;
pulling his briefs up and trying to stuff his oversized teen dick into the
tightey-whiteys. He desperately needed new shorts, as his long foreskin was
hanging through one of the holes. He pulled up his jeans, put on his ball cap,
and walked downstairs, where his dad was waiting.

The old man looked pissed and he obviously wanted to continue their "little
discussion" in the car. "What are we gonna do with you, boy?" his old man asked.
"You can't be pleasuring yourself all the time." His dad stared at him straight
on. David's face was beet red, he had never been caught before and since he only
masturbated when he absolutely had to, this was the worst. He went to bed with a
hardon and woke up with a hardon, rarely touching it. He was proud that his sack
was so full and swollen, he liked looking at his huge baby-makers hanging down,
filled with spooge.

"No sir, it won't happen again," he promised. "You're damn right it won't happen
again," his dad shot back. "To make sure it doesn't, you'll be taking showers
with your Mom or I monitoring you. If we aren't available, then your sister or
your brother will be watching. One of us will also be with you every moment that
you are in the house. Also, until further notice, you will be sleeping on a cot
in his room for a few weeks."

"YOU'RE KIDDING!" David yelled. This was unreal, this couldn't be happening! "NO
I AM NOT, boy" his dad hollered back, "you want me to tell your poor mother what
I saw today? It would kill her. She knows you got that big dick, but she doesn't
need to know that you beat it, 24-7."

"But...Dad I...no sir," David said just giving in; staring at the floor,
suddenly embarrassed just for having a big cock. "Good, then it's settled, now
get in the fucking car," his Dad answered. "Maybe we'll have to ask your doctor
what he thinks about you playing with yourself like a dumb animal. Huh, boy, are
you a monkey? Are you???" David could only stare straight ahead.

*************************************************************

David was scared to death during the long drive to the Doctor's office. He felt
as if his Dad was driving slowly on purpose, knowing that his son was nervous
about meeting the new doctor. David's old physician has moved to Florida a month
ago and turned his practice over to a new group of physicians. David had always
felt comfortable with Dr. Greene; the man had watched him grow up from a skinny
boy into a strong, well built youth. He had given the boy physicals from junior
high up to high school. He volunteered at the school and had seen more naked
dudes than any coach. He was always gentle and non-threatening when he examined
David, understanding how uncomfortable the boy must feel being completely naked
in front of the older man. He would look up and down at the boy admiring what a
muscular young man he had become over a few years. The boy had one of the
biggest penises he had seen on a ball player, and often he stared at it when
David wasn't looking. It just hung off of him, like a hose lying across one leg
or resting on the table when David would sit with his big thighs spread. Dr.
Greene respected his boys and only kept them naked for as long as they had to
be; understanding their shame. If their dicks got hard by accident, he would put
a paper towel over their young hardons, and reassuringly telling them it was
perfectly natural. Yes, David had always felt comfortable in his hands.

This time was going to be different.

David hadn't met Dr. Blume before and had heard only bad things about him. His
teammates had had their physicals with him and told stories about how he kept
the guys waiting naked for hours, while nurses came in and out of the room. How
he would ask embarrassing questions about the boys and their privates, then
relaying the answers to their parents. How he would examine them TOO closely,
spending too much time on the crotches. Almost as if he was trying to publicly
humiliate them.

Now it was David's turn. Today would alter his life.

Father and son pulled into the parking lot and they walked slowly into the
office. David was shuffling his feet and lagging behind his Dad. "Hurry up
Donkey Dong," his Dad ordered, using the nickname that David has come to dread.

The office was surprisingly empty with only 2 Mothers & their daughters. Then he
turned and saw his best bud, Mike Kinsey, who was seated with his own father.
The two jocks quietly nodded to each other. Their dad's shook hands and they all
sat down near each other. David hadn't expected to see his buddy waiting in
line, too.

The boys had grown up together and were closer than blood brothers. They worked
out together, partied together, and even banged that dumb chick together. That
stunt had cost their folks a bundle. No matter what the amount though, they
thought that night was pretty funny. The dumb girl was screaming and crying, and
Mike was yelling into her face "BOO HOO YOURSELF, YOU DUMB WHORE!!" David had
never seen his bud so drunk and angry. Mike just kept hitting her and laughing.
The evening wasn't complete until they had driven her into the woods and dumped
her beaten and spent. She woke up 4 hours later, wearing only a tequila bottle
in her snatch and the word 'CUNT' written on her tits, in lipstick. Just more
high school pranks, the studs believed.

As far as looks went, Mike Kinsey was the exact opposite of David, with dark
wavy hair and a slight fur on his young pecs, the two guys did have similar
builds though, and their cocks were equally as big, except that Mike was
circumcised. They knew that they were the two hottest dudes in school and
destined for a cool university, and would probably pledge the same frat, getting
their naked rear-ends beat in line next to each other.

But for now they were simply scared. Neither of them knew what to expect.

"Mike Kinsey?" the nurse called out from behind the window. Mike rose and walked
through the door to the examining rooms and Dr. Blume waited on the other side
smiling and guiding the kid to go into Room #2. The Dr. looked evil. Tall and
balding with a big beard, more muscular than David had expected. He looked very
no-nonsense and almost MEAN.

"Are you Mr. Kinsey?" the doctor asked. Mike's dad nodded and the Dr. replied by
motioning for him to join them. The older man walked through the door and they
were gone. David noticed a bulge in the man's pants. Was that a hardon? Nah, it
couldn't be, that wouldn't be right. But it looked big and it was sticking out
an awful lot. Nah, it couldn't be.

20 minutes later the nurse opened the door, and for a brief moment David could
swear he heard female laughter. She called for David to come in and he got up
slowly. His father rose behind him and walked with him.

"Dad, what are you doing?" he asked. "I am going with you, you'll never remember
anything he says...you dumb ass," he replied firmly. The kid didn't have a
choice in the matter. He would have his physical in front of his Dad, for the
first time in years.


The nurse walked into the examining room behind them. "You can sit on this
chair," she said motioning to the older man. David's Dad sat down and looked at
his boy. He was proud of the boy, proud of his musculature, proud of how tall,
blond and handsome he was. He was even proud of how hung the punk was. He knew
that the boy had been beating off in the shower and he knew the kid rarely
touched himself, only when he absolutely had to cum. He would peek into his
son's room in the middle of the night and see the kid sleeping naked, his
oversized penis standing straight up, begging for attention. The foreskin peeled
back, exposing the mushroom head, often a glint of glistening precum leaking
from the top. He knew that the punk almost never beat off, but he got an odd
thrill out of asking him and embarrassing his with questions about masturbation.
However, with the new showering and sleeping arrangements, David wouldn't even
have a chance to touch it. His wife was vehement about her son NOT achieving,
even if the "women" of the house had to take over and monitor the boy.

"You can strip," the nurse said to David, "naked." He looked shocked. "Naked?"
he asked. She sat down in the other empty chair and opened the jock's file,
"well of course," she answered smugly.  He took off his hat and handed it to his
father, then peeled his shirt up and off also handing it to his Dad. The nurse
stared straight at the kid, adding to his embarrassment. He kicked off his shoes
and pulled down his jeans handing the worn denims to his old man. Now he stood
in his briefs. He could feel a draft through the holes in them, one on his right
ass cheek and one near the head of his meat. He gulped, swallowed loudly and
looked at his father with pleading eyes. The old man had been in the army for
years and saw the nurse's presence as purely medical; she wasn't a woman, she
was a trained professional just doing her job. Although privately he knew that
Dr. Blume's staff had some strange tactics. These "techniques" were the points
with which his lawyer had convinced he and Mr. Kinsey.

"Everything, and NOW, little man," she said, her eyes narrowing in on his
underwear. This kid certainly looked dumb to her.

David put his fingers in the waistband of his shorts and lowered them down past
his hips, exposing his small blonde bush and then the base of his cock, he
picked up momentum and pulled them down past his knees, over his ankles and
stepped out of them. Quickly he stood up and held them in front of his exposed
equipment. His body turned red with embarrassment and beads of sweat broke out
on his forehead.

"Hand them to your Father, boy" she firmly stated. This is a no-nonsense bitch,
he thought.  David's dad reached out and yanked them from the kid, leaving his
son completely naked in front of the woman. David's hands quickly went to cover
cock and balls; he was too stupid to realize that the last 3 inches of his dork
and sack were still exposed.

"Don't even bother," the nurse said. "I see about 20 of those things a day" she
added, motioning to his oversized prick. "Yes ma'am," the boy responded. Did he
actually say "ma'am"?He was actually scared and was now glad that his Father had
accompanied them.

Just then the door opened wide and the Doctor entered. "Well, its good to see we
have started" he joked, pointing at the naked punk. He shook hands with David's
dad and ignored the naked kid. "Has the boy been weighed, nurse?" he asked. She
shook her head and motioned for David to follow her. He looked at his Dad
pleadingly, but his father said, "Go with her, boy." 

"Out there...in the hall?" the terrified boy said. She fired back with "unless
you want to drag the scale in here?"

David slowly walked out of the exam room and toward a lit room at the end of the
hall. He paused outside of the room Mike had walked into and froze in fear. On
the table, his buddy lay stripped naked and exposed. The kid's hands and feet
were locked into stirrups at either end of the table and the poor kids' hips
were buckled down. His legs were bent and spread wide, exposing his equipment to
the whole world. There was some kind of rubber rope wrapped around the kids' low
hangers, and his cock was standing up; rock hard and covered in a slimy paste.
"What were they doing to him? What kind of examination was he being subjected
to? Why was the kid's father just sitting there and not saying anything? How
could he let his son be subjected to this? Oh shit," David thought, "was that a
rubber hose coming out of Mike's cock?" The condom on his dick had a hole in the
tip to allow for the tube to hang out. And his buddies' poor asshole was
completely exposed with a thermometer sticking out, as if he were a child. To
complete his humiliation, an 8-year-old girl stood peeking in the door.  David
heard her Mom whisper; "It's called an erection, honey, see how funny it looks?"
The staff didn't even have the decency to keep the door closed. David gave him a
weak smile, but Mike just stared blankly, his eyes filled with tears. Davis
certainly cared for his bud; however, right now he was more concerned with his
own dignity.

"Move it," the nurse ordered. She grabbed David by the arm and walked him naked
to the room where the scale was. It was also the room where the other nurses,
both male and female were having lunch.  The crowd of about 5 people stopped
talking and stared at the stripped young jock. His hands immediately went to
cover his crotch.

"Don't bother punk," one of the male nurses said, standing up in a threatening
manner. The guy was huge and looked like a bodyguard than a nurse. He stood
behind David, pulling the boy's arms behind him, to correct the jock's posture,
which in turn meant forcing his dick even further out. The male nurse spoke, "he
is 6 foot tall, and weighs 187 pounds, all muscle it seems," this dialogue was
causing the girls at the table to giggle. The nurse took a tape measure from his
pocket, and held it around David's small waist. "29 inch waist, 17" biceps, and
a 44 inch chest," he said to the other male nurse, who wrote the details down
accordingly. Then he grabbed David's fat cock, noting that it measured 7.75
inches, flaccid.

"Now, get back in the room," he ordered to the boy, "and don't give the girls
anymore hard times, or you'll have to deal with me!" What hard times, David
wondered? He had been a good boy, he believed. As they exited the room, David
glanced at one nurse, who looked surprisingly familiar. Everything would be
changing for this rich prick very shortly, Jim thought.

The nurses walked him back down the hall past Mike's examining room and into his
own. He didn't bother to peek into his buddies' room, as he was afraid of what
he might see. He heard, though, a few audible yelps emanating from it. He didn't
want to see his teammate spread out like a knocked up cunt, humiliated and
exposed in front of strangers. Had he looked into the room, however, he might
have run from the building. His teammate, best friend, and co-conspirator was
not in good shape.

Not in very good shape, at all.

The doctor was waiting and took the boy's chart from Samantha, the nurse, and
she left without shutting the door. "Well, up on the table kid," the Doctor
said. The young jock hopped up onto the table and sat with his leg spread, balls
resting on the waxed paper cloth, and his vulnerable dong hanging over them.

"You have a good looking boy here," the Doctor said to David's dad, smiling.
"Strong build, broad shoulders, big cock, hefty testicles," the Dr. added. His
Dad agreed saying "The boy is going to make some woman real happy," as he looked
him over closely. David couldn't believe what he was hearing. Was this guy for
real? No one had ever talked about him like a piece of meat before, like a farm
animal up for auction. His whole body turned red in shame and he began to sweat
again. He looked to his father for some kind of support or defense. The man
merely sat there, smiling and nodding at the doctor, "That thing is a big part
of his problems," he added.

"Well...don't worry...I have seen plenty of kids who have had trouble
controlling their genitals. It's truly disgusting that they play with themselves
all day. So we'll work out a program for the boy, and in 6 months he'll have a
whole new attitude," the Doctor replied. Again, his dad simply smiled and
nodded.

David felt a brief relief as his Dad chimed in with, "his coach works him hard
every day and wants him to get into Jr. bodybuilding soon. He gets fed
nourishing food, does chores at home and doesn't date around. We keep him real
focused." David was incredulous; he couldn't believe what he was hearing. The
young blonde surfer-jock, sat slack jawed wondering how could they talk about
him like this.

The Dr. took his stethoscope to the boy's smooth chest and began placing it all
over his warm skin. David's nipples hardened against the touch of the icy cold
metal. He felt as if his whole body was shivering, as if the room was slowly
turning colder. Even his sack tightened up, almost like he was in danger.

"Are you nervous, boy?" the Dr. asked. "Are you ashamed of something...boy?" the
man kept referring to him as a "boy" and he hated it, because he prided himself
on his manhood! "No," the kid mumbled. His father jumped in immediately, "NO,
WHAT?" he corrected. "No Sir." David was humiliated.  

To work up the kid's heartbeat, the Dr. had him do a series of jumping jacks and
then made him in place. Within a few minutes he was covered with a film of
perspiration. He was completely embarrassed; bouncing around like that, with the
sweat now pouring off of his body and his big cock and balls swinging wildly in
front of him without support. Man, his nuts hurt and he were starting to
understand the curse of having low hangers. He was used to wearing a jock and
this was very different and very painful. All the while, the Dr. was asking his
dad questions about his medical history. When he was finished the Dr. continued
to check his heart and lungs with the stethoscope.

"Now lay back on the table, we have to take your temperature," the poor kid knew
what was coming next, yet he had no choice. "Lift and bend your legs into these
stirrups," the Doctor finished. Again, David complied. He was now in a very
scary position. The female nurse came back in with the big male nurse and they
stood at the foot of the table talking to the Dr. as if nothing were wrong.

"Jim," the Dr. said to the male attendant, "could you lift the boys testicles up
and out of the way, please." "David," the Dr. continued. "Spread your legs apart
a little more, NOW...farther...farther...okay."

Jim roughly grabbed the boy's sack, pulling it away from his body and held it
high for all to see, tightening his grip on the bag and holding his nuts until
they were shiny. The female nurse dipped an oversized thermometer into a jar of
Vasoline and twisted it around. She removed the glass tube and smeared the
grease down the length of it with her gloved hand.

"Please insert it into its' rectum, Samantha" the Dr. requested. David couldn't
believe his ears. Did the doctor really say "its", instead of "his"? The male
nurse lifted his balls father away from his body and the female slathered his
tight hole with the grease, even sticking her middle finger into the boys
wrinkled opening. He jumped and let out a sound similar to that of a wounded
animal.  Then she shoved the thermometer deep into David's tight ass and he let
out a loud another yelp. The sadistic male nurse asked the Dr. if he wanted the
boys "sack" tied or duct taped up and out of the way, and the Dr. replied with a
firm, "No let it go for now, Jim." "DUCT TAPE," David thought, "what kind of
fucked-up place is this?" He looked at his father in fear and hoping the man
would save his ass, again.

The male nurse continued holding the jock's scrotum tightly and the Dr. asked
David's Father if his son ejaculated often. The kid couldn't believe what he
heard! He was asking him a question like this in front of his dad, a strange
man, and a woman!

"A-A-About once a week sir," the boy replied, humiliated.

The Dr. disapprovingly shook his head at the kid, "is that from masturbating,
nocturnal emissions, or intercourse with a male or female?" he demanded. "Wet
dream, sir" the kid replied.

"Yea, right.... Donkey Dong...." his Father chuckled. God, David hated his
nickname. "Don't believe him Doc. He must beat that ugly hose about 3 times a
week. That's what his Mother has told me she hears and don't even ask about the
stained SHEETS!" His father laughed and reminded everyone that he had 'caught"
his son just an hour earlier in the shower. The Doctor looked at David's Father
and said, "Maybe we can break him of that? Does he have any other family at home
to work on this with us?"  His Dad nodded and agreed. David wished he could
crawl into the floor.

How long did this have to last? His male ego was slowly being crushed and it was
beginning to show. He felt the nurse methodically twisting the thermometer
inside of him. She was trying to hit his prostate. He was sure of it. In his
mind, he willed her to stop.  But she was slow, thorough and relentless. This
can't be happening...he thought. His hips started moving and his hands
trembling. As long as she quit soon and didn't come near it, but if she hit it.
Oh fuck, he was in trouble. He started to mumble to stop and...

With that, he felt a sudden surge in his ass & hips. He couldn't control his own
body movements. Within a moment his foreskin peeled back and the big purple head
stood out, now shiny and rock-hard. Without helping it, he let out another long
moan and his cock shot up straight from his body. Then waist thrust itself
forward as she hit the gland. "

"AAAAAAAAAHHHHH........" David moaned loudly. With that, a string of boyslop
shot out, onto his thighs, the floor and even the nurse's shoes. His tool jerked
and blew 3 times, each one producing even more of his white gunk. He wanted to
die on the spot. That's why the thermometer had to be so long, it was made to
hit the boy on his spot. The male nurse looked at him with disgust and later
David would swear that he heard him mutter "faggot".

As if the poor kid wasn't embarrassed enough, now his secret was out. David
looked down at his throbbing cock and stared at it, watching a thin, white drop
of precum leak out from the head of it. "Nurse, get me condom for its' penis,
looks like we got another shooter here," the doctor ordered causing an eruption
of laughter from the adults. "And make it an extra large one."




The Exam ~ Part 2

"So the boy is going to Brown this year, huh?" the Dr. asked.

He was directing yet another question to David's father. It was as if the naked
kid wasn't even in the room. David waited for his Dad's response and kept
staring at the open exam room door, hoping that no one else would walk past. He
had ejaculated by accident in front of the 2 men, Dr. Blume's male nurse Jim,
and the hot female Nurse Samantha. She had done something weird with a
thermometer in his butt and it had made him shoot his slop all over the floor
and her shoes. That trick was something that he would have to try when he got
home, if he ever could get privacy. By now, however, he was thoroughly pissed &
embarrassed by the whole scene. He vowed not to come back here, ever. Stripped
naked and paraded up and down the hall was humiliating enough. His long hose
kept slapping against his thighs, making this awful "THWACKING" noise. It was
the sound of boy meat against meat. David then realized the office lacked Muzak
and all the normal background sounds. It was as if the staff wanted everyone to
hear the sounds of flesh being probed, pumped and prodded. It was a shame that
David couldn't hear or talk to his best friend and teammate Mike down the hall.

Junior bodybuilder Mike Kinsey was now gagged, stirruped, and taking his 4th
enema bag of odd smelling water. Although painful, this was still better than
earlier when the Nurse Samantha took his temperature with a penile thermometer.
His legs were bent and raised, with his feet locked in place like some pregnant
whore, and his hands in metal brackets behind his neck. Nurse Adam was
explaining, in detail, to Mr. Kinsey that apparently "Mikey" had been inserting
fingers, phallic objects, or maybe something else into his anus. Could his only
boy be a faggot? He certainly looked like one. All spread out, cunt on display
like some gutter whore. Maybe?

"That's probably why the penis is erect now, Mr. Kinsey. Most active homosexuals
are also perverts who enjoy exhibitionism," Jim commented smacking the kid's
hardon, repeatedly cutting into the head with his class ring. "Do you see his
penile reaction to being stripped in the presence of men? You probably already
knew and we are confirming your suspicions, am I right? Luckily Dr. Blume can
keep him here for psyche testing, an overall physical, and even begin behavior
modification, if you are interested. We are talking about a 12 week course."

A metal catheteriztion tube was jammed down his cock, creating the reason for
Mike to have a hardon. Unfortunately, the nurse had accidentally filled the tube
with a time release mentholated liquid. It would slowly drip into his urethra
for 72 hours. Mikey couldn't even express the intense pain and humiliation he
was suffering, he could only stare silently. He was being called a pervert? A
homosexual? What was "modification"? What could take 12 weeks? Why wasn't he
being allowed to tell his Dad the truth? With the rubber oral protector filling
his mouth, the only noises coming from the boy were the disgusting slurps and
belches emitting from his torn ass. The staff tried remaining professional but
eventually everyone had to laugh at the kid. Even his Dad doubled over when a
particularly wet fart blurted out of his son's sloppy hole.

Mr. Kinsey sat quietly, staring at his boy, now with a grotesquely protruding
belly, a shriveled little dick, and his tear stained face tightened into a mask
of pain. He did understand that this was a medical necessity and that follow up
care was vital. Home care, which would involve he and either Mike's sister or
Mike's Aunt Violet performing this procedure 3 times daily on him. It was only
for the first 12 weeks, he had reminded boy, trying to sound positive. "Oh wait
no," he said to the staff, "by then he should be in the fraternity. Maybe the
faggot's new pledge brothers will help him do it." Jim chimed in with  "The
faggot could move from here directly into the frat house." The staff concurred
with Mr. Kinsey who was stupidly assuming the Delta Pi's would pitch in for his
boy's health. "I'll go get the release forms, you can sign them now."

At that moment no one seemed to notice Mike Kinsey passing out from pain and
fear. "


Meanwhile, down the hall, David was glad that his dick wasn't flopping around
anymore. But, he realized the noise must have been why the nurse kept turning
around when they walked to the scales. She must have turned & looked three
times. But then again, who wouldn't look, he was nothing but pure jock muscle.
Bright blue eyes, wavy hair, big rounded shoulders, smooth tan pecs that stuck
out broadly with small dark nipples, abdominals that were defined into the
perfect 6-cut and a solid muscle ass with 2 deep dimples. She must have really
liked seeing his long uncut hose and his huge baby makers, that always swung so
much when he walked. They really flopped around earlier, making obscene noises
and leaking, while he did 125 jumping jacks to raise his heart rate.

David didn't realize that his dumb-jock looks and cocky demeanor disgusted the
Samantha. She hated boys like him and enjoyed nothing better than seeing them
broken down. Today was a double header, with Mike Kinsey in Exam Room #5 and
this stupid fuck in #3. Being an ugly chick in high school, boys just like him
had tormented her for years. Now it was PAYBACK time. Working the thermometer
around his little bunghole was a hoot to her and her fellow nurses. For a
moment, Samantha had total control of David's large tool, making it twitch and
dance for her own entertainment. When that ugly tube shot, even she was shocked
as they rarely got "Meter Beaters" in the office Usually the dumb jocks didn't
cum until the exam involved electrical stimulation, a forced milking, or the use
of the speculums. Having him spooge in front of his Father was just the icing on
her cake. She had a feeling that this would be a topic of great concern for the
boy's Dad and Mom creating much discussion at home. She would definitely have
Julie the receptionist call his house and give a full report to whoever answered
the telephone. The nurse and her cohort always called the patient's homes under
the guise of reporting "test results." Just their way of guaranteeing that the
whole family, be kept in the loop.

The 2 girls loved calling their homes with pertinent reports, whether true or
not. One never knew who might answer the phone, so Julie had given info to
maids, neighbors, visiting friends, and once even a nun. One time she told a
Grandmother that her 14-year-old grandson was a chronic masturbator and needed
daily "masturbation-monitoring" or lessons in auto-fellatio. On another call she
"accidentally" told a 9-year-old girl that her teenage brother's penis was too
much large for his frame and would need immediate modification. Also, due to his
chronic cocksucking he would need braces or dentures. Unfortunately, both
parents were out of the house and Julie stressed that the girl needed to tell
them immediately! The extremely gruel receptionist suggested the little girl go
through the family address book, calling each number and telling whoever
answered the telephone every detail. The girl's parents had to be at someone's,
right? "Eventually Mommy will get the message and then she will be so proud of
you, you will probably get a present," she assured the child. His parents
finally got the call 9 hours later when their Priest explained all of the
findings with disgust.

She particularly enjoyed telling boys' parents that semen was found deep in
their son's well- stretched rectums, prompting the grieving Moms and Dads to
usually drop the telephone or openly cry. She would then counsel them about
their "faggoty, cum-suckers," a phrase she encouraged the folks to use when
talking to their sons. Her shining moment, however, came when the
"semen-in-the-rectum" stunt prompted a Marine to ask her for punishment
recommendations for his very handsome and very straight 15-year old twin boys.

After pondering for a moment, Julie simply suggested dressing them in old briefs
and shoving them on a bus to New York City, without any money, shoes, ID's or
return fare. Julie remembered going to the Greyhound station 4 days later and
seeing the savagely beaten twins. They weren't looking very good with their
black eyes, bite marks, blond hair chopped, and 18" swastikas painted across
their backs in black ink. Grand Central Station would just love them. It had
gone better than she hoped.  


Another 45 minutes had passed and David remained naked on the edge of the exam
table. He was now in massive pain and terribly confused. For starters, they had
referred to him as an "It" again, which was pissing him off, plus he was still
bareassed and had been this way for almost 2 hours. The male nurse started to
give him a Kleenex to cover his exposed cock and balls, but the hot female nurse
stopped him, citing a waste of paper. It's cock, which Dr. Blume called
"undisciplined & uncontrollable" due to him cumming, now had a 1 metal ring
digging in under his cockhead head and another at its base. Dr. Blume and
David's Dad continued talking in the corner; a very serious conference was
underway.

The Dr. told David's father that the rings were very expensive and shipped to
the office from the best medical supply house in the East. He went on to explain
that "as part of a special Ivy League research collective program, each ring was
calibrated specifically for boys whose penile regulatory skills were more
juvenile." Jim loved this part, listening to the Dr. make up procedures, words,
committees, and even surgeries just to convince the rubes. The man was certainly
a pro. The 2 metal rings, which were actually from a used truck parts warehouse,
were brutally fitted onto David, and were much too small for the boy, a fact
that was now becoming painfully obvious. His cockhead was dark purple and easily
twice it's normal size. Every ropey vein was now sticking out grotesquely from
his swollen shaft, while many veins just collapsed. David looked at his
disgusting hose like a frightened child. The leaking had stopped so maybe the
swelling would go down, he prayed. He had tried to touch it to relieve some
pain, but when his hand went near it, Nurse Samantha notified the room that
"it's masturbating itself again." His Dad and the Dr. went ballistic, screaming
at him for 10 minutes in each ear, like 2 drill sergeants. Certainly loud enough
so that the entire staff, his bud Mike Kinsey, and every other patient in the
building must have heard. They ended with scheduling his circumcision and
discussions of experimental hormone therapies to kill the sex drive. When he
cried from the humiliation, his dad slapped him across the face so many times
that he fell from table to floor. He landed on all 4's with his swelling
boy-bags and little winker upturned and exposed. Just then, Julie walked in with
2 pharmaceutical sales reps that just stopped by to say 'hello' to Dr. Blume.
The reps couldn't help but steal glances at the teen patient with the tortured
bull cock and horse schlong. All the while the women stared, openly laughing and
then making small talk with the staff for almost 15 minutes, before leaving.
David tried to ask for his clothes, but the chemicals in the salve that Nurse
Samantha has smeared on his face were now leaving his mouth numb and his oral
skills jumbled. 

Nurse Jim also thought that the kid's dong was seriously bad shape, but still
didn't say anything. He could probably go another 2 hours without too much
permanent damage. He knew from experience, that after today this kid's slop-hose
certainly wouldn't look pretty or perform the same, ever again. "Besides," Jim
thought, "these rich jocks with the good looks and the girlfriends deserved all
the shit they fell in. This pretty boy had it coming to him in spades. This
would simply teach  "Mr. Jockdick" a very expensive lesson." Jim laughed out
loud, staring at the naked punk, with his now hideous dork standing straight up
and starting to leak foam.

David just kept staring at it too, wondering why the head was so discolored and
now visibly pulsating, even with the condom and rings restraining it. The 2
older men were in a serious conference in the corner and David looked up to them
every 30 seconds, like a dog at its master's window waiting for him to come
home. "This rich prick was no better than a lonely dog," Jim thought. The male
nurse had seriously enjoyed putting the obscenely tight rings and rubber on the
boy, listening to him gasp and start pleading that they were too small. Jim kept
assuring David that it was the correct size. "9 inches long and 5 around the
girth. I measured it myself. If you could stop playing with it so often and
making it leak that junk, then you wouldn't need to be getting weeks of
treatments," he announced to the terrified boy. When the 2 older men stepped out
into the hall, he leaned into David and quietly spoke:

"Listen closely, shit-for-brains. Just sit quiet and look real pretty or I will
stick a hose as thick as your mama's dirty clit up that schlong. Then I will
pump it and your bladder so fucking full of Acetone and Clorox that you will
never piss right again. Got it? If that doesn't convince you, then the damage I
will do to your testicles is unimaginable. Just keep smiling and tell your Dad
that you're fine, you are enjoying treatments, and you cannot wait until next
week. Understand me, you dumb cocksucker?" David stared at the male nurse
thinking that he was crazy enough to do it, so he simply said "Yes, Sir."  Jim
patted David's head, scratched behind his ears and whispered, "Good boy."

David tried to not concentrate on his aching groin, as it was useless to
complain. As soon as he got home, he would tell his parents what Jim had said,
and then some heads would roll. He looked down at his pecs and flexed them,
hoping the sweet-looking nurse would glance over. He rubbed his arms and flexed
his biceps next. She had been coming in and out and not really looking at him.
Finally the Nurse walked over to him with a salve in hand and again, he flexed
for her benefit. She applied this nasty paste to his little untouched nipples
and then slathered over his lips, inside his mouth and dropped a dollop onto his
tongue. "What is this shit," he demanded. She said nothing and continued writing
in charts.

"Psst... Samantha...Y'know I been on Mtv," he bragged to her.

"Oh really, Romeo?" She didn't even look at him directly.

"Yessirree baby, and it was these that got me there," he said flexing his delts.

Indeed, it was this kickass body that had gotten him and Mike featured on Spring
Break in Cozumel. He and Mike danced and jocked it up for almost a week and in
return got lots of free Rican twat. He wasn't a racist, but the spic girls just
looked so sweet and yet acted like such whores in bed. He swam, danced, and
posed for the cameras all day long. To decide his wardrobe, the Mtv staff
constantly had him try on board shorts, Speedos, and thongs in a changing room
with a cool huge mirror. He was paraded in some pretty wild outfits but was
lucky to only have to wear the thongs at Mtv's sponsor parties. He hated showing
off half naked to mixed crowds of guys and girls. Alot of the pieces they
brought for him were too small and his whole package wouldn't fit. His
cock-n-balls repeatedly fell out of one pouch they gave him. Another was just
4"x3" piece of white mesh with 2 shoelaces, and when he modeled it for the
execs, they simply didn't see the problem.

"But, you can see my...you know," he pleaded. "See your what?" an older female
executive asked him. She didn't back away until he repeated after her: "Everyone
can see my stupid looking horse cock."

"Yes, David, we can all see how dumb it looks," she fired back, "but this is
Mexico, and it's not considered nudity on Spanish TV...so you just go dance like
you're told, when you're told, and how you're told. And if I tell you to go out
there in nothing but a cowboy hat and a neon rubber, THEN YOU FUCKING WILL DO
IT!!!"  

At the parties, the sponsors liked him and spent alot of time talking to him.
The only downside was that David hated being with all the shithead
siesta-takers. "Just a bunch of lazy pricks. None of who were dynamic,
imaginative or driven like us Americans are," he told everyone. Regardless, it
was a great Spring Break for David and Mike.

However, it was a much better Spring Break for a few local crewmembers. The
"unimaginative" trio had placed hidden cameras behind mirrors and in ceiling
tiles of the Mtv Beach House. David's hotel room key, haphazardly left in the
changing room, would create the opportunity for more video equipment to be
hidden and put to use. The pornographers got a great live feed for Euro-Internet
and the Pay-Per-View market was 30% higher this year. The tapes and DVDs would
be another 4 million worldwide. Poor David was broadcast all over the world
while he was shitting, fucking, eating hot Spic snatch, trying to stuff his
oversized sausage into a sheer pouch, and even jerkin his cock.

However, the "money shot", as its known in Hollywood, wasn't David at all, but
rather Mike Kinsey, everyone's buddy, church youth group leader, and closeted
sex freak. The big money shots were every single act of self-sucking that Mikey
The Pervert performed whenever he was alone. As few as 3, and as many as 6 TIMES
daily, the Dean Cain look-a-like would suck on his own hose, with his legs over
his head, fingers jammed up his ass, and then proceed to drink his own spunk. A
few times he tied his Doc Martin's to his boy-bag giving it a 20lb challenge,
then leaning over and slowly swinging them, hungrily chowing down on his own
hose. If he couldn't sleep, and David was out partying, Mike would sometimes
roll onto his side and force his testicles into his mouth while he watched TV,
just laying there sucking on his stretched out wrinkled bag.  But now that was
worlds away. (**Please check out the conclusion to his memory, at the bottom.)


David was seriously striking out with this Samantha chick; she didn't even want
to look at him. He tried thinking of something cool to say, but he couldn't. Jim
had warned him to chill with the flirting, so he now didn't say anything. He
assumed that since he was totally bare-balled, she should enjoy checking him
out. Why not, he figured, everyone else did. Chicks watched him everywhere he
went. Even the homos liked looking at him. They were always looking at his body
while he was washing in the YMCA showers; soaping up his young meat, letting
them see what a real boy was all about. Pulling back his long foreskin and
washing the head while facing them, using both hands to hold his dick. When he
bent over to wash his feet, with his legs spread and his baby-makers swinging,
he could see them staring from behind. His shoulders were huge by the time he
was 14, and he had the same 29" waist since jr. high school. He was just muscle
and dick, and without any pubes until he turned 16. Back then he looked like a
little boy with a Mr. America body and porn star tool. The guys really liked
watching him and Mike horse around, spraying each other with water or creating
the "human fountain," by spitting and pissing at the same time. They loved him
when he was a 12-year-old, obediently standing bareassed next his Dad in the
main shower room, his muscle butt still covered in handprints and legs marked
with welts from a spanking.

In the communal showers his Dad would ask if he had washed his foreskin
thoroughly. Towering over the boy, he would bellow, "Wash it again, boy. Let me
see you do it right this time. Pull that skin back,,,good,,,and
again,,,again,,,better. Sometimes you stink down there, you know that, don't
you? Mommy told me that you forget to wash it and it ends up stinking. Then she
has to wash it for you. She's getting tired of washing it, but she will keep at
it as long as she has to, even if you are in college. 'Boys like you' should
wash it twice. Whoa, slow down little man, it's getting all hard & nasty
looking. Boy, you know I hate seeing that thing standing up. You want Mommy to
take you in the ladies showers, again? You didn't like it last time! Do I have
to belt you for playing with it, again? DO I, BOY? If you had a normal penis,
then you wouldn't have these problems. Now wash those testicles again, and do it
RIGHT this time or I'm going to have Grandpa show you again. Hey guys does
anyone want a free boy to take home and keep?" His Dad would offer jokingly,
looking around at paternal nods, applause, and laughter.

Also, the faggots were always whispering about him as he walked past their
benches, without a towel. He had been trained by his Dad to believe that "boys
like him" shouldn't wear towels in the lockers. David would see his buddies from
school all wrapped in towels, while he had to stand naked. No explanation, he
simply went bareassed and soaking wet until he got back to his locker. His Dad
often walked him around the dank rooms, a firm hand planted on the back of the
boy's neck, often stopping to visit with friends or neighbors sometimes for 10
or 20 minutes. David could remember when he was about 10 years old, how the men
would stare at his dick, often complimenting his Dad for producing such a young
stud. His Dad would ruffle his hair or grab his dong, shaking it fast, with both
men laughing. The boy was humiliated yet tried to smile. To this day, those men
automatically look at his groin when he sees them in town. If David was running
late, the old man had no problem yelling into the shower room, "HEY DONKEY DONG,
YOU'RE DONE WASHING! NOW!!! MOVE THAT ASS, BOY!!! HUP, HUP!!! I SAID NOW!" David
would emerge from showers, often still covered in soap and shampoo, while the
locker area erupted with laughter.

Even his Mom got weird sometimes when it came to his nudity. She liked playing
games with him and seeing how far she could push him. She had no problem walking
in his bedroom to wake him for school, knowing that he slept naked and often
kicked the covers off. He would open his eyes to find her, folding laundry on
his dresser, bedroom door open wide, while he lay there stark naked with his
dork standing up sometimes still leaking. Occasionally she would be talking to
his little sister or his Aunt who would be in the doorway, as casual as if they
were at the market. They might have been there for an hour, seeing every muscle,
every vein.

Then one morning, when he was 16, the straw that broke the camel's back
occurred. He woke up with a puddle of cum on his abs, his belly button full of
baby batter. She was standing in his room talking to Mrs. Howard who was leaning
in against the open door. "Mom! What are you doing?" He yelled at her. "Don't
take a tone with me young man, you don't have anything I haven't seen a thousand
times before. I changed your diapers for years, and just because "that thing" is
big now, doesn't take away my right to see you naked. You slept in again, and
your brother and Dad left without you. This must be my 10th trip in here to wake
you." He noticed they were all dressed up. Was it Sunday, he wondered?

"Get up and go take a cold shower before you make a mess with that hose leaking
all over my sheets. MARCH NOW!" she was pointing at his penis and yelling. He
was becoming ashamed of possessing such a big dork. He was starting to believe
it was freaky big and he was just a stupid jock.

David stared at her in disbelief, feebly trying to cover his 9-incher standing
up and his bag lying across his left thigh. Normally he would put on shorts or a
towel, but he was so pissed at her for invading his space, that he jumped up
quickly and headed for the basement shower. His Mom walked right behind him and
even cracked him on the ass. He would have to walk through the kitchen and past
his sisters' room, but FUCK IT, he thought. He was going to have a talk with Dad
tonight. Then, as he turned the corner into the living room, he marched right
into 20 females from their church. It was his Mom's turn to host their monthly
breakfast and he was floored. They all stared at him, giggling and pointing at
his smooth muscular body. He turned to go back and ran directly into his Mom and
Mrs. Howard. They edged him back into the breakfast area asking, "Aren't you
going to say hello to the ladies, David. They are from the Mothers and Daughters
League. You remember my boy 'David' everyone?" she asked politely.

He looked down at his groin and saw that at least 4 inches of teen hardon were
still visible behind his hands and his long hanging scrotum was completely
exposed. "MOM!" he glared at her. "You are not leaving this room until you say
good morning to the ladies." She fired back. Looking for an alternate exit, he
spotted his Aunt Anne and his sister at the cellar door. The only remaining
option was out the front door, and that was worse. This was beyond humiliation
and he just caved in.

"Mornin'," he curtly said and tried to break free of his Mom's grasp.

"That's no way to say good morning to a group of proper ladies, David." She
admonished, "now say good morning and apologize for your appearance. We're going
to stand here until you get it right. Personally, I have all day," He looked
around and spotted 6 girls in his grade at the high school. This was too fucking
much!! They were giggling and whispering. He tried it again.

"Umm...good morning and I'm real sorry ladies," he muttered.

"Say it again, clearly and properly, before we make you go from to go
table-to-table and greet each person," she threatened, only half-jokingly. The
ladies all tittered at the humiliated stud with his huge shoulders, smooth pecs,
and eager boner pointing up 9 inches. He greeted them properly, apologized for
his nudity, and then asked if he could be excused. They replied 'good morning'
and when his request was granted, he turned to run back to his room.

"Not a chance buster, turn and MARCH downstairs!!!," his Mom commanded.

"What...huh?" David was confused.

"Did you forget your shower. I can smell you already. Does he smell bad girls?"
the room agreed wholeheartedly and several commented that he smelled like 'a wet
horse'. The usual horse jokes followed, as his eyes filled with tears. He had
completely forgotten about getting cleaned up, but there was no point in not
walking through the room now, as they had all seen his equipment. He just wanted
this over with. Even though the cellar "shower" was really just an old garden
hose hanging in corner, without even the a curtain, at was better than staying
up here. 

As he walked past the clusters of proper ladies, sister's table held their
noses. He hurried to the cellar door, and a couple women made whinny noises. The
room broke out in fits of laughter. He opened the door and raced down the steps.
Trying to keep in mind that a hose hanging in the corner without a curtain was
hell of alot better than this sow-party. Suddenly he let out a huge gasp, in
total shock, "NO WAY!" he yelled as his Aunt slowly shut the cellar door behind
him.

"Oh David, honey, did I forget to mention that the other Junior Members are
eating down there. Now get good and clean, sweetie, or we'll come down there and
make sure you do right!"

But that was ancient history...

Right now, David was very sick and very worried, his dick didn't look so good,
and something weird was leaking out of his slit. He just spotted several tears
at the head of his piss slit.  The metal ring under the head of his cock was
disappearing in the swelling purple folds of skin and cutting into grossly thick
shaft. The young penis didn't look human anymore, and he knew he was in danger
of seriously damaging it. Luckily they had released his arms to bring some
relief to his tormented body.

Jim was also watching the boy's meat intently. Dr. Blume was really cutting it
close this time. He and the boy's Dad had left the exam room about 15 minutes
ago and were standing out in the hall looking through some magazine or catalog.
The punk started quietly whimpering, trying to make his Dad notice his penis, 
"...da...dahhhh.gannahhh" was the only noise he could make, his tongue was
hanging out of his wide open mouth and words were impossible to form. The door
was wide open but David couldn't see the hall clearly. "If Blume doesn't move
within 20 minutes, this kid's will be the town eunuch," Jim pondered as he rose
and shut the door.

"What did I tell you, cunt? Just sit and stay quiet," Jim boomed at him. "Please
don't make me beat your ass," he threatened. The word 'cunt' tore through all of
David's heterosexual tendencies and he tried to collect himself. "Damn, if only
the cunt's dad wasn't here. The shit I could do to this piece of ass," Jim
thought.

Scottie, the 17-year-old office intern and a one-time classmate of David's
walked into the room dragging a portable full-length mirror and a cart with some
electric gizmo on it. David looked at him and was mortified, moving his hands to
cover himself from a boy he knew and had literally tormented right out of
school. "Don't be shy David, I seen uglier ones than that," adding, "when I
worked at the veterinarians!" Everyone in the room burst out laughing, except
for David, who got off the table and tried stumbling to the door. Jim quickly
put him back on the table.

Scottie placed the mirror at the foot of the exam table, forcing David to look
at his entire naked body. He was repulsed; he had turned an odd yellowish color
and was covered in a weird oily sweat. His lips were shocking red and swollen
over 4 times their normal size, alternately itching and burning creating
inescapable duel agonies. His tongue lolled outside his open mouth, now enormous
and numb. David tried to ask where his dad was, but only, "AHHLLA HHHGRA" came
out. Ropes of saliva drooled down his chest. His little nips, which were covered
in the same paste as his mouth, had swelled gruesomely and changed color also.
The alternating itch & burn forced David to now constantly play with them in an
attempt to get some relief. His cock looked deformed, having grown well past its
normal maximum of 10 inches. Its piss slit was on fire and had ripped open,
creating obscene "lips" that were still growing. He was suffering from  a
chronic pain to his groin, his stomach, and extremities. His nut sack had
ballooned to the size of softball now and was nearly as hard as rock, with his
once soft pink scrotum having turned to a dark gray leathery texture. He felt
vomit rising in his throat, and the room spinning.

Scottie looked into the David's eyes and whispered, "Now you are on my turf,
faggot."

David immediately tried apologizing to his schoolyard victim, but only "I I
IAA.HHARREEE..." croaked out of his deformed mouth. The tears rolled down his
cheeks, mixing with gobs of spit, which now poured continually from his mouth.
Guttural sounds emerged from him, as he sat with his hard cock twitching and
nipples on fire. Simply put, he looked and sounded like a freak. Scottie began
imitating him and then Jim joined in and finally Samantha, all making animal
noises and rubbing their tits. David felt like he was fading. In the matter of
just 1 day, this arrogant jock was now unable to speak, too weak to move, and
too scared to beg. "Where was Mike? Where was his Dad? Please someone help him.
These people are losing it!!!" he wondered. It would be his last thought for
several hours, as passed out and fell from the table. Jim tried to catch the
muscular jock as he slid off the table, but accidentally ran into the boy's
falling body with his boot, cracking the kid's open mouth. Samantha didn't even
look up from her papers, she just commented, "what a fucking mess."

Scottie momentarily stopped untangling the wires of this WW II device, and
glanced up. He squeezed its grotesquely swollen pole watching the used condom
break off altogether and the smelly gunk leak out. Then he squeezed the
tightened skin of its balls twice with his pliers. He casually looked over and
mentioned, "If you think this dumb-shit looks bad, go check out the little
"kinsey-kunt". His old man signed off for the works, he's being moved down to
Experimental Lab B." 

To be continued...

**As a postscript: One of those great coincidences that lead to either fame or
ruin will occur in March 2002, when a totally nude photograph of David will
appear on the cover of a Spanish gay porn magazine. That issue will be featured
on a Mazatlan newsstand shelf next to a straight Spanish porn magazine. The man
reaching for the straight magazine will be David's vacationing Uncle Sammy...but
that's another story.  




The Exam ~ Part 3
By Ponyboy G

*********************************************************************

If you haven't had a chance to read Parts 1 ~ 4, please do. If you must have a
dose of Part 5 right away...here's the back-story:
Mike Kinsey and his best buddy David are soon-to-be college jocks going to their
first physical with a new Doctor. The parents of these rich punks have had it
with their bad attitudes and legendary abuse of girls. Dr. Blume and his staff
have treated boys of this caliber before, and have the right medicine to cure
both kids of whatever ails them. Permanently.

*********************************************************************

All the usual rules apply here. If you are under 18, then you should be seeing a
babysitter. If you live in an area that forbids this material, then you should
be seeing a congressman. If your wife doesn't care for these stories, then you
should be seeing a therapist.

***********************************************************

They called her "Speed" because she couldn't run fast. Kids lacked imagination,
and her nickname proved that point. Her real name was Teresa and while she was
no beauty queen, she did have a certain quiet quality. Her natural shyness and
lack of athletic skills proved to be her downfall at the hands of David and
Mike.

A party at the host home of the school's foreign exchange student had wound down
before it even began and the boys had gone only to look for pussy and pills. 
There was a lack of both that night. The Doctor had cleaned out the medicine
chests prior to the kids showing up and all of the hot girls had passed on the
idea of spending the evening with Moo Shoo Sally and Pork-ettes.  David had
given Mikey the signal to leave when he spotted Teresa in a corner sitting alone
and nursing a warm beer. Her fifth.

"She's cherry," Mike said to his best bud, eyeing the quiet chick that they had
never spoken to, although having shared 12 years of education.  "Whose turn?"
David asked, knowing full well that it was his. "You're on, Honcho," Mike
replied, slapping David's round ass, just as he had 1000 times on the fields and
courts. It was time for another Oscar-winning performance from the muscular
jock.

"The Routine" had been rehearsed and launched successfully over and over. The
chicks always went for the usually arrogant muscle punks, appearing to be lonely
and needing a shoulder to cry on.  They would swagger toward their prey, making
sure that their teenage hardons were protruding obscenely, as if they didn't
know how well defined they were. Without a jock on, David's young meat laid
against his left thigh, with his balls hanging down his right pantleg. His
foreskin was the only thing that kept the always swollen cockhead from being
grotesquely outlined.

One of them would stand in front of the unsuspecting girl, with their dicks
level with their faces. Then with every bit of false sincerity they could
muster, would proceed to explain how they needed someone to talk to. No one
understood them, they would explain. If only someone would care enough to listen
to them and not just want their bodies. David would usually lift his shirt at
this point and flex, displaying a tight tan crunch-pack and the small brown
nipple of one firm pectoral.  Not just think of them as male animals, for stud,
followed by a quick tap of their nads for effect.

It never failed. Getting them in the car was tedious part. Surprising them was
the best part. Half way to the flats, while David drove with his arm around
whoever the unlucky girl was, Mike would spring up out of the back seat. Then,
the boys would become monsters.   

Over the past 3 years, Mike and David had perfected the routine. No matter which
boy made the approach, or which excuse they used; once they were near the flats,
the girl belonged to them for as long as they wanted. David was simply brutal.
He liked tearing their clothes, rubbing their make-up into their faces, biting
tits and ripping out pubes.  Mike had more finesse, and took his sweet time. He
liked fucking with their heads, degrading them and slowly breaking all spirit
and will. When he finished with the girls, they honestly believed they deserved
to be raped. And beaten. And tortured. And sodomized.

Their terrorist actions weren't only limited to the dumb cunts of the female
persuasion.

Several times since they had become juniors, the 2 dudes would drink a 5th of
Jose Gold and "hit the bricks," as they called it. The "bricks" were actually
the quaint streets in the old-town district, lined with bakeries, studios, and
salons. And fag bars.  Fag bars loaded with lonely homos just looking to touch
and maybe kiss a hung shirtless, jock boy.

David remembered waiting outside some "Cheers" style homo-hangout one evening in
April last year. He was wearing basketball shorts, no shirt, a jock and
sneakers. He tied his jersey around his head and slowly dribbled his ball, then
faking his awesome hook; he would smile at the faggots walking by. Shooting them
the killer boyish grin and rubbing his moist pecs, he would lay on the dumb jock
rap, "'sup bro?" he would direct at one guy. Inevitably his target would break
from their friends and walk close to the sweating, blond boy.

David always chose young men, usually in their 20s with smallish builds. "More
like real pussy," he would declare. Mike preferred well built, fudge packers,
who would put up a fight at first. The church going, Mensa member liked seeing
the gym rat bodies groveling for mercy at his feet, naked and scared. Again, he
would play with their heads, while David only wanted to beat them. Brutally. If,
perhaps, enough tequila were passed, maybe he would rape their faggot pussies.
Repeatedly and more brutally. "After all," he would shout to Mike "that's what
these faggots want. RIGHT FAGGOT?"

On a recent night, Mike's choice of an Italian college freshman was a
no-brainer. The kid had walked past the high school jock with the ball 3 times
while Mike stood across the street from "Marios," a real cocksucking palace.
Tommy Beltran had never been in a gay bar and was excited about his first time,
but he had walked around the block few times to get up the courage. He was THE
star of the local university's gymnastics team and his body displayed all the
signs of it. Although he was only 5'8", his chest was a massive 44 inches of
smooth young meat, with rounded shoulders, squared off pecs and tight 6-pack
leading down to his 29-inch waist. The young man was an Adonis. His legs and
lats were so muscular that he had trouble finding clothes to fit, so he usually
just had on the wife-beater and baggy Levi's, as he did tonight.

Tommy spotted Mikey standing in the shadows, shirtless, his pecs lightly covered
in a soft dark fuzz, while his hair flopped over his forehead and covered one
eye. The word "BIKE" was clearly visible above the waistband of his shorts and
his fingers kept lowering the front until the mesh pouch revealed the base of
his Greek cock and small dark bush. He steadied himself against the wall,
signaling to Tommy to cross the street. When the boy made his move to walk over,
Mike met him halfway.

There was no room for "Routines" on "bricks" nights. No sob stories or shoulders
needed to cry upon. This was purely sexual and Mike knew how to get the men hot.
"Looking for cock, bitch?" he said quietly to Tommy who shivered at the word
'bitch'. He was so taken aback by this macho punk, that he could barely answer
and just nodded.

"Good girl." Mike shot back, quietly. "Let's go bitch," he would add, leading
his unsuspecting victim toward the car, with a firm hand on his neck. In this
case he was pushing Tommy along, too quickly and too roughly. The concerned
college kid tried to stall this kid who reeked of booze.

"Maybe we should go get a coffee, huh?" Tommy offered, smiling. This was just
too easy, he thought. Now he was feeling awkward. Almost ...well...scared?

"Nah, you're all I need," he answered back. His lines were weak, but it didn't
matter anymore, as they were within 15 feet of the car. The safety zone. This
homo was going for ride, whether she wanted to or not. Mike continued, "you play
any sports, bitch?" Tommy was starting to not like his tone and use of the word
bitch; after all he was a boy!

"I am the lead on my gymnastics squad at C. U." he answered, proudly.

"I don't know which is more pathetic, your choice of schools or girly
sports...HAHAHAH," he lost it momentarily, but never moved his hand from Tommy's
neck.  David heard all of their conversation from between cars parked 4-spaces
ahead. He was already smiling, but losing his patience. "Get him in the fuckin
car Mikey," he thought.

Tommy was embarrassed at being teased so openly and began looking for his out,
while Mike rooted through his keys. "Hey man, how old are you anyway," Tommy
asked, hoping that Mike was underage. "Old enough to own this," he responded and
moved Tommy's hand to his growing cock, thick and brown already shooting past 7
inches and beginning to drip some junk into the jockstrap. Tommy moaned and
rubbed the young meat, hoping to maybe suck it in some alley rather than go for
a car ride, so he could quickly get back to the safety of the main streets. "You
moan like a girl, bitch," Mike commented.

Tommy had had enough of this. He tried to move aside Mike who now had him pinned
between his own half-naked body and the car door. "Look man, I think I'll take a
rain check, okay bud?" he offered, flexing his lats trying to look bigger than
he was. The senior ball player had 4 inches on him and about 30 pounds, and
David had him beat by a mile. The safety zone, never failed, Never.

"A WHAT? A FUCKING RAINCHECK? IS THAT WHAT YOU SAID, HOMO? HAHAHAHHA!!!" his
scream was barely above a whisper directly into Tommy's ear. Yet, it was the
most horrifying sound he had ever heard.

"Look bud, just move so I can pass and I'll get out of your way okay...I'll take
off and wont bug you anymore. Okay ..... bud... please?" Tommy's voice began to
crack on the word 'please.'  Why was this boy staring directly through him, as
if he wasn't there? "Look bud, I have a MAC card and I got $80 in cash...see?"
Tommy reached into his jeans and pulled out crisp 20s, that his grandmother had
given him for 'a night on the town.'

"Oh, you want me to take this money and let you go, faggot?" the words tore
through Tommy. He had heard about bashings, men having their wallets taken and
maybe slapped around a little. Okay. He would be okay. He would be just fine.
"Yea man, you can have it, I don't need it." He lied, but managed to still smile
at Mike.

"Ohyou think I neeeeed it?" Mike slurred back at him, "huh?"

"No, bro, I didn't mean anything like that...hey what are you...?" Tommy stopped
in shock. Mike tore up all of his money into bits and tossed it into the air
watching it snow onto Tommy's head. The last of his money, gone. But this was
his break, as Mike watched the money pour from the sky, he lost his footing and
fell against the car door. Tommy took his only free second to squeeze out from
between Mike and the door and head across the street, "Hey mister...stop!" He
shouted to the guy walking towards him.

"What's the problem?" the dude asked. Tommy placed a hand on the guys broad
shoulder, noticing that he was as blond as that basher had been brunette. "You
gotta help me man, this punk over there was trying to kidnap me and tore up my
money...I want to call the cops," Tommy was now completely relieved.

"Umm...what punk...over where?" the guy asked Tommy, "there is no one over
there."  Tommy turned to see the car door open but the basher was gone. "Okay I
guess he ran off, thanks man."

"Should we go look in the car for this invisible guy?" the blond guy asked.
Tommy looked at the jersey tied around the dude's head....was it? Nah. Yea...was
it the same team as the shirt tucked into the back of Mike's shorts. Nah. Yea?
This guy even smelled like the basher. "Oh God, no way...please..." he mumbled.

"Ummm...never mind man, " I am gonna go over to the bar and call the cops, but
thanks dude." Tommy stammered, suddenly realizing what had happened. David
locked onto Tommy's hand and wouldn't let him budge. He was about to say
something, when hands crept up his back and cupped his head. A quiet menacing
voice whispered into his ear, "ready for that CAR RIDE BITCH!" Mike was pissed
off at this little homo and he let his voice raise. Mike smacked the back of
Tommy's head, laughing. His neatly combed dark hair flopped around and now
looked sloppy. Mike grabbed his muscular neck and guided him into the back seat,
sitting next to the terrified man.

Tommy was too horrified to even yell. Maybe if he played nice with these guys,
they would rob him and just leave him alone. For all of his muscle and bulk, the
gymnast had never been in a fight, and had no idea how to defend himself. The
diameter of his thighs made running away almost impossible. Basically, he had
"lifted" his way into being defenseless. There was nothing he could do to these
punks, and he felt the tears well up in his eyes. Maybe they will still just let
me go? Maybe.

After all, today was Tommy Beltran's birthday.

"The Flats" were simply a clearing in the middle of a wooded area, 40 miles
outside of town. They were also the raping grounds for the 2 boys. Their secret
life was played out here, over 2 dozen times and they had never been caught,
prosecuted, tried or convicted. This little maze of trees, wells, and metal
debris had become a land away from civilization, where screams went unheard, and
the pleas for mercy went unheeded.

20 miles toward The Flats, Mike was in heaven and David was pissed at his best
friend. He hated when Mikey got drunk on "bricks nights" because he tended to
get sloppy and loud.

"TAKE OFF YOUR SHIRT FAGGOT!!!" Mike screamed directly into the captive's ear,
"RIGHT NOW...FASTER!" Tommy croaked out a single cry and quietly pleaded,
"please don't do this to me, please, you're scaring me..." his shirt was off,
exposing the 21 year olds perfectly smooth physique. "GIVE ME THE SHIRT
FAGGOT... WHAT'S YOUR NAME, TELL ME...RIGHT NOW?"

Tommy gulped deeply, humiliated. "My name is Tommy Beltran, please let me out, I
can walk home and you can keep my shirt."

"YOUR NAME IS FAGGOT, UNTIL I SAY OTHERWISE," Mike continued shouting at his
cocksucker. Just another way to break him down. "Hey FAGGOT, say 'Mr. Music,
please play' come on say it now real loud." Mike directed him, slurring again. 

"Huh...what do you want me to say?" Tommy was confused. What was this crazy
drunk talking about? Mike rolled up his shirt and tossed it out the window, "how
stupid are you FAGGOT?"

"Mr. Music, please play..." Tommy said. This was another of Mike's favorite
parts. David slid the CD in and the back seat came alive with sound. Mike
thought that music sounded like a child's record album, with the tune having a
carnival tempo and instruments reminiscent of a...oh fuck no...a birthday party.

"Gray skies are gonna clear up." the singer began and Mike finished the lyric,
"put on a happy FACE!"

PUNCH!!!

The fast jab came at him like a comet and he couldn't defend his face, Tommy now
slumped into the seat, moaning as he held his left eye, which was trickling
blood and beginning to swell. Mike pulled the young man upright and kept singing
as Tommy cried and tried to protect his head.

"...and cheer up...put on a happy FACE!!!"

PUNCH!!!

The uppercut took Tommy by surprise and he bit on his lower lip cutting into the
beautiful red skin and forcing blood out, chipping his front upper teeth against
his bottoms. CRACK!!!

"Give me your shoes or I keep singing FAGGOT," Mike demanded. "Oh please, oh
God, why are you doing this to me?" Tommy was delirious with pain as he unlaced
his new boots and handed them to Mike.

"I am doing it cuz I can and you faggots got no choice," he put each boot on a
hand and waited for the music to pick up again.

Tommy begged, "I need a doctor, I think...please let me out here, I can walk,"
his words garbled together as his tongue and lips became more swollen. His tears
flowed freely now as his dignity faded, to Mike's pleasure. Mike did a
Chaplin-esque dance with the shoes on his hands and hummed until the song got to
his favorite part.

"hmm...hmm...hmm... MASK OF TRAGEDY!!!"

PUNCH!!! Both boots caught Tommy in different spots, with one hitting him from
behind and the other coming head-on attacking his delicate Roman nose. The car
swerved violently into The Flats, tossing Tommy to the floor, his blood spraying
onto his chest and his moans filling the car. David simply turned up the CD
player to drown out their 8th male victim.

90 minutes later, naked Tommy Beltran was dragging 2 rusty hubcaps from his
balls, with another chain-locked around his neck, like a winner in the Faggot
Olympics. The music had switched to "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" and while
Tommy crawled up to suck on Mike's dripping hardon, David beat him on the ass
and thighs with an aluminum bat.

His thick hair had been chopped off with a Swiss army knife, and his eyebrows
plucked with the pliers. David had continued to beat him while he was forced to
pull out his own pubic hair, leaving his body now entirely smooth. The words and
phrases that covered his once-handsome muscle body were done with indelible ink
and designed to humiliate him for months.

The word FAGGOT had been written in black laundry marker across his forehead,
with the phrase "kick here =>" written up his left thigh and the arrow pointed
at his swollen purple sack. His nipples were colored in with red marker and the
words "BITE THIS" was written around each one. His cockhead had been colored in
blue with the word "CLIT" spelled out down the shaft. As a final humiliation,
Mike had printed "$3 FUCK HOLE" in 14-inch letters across his strong gymnasts
back, another arrow drawing the eye directly down to his round ass.

They forced him to jack his uncut dong in front of them, while they videotaped
him for their own protection. "Say it like I told you to, pussy," David
instructed as Mike took a nap, naked, under a tree.

Tommy cried as he pumped his cock, realizing that it was the smallest of the lot
and therefore the least useful to anyone or anything. His little hardon had made
him the bottom, the bitch, the cunt. "Stop stalling and say it, you dumb faggot,
or I get the bat again...you want to go to the ballgame homo?"

"NO...NO...I'll say it," Tommy was beginning to lose it. He was in incredible
pain, with cracked ribs, missing teeth and his eyes deeply blackened. His nuts
were tied up and dragging 40 pounds each, with a coarse rope biting into the
base of his cock. He looked down to beat his dork, but remembered it was just a
clit...he was a true pussy now...and he began to speak into the camera...

"Hey Dad, its me Tommy, BUT MY NEW NAME IS FAGGOT! I am at this awesome party in
the woods. Me and my friends were fucking and then fighting, its a club for
homos Dad. You see, I am a proud cocksucker, always have been! Does it shock you
that your only son is a slop sucking cumwhore? I been dreaming of suckin your
daddy dong for years...I LIVE FOR CUM...I AM A PROUD DICK SUCKING, CUM WHORE! I
want to drink cum everyday...EVEN YOURS DAD...I WANT TO LICK YOUR BALLS AND
DRINK YOUR SPOOGE EVERY MORNING. I'll do it for you Dad, and I'll do it better
than mom can."	

"Hey Mom, look at this...I got a clit too, just like yours but bigger! You see,
now I am the #1 pussy hole in the house. If you wont pay for school anymore, I
don't care because I can make money suckin dick and taking dirty cock up my
cunt...can you read my prices? I am glad to tell you this now. I WANT YOU TO
KNOW THAT I WILL BE SUCKING DICK DAILY EVEN IF YOU FORCE ME OUT OF COLLEGE AND I
AM A HOMELESS WHORE. AS LONG AS I HAVE DICK SHOEVED IN MY HOLES, I'LL BE OKAY.
OHHH MOMMY I AM GONNA CUM...WATCH CLOSE, I'M MILKING, MY CLIT...DOES YOUR CLIT
DO THAT MOMMY? OHHHHFUCKKKKKMEEEE....LOOK AT THE CUM LEAKING OUT OF MY BIG
PURPLE CLIT..."

"I made a video for Grandpa too, and one for Janet and the kids, so they know
that their Uncle Tommy is a horny cumsucker! And that I will fuck both of their
kids up the ass, if they ever let me near them again! I WANT THE WORLD TO
KNOW...& IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT...FUCK YOU TOO!"

David cut the camera off, "good pussy, are you ever going to tell anyone?"

"No Sir..." the broken man mumbled. No one would believe him anyway, and if he
ever told the authorities, they had pictures of him masturbating, smiling, and
proclaiming his sexuality. He could never go home then, either, and he didn't
want that at all.  He just wanted to get back to the dorm, to some safety. He
vowed to himself that he would never go to a gay bar again...ever.

David went to wake up Mike and play the last game of the night, and always the
most fun for him, but not fun for the chick or homo who got stuck being on the
other end...David began laughing at how ridiculous it was. He had watched all of
their party pals running behind the car with the ropes tied to their milkers or
their sacks...and man it was funny! Even better was watching the car chase them,
as they dragged hubcaps or tires behind their abused and swollen titties and
scrotums.

*************************
Teresa was simply the latest in a long line of victims stringing from a
hitchhiking 14-year-old punk in upstate New York to some homeless chick in
Vermont. No one had ever told...but now Teresa had told. And she would continue
telling until the boys got punished for hurting her.

To be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jarron Greene


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





