BDSM Library - Her Uncle's Study




Her Uncle's Study
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Amy is an innocent teenage girl, who finds herself alone and at the mercy of her sadistic Uncle. She forced to strip naked, is subjected to humiliating sexual abuse and has her bottom severely caned. Finally, to consummate his lust, he sodomises the helpless girl.
WARNING! This story is sexual in nature and is meant for the entertainment of
adults only; it should not be read by minors. It is purely fictional, with
scenes of non-consensual sex, sodomy and the corporal punishment of a teenage
girl. In no way is this story meant to condone any of the actions described and
is fantasy only. Any resemblance to any actual persons or situations in this
story is completely coincidental.

************************

Although this story is copyright of the author, should you wish to post the
story to newsgroups etc, the author has no objections; providing the story is
kept intact and is not altered in any way.

************************

Amy is an innocent teenage girl, who finds herself alone and at the mercy of her
sadistic Uncle. She forced to strip naked, is subjected to humiliating sexual
abuse and has her bottom severely caned. Finally, to consummate his lust, he
sodomises the helpless girl.

************************




HER UNCLE'S STUDY
By Mark Chapel


Slowly she padded down the stairs; she looked sweet, dressed in her pail blue
summer frock with its short full flared skirt. On her feet, she wore white ankle
socks with brown sandals. She walked hesitantly, almost on tiptoe as she stepped
down and entered the hallway.

He'd insisted that she looked her best, "make herself pretty" as he called it.
Her long light blond hair had been brushed and combed till it shone like spun
silk, falling down to the middle of her back. Her frock was clean on from her
drawer, as was her underwear. He was very particular about that sort of thing
when she visited his study.

The house was quiet; normally she could hear the voice of the television in the
front room where her Aunt would be sitting, usually with only a gin bottle for
company. Tonight it was strangely silent.

Amy had moved in with her Aunt and Uncle a month ago, just after her fifteenth
birthday. Before that, since being orphaned at the age of two, when her parents
had been killed in a car crash; she had lived with her grandmother. Then a month
ago, the old lady had been taken ill and her forty-seven year old aunt, her
father's sister, had taken her in. Amy had known that her aunt had not been keen
to have her, oddly it was her husband who had insisted that she came to stay. 
They were a strange couple, although they shared the house they lived separate
lives.

Her Aunt was a woman who drank quite heavily, she was seldom up and about before
midday and when she was she would start drinking steadily throughout the day.

Her Uncle was in his late fifties, older than her Aunt by about ten years. He
stood above average height; a plumpish man with a face that was rather flabby
and thin liped. He had a large fleshy nose, beneath which nestled a neatly
trimmed toothbrush moustache. Amy had not liked him from the start, he commanded
an air of stern authority that she found intimidating and there was something
else, about the way he looked at her that made her uneasy.

At first staying with her aunt and Uncle had seemed all right, although she was
left pretty much to her own devices. Then after the first week, her foreboding
about her Uncle had seemed warranted, he had informed her that he had decided to
take charge of her discipline. For him discipline meant spanking her. She had
tried to rebel against this at first, protesting that she was to old to be
treated this way, but her Uncle was not the sort of man to argue with. When he
was angry his temper could be really frightening and what could a young teenage
girl do against a grown man.

Soon he seamed to take any opportunity to discipline her.  First he had spanked
her over her skirt, then upon her panties with her skirt raised, finely to her
dismay and embarrassment, he had started taking her panties down, spanking her
on her bare bottom. A shy girl, Amy found having her panties taken down by a
man, a most humiliating experience, almost worse than the spanking that
followed. Then lately he had started doing other things, rude, dirty things,
touching her, not just her bottom, but up between her legs, where she knew it
was wrong. It had made her feel strange and frightened. She knew she couldn't
tell anyone as no one would believe her. Her Uncle was a well-respected man in
the local community, a member of the church, with a seat on the local council.
Someone everyone looked up to and considered above reproach.

It was so unfair, Amy considered she had done nothing to merit today's
punishment. He had been in a strange mood all-day, irritable and finding faults
with everything she did. Then just before tea, she had heard him moving about
upstairs. He had called her up to her bedroom, his voice had sounded angry. She
had hurried upstairs to find the wastepaper basket beneath the window was lying
on its side, and a few screwed up papers and sweet wrappers were strewn on the
carpet. Then he'd gone poking around under her bed and had found a pair of her
worn panties, although she had no recollection of leaving them there. He had
been furious holding them under her nose calling her slovenly, dirty and untidy.
He had then continued rummaging round the room finding faults, becoming really
angry over what Amy considered to be trivialities. That she hadn't dusted, that
her bed wasn't made properly. Accusing her of being lazy, he'd informed that he
intended to punish her severely and she was to report to his study, at seven-o
clock that evening.

After this outburst, he relaxed. Nodding to her as he left the room, he'd seemed
strangely pleased with himself.

Now she was standing before his study door. With a look of misery on her sweet
face, she heard the hall clock strike seven. Uncertain as to whether she should
enter or knock and wait, lips pouting, she knocked timidly on the door. There
was a short pause and then her Uncle opened it, standing framed in the light
from the doorway, he looked grim.

He was casually dressed that evening in a brown cardigan open neck shirt and
light grey flannel trousers. Standing back, he let her enter the room first.
Then as usual she heard the click of the lock, as he turned the key.

'Draw the curtains,' he ordered, 'then come back over here.'

Even though it was a large detached house, standing some fifty or sixty yards
from their nearest neighbours, she knew the curtains were always drawn for her
punishments. It might just have been possible for an inquisitive passer-by to
look in through the long sash window and her Uncle was not a man to take risks.

She was conscious that her Uncle's eyes were on her all the time as she
stretched up to pull the heavy green velvet curtains into place. Amy turned and
came back to stand a few feet in front of her tormentor.

He beckoned her closer until he could reach with his outstretched hand. Taking
hold of her slim arm just below the sleeve of he frock, he drew her slowly
towards him.

With the door firmly closed, the curtains drawn, her Uncle's narrowed, piggy
eyes glittering in the light of the wall-lamps. His gaze darted insolently and
openly from the twin prominence of her firm young breasts, outlined under her
taut bodice of her frock, down to her shapely girlish legs, protruding from
beneath her short full skirt. Finely his eyes came to rest on her face.

He considered himself a most fortunate man to have acquired this delightfully
innocent girl as his plaything. She was such a pretty girl, with a sweet hart
shaped face; her fare pail skin was blessed with just with just a few summer
freckles around an upturned little nose. Her round wide blue eyes looked up at
him, doe like, as if imploring leniency. This evening there would be no
leniency; this evening it was his intention to enjoy her to the full.

Amy quailed under his stare. She felt the strength going treacherously out of
her legs, her knees going to jelly, and her voice was hardly audible.

'Wh ...Where's a ...auntie,' she asked. Her aunt was nearly always there and
tonight she wasn't. Her aunt's presence gave her a sense of security, even
though she knew her aunt always stayed out of the way. Somehow, the prospect of
being alone with her Uncle this evening, after what had happened on her last two
visits to his study, twisted knots in her insides.

'A ...auntie:' he said mocking her frightened hesitancy, 'is out for the
evening. She is visiting a friend and won't be back until tomorrow.'

He let the idea sink in, watching Amy's frightened eyes.

'But she ... she's ... she's always ... she...' Amy's voice tailed to a whisper.

'NOT tonight young lady.' he gloated over her discomfort. 'Tonight you are in my
loving care alone ... quite alone.'

He let the full implications sink slowly in. She looked very close to tears.

Amy knew he would only get angrier if she persisted. She lowered her eyes;
hoping that perhaps it wouldn't be so bad as she expected.

'Now you know why you're here and why I'm going to punish you,' he said, 'so
I'll not waste any time giving you a lecture. I'm just going to give you
something to make you think twice, before you leave your room in such a mess
again, is that quite clearly understood?'

Amy gave a frightened nod. Although she felt that she had done nothing wrong,
she knew better than to argue with him when he was in this sort of mood.

'Good, because tonight I'm going cane you young lady. Is that quite clear,'

'B ... bu ... but ... I,' she stammered, feeling genuine fear. Although he had
often threatened it, he had never caned her before. She was blameless; it was so
unfair. He was going to cane her, when she had done absolutely nothing to
deserve it.

'We'll have none of your "buts" young lady' he snapped.

'Get your frock off.' He plucked at the cotton folds at the point between her
breasts.

Amy felt her heart go cold. This was something new. Normally he would just pull
up her skirt to discipline her. Not daring to ague, her face starting to colour
up with embarrassment. One by one, she unfastened the buttons down from the neck
of her frock, then with shaking fingers she took hold of the hem and slowly
peeled it up over her slim, adolescent body.

As she lifted it higher her reddening face went out of his field of vision, but
not before she saw the way he looked at her scantily covered body. His
expression was predatory, lecherous.

With her frock off and in her hands, she stood trembling in front of him,
waiting for the next step in his game.

'Put in on the chair.' he said, his voice soft but firm. Not daring to take her
eyes off her Uncles face, she dropped it across the back of the chair.

He stared at her, blatantly ogling her, as she stood there in just her white
lacy bra and matching brief panties.  She fidgeting nervously, twisting a length
of long blond hair in her fingers. She displayed a truly lovely young body, fair
smooth skinned, well into threshold of maturity. Her breasts were already well
developed; her waist was slim with hips that were already filling out. His eyes
had all ready mentally stripped her, before he put into words the next order.

'Now your bra, take it off.'

'I ... I ... don't see wh ... why,' she protested, begging, her eyes sparkling
with tears, 'just to have my bottom ... sm ... smacked ... I have to.' Amy
faltered over the words, knowing from his cold stare that it was a waste of
time.

'Because I say you're to take it off, that's why,' he said. His voice was hard.

Amy shrank back as he came closer to her, reaching out and running his hands
over her lacy bra, cupping the two little half mounds in his palms. 'Getting
quite a big girl now Amy, now you're growing up. It's high time I had a look. A
pair of pretty little breasts need to be seen sometimes, so just slip them out
now ... eh'

Quite suddenly, she was unable to hold back any longer. The sweet blue eyes
glistened, then overflowed to trickle down her blushing cheeks. She pleaded to
him silently through her tears.

 'Come on get a move on, or would you rather I did it for you?' he asked, moving
closer towards her. She knew that he would take a real delight in forcibly
stripping her, first naked to her waist, then dragging the cotton panties down
off her chubby buttocks.

'No...no...NO...please don't...oh please don't...I'll do it...' she heard
herself crying, her fingers undoing the back clip on her bra as fast as she
could.

Somehow, it all took longer, oh so much longer than usual. Her young points were
pushed forwards by her manoeuvres behind her back, as his hands continued to
fondle her firm breasts through the flimsy lace.

All at once, the tension went off her bra, as she managed to undo the clip. She
let her hands fall helplessly to her sides. His hands left her breasts and slid
up to her shoulders to ease the thin straps off her upper arms.

The bra cups fell away and her pert breasts popped out with a jiggle, proud and
bare, their softly rounded contours exposed now for her Uncle's eager waiting
fingers.  At fifteen, she had well formed breasts, plump but firm with perky
pail pink nipples. Wearing a bra was not really necessary; in fact she had no
need of any support at all.

'There we are, no need to be shy, not with nice little tits like these,' he
said, taking hold of a plump mound in each hand, cupping them. 

Now her breasts were bared for his pleasure, his hands roamed freely, stroking
the smooth skin, moulding the soft flesh in his fingers, feeling the orbs
flutter beneath his hands, 'That's it now pull your shoulders back, stick them
out.' She stood there crying as he played with her now exposed breasts,
massaging and squeezing the firm flesh quite vigorously, ignoring the obvious
discomfort she was feeling, then tickling her pert little nipples till they
stuck up hard and erect. She squirmed shamefaced saying'no... no... oh...
please... please don't... no.'

'Don't be silly, your going to have to get used to having your tits played with,
especially with a pretty little pair like these.' She stood sobbing whilst she
had no choice but to endure this shameful fondling.

Taking her nipples between thumb and forefinger, he rotated them slightly, then
tweaked the hard points, making her wince. Amused by her reaction he pinched
harder. Her hands came up protectively.

'Get your hands down,' he snapped; slapping her fingers out of the way.

His fingers returned to her pink tips tweaking them even harder, hurting her.
'Ow ... ow ... Please... ow... ooo... owww,' she yelped, her lips trembling, as
he steadily increased the pressure on her sensitive points. Watching her face
wincing with pain, he considered the possibility of other future punishments for
these plump spheres. A spanking maybe, or even a caning, punishing her breasts
would make a pleasant alternative to punishing her bottom. He released her
nipples rather reluctantly, then gave both breasts a good final squeezing.

'And now my girl...' he said, as he removed his hands from her breasts. 'Pick up
your bra.'

Amy was still crying as she put her bra across the across the chair back to join
her frock.

'And now I think it's time we had these off,' he said, pointing to her snug
fitting little panties. Take them off, then I can have another look at that
pretty bottom of yours, all nice and bare.'

Her lips quivering, her moist eyes pathetically wide and desperate, she looked
pleadingly up at him, knowing in her heart that it would only make it worse for
her if she dared to make any further protest.

He smiled down at her condescendingly.  His hand without the slightest pretence
of concealment from her, now eased the increasingly fat protuberant bulge within
in the top of his trousers.

Amy swallowed hard, quite loud enough for him to hear. She averted her eyes,
more with dread than embarrassment, away from that bulge and what lay within.

With her fingers fumbling clumsily, she plucked at the waistband of her little
white pants, knowing this moment couldn't be put off. She lowered her head
trying to cover her face with her long blond tresses, hoping to hide her hot
blushes, and so to minimise the humiliation of having to strip herself before
him like this.

Slowly she inched her panties down, her fingers hooked into the elastic
waistband; she slid the material down over the soft swell of her belly. Her
pubic mound, its little slit covered with just a few pail blond curls, peeked
out over the tightness of the stretched material. With blushing cheeks, Amy
bowed her head further; pulling her panties down over her gently rounded thighs.

His voice cooed strangely, in a tone unlike any she'd ever heard him use before.
'That's a good girl.' he murmured, his eyes gleaming as they followed the
hesitant movements of Amy's hands. 'Right down now, all the way, take them right
off, good girl.'

Amy's wide tear filled eyes peeped up at him from under her long fair eyelashes,
mystified by the odd almost sympathetic velvety tone in his voice.

The hand fumbled again with the tight ridge in his thin summer trousers as she
drew her pants right down her legs. He had put a hand out to steady her as she
wobbled, trying to pull them off over her sandeled feet. At last, he took the
panties from her hand feeling them still warm from her body; he examined them
momentarily before casting them into the chair.

Now she stood before him, her tear filled eyes lowered and blushing with shame.
She was now quite naked, except for her ankle socks and sandals. It was the
first time he had made her strip completely like this. She felt so shy and
embarrassed, with her sweet young body totally bare before him. Like most girls
of her age, Amy was very self-conscious about her developing figure. She now
desperately wanted to put her hands up to hide her most intimate parts, to try
and minimise her shame. She also knew Instinctively that to do so would only
incur his displeasure. 

To her chagrin, his next order was for her to do quite the opposite. 'Stand up
straight girl, now let's have a little lesson in deportment.' His manner was
once more strict and authoritarian. 'I want you to put your hands up on your
head and stand with your legs astride.'

Realising how shamefully and helplessly exposed this would leave her, Amy
clasped her fingers tight upon the top of her head and then shuffled her feet
apart on the carpet.  It was a position that left her feeling very vulnerable.

'Come on now' he ordered, 'I want to see your legs spread really wide open.'

Obediently she spread her legs even wider apart for him, trying desperately to
be a "good girl" hoping it would help. Trying to awaken some feelings of
tenderness for her, despite the fact that he had never really ever shown any.
She knew he would cane her, but he mightn't be so hard on her if she
co-operated.

He moved round to her side. The young girl had a very well developed bottom; her
two white cheeks bulged out saucily from the tops of her thighs. His eyes were
now feasting on the plump flesh, softly rounded and as tempting as the juiciest
of peaches. To him Amy's pert young buttocks were one of her prettiest features,
they simply asked for the punishment that he so enjoyed inflicting.

Now he reached out to fondle her bottom, running his hand almost lovingly over
the two plump spheres, gently squeezing first one firm cheek then the other,
testing their springy resilience. The texture of the white flesh was that of the
softest velvet. 

He patted the plump mounds underneath, in turn, studying the way they giggled
and bounced. Now his fat digit traced teasingly down the cleft that dividing the
two globes. Amy shivered; frightened as the probing teasing finger became two
and then three, easing her cheeks apart, feeling their way into that warm cleft.
Suddenly, she was being stroked up between the division of her buttocks, his
fingers sliding up and down this most intimate region. Then one finger was
slowly brushing insolently at the small, taut dimple of her anus, probing
softly.

'Pity,' he said softly almost in a whisper bringing his face close to her ear,
'pity to have to punish you Amy...I don't really want to have to make you cry
you know.' She moved her weight carefully from one leg to the other, trying to
find a more comfortable position. The two saucy girlish cheeks nuzzled against
his hand. He pushed the tip of his of his finger a little way into her anus
teasing it, probing it up into the puckered hole. Amy squirmed with discomfort
at the feel of his finger worming its way up into her bottom. Although she
didn't know, it was a foretaste of what was to come. Later after he had caned
her, he had every intention of buggering this tight little hole.

Now he placed his other hand on her tummy over the hollow of her navel, stroking
its soft rounded contours. Then sliding down, his exploring fingers slid slowly
towards her little slit that was now so openly exposed by her widely spread
thighs. Shocked with panic stricken butterflies fluttering in her dry throat,
Amy desperately wanted to clamp her thighs back tightly together as she felt his
hand touch her, cupping the plump mound of her vulva, gently massaging it, then
parting the soft lips.  Now one long finger probed insistently, prodding gently
at her virgin slit, as if searching for something very special. She gasped with
a tiny frightened little squeaking noise, trying to squirm away from his teasing
touch. Her soft cheeks wobbled faintly from side to side as she wiggled her
buttocks. Her peachy globes were pushed back onto the hand that lay between
them, impaling her anus even further onto the finger that was now intruding up
into it.

Plucking playfully at the small bud which his finger had at last located in the
partition of her soft lips, he felt it swell up hard beneath his touch as he
gently massaged it.

She moaned in protest...knowing he was taking liberties he hadn't ever before.
'Ahh ... ooh ... ahh ... n ... n ... no ... pl ... please. You ... you mustn't
... no ... no,' she wept

'Now be a good girl Amy.' Cooed the quiet voice, as the finger slid gently back
and forth, stroking and tormenting the tip of her fat little bud.

Amy's hips and thighs wormed obscenely as she felt his fingers frigging her,
tickling her sensitive little clit; as she struggled not to admit to the
feelings he was arousing in her. A modest and innocent young girl, what he was
doing to her she found both disgusting and humiliating. But now Amy began to
feel something else, the first tremors of forbidden excitement radiating into
her hot helpless loins, her sobbing and weeping began to change to low moans of
pleasure as his tickling finger wiggled the nut hard button, flicking up and
down.

Amy wriggled agitatedly, her legs going wobbly. 'Oh no NO! Please
don't...please...oh please. ' she gasped her face flushed and wide eyed. She
struggled up on to her toes, pushing herself backwards, only to stick her bottom
unavoidably higher and even further onto the other intruding digit probing up
into her anus as she teetered gently in the awkward and unbalanced position.

He gently frigged the innocent girl, driving her slowly on towards the
inevitable. Soon her gulps and gasps began to change to low moans of pleasure,
her last resolve melted, betrayed by her own body, destroying the determination
not to let herself down. His fingers explored her to her full potential, letting
her squirm and gyrate, pushing her hot and moist young lips down onto his hand,
rubbing them against the delving fingers that were now running with her virgin
dew. He pushed her slowly, step by biter step, weeping, sobbing, bleating,
gasping.  Then her whole body convulsed.

OH... AH... AGGGGHHH AGHHH AHHHHH,' she gasped, spasming, throwing her head
back, her long mane of blond hair flying out behind her, her chest heaving,
breasts bouncing, the flesh of her young naked body quivering as she writhed
lewdly, her vaginal lips palpitating on his fingers, her once sweet innocent
face now contorted with shameless lust.  Beyond all control, her whole body
stiffened in an orgasmic rigor as her first girlish climax exploded within her
hot churning loins.

Then slowly her orgasm passed. Sobbing, she went limp, falling forward, gasping
hoarsely, wide eyed, slightly bewildered at what he had made her do.

'Who would have thought it, such a randy little girl. You like having your
little cunt played with don't you' he said, mocking her humiliation; thoroughly
pleased with her response to his manipulations of her young body.

'Now kneel down on the floor,' he ordered, 'I'll be with you in a minute.'

She dropped down onto the thick carpet, glad to take the weight of her shaking
legs.

Walking behind her, giving her a moment to recover, he went over to his drinks
cabinet in the corner and poured himself a large malt whisky. He sipped the
amber spirit and stood admiring his little, naked plaything. She looked so
submissive kneeling there with her long fair heir hanging down her slim back,
which in turn tapered down to the full flair of her hips and her plump rounded
buttocks, resting on her heals. He felt pleased with himself and his young
protege, who was performing better than he had expected. Downing the remainder
of his drink he took now the cane from its place in a cupboard.  It was a
regulation crook handled school cane, made of pencil thin rattan.

Amy watched as he came slowly round to stand just in front of her, she craned
her neck up to look up at him. The enormous bulge in the thin material of his
trousers loomed only inches from her hot blushing face. She felt faint with
apprehension as she now caught sight of the cane swinging easily from his hand.

'Now, then Amy,' he said, his voice was velvet again.  'Now I'm going to teach
you to be a really good girl.'

He reached down and stroked her gently over the back of her head, sinking his
fingers through the lush blonde tresses to fondle her, squeezing the muscles of
the nape of her slim neck.

Then with exaggerated deliberation, he slowly unbuttoned the front of his
trousers. Amy stared wide-eyed as the bulge began to stir and then lowered her
eyes to the carpet. Her Uncle took a firm hold of her blonde hair and pulled her
head back so that she was forced to watch as he parted his underpants and felt
around inside.

She watched as with a bound, which took her by surprise, making her jump despite
her kneeling position. The swollen length of his cock sprang from its
confinement, pointing at her face from point-blank range, its swollen purple eye
peering into hers.

'OH ... OOHH ... NO:' was all she could say, and then she saw the shiny length
of the thin whipy cane swinging to and fro as he lifted it up behind her. She
heard it hiss as he let it slip through the air and then with a 'Whack' which
made her jump again, Its hard tip landed firm and solid across the cheeks her
bare bottom. It was a new experience, and one that hurt.

Oooohh ... oh ... aaah ... n ... no.' Amy jerked helplessly as the sting seared
her bottom, his hand holding her hair forced her to look up at him, her pretty
lips parting as she drew in a gasping intake of breath, still feeling that first
fiery caress of the hard rattan.

He nodded down to his jutting cock. 'This,' he said deliberately, is for you
miss, it's a present, a nice present for a growing up girl. Now aren't you going
to say thank you to your nice present before I give it to you?' His cock wagged
as he moved it a little nearer to her scarlet face.

Horrified, she stared wide-eyed at the fat bulging, glistening glans. She'd
never seen one before, not like this, not in all her young life. It looked huge
and monstrous.

The cane cracked down again and she squealed at its sting as her bottom wriggled
and her ankles kicked. His cock came nearer to her face; she felt it brushing up
against her cheek.

'Now be a good girl Amy, say thank you and give it a nice big kiss.' His voice
was unctuous.

She stumbled over the words, her throat tight with the repugnance of what he
wanted her to do. 'Oh God ... no...  No ... Don't make me do that, please Uncle
not ... Ooooww.' Another flick of the cane served as a reminder.

'Come on now.' said the velvet voice. .'Give it a big kiss, you're going to have
to learn how to do these things, now you're growing up.'

She tried to shake her head as much as she could with him holding her. Her eyes
moistened and once more, her tears brimmed over running down her face.
''Crack... crack," two quick flicks of the cane across one cheek then another of
her girlish buttocks. Her bottom twitched frantically. As she opened her mouth
to gasp out her anguish her Uncle's cock slid smoothly between her lips.

With a jerk, Amy snatched her head back away from it. A second later the supple
cane cracked quickly down across her bottom, this time really hard. The sting
shot up to her consciousness.

'That hurt, didn't it? Now, young lady, your going to do as your told, you're
going to put my cock right into your mouth and give it a nice sucking or I am
going to thrash your fat little backside until you do.'

Although what was being forced to do filed her with disgust she surrendered, and
with a resigned and helpless whimper put her tear stained face forwards, sobbing
bitterly she took the hot tip of his bulging glans between her sweet lips.

Good girl, that's better.' he said encouragingly. 'Now, that is, a good girl:'
Amy's lips were still trembling on just the end of his hard cock. She felt
sickened, never before had she been in such a situation, she was practically
paralysed with fear. He stood for her immobility for only a few seconds.

'Come on you silly girl, get it right in and suck on it properly. Suck it like a
lolly. You can suck one of those without any problems, now go on, harder, yes
that's it.'  He taped her bottom cheeks with the tip of his cane to encourage
her as she enclosed his length within her mouth.  'Get it right in, lips tight,
now suck hard, ah yes that's better, don't let it out now.'

Amy's lips encircled his cock. She sucked at it, feeling his thick length filing
her mouth, her eyes running with tears, her nostrils flared, her wet lips
sliding up and down its hard shaft.  'Now use the tip of your tongue, lick it
round the bulbous bit...ah yes that's the way, very good.'  Her whole being was
in revulsion, yet fearing his cane she forced herself to tongue his heavy glans,
obediently licking it, now under his instruction, probing the tip of her tongue
into the vent at the end.  He kept pulling Amy's head back holding firmly by her
heir giving her no excuse to give up 'Good really long sucks, good girl, that's
a good girl...ah...yes.'

He stood there letting her suck him as he watched her pretty blonde head
bobbing, listening to the sucking noises produced by her soft lips sliding up
and down his cock length. Her tongue fluttering teasingly around the bell end.
He kept her at it, sucking away at his hard flesh until he felt the beginnings
of the first spasm of an impending orgasm. It was so very tempting to come in
this lovely young girl's mouth, but he didn't want her sucking him off, not yet,
perhaps later up in her bedroom.

'Oh dear...that's enough...stop it now.'  He pulled her head back. Amy gladly
took her aching lips away from his wet rock hard tool, and through her salty
tear-stained eyes she watched the fat knob twitching hazily in her vision, its
vent oozing a little pearly blob of sticky seminal fluid.

Having allowed her to extract this token from him, he felt the need for another
drink to calm himself. This time he took a smaller measure and knocked it back
quickly; then walking past his young victim, he stood in the space in front of
the fireplace.

'Get up and come here,' he said, beckoning to her. 'Now it's time now for your
punishment, time to have your pretty little bottom caned.'

Standing up, she felt genuine terror as she walked reluctantly over to where he
stood waiting. The cane was still in his hand and his cock was still protruding
erect out from the front of his open trousers, in some circumstances the sight
of sticking out might have been amusing, but for her it was just disgusting and
frightening.

'Right, Bend over,' he told her briskly.

She bent forward placing her hands on her knees.

'Come on, stick out that fat backside of yours. I want to see it sticking right
out.'

Terrified the young girl struggled to comply; dipping her back and thrusting the
chubby bare cheeks of her bottom out towards him in a thoroughly obscene manner.
He could see the faint red marks where he had enforced her earlier obedience.
These were just tokens, now he intended to cane her properly, now he wanted to
hear her really cry.

Taking up a position just behind the quivering girl, he drew his cane across her
cringing bottom cheeks. Taking his measure, he raised the cane up high; up over
his shoulder and then brought it down with a swish, that was quickly followed by
a loud crack. The twin cheeks of her bottom quivered like two jellies as the
cane bit deep into their soft young flesh. A mark appeared across the naked
spheres, at first a livid white, then quickly darkening to a painful red.

Amy jumped up onto the tips of her toes, gasping, unable even to cry out. Any
hope that her earlier co-operation would incite some compassion was now
instantly dismissed as a line of burning, agonising pain erupted across her
bottom. Her eyes were staring wide with disbelief that it could hurt so much.
Amy's pretty face was now a mask of agony, as tears flooded down her cheeks. She
grasped at her buttocks, rubbing them furiously to try and ease the pain.

He waited, enjoying the display, before he ordered her to reposition herself.
One more she bent her naked body before him, now shaking with sobs as she held
out her bottom, offering it to him for the next painful stroke.

Across her white quivering cheeks a wicked twin tracked weal had now been
raised, it was turning slowly from red to a dark purple. He lifted the supple
rod again, paused, then whipped it down across her soft bottom, letting it bight
in, just below that first cruel stroke.

'WHAAA... AAH... AAH ... AAAH...' She yelled out loud this time, shrill cries
echoing in the confines of the room as the pain sank in and she jumped up to rub
her smarting bottomcheeks.

Again, she was made to position herself.  He taped the cane gently against her
quivering cheeks, causing them to flinch each time at its contact.  Then the
taping stopped as the cane left her bottom, her cheeks clenched in anticipation. 
He waited for them to relax before the cane came whistling down, ending with a
loud crack, her flesh rippling from its point of impact as it sliced into her
plump round cheeks.  Then a band of pain blazed across her bottom, it was a
shear agony that seamed to penetrate right through to her sole.  Gasping
breathlessly, she writhed before him, her buttocks clenching and unclenching,
then she found her breath and yelled out her torment.

After each stroke, the young girl would leap up, her face flooded with tears,
squealing and crying loudly, prancing around, furiously rubbing her blazing
bottom, her sandals drumming up and down on the carpet. He watched her with
evident pleasure, massaging his thick cock as he did so. Watching, as she
performed her dance pain to the accompaniment of her own pitiful cries and sobs.
How he enjoyed the site of her young naked body prancing before him, her plump
breasts bouncing, her sweet body squirming so erotically as she danced her
hopping, skipping, jig of agony.

Then sobbing her hart out, she would have to reposition her aching bottom,
sticking it out, ready for the next descent of his stinging cane to land across
her defenceless cheeks. 

Then another whistling swish and its cut would bite into Amy's pore bottom;
another gasping yell of pain would be forced from her sweet lips, followed by
her loud blubbering sobs.

Her whole body shaking she thrust out her bottom that ached with the burning
pain of the previous strokes. She waited, crying like a baby; he let her wait,
then Thwack!  The cane slashed down across Amy's tortured flesh, raising yet
another welt that this time cut across the previous one.  Amy yelled a
full-throated scream; dancing around, her hip's jerking in an almost orgasmic
frenzy.

He continued caning the young girl without mercy, thrashing her soft tender
buttocks, taking his time, relishing in her suffering, her crying and her tears.
Occasionally, he would pause to fondle her pained flesh between strokes. Feeling
the raised bands, fiery hot, under his touch. Sometimes he slipped his fingers
between her cheeks to feel at her anus and down to her moist slit. As he
caressed her intimate parts with one hand, he massaged his erect cock with the
other.

After he had inflicted some twenty strokes across her writhing cheeks, at last,
he finished her chastisement.  It was not out of pity for this sobbing young
girl that he now stopped her correction but from an ache in his loins and a
desire to finally consummate his lust.  He let the cane fall from his grasp.

Her bottom looked very painful indeed, flaming red and embossed with a
criss-cross of bruised swollen welts. Now coming round to her front, he lifted
her chin to view the tear stained face of this weeping, naked young girl. Her
pretty face was now snivelling and wretched, her eyes were red and puffy, her
complexion blotchy, saturated with shed tears, her nose running down onto her
chin and into her open mouth. She was sobbing, gasping, blubbering. He smiled
down at her pathetic countenance with a look of pleasure on his face. 'So now
you're going to be my good little girl, is that right my little poppet.'

Her blubbering sobs made her whispered answer of assent almost incoherent.

'Good, because now Amy, I am going to stick my cock right up your bottom hole,
and this is something else you are going to get used to, now that you are
staying here with me'

Not fully understanding what he meant, or what had planed for her, Amy let
herself be led her by her arm, still crying, over to the a big leather armchair.
He arranged her, bending forward over its back, pushing her right up onto the
tips of her toes, she felt his hand part her thighs.

'Stay there,' he told her, leaving her hanging over the chair's broad leather
back, her sandeld feet up on tiptoe, her bare bottom sticking up in the air.

He went to his desk drawer and returned with a jar of Vaseline.  Standing behind
her, he now lowered his trousers and underpants, then opening the jar, he rubbed
a liberal amount over his erection making it slick. Then taking another blob, he
now applied it to her puckered anus, sinking his finger right up to the knuckle,
sliding it in and out, greasing her bottom hole deeply.

'Time for you to get this bottom of yours fucked Amy,' he said, as he aimed the
hard knob of his cock up between her chubby cheeks, guiding its tip up against
the wrinkled hole of her anus.

His cock was ridged and hard as he pressed its snout up against her. She was
tight, as he had expected; it was the fist time anyone had intruded into her
this way. He pushed; her anus resisted him at first, then under the pressure the
pink rosette gave way and slowly opened. The young girl stiffened against him as
she felt her tight hole being stretched open to admit his engorged flesh, as he
sank it deeper into her hot velvet softness.

'Oh please ... please no ... don't ... don't ... DON'T... TAKE IT OUT... PLEASE
TAKE IT OUT!! she howled out loud, bursting into fresh tears, as she now felt
the pain of his cock squeezing up into her rectum. It felt huge inside her; her
bottom was being stretched open with his thick flesh.

Holding her, his hands firmly griping her slim waist he pulled her towards him,
slowly pushing his cock further up into her tightness.  Never would she have
believed that anyone could do something as filthy as this to her.  She felt
defiled and sick with loathing, as she suffered the stretching pain of his
cock's slow intrusion, filing her, up into her tight back passage.

'It's too big PLEASE it hurts ... oooohoo ... no ... GNUG... UGHAA... UGH...
UGHAAA!!!. Her body tensed, she felt as if her bottom was going to burst as he
forced his length right up into her, thrusting it up her to the hilt.

Her pleas and tears were of no use. Despite her loathing and disgust, she had no
choice but to yield to her ravisher and to the rape of her young bottom. Holding
her tight so that she couldn't expel his cock, he lay with her for a wile, not
moving, savouring her tightness, as the elastic muscle of her anal sphincter
griped at the root of his penis, engorging its length with hot blood.

Now he began fucking her in earnest, sliding his cock slowly in and out, feeling
her tight hole griping him, then driving in deep and hard, making her gasp and
cry out loud with each froward thrust.  How he delighted in buggering this sweet
young girl, destroying her innocence with each thrust of his cock.

Her Uncle was in ecstasy. His hands now roamed freely over her naked body as he
fucked her bottom, caressing her soft skin, fondling her, molesting her, over
her breasts her thighs and down between her legs.

He pumped his cock into her with deep methodical strokes as she lay there
panting and sobbing beneath him. Taking his time he plunged it in deep and then
savoured the tenuous withdrawal, the tightness of her rectum sucking at his
cock. Then once again he thrust it in hard, burying it deep into her tight
passage, with her body jolting in response.  She bucked like a young foal as her
hot sore bottomcheeks slapped against his paunch.

Finely at last, overwhelmed and unable to hold back any longer his orgasm slowly
mounted, then exploded. His body ridged, he rammed his cock up into her bottom
as far as it would go, his hot semen spurting out, spurting powerfully up into
the hot depths of her rectum and filing it with his thick sperm.  Now he himself
finally expired, in the last gasp of his ultimate satisfaction, he withdrew from
her now defiled bottom hole

When he had recovered, he dressed himself and picked her clothes up for her.
Holding her face in his hands, looking intently into her reddened weeping eyes,
he found she had lost her look of sweet fresh innocence but had found another
quality he thought he could develop.

Pushing her clothes into her arms, he dismissed her with a nod of the head, full
of authority again. 'Right then off to bed with you now, I'll be up with you
shortly.'

Amy could only nod through a mist of tears. With her bottom sore, both inside
and out, she staggered to the door sobbing, her pore swollen bottomcheeks
wobbling painfully behind her. He smiled at her retreating figure.

'Don't bother putting on your pyjamas tonight young lady,' he called after her.
'I've not finished with you yet.'

Amy burst into fresh sobs as she padded her way slowly back up the stairs.


************************
The End.


************************




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mark Chapel(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





