BDSM Library - New Boston City




New Boston City
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story in a futuristic, corporate-oriented world where young lesbians risk heavy punishment. Extremely heavy.
New Boston City (Part 1)

   Sally plays distractedly with Vivian's hair.
By the large window she can see the sunset on New Boston City.
The two girls live in a gigabuilding in one of the numerous suburbs surrounding
the centre.
The one hundred storeys tower is situated in a very middle-class neighbourhood
and it is not a very pleasant place to live, but it's the only district where
the two girls could afford to share a decent flat.
The only advantage is the view.
Sally gets out of the bed, puts on a night gown and, as softly as possible not
to wake up her lover, goes on the balcony.
From here, she can see a great part of the city, including the lower buildings
of the suburbs nearby and the massive, elegant towers of the centre.

   The whole city belongs to the Company.
That means that it is ruled by the Company, which is, in the meantime, the
employer, the banker, the only political power and also the only moral ruler of
all the citizens.
By the way, it also means that Sally and Vivian are outlaws of a sort, cause the
Company's Civil Codex contains law that forbids homosexuality, even if it is
known to be tolerated in a way.
A way that is, nonetheless, neither clear nor safe. And the Company's Codex is
definitely the only form of law in the city, and the enforcement of this law can
take different faces, including heavy fines, corporal punishments and long
periods in jail.
It's 2065, and when Sally was born, the company had already been ruling the city
for dozens of year.
She is 24 year old, with shoulder-length blond hair and a nice, muscular body
that she trains regularly in the local gym-club, including a pair of stunning
apple shaped breasts that really were a men's magnet, and, as far as Sally was
concerned, could also be quite an efficient girl's magnet.
But this peculiar trait of her physical appearance had changed in Sally's mind
now. She didn't want her beautiful breast to be anyone's concern but Vivian's
now. Cause she really loved Viviann, and was pretty sure that Viviann felt the
same way about her.

	The 22 year old girl slept like a baby, naked over the sheets because of the
choking summer heat.
The was a bit smaller than Sally and, when Sally sometimes looked nearly plump,
Viviann was always very slim.
Her short brown hair cast lovely shadows on the cute, almost naive features of
her face; and her pale, fragile body, curled up on the bed was a sight that
Sally wanted to appreciate until death would tear them apart.
Unfortunately, the Company's views on homosexuality made the dream of being
eventually "officially" united out of reach.
The puritans ruled the Company.
The Company ruled the city.
So the city was ruled by the puritans, which meant that the two lesbians were
always under the threat of a judicial action.
And a judicial action could mean anything from bankruptcy to harsh physical
pain.
 
	Someone knocked at the door, and when she heard the three firm bangs, Sally
felt something in her belly that talked about fear.
Without knowing precisely how and why, she goes to the door with the vivid
impression that the knocking brought bad news.
It was in the sound, or in the muffled voices she could hear on the other side
of the door, but something teased viciously her instinct.
So she first came near the bed and bent over Vivian's head, to kiss tenderly her
forehead.
Vivian grunted softly, still half asleep.
-" Who's this ?
- I don't know, I'll check."
Sally was surprised by her own voice it definitely was tensed, and she couldn't
help it, she couldn't help feeling nervous about any kind of late comer because
she knew that she somewhat lived out of the bounds of the Codex's law.
Three new bangs echoed in the flat.
-"I'm coming, I'm coming."
So she went to the door, peered in the hole, saw the uniforms and, in a
tremulous voice, said : " Just a second, I'm undressed. ", before she rushed to
the bed and said to Vivian, who was now completely awake, to hurry up and get
dressed as quickly as possible so that the appearances wouldn't accuse them.
But the pass was already in the bolt, and the door was open before Vivian could
even put on a T-shirt.
Grinning on the threshold, a woman wearing the distinctive uniform of the
judicial section said : " No need to dress my girls, cause you your bodies will
clearly be bare anew very soon.   

	Four persons entered the flat, the officer, who was a woman in her late
thirties with a face that told a long story about her being sadistic and
merciless, two young men wearing the uniform of the CE ( Codex Enforcement )
which was the sole police of New Boston, and a rather fat man more than fifty
year old who smiled cheerfully.
The woman-officer held an official form at arm's length and sneered.
-" Mesdemoiselles, before you even think about complaining, here is a document
that allows us to enter your abode and use any mean possible in order to enforce
the Codex's Law.
To translate it into common language, it does mean that you don't have any
reason at all to complain or resist whatever happens. Ok ? "
Sally, wearing only the thong which she had found near the bed, bit fiercely her
lower lip.
This time it was clear, the agents had come to punish them.
How and why she couldn't tell, but the presence of the two youngsters holding
sticks was definitely a clue that corporal punishment would be  involved. 
Vivian tried desperately to pull down the t-shirt to hide her shaved pussy to
the men and also to the terrible woman who was watching her with a vicious
stare.
-" Poor little thing, don't worry about showing your kitty to Miss Jarlad. There
is no point you know, cause Miss Jarlad will see your little sex sooner or
later."
The fat man giggled.
Miss Jarlad elbowed him and gave her orders to the two guards.
-" Go and secure the place. The last survey told us that 20 percent of lesbians
hid weapons, so scan the room. I don't want to receive a badly aimed bullet
today."
Because she was unnerved by the way the officer seemed to treat the two of them
like mere objects, Sally spoke to Miss Jarlad with a voice that certainly was
fiercer than expected.
-" And can we please know what you are doing here ? "
The officer burst into laughter.
-" Wow ! That's a strong headed little minx, isn't it ? "
The fat man giggled a bit more and then sat on the couch, without even thinking
of asking the permission.
The captain Jarlad grinned and displayed a couple of official forms that clearly
meant no good news.
-" This, my dear Sally, is a document that declares that you've been condemned,
you and your friend, to an administrative sanction because of your overdrafts on
each of your accounts.
And this is the result of an inquest done by the Codex's office of Civil Unrest
that concludes that you and your friend are guilty of more than twenty-five
different forms of characterized offence against the Codex's Law."
She then let a few seconds to the two girls so that they start to see what it
does mean.
-" As a conclusion, this inquest declares that you are liable to receive, as
soon as possible, an administrative sanction including a fine, a period in jail
and, first of all, a corporal punishment.
You might go in appeal concerning the fine and the imprisonment, but as soon as
we are here, you will now have to undergo the corporal punishment, as it is
clearly written in the Codex.
Which means that you I will have to make you experience physical pain, here and
now, within the limits of your condemnation. "
The fat man clapped his hands.
-" I love it when you talk like that ! "
Vivian had given up pulling her T-shirt and watched the scene with a growing
despair on her lovely face.
As the guards finished checking the room for concealed weapons, Sally and her
felt the cold shivers of fear slowly invade their bodies, and this dread that
clutch at their lovely throats clearly talked about the kind of punishment that
a woman's body couldn't soon forget.

   -" First I want to know that the last, but not least, reason for our presence
this evening was your blatant homosexuality.
This perversion of yours has been confirmed by a number of witnesses in your
close neighbourhood, but I had to check one last time if this accusations were
grounded.
The fact that you both were naked before we entered will be the last piece of
evidence, of course.
So, I think I can now consider that your case can definitely be classified as
General Civil Criminality, which obliges me to tell you your rights in the new
light of your final condemnation." 
The fat man smiled, and the two guards, menacingly gripping the sticks in their
hands, made the solution of rebellion become pure nonsense.
The captain Jarlad continued, using an extremely formal tone, on the very edge
of caricature. 
-" As it is written in the Codex, being accused of General Civil Criminality or
GCC, affects your right in many ways.
First of all, you will not be able to appeal against any of the sanctions that
should be given to you during the first part of your condemnation, which means
today from now on until tomorrow at the same hour.
In the same way, you can't make any complaint concerning what might happen
during this first part, after effects included.
Only in the case of an established error in the very nature of your sanction
will you be allowed to deliver a complaint, and this can only be established by
an authority registered in the Codex.
The GCC Laws affects your statutory rights so that neither the parts of your
body considered as sensitive, fragile, or those considered as intimate should be
kept out of the treatments meant to sanction your crimes.
A special statement also declares that under the GCC Laws, the fundamental right
to a normal sexual life known as the Law 212Gc3 doesn't apply." 
Vivian utters a discrete "oh no" and Sally clutches her fists her face shadowed
by a mix of anger and sadness.
-" Ok... What do you want to say ? That you will hurt us and you will also
certainly harm our sexes ? Why don't you say it clearly; all this judicial
gibberish always means the same thing and that thing is an employee being
trashed in the worst possible way. We know that don't we ? That's what the
Company is about..."
The captain Jarlad pursed her lips.
-" Ho ho ! I'm very disappointed by the way you judge the Company you work for.
And, by the way, criticising the Company without any proofs is a characterised
offence as you know."
Without being told to do so, a guard went in front of Sally and said.
-" Please keep your hand behind your back Miss."
The girl obeyed.
The guard hit her right on the navel, with the end of his stick, and hard enough
to make her stagger on her feet and clutch her stomach.
Vivian whined and told her friend, in a tremulous voice : " Don't do that, don't
say anything, it's useless, you'll only receive more blows."
Sally caressed her bellybutton, grimacing with pain, and nonetheless added.
-" I say that because it's true, and everyone knows it is true."
The guard shrugged, she put her hands behind her back a second time and kept a
hard expression on her face.
But when the new blow hit her, harder, on the same spot, her determination could
no longer sustain her and she moaned softly, bending and panting.
The captain Jarlad shook her head.
-" You should have listened to your little friend my girl. With what I have in
stall for you, you really don't need these extra blows."
Vivian, seeing that her lover was in pain, stepped in her direction to console
her. But the second guar used his stick so nastily on her back that she stopped
and felt the tears come to her eyes.
-" Just a last advice: you should never ever move or talk without my permission
as long as the sanction lasts. Each failure to comply with this rule will be
immediately followed by a blow given by the guards.
Very often during the sanction, you will be asked to stay still in a position
suitable to the treatment that must be inflicted. In each case you will have to
follow the instructions or you will be beaten until you do."
Vivian was terrified by the blow the guar had delivered right on her kidneys.
Moving didn't appear as being an option for her, not at all.
But Sally despite her being top less in front of three men and a woman-officer
was in such a rage that she couldn't refrain from showing that she could rebel
against the wanton treatment she had been condemned to.
-" All right, we won't move. But we still can talk, can't we. I mean, if we
don't criticise the Company of course.
- Of course.
- And are we allowed to insult our tormentors in this case ? "
The next blow came so suddenly that she wasn't able to contract her muscles as
she had done before.
The stick hit her flat beneath her navel and so hard that Vivian started when
she heard the noise.
Sally fell down on the floor, clutching her belly and moaning.
The captain winked at the guard.
-" Oh Sir ! You shouldn't strike that hard on the belly, you know it is sensible
there."
The fat man was crying with laughter.
-" That's a lesson for the nasty little bitch."
The captain Jarlad frowned.
-" Will you hold your tongue Sam ?"
The fat man grumbled and stayed silent.
-" All right, if you could now go and sit on the bed Sally, we would be able to
start this sanction now."
Sally, still holding her aching stomach, stood up and went on the bed.
The captain turned towards Vivian and, in a fake benevolent voice explained.
-" I will start with you my girl. And as you've been more disciplined than your
friend, I might be sympathetic during this first punishment.
Now would you please go in front of this chest of drawers here and put your
hands on it, and I may whip your bottom."
Vivian obeyed.
-" Can you please get rid of your T-shirt, all the punishment given to General
Criminals are to be given on a completely naked body. 
The fat man grinned viciously.
Vivian undressed and arched her body, without being told to do so, to present
her firm, round bottom so that the whipping wouldn't strike her back or her
thighs.
The captain searched in the big bag containing her instruments and found a cane
that was three feet long, and looked in the meantime very hard and sufficiently
flexible to get extra momentum before the impacts.
She presented the cane to Vivian and declared.
-"So, as a starter, you will have your bottom canned. I'll give you twenty
strokes with this cane, and then I'll give you ten more on the back of your
thighs and the same on your back. Each stroke is supposed to let a mark on your
skin, so I may verify afterwards that each part of your body which has been
canned shows the right number of clear marks. 
I'll start right now. It will be painful but you will have not to move until
I've finished with the canning and stay as silent as possible. If you move or
make too much noise while I'm canning you, a guard may give you some extra blows
on your belly, so try to stay quiet and still."
The canning starts, hard and precise, the blows hit Vivian's bottom until it is
nastily bruised and covered by sometimes terrible marks that criss-cross the
soft pale skin and had made her bleed a few times.
During the whole canning, Vivian raised all her strength not to move or make too
much noise, and she succeeded in staying nearly silent, apart from a low, sad
whine sometimes, when the hard blows made her blood come to the surface of her
tender skin.
Because they were more painful, the strokes given on her thighs made her moan
louder and the blows delivered to her back made her cough a few times when they
aimed at her shoulder blades and nearly shout when they hurt her on the kidneys.
 At the end of the canning she was crying out her pain, of course, but silently
and with an astonishing dignity.
She then went near the bed to let Sally take her place and be canned exactly in
the same way.
During her own caning, Sally, too proud to act differently, kept still and quiet
just as Vivian, but, as the captain increased slightly the strength of her blows
on her, she had to summon all the power of her will not to shout when some
strokes clearly made her bleed, on the bottom, and also on the thighs and in the
lower part of her back. .
When it stopped, she slowly rejoined her friend near the bed and waited for the
next move of the their tormentor, without even trying to touch the aching parts
of her skin. 
During the two canings, the fat man never stopped smiling and frequently touched
his trousers where his bulging penis was.
The captain Jarlad nodded her approval.
-" All right. If you keep on behaving like that, it will be quick and decent."
The fat man giggled.
-" I'm not sure they will when you will be caning their breasts..."
The captain looked furious.
-" Will you shut up ?!"
Vivian turned towards Sally and, in a choked voice, asked her friend :
-" What ?! It's not finished ?! I thought it was... She will cane our breasts
?!!"
A shadow of anger veiled Sally's eyes. She hated having to say that to Vivian,
but she had to.
-" Yes. We are Civil Criminals. That means that the punishment will be long and
she will certainly hurt our breasts or our sex...Or both..."
Receiving the first blow by the youngest guard, Sally couldn't go on and moaned
as it awoke the awful pain in her stomach.
Vivian was hit in the same way, and the surprise of receiving such a blow on a
sensible part of her anatomy made her stagger and fall on the floor, crying and
clutching her belly.
-" I told you you were not allowed to speak without my permission.
Well... Take your time to stand up, I'll start the next part with your friend
anyway.
Come on Sally, please go on the bed and lie on your back."




New Boston City (Part 2)

The young woman knew at this point that it would be useless to add anything. So
she went on the bed to be canned.
-" Take your pillow, fold it and put it under your bottom please."
Sally did it, knowing this would be used to heighten the lower part of her bell,
where the canning would strike her. 
-" I will now cane give you ten blows on your abdomen and five on your breasts.
You will not be tied and the canning might be extremely painful, especially on
your chest, but you are not allowed to move or protect your body. If you do so,
I'll add a new blow each time you shift your position, given immediately on the
part of your body I am canning, Ok ?
-Ok...
-So let's start".
As it goes down under Sally's navel, the cane makes a snapping noise that tells
a lot about the pain that the blow has delivered.            
The girl winces, and feels the terrible pain grow meeting by accident the eyes
of Vivian who had just stood up.
Reading the sadness in the glance of her friend, Vivian said : "Oh".
Sally who received the second blow precisely at this moment and uttered a soft
moan, couldn't hear that.
The fact that she was canned exactly where her belly had been beaten by the
guard increased the twinges in her abdomen, and the canning went on and on until
her skin between her pubic hair and her navel was covered with long, burning
marks that were all very lose to bleeding.
When it finished, Sally, who had never moved despite the terrible agony of her
whipped belly, was crying silently, her fists clenched and her whole body
shivering.
Seeing the marks on her friend's belly, Vivian cried too, because she felt
unutterably sad for her lover, and also because she knew she would be next.
The captain Jarlad looked at the marked belly, and raised her eyebrows.
-" Not a single move, that's great, usually I always have to add one or two
blows. Let's see if you can do the same as I cane your breasts my child." 
The fat man's breath became faster and faster.
The canning of the breasts would be extremely painful and he knew it.
Vivian, as the fact that her lover would actually have her lovely round breasts
canned, uttered a soft " Oh no, not her breasts..." And received a blow in the
back from the guard situated behind her.
Sally clenched her fists so much that her knuckles were completely white.
She also clenched her teeth not to shout when she is canned.
But when the cane hit her chest, her will collapsed literally in front of such a
pain and she howled and held her agonizing breasts, her face deformed by the
extreme pain.
The captain had stricken her as hard she had done on her belly, and Sally
clearly thought that she would hit her breasts in a softer way.
She cried continuously, shaking on the bed.
-" No... No...Not that hard... You can't hit my breasts that hard... No..."
The captain Jarlad frowned to the fat man who smiled out his extreme pleasure,
manically touching his genitals, and then she said.
-" Please stay still, I will not add a blow this time because you didn't know it
would hurt that much ok ? But the next time you move you'll get an extra one. "
The fat man said :
-" What, but it's the rule, she deserves it."
The captain said "shut up " to him one more time and waited a few seconds before
Sally was back in the position to be canned anew.
And thus she was canned a second, a third and a fourth time, on her breasts and
hard enough to let on the soft skin a mark that clearly wouldn't go away soon.
And during these three blows, she didn't move, she just clenched her fists until
her short nails made her palms bleed and shouted her pain, crying, shaking,
sweating, until the fourth blow achieved to annihilate her resistance and she
fainted shortly, to be roused by the next blow and then, instinctively, she put
her hands in front of her breasts, dizzy with pain, unable even to speak to say
no, and had her hands canned before the captain declared : "This time you'll get
an extra one".
So she received two more blows and, when it stopped, she bent her head to see
her chest, saw the six marks on her fragile skin and said : " It's disgusting...
It's disgusting to do that to someone."
Her nice, apple shaped breasts were aching so much that she felt like she was
going to throw up soon.
Her areoles had been hit hard a few times, and the two of them had bled a little
bit.
-" You've made my breasts... Bleed..." 
She moaned sadly and took her throbbing breasts in her hands, carefully.
The scene was so sad that, despite the warning of the guard, Vivian came to her
and took her in her arms for a quick cuddle that was allowed by the captain who
held back the guard for a few seconds before she let him strike Vivian on the
back.
The captain Jarlad, watched Sally cry and be in pain with and expression
displaying indecently the mute satisfaction of a well done job.
And just after she made a sign to the guard so that he hit her lover in the
back, she said :
-" Well it's your time now Vivian."
And, of course when it dawned on her that she would make her  breasts bleed as
she had done with Sally, she started to yell and look as if she would struggle
not to undergo the same punishment.
-" No !! No !! Not on my breasts !!! Why ?!! I don't..."
Then she received two quite hard strokes : one on her back and the second under
her navel, and Sally said to her, in a soft voice that exhaustion and pain had
rendered coarse.
-" Don't resist Viv. They'll do it whatever you try. Don't resist, you'll only
get more blows."
Terrified, Vivian went on the bed, laid flat on her back and was asked to put
the pillow behind her bottom and started to cry as she did it, in a very sad
way, because she knew it would heighten her belly and thus she wouldn't even be
able to contract her muscles.
When the cane whipped her skin for the first time, she shouted and turned her
head toward Sally to find some comfort, but her lover had sat on a chair and
still cried, holding her breasts, without looking at what happened to her, not
because she didn't care, but because it was too hard to watch when she couldn't
do anything.
Vivian bore the first four strokes bravely, clenching her fists as Sally had
done, and moaning between clenched teeth.
But after the fifth blow, it was too much for her to stay still, and she
doubled-up, curled up on the bed, whining and repeating that she would not be
able to stand it, that it was too painful.
A blow with a stick on her ribs made her try hard and succeed in receiving the
six other strokes without moving.
Then, as it was finished, she moved her head so that she could see the marks on
her abdomen and said : " Oh no" before she gave a quick look to her little round
breasts and the small pink areoles that clearly expressed the extreme frailty of
this part of her body and, sobbing, her face drenched with tears, she implored
the captain.
-" You won't do that to my breasts ?!! On the belly it's awful, but on my
breasts ?!! "
She turned her terrified stare towards Sally who was sobbing as sadly as her and
still held her tits without looking what was happening to her lover.
If the captain had done it to Sally she would do the same on Vivian's breasts.
Miss Jarlad answered.
-" I will start now. Don't move or you'll receive more blows and I wouldn't like
to see what eight or nine blows would do to your chest if I was you."
The fat man, panting and sweating added : " Yes, five is enough ! Look at your
friend !!"
The captain snapped at him.
-" Will you shut up now or you will not have your little pleasure !"
So the fat man shut up and Vivian saw the captain get ready to cane her breasts.
Her whole body tensed, she waited for the blow and repeating to herself not to
move.
But when the blow came and the pain tore her chest apart, she couldn't resist
and took her breasts in her hands, howling.
-" NNNOOOooooooooo !!!"
The captain made a sign to a guard who hit her harshly on the belly.
-" I won't add a blow on your breasts this time, but I will if you do it again.
So don't move."
The second stroke lashed her areolas and thus made a ghastly pain explode in her
breasts, but the cheer terror of being hit more than five times helped her not
to move and she just contorted herself on the bed, crying and moaning.
The third and fourth blows hit her respectively above and beneath her areolas
and she shouted desperately, moving slowly on the sheets, her body covered with
sweat.
The pain was so intense that she felt sick.
Before the last blow, she asked, in a whisper.
-" Please... I need to go to the toilets... I will throw up..."
But the captain said : "After the fifth blow if you don't mind."
This last blow hit Vivian's swelled areolas and made her howl like a wounded
animal before she rushed out of the bed and into the toilets, holding her
tortured breasts, to be noisily sick.
Sally cried sadly, repeating :" Poor Vivian... Poor little Viv..." 
She came back a few minutes afterwards, after a guard went to fetch her,
Her eyes were sunk and she was panting and shivering, rubbing her breasts with a
terrified look.
She was told to go and sit near her friend, which she does.
The captain then started to talk anew.
-" All right, now that the first part of your punishment is over and your little
bodies are all criss-crossed with marks, I might as well tell you the meaning of
this sanction."
The two girls listened silently, abashed by the extreme pain they both had
undergone, unable to comment on the terrible things they had to learn.
-" As you can imagine, I've not made your poor tits bleed to sanction your
overdrafts.
He highest  Authorities of Boston have voted secretly a new policy against
homosexuality three days ago. It has been decided that punishment given to
lesbians particularly would all be increased until at least one sensible part of
the body and the genitals would be hurt.
Technically, all lesbians who would receive a corporal punishment in the weeks
to come will become General Civil Criminals and get either their bellies, tits
or pussies tortured.
Is that clear ?
Of course it's unfair because you didn't now that, but, yet, would you have put
an end to your relations if you had known ?"
Sally, as she listened to the captain's speech and heard her lover sob at her
side, passed her arm around her shoulders and kissed her, tenderly but sadly on
the neck.
A guard came to hit her, but the captain held him back.
-" Ok girls, I grant you to have ten minutes rest together now, before the
second part. If you want to be alone, you can go in the bathroom."
Sally stood up, grimacing and helped Vivian do the same.
Before they left the main room, the youngest girl asked :
-" What is the second part. "
And Sally answered for the captain.
-" It's when she tortures our pussies..."
 
	In the bathroom, the two girls sat on the rim of the bath-tube, hugging each
other with many precautions so that not to touch each other's most painful
marks, especially on their breasts.
They tried to calm the pain with pouring lukewarm water on their chest and
bellies, but nothing was able to prevent either their stomach or their tits from
aching ghastly.
They scarcely talked during this pause.
What they had been through had left them speechless.
Only Sally sometimes said " of my poor Viv", when her eyes met the deep mark
that had made her friend's areolas bleed.
Before the end of the pause, still sobbing in Sally's arms, Vivian asked her
friend what she thought about the tortures that were still to come.
Sally wanted to reassure her lover, but she couldn't, for she knew it would be
useless or, worse, that it would make the ordeal even more awful for her fiend.
So, she said what she really thought that would happen.
-" I don't know. I just hope it will not be too long...
But I'm afraid that it would be designed to dissuade us from having sexual
intercourse.
-What do you mean ? She will hurt our clitorises, will she ?
-Yes, and maybe our vaginas too, I don't know. I've just heard that they could
do things that had after effects which could ruin someone's sexual life...
- The only thing we can do now is to behave so that they won't have any occasion
to make it worse.
-But... But they will torture our vaginas nonetheless !!
- I hope not... And if they do we might just hope that they will not ruin our
bodies completely. That's all we can do. Anything else would mean receiving more
blows from the guards and yet be tortured. "
Saying that, she gave a quick glance to her bruised and lashed belly.
-" And I don't want to be beaten on the belly again... The last time, the guard
has hit me so hard that I don't know how I could refrain from being sick."

	So they came back in the bedroom, with their naked bodies covered with so many
marks on the whole surface of their bodies that it was clear that their skins
wouldn't look the same before a long time, if ever.
The captain pointed Sally.
-" We should finish with it quickly, shouldn't we? You don't want to spend the
whole night suffering, do you? So, go on the bed, on your back and with your
legs widely spread. To begin with I may cane your labia ten times.
So I'll ask you to fold your legs and hold them folded and spread so that your
sex is facing the ceiling, you understand?
You'll get in this position and stay like that until I've hit you ten times.
If you move, I'll add another strike for each time I couldn't aim properly on
your clitoris, OK? "
Sally nodded, went on the bed and, silently and unintentionally started to cry.
She took hold of her folded thighs, spread her legs and was hit rapidly.
Every single lash was aimed at her clitoris, as the captain had said, and only a
few missed the sensible organ to hit her lips.
She could bear to receive six of them without shifting position, but after, she
just collapsed on the bed, her hands between her thighs, holding her mauled
pussy and moaning.
She pleaded to have a few seconds to get back her breath but a guard hit her
viciously on the back, so she presented her sex one more time and got five more
hits before she finally curled up on the bed, nearly choked by the pain that had
made her sweat so much that the sheets of the bed were wet.
She looked quickly at her fingers when she slowly left the bed and said:
-" Oh I bleed...It's my clit ! My clitoris is bleeding ..."
The captain looked at her without any compassion.
-" You'd better think you're lucky my girl. Your clitoris has only been canned,
the last lesbian I've worked on has been condemned to have it grinded by pliers
and I tell you she would have preferred to have it cut cause it would have been
les painful."
When Sally had left the bed, without being told, Vivian went on it and presented
her sex silently. She had finally accepted the fact that Sally's opinion was the
most sensible. She had to see her body beingviciously punished and any form of
resistance would prove a mistake that would be granted by more blows on her soft
belly.
The captain, with an expression of approval, got ready to cane the new sex
presented to her.
Before it started, the fat man giggled : "The little slut will love that I'm
pretty sure. Be strong with the cane so that her clit is burning with pain when
I'll play with her."
The captain snaps at him :
- I told you you souldn't talk about that before I cane their pussies!
The fat man grins.
-"Isn't it more exciting if they know I'll be fucking their swollen little
kitties?"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  La Baronne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





