BDSM Library - The Fetish Shop




The Fetish Shop
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Robin a young woman begining to put BDSM into her real life, visits a fetish shop to get some equipment and experiences more than just a shopping trip.
     The following is original fiction of BlueKnight, all rights reserved,
duplication only with permission of BlueKnight, it is intended ONLY for mature
readers of at least 18 years of age.

                           THE FETISH SHOP


     Well there's the shop, today's the day, Robin thought as she stood across
the street from the fetish shop. She had comfortably dressed her lithe blond
form in jeans and a sweater. She wore no bra, and often didn't, as her breasts
were not that big and entirely self supporting, besides she liked the freedom,
and guiltily, the way certain fabrics scratched against her nipples, with no bra
in the way.  She noted they were hard now, and it wasn't just from the material
of the sweater, or the chill October day.

     Robin had to go in the shop today, she loved everything about B&D and S&M,
but had just recently started turning her fantasies into reality by
incorporating it in her real life.  She had promised Sam, her new B&D minded
lover, that she would get the stuff he asked her to, and had procrastinated long
enough, she couldn't put it off any longer. Taking a deep breath, her breasts
trembling slightly under her thin sweater as she walked, Robin crossed the
street and went into the store.

     The place was large and well stocked. Everywhere Robin looked inside the
store, she saw leather, and chrome, latex, rubber, and metal fetish gear, and
implements. There seemed to be a handful of other customers in the store. As
Robin stood there a young woman approached (younger than Robin, about 19 years
old Robin would guess).

     "May I help you"?

     Robin responded as Sam had told her.

     "Yes a friend of mine wanted me to pick up some er,.........equipment".

     "Yes of course". The girl smirked at her.

      "Just a minute". The girl walked away and returned with another woman this
one older than Robin, about 30 years of age, who carried herself with the air of
being in charge.

     "Your  friends name". The older woman inquired.

     "Godfrey........ah,....Sam Godfrey". Robin replied.

     "Yes, and what can we help you with"? 

      Robin hesitated nervously,

    "Well, first, I'm interested in some nipple clamps". She said lowering her
voice.

     "What?, I didn't hear you"  the woman replied.

      Robin hated to have to say it out loud. "Nipple clamps".   She repeated a
little louder.

     "I still didn't hear you".

     "I'm interested in nipple clamps" Robin said raising her voice. Two
customers turned to look, having heard her. Robin blushed. 

     "I see and are these to be used on  someone else or used on you."

       "Er.......on me" Robin said quietly, feeling her face begin to blush,
very conscious of the other customers in the store.

     "I'm sorry mam, you'll really have to speak up or we'll be unable to help
you."

     "There to be used on me" Robin said, giving up any pretense of being quiet.
Robin heard  the same two customers  chuckling  to themselves. Robin completely 
blushed now, and the store manager smiled.

     "This way mam." Robin was glad to follow her and the sales girl to one side
of the store, they stepped behind a glass counter, as Robin stood against it,
the glass top not quite reaching to her waist. Several devilish looking clamps
and devises were put on the counter in front of her.

     "We have many styles and types" said the woman Robin took to be the
manager.

     "If madam will just lift her sweater."

     "What,....what for"?  Robin inquired.

     "Well to try them on, I believe your not wearing a bra", the woman said,
glancing at Robins chest, and the two perky nubs topping her breasts clearly
visible beneath her sweater,

    "So it should be fairly simple."

     "Oh, no........that's ok,..........I don't have to try them on".

     "I'm afraid you do.......... there are  several styles, strengths, and
types, you must have ones that are  right for you."

     Robin noticed the teen sales girl continuing to smirk at her.

     "Well..........don't you have a dressing room?"

     "Really mam, I'm not going to pull this whole counter to a fitting
room,.... your using our time............if your not going to be
cooperative...... you can shop someplace else.......of course we are the only
fetish shop in town".

     Robin knew she was stuck, she couldn't disappoint Sam. Biting her bottom
lip, trying not to look at the smirking sales girl,  Robin slowly pulled her
sweater up over her breasts.  She immediately felt the cool air, from the door
of the store on her exposed skin, she felt so vulnerable, so exposed in this
public place in broad day light.  She knew anyone could see her if they came
near, she tried not to look around to see if anyone was watching.

     "You have very lovely breasts, your very lucky". The saleswoman said,
having let Robin stand there a few seconds.  I see your nipples are already
hard, but use your fingers to make them their hardest please."

     "What....?" Robin, looked shocked.

     "Now look, I'm getting tired of repeating myself, you can either cooperate,
and do as your told, or shop elsewhere,........Now gets those fingers working on
those pretty breasts, pulling, and tweaking those hard nipples, to their most
erect for me, or I'm going to stand here and watch, while your required to crane
your neck down, and tongue them to their hardest in your own mouth, if wish
ever, to buy anything here".

     Robin couldn't believe what she was hearing, but the womans voice brook
with no disagreement. As if a dream she felt her slim fingers, gliding over her
skin to begin pulling and  tweaking at her hard nipples, while her sweater
stayed bunched up under her arms. Robin tried not to think of the other people
in the store seeing her.  The 2 women continued laying things out on the
counter.  Robin wished they would hurry up as she stood there teasing her
tingling nipples, as every flick to the hardened buds  was sending a stab of
sexual arousal down between her legs where her thong panty under her jeans was
getting quite wet. Robin had always had very sensitive nipples and had even come
a couple of times from just nipple play. By the time they were finished, Robin
was visably trembling quite for another reason than the cool air on her bare
skin, and was biting her lip to keep from moaning. A tear in the corner of her
eye, matched a drop of wetness  from her pussy trickling down her inner thigh
beneath her jeans..

     "Ok dear, I don't think you can get them more erect that." The store woman
mocked. Robin guessed that it was true, looking down at her buzzing nipples, she
saw they were standing out  3/4" from their pale areolas, quite a distance
considering her slender frame, and smallish breasts.

     Robin looked down at the silvery metal clips as the saleswoman moved them
toward her breasts. The metal was cool on the erectile tissue. The clamps were
not tight but the way they squeezed her sensitized nipples sent such a jolt of
sexual arousal down between her thighs Robin closed her eyes rolling them back
in her head pressing her lips together to keep from moaning.

     "Hmmm, I don't think these are tight enough" said the woman, to her teen
helper.

     "Lets try these." She held up a pair of alligator type clamps with serrated
edges before Robins eyes. A little whimper escaped Robins throat, when the first
clamps were taken off, her eyes darting from side to side nervously to see if
anyone heard.  When the first alligator bit into the flesh of her sensitive
nipple Robin gasped. It pinched so, but it too, sent a stab of pleasure sailing
down between her legs, as did it's mate. Robin gasped loudly at the sensations,
gripping the counter. Much to her panic she saw a couple of customers  some
distance away watching and pointing at to her. Looking back straight ahead she
pressed herself  hard against the counter hoping to minimize any view. The
alligator clips were off. New ones were put on and Robins body jerked, 
trembled, and a cry escaped her throat.  

     "Now this is more like it" the older woman was saying to the younger.

     "See how her eyes are  tearing and she keeps shuffling her feet because she
can't keep still, because her nipples are hurting so much?" It was true these
clamps hurt so atrociously, and smarted so much Robin couldn't keep still. What
was more with the multiplication of pain came a multiplication of the jolts of
sexual arousal shooting down between her thighs.

     "Give me the chain leech." The older woman said to the younger. The clamps 
were attached to each other by a slight gold chain that ran between them. To
this the woman  attached another long delicate chain, the other end of which
ended in a leather loop held in her hand. When she pulled on it, she actually
pulled Robin forward by  her nipples! Robin found herself actually leaning over
the counter standing on the balls of her feet, till she couldn't be pulled any
farther. The clamps were too tight to be pulled off, and as the pain in her
nipples intensified from the tension of the pulled chain, so did the intensity
of  the sexual pleasure between her legs She was either going to scream or come!
She heard herself moaning, and felt her body trembling.  Just then the woman let
go, and Robin could stand back up straight, actually panting her naked breasts
rising and falling with her breathing. When the clamps were removed and the
blood flowed back into her nipples, Robin screwed her eyes shut and actually
groaned,  stomping her feet against the floor, the pain and sensation were so
intense. When she opened her eyes, to her horror Robin saw the 2 customers she
had spied earlier standing there, just a few feet away, grinning, watching her.
Robin blushed crimson.

     "Ok", the older woman said to the younger. "I think you can wrap those last
up, and the chain leech".

     "My dear, you can put your sweater down, we're quite finished with your
breasts, unless you like it that way". The saleswoman smirked for the benefit of
the 2 customers. Robin fumbling in embarrassment pulled her sweater down, over
her throbbing, tingling hard nipples.

     "Is there something else your interested in?" 

     "Yes, restraints." Robin was able to breath, now trying to ignore the
scratchy material of her sweater on her throbbing nipples.

     "Of course, follow me." Robin was glad to get away from the counter, the
evil little clamps,  and the 2 watching customers. On the other side of the
store, the sales girl brought out ankle and wrist cuffs. They were put on her,
Robin having to step out of her shoes and stand barefoot for the ankle cuffs.
Then came a black leather collar locked around her neck. The 2 women stepped
back to admire the effect.

     "Oh, my yes,......... the black contrasts very erotically with her skin."
To her dismay Robin found that her "audience" of  2 customers had returned , now
joined by a third.

     "What else dear?" the manager asked. Robin knew.

     " A crop." She had to answer.

     "And is this to be used on you?" the sales woman smirked.

     Robins eyes darted over to the people watching.

     "Yes" she answered,  her face blushing again.

     "On what part of your body, and please speak up."

     "On my.........ass" Robin, heard someone giggle, and her blush went crimson
again, her ears and face burning.

     "This way please." Robin didn't lift her eyes from the floor as she was led
to another display counter, now 4 people trailing behind.

     "Please step behind the counter, take off your jeans and lean against it",
the woman said matter of factly when their group of 7 arrived in front of
another display counter full of whips, paddles, and crops.

     "But?...........but....?" Robin stammered.

     "Come now, we need to try some crops out on your ass, we need to make sure
you get one of the right weight, stiffness, and material." 

     "Of course if you'd rather, take your jeans off, and lean over the counter
on this side,....". She indicated the side the little crowd was on. Robin
quickly stepped behind the counter, which would give her at least some cover. 
With shaking hands and lowered eyes Robin undid her jeans, and once she got them
past the sharp points of her hips,  they easily fell down her long tanned legs
to puddle around her ankles. The teen girl had Robin step out of them, and lean
over with her elbows on the counter facing out into the store. In this position
she now faced her 'audience', nude from the waist down except for a black
g-string panty. They would be able to view her face, her neck encircled by the
tight black collar, as she was hit, and take in a blurry view of her just about
naked lower half through the glass case. Robin could not believe this was
happening. The air in the store was cool and damp, people were wearing jackets
for Petes sake!  Yet, here she stood bare foot and half naked about to be
spanked. Robin felt cold and hot at the same time, she trembled,  imagining the
goose bumps rising on her bare ass and smooth thighs. 

     "My you do have a tight and pert ass." The sales woman said from behind
her, running her hand over Robins taut, cringing backside.  Robin kept her eyes
on the glass she leaned on. She heard the swoosh!, of a crop moving through the
air.

     "Ha........" Robin gasped at the white hot line of pain that blazed across
her buttocks. conscious of everyone's eyes on her, watching as she struggled
with her pain.

     "Lets try this one......." Another swoosh......and then a loud splat.

     "Ohhhhh......." Robin screwed her eyes shut,  her body trembling from the
smart, her bare ass jiggling, face contorting for the audience.

     "And, what about this one....."

     "Whooosh...........crack!"

     "Owwww........God!!!" Robin howled, her voice echoing in the store.  If
there was anyone elsewhere in the store who hadn't already noticed  her, they
would  now. Robin lurched against the counter, her bare knees banging against
the glass,  almost buckling.   Her blue eyes blinded by  tears she lowered her
head to the counter top, grimacing, to wait for the horrible pain to subside.

     "Lets see what else"............ the store woman, had reached into the
pocket of Robins discarded jeans, while Robin, lay panting, recovering across
the counter, and had retrieved Robin's fetish shop list.

     "Ah, yes a gag, this way.....".  Robin did not bother to resist as she was
pulled out from behind the counter and across the store barefoot, and bare from
the waist down except for a little g-string, 3 lurid welts blazing on her toned
ass.

     Arriving at another part of the store, the sales girl pulled Robins wrists
behind her and fastened the cuffs on her wrists together behind her back.
Looking around Robin saw that it was true, everyone in the store had now
gathered around her, 8 people, plus the sales manager, and sales girl.

     " Yes I think this one." A ball type gag was shoved, without warning, into
Robins mouth, as she stood there in her little sweater and g-string, and buckled
tightly behind her head.

     "Now this is a most effective gag." The woman said, playing  to the little
crowd rather than to Robin. Robin realized, she had now become a demonstration.

     "See how it distends her jaw". The woman indicated Robins bulging face, and
it really aches too". Robin would've verified this if  she were able to.

     "Very effective for silencing a slave, and quite uncomfortable too. Now,
you'll notice the hole in the center of the gag." It was true the gag was like a
rubber ring with a hole in the middle.

     "This allows you not only to silence your slave but to put what you would
like in her or his mouth. This particular model comes with this handy
attachment."

     Oh, no, it couldn't be, she wouldn't, thought Robin. The woman was holding
a rubber dildo the size of a real erect penis.

     "This is also a good way to teach a slave to deep throat," the woman went
on. The woman had grabbed Robins hair and was tilting her head up. She was
inserting the rubber phallus through the hole in Robins gag.

     "Come on dear"she coaxed.

     "Show everyone you already know how to deep throat." Robin, couldn't close
her jaws. The rubber cock was already bumping against the back of her throat
making her cough.

     "Come on dear,  show us what a hot girl like you does,  when you have a 
cock in your mouth." Robin tried to struggle, but the woman had a iron grip on
her hair, insistently shoving the dildo. There was nothing else Robin could do,
she did exactly what the woman said, making believe it was a real cock,  forcing
herself to swallow it down her throat. When the dildo went all the way down  the
woman snapped it in place.

     "Good, girrrrl............." The woman complemented, slapping Robins bare
ass to a light round of applause. Robin could only gurgle. She was so
humiliated, tears filled her eyes, her throat burned from the scrapping of the
dildo, and she had to keep her head high to accommodate it down her throat,  but
she was also,... so turned on. She didn't know if it was the exposure, the
audience, her helplessness, or what, but her pussy was soaking wet under the
little g-string, and even with her head tilted back she could see her tingling
nipples sticking straight up under her little sweater, like they were about to
blast off. She was trembling, and was having a hard time holding her hips still.

     "Now, this gag piece has a hollow tube inside it much like a  real penis to
allow the passage of any fluids you want". The saleswoman went on.

     "And since it's tip is already in your slaves throat they have no choice
but to take it all down. Observe....." The woman took a cup from the giggling
teen sales girl, and undid a cap at the base of the dildo, protruding from
Robins mouth.

     "This is some of the water we were washing the floor with earlier,
certainly not something a stylish, sexy, upper scale, young lady like this,
would usually want to drink." With the sales girl holding her steady, the woman
poured the water into the base of the penis gag.

     "Swallow normally dear......". The woman said mockingly, slowly pouring the
water down her throat, and rubbing Robins silky belly  between the bottom of her
sweater, and the top of her g-string at the same time.  Again Robin had no
choice,  her eyes tearing her throat muscles worked to another round  of
applause, as all the 8 oz. of  dirty water was swallowed down to her stomach.
After that the fake cock was removed from her mouth and the hated gag removed,
embarrassingly with a pool of spit sliding down Robins chin and neck. Robin was
allowed to walk back across the store to retrieve her jeans, conscious of
everyone's eyes on her.. She had to ask the sales girl to undo the bonds on her
wrists and ankles.

     "Most slaves, say........ please mistress." The teen responded haughtily.

     "Please mistress" Robin repeated blushing hotly.

     "Kneel". The girl said, hands on her hips. Robin was in no shape to resist, 
but knelt, feeling the dusty tile of the floor beneath her knees, and bare legs.
The girl removed the collar, and restraints.

     "Say thank you mistress, and kiss my foot". The girl demanded. Somehow it
only seemed appropriate Robin should do so.

     "Thank you mistress, Robin said, then bent  low, thrusting her bare ass in
the air, her lips lingering on the girls expensive tennis shoe. Robin heard
another round of applause.

     When Robin was dressed again she was still not allowed to leave, she had to
pay for her purchases $265.00 on her credit card. With bags in hand,  the
manager stopped her at the door.

     "Thank you for shopping with us" she said stepping in close to Robin her
palm sliding down Robins flat belly, and right into Robins jeans and beneath her
g-string.

     "Ahhh........" Robin moaned falling forward her chin bumping the womans
shoulder, as the woman inserted 2 fingers in Robins hot wet cunt. After pumping
her fingers a few times, while Robin moaned, the woman slid her hand out drawing
a trail of Robins wetness up along Robins belly, rucking up her sweater to do
so, playing it around her navel, before quickly smearing her wet fingers across
Robins mouth.

     "Please be back soon". The woman smiled, giving Robin a hard slap on her
jean covered buttocks, and so Robin left the store, her ass tingling, her sex
churning, her own pussy juice dripping from her lips.


Copyright (c) 2001.............BlueKnight                           




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Blueknight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





