BDSM Library - Caught and Nailed




Caught and Nailed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A married man and his lover are caught having an affair and are severely punished by his rich wife and her 3 henchmen.
Caught and Nailed
Leones [billflyons@webtv.net]

Roger Claybourne could still feel the tingling in his loins as he drove his
silver Mercedes along the Santa Monica freeway. It had been nearly four hours
since his usual three times a week love tryst with Lisa, stopping off for a
couple of hours at the office before heading on home. The affair had been going
on for around six months now and he was thinking what a lucky guy he was. Lisa
was an aspiring actress, young, blonde and beautiful. Having had been blessed
with all of the right equipment, in all of the right places, had recently landed
her a role in an episode of Baywatch. He thought how  exceptionally hot she
looked today, wearing a thin, summery, orange colored mini dress with white
heels, no bra and just a wisp of a white, thong panty.

He was smiling to himself, thinking about how he was putting one over on fat,
old Mrs. Claybourne. He was certainly leading the good life, spending the hell
out of Meg's money and fucking the hell out of the lovely Lisa.  It really
couldn't get much better than this, even if he did have to roll in the hay with
the old hag once a month or so. He could live with that.

Roger pulled the Mercedes up to the large, heavy wooden gate at the entrance to
the Malibu estate. Rolling down his window, he punched a code into the key pad
and the double sided gate swung slowly away. The isolated, two story mansion was
located to the rear or the ten acre property. As accustomed he drove to the main
entrance, not bothering to use the garage, one of the help usually put the cars
away for the evening if they were not to be used again.

Normally he was met at the front door by the maid or cook or chauffer, usually
someone was milling around.

"Beth".........."James"........"Anybody around?"

Suddenly Meg's voice rang out over the intercom.

"Is that you, Roger dear?" "I'm in the master bedroom, come on up."

Roger mumbled to himself as he climbed the stairwell.

"God, I hope the bitty's not looking to get laid."

Roger entered the bedroom and received the shock of his life. He couldn't speak,
he could only stare in disbelief. Lisa was on the giant four-poster bed, laying
on her back. each of her wrists were held wide. handcuffed to opposite posters.
He recognised the white panty in her mouth, held fast by a black scarf. She
still wore they orange dress, it covered her legs down to just above her knees
but the top had been pulled down to her waist, fully exposing her breasts, the
milky white globes marred with angry tinges of red, her eyes, teary and puffy,
smeared with mascara.




Caught and Nailed-2
Leones [billflyons@webtv.net]


Meg's voice brought Roger out of his trance like state.

"What's the matter Rog baby, cat got your tongue?"

He had seen them but only now was he fully conscious of the three men standing
at the side of the bed, all wearing nothing but jockey shorts. Meg was dressed
in a white blouse, black skirt and was barefoot.

Roger raised his voice, attempting to disguise his panic.

"What the fucks going"..................................

 Meg would have none of this.

" Keep your mouth shut Loverboy and you just might manage to keep your manhood
intact" "Now strip down to your birthday suit and be quick about it."

Roger started to protest but quickly changed his mind when one of the men picked
up a pistol, equipped with a silencer, from a nearby desk.

His wife assured him that they meant business.

"Not that we would need a silencer, isolated as we are way out here but better
safe than sorry." "By the way, the nice blackman, holding the pistol is Reggie,
the other two gentlemen are Martin and Lenny" ""They are here to ensure that you
follow instructions and to do exactly as your told."

She giggled.

"Among other things I might add."

By this time, Roger was uncomfortably naked in front of his lover, wife and
three strange men. He hadn't even noticed the whip that Meg held until she
pushed it right in front of his face. It consisted of a short, black leather
handle attached to a flexible rod about three feet long.

"Don't be shy Loverboy, take hold of the whip."

Hesitantly, Roger wrapped his palm around the whip's handle.

Meg chided her husband.

"You look very authoritative, Roger darling, maybe we were missing something
from our love life...........what there was of it, anyway." "Now Roger, with the
help of the three nice men, we're going to turn Goldylocks over and your going
to whip your little harlot's ass until it's raw and bleeding."

Lisa's metal bracelets rattled against the steadfast bed posts as she struggled.
her emerald green eyes, wide and filled with terror.




Caught and Nailed-3
Leones [billflyons@webtv.net]

Roger shook his head in defiance.

"No, you can't make me do that."

Meg spoke as the trio of men just smiled.

"You don't think so, my darling husband?" "Well, that's exactly what your little
playmate said when I asked her to fuck the boys brains out."

Meg nodded to Lenny, who then pushed Lisa's skirt up until it bunched around her
waist. Roger's mouth dropped, he almost gasped. Where only hours ago, a thatch
of curly, natural blonde hair grew, now was barren, displaying Lisa's cuntal
lips like an open wound, swollen and perforated, glistening with a pearly
essence. Meg gave Martin the nod this time and he picked up a metal tray from
the desk. Roger could see a plastic bottle labelled antiseptic, a box of cotton
balls, several metal instruments, of which included clamps and a scalpel.

"You see Roger, our little adulteress here decided to give the boys a real good
time rather than lose her love bud." "Isn't that right boys?"

Reggie stepped right up.

"She was tight as a fist, the best fuck I've ever had from a white girl."

Lisa closed her eyes and turned her head away as the blackman continued his
humiliating scenario.

"She was still rutting and moving her ass the second time around, even after
draining Lenny and Martin of their load."

Meg looked at her deflated husband.

"Well, how do you feel Romeo, can't you just imagine in your mind, your little
starlet rolling around in the sheets milking these guys dry?" "You can whip her
ass as sort of a punishment." "If you decide not to, believe me, you will leave
here with a voice an octave or two higher than it is now."

Lisa fought like a tigress as Lenny and Martin attempted to turn her over for
the whipping. Martin held her wrists, each still in handcuffs but not attached
to the bedposts, Lenny had her ankles as they swayed the naked blonde between
them, some two or three feet above the floor. Lisa bucked hysterically, heaving
her mid-section, rearing it high into the air in a valiant effort to break free.
In unison, they flipped her over and towards the bed. She landed flat on her
stomach and each one quickly reattached her wrists to the opposite bed posts.




Caught and Nailed-4
Leones [billflyons@webtv.net]


Lisa wasn't through yet, she brought her knees up for better leverage, still
trying to break free. That was her undoing, Martin quickly pushed her legs all
the way under her until her knees were touching against her breasts, then he
crossed her ankles and held them while Lenny tied them with a thin cord. Martin
then placed a rope with a slip noose around her neck, then ran it under her body
and tied it to her ankles, so that if she attempted to straighten her body, she
would strangle herself. They indeed, had the beautiful blonde wrapped up in a
nice little package of feminine flesh. All of her secret and private charms,
normally hidden between her legs were now presented in all of their splendor,
her glorious pussy lips, now ragged and sticky.

Roger shuffled to the side of the bed, looked down at his trussed up lover, then
to his wife. Meg smiled and nodded. Suddenly Roger brought the whip down, his
lover, the adulteress felt her first sting of the whip, she grunted into her
gag. A light red line appeared high up on her buttocks, separated only by the
crevice between the twin moons. The whip fell again, Roger was no expert, two
red welts now criss-crossed Lisa's bare buttocks as she now emitted a muffled
scream.

Meg instructed him to work his way down her posterior and he did. By the time he
had finished, Lisa's once exquisite ass was raw and bleeding, sliced from top to
bottom with cuts already turning a purplish black color. The young blonde's sobs
continued to shake the bed long after Roger had laid the whip down.

Roger put up no resistance as Martin and Lenny preceded to cord his wrists
behind his back and then gag him with a large, red ballgag. Meg blew him a kiss
as the three men led her bewildered husband from the bedroom.

Meg allowed the bedraggled blonde a short respite, then removed the rope from
her neck and ankles. Lisa groaned in relief as she stretched her body out to
full length. Meg stooped down and whispered softly to the young adulteress.

"Listen up good, you've been caught fucking my husband and now I'm going to nail
your ass to the wall, do you understand me?"

Lisa weakly nodded her head.

"I'm not through with you yet, not by a long shot, but if you do as your told
and mind your manners, you may get out of this alive."

The frightened blonde nodded her understanding without being asked.

Meg spoke as she removed the gag and released Lisa's right wrist from the
handcuff.

"You will address me as Ms. Claybourne at all times, you will only speak when
given permission to and you will never disobey an order."




Caught and Nailed-5
Leones [billflyons@webtv.net]


Lisa's left wrist was still handcuffed to the bedpost, her orange dress was
tangled around her waist, the twin spheres of her buttocks were lacerated and
bleeding, her shaved pussy was coated and filled with the sperm of three strange
men and she was mentally defeated.

"Yes, Ms. Claybourne, I understand."

A sardonic and devious smile crossed the face of her lover's wife.

"Get nude, buck naked."

The beautiful young blonde used her free right hand to scoot the cotton dress
down her stiffened and racked body, finally kicking it off with her foot.

"OK, the rest of it."

Lisa looked at her, puzzled until Meg placed a tiny dish on the edge of the bed.
Shortly thereafter, Lisa's two rings tinkled as she dropped them onto the plate,
followed then by her expensive Rolex watch. Lisa sobbed from from the demeaning
and degrading task, her gold necklace and anklet more difficult to remove with
the use of just one trembling hand, but they too, soon joined the rest of her
prized jewelry on the collection plate. Meg removed the booty, sitting the dish
on the desk.

"Good, I want you naked as a Jaybird, just the way you came out of your mama's
womb."

It was strange but Lisa did feel more naked, forced to strip herself of her
jewelry and hand it over to a woman who hated her.

"Pick up your panty, Lisa, open them up and show them to me."

The blonde picked up the balled wad of material still lying on top of the bed
and unfurled the saliva sodden, lipstick soiled thong, holding it up for Meg's
inspection.

"Pretty skimpy, Lisa, did you wear those to turn my husband on?"

Lisa hesitated her response for a moment.

"Yes Ms. Claybourne, I did."

"And did it work as you planned?"

Lisa stammered some.

"Well, I guess."

Meg raised her voice in anger.

"You guess?" "You guess?" "How many times did my husband fuck you"?

Lisa's voice was weak, filled with fear.

"It worked Ms. Claybourne, Roger fucked me three times."




Caught and Nailed-6
Leones [billflyons@webtv.net]


"Well then, that makes how many times you've been fucked today, all together?"

The beautiful blonde thought for a moment.

"I've been fucked nine times, Ms. Claybourne."

"Is that about the right number of times for a whore, Lisa"? "That's what you
are, isn't Lisa, a whore?"

"Yes Ms. Claybourne, I am a whore."

"OK, whore, now pull your sexy panty outfit over your head."

Without hesitation, Lisa placed the wrinkled material over her head, the wider,
front side of the thong covering her mouth and nose, with a wide, deploring
green eye peering out on each side. Meg pulled Lisa's right hand behind her back
and used the other handcuff to fasten her wrists together before releasing her
left wrist from the bedpost. Meg spoke as she removed some items from the
closet.

"Here's what I want you to do"........................

Meg entered the game room first, with the beautiful blonde in tow. She held a
leash which was attached to a leather collar around Lisa's neck, Lisa, sore and
bedraggled limped in wearing white pumps, the thong over her head and nothing
else. Reggie, Martin and Lenny. all still wearing jockey shorts were playing
cards while Roger stood passively against the wall, his wrists high above his
head and tied securely to an eye-bolt embedded into the wall. Instead of jockey
shorts, he wore a metal, male chastity belt, the red ballgag still held his jaws
stretched wide.

"No introduction is necessary, all of you gentlemen are quite familiar with the
charming Ms. Lisa."

She tugged a stumbling Lisa farther into the room, parading her nudity and
helplessness in front of the men's lust filled eyes. Without being prodded, Lisa
approached her trussed and muted lover, her breasts trembling as she fought back
a sob, the thong still covering a portion of her face.

"Roger, your lovely wife has made me see the error of my ways, our ways. "I am
nothing but a whore or I wouldn't have fucked another woman's husband. "I'm
wearing my panty over my face as a sign that I am an adulteress, the very one I
used to seduce you with." "Please forgive me Roger for corrupting you but being
the whore that I am, I wanted so badly to have a big cock crammed in my unworthy
cunt."




Caught and Nailed-7
Leones [billflyons@webtv.net]


Meg used the leash to guide Lisa to middle of the room, then made her kneel. The
three men each sat in a large, deep cushioned chair surrounding the conquered
blonde.

Meg stood triumphantly over the shamed beauty, holding the very same whip that
had earlier mutilated her deriere. The older woman placed the tip under Lisa's
chin and the young girl raised her shamefully bowed head like a docile slave.

"Am I correct Lisa, that you have whored yourself with all of the men that are
present?"

"Yes Ms. Claybourne, I have fucked all of them."

Meg was revelling in the power, having total and complete control over her
husband's bitch.

"Now listen up very carefully Lisa, I know that all of these fine specimens of
manhood must have rocked your boat but I want you to name the one that gave you
the very best fuck." "Pick wisely, for the one you choose will get to bed you
down tonight."

The young blonde lost it.

"No, you can't, I won't, not with my ass in this condition, it will kill me."

The wronged wife shook her head.

" This will not be tolerated, no outbursts or refusals allowed."

In short order, Lisa was on the plush carpet, held flat on her stomach, Martin
had her upper torso and Lenny held her by the ankles. The whip made a terrifying
sound as it ripped into the tender flesh at the back of Lisa's thighs, just
below the pouting overhang of her protruding buttocks. The pure shock took her
breath away, not allowing her to even scream, but scream she did when the second
stroke made contact with her seared flesh. It started out as a deafening shrill
and then was reduced to a low gurgling, animal-like sound before she could
finally speak.

"Meg, please no more, I beg of you, I want to pick out the man who fucked me
best, I want him to bed me down, I want to make him happy."

Lisa was at Meg's bare feet, on her knees, her head pressed tight against the
carpet. It appeared that the young girl had the urge to kiss Meg's feet, to pay
homage to her lover's wife, the woman who had broken her but she did not.




Caught and Nailed-8
Leones [billflyons@webtv.net]


The older woman reached down and removed the thong from Lisa's head.

"I'll remove your scarlet letter, so to speak, only for the time being but you
must continue to bare the cross for you will forever be a whore and adulteress
and innocent people must be forwarned of your treachery."

"Thank You, Ms. Claybourne."

With a signal from Meg, Lenny unlocked Lisa's handcuffs and then fastened her
wrists again, only this time with her hands in front. Once again Lisa was
kneeling, surrounded by the nearly naked men.

"Let's see now, where were we?" Meg blurted out. "Oh yes, now I remember, you
Lisa are about to select the man who porked you the best and then honor him with
a return engagement." "Just to keep things on the up and up, feel free to
include Roger as a contestant."

This really threw Lisa for a loop, she glanced quickly at Roger, then just as
quickly turned away, as if embarrassed. Was this a trick? Was Meg playing with
her head? What would happen if she chose Roger? Her head was spinning, her mind
reeling. Then she heard Meg's voice.

"Make up your mind Lisa, we're all waiting with baited breathe."

Roger mumbled into his ballgag when Lisa finally announced the winner.

"Reggie fucked me best."

The big blackman broke into a proud smile.

Meg prodded the young blonde with a bare foot to her ribs.

"Go on whore, crawl over and start giving Reggie boy some of your sugar."

When the young blonde approached, Reggie stood up and she took the cue, sliding
his red. designer jockeys over his hips and down his legs. He looked down at the
kneeling white girl, his semi-flaccid cock just inches from her desolate face.
He had had white girls in this position before but none as spectacular as this
Baywatch beauty. Upon his command, she turned her face upwards until her now,
dull green eyes looked into the cold dark eyes of her captor.

"Not only are you going to suck my cock Lisa, you are going to treat it with
reverence, like something that is sacred, you will adore it with all of your
heart." "Do you think you can do that, Lisa?"

Still looking into his cruel eyes, Lisa responded.

"Yes Reggie, I can do that because it's true."

The blackman smiled, the nifty little blonde had truly been conquered.




Caught and Nailed-9


Reggie sat in the comfort of his over stuffed chair, his ass positioned right on
the edge in order to give the white girl kneeling between his legs clear and
easy access to his manhood.

The eyes of Meg, Lenny, Martin and even the trussed up Roger were all riveted on
the gorgeous young blonde as she performed a highly erotic, almost ritualistic
act of fellatio on the blackman's now blood-gorged penis.

Lisa tenderly caressed his throbbing member with both hands, looking with
reverence at it's length and girth. Reggie whispered to her.

"You like what you see, white girl?"

Lisa paused for a moment, choosing her words carefully.

"I've never felt a cock this hard before Reggie, it's beautiful."

With those words, Lisa pulled the blue-veined organ closer, Reggie smiling as
she rubbed it adoringly over her entire face. She kissed her way along it's
underside, working her way slowly to his sacs, then took the twin packs into the
warmth of her mouth until her cheeks were puffed and bloated. The blackman
pressed a giant hand to the back of her blonde head as he felt her start to pull
away. Lisa hummed in protest, sending waves of exhilarating vibrations through
his testicles as she felt them expand and grow inside her mouth. When Reggie
finally released her, Lisa gasped for air and threw her head back in panic, the
big black giving her but a moments respite.

"Ok white gal, you know what to do."

Reggie moaned with pleasure when Lisa's soft, thick lips slipped over the
engorged crown of his cock.

"Strangle yourself if that's what it takes but you had better make my prick
disappear."

It wasn't pretty, Lisa emitted low guttural sounds, her face strained and red as
she deep-throated Reggie's full complement with long even plunges. Meg loved it,
her husband's slut willing to sacrifice her dignity to protect her tender flesh
from the kiss of the whip. She thought of the interesting possibilities that lay
ahead.




Caught and Nailed-10


Reggie's breathing suddenly became ragged and hoarse, his pelvis quaking with
involuntary convulsions, then he stiffened, moaned in ecstasy and his juices
flooded the young blonde's throat. With Reggie's hand still pressed to the back
of her head, the spectators could see the quivering muscles in Lisa's neck
constricting violently as she was forced to swallow spurt after spurt of the
blackman's spunk until he finally stood up, disengaging his spent member from
Lisa's glistening lips.

He approached Meg, leaving Lisa on the floor, coughing and sputtering, pearly
strings of sperm and mucus dribbling from her gaping mouth. He winked at the
older woman and then kind of leaned over and whispered to her.

"She didn't choose Roger because she knows he can't get her out of here and she
did choose me because she thinks a black boy is going to be a push over for a
young hot blonde and just maybe help her to get out of here."

Lisa stood meekly, her face smeared with a mixture of tears, mascara and come
while Meg leashed and collared her, handcuffing her wrists behind her back and
slipping the thong panty back over her head.

"Do you remember why your wearing your own panty over your head, Lisa?"

"Yes Ms. Claybourne, it is a symbol that I am a whore and an adulteress and that
wives should keep their husbands away from me."

Meg smiled and handed the leash to Reggie.

"Here you go big man, you've got yourself a bed partner, take her to the bedroom
that we worked on, you know the one I mean."

Reggie reached down and picked up Lisa's discarded white pumps, looking a little
bit sheepish as he did.

"Well, I think she looks sexy in these."

Meg laughed out loud.

"Hell, I don't have a problem with that."

Naked, cuffed, collared and leashed, the beautiful blonde captive was led away
by her black captor.




Caught and Nailed-11


Reggie allowed Lisa to shower, supplied her with sundries and toiletries so that
she could brush her teeth, comb her hair and make herself up. As the two of them
lay in bed together atop the covers, they very much appeared like any other
loving couple except for the padded leather cuff around Lisa's right ankle, it
was secured by a tiny padlock and had a chain running from the cuff to somewhere
on the floor beside the bed. Lisa wore white pumps and nothing else. A nude
Reggie was on his back, while Lisa, positioned on her side, rested her head on
his massive chest, the slack in her ankle chain allowing her to drape her
shapely right leg lovingly across both of his. As Lisa spoke, she seductively
fondled and stroked Reggie's semi-flaccid penis.

"I wore the white pumps just for you Reggie, I heard you say that I looked sexy
in them."

The blackman remained silent while the young blonde continued speaking.

"I know what you mean, they make my calves look great, don't they?"

"Yeah, I guess so."

Reggie was not responding the way Lisa had hoped for, so she quickly changed
tactics.

"You have the most wonderful cock that I've ever seen or felt Reggie, just the
perfect size to really satisfy a woman, becomes as hard as steel and what's even
better is that you know exactly how to use it." "I just wish that I could only
be with you Reggie, you know what I mean?, not be shared with those other
creeps." "Maybe if we left here together Reggie, have you ever thought about
having an attractive blonde on your arm and available to you at all times?"
"Think about it Reggie, available for anything you want, didn't I knock you out
with my blow job?" "To your friends Reggie, I could be your blonde trophy and in
the bedroom, I could be your whore."

The blackman remained silent.

"Talk to me Reggie, please say something."

He reached his hand back to a small control panel mounted onto the wall next to
the bed.

"Do you proposition and try to seduce all of the men who rape you Lisa?" "You
must think I just fell off a turnip truck."

The sudden, loud whirring noise and clanking of chains was frightening, Lisa
clamped her hands over her ears and screamed.

"God, what's happening Reggie, what the fuck did you do?"




Caught and Nailed-12


It was as if the room was haunted, that poltergeist were rampaging. Lisa looked
on in disbelief, watching a metal eye-bolt, with a chain attached, slid
magically up the wall inside a narrow metal track of sorts, then across the high
bay ceiling until it was directly above her. She screamed out in surprise and
alarm when her secured right ankle was suddenly hoisted into the air until she
hung ignominiously upside down by one leg, well above the bed.

Lisa swayed back and forth, her blonde mane whipping wildly around her head as
she tried desperately to reach her trapped ankle. The blackman smiled, watching
her futile attempts. Finally tired and exhausted, the young blonde's naked body
slowly rotated, her free left leg bent at the knee and spread, exposing her
shaven and slightly parted vagina, both arms hanging limp and lifeless.

"Please Reggie, let me down, my leg is killing me."

Reggie grabbed hold of her free ankle, stopping her motion.

"I'm beginning to wonder if you picked ole' Reggie boy because you thought you
could make a fool out of him."

"No Reggie, I want you to fuck me, please fuck me now, I'm hurting bad, let me
down and I'll fuck you good, really I will."

"You'd better move that white ass of yours like you mean it."

"I promise I will, let me down and I'll shake my tail for you like the whore
that I am, please."

Reggie placed a large leather bolster across the bed before lowering Lisa and
releasing her cuffed ankle.

"Alright whore, face down, belly on the leather cushion, that's right, now
spreadeagle yourself."

The blackman could feel the stirring within his loins at the sight of the
beautiful blonde slavishly spreading her limbs in abject surrender, her
lacerated twin buttocks vulgarly displayed and thrust upward by the bolster
beneath her belly. His penis, now hard and swollen, lumbered and swayed as he
went to each of the four posters, securing her wrists and ankles with thin cord.
Lisa gasped out loud at the first touch of the vaseline coated finger to the
ring of her anus.

"Oh god no Reggie, not there, you'll kill me, your too big, your...
AAAAAARRRGGGHHH."




Caught and Nailed-13


Lisa attempted to spit the ballgag out, twisting and bobbing her head as Reggie
buckled it behind her neck. Reggie grabbed a handful of blonde hair, pulling
Lisa's head straight back until he could see the pink ball wedged tightly
between her pearly white teeth, her pale blue eyes filled with a mixture of
hatred and fear.

The young blonde wept uncontrollably in anticipation of the pain to follow as
the blackman used his finger to liberally apply vaseline to her tiny rosette and
the inner walls of her rear passage.

"This is more for my benefit than for yours, don't want my cock all scraped up,
now do we?"

Lisa mumbled incoherently into her gag as Reggie placed the knob of his
iron-hard penis against the brownish, crinkled skin of her wafer, then her
anticipation of pain became a reality. Reggie's stiffened rod widened Lisa's
shocked sphincter muscles to new limits, shooting excruciating pain deep into
her bowels as it penetrated her rear orifice. He took her with slow, deliberate,
humiliating strokes, forcing her anus to stretch and accommodate his full
complement with each and every one. Reggie was interrupted by a light knock on
the door, he cursed under his breath but did not withdraw his penis from Lisa's
backside.

"Yeah, come on in, doors open."

Meg entered with a gagged and naked Roger on the end of her leash. The older
woman was obviously delighted with the scene that confronted them, she dragged
Roger in closer.

"Hey Rog baby, get a load of your whore."

It was indeed an erotic tableau, Lisa's beautiful white ass skewered and split
in half by Reggie's magnificent black cock, her face damp with tears, her eyes
imploring and pleading for mercy but none was forthcoming.

"Reggie's taking good care of your lady friend while your out of commission,
don't you think, Roger?"

The stunned look on Roger's face was evident.
Meg turned to Reggie. a smirk on her face.

"Sorry to bother you at a time like this Reggie but I wanted to let you know
that we are having company tomorrow and you need to have the whore cleaned up
and presentable by around 10:00 A.M."

"No problem Meg."

Before Meg and Roger had even closed the door they could hear Lisa screaming
hysterically into her gag.




Caught and Nailed-14


Reggie pummelled the distressed young blonde unmercifully, with giant hands
encircling her tiny waist for leverage, he rammed forward and withdrew, rammed
forward and withdrew, his overloaded testicles slamming her battered and bruised
buttocks with each forward thrust. Lisa was nearly unconscious when Reggie
finally emptied his seed into her ravaged intestines. He chained her ankle to
the bedpost and left her curled up in the fetal position to sob the night away.

Both captives were allowed to shower and clean up and were fed an early
breakfast the next morning.

Although forty something, Mistress Desiree is an elegant looking woman. Her hair
is coal-black, combed straight back and into a ponytail. At the moment she is
dressed in an all black leather ensemble, knee high boots, short mini-skirt,
vest, open in front, revealing a tinted mesh bra and elbow length gloves.

Even though Lisa's wrists are handcuffed behind her, Lenny is still holding her
by the elbows. She stands naked except for the thong panty that she wears over
her head. Meg is standing just to the side of her.

Desiree is amused by the sight.

"Explain to me once again about the pantie."

Lisa did not have to be asked twice.

"I must wear these to indicate that I am a whore and an adulteress, this is the
same panty that I used to seduce Ms. Claybourne's husband."

With that said, they all looked towards the other side of the room where Roger
stood naked, except for the chastity belt and the red ballgag. On either side of
him was a young man, they could be brothers, possible twins, they were slim but
muscular, wearing jeans and tight fitting t-shirts, each with dyed blonde hair
and obviously gay. Desiree returned her attention to Lisa.

"While your husband is being entertained by his two playmates shall we take a
look at blondie?"

Meg nodded. "Of course."

Desiree removed the panty from Lisa's head.

"Ah....exquisite, I don't mean to offend you Ms. Claybourne but your husband has
excellent taste." "An unwilling participant too, all the better, she will be a
popular item at the resort."

Lisa protested.

"Wait just a minute, you ca"..........

The slap sounded like a shot, Desiree's leather glove landing flush against the
side of Lisa's face.




Caught and Nailed-15


Lisa's knees buckled but Lenny held her upright so that she was still facing
Desiree. The older woman squeezed the blonde's cheeks between her thumb and four
fingers.

"You will never contradict me or argue with me and you will always address me as
Mistress Desiree, is that understood?"

The young girl was shaken, her left ear still ringing from the resounding slap.

"Yes Mistress Desiree, I...I understand."

Desiree turned towards Meg.

"Your positive that the two lovebirds have kept their affair absolutely covert,
so that the two disappearances will not be tied together?"

"Oh yes, you can count on it, they were very discreet and L.A. county is huge."

Desiree nodded her head.

"Good, We will transport them to the resort tonight by limousine, I will arrange
to have each of their cars abandoned at opposite ends of the county sometime
tomorrow morning, then you can wait around twelve hours or so before reporting
your husband missing."

A panicked Lisa glanced at her ex-lover, still held tightly by his two gay
captors, he could only mumble protests through his ballgag. The two ladies
ignored him as Desiree continued talking.

"They will both make wonderful additions to the resort, you know Meg it is not
far away,  just about half way between Phoenix and Tucson, naturally in the
middle of nowhere and you will always be welcome." "It's a great place to relax
and we have something for everyone."

Meg was beaming.

"Of course, that sounds wonderful but how on earth will you get them across the
state line?"

Desiree laughed.

"The border guard will probably be fucking your little adulteress by this time
tomorrow."

The beautiful young blonde fought back a sob, her breasts dancing a tune in
rhythm with the tremor, Meg smiling broadly at her obvious distress. Desiree's
eyes were now fixed on Lisa's exposed charms.

"If it meets with your approval Meg, I would like to get better acquainted with
our lovely Ms. Lisa and I'm sure Bruce and  Keith would like to do the same with
Roger."

Meg was more than accommodating.

"Of course, no problem, Lenny would you show Desiree and her guys which bedrooms
are available?"

Roger struggled violently with the two gays as they dragged him from the room
screaming into his gag, while Lisa, more resigned to her fate, offered no
resistance.




Caught and Nailed-16


Lisa was naked and unfettered but she fearfully spreadeagled herself face down
on the large canopy bed, while nearby, Desiree casually undressed. Now naked
also, the older women propped her back against two large pillows and spread her
legs wide so that the young blonde's head was at the apex of her vee. Desiree
held a whip in her hand, playfully running it up and down Lisa's slender back.

"I understand that you failed your first two tests under the whip Lisa, that you
sacrificed your dignity in order to protect you tender flesh from it's kiss."

Lisa's face was still buried in the bedding, her voice muffled.

"Yes, Mistress Desiree, I did."

"Well, I'm afraid my dear that you must face that decision once again."

The young girl raised her head, directly in front of her face was the thick,
curly black bush covering Desiree's vagina. Like an obedient slave, without
hesitation, Lisa began to service her mistress, her nimble fingers working
through the heavy foliage and gently spreading the velvety lips of Desiree's
vagina, her nostrils inhaling the musky scent just before her darting tongue
tasted her mistress' early secretions. Lisa traced her lips softly up and down
the parted slit, then penetrated the love nook with her exploring and delving
tongue, Desiree's clit captured in it's stiffened, curled tip. The young blonde
was relentless, her fleshy appendage massaging and stroking Desiree's throbbing
love bud until it exploded. The older woman held Lisa's head in place, forcing
her to lap the ever flowing juices, when she finally released her, the blonde's
face was glistening with the aftermath of her orgasm, a pearly, sticky substance
coating her lips.

Sometime later Desiree was interrupted by a knock at the door. At that moment
Lisa was lying on her back and Desiree was sitting squarely on her face, her
pussy and ass totally engulfing the blonde"s nose and mouth.

"Come in."

Meg entered first, followed by Bruce who had a naked Roger on a leash, even
Roger's gag and chastity belt were gone but his eyes were red and he looked meek
and subdued. Meg was amused by the scenario on the bed as she spoke.

"Sorry to bother you since you seem to be enjoying yourself so much you but I
believe that you mentioned seven o' clock as your departing time."




Caught and Nailed-17


"Yes, thank you Meg, there will be plenty of occasions for me to play with our
lovely little toy."

Suddenly, with her face still buried beneath her mistress' ass, Lisa was
thrashing her legs in desperation, her muffled sounds barely audible. Desiree
laughed.

"Don't be alarmed, Lisa likes it under there, she's a real muff diver, beleive
me."

Mercifully, Desiree raised her haunches, allowing the young blonde one gulp of
fresh air, then resettled. The older woman kept her there for awhile longer,
then much to the relief of the bedraggled Lisa, she let her up. Lisa struggled,
finally lifting herself to a sitting position on the edge of the bed. Meg and
Bruce shook their heads and laughed. Lisa had several black, crinkly pubic hairs
plastered to her chin and several more stuck inside her lips and on her teeth.

A couple of hours later a black limousine, with tinted windows, keeping well
within the speed limits, is making it's way along the open highway of the
California desert on it's way towards the Arizona border. A beautiful and naked
young blonde lays bound and gagged on the back seat, her head resting in the lap
of a refined older lady, dressed in leather. The older lady's hands casually
caressing and fondling the young blonde's exposed flesh.  On the floor, muffled
grunting noises are being made by a naked man, his hands tied behind his back
and a ballgag in his mouth. His face is being held to the floorboards by one
man, and his bare ass, straight up in the air is getting pumped unmercifully
from the rear by a yet second man.

                The End?





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Leones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





