BDSM Library - The Toy




The Toy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Employee of a diamond shop is caught stealing and blackmailed into humiliating submission.
THE TOY

Sam and Derek had been eyeing Lisa for a long time. No matter how hard they
tried to please her, she always evaded them. Then there was Trish, her sister.
How perfect would it be to get them both at the same time. But they couldn't get
Lisa in the first place so how they have them both. Not unless they had
something that would make the girls come to them -  something that would leave
them with no option but to do what the guys told them. Hypnotism ?? neither of
them knew much about it and they didn't believe in it anyway.

Trish worked in a Jewelry store as a salesgirl in the capital mall where Sam
worked as one of the custodians.  He was hoping that he could kidnap her while
she was on her way back home. He followed her movements very closely when he
went around the store and sometimes try to record up skirt poses with his small
video camera. Today he was determined to do something.

The mall was closing and Sam went close to the Jewelry store and waited from a
corner behind a pillar, so that he was hidden from view, with his camera till he
spotted Trish. She, along with the others were helping the store manager pack
up. Sam started taping her movements on video focusing on her heaving breasts
and ample bottom. Trish bent down as if to pick something up and Sam zoomed in
with his camera hoping to get an up skirt view. He noticed that she quickly
sneaked in her shoes. Then she got up and moved around resuming normal work.
None but Sam had seen her steal and it was in his camera. But she was wearing
open shoes - where did she hide them and besides she'd get caught by the
detector when she would be leaving the store. Sam waited. Sure enough, the
detector buzzed when Trish tried to walk through. She smiled and said something
to the cop and took off her shoes - to Sam's surprise the ornament wasn't there.
She walked out of the store, picked up her shoes and walked on. Something was
fishy - Sam was sure. He quickly rewound the tape and looked carefully. Trish
had a hollow metal heel and she had slipped it in her heel.

Sam caught Trish in the parking lot and threatened to turn her in if she didn't
do as he said. Go to hell!! - you don't have any evidence, Trish replied. He
showed her the tape and safely tucked it back in bag. 'Well then, I'll have to
report it' said Sam and started to walk towards the mall. No!! Wait!! Trish
cried, What do you want?

You'll have to do everything I say, just as I say and you'll be safe. Never
question me - do as I tell you and I don't turn you in. Is that understood?
Trish had no option but to listen to him. I want to see you tomorrow at Derek's
house at 7:00 PM.  Saying this he went in.

At 7:00 Derek's house was noisy like a pub. Sam had the night all planned out.
He invited Chris, Stan and Kyle to share the fun. They had loaded their stock of
beer removed all stuff from Derek's living room. Just a loud music system in the
corner of the room and rock music from the 60's was roaring when Trish entered.
She was wearing a white cotton shirt and a navy blue skirt. Even in that simple
dress she looked sexy. Sam held her around her butt and led her into the room.
She is the snub girl, remember guys?? Sam asked his friends - remember how she
never talked to any of us? Here she is now and she will do everything I say. All
the guys laughed. Trish never felt so humiliated. She was looking at the floor.
What color panties are you wearing, Trish? Sam asked. White, Trish said almost
in a whisper. Wanna know if she is telling the truth? Sam asked his friends.
YEA!!!! All of them shouted. Sam yanked up her skirt and the thin white panty
barely covering her thick bush peeped out, just as helpless as she was. A fold
of the fabric of her panty was trapped between her pussy lips and there wasn't
much left to imagination. But Sam had more fun in mind.

We want to play a game and you, Trish will be out toy for tonight. He drew six
circles on the floor covering the entire room. The smallest circle was in the
center and five big  circles were around it. Trish was blindfolded and made to
stand in the center circle.

Here are the rules, Sam said. There is just one open door letting out of this
room. You have to walk  out of the room. The five of us will be in one circle
each and whoever's circle you enter will try to take a piece of clothing off
you. If you can hold him and tell who he is - he will be out of the game. If he
takes a piece of clothing off your body, you will  have to leave his circle.
Then whoever's circle you enter will try to do the same. You objective is to
leave the room with at least one piece of clothing. If you are completely naked,
then either you walk home naked or beg each of us for your piece of clothing and
for a return favor we will give them back to you.

 Fair enough??? Sam shouted. Hmm hmmm Trish answered, too ashamed to open her
mouth. So let us begin. Saying this he made Trish turn around five times  and
let her go. The five of them went inside their respective circles.

Trish was so dizzy after rotating around herself she almost fell while taking
her first step. She entered Stan's circle first. Very stealthily Stan moved
behind her and unzipped her skirt from the back in one quick motion. Her skirt
dropped to the floor exposing her white panties again to everybody's view. Trish
tripped on her skirt as she was trying to moved. All the guys laughed out loud.
She was blindfolded, so she couldn't see but she knew that they were staring at
her crotch and her butt. She had never felt so humiliated. She had to leave
Stan's area.

The next one she walked into was Derek circle.  Derek wanted her blouse but that
would be tough. She could grab him while he was unbuttoning her and could make a
guess. But he wanted to give it a shot. He slowly went in front of her
unbuttoned two of her top buttons and ran away from her to the other end of the
circle. Trish was too dizzy to be able to figure out where he went and who he
was. He came up again and similarly unbuttoned two more  and escaped. Her bra
was showing and the guys were laughing again. She turned around to move in
another direction. She actually moved straight to Derek. He lost no time in
popping the lat button off and holding on both sides of the shirt pulled it off
her arms in one stroke. Trish was pulled back with her shirt and fell on the
floor again. The guys were having a roaring time.

Trish gathered herself and moved to another circle and very close to Kyle, who
was squatting right under her legs. Kyle raised his hands and pulled her panties
down as he was sitting and forward towards to release them from her ankles as he
got up - all in one motion. THUD! Trish fell on her back. Her back was hurting
but the humiliation hurt more.  The noise of laughter was so loud that Trish
would have the noise ringing in her ears for weeks.

 She slowly gathered herself and moved out of the circle. Now there were only
two circles she could go to and she wasn't sure if any of them was towards the
door.  She was stepping carefully so that she could at least keep her bra to the
door. She wasn't very hopeful because it just needed one hook to open her bra
from behind and it would be fairly easy.

Easy it was. She was in Chris's circle and was faced away from him. Chris
extended his hands even without moving,  unhooked her bra and pulled it off her
hands. There she was, completely naked and the guys were rejoicing around her.
Sam didn't get a chance to undress her, but he had all the time in the world for
that.

He went and opened her blindfold and asked her if she wanted to walk home naked
or she wanted her clothes back. She wanted her clothes back. So go and beg!! Sam
shouted, and Trish said "please return my clothes." That's not the right way to
beg, Sam said, kneel down first and beg for each article of clothing you have
lost and try to sound sincere, bitch!. Trish was in tears, as she knelt down.
Please return my panties sirs, I beg you please and she broke into sobs. But
these guys were not the relenting type. I have your panties, you want them back?
Kyle asked. Ummh huh she mumbled. OK crawl towards me. Trish started crawling
and Kyle led her to an adjacent room where all the furniture had been moved. The
guys followed her. Kyle slumped in a recliner and Trish crawled towards him.
Bending down, Kyle grabbed her hair and stuck her face to his crotch. Now unzip
me with your mouth and using you mouth only take my penis out and suck it good!!

Trish had never done this, but there were so many things she had done today that
she hadn't earlier. It took her fifteen minutes to release Kyle's penis and put
it in her mouth. Drink the cum till I am dry, then you can have your panties.

Trish was sucking at his penis knowing that this was going to be a long night.
The only consolation was that she wouldn't go hungry.

Next she was begging for her bra. Chris had it. He made her walk all over the
house bending, kneeling, hopping and pulling her by her hair patting her hard on 
her thatch till he though he needed to get off. He made her bend on all fours
and fucked her from behind. He came in her mouth and she had to lick him dry.
Chris gave her bra back, but she was not allowed to wear any of her clothes yet.
She could wear them only after she had all her clothes and was ready to leave.
Actually Sam wanted to have his share of fun too before he let her go - in all
probability she is going to be here for the night, Sam thought to himself.

Trish was on her knees again begging for her shirt. Derek had it but he liked to
see her beg so he didn't answer for half an hour. Trish's voice was getting
hoarse from crying and begging but Derek was having fun. He was finally ready
for some action. I have your shirt, if you want it back take me in your lap and
nurse me like you would nurse your baby.

Trish had been humiliated enough that she lost her inhibitions. She moved near
him, cuddled his head and brought it to one of her breasts. Derek enjoyed
suckling at her ample bosom. He slipped his right hand between her legs and
rubbed against her thatch, pulling a hair once in a while. She shrieked as he
did that. He bit her each time she shrieked. Trish was in agony. This was
turning out worse than she had thought. After suckling at both breasts and
wounding her pussy badly, Derek had the desire to straddle her. He made her lie
down and holding her two breasts in each hand sitting on her chest, tit fucked
her. When he was about to come he pulled at her nipples so hard that she thought
her skin would tear. He thrust his penis deep in her throat and filled her mouth
with cum. Trish had had so much for dinner that she wouldn't need any proteins
for the next few days. But she had her shirt now and there was just one more guy
to please and she could return home. She had missed just one detail in her
calculations - SAM. He was smiling all the time watching Trish and getting ready
for his own share of action.

Stan didn't let Trish beg too much. He waved her skirt at her and scampered
towards him. Stan let her crawl all around the house even before he spoke a word
to her. Finally he led her back to the living room and exposed his erect penis
to her. Hold it in you mouth, he ordered Trish. With her knees on the floor,
Trish embraced him around his buttocks and enveloped his penis in her mouth. No
no, said Stan. Fold your hand and clasp them behind your head, just you mouth on
my penis, OK? Stan was firm. Trish immediately removed her hands and folded them
behind her head and started sucking. No sucking yet! Stan was at it again, just
follow me where ever I go and you are not to let my penis go or to bite it. If
you do either, you are getting spanked.

Stan started stepping backwards. Trish was walking on her knees holding Stan's
penis in her mouth trying to keep it in as well as not bite it. She sucked so
hard that the vacuum was helping her keep his penis inside. This was OK as long
as he was moving slowly, but if he started moving faster, she would have trouble
keeping up with him. Gradually Stan started increasing his pace. Trish tried
moving faster, but couldn't hold on. In a desperate attempt she almost dug her
teeth on his penis but immediately let it go, but Stan noticed. It wasn't
painful, but he felt her teeth. And she had also let him go, so she was in for a
spanking.

Stan asked Derek if he had a paddle at home. Of course he did - Derek the
pervert was totally into B&D and had lots of cool stuff. He went up his attic
and brought a flat light paddle for Stan to spank Trish. Let's vote, do we spank
her butt or her pussy? Stan asked the crowd. The house was divided - two for
pussy and two for butt. OK we'll do both. YEAA!!! Everybody cheered.

Stan made Trish bend down in an attempt to touch her toes. He then told his
friends to count till fifty as he spanked her butt. When he was done both her
moons were fiery red> net he made her arch on her back and spread her legs wide.
ONE!!!  TWO!!! THREE!!! His friends counted as he continued the spanking her
pussy till he reached fifty. By then he was tired and wanted a release. He made
her go on all fours with her elbows touching the floor and head lying on the
floor on one side as though she was trying to listen to some kind of sounds. He
asshole was thus exposed to Stan's pleasure. He greased two of hi fingers and
stuck them in her hole. Inside her hole he opened his fingers in a V and took
them out, attempting to pry it open. The hole snapped back to closure as soon as
he removed his fingers. But that was all right. He took out his dick and thrust
it in all at once. Having mounted her, he leaned on her and took his two fingers
to her mouth and told her to lick them clean. If she spit she'd be spanked
again. Trish had no option but to patiently get her ass fucked and eat her own
shit.

Stan went on pumping till he was almost there and when he was close, he brought
himself out and told her blow him. Make sure that you drink every drop of it.
Trish took all the shit and cum and continued licking till Stan was sure he was
clean. OK here's your skirt, Stan said, as he moved away from Trish.

Trish was ready to puke, but she was controlling herself. She gathered her
clothes and started to put them on. Not so fast, honey!! Sam said. I need you
upstairs - come with me. But but but you said that once game was over I could go
- Trish tried unsuccessfully to convince Sam. That was a game, this is real.
Remember, you have to do everything I say, exactly as I say - now hurry up. Sam
was getting angry and Trish was wondering was in store for her next.

She would know soon enough.

............................................to be continued.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sam


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





