BDSM Library - Waiting at Home




Waiting at Home
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A kind of wierd, short story I wrote about a top making his bottom videotape a self bondage scene.
Waiting at Home

As I walk into the house, I know she hears me.  My big V-Twin is very loud, my
large booted bulk makes a lot of noise on the wooden deck, and of course, the
alarm always beeps when the door is open.
As I walk into the living room, my suspicion is more than confirmed.  She is
struggling wildly against her bonds, and frantically moaning through the large
penis gag buckled tightly around her head.  Hmmm, I wonder what it is she could
be trying to tell me?
Ignoring her, for the moment, I walk past her to the kitchen, hang up my riding
jacket, grab a nice Hefewiezen out of the fridge and a 4 AA's out of the half
empty Costco pack in the junk drawer.
She knows I'm back when she hears the "clunk" of me setting the now much
depleted bottle of beer down on the coffee table.  She tries to turn and look,
but is facing away from me, on her stomach, on the floor.  She once again starts
to moan loudly and thrash somewhat wildly.
First things first, I reach between her knees, under her tightly roped together
ankles and examine the small white plastic box sitting there.  A white cord runs
from that to underneath the rope that so deliciously parts her ass cheeks before
being tied off to another rope cinched tightly around her waist, which has a
nice pair of handcuffs running through, which are holding her wrists behind her
back so unforgivingly.  Just as I thought, the selector switch is set to full,
but I can hear no sound coming from under the cord  running so tightly between
her legs.
Well, that is easy to fix.  She knows what I'm up to, too, as the removing of
the plastic cover makes a very distinctive sound.  She can then hear the
"sproing" of the new batteries going into their spring holders, the "click" of
the cover going back on.  I can see the muscles on her ass tighten as she tenses
her entire body for the shock of me turning the switch.  I let her wait for a
few seconds.  Right as she is relaxing again, I push the knob all the way back
up.  Even though she is ready, the shock still hits her.  A squeak comes out of
her gag and she is suddenly grinding her hips into the floor.
Laying on the floor next to her, within reach if she were to roll on her side,
is a small red waxy blob with a string coming out of it.  I smile, seeing that
the emergency key is still coated in wax, unused.  What a good little girl.  I
pick it up and wave it front of her face.
"Since I'm here now, I don't think you'll be needing this."  I say, teasingly.
The groan of despair and hopelessness that came was priceless.  Up until this
point, she has had the power to escape, if she needed too.  Now, she is
completely at my mercy.  That totally changes the game.
I walk over to the tripod-mounted video camera, hit stop and then rewind
buttons.  A cable is already coming from the TV, so it is a simple matter to
hook the camera up to it.  As I'm searching for the TV remote, I am startled by
a loud squeal and some serious thrashing.
I turn and her panting, sweating visage reinforces the sound I had just heard. 
Was this her first?  I don't know, I will have to review the tape.  She knows
she will pay a price for every one, but despite this (or more probably because
of it) can't stop them.  Especially now, thanks to my new batteries.  Hehe.

I click the play button...
***She walked away from the camera, holding the cordless phone to her ear.  She
was fully clothed, wearing jeans and her old faded college sweatshirt.
"The camera's on now, sir.  What next?"  She said into the phone.
"Okay.  I'm going to put the phone down now, sir.  Yes sir!"  She put the phone
down and ran out of the room.***

I fast forward the tape at this point, as I know that it is several minutes
before anything else happened.
I hit the play button quickly as the video shows her coming back into the room.

**She was now nude, except for garters, stockings and very high spike heels.  In
her arms was a large bag.  She picked up the phone again "I'm back, Sir"**

I now have my penis out and am stroking it gently.  I hear a moan of frustration
and see that she is eyeing me hungrily, grinding her hips into the ground.  But
I know that more than anything, she wants me to lift her head, remove her gag
and put it in her mouth.

***She stood silently for a few minutes listening.  She was shaking with
anticipation.  Her thighs were rubbing together in their silky stockings, of
their own accord.  Finally she replied, very contritely, "Yes sir, please
hurry!", clicked the off button on the phone and turned and put it down.***

I'm squeezing myself now, but I know this tape will take a while, so I go easy. 
I turn to her and she is staring a hole into me.  It looks like she is close
again, though.

***She kneeled next to the black nylon bag on the floor and began removing
items.  First a small box, a little larger than her small hand.  From this she
removed something egg shaped, with a white cord attached to a white plastic box. 
The same plastic box I would be changing batteries in later***

She is very close again now.  She has realized that I plan on sitting and
watching the entire tape before I do anything about her situation.  I know this
because she trying to curse, beg, cajole around her gag.  I, of course, ignore
her, except the occasional glance.  I continue to slowly stroke myself with one
hand and grab and pull my balls with the other.  I secretly don't plan on
watching the entire tape right now, but I still hope I can make it to the part I
am waiting for.

***She spread her knees and inserted the egg into herself.  Her excitement was
obvious from the ease with which she did this.  Next, she reached into the bag
and pulled out a black cone with a large flare at the base, and a tube.***

I stop stroking myself in surprise.  This is unexpected.  I had bought her this
plug a few weeks ago, but she had flat refused to try it, saying it was too big. 
I look over at her, and she has a look of slight embarrassment and amusement in
her eyes.

***"I know you didn't say anything about this,"  She smiled as she said held the
cone up to the camera, "but I want always want to go that little extra mile for
you,  Sir".  She squeezed a little bit of the liquid out of the tube and began
stroking the cone with it.  Laying down on her back, she spread her legs wide
and began rubbing some of the same liquid into her anus.
She pushed the tip of the cone up against her anus and slowly began pushing it
in.  Her breathing was hard and labored.  She was halfway there, but had to
retreat a bit.  Then, with a final shove and a labored grunt, she pushed it all
the way in.  Her chest heaved as she just layed, otherwise motionless, allowing
her body to adjust the invasion.***

I know she regrets doing that now.  That is one big plug.  She starts grunting
her entire breath out through the gag.  It is almost a scream.  She is pulling
on her cuffs, attached as they are to the rope between her legs.  This one is
going to be intense.

***She rolled back onto her knees and pulled some coils of pristine white cotton
rope out of the bag.  She took a length and wrapped it double around her waist,
running the ends through the loop created right at the small of her back.  She
reached underneath, pulled the ends through and tied them off, very tightly, on
the waist rope around her stomach.  Even in the low res videotape,  the outline
of her vulva being pressed out on either side of the ropes is very clear.***

Her eyes switch hungrily back and forth between watching me play with myself and
watching herself work the plug into her ass.  Feeling it now, and what it felt
like when she put it in.  She is moving more slowly, but much more deliberately. 
Pulling the rope with her handcuffs harder, and rubbing her nipples against the
carpet as she rolls from side to side.

***She took a pair of handcuffs out of the bag, along with something red on a
string.  The red blob, she laid carefully on the floor next to her.  The
handcuffs, she slipped through the rope, so they were hanging from the crotch
rope at the small of her back.  She sat down, grunting as this obviously pushed
the monster deeper into her, and crossed her ankles.  She quickly tied them
together.  Back on her knees she tied a short rope between her ankles and the
back of the waste rope.  One last thing out of the bag was what looked like a
short but thick penis with a large leather base and straps around it.  She puts
the penis in her mouth and buckles the strap tightly around her head.
One last thing to do.  She grabbed the white box hanging from the cord between
her legs and uses her thumb to turn the knob.  On the tape, the noise from the
device can't be heard, but a small moan of pleasure through the gag can.
She lowered herself to her stomach, and as if she knew if she hesitated she
wouldn't be able to go through with it, clicked her hands into the handcuffs.
She layed totally still for a moment, but then the submissiveness and
helplessness of her situation hit her, along with the massive stimulation.  Her
first orgasm was quick but intense.***

I know the part of the tape I have been waiting for is coming up pretty soon.  I
have hopefully timed everything right.  She eyes me hopefully as I walk over
towards her, but I walk around behind her, kneel down and straddle her bound
wrists and waist, both of us now watching the tape together.  She is starting to
shudder, and she is showing signs of what I know will be her final orgasm. They
are always seems to be far more intense then the ones before.
I am stroking myself faster and faster, as I know what I am about to see on the
tape.  Using the remote, I turn the sound all the way up on the TV.

***She perked her head up at the sound of the phone ringing.  She was panting
and moving again, she was obviously building up to something.  My voice echoes
in the large room "Hi, this is Jack and Katy, leave a message."  There is a
beep***

I am so close, as I know what is coming...as is she.

***"Hi baby"  Comes my voice again, "I bet your all tied up now, I can just see
you.  God I bet you look so hot"  My voice had a serious affect on her and she
started moaning and grinding her hips into the floor.***

Remembering this moment obviously has her turned on.  She is screaming "UKKKK
EEE!  UUUUKKK EEEEEEE!!!" through the gag.  She is thrashing wildly, really
trying to get free.  I interperet this as "FUCK ME!".  I have better ideas. This
whole scene is about domination, not sex.

***"Honey, "my voice continued "when I get home, I am going to fuck you so
hard!"  This had a real effect on her and she was thrashing wildly.***

I sit back on her arms to hold her still, and pump myself faster.  She can't see
what I'm doing.  She knows this next one will finish her off, and wants so
desperately to have me inside her before that happens.

***"But baby, " my voice sounded sad, "I'm afraid I lied to you when I said I
would be home in 20 minutes."
"MMMMM??????" came the scream from the gag.
"I have a meeting starting right now, and I won't be home for about an hour and
a half.  Have fun without me"  Click.***

Her wails of protest coming from the TV are the final catalyst I need and I come
all over her back and hair in several large spurts.  She feels it and screams in
frustration.  She now knows the whole point of the scene.  The fact that she has
just just suffered the last almost two hours in a tight hogtie experiencing
severe sexual frustration simply for my amusement and so I could jack off all
over her dawns.  She has been used, an object, a plaything.

On the both the TV and in real life, the hopelessness, frustration and
submissiveness that I know turn her on more than anything else finally come home
to her and send her over the edge.  I have timed it right.   The real life and
video screams change from frustration to ecstasy almost simultaneously.

It's always nice to know you have someone waiting at home for you.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kinkracer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





