BDSM Library - Arranged Marriages




Arranged Marriages
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hoping to avoid bankruptcy Elizabeth's parents force her to spend a week with Aaron at a remote cottage. They instruct her to seduce him into marrying her but things don't go according to plan.
Please take note!
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.
MF NC Punishment
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.


This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.
Copyright 2001




Arranged Marriages
by obohobo

Chapter 1 A week in the country

"You must try and get him to marry you. Our future and yours could depend on
it."
"But mother, I don't like him. He's a jerk. We have nothing in common."
"Elizabeth, if Aaron doesn't put his money into our company, we will be ruined.
Bankrupt, then where will you be?" Elizabeth's father added his voice to the
argument raging in the DeCoult household. "If Savron's takes a controlling
interest in Vistaelectric then our company goes to the wall and we lose
everything including the house. You can save us. If you seduce him into marrying
you, he won't sell to Savron's."
"You don't have to like him, dear. Just marry him and after a bit get a good
divorce settlement."
"But mother, how could you arrange for me to go away with him into the
wilderness of  Wales for a week without consulting me? Its disgusting. Most
likely he'll spend his time watching birds or something. You know what he's
like."
"Darling I know he's shy but I talked with his mother and she's concerned that
he doesn't even have a girlfriend. I know you're no virgin but you haven't had a
boy friend that has lasted more than a month or two. It's time you settled down.
Curb your temper and try and be less irritable and you might get into a long
term relationship. Once you get him alone you might find him quite likable."
"Mother you know he never attends any of the social functions. Always dresses
like a slob, never goes to good restaurants...."
"No more argument, Elizabeth," her father interjected, "You are going and you
will do your best to persuade him to like you enough to ask for your hand. It's
for your good as well as ours."
******
"Elizabeth, I don't know why our parents arranged this but I guess it has to do
with money or business. I doubt they just want to marry us off so they can have
lots of little grandchildren. I am sure you have no liking for me and your way
of life is abhorrent to me. So why don't we just call a truce to the bickering
and try to get along for the week? I think we both know as a relationship, this
isn't going to work, despite what our parents think or want." Elizabeth just
nodded. They had been driving in the 4x4 Landrover Discovery through Shropshire
and had now crossed the border into Wales. Elizabeth was still fuming that he
hadn't brought the luxurious BMW but Aaron was adamant the Discovery was more
practical on the gravel roads to the cottage.
For some time there was an uneasy silence until Aaron pulled off at a small
roadside cafe. "Surely you aren't going to eat in a place like this? It's for
truck drivers and the like." Elizabeth started bitching again.
"And it has the best food around. In any case there is no where else for miles.
You can sit in the car if you wish."
Elizabeth decided she had better appear a little sociable. She needed a coffee
to lift her spirits a little. Two groups of truck drivers sat with steaming mugs
of tea eating eggs and bacon. Feeling very out of place in her bright flowery
dress and heeled shoes, Elizabeth sat at a table. It was clean enough but she
turned her nose up at the fact there was no table cloth. Only a plastic
imitation wood surface.
"What would you like to eat? The menu is on the board." Aaron pointed to the
list printed in chalk. "The steak and kidney pie is usually very good." She
decided to just have a ham sandwich. It wasn't the delicate quartered triangles
she expected but despite her reservations and snide comments, it tasted good.
The instant coffee though was not good and even Aaron had to admit, they were
better at making tea than the bitter dark brew they called coffee.
Further on, at a small village supermarket, Aaron bought supplies to last them
most of the week. When asked about her cooking skills, Elizabeth tartly replied,
"I don't cook. We have a person to do that."
"Well you will just have to rely on my skills then and they are pretty basic. No
cafes or hotels nearby."
A light drizzle had descended by the time they arrived at the cottage and the
low cloud gave a sense of gloom and foreboding to Elizabeth as she entered the
cottage, one of a pair that stood a hundred yards apart but otherwise isolated
from their nearest neighbours by two miles of moorland. It was however warm
inside, The wood stove had been lit but was now burning low. Perhaps the
neighbours lit it she thought but only commented on the gloom and the spartan
furnishings. Aaron rekindled the dying fire and soon had a simple bacon and eggs
meal sizzling in the pan. He was hungry after the long drive.
"Elizabeth, I know you don't want to be here or sleep with me. That's okay with
me too. You can have the back bedroom but we will have to share the bathroom and
toilet facilities. As you have already seen, they too are pretty basic and not
designed for spending hours face painting. It will have to do though."
Complaining bitterly and being brought to such a hovel, about the state of the
bed, about everything, Elizabeth finally went to bed. She couldn't sleep. What
was she going to do? How could she even consider marrying such a man? A man who
seemed to enjoy living in this godforsaken place. She silently cursed the lumpy
mattress and the hard pillow. She cursed her parents for their crazy scheme.
They might need the money but would she ever be able to put up with this?
Near midnight she heard the outside door open. Footsteps, obviously trying to be
quiet. A burglar? Surely not in such a remote hole? Listening intently she
discerned the opening of Aaron's bedroom door and then quietly whispered voices.
One a woman's. A bed creaked, then a pause before a more continuous creaking of
bed springs. She knew exactly what was going on. But who was the visitor? Aaron
obviously must know her. Maybe they have been lovers in the past. Maybe she is a
long time girlfriend. But his mother had said he didn't have a girlfriend.
Perhaps she didn't know about this one? Was she a rival for his hand in
marriage? Jealousy stirred in her mind. She didn't want him but she didn't want
anyone else to have him either. The creaking quietened. Muffled voices, then
nothing. No footsteps. She must still be in there. Eventually Elizabeth fell
into a troubled sleep.
The creaking started again. Elizabeth looked at her watch. 5.30 a.m. She lay
awake listening. Again she debated what to do. Quietly she sat up and put on her
dressing gown. Even in summer, the nights on the hillside were a little chilly.
Opening the door a crack, she listened and waited. The creaking stopped.
Whispered words, then rustling sounds. Dressing? At this hour of the morning?
"I've got to go." Faint words drifted through as Aaron's bedroom door was
opened. Boldly Elizabeth stepped out to confront the woman she now saw as her
enemy. A woman who must be stopped at all costs. Without warning she threw a
tight fisted punch at the woman's head and caught her full in the eye. A ring on
her finger caught a cheek bone causing a small cut to bleed copiously. The woman
tried to retaliate but Aaron intervened. From the woman's stature, Elizabeth
would have come off worst.
"Go home Dawn. I'll deal with Elizabeth."
"To hell you will Aaron. You'll just be nice to her. I know you. Your too nice
to everyone. That means you'll do what your bloody parents and she want and
marry her. Well if that's the way it is, I'll say good bye. If you want to see
me again, you'll have to ask ME to marry you first." Dawn ran from the cottage,
tears mingling with the blood on her face. Aaron started after her but she just
told him to 'Go to hell'. "I don't want to see you again," she added.
Aaron turned on Elizabeth. "That was the worst thing or maybe the best thing you
could have done. At least now, I know I won't kowtow to my parents, your parents
or your wishes. Dawn is the nicest woman I know and I will marry her despite
everything."
"Not while your father has anything to do with it, you won't. He still runs the
firm. You are only a junior partner."
The heated argument raged on. ".... I love her and I will marry her, not a bitch
like you." With the noise from the argument, they had not heard the door open
and a well built man enter.
"So this is the bitch that hurt my sister."
"I'm sorry, David. It happened too quick to stop her. How is Dawn?"
Ignoring the question, David grabbed Elizabeth and carried her to the back
bedroom. Despite her struggles, David kicked the door shut, placed the back of a
chair against it and sat down with Elizabeth kicking and screaming over his lap.
She suspected what he was about to do but couldn't believe anyone would have the
audacity to spank her. Aaron tried to open the door but with the chair back
under the knob and the combined weight of David and Elizabeth on the seat, there
was no way it was going to open.
Unceremoniously David pulled the hem of Elizabeth's robe up to reveal her lacy
pink knickers. They didn't cover her bottom for long. A swift pull and the
material parted at the sides to reveal a pair of taut white globes. "From what
I've heard, your parents should have done this years ago." David spoke through
gritted teeth, anger in his voice. As the word came out so his hard hand
descended on the unprotected flesh with a loud "Slaapp!" Before Elizabeth could
scream, the hand had forcefully landed again. Her arse was no longer white.
Finding her voice, Elizabeth cried out and started to call him the vilest things
that came into her head but these were soon replaced by pleas for him to stop.
Her struggles and kicks had little effect and soon she was reduced to a sobbing,
pleading wreck. The spanking stopped as suddenly as it had begun. David stood
and tossed his victim on her bed, removed the chair from the door and left the
house without a further word.
When Aaron tried to enter the room to comfort Elizabeth, she swore at him in a
most unladylike manner. He left her, dressed and walked to the neighbouring
cottage. Unusually the door was locked. David answered his knock and informed
him Dawn wouldn't see him. "You have to get rid of the bitch first." Elizabeth
was in no better mood when he returned. As soon as he entered the house she
threw a plate at him. It missed but he decided to leave things to quieten down
for a while and drive over to the next valley and watch his beloved red kites.
They at least didn't seem to have problems. They were free to soar and glide in
the updrafts.
Sulkiness had replaced venom when Aaron returned in the afternoon. He made a
meal which Elizabeth silently picked at and for the rest of the day she
adamantly refused to speak to him. She turned the radio on full to a pop station
which she knew Aaron wouldn't like and gingerly sat on extra cushions in the
armchair by the fire. Aaron tried twice to see and speak with Dawn. Both times
he was denied entry. Despondent, he went to bed early.




Chapter 2 A midnight raid

Anger and fury still burning in her breast, Elizabeth made her way to way in the
pale moonlight to David's house. She had no plan but would think of something
when she got there. Under her feet the ground was soggy and her unsuitable heels
dug deeply into the soft soil, slowing her progress. A window was cracked open.
Slowly she opened it further and peered in. With eyes now accustomed to low
light levels she could make out Dawn's sleeping form lying on the bed beneath
the window. It was warm enough inside for her to sleep with only a sheet
covering. What should she do? Looking around outside she saw a watering can. It
was full.
"Yeeeck!" Dawn's shriek pierced the still night air as cold water flooded her
body and bed. The sound brought two collie dogs bounding into the bedroom
closely followed by David. Elizabeth dropped the watering can and fled but in
heels her progress was slow.
"Bitch!" muttered Dawn as she indicated to Mo and Dring they should leap through
the window. Using their training as sheep dogs, Dawn gave commands in Welsh that
herded Elizabeth through the wettest, boggiest part of the field. Each time she
tried to escape, one or other of the dogs would nip at her ankles but never
quite touching them. Twice she tripped and fell losing a shoe the second time.
Sobbing now, the unfortunate girl was brought towards the bedroom.
"Bring her to the back door." For the first time, Dawn realised her naked
brother was in the bedroom beside her. His nakedness didn't bother her, nor did
the fact that her wet nightdress effectively made her naked. They had seen each
other's bodies frequently but there was no incestuous relationship between them.
"Let me know when she is at the door and I'll grab her."
"She's there."
David quickly opened the door and pulled Elizabeth inside. "So my last spanking
wasn't enough for you. I'll have to do a better job this time. Now get those
filthy clothes off before you go into the kitchen. Mo, Dring, watch her."
"No, please, I'm sorry."
"You will be. Now get undressed and into the kitchen while I see to Dawn. Don't
think about making a run for it, the dogs will get you before you get out of the
door." Through eyes streaming with tears, Elizabeth looked pleadingly at David.
His face only showed anger. Looking down at his powerfully built body she took
in his semi-hard cock. It was bigger than any she had seen. Would he try and
....? Before she could formulate an answer David left the porch area with "When
you are ready go and stand by the warmth of the Aga in the kitchen."
Dawn had shed her nightdress and was drying herself when he returned to her
room. "What are we going to do with that bitch? She's been nothing but trouble
since she came here and she only arrived yesterday."
"You're going to do nothing. Get dressed and go to Aaron and stay there. I'll
deal with her."
"I can't go to him. I said I wouldn't speak to him until he asked me to marry
him."
"You love him don't you?" Dawn nodded. "Then don't put silly barriers up. Get
dressed and go."
"But...."
"Dress and go!"
Dawn slipped into her working clothes and walked to the neighbouring cottage.
All was quiet. For some minutes she waited at the back door debating whether or
not to enter. Starting to return to her own home she faintly she heard a scream
and then a cry of "No." She guessed David would be dealing with Elizabeth. How
she didn't want to imagine but knew he wouldn't want her in the way. David would
pay her back for the painful eye. Perhaps Aaron's would be the best idea.
Stealthily entering, she undressed in the kitchen and slipped into Aaron's bed.
Silencing any questions with a deep kiss Dawn cuddled up to him before working
his cock to full hardness and taking it inside her.
Elizabeth meanwhile was not in such a happy frame of mind. David returned to the
porch. "I told you to get your clothes off. Now do it."
"No!" David took a couple of steps towards her. Mo growled. "Okay, get out. I
don't want you watching."
David didn't move. "Get undressed now. My seeing you is the least of your
problems." Slowly Elizabeth took off her sweater, the one shoe that was still in
place, socks and trousers and stood in her knickers and bra. David's cock began
to rise. Elizabeth noticed it too.
"What are you going to do to me? Spank me again? Rape me?"
"Get into the kitchen, Liz." David motioned to the door. Out of the corner of
her eye, Elizabeth saw him take a riding crop from the peg by the back door. He
wouldn't use that on a girl surely, she thought. Elizabeth hesitated, but a
gentle touch with the crop urged her on.
"Liz,..."
"Don't call me that, I'm Elizabeth."
"Liz," David repeated, deliberately ignoring the remark, "My previous spanking
doesn't seem to have had enough effect so tougher action is required. Besides
giving her a nasty black eye, you have almost wrecked Dawn's life and now you're
going to pay the price."
"You're not going to hit me with that!" she exclaimed eying the crop. Sensing
that he was, she flew at him with fists flying and feet kicking in all
directions. Not having any experience in fighting she soon found herself off
balance and on the floor without having struck a noticeable blow to David. "You
bugger! You bastard! You sod!" she shouted in a high pitched voice. David
laughed as she continued with the invective. Effortlessly he picked her up under
his arms and carried her still swearing and kicking into his room and
unceremoniously dumped her face down on the bed.
"I'll sue you! I'll have you put in jail! You'll pay for this!"
"No, I don't think you will. You are here to trick Aaron out of his money,
right?" Elizabeth didn't answer. "If my whipping you gets into court, your
underhand dealing gets into the press."
"You bloody sod!" Elizabeth sent yet another kick at his groin. Aimed at his
erect prick it fell short of its target.
Reaching for one of the few ties he owned David proceeded to bind Elizabeth's
wrists behind her back. "That's my wedding's tie. I wonder if that is an omen?"
"Let me go you bastard! I don't deserve to be whipped just for pouring a little
water over your bitch of a sister."
"Oh but you do deserve it, Liz. The water was only the last straw." Picking her
up again, David pulled her knickers off and placed the wriggling woman over the
bottom board of the bed, feet touching the floor, breasts pressed to the
mattress. However, Elizabeth's spirited struggles did not keep her in that
position for long and David was forced to use the remaining two ties from his
wardrobe to fasten her ankles to the bedposts. Spread-eagled, helpless and now
well displayed Elizabeth changed her tune from spiteful reprimands to pleading,
then to begging when she saw David pick up the crop again.
The first crack brought a terrible scream. A vivid red weal appeared right
across both buttocks. Not having any experience at whipping a person the blow
was heavier than he expected. David allowed the initial pain to subside a
little. "I think a dozen like that should do the trick. You would remember them
for very long time."
"Nooo! Noo! Please no. I couldn't stand a dozen," sobbed Elizabeth, "It would
kill me."
"I'm sure it wouldn't. You might be sore for a month and you wouldn't want to
flaunt your body in a tight bathing suit, but it wouldn't kill you. Mind you it
has made an impressive welt." David ran his fingers over the sore area. "It will
be very impressive indeed when the whole area is covered."
"Please, please, David, don't do it. I really can't take any more."
"But you've only had one. Lets see what effect the second has." Bringing the
crop down sharply again brought another ear piercing scream from the unfortunate
girl. Sobbing piteously, she again pleaded for mercy. David himself wondered if
she really could take a full dozen but didn't want to back down from his earlier
statement. He gave Elizabeth several minutes to compose herself a little.
"Lizzie, I'll bargain with you. I give you four strokes now and hold eight in
reserve against your good behaviour. In re...."
"Yes, yes, I'll be good. Please two is enough. Please David don't hit me any
more."
"You didn't let me finish. I give you four strokes now and hold eight in reserve
against your good behaviour. In return," David paused, "You will live here as my
mistress for the rest of your stay and... and do the work Dawn would normally
do, as far as that is possible for someone with no experience of farm work."
"You can't be serious! You want to fuck me and make me do labouring. You can't
be serious."
"I'm very serious. Two more strokes and stay here as my 'guest' or ten more
strokes and go back to the other cottage. Which?"
"It's an inhuman choice."
"But one you have to make Lizzie. You either live here with me with a sore bum
or hobble back to the other cottage in extreme pain. I'll give you five
minutes."
At the end of five minutes the pain had subsided a little and Elizabeth began to
think she could possibly take two more but not another ten. Why should she have
to take any? She also wondered what it would be like to have that cock he so
blatantly displayed, inside her. Could she take it? Would it hurt her too. Would
he just rape her or would he be kinder?
"Well Lizzie?"
"Won't you just let me go? Please?"
"Ten strokes it is then?"
"No! No! I can't take ten more."
"Then it's two and subservience? That's the only other choice."
"Bastard! Yes, damn you, yes."
Twice more the crop came down on the already marked arse but David didn't put
the same vigour into the strokes. Even so they hurt and left a line of fire but
even Elizabeth realised they were not as fierce as the first two."
"Remember Lizzie, I will hold the other eight on account for your good
behaviour, and that will also mean the way you conduct yourself here. First
though I must relieve myself of a load that is in my balls." Feeling around her
cunt he massaged the clit for a few minutes until he felt moisture flowing and
then slowly inserted his rampant manhood. Elizabeth felt her vagina forcefully
filled and stretched as four inches of solid cock entered. The stretching in
itself wasn't really painful but he was only halfway in and the skin of her
bottom sent vicious bolts of pain to her brain at every movement. He began a
steady in and out motion gradually deepening his thrusts until fully entering
her. Realising how sore her arse was, he tried to stop short of pushing his
pelvis into the sore weals but only partially succeeded. Each time their flesh
collided she screamed.
All too soon for David he climaxed. He had felt some reactions within the girl
under him but knew she couldn't have cum in the short time. "Damn! Sorry," he
swore, "I'll control myself better next time."
"Rapist! You sodden rapist!" Elizabeth sobbingly spat the words but they lacked
her usual venom. "Now you've had your fun how about untying me?"
"Maybe I will, maybe I won't. Depends on if I think you are going to behave
yourself. Otherwise you might just as well spend the night like that and be
ready for me any time I feel like it."
"David, please. It hurts like hell. Please let me up. I'll be good. I promise."
"And just how much are your promises worth, Lizzie? Not much I would guess, but
I will free you and then perhaps we can get some sleep. Farmers start early you
know." Standing unsteadily, Elizabeth carefully rubbed her arse. "Come into the
bathroom and I'll put some cream on. First though I am going to remove your bra.
You look a bit comical with that as the only piece of clothing on you and I want
to get a good look at my new mistress's tits."
Elizabeth was a little humiliated at having him apply the cream but it did ease
the pain a little. She crawled reluctantly into bed and lay face down alongside
David. Both lay awake for a while but soon David began to snore gently. Biding
her time, Elizabeth decided to try and escape. Ever so slowly she eased out of
the bed. The snoring continued. She'd get some clothes from Dawn's room and then
get away. Silently she left the bedroom and into Dawn's room.
"Woof! Woof! Grrrrr!"
"Damn your bloody dogs."
Almost instantly it seemed, David was alongside her and applying his hand
forcefully on her already sore rear. "So much for your promises of good
behaviour." Again the tears flowed as he carried her back to bed.




Chapter 3 A farmer's work

5.30 a.m. and David was awake. He needed no alarm. He awoke at that time every
morning. Elizabeth had only drifted off into sleep an hour previously but his
movements woke her. She groaned.
"Time for farm workers to get up." Elizabeth groaned and protested again. "But I
think this morning, I ought to have a little fun first. Feel this." Taking
Elizabeth's hand, he placed it around his piss hard cock.
"Oh no, not again," Elizabeth protested, "I'm too tired and too sore."
"This'll wake you and you'll be very much sorer if you don't start to
cooperate," David growled. "Is it another spanking you want?"
"No." Elizabeth knew any protest would be futile. He was strong. She had nowhere
to run and no clothes.
"Turn over." As her arse came in contact with the mattress, Elizabeth felt the
pain double but after a minute or two it subsided a little. David pulled her
legs apart and felt along the crack of her sex. Sliding a finger into the
opening he manipulated her clit between it and his thumb. Elizabeth tried not to
get aroused but soon her juices were flowing. Climbing on top but trying to keep
the bulk of his weight off the girl, David thrust his prick halfway in. Unlike
the previous attempt he didn't even try to stop there but forcibly pushed it
deeper with every thrust until at full depth his pubic hair mashed with hers.
The pain in her buttocks not only sent it fire to her brain it seemed to warm
her cunt from the inside. Unwillingly she responded to his thrusts and despite
herself, came like she had never cum with anyone before. But David wasn't done.
His cock kept up its thrusts and gyrations inside the tight walls without
spending its seed. Elizabeth came noisily a second time. A minute later David
loosed his load.
"You bastard!" The words came out not with venom but with a kind of reverence
she had not expected. David kissed her fully on the mouth and the pair lay back
for ten minutes to recover.
"Time to get up! Its gone six. Make some tea and then we'll see if we can find
some working clothes of Dawn's that will fit you."
*****
Aaron and Dawn rose at 5.30. Aaron because he had intended to make an early
start to the next valley to watch the red kites; Dawn because she always woke at
that time ready to work on the farm. Her eye was very black and made worse by
the cut becoming painfully infected.
"You can't work like that," Aaron remarked, "You can't open one eye. When David
gets up we'll go and pick up some clothes and have a run out in the car and come
back here for lunch. No one will see you if we stay in the car."
"And you can get to see your beloved kites!" Dawn laughed. "Yes, okay, I'm sure
David can do without me for one day."
6.30 they saw lights were on in the cottage. Walking in they heard voices from
Dawn's room.
"I can't wear that. It's gross!"
"Dawn's about your height but she does have a bit more flesh on her bones than
you. It will cover you up and you have nothing else suitable for mucking out the
barn"
Dawn rushed into her room and was confronted by the naked back view of
Elizabeth. She was surprised she was up at this hour but even more surprised by
the stripes and colour of her arse. "God, David, did you do that to her?"
"Yep, colourful isn't it? Looks like your eye is too so we are all square. Hope
you don't mind but I was trying to find some suitable clothing from Liz to work
in. She's volunteered to take your place for a week." Elizabeth blushed scarlet
when she realised both Dawn and Aaron were looking at her. Grabbing the bed
cover she wrapped it around herself and then winced as she felt the wet cloth on
the bare skin.
"That wet cover is the reason you are here, Lizzie dear. Remember?"
"She'll never stand up to farm work, even at this time of year when there isn't
all that much that needs doing. She hasn't the strength for it."
Elizabeth bridled at the remark. "I had enough strength to black your eye!" she
retorted.
"Now ladies, don't start squabbling. We only came to pick up some clothes for
Dawn to go out in. Obviously she can't do much work with her eye closed so I
thought to take her for a ride. If the eye doesn't improve I may have to call in
at a doctors." David tried to defuse the situation.
"Do you mind if I find some overalls, socks and boots of yours for Liz?" asked
David.
"There's clean overalls and socks in the airing cupboard. She's welcome to wear
them if she will."
"I can do anything you can bitch!" Elizabeth didn't believe or even want to find
out but she wasn't going to admit it to anyone. "Now find what you want and
leave me to get dressed in peace."
"Fine Lizzie." Dawn imitated her brother's use of the diminutive term.
"Don't you call me that!"
"Your a farm worker now, so you don't need a high-falutin title." Dawn smiled
and added, "David, perhaps the first job for your new farm worker should be to
wash the bedclothes and dry the mattress. Or is she sleeping in your bed at
night?"
After Dawn and Aaron left, Lizzie broke down and sobbed. She wasn't used to
others poking fun at her and after all she had been through the previous evening
it all seemed overpowering. On the surface David showed little sympathy. He
found clean overalls and overrode Elizabeth's complaints concerning the
bagginess of the fit and the roughness of the material especially as she had no
wearable knickers or bra. "We'll pick some up later from Aaron's but first we
will have to do something with this bed before it starts to smell."
Elizabeth's shoe size was smaller than Dawn's but they overcame the problem with
extra woollen socks again to complaints of their roughness. The green wellies
would be far more suited to outside work than any of the other shoes she had.
When farm work was mentioned had ideas of tractor driving and herding sheep, it
was thus a shock when her first job was mucking out the now vacant pig sty.
"Pig's went to market, last week and we have to get some new ones day after
tomorrow so this is a job that needs doing now."
"It stinks! I feel faint! I can't go in there! I won't go in there!" David
didn't wait to hear any more. Picking Elizabeth up he tossed her face down
across the low wall that formed the boundary of the sty. "Whop, whop." His hand
fell on Elizabeth's already sore backside. Even covered with the denim material,
she felt the pain each time his hand struck. Ten times, he spanked her before
she cried out she would do it.
"Bloody fucking sadistic bastard!" Sobs enveloped her.
"Was that a request for a further dose?" enquired David.
"No, please, you've hurt me enough."
"Then take the other fork and work from that corner towards me. Watch what I do
and how I do it." After half an hour she had begun to ignore the smell but had
only moved a fraction of the dung compared to David. He knew not to push her
more. She had difficulty in moving and certainly wasn't used to manual work.
When the material was all in the open David did get the tractor and fork lift to
move the bulk of it to the manure heap.
"Breakfast time," he announced. Normally Elizabeth wouldn't have eaten until
lunch time at the earliest but this morning she felt ravenous. Some of the pain
in her arse had eased but she found a new source of discomfort when she washed
her hands. There were blisters on her fingers. David found some cream. "They'll
go in a day or two when the skin hardens a bit."
"We're going on the top moor to see how the lambs are," David stated when
breakfast was over. "We can take the Jeep part way but its a goodly climb so
make sure you have enough socks to fill your boots properly." It was an
exhausting but exhilarating experience. The weather was bright but with a keen
strong wind. Combined with the soft boggy land, it made walking tiring but the
views from the top were fantastic. With the clear air they could see for miles.
Mo and Dring were in their element. They ran free most of the time but at
David's commands, quickly herded any sheep he wished to have a look at. Dring
even came to Elizabeth when she called him and licked her face before plonking
himself on her lap for the drive home. Mo though totally ignored her.
Elizabeth was thoroughly tired by the time she arrived back at the cottage. She
had complained bitterly during the climb to the moor but once at the top she
remained more or less silent. It seemed the wild grandeur had made an impression
even on her. Back in the cottage all she wanted to do was lie down and rest. Her
arse was also sore from the denim chafing; her feet were sore from the walking,
but no, she had to help cook dinner. Once it was all on the AGA David suggested,
"Okay, you've had a hard day for your first one, lets go over to Aaron's and
find some clothes for you to get comfortable in and when we come back and I'll
put salve on your arse and you can relax."
"Relax? Does that mean lying on my back with you on top fucking the hell out of
me?"
"Probably," David grinned.
Aaron and Dawn were eating when they arrived. Leaving their boots in the porch
they went inside without invitation. Dawn's eye still looked awful and was
painful. "I've phoned the doctor and have an appointment in the morning," Aaron
informed them. Dawn commented on the way Elizabeth walked in her thick socks,
"Been out for a long walk have we?" she quipped.
"Stoppit Sis," ordered David, "She's worked and walked well for her first day.
We've had a look at the stock on top moor."
"Oooh, taking her side now are we?" retorted his sister. Their banter was
interrupted by the phone. Aaron answered.
"Good evening Mrs. DeCoult.... Yes, we are getting along fine here. Do you wish
to speak with Elizabeth?" He handed her the phone. The others waited to see if
she would reveal what the situation really was.
"Good evening mother.... Yes, things are fine. We haven't quarreled yet and we
are not coming back early."
"You sound a little tired Elizabeth."
"Must be the country air mother."
"Don't overdo things then dear.
They talked trivialities for a short while until Elizabeth ended the
conversation by saying, "We have the neighbours in at the moment so I will call
you back tomorrow evening."
Aaron said, "Thank you, Elizabeth. I am glad we are not cutting our holiday
break but I will understand if you want to. It must be hell for you."
Just as Elizabeth opened her mouth to reply, David jumped in with, "Yes, but it
is all part of her continuing education!"




Chapter 4 Market day

Weather changed for the worse on the following day. Wet, windy and cold. David,
spent time in the barn shifting bales of hay. Elizabeth helped where she could
but she was really suffering with sore hands and feet and a bad back as well as
a sore arse. That evening David laid her naked on the settee and massaged her
back but probably nullified any good he may have done with the rubbing by
climbing on top of her afterwards and vigorously fucking her from the rear.
While Elizabeth did groan a bit she was fast becoming used to having his cock
inside her. Not having made up her mind what to tell her mother, she decided to
leave the phone call for another day.
Wednesday was market day and David wanted to see if there were any pigs he
fancied. Weather still wet and windy. "I suggest we go early and get a pair of
wellies that fit you Liz and a warmer coat, one that is suitable for the weather
here and not for a fashion show."
It was again only 5.30 a.m. Elizabeth, still sore from her beatings and from the
exertions of the previous two days, didn't want to move, let alone get up and go
to a farmer's market. "You're not really suggesting I go to a bloody cattle
market and buy pigs are you?" Her voice was bitter and full of resentment. She
was still tired and didn't want to get up at this early hour. Besides that she
could hear rain battering the window. "I'm tired of being your slave. Go on your
own and leave me to rest in peace. I don't want to go to a market where there
are other uncouth men. You just want to show off your new whore."
For some moments there was silence. "Is he going to spank me again?" she
thought. "Have I gone too far? Surely he won't force me to go to the market?" In
her heart though she knew he would - and she was right.
When David spoke his voice was low and menacing. "Did I just hear you ask for
the rest of your punishment with the crop? Or perhaps just a portion of it, say
another four strokes?"
"No, no David, please no. I can't take any more. But please don't take me where
there are other people when I can't dress properly. I'd be so embarrassed."
"Okay, four more strokes tonight when we get back. Being embarrassed is the
least of your worries. While you're here you'll do what I say or suffer the
consequences. I am certainly not asking you to do anything unreasonable. I'd
give you the thrashing now except you wouldn't walk too well afterwards and that
might be really embarrassing for both of us."
"If I behave myself will you let me off?"
"I doubt it," David replied, "If I let you off this time, then you will expect
me to again. No, I'll keep my word."
"Bastard." It was followed by another yelp as David's hand slapped her arse yet
again.
"Enough of this nonsense. Time for my morning fuck and then we'll get dressed."
Reluctantly Elizabeth opened her legs and allowed him to enter. David was too
annoyed with her to bother giving her pleasure. He rammed away until he came and
then climbed further along her body. Holding his sticky prick close to her
mouth, he ordered her to suck him clean. Elizabeth closed her mouth tightly
until the nipple of her right breast was painfully squeezed between a strong
finger in thumb. As she cried out so David's cock went in. Her first thought was
to bite but she knew that would result in even more punishment. She tried to
pull back but with her head on the pillow it wasn't possible.
"I'll just leave it there and do nothing," she thought to herself but David had
other ideas. Rubbing it first on her tongue and then the roof of her mouth, he
removed most of the stickiness and then commanded her to suck. Her left nipple
suffered when she hesitated. Elizabeth sucked, not with any great power but
enough to satisfy David.
"Haven't you given anyone a blowjob before?"
"No, my other boyfriends have treated me with respect but they weren't common
farm workers."
"Well while your living as a common farm worker's slut, you'll have to learn to
like it! Now get ready. We'll have breakfast before we go and its time you did
some cooking."
Anger seethed within her but Elizabeth kept it in check. Her arse was sore
enough and if she behaved herself he might forget about the whipping tonight.
Perhaps she might be able to escape while he was at the market. Her purse and
credit cards were still at Aaron's so she would have to get them first.
Breakfast over she started to walk to Aaron's, "I'm just getting my purse," she
called back.
"You won't need it. I've money enough for the pigs!"
"But I may want to buy some women's stuff." David decided to let her go.
Dring again sat on Elizabeth's lap and she fondled his ears as they drove along
the winding country lanes. At least Dring didn't treat her as an inferior. With
the sky now brightening, the forecast of a dry morning seemed to be correct.
The cattle market was at one end of the town with a service lane separated from
the main road into town by a couple of fields. Always on a Wednesday there was a
good crowd of people most of whom knew each other. All were either bringing
animals for sale, buying them or just seeing how the market sales went. It was a
get together day not just for humans but their dogs too. Mo and Dring tagged
along behind their owner. Elizabeth was introduced as a guest from London who
was spending a week on the farm. This was largely accepted albeit with some good
humoured if somewhat raucous comments and suggestions as to the work she might
be doing. Much of the humour faded when Di Jones asked, "Is she the one that cut
Dawn's face and blacked her eye?" Di had been in the doctor's when Dawn was
there the previous day. Finding he was correct he added, "I hope you are making
sure the bitch pays for that!" Di turned and spat on the ground. Dawn was well
liked.
"That's why she is doing Dawn's work" countered David.
Knowing it would be an a hour or so before the pigs sale commenced, David took
Lizzie to the shops and bought a pair of wellington boots and then looked for a
warm coat. Elizabeth spotted a bright red anorak. It was waterproof and warm but
not the subdued colour David would have chosen. "Well I can still wear it when I
get back home," Elizabeth argued. In the end they bought it. Dumping her own
coat in the Landrover she put on her new bright anorak. Again it caused some
snide remarks when they returned to the market but Elizabeth ignored them. At
least she was getting some attention. A few other women were around, mostly in
the horse section but she definitely stood out.
For a while Elizabeth quietly trailed David as he visited each pen of pigs. She
could hardly bear the smell but forced herself, all the while looking for an
escape route. As the first lot of pigs came up for auction, David paid less and
less attention to her. By the third lot, he was bidding and Elizabeth saw her
chance. The main road was two fields away separated from the market by three
stone walls. Pallets from a market trader were stacked against the nearest on so
it would be easy to get over and then while everyone was engrossed in the
bidding, she could make it to the road and into town and get a bus. There was
only one problem. Being a townie she hadn't checked the field was empty. It
wasn't!
Three quarters of the way across she saw it. A bull. A large bull. She stopped.
It stopped and stared at her. It stamped its feet. Elizabeth was scared. She
didn't know whether to run or stay still. The bull came towards her. Should she
run forwards or back the way she came? The wall forwards was nearer but the bull
was closer to that too. Hesitantly she started to trot forward. Almost mimicking
her movements the bull came forward too. Elizabeth started running, the bull
picked up speed.
Di Jones didn't keep pigs so he stood outside the beer tent, glass in hand and
chatted with some of his cronies. The girl in the bright red anorak caught their
attention. What was she doing behind those stalls? For a while she was obscured
from view by a parked horse box then they spotted her again walking along the
foot of the wall until she again was hidden by a couple of parked lorries. She
appeared a few seconds later, looked around rather furtively and then climbed on
the pallets and was over the wall.
"Get Davy quick!" Di spoke to a younger lad beside him. As one the others moved
to the wall and peered over.
Elizabeth heard some shouting but couldn't make out the words. In any case some
were in the Welsh language. By now she was shaking with fear. The bull was
coming at her with increasing speed. She would never reach the wall. Should she
stop and try to dodge the beast? Well she couldn't run much further anyway. If
only her heart would stop thumping and her sore arse muscles didn't help.
Woof! Woof! Mo and Dring dashed between her and the bull. Bravely they nipped
and snapped at the bull's flying ankles. It hesitated. Elizabeth started back
towards the market but the bull had other ideas and was now increasingly annoyed
at the dogs. He lowered his head and charged at them. They jumped out of the
way. Sliding to a halt he turned and focused his attention on the red anorak now
running. Again he charged, the dogs still barking and nipping. Only at the last
moment did their sharp teeth have the desired effect and yards short of
Elizabeth he bellowed and suddenly turned on Dring. Although he was quick, the
brave dog was unable to avoid the tip of one horn catching his under belly and
tossing him high in the air. He landed with an ominous thud and didn't move.
Four more dogs and men appeared and the snorting bull eventually retreated to
the far corner of the field.
Crying bitterly, Elizabeth went to Dring. His eyes were closed. David arrived a
second or two later and gently picked up his dog. His eyes too were filled with
tears. Blood streamed from Dring's stomach. Dring hardly moved except briefly to
open one eye. All cattle markets had a vet on duty, today it was Roger
Hargreaves. Having seen the action, he was ready when David arrived. His
examination was quick but thorough.
"I'm sorry, David, there isn't much hope. There are many broken bones and I can
only guess what injuries there are to his internal organs. The only kind thing
to do is for me to end his suffering."
"Oh, no, Dawn will kill me."
Elizabeth blanched when she heard this. Dring belonged to Dawn. That would
increase her hatred to her. Still sobbing she again and again said how sorry she
was but David roughly told her to shut up, while he considered his decision. In
his heart though, he knew there could be only one choice although he would
rather have had Dawn make it.
"Is there really nothing you can do, Roger?"
"Sorry, David, even if he was in my surgery I doubt if I could do anything for
him. Out here in the caravan, there is no chance." However, in the end David was
spared the decision. Dring died on the table. "All I can say David, is he was a
very brave dog." Turning to Elizabeth he went on, "Had it not been for him, you
could have been in a similar state on the mortuary table. Remember that when you
get home. That bull has one of the fieriest tempers of any bull I know. I don't
go near it unless it is well fastened down. However, it is a good stud, which is
why he is still alive."
The vet and David wrapped Dring in a plastic sheet and took him to the
Landrover. All the locals they passed gave David their commiseration's but gave
Elizabeth very short shrift. To farmers, the loss of the dog was of more concern
than the loss of the townie woman would have been. Several made that very clear
to her.
Before setting off, David in a voice low with emotion, said "Lizzie, I guess you
know what to expect if you come home with me. I'm going for a piss. If you're
still around when I come back I will take it as now you agree to pay back some
of the guilt for the loss of Dring. If though you are not brave enough for that,
then walk along the road to the shops and continue on to the bus station. I'll
know if you're not here which choice you have made."
Elizabeth decided she needed to pee too so went to the Ladies which was a
separate building from the Gents. As usual there was a queue and even though she
hurried, David was not in sight when she came out.
"I knew the bitch would disappear," muttered David as he started the engine of
the Landrover. Di Jones stopped him at the entrance to the car park. "You're not
taking the snooty red coat back with yer then?" Di was always after the latest
bit of gossip. He went on to give his opinion of the woman and eventually as
David wanted to pull away, suggested it was good riddens to bad rubbish. Both
men were astonished to see Elizabeth, still with tears running down her face,
running towards them waving her arms to catch their attention. David drove to
her and she jumped in. Neither spoke for the whole journey home.




Chapter 5. Retribution

Donald Reagan had been a reporter for the Mid Wales Farmers Weekly for many
years and always covered the dealings done at the various cattle markets in the
area. Usually they resulted in a few column centimetres of text in the paper
giving the main details of prices paid. Occasionally the paper would use a
photograph of a particularly fine animal or one that made a high price so he
always carried a camera even if it wasn't used too often. Today though would be
different. He had a story that would make the parent paper, The Mid Wales
Gazette that would be sent out that evening. For once he was on the scene at the
right time and with the right equipment. He photographically captured the two
dogs holding the bull at bay. He captured the fright on Elizabeth's face. He
captured Dring as he hung on the bull's horn. All the terrible details were on
film. Di Jones supplied the 'facts' so he was able to piece together a very
readable if not too factual story to go with the pictures.
It didn't take long for his editor to find out Elizabeth's surname was DeCoult
and to learn she came from a well known family in London. He wired the story
through to their sister paper the North London Gazette. Both papers printed it
in their evening editions.
*****
Heavy rain had arrived by the time the pair arrived home. They were still not
speaking. Elizabeth tried saying sorry several times but David ignored her. Even
Mo was depressed and slunk down by the stove. Dring's body was placed in an
outhouse to await Dawn's decision on where to bury it. David filled the kettle.
"Bang, bang, bang." The iron door knocker resounded through the kitchen. Two
hikers stood at the door. David, still in a bad mood, said, "The right of way is
over there and Llan...."
"We know where we are," the woman said, "We've just come over the hill there and
found one of your lambs has its foot in a baked beans can and cannot get it out.
We tried but the lid is biting into its leg. Its bleeding quite a lot. Is it one
of yours?"
"That's all I need," muttered David, louder he said, "Yes, thanks for telling
me. Where exactly is it." They told him as near as they could. He thanked them
and apologised for not being able to offer them tea but he knew he had to get to
the lamb quickly and he would have to take the bitch with him otherwise who
knows what she might do.
"Get your coat on again. This weather will test its waterproofness." Elizabeth
had heard the story and knew why they had to go immediately. Mo was reluctant to
move but a gentle tap from David's boot got him moving. Even so he didn't run
with his usual vigour and definitely missed his mate. It took them half an hour
of hard walking to reach the lamb. Seeing he couldn't do anything in the field,
David shouldered the frightened lamb and they made their way back to the house.
Outside stood a BBC TV van. Seeing them approach the camera man lowered the
window and started filming. Glynis Mehan, a presenter they recognised form her
appearances on the news programs, jumped out and asked about the bull story.
"Come in the dry. I must deal with this lamb first." To the camera man he said,
"This is what you should be filming. The perils of tourists leaving litter."
"Get the blanket from the workroom, Lizzie and spread it on the kitchen table."
Elizabeth did so. "Now get a tin opener. Okay now hold the lamb still while I
cut the lid off."
Rain water dripping from her hair somewhat disguised the tears running down her
cheeks as she tried to hold the lamb still. Although small the animal proved
quite strong and it took all Elizabeth's strength to hold it. David removed the
remains of the tin lid. It was a delicate operations as he had to allow the
opener to move round the tin, without the tin moving. Quite the opposite to the
normal operation. Fortunately the cut went very obliquely into the foot so
although it was over an inch long, it didn't penetrate far below the skin. It
left a U-shaped flap of skin that David was able to bandage back.
Dawn and Aaron entered while he performed the bandaging. They had seen the TV
van on their return from a day out at Aberystwyth. It was only when Glynis
started to question them about the bull they learned of the death of Dring. Dawn
went pale and then burst into tears. "No! No!" she cried, "He can't be dead!"
Aaron held her tightly, knowing full well that if he didn't she might do
something to Elizabeth that would be caught by the camera and broadcast. Even so
and with a lot of editing, it made a very emotional five minutes spot on
national news.
Once the TV crew had left and the lamb put in a pen in the barn, they all sat
down. David had to relate the full story. Anger, full livid anger filled Dawn's
mind. She had raised Dring from a puppy, trained him, loved him and now because
of this stupid girl's foolishness, he was dead. She should have died. The world
would not have mourned her. Grief, sorrow and hatred all combined as she flew
into a verbal assault on Elizabeth. Again, it was only Aaron holding her that
prevented a physical attack on Elizabeth.
When able to get a word in, Elizabeth spoke quietly but with great feeling in
her voice. "Dawn, I cannot tell you how much I wish I could turn back the clock.
I too liked Dring and would not for the world have done him any harm. You might
not believe that but its true. I have no idea when I started across that field
there would be any danger. Dring saved my life I know, and in many ways I wish
he hadn't. So many at the market told me the dog was worth far more that I am.
Again, perhaps they are right. Davy gave me a choice when he left the market.
Either I could get the bus home or come back here and take my punishment. It was
to be a further eight strokes of the riding crop. Perhaps I deserve more for
what happened but I don't know if I could take more but Dawn. If Davy agrees,
perhaps you should carry out the punishment instead of him."
Aaron stepped in. "Elizabeth, do you know what you are asking. With Dawn as
upset as she is, she wouldn't spare you."
"No, I wouldn't spare her. She deserves all she gets. After all Dring gave his
life. She is only going to get a few stripes that will disappear in a week or
two. After what she did to me, and you can all still see the results of that,
now getting Dring killed I would love to paste her hide. Will you let me do it
David?"
"Dawn, I really don't think you are in a fit state of mind to punish anyone. You
just want to take out your vengeance on her. If you are to do it, wait until the
morning."
"No!" Elizabeth spoke sharply, "Which ever of you is to do it, do it now. Get it
over with. I know Dawn is out for my blood but," and she said this hesitantly,
"the offer is still open." Davy reluctantly nodded his agreement.
"It's okay Davy, you can get your cock away afterwards if you wish. And I will
try and calm myself and not inflict any permanent damage although I don't really
see why she shouldn't have a few scars as a reminder for the rest of her life."
"Go to the bedroom, and undress ready for me," Dawn ordered. She gave her a few
minutes and then, crop in hand, entered the bedroom. Elizabeth was shaking. Not
that reality had come she didn't know if she could go through with it. She had
only half undressed.
For a second time that week, the chair was placed under the doorknob. "Get
undressed," Dawn ordered in a calmer voice that she used for her earlier
arguments. "Were you tied down last time?" Elizabeth nodded. "Then I had better
do the same. Get into position." Seeing her arse still showed the earlier
stripes overlaid with reddening from spankings, Dawn remarked, "Lizzie, it does
seem as if it takes a lot for you to learn. Perhaps this will help. One thing
that really is in your favour is you came back and didn't run away. I think that
surprised everyone. It took a lot of courage. This won't you'll have to take the
thrashing and you now have no choice." With those words she viciously brought
the crop down. It left a very vivid stripe and brought forth a tremendous cry.
Without a pause Dawn struck again and then again. There was no nicety of trying
for parallel stripes. Dawn just brought the crop down on any part of the rump
that seemed available. Some strokes crossed and raised blisters. Dawn didn't
care, the girl would have to take them. Vaguely she heard the phone ring.
"Hello Mrs DeCoult.... Yes Elizabeth is here but she won't be available for a
while. Oh they broadcast the interview in London. Yes, that is your daughter
screaming. Well if you saw the broadcast you might understand why. I will get
her to call you later on more likely in the morning. You'll send for the police?
I don't think that would be a good idea after the way you have tried to trick
Aaron. Your daughter may be a little sore but you could end up in jail."
"That's the eight you expected," Dawn stated, "but I gather they were only for
misbehavior and four were for before you went to the market."
"Dawn, please, please, I beg you, no more. I've learned my lesson. I really
have."
"Have you? We'll see." She emphasised the point with a ninth stroke. "Why did
you come here? We know it was to get at Aaron's money. Did you expect him to
marry you? And then for you to clean up with a divorce or what?"
No answer. Whap! No answer. Whap!
"Alright, no more please. I'll tell you."
"I want the whole truth this time Lizzie." Lizzie told of the plan. How her
father was nearly bankrupt and only if Aaron and his father's company invested
in his firm would he be saved from liquidation. They thought if I could marry
Aaron, he wouldn't sell to Savron's who would then put us out of business."
Whap! "It's the truth. Please believe me. No more please Dawn."
"I just gave you the last one to make it unlucky 13." Elizabeth just lay sobbing
and still screaming with the pain, when the ties were removed. She tried to
touch her arse but didn't dare. In her mind she just knew it was a bloody mess.
In reality, it was a large very painful area but only where two cuts crossed was
there any blood.
A knock on the bedroom door, "Is everything okay in there?"
"Yes, we'll be out in a minute." For the first time Dawn looked and the girl
with some pity. She looked at the state of her arse and wondered what possessed
her to beat another like that. It wasn't like her to be cruel. Perhaps Elizabeth
deserved punishing but she really had gone too far. "Lizzie, Lay there for a bit
until the fire goes down a bit and then I'll help you to the bathroom and we'll
see if we can soothe it more. I am sorry I hit you so hard but the loss of a dog
is almost more unbearable than the loss of a relative. A dog is a constant
companion, a relative is someone you see on occasions. I know you didn't intend
Dring to die but he did. Thrashing you hasn't brought him back or eased my
pain." Dawn broke down too and sobbed.
Ten minutes later, the sobbing pair emerged holding each other and headed for
the bathroom. Aaron and David saw the state of Elizabeth's rear and wondered how
she took such a beating without passing out. "She must be tougher than I
thought," Aaron remarked.
Dawn had Elizabeth bend over and hold the sides of the bath while she applied
cold wet towels. She didn't dare touch the flesh to apply cream. From the
medicine cabinet she opened a box of analgesic tablets David had prescribed to
kill the pain after a fall had cracked a couple of ribs. They helped but it was
fully half an hour before she felt Elizabeth was able to walk into the room.
"Shall I get a dressing gown for you, Lizzie?" she asked. Elizabeth nodded.
Later, when they had eaten or picked at some food, Dawn told them the reason why
Elizabeth was here. Aaron laughed. "The ruse was too late. Had your father kept
up with developments he would have known I sold all my shares to Savron's for a
very good price several days before we left. The offer they made for father's
was less because once they had mine they had a controlling interest but still
the offer for his shares was a good one and I expect he has sold by now. If what
Elizabeth says is true, your family could be bankrupt by now or at least in the
very near future. Sorry I didn't know they were that insolvent."
"Your father phoned while you and Dawn were in the bedroom," David announced,
"They've seen the broadcast of the event and heard your screaming so they sortta
know things are here so we don't have to worry about keeping secrets from them.
You have to phone them Lizzie either now or in the morning."
Dawn and Aaron left soon after. David lifted Elizabeth's dressing gown to see
just how bad the thrashing had been. As he suspected it was worse than he would
have given her. Lizzie thought he wanted to fuck her and began to plead that she
wouldn't be able to take it for a while.
"Lizzie, I can see that but while that hole is out of action, we'll have to
concentrate on a blow jobs." A groan escaped Elizabeth's lips. "I hope that
wasn't a sign of refusal because you know what that means." Elizabeth nodded.
It was a very restless night for both of them. Elizabeth couldn't find a spot to
get comfort from the pain and kept seeing Dring on the bull's horns. David also
grieved for the loss of the dog and Lizzie's moving about didn't help. In the
early hours of the morning he got up and treated her arse again and prescribed
another two tablets. The welts were really deep and fiery but she cried out when
he tried to apply a cream. Morning came and he had his usual hard on. He showed
it to her. She knew what he wanted. She would have to do it. She couldn't take
even a small swat with his hand. An idea came. Why shouldn't she get some
pleasure from it too? She hadn't done it that way since a girl in college
seduced her.
"I'll do it to you, if you'll do it to me." At first David was puzzled and then
realized what she wanted. He lay face up on the bed while she slowly climbed on
top of him. Carefully parting her thighs he kissed her cunt and started to
tongue the opening. Elizabeth for her part held his cock for a while and just
massaged the shaft before putting her mouth over the head. Gradually as David's
ministrations built her towards a climax, so she allowed the cock deeper into
her mouth. After having tasted his sperm the previous day and deciding any
humiliation was preferable to a spanking, she kept working on it knowing he was
about to come. It did and she swallowed. David was still working on her so she
left it there until her climax came and she shuddered with release.
David brought the lamb into the kitchen, made up a bottle of special milk and
gave it to Lizzie to feed. She would have liked to cuddled it on her lap but had
to be content to stand by the table and hold it close. Sitting was still a
no-no.
Dawn and Aaron came by. Dawn was obviously sad and her face fell further when
she saw the pain Elizabeth was in as she fed the lamb. Guilt overwhelmed her.
"Oh, Liz, I am so sorry. I really got carried away. Have you put anything on
it?" Finding she couldn't take cream she offered to use some lotion she had.
Elizabeth lay on the bed. She was getting used to showing her arse.
"Oh my God, Liz. I can't believe I did this to you. I'm sorry."
"I guess I deserved it after what I did."
Dawn very gently applied the lotion. It felt cool and cold. Dawn noticed the
swollen labia. Surely David hadn't forced fucked her this morning? "Is David
behaving himself?" she enquired.
Elizabeth knew why she asked. "Very well. Very well indeed!" Elizabeth replied
leaving Dawn to wonder exactly what she meant.
"Lay there and let it soak in. I've got to decide on a plot for Dring's burial.
The 'funeral' was a sombre affair which brought more tears from both Dawn and
Elizabeth. Afterwards life had to go on and there are always things that must be
attended to on a farm. Knowing Lizzie wouldn't be of any help except for feeding
the lamb, Dawn helped her brother. Aaron pottered in his cottage for a while and
then came and stayed with Elizabeth.
"Have you phoned home yet? My parents are furious."
"I keep putting it off but. I'll do it now. You might as well stay and hear it.
There's an extension in the bedroom."
Her parents to were furious. To put it mildly. The receivers had been called in
and as they had used the house as collateral for the business it would have to
be sold as would all their possessions. They of course blamed her and even
suggested she had done it deliberately because her things were not included in
the business and she would be able to keep them. However, neither she nor they
would have a home in a few weeks.
"What will I do?" she tearfully asked Aaron. "I don't have a job, no money to
speak of and no place to go."
The decided to discus the matter with Dawn and David that evening.
*****
Aaron started with an announcement. "Dawn and I went into town this afternoon
and I bought her an engagement ring. She has agreed to marry me. Although I am
no longer a junior partner in my father's firm, I earned enough from the stocks
I sold and can get enough other work to keep her. We will live in my cottage."
Dawn showed the ring on her finger. It was neat but not glitzy. Nor was it
expensive but it was one of the best the country town jewellers had in stock.
Lizzie was more of a problem. David agreed to let her stay on until she was fit
enough to go back to London. He didn't mention she would have to be his 'wife'
until then but they all knew it was implied. After that she would be on her own.
She would have to fend for herself.
Aaron extended his stay until Elizabeth was able to sit without too much
discomfort and took her back to London. Her parents were still in the house but
had been given notice to quit in two weeks. They gave her a very stormy
reception and just wouldn't agree she couldn't have prevented it or that Aaron
had sold out before she went away with him. Two days later she went to Aaron and
asked if she could stay at his house until she found somewhere. Much to his
parent's disgust, he agreed to her having the spare room.
A week later as Aaron was deciding to move his stuff to Wales she asked if he
would take her too.
"Do you know what you are asking? I don't think Dawn will want you in with us
and do you think David will want you except for one thing. Sex. Will that be
enough. You were a bit of a liability on the farm."
"Aaron, I think I will have to take that risk. Please don't mention it when you
talk to Dawn. I want don't want Davy to think about it. Then he won't weigh up
all the bad things about me. Perhaps he will accept me as I am now."
*****
Dawn was at Aaron's when they arrived. She was astounded at Elizabeth's arrival
but quietened when was told of Lizzie's plan.
David was on the high moor. The day was dull, grey but dry. Mo still followed
him but still missed his companion and it was more difficult to work sheep with
only one dog. David too missed his companion but for different reasons. She
might have been a pain in the butt but he missed her, not just for the sex but
just having her around. Now Dawn had moved out, the house seemed lonely. He'd
have to find another girl friend soon. Immediately on opening the backdoor he
knew something was strange. Mo immediately rushed to the bedroom and barked. On
the stove a hot stew was gently cooking (Dawn had helped with that) and places
were laid for two. David followed Mo. Lizzie lay on the bed, naked and with legs
spread invitingly.
*****
Nearly a year later, both couples were married on the same day at the same
ceremony in the local church. Elizabeth slowly became used to farm life and farm
ways although not without some traumatic days but none that came close to the
bull day as it became known. Both girls bought border collie puppies from the
same litter and trained them together. It was these training sessions that
finally convinced Elizabeth to give up all thoughts of returning to London. They
also brought the girls into close contact with each other and they grew to be
friends.

Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





