BDSM Library - The Capture Of Fuck Toy




The Capture Of Fuck Toy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I met a girl while jogging and I just had to have her.  So I kidnapped her and used and abused her.
The Capture						Chapter 1

	I was jogging as I often did when a girl passed me going the other way.  I was
shocked at how great she looked.  She was tall and thin with her hips full and
her breast were unbelievable.  I watched as she passed and I was grateful for
the view of those bouncy tits.  They were magnificent.  I just can't tell you
how good she looked.  Well to go on, I decided to jog again the next day at the
same time and again, there came those bouncing tits with the beautiful body to
go with it.  I  decided to say hi but she ignored me and went on with her jog. 
I kept jogging about the same time for the next week and each time I saw her and
I was more brazen and tried to stop her to say hi.  I jogged with her for quite
a long time talking with her but she just kept on ignoring me.  I was getting
pretty fed up with being ignored and I began a different tactic.  I decided to
buy some flowers and give them to her.  I was doing all in my power to meet this
beautiful girl.  I handed her the flowers and she just took them and then threw
them in the woods and told me to get the fuck away from her and to stay away
from her. 

	I was somewhat taken aback because I am a very good looking man and I have no
problems getting the girls I want.  They seem to be begging to be with me and
some actually do.  Well, I was shocked at the least but I left her there and
went the other way.  The more I thought about her the more angry I got. Larry I
said to myself  I will teach her.  I will get her to beg me to fuck her.  Yea, 
that is what I will do. 

	Well, I had in mind what I wanted to do but I had no idea how to do it. 

	I went for weeks before somebody I knew gave me the idea.  Jack a friend of
mine works with animal vets and mostly wild animals.  He was over one day and
was telling me about his day at work where he had to put this wild cougar to
sleep so the vet could work on his teeth.  Something clicked and I started
asking about the procedure and how he knew how much to give.  He came off
telling me all I needed to know about the drug and then I needed to know where
to get it.  He told me that since I was so interested in wild animal treatment
that maybe I should come to the office and see for myself how it is done and
talk to the vet if I wanted.  I said sure.  When can I stop by.  He said
tomorrow and I said I would be there.

	I could not wait for tomorrow but when I got there I held my cool and acted
like I was just interested in how they administer the injection and how they
capture the animal.  Small talk as far as the vet was concerned but real
important to me.  By being patient I acquired the name of the drug and how to
use it.  It is called acepromazine and it is injected.  Great.  By pure luck, I
was left alone in the office where he kept the vials and needles.  I am sorry
but I stole some.  I stayed around for a little while and then told Jack bye and
told the vet I appreciate the information and left. 

	I went out jogging the next day and found a nice secluded little place for me
to abduct her. It was nicely hidden by pine trees and my car could be parked not
far away.

	I went out jogging again the next day but for another reason.  I hid behind a
nice pine tree and waited.  I was beginning to believe that she was not jogging
that day when she turned the corner and jogged up in my view.  She was all alone
and I was going to change that. 

	I started shaking, my heart pounding.  Could I really do this?

	As she jogged passed me I jumped out and put the needle in her arm and pressed. 
She gave me a look of anger, then of fright.  Then she dropped.  I had done it. 
I picked her up and quickly carried her to my waiting car.  I placed her in the
trunk and quickly tied her up and gagged her loosely.  I then drove to my house
in the woods.  I opened up the truck and found my new toy still asleep.  I
carried her into the basement very carefully, so as not to wake her.  I then
took all her clothes off.  I looked around my new redecorated basement for just
the right place for her to wake up.  I believe I will put her on the table. 
Yes, that will be good.  I had bought a small table that was just over her waist
high.  That would be perfect.  I took her and carefully placed her leaning over
the table.  I then took and tied her arms behind her back.  Then I placed blocks
under her feet so that she would be at the right height.  Then I opened up the
arm that folded out.  It opened perfectly between her legs.  I then chained her
legs down to the table loosely.  She had about five inches that she could move
either leg.  Not enough to get off the arm of the table but enough that she
could step up on her toes or down on her feet. 

	I found myself hungry so I went upstairs to grab a snack.  My work for the
morning was exhausting.  Ha Ha. 




Fuck Toy Wakes Up					Chapter 2

	I went back down just in time to see my new slave waking up.  She yawned and
tried to stretch.  When she could not stretch, her eyes opened wide and she
screamed.  She tried to move but found it very limited.  She just kept
screaming. 

	I went over to her and lifted her head for her to see me.  I told her that she
should have accepted the flowers.  She yelled and told me to let her go.  Then
she again screamed "You bastard let me go."  Oh, such talk from such a good
looking fuck toy.  You are going to have to pay for that remark.  I think that
twenty smacks should do it.  What do you mean twenty smacks? I mean just what I
said.  That I believe that your rounded ass should have to pay for you naughty
mouth by being smacked twenty times.  Is that real hard for you to understand. 
You aren't really going to smack my ass are you?:    Of course I am.  As a
matter of fact I have a lot of pretty good toys to accomplish that task and the
one I will start with is called a paddle.  You of course have heard of that. 
No, no don't do that.  That will hurt.  Let me do something nice for you.  I
will suck on your cock and then you can let me go.  OK?  No,  that will not do. 
I know that you need to be punished and I have taken on that job and I want to
do the best that I can do.  Besides you are going to suck my cock anyway when I
want.  No, I wont.  First of all, I am going to start your punishment for your
foul mouth and then if I decide to let you talk we can discuss you sucking on my
cock.  Now,  first I want to pull your hair into a nice ponytail so that I can
pull your head back in a nice cock sucking position.  OK, now you like your
titties softly resting on that table.  Well, you may not for long.  Under your
beautiful tits glued to the top of the table is a nice piece of sandpaper.  Now
don't fret.  It is a smooth grade of sandpaper but will make it appearance known
to those nice tits before long.  You pussy and your clit are seated on a fold
out arm that is also covered with sandpaper.  Of course, I lifted up your feet
with blocks to keep you off of it till I was ready.  Ready, I said as I pulled
the blocks out.  She fell very hard on the arm and let out a screech.  Guess you
weren't ready for me to pull the blocks out yet.  Sorry about that.  She was up
on her toes to keep her privates off the rough and somewhat pointed surface. She
knew by this time I was very serious and she began to bed.  Please, I will do
anything you want just don't do this.  Five with the paddle comes first. Now
this paddle is very special.  Of course, I have picked all my toys out
especially for you, but this paddle has some studs on the end so to make it so
much more fun.  I will believe that you will agree with me once you experience
it.  Smack, ouch she screamed.  No no more please.  Smack, scream, smack and
more screaming.  I continued with the other two and she was crying and screaming
nicely.  Very nice coloration my dear.  Next we are going to experiment with the
flogger.  Yes,  It also is very special and bought especially for you.  This
flogger is called a barbed wire flogger.  It is not made of wire though.  It is
barbed with rubber.  Of course, I think you will think it is wire when it is
done being used.  Get ready.  I came down hard on her reddish ass and the sound
was so much different and the marked it left was great.  The scream she made was
of course what I was hoping for.  Yes, I can definitely say this is painful
pleasure.  Painful for her and pleasure for me.  I came down on her ass the last
of five times and she still was screaming.  Well, how did you like your new toy. 
Was it as good for you as it was for me?  Please, pleeeaase let me go.  I am in
so much pain.  Pleasseee.  Well, lets see now, I have tried out the slapper and
that was fun, then the flogger and that was even more fun.  I wonder what you
are going to think of the cane.  Lets see now, you still have ten more to go and
the cane will take up five more.  Ok, as I came down with the cane I thought
that she was going to pass out.  She screamed and screamed and I took careful
aim and came down again.  She kept up a steady stream of screaming during the
process and I kept up my enjoyment which in turn kept up my cock.  I  told her
that all this play is giving me a nice hard cock for her.  Don't you like that? 
She just kept crying.  I kept the whip for last because it is I think my
favorite.  Hope it will be your favorite too.  I brought the whip down on her
ass and it hit with bitter flavored pain.  Yep,  she definitely was enjoying
that.  Her screaming was even more intense.  I started to come down on her ass
again but decided to see what happened when I hit her sides.  She went nuts. 
The screech that came out of her mouth was just exquisite.   Yea, gotta do that
again.  So I hit the other side.  Yep, great.  Then I sent the last two on her
thighs.  The squeals that came from those two were great too.  I just gotta do
this again. 




Fuck Toy Learns the Rules					Chapter 3

	Well, now do you think that you will have a foul mouth again my little fuck
toy?  She looked up at me and still crying said no.then pleassee let me go.  I
am so sorry, I will fuck you or suck your cock and I will never tell anyone. 

	I walked away from her to let her calm down for a few minutes.  It took longer
than I expected but I was patient. 

	Now, I am going to tell you the rules and you had better listen real good.  I
am only going to tell you once so I hope you are a good listener. 

	#1.  You are to speak only when I ask you a question.

	#2.  You are to call me master

	#3.  You are to do anything that I tell you instantly

	Do you understand these few rules. 

	Yes.

	I brought the whip down on her back and said yes what?

	Yes master...

	Very good.  Now if I think of any other rules I will tell you.

	Now open that mouth and give me some good head.  I have such a hard on.  All
this work has been rough on me.  I want you to bring your body to me and suck my
cock.  She again screamed when she tried to move.  The sandpaper had done a good
job and she was sore in more places than where I had hit here.  But she moved
forward and took my cock into her mouth.  I shoved it into her mouth and she
slid her body back as far as she could to let it come out. Then she again moved
her body forward and sucked on it again.  The tears were coming out of her eyes
and I knew that she was really in pain so I decided to help her out.  I grabbed
her head and pulled her forward onto my cock and pushed her back and forward.  I
kept up this for quite a long time and finally I started fucking her mouth and
down into her throat.  I came down her throat and left it there till I had
softened up.  She started to pass out so I finally pulled out. 

	Gosh that was great, fuck toy. 




Fuck Toy gets Jewelry					Chapter 4

	OK, now I am going to untie your wrists so that you can use the shower.  First
off I want to put a new piece of jewelry on you.  It is yours to keep.  It is
your brand new collar.  I hope you like it.  I put her collar on and connected a
long leash to it.  Then I took the chains from the table and connected them
together so that she could only move her feet about ten inches.  I then untied
her arms and told her to go take a shower and I would come in to make sure she
was in and to give her some loving care. 




Fuck Toy Gets Bathed Inside and Out			Chapter 5	

	I had turned all the hot water off at the shut off valve so all she had was
cold water. 

	The leash was just long enough and she was in the shower when I appeared.  Her
nipples that were beaded with pin prick blood blisters were rock hard.  They
sure were beautiful and I knew that I wanted to play with them for a long time. 
I watched as she took her shower and then I told her to get on her knees in the
shower.  I had purchased some suction cup cuffs and placed them where I wanted
them on the shower floor.  They worked great.  Then I picked up the hose and
told her that I wanted my fuck toy clean outside and inside.  That I was going
to make sure she was very clean.  She started to say something but refrained. 
She just bent her head and her nails were biting into the palms of her hands.  I
took the hose and shoved it up her pussy as far as I could get it.  She
screamed.  I then turned on the water as hard as I could.  Again she screamed. 
I let it in there for a few minutes and then I shut off the water and jerked it
out.  Then I rammed it in her pert little ass hole as far as I could get it
again.  I let the water run for about three minutes and she was crying.  Then I
told her that I could not get all the shit out of her but I am sure that if she
keeps the water in for awhile it will soften up and come out nicely.  I then
filled her ass up as much as I could and then rammed a butt plug in.  Again she
let out a scream. 



	I told her that I would be back when I thought that she would be done and I
left the room. She could not do anything but stay there with that water up her
ass and a butt plug to hold in.  She was really crying when I came back about
thirty minutes later.  Well, lets see if you are ready. I jerked the plug out
and let her extinguish her inner shit.  She squashed out more shit and I decided
that she was not clean enough yet.  I again put the hose up her ass and jammed
the plug in.  She looked at me with her sweetest look of sympathy and begged me
not to do that again.  I just looked up at her and with my sweetest voice I told
her that her outburst would cost her five.  She again started crying and I
walked out of the room.  When I went back this time she was clean.

I brought her shivering body out into the play area and looked her over.  Yes,
her tits were still showing signed of being shall I say, sanded.  Her nipple was
very raw.  I then told her to bend over and I looked at her cunt.  Yes, it was
fiery red.  Her butt still showed signs of her spanking.  Well, I said,  you do
look like you should have taken the flowers.  I have never gotten into B&D
before but with your smug answer of throwing away the flowers I got for you, I
got a little angry with you.  Now for the five wacks you have coming.  I decided
that I would let you pick out the instrument and where you want the wacks.  Now
I can not be more fair than that.  OK on the table there you will find many
different instruments.  Pick one out and bring it to me.  She did as I said and
picked out a small whip.  I gave her limited choices.  Now I said you can have
me give you five on the tits or the clit.  She looked up at me and told me the
tits I guess. Well, that just got you five more.  What do you call me?  Master, 
I am sorry master,  please don't give me five more I am so sore.  Ok,  I will
not give you five more if you can place this dildo up your ass in five minutes. 
It was a huge dildo.  It was almost four inches in diameter.  Master, I can not
get that up my ass. Please let me do something else for you.  No, you have your
choices.  Now you pick.  I guess I will take the other five master.  Where do
you want them?  On my clit I think master.  Ok, put your arms behind you back
and let me see those nice tits stick out waiting for me.  She did as I asked. 
Now if you move I will add more and tie you down.  Do you understand?  yes
master.  Ok  here we go and I let the whip place its marks on her breast.  She
screamed but stood still.  I was proud of her.  I swung again and another
scream.  I finished off the five and she was crying but had remained still.  I
decided to have her lay down with her legs wide for the other five but she could
not remain still for those and I then tied her legs apart and gave her five more
there. I then released her.  I figured that all the places except for one had
been taken care of and now it was my time to take care of my urgent problem.		




My Needs							Chapter 6

	  I told her to lick my cock and she did then I told her to suck my cock and
she did a fine job of that.  I have to admit that my cock is somewhat small and
I told her that I was sorry that I could not fill her up any better but I would
make sure that I would satisfy all her openings, one way or another.  My eight
inch cock was ready for some fine pussy and so I got on top of my toy and
started fucking her.  She kept screaming and I took it that my cock was too
large but I knew that she was just sore.  I like to dream.  I pumped and pumped
and she screamed and screamed.  I finally came and she laid crying.  She had
gotten wet but she did not cum.  I guess I will have to do more for her.  Thanks
fuck toy I said and walked out and left her chained by her collar.  I left her
there till I watched TV for awhile and I had another hard on.  This time I
wanted some of that puckered bun.  I walked in and she was resting on the bed. 
I walked up to her and told her to lie on her stomach and to put her ass in the
air. I want to fuck you ass.  She was violently shaking her head but did as I
told her.  I asked her what the problem was and she told me that her ass was a
virgin.  Well, it won't be in a minute or two toy.  Now get ready because this
cock wants some butt.  Her telling me that her ass was virgin made my hard cock
a little bit harder and I plowed into her.  She screamed and moved away from me. 
That made me mad.  Ok we will do this the hard way and you will be punished for
moving away.  I took the chain that connected to her collar and jerked her up. 
Then I connected her wrist behind her back with a pair of cuffs.  Then I put a
sling under her stomach and pulled her up.  Then I hooked another chain to her
collar and pulled her head down.  She could not move I then took her legs and
cuffed them apart.  Her bun was just staring at me.  I picked up a nice long
whip and decided to have some practice with it.  I aimed but missed the butt
hole.  I tried again and hit right on the outer lip of her puckered hole.  I
kept it up for about ten strikes and made about four of them on her hole.  I was
to horny and had to stop.  I put my cock next to her hole and pushed and pushed. 
I finally entered.  She kept up the screaming and it was getting boring so I
decided to put a ball gag on her next time.  I pushed some more and was deeper
then I lunged and I hit the bottom.  My cock was completely in.  I fucked her
and finally she was tarting to enjoy it.  Her screaming had stopped and she was
somewhat as best as she could moving back to me.  She was also moaning lowly.  I
had just cum a few hours earlier and so I kept fucking her for quite a while.
When I came she was about screaming with pleasure.  I figured out this bitch
really liked this.  I would do this often and with a bigger dildo.  See how big
she could take.

	I left her there after I unchained her from all but her one collar chain.  I
was tired and I wanted to sleep.

	I went to sleep and awoke quite early.  I decided to have breakfast before I
went to check on my toy.  Men do love their toys.  I ate my breakfast and made
fuck toy some then went down.




Fuck Toys First Night					Chapter 7

	She was laying on the bed asleep.  I sat the breakfast down and quietly said
fuck toy wake up.  Her eyes popped open and she looked around to remember where
she was or if it was a dream.  She looked at the food and by now she was
probably famished.  She finished the eggs, bacon, toast and coffee quite
quickly.  While she was eating I went over to the table that contained all my
dildos and plugs.  I decided I wanted to see what she could handle today.  I was
very interested in making her openings wide for a day. 

	How do you feel this morning fuck toy?  I am sore master.  I am sorry about
that.  You have got to learn to not to disobey me.  I have strict rules and you
must obey promptly. 

	Fuck toy this is going to be an interesting day for you.  I am going to see how
many of your toys you can take up your holes.  Doesn't that sound fun?  She just
looked at me and when I starred at her for an answer, she said yes master.  Good
now that you have eaten, go get cleaned up.  You have five minutes. 

	Within the five minutes she came back out from the shower.  Dripping wet and a
towel around her.  I noticed how beautiful her facial features were.  She was
just gorgeous.  Her breast were nicely rounded and stood up nicely.  They were
not small but not huge either.  I think about a 36c.  I could not wait to tie
those tits up.  But that is later.  Right now I wanted to get her excited and
make her want to be fucked. Fucked with big dildos. 

	I told her to lay on the bed and I put the cuffs on her legs and wrists to keep
her there.  I had some very nice toys that I wanted to try out and I did not
need her moving around.  First I wanted to try out this vibrator I got from a
yard sale.  It was very large but also very powerful. I plugged it in and the
sound was enormous.  It vibrated my hand while I held it and the end that I was
going to put in her was actually moving more than an inch each way.  It was
great.  I held it up to her clit and her clit started reacting right away.  It
grew bigger and was even turning a deeper color of pink.  She started to moan. 
Yep, this is good.  I let it slide down her sex and she moaned again.  Do you
want this in your pussy, fuck toy?  She starred at the size, it was at least 10
inches long and almost three inches in diameter.  I asked you a question fuck
toy.  Now you better answer.  Yes master, I want it.  Where do you want it fuck
toy?  In my pussy.  Oops, she had forgot to say master.  She corrected herself
as soon as she saw my face.  In my pussy master.  Well, I guess that we can
slide for now on that.  Be careful fuck toy.  I would hate to have to punish you
when I want to give you some pleasure.  I began again letting that vibrator
touch her clit and again she moaned.  I left it there and before long she was
really moaning and screaming.  I had to stop to tie her down.  I placed a strap
over her stomach and one on her legs so that she could not move her hips.  I
then went to playing with the vibrator again.  She was panting and begging me to
stop and fuck her before long.  She was in ecstasy but without any relief.  She
would just stay at that spot where you want to cum but can't.  She was screaming
please stop and fuck me.  Please fuck me.  I decided that I liked the idea that
she was excited but could not cum.  The sweat was getting profuse on her
forehead.  Finally I turned off her toy.  I decided to play with her tits for
awhile while she calmed down.  I did not want her to cum yet.  She looked so sad
when I just walked away from her.  I came back to her and started sucking on her
tit.  I massaged the other with my hand.  Again before long she was telling me
she wanted to fuck.  I kept sucking on her nipple and letting her get hot again. 
I then took a pair of tweaser style clamps on each of her tits.  She yelled ouch
but she did not seem to mind to much.  The chain hung down on her stomach.  I
decided to put a nice clit clamp on and connect the two.  She yelled a little
louder but was still to horny to care what I was doing all she wanted was to
have her itch between her legs scratched.  I was not planning on doing that for
some time.  I wanted her to beg and plead first. I again took the vibrator and
slid it between her legs.  She immediately went into spasms but without true
relief.  This was great.  She was so hot and could not cum.  I took and put the
vibrator by her bun hole and let it vibrate.  She was going nuts, shaking and
begging to please fuck me.  I let her lay there and let her relax for a minute
while I thought about how to connect this nice vibrator right on her clit so I
could just sit and watch.  I figured it out and connected it in a tight knot and
set it to work.  It was making her scream and beg.  Please stop it and fuck me. 
No, I don't think so.  I like how you look and I love you begging me to fuck
you.  But for now I will just watch as you get no satisfaction but all the
feelings of needing fucked.  You look great there with the sweat poring off of
you and begging.  Nice real nice. 

	I left her there and went and got a sandwich which I made quite rapidly.  I
wanted to get back to my toy. 

	She was still screaming and begging.  Please I am so horny, please fuck me.  I
want you inside me.  Pleasee. 

	I had let the vibrator on for about twenty minutes and she was sure excited. 
Now I wanted her to beg me for more pain. 

	I told her ok I will turn the vibrator off if you want me too.  She said yes
master please.  Ok then in place of the vibrator you can have another toy.  How
about a nice small vibrator up you cunt.  Yes, please master.  Ok, there is a
small one sitting her in this hot pepper juice.  I want to make sure that you
know that it is going to get a little hot.  Is that what you want?  Yes master
anything.  Ok.  I turned off the vibrator and got the little vibrator out of the
pepper juice.  I let the juice drip on her sore nipple and she let out a scream. 
That hurts doesn't it?  Yes master, I don't want that in my pussy.  No I want
the vibrator on my clit again.  To late.  You wanted it and so you are going to
take what you ask for.  No pleasee master.  You are doing a lot of talking for a
cunt that is suppose to only talk when told to.  Do you want some more
punishment for that? No master.  Then shut up and take what YOU asked for.  I
let the dildo drip down her cuntal area.  She started to scream and scream.  I
slid the dildo in her pussy and turned it on.  She was not getting as much
pleasure from it as she thought and all she got was a burning sensation.  I told
her since she wanted the dildo she could have it turned on for five minutes but
after that I was going to want to do something else.

	After the five minutes I told her that I had some bigger dildo and dongs for
her to try.  Aren't we having fun? I took off the table a dildo about the size
of a small pony.  Doesn't this look good toy?  No answer.  I laid it down next
to her and another one somewhat smaller.  The smaller one was a 14 inch and 2
1/2  inch in diameter.  Ok,  lets see that pretty pussy spread for me. I put the
tip of the dildo next to her cunt and I shoved and shoved and she screamed and
screamed.  I got the tip in and I let her relax.  I then shoved the rest in as
far as I could.  I then started fucking her with it.  It was sure tight in
there.  Finally I got the whole 14 inches inside of her and she was starting to
enjoy it.  I decided it was time for the bigger one.  It was also 14 inches long
but it was like a plug and it just got bigger as you went down the shank.  It
went up to 4 1/2  inches in diameter.  I put the head of it next to her cunt and
slid the first three inches in quite easily. Then I started pushing and she
started screaming again.  I continued to push and shove and I took it almost out
and shoved again.  I told her that she was just not cooperating with me and that
she did not seem to be enjoying this.  I continued to shove till I got it past
the 3 1/2  mark.  Then I got it to four and she was now screaming even louder. 
I continued to push and shove but I just could not get the whole 4 1/2 inches up
inside of her.   The dildo was made so that each time you got 1/2 inch in that
your pussy lips would close over it.  Ribbed dildo is not a good name for it.
Neither is a screw.  It just widens up to the 3 inch and then back down to 2
inches then again widens up to 3 1/2 and then back down to 2 inches.  Again it
widens up to 4 inches and back down to 2 inches.  It was great for slowly
opening the cunt of my favorite and only toy.  I let it slide into the 2 inch
area and then pulled it all out.  Boy did she scream then.  I then shoved it
back in and again she screamed.  I only took it to 3 inches and that was nine
inches of dildo inside of her.  I decided that a nice small (ha ha) dildo up her
ass would be fun too.   She was steadily crying when  I started to release her
bindings.  I think she thought it was over,  got news for this cunt.  I undid
her strap over her stomach and her thighs and then I undid her ankle cuffs. 
Then I undid her wrist cuffs and told her I would help her stand up.  I got her
standing and she just looked at me with pleading in her eyes.  I see you are not
quite satisfied yet so I will continue to try.  Hope you like it as much as I
will.  I left the clamps on her tits and her clit.  I then tied her wrists up to
the ceiling hook.  I then took her ankles and slid them as wide as I could get
them and chained them off.  Then I pulled on each to tighten even more.  She
sure looked good with that big vibrating dildo hanging out of her pussy.  I
decided to give it a few more shoves and she screamed her acknowledgment.  I
went over to the table again and obtained a few butt toys.  I reached for a
rather small one.  It was only 10 inches long and about 2 1/2 inches in
diameter.  I figured with what was up her pussy I was going to have trouble and
I should start with something small.  I brought it over to her and let her see
how small it was.  Her eyes widened when I told her that I was going to put this
one up her little ass hole so that the other one could have some company and
since I know that she just loves to get fucked up the now not virgin ass. 

	I thought about putting some kind of lube on it but I decided that she would
enjoy it much more without it.  So I started pushing that dildo up her ass.  She
tried to move as much as she could but that was very limited.  So I just kept
pushing and shoving while I listened to her scream, cry and beg.  Finally I got
it inside her tight ass hole.  I started working it in and out till I figured
that she was starting to enjoy it and so I got a bigger one.  I jerked that one
out and grabbed a much bigger one.  It was at least 12 inches but it was up to 3
1/2 inches in diameter.  When I showed her that one she again pleaded and begged
to which I told her to shut up that I was helping her with her problem and I
knew how badly she really wanted a big dildo up her ass.  She was still crying
and went to screaming as soon as I got about 6 inches of that dildo up her.  I
shoved and pushed again till it was fully in place.  Then I decided to let her
enjoy them.  I got the super vibrator and brought it up to her clit and let it
vibrate her into an orgasm.  With both of her new toys up she was screaming and
cumming both together.  I think she really liked it.  I hoped so because of the
soon to be party I was throwing in her honor.

	After she came I let her get washed up and I told her that she did not have to
douch her holes tonight and that I would make sure they were cleaned to
perfection tomorrow.  Tomorrow was Friday and I had invited some new friends
over.




		Party Time  							Chapter 8

	I let my Fuck Toy sleep in today.  I have not even had her give me a head job
today.   I am saving myself for the party. 

	I had errands to run this morning so I let her sleep and I took off to buy some
items and see a new friend of mine to loan me something.  He was coming to the
party but needed to get this over early. 

	I then went home and made sure that Fuck Toy had something to eat and she was
well.  Yep,  she was in fine shape.  It was sure hard to see that naked body and
not fuck it.  '

	I told her that I would come to see her about 6p.m. and at that time I wanted
her to make sure she was in the shower.  That I would make sure that her
cleasing was properly done inside and out.  I looked at her for an answer and
she said yes master. 

	I have a nice party planned for you where you will be able to get satisfied
sexually. I know that you need a lot of cock so I invited a few gentlemen over. 
I know that you will enjoy the evening.  Bye for now Fuck Toy.

	At 6 PM sharp I went down to see Fuck Toy.  Yep, she was in the shower
shivering.  She had washed herself all over and now was just standing under the
cold water.  I took the hose and told her to bend over.  I stuck the end of the
hose up her pussy and turned the water on again.  I let it run in there for a
few minutes and then I shut off the water and placed the hose up her ass.  I let
it fill up and let it out.  Then I filled it up again.and put a butt plug in.  I
let it sit in there for ten minutes and then I pulled it out and she was
cleaned.  OK  I told her.  Now you are ready for a good fucken party.

	I gave her some clothes to put on.  It was a pretty scarf for her neck.  Other
than that she was naked.  I then told her that very soon the first of the guest
would be arriving and it would be proper for her to meet her guest at the door. 
I placed her at the door and told her that she would have a blindfold on for
most of the evening.  You are to bend over as soon as you hear the door bell. 
You are to stay in front of the door till they give you the signal that they
were invited.  The signal that they are invited is for them to spank your ass
three times.  At that point you are to stand up move to the side of the door and
tell them thank you for coming to my party please enter.  Do you understand Fuck
Toy?  Yes master.

	 It was not long before the first guest rang the doorbell.  He opened the door
to come down and at the same time she bent over.  When he was in reach of her he
soundly spanked her ass three times.  She stood up and said thank you for coming
to my party and please enter.  She then moved out of his way.  The first guy to
enter was a large black man.  When I met him he said his name was Tyrone.  I
started talking small talk to Tyrone and the door bell rang again.  She did as
she was told and before long she was being spanked again. This time much lighter
and she did not even yell like when Tyrone spanked her.  This was an Irishman
with quite a brogue.  When I met him he said his name was Larry. Larry was a
much smaller man and very soft spoken.  I started more small talk with both of
them and again the door bell rang.  This time when he spanked her ass she moved
about three feet and she screamed.  We all started laughing.  She regained
herself and thanked him for coming to her party.  His name was Jimmy the Great
as he introduced himself to me the other day.  I introduced him to Larry and
Tyrone.  Again the doorbell rang and this time Sam showed up.  He was a white
man with large wide features.  He was the jolly type and laughed more than we as
he spanked Fuck Toy's ass and made her move with each smack. 

	OK  I said,  The guests are all here so lets get this party going.  I had set
up drinks and small snacks.  Fuck Toy these men here are all somewhat new to me. 
I found them on the Internet.  Each one I met this week to make sure that the
requirements were met.  The only requirement that you need to know about is that
each one has at least a twelve in cock.  Tyrone has them all beat by having a
fourteen inch and then Jimmy with almost the same. Sam and Larry are the
smallest with about twelve and half inches each.  But in diameter Sam has them
all beat.  His cock is a whopping three and a half inches thick.  I think you
will agree my Fuck Toy that you should be satisfied when they are finished with
you.  Now there is one problem,  I am so small compared to them that I must go
first.  I know it is not polite but I think they understand.  I then placed Fuck
Toy on the bed and rammed my cock down her throat.  I fucked her throat for a
short time and then entered her pussy.  I was just starting to get into a rhythm
fucking her pussy when I noticed Larry playing with her one tit and Sam pinching
the other.  She was starting to squeal a little so Tyrone turned her head and
started to try fucking her mouth.  That big cock of his just wouldn't go in.  He
kept up the fucking at her mouth and to my surprise it entered her mouth.  I was
fucking her good and watching her mouth get fucked by that giant cock.  I was
cumming, which I did not want to do.  I shot my load up her tight cunt but I
wanted to fuck her ass too but the sight of that giant cock was too much and I
lost it. 

	I backed off and said well she's all your guys.  Have fun and make sure that
she is satisfied for her party.  After all it is a party for her.  Give it to
her good and hard.

	Tyrone was still fucking her mouth and Sam placed his thick cock next to her
pussy and started pushing.  Her eyes rolled a little but she could not say no so
he kept up pushing and shoving.  He got it into her pussy about the same time as 
Jimmy started pushing against her small ass hole.  He grabbed some lube that I
supplied and lubed up his immense cock and started to fuck her bun hole again. 
He started entering and Sam had to reposition himself to let Jimmy have the
tight butt.  Sam was fucking her and when Jimmy finally got the head of his cock
inside of her, she looked like she was all cock.  Her small ass seemed to be
smaller than the cocks that was being pushed up her holes.  Tyrone was still
blasting her mouth and poor Larry had no hole to enter which made him a little
pissed and her tits sure was suffering for that.  He was biting, when he could
get to them and pinching all the time.  He would get the nipple between his
fingers and see how thin he could make them the way I was seeing it.  Then he
would see how far he could pull them out.  He was having his fun so I started
watching Tyrone.  He was now fucking her mouth as hard and as fast as I have
seen anybody fuck and then he came and the cum that came out of that cock was
enough to fill a pint.  Poor Fuck Toy did not get to swallow all of it and it
started dripping down her cheeks.  Then Sam was starting to yell and he too
came.  He came up her pussy and she screamed the same time as he came.  It was
great.  Now Tyrone was out of her mouth and Larry saw a place to put his cock so
he slammed it in her mouth.  He was almost vicious.  Larry being the soft spoken
one seemed to surprise me how determined or almost cruel to her he was.  But I
figured so long as there was no permanent damage she would not mind since she
was getting the fucking of her life.

 	I had a few drinks while this was going on and I was starting to get another
hard on.  I was immensely enjoying the party and my cock was too. 

	Before long Jimmy was cumming too and her poor holes were empty.  I got between
her legs and fucked her ass for awhile and then Larry left her mouth and started
fucking her pussy.  That made her cunt much tighter for me and I rode that bitch
for quite some time.  Before I came, Sam was back to hard again and he was
letting her lick his cock.  He tried to put it in her mouth but could not.  She
licked and licked just like he wanted.  If she did not do it right he would yank
her hair and pull her where he wanted it.  She must have been enjoying it for
she was sure seemed to be doing her best to make him happy. 

	We were all fucking each of the holes by the time we all gave out.  Larry was
the one that lasted the longest.  He fucked her for three hours after he had cum
the first time.  He fucked every hole at least once and maybe twice. 

	She had long since quit screaming when a cock was not in her mouth. 

	We all rested for about three hours and Fuck Toy went and took a shower.  Then
she collapsed on the bed. 

	When we woke her, she looked like she did not want any more but we knew better. 
After all we hadn't given her the present I brought over earlier. 

Donkey Fun	

	We walked her outside completely naked  and into the barn.  When the donkey
heard up he heehawed.  She screamed.  Please master no,  I don't want it master. 
Please no, no, no.

She kept yelling and screaming that she did not want her present and I got
irked.  I told her that she was being rude to these gentlemen that got you this
present and she would get punished for being so rude.  Now you tell these men
how happy you are with their present and how much you are looking forward to
sucking and fucking that beautiful animal.  She said that she was happy that
they got her the present.  I yelled at her and told her to beg to fuck and suck
that donkey since she was rude.  She looked at me and knew that she was going to
have to do it so she pleaded with me to let her suck and fuck the donkey.  I
told her OK and she could start by licking that nice cock of his.  I made her
crawl over and under the donkey and lick it till it was extremely hard. 

	Yep babe that is your present.  We got you a bigger dick to ride or shall I say
ride you. 

	We hooked her up to the table that presented her pussy right at the correct
height.  Then we tied her down so that she would not get hurt from moving.  At
that we let the donkey come up to her and nose at her pussy.  He then jumped up
on his back legs and put his front legs on the fake fur table that we covered
her with so that he could not put his weight completely on her.  He had an
enormous cock.  It was almost 18 1/2  inches long and almost 4 inches wide.  I
put a sling on it so that he could only enter her 14 inches of his cock.  He
brought his cock up and stabbed at her snatch.  He missed the hole and he
stabbed again and again.  She was screaming, I believe in pleasure, but I am not
sure.  After about 6 attempts he entered her pussy.  He rammed it in like a pile
driver and again she was screaming in pleasure.  She was screaming and yelling
words like don't and no and stop.  I just put them together and it was no don't
stop.  I was screaming too.  I was screaming go baby take it Fuck Toy.  Yea, 
you like it.  That cock entered the pussy to his ultimate and rammed back in and
out.  Boy, was that grat to watch.  That four inches looked really massive going
in and out of that, not long ago, tight pussy.  All five of us were getting hard
ons again and I knew that she was in for a little more partying after Donkey
Kong has his way with her.  That donkey fucked her good and hard for about six
minutes.  Then he shot a wad of cum and it drained down her leg.  She was
drenched.  We all were pretty horny but we wanted to have her clean up first. 
We decided to see how she liked it and when we went to see her she was still
breathing hard and tears of joy were running down her face.  I told her that I
knew she would enjoy her present.  I started to untie her but Larry stopped me
and pointed to Donkey Kong.  Here that damn beast was getting another hard on
and wanted more.  Well, who are we to deny my fuck toy more enjoyment.  Larry
said that he would think that Fuck Toy would want it up her ass this time.  I
agreed and we untied her and retied her with her butt hole more available.  We
tied her legs under the table which brought her butt hole in better line with
the donkeys cock.  He was trying to make us move out of his way before we were
finished tying her in place.

	He again started stabbing his cock at her hole and she again started screaming. 
Damn she had a loud scream.  It took longer for the donkey to get up her ass and
she made a lot more noise. Again those words, please no don't stop.  They were
not in that order but I knew what she meant. She sure was having a good fuck
party and we were all ready for another helping of Fuck Toy meat.  Again that
donkey started fucking her and she was screaming and he was fucking.  It was
great.  We were all rubbing our cocks when Larry went to Fuck Toy and shoved it
in her mouth.  I have to admit, that made it so much quieter.  We watched as
donkey fucked and Larry fucked her mouth.  The show was over way to soon as the
donkey came up her ass.  We then let Larry finish in her mouth.

	We helped Fuck Toy back to the house and put her in the shower.  A cold shower
has the tendency to bring a person back to reality. She just had a glimmer of
lust or was that contempt in her eyes.  I believe it was lust because we were
sure filled with it. 

	After I washed out both holes with the hose, me and the guys started grabbing
at her.  I grabbed a tit and Jimmy grabbed her pussy hair. We pulled her out by
those things and tossed her again on the bed.  This time Larry was not going to
get last place so he had again worked up a hard on and grabbed her legs and
jammed his cock into her ass.  Sam jumped on the bed and  turned her so that he
could get to her pussy.  Then Tyrone again stuffed his huge cock into her
screaming mouth and finally shut her up.  He kept fucking her mouth till he got
that large cock down her throat.  I still cant believe it but it went down.  I
watched as the bulge in her throat suddenly became huge and then disappeared and
then reappeared.  He pulled it out of her mouth and let her take a breath and
slammed it in again all the way.  The whole fourteen inches went down that
pretty throat of hers.  I looked down and I was jacking myself off.  Sam was in
that pussy and he was fucking as hard as he could.  Each time that he would
lunge, Larry would lunge too.  They moved perfectly together and her holes would
show two huge cocks sticking out and then they both disappeared  Tyrone was
cumming all over her face and Jimmy started to take his place.  Jimmy took
Tyrone's place and fucked her mouth again.  His large cock ramming down her
throat.  Each time that Sam and Larry was ramming their cocks into her he rammed
his massive cock down her throat.  It was great. At last Sam let his load go
into her ass and I was started to move for that hole when Jimmy moved quicker
and rammed his cock into her wide open ass.  Him and Larry fucked her and fucked
her.  I jammed my cock down her throat but it was not long before I came.  Larry
now was trying to slap her ass each time he would ram his instrument into her. 
He slapped her on the thighs mostly but she was again enjoying it to screams.
Finally Larry came and so did Jimmy.  Fuck Toy was left to shower and grab a
snack if she wanted, 




	Fuck Toy Get A Reprieve						Chapter 9

	When we went upstairs, Larry mentioned that I had told Fuck Toy that she would
have to be punished for being so rude.  He asked what I planned to do.  I told
him that I did not know, but would probably whip her cunt or something.  He then
asked if that really works.  I said I guess so.  Not perfect though.  He then
asked if he could help me out and give me a suggestion.  I told him sure.  He
gave me the suggestion and they all looked at him and then we all agreed to meet
next Friday and give her the punishment and a good fucking afterwards.  

	I told Fuck Toy that she would have to wait for her punishment till next
Friday.  We all got together and devised a wonderful punishment for her.  She
looked like her world fell.down on her.



	I told Fuck Toy good night and I would see her in the morning and she was
softly crying when I left.  I believe it was due to the fact that her new fuck
friends were leaving but I might be wrong.

	 I pretty much left Fuck Toy alone for the next two days to let her miss her
new friends and the party that was again in the plans for this Friday.  By
Monday, she was in depressed mood. I figured it was because of her friends not
being there but it could be something else.  I am sure that she does not miss
her old life when she is getting so much from me and her new friends.  I admit I
never asked her if she was seeing anyone,  I just assumed that she was free and
clean.  No body that sexy looking could have anyone that would treat her as good
as I am.  Hell, she hadn't even had her cherry ass hole popped.  What kind of
guy could she be with and not fuck that bun hole.  She was not even very good at
giving head.  I am sure that she is learning so much here and having so much fun
that she must prefer to be here.  I think, as a matter of fact that she should
have some fun today.  She needs to get out of her depressed mood.  I will get
her a pet to keep her company and fuck her regularly.  Yea,  that sounds god. 
Anything that good needs to be fucked daily and I am just wear out from Friday
but am looking forward to another Friday.  Lets see, what kind of pet do I think
she would like.  She seemed to like the donkey but that is to big for her to
bring down here.  I think a nice trained dog would be fun for her. Yea,  I think
that she should have the dog with her nightly.  I called my friends and found a
dog that was trained to eat pussy and fuck.  I went to see it and its cock was
not as big as mine but it was sortof pointy.  I think she would like it.  I
asked how much and paid the price and brought home Fido.  I then took fido
downstairs and told Fuck Toy that I again had a surprise for her.  Her eyes lit
up when she saw the dog.  Then the dog ran up to her and started humping her
leg.  She started to push poor fido away but when she saw that I was
disappointed in her she allowed Fido to keep humping.  Fido then started licking
his way to her cunt and I told her that it was OK for her to let him have some
pussy.  She opened her legs and Fido went to work with that pussy.  He was just
so happy licking it and she looked so much less depressed that I was extremely
glad that I got him for her even though the price was high.  Fido kept licking
her cunt and she was breathing hard and Fido kept licking.  It was great.  That
dog must sure be hungry.  He ate that pussy for over a half a hour.  Then he
wanted to fuck her but she was not in the right position so I told her to get on
her knees and let Fido have some of that fine pussy.  She did as she was told
and she was bringing her ass back to meet Fido's lunges.  She sure was happier. 
I was glad that she was getting along so well with the dog. 

	I told her that Fido would stay with her at night to keep her company and all
he wanted in return was to lick her pussy and fuck her.  That I thought it would
be good of her to let him lick & fuck her before bedtime and again during the
night.  I wanted her to make sure that Fido was well taken care of.  I then told
her that during the day, I would feed and water him and see if he wanted to go
outside.  All she needed to do is let him have some fun.  I am sure that you
will like that won't you.  Yes master.  I want you to keep a record of how many
times Fido fucks you and how many times he licks your cunt.  You will do that
for me won't you.  Yes master.  Great then have a good time with Fido.  I will
see you in the morning.  I want you to set your clock so that you have had your
shower by 6 a.m. and are ready for  me to fuck you.  I feel that I have let you
rest to long and I know that I am feeling the need to have this cock of mine in
your openings.  Will you make sure you are up Fuck Toy?  Yes master. 

	Since it was already Wednesday, I told her that I wanted to fuck a nice red
ass. I didn't want to get carried away with my fucking so I let her suck on it
for a time and then I  spanked her ass till I  thought it was red enough for me
to fuck.  I liked to watch that red ass and my almost purple cock.  I fucked it
hard and fast by then and came shortly after I started.  She seemed to enjoy it
because she was sure trying to move that ass of hers.  Even during the spanking. 

	I again left her alone after that till evening when I brought Fido in.  She was
laying on the bed and Fido ran up and started licking.  She spread her legs for
him right away and he just went to work on that cunt. I decided to watch on the
TV upstairs so I told her good night and that I would see her tomorrow.

	I went up and turned on the set to watch while I made myself something to eat. 
Fuck Toy now had a refrigerator and small stove for her to cook.  She even has a
microwave.  I know I spoil her but I really want her to enjoy her stay here. 
Now Fido was Fucking her and this time he was up her ass.  I think since I
opened it up earlier that he had easier access.  I ate my dinner and watched
them fuck.  I sure think that she really likes Fido.  I then went to bed.  I
forgot to turn off the set and when I got up to grab a snack, Fido was licking
her pussy again but she was sleeping.  I guess he just started since she had not
even woke up.  She finally woke up and what I saw really pissed me off.  She
pushed Fido away and slapped him.  I decided that I was no longer hungry but I
was going to straighten this out right now.  I went down and Fido run up to me. 
I had a very angry look on my face and Fuck Toy knew that she was in trouble.  I
looked at her and told her that what I saw was not going to happen again and
that she would be punished and Fido would be made restitution to.  I told her
that the rest of the night and tomorrow night she would be tied so that Fido
could eat or Fuck whenever he wanted and that every morning and every evening
she would show Fido how much she was sorry by giving him a good head job.  Now
that is the restitution.  Along with that you will wear your new tit clamps
while you are eating his cock.  Then when he fuckes you in the morning you will
wear your clit clamps.  I will make sure that each time you move, you will be
reminded of your meanness to Fido. I then tied her to the bed bent over so that
Fido would have access to each hole and could eat or fuck to his hearts content. 
I then went upstairs but before leaving, I saw Fido start licking her cunt
again.  Poor Fido.  That dog doesn't know when he has had enough.  I felt sorry
for Fido when I came in at 5 a.m.  He was sound asleep and really looked
whipped.  I woke him up and let him run upstairs and outside.  Then I let him
back down and told Fuck Toy to start sucking.  I want you to call Fido till he
comes by you and you can reach his cock.  First I want to put your jewelry on. 
I hooked them up so that the slightest movement was pulling on her breast and on
her clit.  Then I smacked her ass which sent her forward and she let out a
scream.  I told her get that cock in your mouth and you better do it fast.  You
only have 30 minutes before you have got to get ready for something like me. 
Now call him and get him to let you suck his cock.  She started calling him but
he did not know what she wanted so she could not get to his cock.  I told her
that time was running out and she better get his cock or else.  I finally let
her hands free and she laid the dog down and started to give him head.  At first
he tried to move out of her way but then when she was getting into her head job
he was content to lay there with his legs apart.  She sucked on his cock and
each time she would go down on him, the clamps would pull her tits and clit. 
Tears were running down her cheeks by the time she was finished.  He came in her
mouth and she swallowed most of it.  I then undid her clamps and her legs and
told her to go take a shower because I wanted some pussy.  She went right in and
the water started running and she was back out in just a few minutes.  I asked
if she washed her cunt out and she said that she had. While she was taking her
quick shower I let Fido outside. OK  Now you can suck on mine for a little while
and then I will fuck you cunt.  I decided that she did not deserve any pleasure
from me so I roughly shoved her head down on my cock till I was tired of that
and wanted some fucking.  I then fucked her cunt till I came and left her there
on the bed as soon as I was finished.  I was still angry with her the way that
she treated her new pet. 

	I had to leave for awhile so I left and when I came back Fido wanted in quite
badly.  I let him in and he ran to the door going downstairs.  I figured that he
wanted some more pussy so I let him stay upstairs and went down to tie Fuck Toy
up so he could have his way with her.  I told her that since it was during the
day and Fido was not staying all day with her that she could wear her jewelry. 
I placed her nipple clamps on and then her clit clamps.  I decided to tie them
off with just a few inches of movement without pulling.  I then went up and got
Fido which was really more than ready.  He flew down the steps and went right to
Fuck Toy.  I figured that he was going to fuck her right away but what he did
was really surprising.  He caught on fast.  He laid down and stuck his hard cock
up for her to suck on.  The few inches I gave her was not enough and when she
went down on him she pulled at both her cunt and her tits.  He came in her mouth
and then he got up and started licking her twat.  He would catch the ties to the
clit every once in awhile and pull hard against them.  It was really fun to
watch.  One second she was enjoying herself and the next she was screaming. 
This went on till Fido had another hard on and then he fucked her.  Each time he
would drive himself into her she was moved and again she felt the pain of
punishment.  I think that I did good on the punishment.  She was pleasured one
moment and punished the next.  I watched and she never did cum.  She was crying
and sometimes even screaming and then there were times that she was just
breathing hard.  It was cool.




	The Party is Tomorrow. 						Chapter 10

	I decided to leave Fuck Toy alone for the next day and half.  The party being
tomorrow, she needed some rest and I knew that she was not resting properly
since she was not nice to Fido. She was tied for two nights and Fido was making
himself very conformable with having her give him head and then lick her cunt
and then he would fuck her.  Then it would start all over. The damn dog has more
vigor and vitality for fucking than any guy I have ever known.  I do not know
how many times he does this but I do know that it has been over six. 

	I called my friends that were going to be at the party and all four of them
agreed that they would be here on time.  Everything was completed for the
punishment portion of the party.  I was excited.  I knew that she was going to
dislike her punishment immensely.  I laid back and took a long break from making
sure all was in place for the party.  I had plenty to do but I also had plenty
of time.  I liked to watch Fuck Toy.  I watched her when she did not know that I
was watching and sometimes I would turn the light on and let her know that the
camera is filming her.  She behaves differently when she knows the camera is on. 
Right now Fuck Toy was being eaten by Fido and I really believe that Fuck Toy
was begging him to fuck her.  I wish that the camera had sound.  I know that
there is something she keeps saying and it looks like Fuck me, fuck me.  I think
I will watch a little longer and see if she tries to make him fuck her.  Of
course being tied does have its disadvantages.  One being that you can't reach
something and move it.  Well, Fido decided that he ate enough and is now
sticking his cock into her back side.  I can't see which hole just yet but I do
see the look of bliss on Fuck Toys face.  Yes, she is moving her ass back to his
cock as fast as she can and it does not seem that she cares about the pain from
the clamps.  That Fido got some of that good bun hole.  He sure seems happy too. 
Well I better get back to work.  I like the idea of having all these tapes of my
little Fuck Toy.  She will be more than happy to know that she has been on film
since she got here and more than once has begged to be fucked.  As a matter of
fact, she was just begging the dog.  Jury's love that stuff.  She would really
impress them with that.  She can tell them all day long that she was forced but
she can't vanish the fact that she was purely begging.  I love it.

	Well, all is done for the party and Larry just stopped over to bring the
finishing touches.  Soon it will PARTY TIME. 	Since they had been here before I
decided that Fuck Toy should show her appreciation for them showing up for
another party.  But what should she do?  I think that she should show them how
much she now enjoys fucking animals.  Yes, she should be at the door letting
Fido fuck and suck her and then when they come in she can tell them that she
would like to suck their cock.  She could tell them that she wanted to show them
how much she likes her animals and can not wait to get fucked by another
animal..  Yes, something like that will do. 

	I told Fuck Toy to get ready for the party and to make sure that both holes are
cleaned.  She told me ok and I left to see what I could figure out.  I decided
to  have her down so that Fido could lick her and fuck her but somehow could not
get to her face.  I think it would be cruel to put a leash on Fido so I decided
to put her in a glass house per say.  I went and put a Plexiglas border around
part of the basement.  I could let Fido in but he could not get out.  Then I cut
a hole in it wide enough to allow Fuck Toy to back into it.  I think that will
work.  Yep.  I still had a few hours to go so I decided to see if it would work. 
I was feeling sorry for Fido anyway since he was outside and he had a hard on. 
I let him come in after I put Fuck Toy in the opening.  He went to town licking
and sucking.  I let him have fun for about an hour so that he again would be
horny when our guests came.  He did not try to get in front of her.  It worked
great. 

	I again put Fido outside and told Fuck Toy to get cleaned up again and sat
around to wait.  I ate something and when I went down to see Fuck Toy she was
cleaned up and sitting on the bed.  She sure looked beautiful.  I just knew how
grateful she was going to be when she finds out that she gets to fuck the donkey
again. 

	I took her and put her back into her hole.  Then I told her that our guests
would be arriving soon.  That she was to smile and tell them how much she now
looks forward to fucking animals and that she would like to welcome them to the
party by sucking on their cocks.  I though that she would sound good saying that
and they would know how much she was looking forward to the donkey.

	I then got fido and let him start his fun.  She was breathing hard by the time
that the first friend walked in.  She was right in the middle of a climax and it
was very difficult for her to say look how much I love animals now and may I
suck on your cock to welcome you to the party.  She finally got it out and he
quickly got his cock out of his pants and it was growing as he stuck it in her
mouth.  It was Larry since he had to bring things to the party he had to be the
first one here.  She sucked him off for just a few minutes and then I walked
over and told him that he doesn't get to cum yet.  He finally let it fall out of
her wide open mouth and walked away with me.  Then within minutes Tyrone, Sam
and Jimmy the Great showed up and all used her mouth for just a few moments.  I
told the group that Fido could keep Fuck Toy busy and that we would need their
help in the other area.  Larry was already heading that way and the rest
followed.  They all immediately went to work and made sure the harness was
properly installed and would make sure that she would be wide open for her
friends.  Yep,  looked good.  We decided that as soon as Fido was finished with
her and then we could start her punishment.  Wow, I liked this because I figured
that she was going to hate it. Fido kept up his fucking for quite awhile and
when we finally finished setting up her punishment we walked back in and Fido
was still fucking her.  We cheered Fido on and made sure that she was getting
enough cock so we kept shoving a cock into her mouth while Fido was finishing
up.  We each took turns stuffing our huge cocks into her wide open mouth.  At
last Fido came and he was then hooked into her.  So we kept her busy with
fucking her mouth and laughing that Fido was actually stuck in that huge cunt. 
Takes a horse and a poor dog gets stuck.  

	We told Fuck Toy to go get cleaned up and that we were going to give her the
punishment that she was promised. 

	She came out of the bathroom in about five minutes and we walked her into the
other room.  Then we hooked her into a harness that we had set up.  Her legs
were spread out as far as they would go.  Then they were lifted up so that she
was at a nice 45o angle.  We then told her that we had a couple of friends that
would like to make her pussy & ass hole their home.  We then put a tube into
each of her nice tight holes. We took some cheese spread and stuck the can as
far as possible into her hole and let it squirt.  She ended up having a cheesy
hole.  I then got her friends. Two mice.  I knew that she would not like them. 
She told me before that she doesn't like hamsters or pet mice.  She said that
they all look like rats to her.  Then she told me something even better.  That
she really hates snakes.  OOPS Shouldn't tell me stuff like that.  I took two of
the  mice out of the cage and put them up close to her face and she screamed. 
Then she started begging.  Please don't put those things up my holes.  Pleassee.  
I told her that she should shut up or she would find herself in more trouble.  I
loved the fact that she was screaming though.  I put the first one in the tube
to her cunt and he had been starved for a week.  Needless to say, he went right
up that nice tube and into her cunt.  He was eating his way to the back of her
hole when I put the other one in her now cheesy ass.  He went right to eating
too.  She was screaming her head off but she sure was not going to get off that
easy.  We then took the cover off the tank that was below her and turned a
mirror so that she could see.  The tank had five snakes in it.  She was now
screaming with even more vigor.  We lowered her into the tank and as she started
down the snakes seemed to smell the mice.  They were trying to climb up to get
to where the mice were.  We kept her right above the snakes for just a few
minutes and then we let her all the way down.  She was now almost hoarse from
screaming but kept shaking her head.  Then she really went crazy.  Apparently 
the mice was trying to hide from the snakes and the snakes were trying to get to
the mice and all hell went wild.  She was moving as much as she could trying to
dislodge the mice that were not about to come out of their holes and they were
trying to burrow down even deeper.  The snakes were climbing all over her but as
she shook they were getting tossed off.  It was great.  We decided to make bets
which mouse would get eaten first and which snake would get it.  It was really
noisy since she was back to screaming with desperation.  Finally after about ten
or fifteen minutes a snake entered her cunt.  We were as quiet as mice to watch
the show. As she was tired from trying to move as much as she could and was now
moving much slower.  The snakes were of various sizes but this one was about
three foot long and about two inches in diameter.  He would move his whole body
and then move into her about an inch.  Just his head was in but it was great. 
Again he would move his whole body and again he would enter her about another
inch.  This went on for more than ten minutes and by that time another snake had
found his way to her ass hole.  He was trying to get into her and both snakes
were moving in at such a slow speed it was unreal.  I actually could see the
mouse trying to get away by banging into her.  Her stomach would rise each time
he would ram his little head.  It was really neat.  Time went by and about four
inches of snake was now in her cunt.  Then I saw her stomach rise again and this
time much higher.  I figured that the snake must have opened his mouth and tried
to swallow the mouse.  Before long I saw the snake backing out.  He was having a
hard time getting out since he had just swallowed a mouse and had a bulge.  He
would try backing up and then he would swing his tail trying to find something
to pull himself out by.  I started watching the other snake up her ass hole and
he was about three inches in.  Cheese was squeezing out and Fuck Toy's face was
almost all white.  We did not figure on the fact that they would have a hard
time getting out and I believe it ended up even more fun than we had planned. 
By the way, I lost the bet to Larry on the one snake.  My snake didn't even get
close.  Again I went back to watching the snake in the cunt.  He was sure having
a problem getting out.  I then looked at the one in the butt and he was at least
five or six inches inside her.  He was still entering her as fast as he could
which was terribly slow.  Another twenty minutes went by and I was starting to
worry that the snakes and the mice would run out of air and they would all die. 
We decided to help the one out of her pussy.  Larry grabbed its tail and pulled. 
He started coming out.  He gently pulled until he was totally out.  Then we all
focused on the one up her ass.  He was still moving and wiggling.  It was a
sight I never thought I would see.  Then good news.  He started backing out.  We
decided to pull him out also.  He was even bigger than the first one and it took
Larry quite awhile to get him out.  We noticed that each snake had gotten what
it had went in for and was now laying in a corner.  Fuck Toy was just crying now
so we decided to see if we could feed the other snakes.  Tyrone and Jimmy got
the tit clamps and tied a string onto them.  Then each one tied a mouse by the
tail onto the string.  Then they put the clamps on her tits.  Again the three
snakes started getting nervous and so did the mice.  The third mouse we decided
should be clamped to her hair at the top of her head.  It could run into her
face and over her mouth.  We gave each one at least ten inches of string.  We
then watched as the snakes started up her body and as she was screaming and then
she would shut her mouth so that the mouse would not get into it.  It did not
take long before the first mouse was taken by the huge snake.  Her tits were
being pulled each time the mouse would run out of string. They were going from
side to side and up and down.  Both mice could climb onto her face and she had
to keep her mouth shut most of the time.  So this time it was somewhat quiet. 
She would shake her head and the mouse would go flying.  Then he would grab hold
of her hair again and try to burrow into it. By this time snak number four was
making his way up her stomach to catch the mouse on her tit.  He ran into her
hair and the snake followed.  Then he ran on her face and just stayed there
shaking.  Again the snake followed and she shut her eyes to keep from seeing the
snake on her face. The snake struck out and the mouse ran.  But it could not go
far.  Its poor heart was already failling and snake number four had its dinner. 
He then climbed down off her and into the box below to digest its meal.  All
that was left was the one that was placed on her hair.  Snake number five was
going around her neck and into her hair.  She shook and as she did the mouse
fell off and the snake made an easy strike and soon the mouse was dinner. 

	We pulled Fuck Toy out of the plexiglas box that now only had five well fed
snakes in it and unshackled her.  Then we told her to get cleaned up that we
didn't want to fuck a snake pit.  She walked still crying to the shower and came
out all cleaned up in about ten minutes. 

	We decided to take it easy on her the rest of the night.  Yea, right.

	We each took turns fucking her with me again being first.  We made sure that
she was well fucked and then I decided to let her go.  We had our pleasures with
her and I figured that I could always find another bimbo to capture and pick on
for awhile.  She was getting to the point where she was to willing and I did not
get to punish her like I wanted and the fun was just wearing off. 

	We took the camcorder and made a tape of her telling me that she wanted to be
fucked by five guys and that she wanted to be fucked by big cocks.  Then she was
told if she begged enough that I would let her go.  She acted the part of a real
horny bitch and I let her have a copy of some of the tapes that I made of her. 
Especially the one where she is giving the donkey a blow job.  Then I told her
that if she goes to the cops, she would have these on the net and they would be
seen in court.  She told me that she would never tell anyone about it. and I
left her go the next morning after she gave everyone a good fuck again.  I have
never heard from her or anyone else on the matter but I did meet this girl that
seems to be a real bitch.  I think I will find out how much of a bitch she
really is.  Later.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Connie Miller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





