BDSM Library - Our Subbie Couple




Our Subbie Couple
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two young FemDoms relate a tale of the young couple they dominate. OUR SUBBIE COUPLE   
 The following is a work of fiction intended for adults over 18 only.  
 Hi my name is Elizabeth, so properly I could be called Liz, Beth, Cath,
  etc. My current preference is Cathy. I'm a young 31, about 5' 4" tall, have
  sharp cheek bones, startling, big green eyes, a lean figure, and an athletic
  body. People say I'm very attractive. My current preference in hair color is
  red. My friend Cindy is a tall attractive blond, 29, taller than me, with a
  more curvy body.  
 Cindy and I are housemates, and also S&amp;M dominants. I'd like to relate
  some of the adventures we've had with our submissives, Kelly and Scott.  
 Kelly and Scott are girlfriend and boyfriend . He's 30, she's 28. They both
  have blond hair, although Scotts could better be described as tan or light
  brown. They are 2 of the most attractive subs I've seen, and have what I consider
  perfect subbie bodies (slender, toned and worked out, yet vulnerable and very
  sensitive and easy to arouse). In addition they are very intelligent, articulate,
  and upscale, so there is plenty of room to bring them down in the world, so
  to speak.  
 They came to Cindy and I, because they both individually had always been
  so turned on by S&amp;M, but both much preferred the submissive role. They
  were tired of just the occasional S&amp;M session and wanted something between
  that, and a full lifestyle. A partial lifestyle, you could say, and they wanted
  to be erotically dominated together, they found it more exciting and erotic
  that way, so did Cindy and I. As Kelly is Bi and so are Cindy and I, the sex
  thing, with Scott included, works out just fine. Scott professes to be sexually
  straight, and prefers girls to other men for sex, but then slaves can't always
  choose their preferences, can they?  
 One evening about 3 months into their arrangement with us, we were all at
  the cool house Cindy and I share.  
 "It's time" I said, gleefully, mockingly, grinning ear to ear, as Cindy,
  also grinning, snapped leashes on to Scott and Kelly's collars, and began pulling
  them from the room.  
 They were nude of course except for their g-strings (the most clothing they
  are allowed to wear in the house), and their hands were cuffed behind their
  backs.  
 "Time for what," Scott inquired.  
 I slapped him hard but playfully on his bare ass.  
 "Time for you two to go public," I replied gleefully.  
 The four of us had talked about it for sometime, getting other people involved
  in our S&amp;M play and slave training, and going to the local S&amp;M club.
  All of us found it a very erotic and exciting idea, but Kelly and Scott had
  felt they weren't quite ready for such a new level of humiliation and exposure.  
 "Oh no...," came the immediate response, both of them digging in their heels.  
 "Oh yes...," I said, coming up behind them slipping my arms around two bare
  waists, and pushing while Cindy tugged on the leashes from the front.  
 "We talked about it long enough, and I know both of you will love it, and
  want to do it anyway."  
 In fact from between them I noticed that already their breathing had quickened,
  and that the nipples on both their bare chests had hardened.  
 "So we are going to do it, besides you don't have any choice, unless you
  want to never be slaves again , and stop seeing me and Cindy completely."  
 That got them to relent, and with Cindy pulling, and me pushing, we got
  them out of the house and into the car.  
 It was a cool night, and since Kelly and Scott were wearing only their g-strings
  they had to be chilly. While I drove Cindy crawled in the back seat with them
  to keep them warm by teasing and playing with their nipples. They both have
  remarkably sensitive and excitable nipples. Cindy had to repeatedly warn them
  not to moan or whimper too much as she teased them.  
 It is an hours drive to the club, and by the time we got there, forget the
  chilly night, both Scott and Kelly were flushed and perspiring, all the back
  windows were fogged, Kelly had become so aroused by the extended nipple teasing
  there was actually a puddle of wetness on the leather seat between her quaking
  thighs, and Scott's g-string was soaked with pre-cum his erection stretching
  beneath it like an iron rod. Without any pause we parked, and that's exactly
  how we marched them into the club.  
 It was still early, there were about 50 people in the somewhat cavernous
  club, and about 10 submissives. Judging from the flashes of bare skin, I saw
  in the dim light, none of the other submissives were nearly as bare as Kelly
  and Scott were. Kelly and Scott were naturally enough the automatic center
  of attention.  
 Such exquisite humiliation! To stand there all but naked before a crowd
  of strangers in a public place, and not only naked, but blatantly sexually
  aroused as well. The overload of humiliation was making both of them visibly
  tremble and quake as a crowd gathered. I was sure that if it wasn't for the
  adrenaline and endorphins flooding their systems from the hour of non stop
  sexual stimulation in the car, they would both have bolted. As it was they
  could only stand there trembling, red faced and flushed, their eyes on the
  floor as the crowd ogled them, commenting, giggling, laughing, whistling at
  them, or about them. Figuring they had , had enough, Cindy and I finally pulled
  them away, as we did, a club manager reminded us that our new submissive "guests" hadn't
  been registered as club members yet.  
   Kelly and Scott stood before the registration table.
  We had uncuffed and unleashed them. Behind the table sat two burly male dominants,
  and a devilish looking young fem-dom. Some of the color of embarrassment had
  drained from Kelly and Scotts faces now that they were out of the limelight.
  Their level of sexual arousal had visibly cooled as well( judging from the
  fact that Scott was only 1/2 erect beneath his g-string ) although the nipples
  on both their bare chests remained achingly hard, and each of their g-strings
  remained noticeably wet .  
 They had to give all their personal information, ( address, phone numbers
  etc.) Cindy and me, making sure they were truthful on everything . Then came
  the barked command,  
 "Get those g-strings down!"  
 Kelly complied fairly quickly, working the tiny thong down till it lay around
  her ankles. Scott on the other hand was much slower. He was clearly mortified
  at losing this last scrap of coverage and dignity, especially before other
  males, but he finally pulled his g-string down, and when he did his cock sprang
  to life, rising before our eyes, and stretching a long string of pre-cum from
  it's tip to his thigh. The registrars chuckled, and Scott colored furiously.
  I so much wanted to help him out by taking that slick aroused prick into my
  mouth right there, but there would be time for that later.  
 They now stood there totally nude. We make Kelly keep her sex shaved, allowing
  her only a small strip of hair above her pubis. Scott too, is required to keep
  about half of his pubic hair shaven off and his balls hairless. Standing there
  naked I don't think anyone could say they didn't look great . They had to answer
  intimate questions about their sex life and their S&amp;M experiences, then
  turn slowly around, arms up and down, legs spread, and closed so the registers
  could record any tattoos or piercings. Still naked they then each had to write
  a check ( we brought their check books ), for $100.00 as initial fee to be
  a new sub member of the club. Only then, were they allowed to pull their g-strings
  back up, and were welcomed to the club.  
 After registration we headed right to the bar. We don't usually allow Scott
  and Kelly alcohol, it could dull their desires and needs, and we want those
  sharp to better use them for our pleasure. On this occasion I thought we might
  make an exception, as the night had been fairly trying on them, and I thought
  we could all use a drink. They were both happy when I told them they were each
  allowed to have one drink, after........ they begged on their knees of course!
  Most of the floor of the club unfortunately, was smooth dark concrete sticky
  here and there with spilled drinks and discarded chewing gum. It had to be
  cold against Kelly and Scotts bare feet, and certainly was not the best surface
  for kneeling. Kelly obediently complied however, and knelt her nearly perfect
  body on the dirty floor in front of me.  
 "Please Mistress Cathy may I have a drink."  
 "Yes you may," I smiled.  
 Scott however, was a different matter, apparently he had decided his pride
  had, had enough.  
 "I'll skip a drink, and just have water," he sniffed, already ordering the
  same from the bartender.  
 "You'll have nothing then," I answered.  
 I canceled the water, and as Scott stood there helpless, I told the bartender
  no one was to serve Scott at all. Scott turned to face me, his little rebellion
  quite defeated.  
 "Well..... I'm waiting," I demanded.  
 Slowly he dropped to his knees by the bar on the sticky floor. I interrupted
  him before he say anything.  
 "First pull down your g-string."  
 People were noticing our 'scene', and we were collecting a small audience.
  Scott had gotten himself back in the limelight again.  
 "Please...," he whispered to me from his knees pleadingly.  
 Ignoring his plea, I nearly shouted for everyone's benefit,  
 "Would you rather I have you take it off completely, and you can stay naked
  the rest of the night?"  
 A couple of people clapped their approval of the suggestion. With trembling
  hands, on his knees, Scott lowered his g-string down his thighs. I was wearing
  my leather mini skirt, and stepped in close pressing my bare leg against his
  half hard cock, as he knelt.  
 "Now beg slave."  
 I lifted his chin so everyone could see his face.  
 I made him ask to be allowed anything to drink 3 times, running my fingers
  over his lips as he did so, feeling his bare cock hardening against my leg.
  When I stepped away, my knee was wet from Scott's trembling totally erect penis.
  Wow, now I needed a drink! Humiliating and sexually arousing someone at the
  same time, is such a rush! Scott red faced, had to struggle to pull his g-string
  up over his again iron hard erection. In the end, I only allowed them a half
  a drink each.  
 After awhile, Cindy and I met some friends from the S&amp;M scene, Carla
  and Sophie. We all moved over to a seating area where we sat on comfortable
  sofas, while Kelly and Scott knelt on the floor, carpeted in that area by thread
  bare carpet. As we talked it was Kelly and Scott's job to hop up and fetch
  us drinks from the bar, nude except for their little g-strings of course, and
  then serve them to us. This meant they had to make their way through the crowd
  where anyone could grope them or cop a feel of their nubile bodies. This went
  well enough for an hour or so, then we decided it was time for something else.  
 There was a horizontal brass rail along one side of the bar with handcuffs
  dangling from it. It is called the 'Cuffing Bar', and Dominants, can cuff their
  submissives and slaves there. When Kelly and Scott saw where we were heading
  with them, they both balked, trying to get a firm grip on the floor with their
  bare feet, but the 4 of us tugging, pushing, and giggling, got them into position
  and cuffed them to the railing. The Cuffing Bar isn't designed just to put
  submissives in light bondage, it's real purpose is to leave them helpless with
  their hands cuffed and attached to the bar, while they are partially ( or in
  Scott and Kelly's case, almost totally) undressed, at the mercy of a public
  crowd. Then giggling, the 4 of us, headed for the dance floor.  
 We took our time, and danced for about 5 songs, working off some of the
  alcohol before we remembered Kelly and Scott, and began to make our way back
  to the side bar. As we approached I could see a large crowd of people gathered
  around the Cuffing Bar, and in the center, flashes of bare skin, Kelly and
  Scott!  
 We elbowed our way through, and there was Kelly, her tanned wrists still
  cuffed to the bar, leaning back against a man who was fondling, tweaking, and
  teasing her smallish but perfectly shaped and up thrust bare breasts and especially
  her sexy little nipples. He must have been doing it for some time, as her eyes
  were half closed, her chest was flushed, and her very hard nipples were fully
  engorged. At the same time, the mans female companion knelt in front of her,
  passing an ice cube over Kelly's flat quivering belly just at the top of her
  g-string and occasionally dipping it underneath, down over the lips of her
  shaved sex. Meanwhile Scott stood cuffed opposite her, while two young women
  licked and tweaked his hard nipples, and a man ( a man mind you, Scott must
  have been too far aroused to care, or was too helpless to do anything about
  it ) rubbed Scott's steel hard bulging erection through his wet g-string to
  the giggles of the girls, and crowd.  
 It seeming like a good time to move in. Cindy and I reclaimed our 'property',
  uncuffed them, and led them away to a chorus of disappointed boos from the
  crowd. Thinking our slaves had enough for a while, we moved to a quiet corner
  and let Kelly and Scott sit, rest their racing bodies, and drink some water.
  It was now more crowded in the club. About 150 people were present, about 30
  of them submissives. About a half dozen of the submissives were now as nearly
  nude as Scott and Kelly, and another half dozen were totally nude, taking part
  in S&amp;M punishment sessions on the clubs two stages.  
 After our rest, Cindy and I, took Scott and Kelly with leashes attached
  to one of the stages to watch. They seemed less self conscious and embarrassed
  now as they walked nude, except for g-strings, through a public crowd, pulled
  on a leash. It's amazing what you can train people to get use to!  
 On the stage a male dominant was spanking a somewhat heavy nude female submissive
  tied over a horse. The blows were with a large wooden paddle with holes in
  it, and were hard and punishing, her ass was slowly turning from dark red to
  purple! Meanwhile on the same stage, a female dominant had her nude male sub
  locked in a iron maiden, with clamps and clothespins placed strategically around
  his body, and a good looking blond submissive wearing only a g-string was being
  tied to an X frame by her master.  
 As Kelly and Scott stood with their backs to me watching the stage I couldn't
  take my eyes off the sight of their perfect bare asses in front of me. We insist
  Kelly and Scott only tan in the nude, so they have no tan lines, lots of regular
  exercise keeps their asses toned and super firm, and they each have such flawless
  skin. As we watched the performance I stood behind and between them, stroking
  and cupping their sexy bare bottoms. I told them that for some infraction,
  they could be on the stage being punished for the crowd, and asked if they
  would they like that, and did it excite them. They both responded 'no' but
  I felt, and noticed how their bodies surged, and their breathing quickened
  at the thought. They said 'no', but their bodies were saying 'yes', 'yes'.  
 We made our way back to the seating area. It was Scott and Kelly's job to
  get drinks again. The crowd being much bigger now, Kelly was jostled on her
  way back from the bar spilling my drink. I told her she had just earned herself
  a punishment on stage. Her face blanched white and she moved to back away.
  I was on her in a flash, grabbing her wide pony tail of blond hair, twisting
  an arm behind her bare back. I conducted her that way, half bent over, to the
  smaller side stage, where I flung her over a horse and quickly fastened her
  spread ankles, and wrists down. As Scott committed the infraction of being
  late with Cindy's drink, she brought him along too.  
 There was no doubt, Kelly looked great tied over the horse, her perfect
  bare ass served up, arched out as a target, her toned bare legs stretched out
  taut, her bare breasts and hard nipples dangling down the other side. After
  suggestively caressing her quivering buttocks for a few seconds, I picked up
  a paddle..... and went to it.  
 Kelly took it quite well. As I neared the end of her spanking, I could hear
  her breath racing from the stinging pain in her ass, but that was all, she
  had her mouth clamped shut and had not shed a tear. I didn't want to hurt her
  too much, but as this was her first public spanking, I wanted to make it memorable,
  I wanted to at least make her scream or cry a little. I switched paddles to
  the heavy long one with the holes in it, that bruised the ass of the chubby
  submissive purple, got a 2 handed grip on its handle, and slammed it against
  Kelly's already very sensitized ass. Kelly's mouth flew open in surprise, and
  the air rushed out of her lungs in a rush. Before she could recover, I hit
  her again in the same place, her bare body going rigid, and her toes actually
  curling from the atrocious smart, then again and again. The last time she screamed,
  and then broke down, crying helplessly. Having made my point, I finished up
  with a few more slaps on her now fiery red ass, then released her and helped
  her down from the stage to a smattering of applause. Scott was next. Cindy
  bound him over the same horse and paddled his bare ass for anyone who cared
  to watch. When she was done we all headed back to the seating area.  
 If it was humiliating and embarrassing, for Kelly and Scott to walk around
  nude except for little g-strings through a dressed crowd, it was clearly extra
  humiliating and embarrassing for them to walk around nude except for little
  g-strings with their bare asses glowing a hot pink, or hot red, in Kelly's
  case, so everyone who even glanced at them knew they had recently been spanked.
  Back at the seating area, we again had them kneel on the thread bare carpet.
  They looked so delectable kneeling up off their heels, backs straight, chins
  up but eyes downcast. Kelly's bare breasts, so natural and exciting looking,
  pert, tear drop shaped, with silky soft but hard nipples. Scott's bare flat,
  well muscled but supple belly. Both their perfect asses glowing . We had them
  serve us drinks again, then we allowed them to sit on the sofas with us.......
  gingerly, in Kelly's case.  
 We talked with them about their feelings, and their experiences in the club
  so far. I asked if they were still sure that they wanted to be sexual submissives.
  The answers were emphatically.... 'yes'. Cindy complemented them on the night
  so far, and they replied that after tonight's experiences they knew all about
  being experienced sexual submissives. I had to laugh, and tell them that they
  were still just novices in submission, and had hardly even begun their training.
  Kelly especially took exception to this, saying that after tonight they knew
  all about submission, and that she could already perform just as well as any
  fully trained submissive. She became quite insistent about it, so I said,  
 " Fine, let's see."  
 I called over a passing dominant male club member, at least that's what
  I took him to be. I ordered Kelly and Scott to kneel again, and asked the passer
  by, if he would like to help us with a little 'scene'.  
 "Sure" he replied smiling, holding his drink.  
 "Good, Kelly kneel in front of him, Scott kneel facing his side."  
 "Go on get close, real close Kelly."  
 Kelly turned to look at me, now a little worried, but they knelt in position.
  Kelly's nose inches from the guys groin, Scotts 6 inches from the guys flank.  
 "Now get your g-string down Kelly, all the way down past your knees Kelly,
  you too Scott."  
 They complied, both of them blushing furiously at the total exposure.  
 "Now sir, if you would hand your drink to Scott..... good....... Kelly undo
  his zipper."  
 Kelly looked at me worriedly, her bottom lip trembling, but seeing my hard
  look, undid the mans fly.  
 "Now Kelly your going to take his penis out, put it in your mouth, and perform
  oral sex on him."  
 Such a shocked expression on her face!  
 "And if you don't do it, and do your best job, your going to be taken on
  the main stage naked, tied down and spanked, with the harshest, heaviest paddles
  they have here, as hard as anyone can, to the tune of 200 strokes on that perfect
  ass of yours, and then you'll still have to do it."  
 Kelly's mouth dropped open and color drained from her face.  
 "And Scott while your girl friend is giving this total stranger a blow job,
  your going to kneel there and hold his drink for him, watching how his prick
  slides in and out of her mouth, to make sure she does a good job, or it'll
  be you on the stage, and then you and she will still have to do it.......Any
  questions?"  
 What forlorn faces, Kelly and Scott turned to me and Cindy!  
 "These certainly are easy commands for well trained submissives," I observed.  
 "Well! If you don't start in 3 seconds Kelly, it'll be 200 strokes on your
  hot ass, plus how about, 100 on that taut belly of yours, and 100 across your
  breasts. Would you like to further increase your potential punishment?"  
 Kelly's cheeks reddened again, and trembling, she turned her face back to
  the guys crotch, and shakily undid his zipper releasing his cock, and commenced
  her task. The guys penis swelled quickly in her mouth to full erection. Cindy
  and I had always judged her a fair cock sucker. I admonished her to make sure
  she took his cock in all the way, and was rewarded by retching sounds, and
  tears in her eyes as the strangers prick bumped the back of her throat.  
 When Scott tried to look away, Cindy slapped Scotts bare ass hard.  
 "Pay attention Scott. Watch closely".  
 Having little choice, he did, as his face fully reddened.  
 "Now Kelly if this master chooses to honor you by coming in your mouth,
  you'll swallow every drop of his sperm. For every single drop you miss, you'll
  get 10 super hard strokes of the large paddle on your tight ass."  
 The slick shaft slid in and out of Kelly's mouth. Soon the guys hips begin
  to buck. I could tell when the first pre-cum leaked into Kelly's mouth, by
  the way she screwed her eyes shut and stiffened. Watching her relaxing her
  throat obediently, and swallowing, made me so hot. I knelt down to check the
  condition of our little slaves, to make sure they were also into the scene,
  in spite of themselves.  
 I reached around to Kelly's bare breasts, her nipples were rock hard. I
  tweaked them and was rewarded with an immediate moan and quivering from Kelly.
  With her g-string off and her vulva trimmed so hairless I could see she was
  wet. What's more being so close, I could actually smell her wetness and arousal.
  Going to Scott, his penis was 100% erect, straight up against his bare belly,
  almost reaching his navel. His nipples were rock hard too, and when I played
  with them he redfacedly squirmed so much, he almost spilled the drink he was
  holding, a drop of pre cum leaking from the tip of his penis.  
 By this time our 'guest' had his hands tangled in Kelly's hair while he
  really fucked her face, pulling her head to and fro, tears were flowing from
  her eyes as his dick continually hit the back of her throat making her cough
  with every thrust. He was getting quite rough.  
 "That's enough," I called, stepping in to break them apart.  
 Clearly the guy was disappointed when his erection slipped out of Kelly's
  mouth, but he took it good naturedly enough, retrieving his glass from Scott,
  and taking a good swig of his drink, his own hand trembling.  
 "Kelly, wipe your eyes and nose, thank this master and kindly put his tool
  away."  
 Naked on her knees, with her soft fingers, Kelly gently put the guys stiff
  cock back in his pants and said 'thank you master' in a hoarse voice. As it
  was late, we left the club soon after.  
 Back home, the 4 of us had great sex. Me and Cindy each came 3 times. As
  Scott's and Kelly's bodies, and their sexual responses are owned by us, we
  did not choose to allow them to come at all that night. They remained unsatisfied,
  bound on our bedroom floor, aroused, hot, erect, and wet. And as I snuggled
  down into the big comfortable bed I shared with Cindy, that was the last view
  I had of them, before drifting off to sleep.  
     
   
   THE NEXT MORNING     
   I awoke the next morning feeling terribly refreshed.
  Cindy had already gotten up. I peeked over the side of the bed, Kelly and Scott
  were still bound on the floor where we'd left them, on their backs, side by
  side, comfortable enough, but they weren't able to touch each other, or move
  any of their limbs much. They appeared to be asleep. Quietly, I slipped naked
  out of the big fluffy bed to the floor. First with Kelly, then with Scott,
  using my mouth and hands, I teased their nude bodies until they were both squirming
  in their bonds, just as aroused as they had been last night! Then giggling
  happily to myself, I padded nude to the bath.  
 By the time I was finished with my bath, Cindy had released Scott and Kelly.
  As a general rule, Cindy and I feel that our used bath water is good enough
  for the likes of our subbies, so after I got out, it was Scott and Kelly's
  turn in the now tepid water. They both fit nicely on their knees in the big
  sunken tub, their wrist cuffs clipped to a couple of dangling chains attached
  to the secure shower curtain rod. I took full liberty of their bound arms and
  opened knees, passing the wet slippery soap, over all their most interesting
  parts. I'd never seen Scott's penis, or Kelly's nipples so hard! After their
  bath they had a few minutes for their personal needs, and to tidy up the bathroom.  
 Then nicely dried, groomed, and naked, they joined me as I lounged in a
  short terry robe, pulling a comb through the conditioner in my hair as I read
  a magazine. They were both very fawning to me, trying to be affectionate (no
  doubt so maybe I'd let them come), as they went about serving me coffee, manicuring
  my nails etc. A hard nipple brushing me there, a hand sliding along my thigh
  there, Scott's tongue actually gliding on my bare leg, Kelly's warm breath
  on my neck. Of course I knew that they had been terribly aroused yesterday,
  and last night, and again this morning and not allowed to come, but that was
  sometimes the lot of submissives. Being sexually charged up, and unable to
  grant yourself relief, was part of what it was about.  
 At first their actions to seduce me and remain servile at the same time
  were amusing, but then they started to become annoying, especially as I was
  interested in the magazine I was reading. When Kelly nipped at my earlobe with
  her perfect white teeth, I had enough. I threw the magazine in a rage, grabbed
  them each, and yanked them into what we call our playroom, and others may call
  our dungeon, where I fastened each over a leather horse, naked and bent double
  with their legs widely spread, and their wrists and ankles fastened down. After
  gagging them I selected a stout leather paddle and let them have it. They each
  got 100 whacks of the paddle on their bouncing, hot asses, as hard as I could
  deliver them. It was a good thing they were tied down and gagged, even though
  our playroom is fairly soundproof, I'm sure without the gags their screams
  and cries would have been heard a block away. By the time I was finished they
  both sagged across the horses covered with sweat, both sobbing uncontrollably
  around their gags. Their asses looked for all the world like 2 lurid, very
  ripe, red tomatoes. Cindy stepped in on her way to work.  
 "Whew!........What did they do to deserve that...." she asked, surprised
  at the beet red bottoms, and sagging, sweating bodies she saw before her.  
 "Do to deserve it....," I replied merrily,  
 "Nothing really......... I just felt like it," I grinned.  
 "You truly are evil," Cindy smiled, embracing me, our lips meeting in an
  open mouthed kiss, her hand sliding to my own nakedness beneath my robe, down
  by velvety hard belly, to find my sex between by athletic legs wet, from the
  fun of spanking Kelly and Scott.  
 "I'll see you tonight," she said smiling, her hand gliding over my pert
  ass, before leaving.  
 Later, as I watched Kelly and Scott dress for work, I noticed them wince
  as they pulled their clothing over their burning swollen bottoms. For the rest
  of the day, whenever I thought of the intimate pain my spankings would cause
  them, a 100 times that day, as they sat, or stood, or moved, at their conservative,
  straight laced jobs, a sexual tingle would shoot through me. Being a Mistress
  is soooo much fun!  
 Some may think me cruel, not so, I would say. Every sadomasochistic relationship
  needs a balance of sadism as well as masochism, else it would not be a sadomasochistic
  relationship. All dominants must be very careful to keep that balance, and
  not become so enamored of, and tender to our subbies, that we forget the sadistic
  element, and ruin the relationship for everyone. At any rate, the choice is
  always the subbies. Since the relationship is, at it's base, completely consensual,
  the subbies can give it up at any time, simply but breaking off with the dom,
  if their desires are 'truly' not being fulfilled.  
 Scott and Kelly of course, didn't break off anything, and did return that
  evening, promptly on time, and quickly stripped down, to get into their thongs.
  This evening they served Cindy and I dinner, and as they did so, naked except
  for their g-strings, it was obvious that their flawless asses would be bruised
  for some days from this mornings spankings.  
 During dinner we decided to take some pity on them, and give them a treat.
  As they were clearing dishes, I detained Kelly, cupping one firm breast in
  my hand, while Cindy detained Scott. As Kelly stood there holding a plate I
  played with one hardening nipple, then both, tweaking, flicking them back and
  forth, teasing. She was silent and still at first, but after a while, she began
  squirming in place, making little whimpering noises in her throat. A small
  amount of grease from the plate she was holding slipped down her flat belly,
  (Kelly by the way has great abs, flat, and muscular, rippling but supple).
  As a matter of fact, I had been meaning to mention to Cindy that I thought
  Kelly must have lost a couple of pounds recently because her belly seemed even
  flatter and more defined than usual of late. I leaned over and moving my tongue
  slowly up the velvety skin of her flat middle, licked it off. This made Kelly
  moan, and her eyes flutter. Reaching out, I pulled her g-string down her long
  legs, and off, leaving her naked. Glancing over toward Cindy I saw she was
  doing the same to Scott. I tilted the plate Kelly held, causing more of the
  slippery thin gravy, to coat her from the navel down, and proceeded to thoroughly
  lick all that off. By the time I was done her skin from hip bone to hip bone,
  and navel to mid thigh shone with my saliva, and her lower belly was undulating
  and rippling under my tongue like a snake. Her body seemed to radiate heat,
  and she was moaning through pressed lips. Looking up toward her face I saw
  that her pupils had dilated, her nipples were very hard, and her chest near
  her neck, had begun to redden in a sex flush. Sitting back, and wiping my lips
  with the back of my hand, I cooed up at her,  
 "Ok Kelly........ time to show us what a little slut you really are. We
  would like a little entertainment with the rest of our dinner, so you and Scott
  can fuck for us..... Lay on the counter, on your back, with your legs spread."  
 Cindy who had been busy with Scott while I was busy with Kelly ceased in
  her ministrations and they both turned to look at us. Kelly hesitated.  
 "Now... dear" I said mockingly, taking the plate from her trembling hands.  
 Kelly walked unsteadily naked toward the counter, that separates our dinning
  area, from the kitchen. It's a sturdy island type affair about waist high,
  bare, and unobstructed to the ceiling. Hard laminate, it would be pretty uncomfortable,
  but I knew this would only enhance Kelly's pleasure..... and mine and Cindy's
  as well. Kelly, with her back to it, hoisted herself up and placed her bare
  ass on the hard surface, her legs dangling over the edge.  
 "I said, lay down Kelly, and spread your legs."  
 Kelly slid her heated body, with some reluctance across the cold counter
  top and lay down upon it.  
 "Spread your legs farther."  
 She moved her tanned, strong, legs farther apart.  
 "Wider Kelly..... I mean it!"  
 The only way she could spread her legs wider, was to bend her knees sharply,
  jackknifing them, so her heels rested on the counter top corners, and her thighs,
  were spread to the utmost, her pussy displayed almost as much as at the gynecologist.  
 "Good....... now beg Scott to fuck you."  
 A blush rose to Kelly's face, and she wet her lips with her tongue.  
 "Come on Kelly...." Cindy coaxed, her hand stroking Scott's slick, throbbing
  erection, as he squirmed.  
 I rose from the table, picking up a handy chargeable static shocking wand
  (there's lots of BDSM gadgetry laying around our house, this is one of the
  coolest, delivering sizzling stinging shocks of static electricity). I touched
  the wand to Kelly's erect nipple, and the blue sparks crackled.  
 "Ahhh!..." she screamed, her body jerking on the counter, at the stinging
  shock.  
 "I said beg!"  
 "Please, please..... fuck me Scott," Kelly responded.  
 "Smear your wetness over your pussy lips."  
 Reaching down, Kelly spread her pussy juice all over her sex. I touched
  the wand to Kelly's wet labia.  
 "EeeeeeeOwww......" she screamed, her bare body arching, then bouncing on
  the countertop.  
 "Beg better..." I smiled.  
 "Oh... God....Scott.... please...please... fuck me..... please fuck me."  
 Satisfied, we gave Scott the go ahead, and without further delay , he slide
  his slick cock to the hilt in her hot vagina. It was somewhat awkward for Scott,
  as he had to both get his knees on the counter, and fit between her splayed
  feet, but they managed. Cindy and I returned to our dinner. Enjoying the tableau
  of our 2 naked slaves fucking each other on the countertop 10' away, and sipping
  our wine to the accompaniment of their moans and whimpers, and the rhythmic
  creaking of the counter as they fucked. When the creaking, and their movements
  became too frantic and furious, we required them to remain still, with Scott
  holding himself in Kelly, while their bodies receded from the edge of orgasm,
  before ordering them to continue. When it was clear they couldn't hold back
  any longer, we stopped them, and with Cindy in charge of Scott, and me in charge
  of Kelly, rushed them to the playroom, where we lashed each of them standing
  on tiptoe to the 2 round structural support pillars in the room, facing the
  pillars, their naked bellies pressed against them.  
 "Ok.... slaves" Cindy intoned, "here's your chance to orgasm tonight........and
  your only chance.... rub those hot bodies, and throbbing sexes, against the
  pillar till you come.......you won't get another chance for sometime."  
 Kelly lost no time in grinding her soft body against the hard steel pillar,
  even wrapping her strong legs around it and sliding her well oiled vulva and
  slick pubis up and down the 5" diameter pole. It took her only 2 minutes to
  come, her marvelous ass shaking and quaking as she did.  
 Scott too lost no time, desperately rubbing himself against his pillar,
  but had more difficulty. His hard slick penis was slippery, and kept sliding
  round one side or the other of the rounded unyielding metal. Cindy finally
  steadied him, and he worked himself for 4 minutes before he came. After their
  orgasms, we released them, and then naked on their knees had them clean their
  respective pillar with their tongues of any fluids they left behind. Then since
  we were in the playroom anyway, and our two cute subbies were all warmed up,
  naked on their knees, and me and Cindy had yet to have our desert...................................  
 Copyright (c) 2001, by BlueKnight, all rights reserved.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Blueknight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





