BDSM Library - Off The Beaten Track




Off The Beaten Track
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two women tourists in USA take wrong turn and end up in undesirable area. Rape and forced lesbian acts take place.
OFF THE BEATEN TRACK by Pauly              21/10/2001

"Okay girls, let's see you strip," said the tall black guy.
Lisa and Alice looked at each other in fear.

The two women in their early twenties had flown into Florida from England
several days ago as part of a three week vacation. They had picked up a car from
the rental company at approximately 12pm and had taken a wrong turn off the main
highway half an hour later only to find themselves in a run down neighbourhood
which turned out to be a "no go" area for tourists.

Lisa, a tall leggy longhaired blond had been driving the car whilst Alice, a
brunette with long shaggy permed hair, was map reading. It was her map reading
error that found them in the predominantly commercial run down area and the
squeaky clean red four door saloon baring the rental company's number plates
started to draw the attention of some of the locals.

Lisa drove the car down to a T-junction and noticed a group of coloured youths
standing on the corner next to a blue car. The youths took note of the two girls
and as they turned the left corner Lisa noticed two of the youths get into the
car and start to follow them.

It did not take long before for the occupants of the blue vehicle to overtake
the girl's and pull over in front of them falsing them to stop. Before Lisa and
Alice had a chance to lock the car or try and reverse away from the situation,
the black youths had opened Lisa's door and pulled her out. Alice froze in shock
as her screaming friend was pulled from the car and forced into the back seat
accompanied by one of the youths. The other slid into the drivers seat and held
a knife to Alice's neck.

"Don't do anything stupid you white mother fucker or you will get it"

Alice shook her head. Lisa had been struggling against her captive in the back
of the car but quietened down as soon as the guy slapped her hard round the
face.

"Looks like we have got ourselves a nice bit of white pussy," said the youth in
the front.

"Yeah Hub" replied his accomplice "lets get this car over to Dexy's yard quick"

Hub started up the car, selected drive and then sped off towards the yard.

As they pulled into the premises, Lisa noticed that it was a vehicle scrap yard
with cars of all shapes and sizes stacked three high for as long as the eye
could see. Hub drove up to the only building in the yard, a large single storey
one with double doors that were open. Hub drove in and then stopped the car. He
got out, and closed the doors. The room was quite dark now except for the light
shining through a small window to the left of the doors.

"Get the bitches out Stevie," said Hub returning to the car. The youth in the
back opened one of the rear doors and climbed out. He beckoned with his knife to
Lisa to follow. Hub opened the front passenger's side door and pulled the
frightened Alice out by the arm.

The smell of the room hit Lisa. It was obviously used in connection with the
dismantling of vehicles. There was a hydraulic ramp in the corner and several
old engines, vehicle parts and tools around the room. The smell was like a
personification of used engine oil, grease and petroleum. Both women were man
handled towards an open door in the far corner of the room through which
sunlight was shining. It turned out to be a make shift office with desk, several
chairs and a double bed in the corner. Lisa could only assume that night
watchmen used the bed.

Hub signalled to the women to sit down on the bed while the youth called Stevie
picked up the telephone on the desk and made a short call.

"Hi, is that Chico? Yeah, got something that you might be interested in. Yeah,
Dexy's yard, see ya, bye"

"They are on their way," he said to Hub. He then turned to look at the women.

He thought the blond one was quite pretty in her jeans, blue t-shirt and high
heels and her breasts seemed to be in proportion with her figure. The dark
haired girl was a bit shorter and was wearing a white t-shirt, blue shorts and
high heels. The breasts of the brunette looked larger then her friends.

Stevie flashed his knife at the women.

"Okay girls, let's see you strip"

Lisa and Alice looked at each other in fear. Lisa stood up.

"Look, if it is money you want we can get...."

"Hey English mother fuckers" said Hub.

"Yeah" said Stevie, looks like we are gonna have ourselves some English ass"

"Look" said Lisa trying to bargain with the youths "let us go please and we
won't tell anyone"

"Sure you won't tell anyone Babe" said Hub. He grabbed Lisa around the throat
"cause you aint going no where now strip down to underwear before I do it for
you" He slammed the women back on the bed.

Stevie grabbed Alice and made her stand up.

"Right let's get you stripped" He savagely tugged at the women's t-shirt at the
neck and Alice sobbed as she was pulled around like a rag doll as the man ripped
away the t-shirt exposing her white bra. He then ripped the fastener of her
shorts and pulled them down her brown legs exposing white knickers. Stevie put
his nose to the women's pubic mound and sniffed.

"Yeah, I can smell cunt"

The sobbing women was pushed back onto the bed when her shorts had been removed.

Whilst Alice was being stripped, Hub had been seeing to Lisa. He had rolled her
onto her stomach and ripped the shirt off her back. He then rolled her over,
took time to enjoy the sight of the white women's titties peeping through the
black lace bra, before removing her shoes, and tugging off her jeans revealing
matching black lace panties.

Both women were now stripped down to their underwear. The men turned their
captives round, Hub patted Lisa on her bottom and ran his hand inside her
panties and put his mouth close to her ear and she could smell garlic and cheap
aftershave.

"Nice bit of white ass" he said, "I hope that this arse is used to a bit of
black cock"

The door opened and a third black youth appeared.

"Hey, who are these white bitches we have got here?"

"Hey Chico" greeted Stevie "you are just in time to join in the fun"

"The man took off his waist length leather jacket and placed it on the desk. He
removed a handgun that was stuffed into the waistband of his jeans and placed it
on the desk

"Do you think these bitches are up to it?" said Chico.

"They need persuasion man," said Hub "let me borrow your piece" Chico nodded and
Hub picked the gun up from the table and all three men sat down on the chairs on
the opposite side of the room facing the bed.

"What will it be?" said Stevie to the other two.

"I reckon these two should get themselves a bit warmed up while we get undressed
don' you?" said Hub.

"I can dig that," said Chico.

Hub stood up and waved the gun towards the women.

"Let's see you girls licking each other's pussies and tits," he said.

"B, but..." stammered Alice. Lisa looked shocked.

Hub aimed the gun at the floor in front of the women and pulled the trigger.
There was a blast from the gun and both women looked petrified.

" There is no one for miles around bitches," said Hub " the next shot will be
yours if you don't do as you are told now get to it. Now stand up and remove
each other bras.

Both women stood up. Reluctantly, Lisa let Alice undo her bra clip and the cloth
fell away revealing a round pair of breast with small brown nipples. Lisa did
the same to Alice and the women's bigger breasts with large lack areolas came
into view.

"Now the panties ladies"

Alice hooked her fingers into the waistband of her friends black knickers and
pulled them down her legs revealing her blond well-trimmed bush. Lisa did not
look at the youths. She could sense their eyes on her and she felt shame and
humiliation as she pulled down Alice's white knickers bringing her big black
bush into view. Both girls then stood and used their hands in an attempt to
cover themselves from their captives.

"Hey babies, no need to be shy. When we are finished you wont know the meaning
of the fucking word," said Hub. "Now Blondie lay down on the bed, and I want
you, dark haired bitch, to get on top. I want tongues in cunts ladies, you know,
like 69."

"Yeah" the other two youths agreed.

Lisa looked disgusted; she had never done anything like this with a women
before, or even performed in front of anyone before. Hub pointed the gun towards
them and Lisa realised that there was no choice if she wanted to stay alive.

Lisa lay down on the bed and she tried not to look as her friend straddled her
body and positioned her cunt and rump in close proximity to her mouth. Lisa had
never seen Alice's pussy before and had no intention of doing so either. She
could smell the girl's body as the hairy crack came nearer to her face and she
was suprised that it smelt okay. Alice placed her head between Lisa's open legs.

"Let's see some licking ladies," said Hub.

"Lisa could feel her friend's wet tongue jutting around the folds of her pussy
and she buried her tongue into the opening of Alice's cunt.

Lisa felt degraded and she felt ashamed as her body slowly gave into the
tickling friend's tongue and began to feel aroused. She could also hear small
moans coming from her friend, and the cunt she was licking was getting wet and
smelt potent which suggested that her friend was equally enjoying herself.

The black youth called Stevie had removed his clothes and the other two were in
the process of undressing. Stevie's 8 inch shaft was hardening as he got onto
the bed behind Alice. He grabbed hold of the women's thighs and pulled her cunt
away from Lisa's face.

"Thank you baby" he said to Lisa as he swung a thigh each side of her upturned
face. All Lisa could see was the large cock and balls of the guy as he
positioned himself behind Alice's glistening quim. Lisa watched as the youth
leaned forward and the big head of his cock began to enter the women's cunt.

Alice panicked when she felt the unwanted obtrusion and lifted her head up.
Stevie grabbed her hair and pushed her down to her friend's cunt.

"Just lick bitch," he ordered.

Lisa watched as the youth's swollen member disappeared into her friend's pussy.
Alice was whimpering but was still lapping at her cunt sending warm pleasant
feelings through her. Stevie had the whole of his cock buried inside Alice right
up to his balls. He slowly moved backwards and forwards increasing his pace, and
Lisa thought that his constantly wet cock proved that Alice must have been
getting something out of it!!

After what seemed like several minutes Lisa could sense the heat of the two
bodies above her and could smell their bodily fluids as Stevie's balls tightened
and he rammed his cock into Alice as hard as he could whilst he shot his load.

Without a moments thought Stevie removed his dripping cock from Alice's cunt and
positioned himself over Lisa.

"Suck it clean or I will shoot you"

Lisa took the salty tasting rescinding black cock into her mouth and licked
around it.

Chico joined the three-some and chose Alice as his victim. He rolled her off of
Lisa and onto her back. Lisa could see the man's behind as her straddled Alice's
neck and forced her to suck cock as he reached behind and grabbed and tweaked
her breasts and nipples.

Stevie, satisfied with his 'clean dick' left Lisa and crawled over the bed to
give Chico encouragement.

"Up bitch" commanded Hub as he pulled at the blond women's hair. As he pulled
her off the bed she noticed his black muscular body and large erect cock. He
moved her over to the chairs on the other side of the room and made her kneel
down and motioned her to place her body over the chairs, her long blonde hair
dangling to the floor.

He was behind her and used his knees to spread her legs wide exposing her
asshole and virgina. His cock was at the folds of her cunt as he picked up a
can, leaned forward and spoke to her.

"I don't think that cunt needs juice but that ass certainly does whore." Said
Hub, "that's why this engine oil will come in fucking handy"

"NOOOOO" Lisa feared engine oil in her private areas and tried to get up from
the chairs. Hub pinned her down with one arm and poured oil over her butt and
smeared it around her asshole. He pulled around the hole and worked as much of
the oil in as he could. Waste oil dripped down to her virgina and onto the
floor.

He positioned his cock against her cunt and rammed it inside. Lisa felt the
large member inside. Whilst she was no virgin, her sexual experience was rather
limited and at the ripe age of 24 she had only slept with three men, all in the
missionary position. It was either the size of the cock or the position she was
not used to, but her cunt felt full and stretched, a feeling she was not used
to.

It felt as if the black guys cock was trying to enter her belly as he pulled in
and out. Then without warning, he pulled out and re-adjusted the position of
Lisa's butt as he intended to take her up the back passage.

Alice sucked the cock of the black man in front of her. It smelt salty and of
urine and his crutch smelt sour. At the age of 25, she was not used to this
'type' of sex and was more used to candle lit dinners and straightforward sex in
dim light.  

Out of the corner of her eye she noticed that the first man (Stevie) was putting
on his slacks. Without warning, Chico, withdrew, climbed off the bed and grabbed
Alice's hair. He pulled her up and repositioned her on all fours. As Alice was
'man-handled' into position she noticed Lisa bent over some chairs with a man
buried inside her.

Chico laughed as he picked up a container and poured engine oil over Alice's
hair, back, and arse. The women stayed in position, fear taking over, as the guy
rubbed the potent oil around her hanging breasts, thighs, shoulders, arse and
cunt.

Lisa buried her head in the chair as Hub shoved his cock into her arse and
gradually worked it into her inch by inch. Lisa had never had anything other
than a tissue anywhere near that hole in her life and had never contemplated
having anal sex. It seemed as if the cock was entering her bowel.

Alice screamed as Chico, hand on cock and hand on the women's hair, entered her
anus and pushed it inside and up a bit at a time. She was 23 years of age and
had never had anal sex. Her ex-husband had never had any desire in that
direction and neither had she. Her current boyfriend in England (if she was ever
to see him again) had never suggested this 'sort' of sex and neither was it
desired.

It did not take long for Chico (who had enjoyed an earlier sucking by the girl)
to pump his hot seaman into the girl's arse. As Chico came, all Alice could feel
was the uncomfortable feeling of a hot liquid pumping deep inside her body.
Chico wanted his cock cleaned by the women but Alice had fainted. As he withdrew
Alice's body went limp and drips of seamen seeped from her behind.

Hub removed his wet cock from Lisa's cunt. As far as he was concerned she had
'complained' a lot and had not shown much satisfaction (if any), not that it
mattered.

Her body was dripping with engine oil, which, after he had poured it on her, he
had smeared over her shoulders, back, arse cheeks, thighs, tits and stomach. The
oil had a darkening affect on the skin and made the women look hot, shiny,
fucked and sexy.

Lisa braced herself as she felt a probing at her anal entrance as Hub pushed his
cock into her 'oiled' arse. The skin tugged as the youth inched his cock further
into her shiter and her only thoughts were of how the day would end. It dawned
on her that whilst she was being pumped full of cock up the back passage, she
was being used, abused, and could be killed by their abductors.

Hub's cock worked the oil lubricant inside Lisa's arse and soon his 8 inches
were more-or-less inside. He grabbed Lisa's hair to stop her struggling and
steadied himself as he pulled himself in and out of the women. Lisa felt as if
her arse was on fire and every thrust inside the tight passage made her feel as
if she needed a crap. Hub rode her hard and kept her in that position whilst he
rode her arse. When he came, Lisa was nearly loosing consciousness and could
only just feel the hot seaman soaking her arse.

Lisa remained on the chairs crying. Hub grabbed her by the hair and shoulder and
said

"Baby, time for you to go"

She was pulled up and placed on one of the chairs she had previously occupied.
She sat naked as she breathed heavily, chest and breasts heaving, legs apart,
pussy exposed and arse dripping sperm.

He placed the gun to Lisa's temple and was set to pull the trigger. The sodden
Alice saw what was happening and took Hub by surprise as she shrieked and
launched herself towards Hub who shot her as he landed upon him. With the other
youths some way from her Lisa took the initiative and threw herself through the
office window and landed in the yard. Naked, cut and bruised she ran towards the
scrap vehicles for cover. She knew that she was along way from safety.

To be continued.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pauly


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





