BDSM Library - Initiation of Sophie




Initiation of Sophie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a girl who endures special suffering in a special sorority.
Initiation of Sophie

by MrBondskin

Fictional Account containing at least: bondage, sadomasochism, torture, violent
sex, latex, rubber, piss, shit, incest.

The following is the story of a young college girl who endures special suffering
in a special sorority.

 * * * * * * *




Initiation of Sophie

by MrBondskin

Chapter 1

It was what Sophie thought she wanted.  Sophie had been warned about the
initiations that would follow her decision.  This night was just the beginning
of the process, and she had been both warned about it, and was told to look
forward to it.  Even as she was filled with anxiety and apprehension, especially
after being matter-of-factly ordered to remove every shred of her clothes,
Sophie was filled with resolve, and the mantra that repeated in her mind: I have
to get into this sorority.

Delicate hands with french nails applied more clear liquid onto Sophie's sinewy
upper thighs.  True, her whole shapely body was already encased in tight liquid
latex, but with the application of each new layer, a new wave of solvent was to
be added.  It was tradition.  The liquid seemed to surround and restrict the
movements of her slightly larger than average breasts, and constrict her chest
all the way to her narrow waist.  Sophie bit into her gag and tried to inhale
deeply through the narrow breathing tube.  Her nose had been plugged with
breathing tubes an hour ago, and she continued to fight the panic and fear of
suffocation.  These hazing nights were all about conquering fear and showing you
had the mettle to make it into the exclusive club. 

No one but the freshmen would even think of giggling at such a ceremony.  This
was a serious tradition.  Sophie heard one of the girl's giggles followed five
minutes later by the stripping of clothes and a furious whipping.  The girl of
laughter would have cried out if not for the fully-pumped inflatable gag. 
Sophie knew what the gag felt like---she had yet to know the whippings so
intimately.  There were no subsequent giggles.  Only two more layers of liquid
latex spread onto Sophie's body, then the actual black catsuit.

While the last layer of liquid was drying, the Junior and Senior sisters took
turns playing with Sophie's exposed pussy.  There was only a narrow opening, but
large enough to tug and pull the lips out of hiding.  Two of the sisters handled
tweezers and plucked pubic hairs one by one.  All of Sophie's emotions and
senses seemed heightened, and thus she wanted to cry out in a dizzying mixture
of shock and sexual arousal.  Such a small tool and such a delicate target, but
so much intense little pain streaked along her pussy lips. 

The liquid layers dried and tightened one upon the other.  Sophie's breathing
labored and she told herself to slow her breathing down.  It was difficult when
one of the sisters was handed a soft cat o'nine tails and instructed to aim for
Sophie's most vulnerable spot.  Without hesitation, the cat's braids came
crashing down on her pussy.  Sophie bit down hard into the gag, praying that the
tube would not explode in her stretched mouth. 

Sophie reminded herself, even if she didn't know exactly what to expect
beforehand, this is why she chose this school.  The scholarship opportunities
and internships that the leadership promised were the prizes awaiting her.  The
promise of opportunity she told herself---after every new strike of the
whip---was why she endured all the mental tests and bizarre panel questioning of
the sorority's president leading up to this moment.   

Her body instinctively tried to move with each blow falling on her now-swollen
pussy, but Sophie's body remained almost lifeless.  With each wrist and each
ankle held down to the metal table by a pair of girls, the motion from her body
looked like a series of small tremors.  Everything under the latex was held so
compactly and so tightly that there was precious room for any movement.  You had
to observe close to even detect her shallow breathing. 

Though her hearing capacity was dulled, Sophie could make out the sound of
something new coming her way.  Gentle hands were roughly handling her body now
and sliding on a new outer layer.  It was a complete bodysuit made of very
expensive black rubber latex.  Opera gloves were slid onto her slim hands and
arms.  Thigh high leggings rolled up her long sexy legs, made even sexier by
their dark and shiny beauty.  The single zipper came up to her neck now, pulling
taut and mashing down her size 36C breasts to some degree.  The last few
centimeters were the toughest, but with all those helping hands, the task was
achieved.  To top off her body, an ultra tight black mask was spread onto her
face.  This left open only the tiny nose holes for her breathing tubes.  The
strings were tightened behind her head and Sophie could not believe that this
second skin could feel any tighter.  There was at least one more restrictive
accessory which temporarily escaped Sophie's racing mind: The corset.

The Sophomore girls were instructed to move Sophie into position for the
fitting.  Sophie could not move herself anymore, so all her future movements
would have to be made for her.  Sophie's thoroughly encased body was slid off
the table and stood straight up.  Her arms were lifted up, in spite of the three
layers of tight latex, and each wrist was surrounded by a thick rubber manacle
with a metal O-ring.  Once her arms were raised up high, the girls attached a
wide spreader bar between her wrists and secured each end to her separate
manacles. The spreader bar was hooked to a chain that descended from the ceiling
and Sophie's body was drawn up just an inch or so.  With the balls of her latex
covered feet no longer touching the floor, the sisters brought out the six-inch
platform heels and strapped them to Sophie's feet.  The spreader bar was once
again drawn up and now Sophie could just barely touch the floor with the soles
of her new platforms. There wasn't much leverage, but it prevented Sophie from
hanging by her wrists alone.

In this hanging position, Sophie found her ability to breathe even more
challenged.  She reminded herself that there had to be a payoff for her
endurance.  She saw flashes of the people she knew who cautioned her against
this course of action.  The words of her best friend in high school, Robin, who
now went to a university halfway across the state, warned Sophie that some
college girls had told her the sorority had been developing a bad reputation in
spite of its high graduation rate.  Even Sophie's younger sister, Dorena, a 17
year-old attending high school back home, had heard weird tales about a few
girls after getting into the club.  After the first few weeks of university
life, those same girls never acted the same again at parties or football games.   

In her own mind, Sophie could see the faces of those who counseled her, but she
tried to ignore them now, as she ignored them then.  She had to maintain her
focus. Those were just urban legends, or stories propagated by jealous sorority
girls, she told herself.  Every house has its hazing practices, even Sophie's
mother confirmed that truism.  The girls who do make it from this small
off-campus sorority, would be privvy to the best contacts, the best careers. 
After all, Sophie had received the invitation from Beta-Delta-Sigma to join; 
she had to at least try.  She had the chance to interview with a couple of the
Seniors.  Sophie had the chance to back out, even when the pair of latex-clad
Elder sisters warned her that the tests were definitely unique and might be just
a little frightening to most university frosh.  But if she passed the trials,
Sophie was told, then she could begin to meet with the "right" people about
off-campus and career opportunities. 

Right now Sophie's focus was on blocking out the pain and remembering to
breathe.  The black corset was wrapped carefully around Sophie's waist.  To pull
the strings and hold the increasing tension, three sisters were required. 
Sophie's waist was appropriate for her body, therefore this new accessory
dramatized her naturally narrow waist.  With each leather string being
tightened, Sophie's waist felt smashed and her abdomen cramped.  Finally after
much tugging and pulling, the application of the corset was complete and
Sophie's new waistline was reduced from 23 to 20 inches. 

Sophie felt her body being wrenched up, and now the front of the platforms just
barely scraped the wood floor.  She let out a small groan as her wrists and
shoulders bore most of her weight now.  Sophie was left in this painful hanging
position for some twenty minutes before the sisters returned with leather whips. 
At first Sophie was glad to know that someone had at least returned; she had
anticipated that she would be let down.  Instead, she was greeted by
simultaneous whippings from over a dozen sisters.  Some of the whips were heavy
and wide, and others were very thin and innocent in appearance.  But at some
point, all of the whips began to hurt and Sophie couldn't tell which one was
which after 10 solid minutes of attack.  The pain in her wrists and shoulders
was easier to forget when every other portion of her body was crying out in
anguish.  For six hours the trend continued.  Sophie was given 20 minutes to
rest, and then she was whipped by all the sisters for at least a quarter of an
hour.  At 3 a.m., the slack in the chain was released and Sophie was allowed to
stand on her platforms again.  Her head bowed forward and she passed out, tired,
hungry and in pain. 

Sophie was aroused out of her sleep by a sharp crisp smack on her latex clad
ass.  The sisters removed Sophie from the hanging contraption and applied a
leather collar with O-ring tightly around her neck.  Next they applied a dog
leash and propped her body up so that she was on her hands and knees.  She could
not move herself quickly, and her limbs were very sore from the night's
activities, so her body behaved and was molded into whatever position the
sisters saw fit.  For breakfast a trio of Beta-Delta-Sigma sisters let Sophie on
all fours and into the kitchen.  A saucer of milk was set down in front of her. 
The black mask and inflatable gag she wore during her sleep were removed and
quickly replaced with a different kind of tight latex mask.  This second one had
eyeholes and a small mouth hole only.   A breathing tube was placed  through the
mouth hole and she was instructed to use this narrow tube to syphon up her milk. 
Sophie had some difficulty getting adjusted but she managed to slowly make some
progress.  She thought that the milk tasted funny, not sour, but simply
different.  If she slowed down, to try and catch her breath, Sophie's ass was
quickly struck by one of the girls. 

While finishing her breakfast, Sophie heard one of the Senior sisters admonish
one of the Sophomores who was preparing and serving pancakes.  The Sophomore,
named Kimberly, had made some careless mistake and the older sister was enraged. 
The Senior ordered the table cleared and then commanded Kimberly to strip off
her dress and then lie down on the heavy wooden table.  Kimberly quickly removed
her black and white rubber maid outfit.  She tossed down the short rubber dress
and was left completely naked save for the black latex leggings, gloves, and 7"
high heels.  Kimberly slowly crawled up on the table, asking for forgiveness the
whole time. 

Vicki, a Senior and President of Beta Delta Sigma, disregarded all the younger
girl's pleas.  She told the other girls to gather around the table because she
had a treat for them.  Vicki filled a Coronet bowl with a bottle of pancake
syrup and heated it up on High power in the microwave for a minute.  The bowl
coming out of the microwave was extremely hot and Vicki's fingers rushed to
bring the bowl over to the trembling Kimberly.  Kimberly closed her eyes quickly
and could not watch as the elder sister poured the steaming hot syrup on her
prone body from her neck, over her nickel-sized nipples, and all the way to her
quivering clean shaven pussy.  Kimberly let out a terrific scream upon impact
and Vicki gestured to all the girls to lick it up, as if to say, "Breakfast is
served." 

Sophie listened and was silently thankful that she was not alone in this ordeal. 
Hunched over her milk, Sophie resolved to remain strong and not to panic. 
Certainly the path was not easy, but she had faith that the rewards would be
great.  




*  *  *  *  *
Chapter 2

On the follwing Friday after classes, Sophie was instructed to be at the main
house by 4 in the afternoon.  When she arrived, a serving maid named Kristee
greeted her at the door.  Kristee was one of the most impressive girls that
Sophie had encountered when she initially arrived at the house.  On this
evening, Kristee was wearing her wide rubber collar with one single ring as well
as her black rubber apron, and 7-inch stiletto heels.  Usually Kristee wore a
tight latex brassiere but her nipples had been pierced recently with silver bars
and the Elders liked showing off their metal works.  Being a Sophomore member,
this meant that Kristee had received her second round of piercings.  Upon
completion of her probation during the first few weeks of her Freshman year,
Kristee had each nipple pierced with a silver ring.

Sophie tried not to stare at Kristee's new piercings, but the solid rods that
rested just behind the silver rings made Kristee's breasts stand out even more. 
Kristee's face became flush with embarrassment but she recalled her
responsibilities and instructed the new initiate to remove all of her clothing. 
There was not much to remove, only Sophie's short tee-shirt, her plaid skirt,
and her modest mules.  Sophie let the clothes fall to the hardwood floor and
followed the maid. 

Kristee led Sophie into the great room where a pair of sisters, Vicki and
Catherine were chatting about their schoolwork, parents, business, etc.  When
their eyes met Sophie, she quickly looked away and fell to her knees and placed
her hands behind her back.  Both of the girls wanted to be serviced for a few
minutes before they did anything else, so Sophie crawled slowly to the front of
the couch and asked permission to suck their clits and lick their pussies.  The
Sisters did not deny her this request of course.  Vicki was the first to pull up
her skirt and reveal her pussy for Sophie.  Vicki was not completely shaved, she
preferred to keep her jet black hair meticulously cropped and thin though; and
naturally she had several girls at her beck and call to perform this daily task. 
Catherine and Vicki immediately began to fondle and kiss one another while
Sophie leaned her tongue inside and carefully licked and sucked each pussy. 

As other members of Beta Delta Sigma began to arrive at the house, Sophie's duty
increased to anyone they stuck in front of her face.  After two hours of
pleasuring the other girls, Sophie was gathered up by a pair of maids and
outfitted with a collar and wrist cuffs.  A blindfold was placed on the initiate
and Sophie was led to a chain that hung down in front of the mantle.  Sophie was
stretched up and her cuffs were connected to the hanging chain.  She was
struggling to find a comfortable position on the tips of her toes.  She could
still taste the heavy flavor of all the pussies she had sampled when the
whipping began.  Sophie was commanded not to make a noise, not to scream, and if
she did, a gag would be placed on her and the whipping would only be more
painful and intense. 

Sophie lasted as long as she could without screaming out.  Tears ran down her
cheeks for several minutes before the first intelligible sound pushed past her
lips.  And once she screamed out, the sisters made good on their promise.  A
penis gag about 2 inches wide and 3 inches long was shoved into her mouth and
secured.  Unlike the previous weekend where there were breaks between whippings,
the sisters allowed no such respites.  Whips, paddles, crops, floggers, canes:
everything in their arsneal it seemed was painfully laid against Sophie's
sweat-soaked, writhing body.  Most of these welts would fade in a couple of
hours, but Vicki and her fellow sisters made sure that a certain number of harsh
red welts would serve as physical reminders during the next school week.  Vicki
preferred the cane on Sophie's perfectly rounded ass.  At least 10 strokes on
virtually the same place guaranteed a memorable mark.  And when (or if) Sophie
returned for the next weekend, it meant to Vicki that this initiate was indeed
dedicated to the trials that lay ahead. 

Each time Sophie's body shook from a blow, she left the ground for a split
second. Her toes would rediscover the floor but only for a moment and then
another impossibly stinging whiplash would cause her body to swing again.  Once
an hour's time had passed most of the girls were simply worn out.  Usually, the
initiate passes out or pisses on the floor and the game is then over.  But
Sophie clearly held a higher pain threshhold. 

That evening Sophie was released from her bonds and then placed on all fours. 
Her limbs were terribly weak, and she did not think she could hold this position
for long.  The sisters spent the evening in on that Friday night and dressed
down to their lingerie teddies (and less).  A glass table top was lowered onto
Sophie's back and her shoulders and ass supported the weight of it as four girls
brought out the cards to play poker.  To make the game more interesting for the
girls, they dealt a hand to Sophie on the glass table.  At first, they thought
about keeping the penis gag inside to prevent her from even speaking.  But to
give her a least some kind of chance, the girls decided to let her decide when
and if she wanted to draw or discard; but of course, her handicap was that she
could not even see her own hand.  To make matters worse, the dealer always dealt
all of Sophie's cards face-up, so everyone sitting at the table knew her hand at
all times. 

By the conclusion of their game, Sophie's shoulders were aching and about to
give.  She wanted so much to slide that glass table off her back, but she feared
what that would mean.  In the end, Julia Ann had won all the chips and a couple
of "credits" that were arranged for Sophie to pay back.  Julia Ann whispered
into Sophie's ear as the four girls were clearing away the cards, "I will have a
treat for you this week. You won't have to wait for next weekend to pay me back,
little Sophie."




* * * * * * * *
Chapter 3

Sophie reported to Julia Ann's apartment off campus as instructed on Wednesday
afternoon after classes.  Sophie was wearing exactly what had been prescribed
for her to wear, a tank top without a bra which did not cover her stomach, a
pair of five inch heels with little anklet socks, and no panties under a tight
mid-thigh skirt.  Julia Ann greeted her at the door in her lingerie, completely
see-through.  Julia Ann's breasts were easily a surgically-enhanced 38D, maybe
even fuller than that, Sophie thought to herself.  As soon as the door was shut
behind her, Sophie was commanded to assume the position.  That meant the sex
slave position she had been taught first thing during her initiation:  On her
knees, head bowed, arms held behind her back, arched back and chest out, with
thighs spread and her pussy exposed slightly. 

Julia Ann's boyfriend knew what went on in her sorority and he often benefited
from the charms that the new initiates had to offer.   Colin liked to dominate
Julia Ann occasionally, but he got much more of a rise from breaking in her new
friends.  On this night, Colin brought over five of his buddies and two of their
girlfriends.  The first game they played with Sophie was a variant of Spin The
Bottle.  Sophie was tied down spreadeagle to the bed in the guest room and the
nine of them spun the bottle to see in what order each one would fuck her. 
Colin even brought over a couple of strap-on dildoes for the ladies; one was 6
inches long and the other was 8 inches long and 3.5  inches in diameter.  Sophie
was ravaged a dozen times that night, and no part of her body was spared.  She
had her ass stretched particularly hard by one of the girlfriends, and Sophie
cried throughout, stiffling her own urge to scream out loud.  She had guzzled
down four loads of male cum and had the rest of the cum applied to her face
where it dried between rapes. 

After the guests went home, Sophie was allowed to shower.  Colin and Julia Ann
slept in the master bedroom.  Sophie was strapped into an unyielding hogtie and
eventually fell asleep on the carpet at the foot of their bed.  Colin woke up
one time in the wee hours of the morning and rudely if not urgently propped her
hogtied body up to meet his hard-on.  He lifted her limp, still sleepy body off
the floor and stuffed two pillows directly under her belly, raising her ass. 
Without so much as a trickle of lubricant, Colin thrust his cock inside her
asshole.  Sophie let out a muffled cry as she buried her face into the floor. 
The cheeks of her face were roughly scraping against the carpet as Colin hurried
to a climax, depositing his sperm deep inside her ass.  Sophie just collapsed
again to the floor as he wiped some residue across her lips.  Wordlessly, Colin
returned to the bed and snuggled next to Julia Ann, who, was trying to subdue a
tremendous grin.




* * * * * * *
Chapter 4

The following weekend was a scheduled Holiday weekend.  However, the remaining
initiates striving to enter Beta Delta Sigma were instructed to call or write
home and make excuses to be around the college over the three-day weekend. 
Sophie was one of those who complied.  The list of 21 initiates dwindled to 10
by the time the first holiday rolled around.  Sophie had heard whispers about
the coming weekend.  It was usually the final breaking point for the remaining
prospective members. 

That Friday afternoon, the ten remaining girls were stripped of their clothes
and placed on their knees in a straight line.  A bowl was passed in front of the
girls and one by one, each girl was to reach in and pick out a random floppy
disk.  Contained on the disk was a Program that laid out an individual weekend
plan.  Sophie was led to a desktop PC and inserted the disk.  Of all the disks,
she knew she must have drawn the most cruel plan of all.  Janice, who was
supervising at the computer even gave a slightly sympathetic look to this
initiate.  She knew that Vicki had come up with some creative and cruel orders
in the past, but this sounded so extreme and so impossible.  Some of the things
on this list ran outside the normal boundaries of Janice's initiation.  How
could Vicki expect some Freshman do accept all of these, especially one after
another?  But Janice understood that she had a job to do in preparing and
supervising Sophie; if she refused , her own Junior sister status would be
returned to that of a Freshman.  And being demoted was akin to the kiss of death
in this sorority.    

That Friday evening, the first item on Sophie's list was a trip to a tattoo
parlor that Vicki had an arrangement with.  Janice outfitted Sophie for the
ride.  Sophie was oiled down thoroughly, every inch and every crevice of her
body.  Janice of course needed help with most of the outfitting, so she borrowed
the perennial slave Kristee from other duties and dragged her upstairs.  Kristee
applied a second liberal coating of lubricant and then extradited the clothes to
be worn from the closet.

In thirty minutes, Sophie was ready.  Her long brown hair was drawn into a
single French braid complete with a white ribbon accenting the tail end.  She
had a snug white leather collar wrapped around her neck; it forced her chin
upward as the height of the collar was no less than four inches from top to
bottom.  The collar was made of a shiny leather joined in the back with a series
of metal clasps that resembled small hooks.  In the front a single oversized
O-ring was ready for the leash. 

To place the push-up white leather corset took the hard work of both Kristee and
Janice.  They pulled at the white leather strings until the corset was laced
from just above the midpoint of her back down to the nascent valley of her
cheeks.  Sophie's natural waist size had been reduced 4 inches to measure just
19 now, and her breathing was obviously labored.  She could barely hold herself
up as the other two girls squeezed the white  rubber gloves on.  All that
remained was the skimpy white rubber skirt which zipped up quickly and then the
7-inch white patent leather heels.  The high heels were perhaps a half size too
small, but Janice crammed the initiate's toes deeper inside regardless. 

When Sophie walked--slowly at first--to test her new outfit, her midrift peeked
out slightly between the tight corset and the waistline of the skirt.  The look
may have been a little untidy, but Janice knew the man in the tattoo parlor
would only get more turned on by the hint of Sophie's flat stomach and cute
navel.  Sophie was given a long white slick to cover her from the neck down to
her ankles, and was swiftly escorted to Janice's car.  

Janice's car was more accurately a gigantic Suburban that her parents had
purchased for their daughter on the occasion of her 16th birthday.  The
dark-tinted windows concealed Sophie's bizarre fashion look as she kneeled in
between the two upholstered seats in the back row.  Sophie kept her face turned
down so by the time the SUV stopped, she had no earthly idea how far they
travelled or what path they used to arrive here. Before Sophie could even get a
glimpse of the seamy side of this section of the city, Kristee applied a silky
white blindfold over the initiate's brown eyes.  Kristee and Janice then
escorted the Freshman into the empty street and through the parlor's backdoor.  

The long white slick was discarded and Sophie was leaned up against a dirty
wall.  Her blindfold was removed and just as Sophie quickly lowered her head
like an obedient slave, she did catch a hasty impression
of her surroundings.  She was in a small, poorly-lit room that resembled a
storage closet more than a professional tattoo parlor.  The floor was checkered
black and white and the walls were decorated with over-sized samples of the
artist's tattoo designs. 

Sophie's ankles and wrists were being secured to leather straps that were
attached to the wall.  A larger strap was brought around her exposed mid-section
and Sophie's body was pulled firmly against the wall.  Janice and Kristee fell
back into the shadows as Mazza, the tattoo artist, approached his new canvass. 
Sophie's head instinctively drifted back as far as it would go until it too was
propped up against the colorful wall. 

"Vicki says she wants something special for you," the artist said as he opened
his box of inks and instruments.  "She says you're something special and you
deserve this.  Have you ever gotten any tattoos?"

Sophie swivelled her head "no" as much as the restrictive white collar would
allow.

"Then this is a new experience for you.  Vicki also said she didn't care how
long or how painful it had to be.  I promised her I wouldn't dissappoint
anybody."

Six hours later Sophie watched as the two Sisters that brought her to this
artist were bringing his cock to a climax.  Mazza was leaning against the far
wall but Sophie could still make out the shadowy figures of the two coeds on
their knees, taking turns licking and sucking.  What she could not see was the
finished look of the tattoo permanently placed on her skin.  The pain had gone
from initially great intensity to sharp tickling as he stretched out his work
from just above her clit and along her left hip. 

It would be hours before Sophie would even be allowed to see the
brightly-colored dragon whose fangs and mouth opened up as if to devour her
pussy.  The 7-inch creature with grotesque blood-shot eyes and slimy dark green
skin had a scaly tail that extended over her hip bone, reaching for her
asscheek.  If given the opportunity, the artist wanted to continue the tail, so
he left the end of his work looking slightly unpolished. 

With a little more effort, the Sisters finished off the man who had marked
Sophie.  They shared his cum with each other's lips as he spewed his sperm on
their faces.  He kissed them on the lips and disappeared through a black
hallway.  The Sisters untethered their initiate, replaced her white rubber skirt
and her long white slicker and then returned to the Suburban.  It was now about
1 in the morning and time for the next stage of Sophie's long weekend.

* * * * * * *

Sophie rested in her kneeling position with her head down.  She had time to
think.  It was the intervals between the unknown predicaments that both filled
her with terror and wonderful anticipation.  The pain above her pussy and above
her thigh was subsiding, and Sophie wondered just what the tattoo looked like.
She fought against the temptation to ask Kristee about its appearance.  Sophie
had thought about getting a small frog or heart tattoo almost all her 19 years,
she told herself, so this was what she wanted, right?   

All Sophie read on the disk about the next part of her evening was that she was
supposed to go to an afterhours nightclub, a place she had never even knew
existed called The Black Box.  When the vehicle stopped again, Sophie's eyes
were covered and she was led out and into the club. 

She was walking carefully on her 7-inch platform heels in the dark with Kristee
and Janice on either side.  The two Sisters led the initiate to a quiet room far
removed from the noise and dancing off the club's main chamber.  Sophie was
instructed to kneel on the floor.  As she complied with their instructions, her
knees felt the chill of the concrete surface.  Her head was leaned forward and 
her collared neck placed inside a wooden stock.  Her wrists were brought up to
stocks and she rested them on the smooth wood.  Sophie could hear the top half
of the stocks being lowered and then snapped together.  Janice connected a
padlock on each metal hinge. 

Sophie's legs were spread wide allowing a black metal spreader bar to be
connected and subsequently padlocked to her ankles.  Sophie was left in this
uncomfortable position while the two Sisters got the next part of the plan
rolling.  Their job was considerably simple.  They each put on a tight and short
black latex dress and used their heavenly bodies to entice men, any man
regardless of age, appearance, size, or any other factor.  Janice knew how easy
this crowd was and she explained to Kristee a few tips that would work to get
the men interested faster in coming back to the side room in which they had left
Sophie.  And once inside the room with Sophie, the men were to believe that she
was their nympho roommate who was into kinky sex.  They could use her mouth, her
ass, or just her pussy.  The only catch was that just before they unloaded, they
had to jerk off into one of the tall graduated cyclinders sitting on the
concrete floor next to the wooden stocks.  Some men would forget the simple rule
or not have enough control over their own cocks, Janice warned her subordinate
Sister, but if the girls managed to get 100 men or more in the room, they would
successfully fill up the cyclinders deep with cum. 

In less than 15 minutes on the dance floor on their first trip out, Janice had a
man very excited.  When he finally saw what lay before him, he didn't ask any
more questions or become suspicious, he just lowered his pants as quickly as he
could over his erection and thrust his cock at Sophie's face, fumbling for her
to open her mouth.

Sophie had thought this bondage arrangement would mean more whipping or
spanking, so she was a little startled, but she knew better than to protest or
ask any questions.  Sophie stretched out her neck as best she could and gave him
the only attention this gentleman would get all night long.  She could feel his
cock start to pulse only half a minute after she began licking him, and she of
course perpared to swallow his load.  But he remembered the one stipulation and
crouched down with his cock held over an empty cylinder.  He quickly if not
clumsily shot his sperm inside the glass container, moaning with delight as he
finished off his orgasm. 

As the night wore on and the dawn broke, Sophie suffered a similar fate over and
over again, all her wet holes being ravaged by no fewer than 100 men.  The
steady flow of men did not begin to wear off  until sometime after seven in the
morning.  Sophie's head would occasionally lean down and her eyes would shut
temporarily, catching about a minute's sleep.  Then another man would attack her
from behind and her body would quickly reawaken.  Her jaws would catch some rest
if only one man entered her from behind, but for the majority of time she was
the target of double penetrations.  The word was spreading throughout the
underground club about the side action, and many of the guys that rammed Sophie
had return visits, bringing other friends into the mix.   

The sperm-filled cylinders were collected by Kristee and then Sophie was
released from her stocks and guided back to the SUV.  Sophie's legs were a
little wobbly, as her pussy and asshole were still on fire from so much use and
abuse.  She had managed to orgasm about a dozen times before she lost count, but
the stiffness and soreness in her holes was nonetheless terrible.  Sophie was
allowed to rest in the Suburban for the long ride back to the Sorority.  In her
mouth, she tasted over and again her own pussy juice and bits of sticky cum that
were not distributed into the cylinders.  Once she was returned to the sorority
house, all of her white clothes, save for the collar, were removed and Sophie
was washed off by Kristee.  Sophie was taken to Vicki's room where the slave's
collar was attached to an eyebolt on the floor.  Vicki was still sleeping as
Sophie was given a blanket to sleep on at the foot of Vicki's bed.  It was a
little chilly with no clothes, but Sophie was exhausted and fell asleep almost
instantly.  The next phase of her weekend planner lay ahead.




* * * * * * *
Chapter 5

Sophie felt her back was on fire.  Her eyes quickly flew open to find herself in
a new position.  Her wrists had been tied to either bedpost on the footboard and
her knees were tied and bent under her body. The leash on Sophie's tight collar
was held by Vicki but a different Sister was administering the blows. 

Sophie was informed that this would be the morning ritual anytime she was
allowed to stay in Vicki's room overnight.  Indeed, this was to be the morning
ritual for Sophie---if accepted into the Sorority---anytime she slept over in
one of the elder Sister's rooms.  There were about 15 Juniors and Seniors total,
but clearly, Sophie learned that the real leader was Vicki Desmond.  Vicki was a
Graduate student who had now been attending university for seven years.  This
was her final year of studies, and Vicki intended to make it the most memorable,
both in and out of the classroom.  Her reputation with the Beta Sigma Delta
Sorority was secure, but Vicki was the ambitious type who always opted to push
the envelope.  Vicki's motives were not always clearly understood by everyone in
the Sorority, but it was obvious to all that Vicki planned on making Sophie's
initiation an exceptional process. 

Vicki had Sophie whipped an additional 10 minutes and then called for a pair of
Sophomore Sisters to come and clean the initiate properly.  Tia and Kia were
identical twins and even though they had been with the Sorority for more than a
full year now, it seemed to Sophie that these two were never treated much better
than beginning initiates.  They were from a high school in Glendale, but Tia and
Kia had been born and raised in Japan.  They had come with their family to
America rather lately, and perhaps the language barrier was one of the reasons
their smooth Oriental skin was consistently being punished.  Sophie made a
mental note to find out more about these two, as they were so strikingly
attractive; and Sophie could not recall being so drawn to girls before.  This
whole trial process, while being excessively humiliating at times, was not
without it's small pleasures, Sophie thought to herself. 

Vicki suddenly took command of Sophie's leash, forcing her neck to strain as
high into the air as her tied-down body would allow.  Vicki rolled out her
tongue and, instead of kissing her little pet, she licked across Sophie's lips. 
Turning her attention to the twin Asians, Vicki released the tension in the
leash.  "Clean her inside and out, girls.  And get rid of that pussy hair, all
of it.  The third part of her trial begins this afternoon."

Inside the oversized bathroom, Sophie felt a little more comfortable being left
alone with Tia and Kia.  No elder sisters were in the room, and she felt as if
she could talk freely.  Tia and Kia quickly removed what little clothing they
had to begin with.  The sisters helped each other unpeel the tight rubber
stockings and the equally tight rubber opera gloves.  They were trained however,
to keep their tiny rubber collars around their necks, and actually, the thought
of removing them never occurred often to either one of them.  Tia and Kia worked
well as a team and Sophie looked up from her kneeling position to watch the
girls prepare the oversized tub with warm water and special beads that quickly
filled the sauna-sized tub with foam and bubbles. 

Tia and Kia fetched the slightly younger initiate and led her inside the warm
water.  Sophie saw her tattoo in the mirror just briefly as she slid into the
water, thinking how grotesque the dragon appeared over her clit hood.  Sophie
still experienced some soreness where the tattoo artist had made his work on her
thigh and near her clit.  She also had some stiffness from being in the stocks
at the nightclub, and being rocked in the wooden frame while 100-plus men
pummelled her mouth, pussy, and ass.  And then, adding to those aches and pains
the sudden violent whipping this morning, Sophie's body instantly decided that
this bath treatment felt good.

Sophie fell deeper into the water and simply let her mind go.  Tia and Kia at
first began to play around with each other, but they knew better than to become
distracted for long from their duty.  If the head of this club burst into the
bathroom unexpectedly, then Vicki would make sure that the twins would spend the
rest of the night in the bathroom as human toilets.  They had already been
through that punishment in their Freshman year, and neither preferred to endure
that kind of torment again.       

As Sophie felt the warmth of the water begin to induce a desire to sleep, she
noted the piercings that both marked and distinguished her adept handlers.  Tia
had rings through her perky nipples, and Kia had rods.  Otherwise, you would
swear that there were no differences between the identical twins.  Both girls
looked to be about 19 or 20, Sophie told herself.  Sophie admired their perky
little breasts; even if they were small B-cups, their tits were proportionate to
their petite albeit curvy 5'7" frames, and their dark nipples had really grown
since being pierced a year ago.  Tia handed something warm for Sophie to drink,
and without question, Sophie imbibed the liquid, and she felt substantially more
relaxed. 

"This help.  Make you more relax," Tia said in her best English.

Sophie's eyes began to blink rapidly as she was trying to wipe the sleepiness
away from her eyesight.  She watched as Tia flicked her sister's nipple jewelry
with her slender fingers, and then licked at them with her tongue.  For a
fleeting moment, watching these twins reminded Sophie of how she and her younger
sister flirted with each other as their hormones impacted their teenage years. 
In the haziness, Sophie could see her sister hugging her and actually putting
her hand between her own legs, suggesting to Sophie that to do so felt good.  

Sophie's eyelids became heavy, but not before she watched Tia and Kia bring out
some toys and play with each other in the tub.  Had Sophie any strength left in
her own arm, she would have brought her fingers to her clit and stroked herself,
but she felt so weak and so incredibly relaxed.  Still, the two Orientals were
so uninhibited in front her, and so open with each other.  Tia brought her
sister's nipples to her lips and began to suck and kiss her sister's rod-pierced
nipples.  Kia threw her head back in great pleasure. 

Sophie had no way of gauging how long these two had made love to each other when
she finally regained her full consciousness.  When Sophie completely awoke, she
found herself in a part of the sorority house she had never been in.  The room
was brightly lit in white.  White walls, white tile floor, but no windows. 
Bright flourescent lights hung from the ceiling, and there were several places
on the walls and floor where metal rings were drilled.  There was a stainless
steel desk with several drawers to her far left, and sitting on the tabletop
were several thick metal dildoes, a few syringes, and a variety of leather
restraints.  Sophie strained to look at her surroundings.  Her neck was held in
a tight hard rubber collar, holding her head upright, with absolutely no room
for movement at all.  Her hands had been handcuffed behind her, and they rested
on just above her ass.  While she couldn't tilt her head to look down, her feet
had been adorned with 6-inch platform heels and her ankles were spread far
apart.  Each leg had been stretched apart and chained to a pair of distant iron
O-rings bolted to the tile floor.  There was some breeze coming from the vents,
and Sophie felt the strange lack of hair on her pussy as the air met her freshly
shaved skin.  Sophie's long head of hair had been braided and tied within it was
a thin but sturdy length of chain.  The chain length was attached to a metal
hook that descended from the ceiling and further encouraged her head to stay
uncomfortably unright.   

Sophie heard loud footsteps walking within the hallway.  She could only look
straight ahead, but as she strained to roll her eyes floorward, she saw Vicki
followed behind by Tia and Kia crawling on their knees. 

"You've done exceptionally well, initiate.  There is only one other initiate who
has made it as far as you this weekend;  all the others have gone crying home or
back to their pathetic dorms.  I have to say, so far, I am very pleased with how
you have accepted your trials. But you know your weekend has one trial left?"

"Yes."

"Yes, what?" Vicki said sternly, and in a way that clearly led to Sophie's only
response.

"Yes,...ma'am?"

Vicki tried to hold back a wide grin. This one was learning fast, she thought to
herself.  "I also will accept, 'Yes, Mistress,' but that is the only other way
you will address me from here on when we are in this house or at a sorority
party."  Vicki took a few steps on her black thigh-high boot heels and withdrew
a riding crop, planting it suggestively on Sophie's cheek.  "Do you understand?"

"Yes, mistress."  As soon as Sophie filled the air with the word "mistress",
Vicki smiled gratefully and removed the black crop from Sophie's view.

"The trial on your disk I do believe said 'Auction Party', didn't it?"

"Yes, mistress."

"Tia and Kia here are going to help me outfit you for tonight's affair.  All the
other sisters have already gone ahead.  I wanted to see to this personally, so
I'll make sure my Asian pets here dress you up according to plan.

Vicki dropped back a step or two and smacked the riding crop hard along Kia's
bare ass.  "Let's get started, we've got a lot of work to do."




* * * * * *
Chapter 6  

Just as Vicki brought down the last latex mask---this one with only a small
opening for the mouth---Sophie's sensations were enhanced by the utter darkness
and immobility produced by her outfit.  Enhanced also were her fears as she was
only told that they were off to a special party to meet up with the sisters and
the one other lingering initiate.  Reviewing the tattoo episode and then the sex
with strangers in the club, Sophie's harried mind began to wonder how much more
intense this hazing could get.  And, she seriously questioned her own resolve. 

Vicki pulled on the leash and Sophie beganning walking, barely, without the
benefit of being able to see anything.  Her platform shoes had been replaced by
a size-too-small pair of 8-inch black stilettos.  The pain in her jammed toes
was killing her, but Sophie could not manage much in the way of a sound in
protest.  The latex bodysuit covered her from head to toe, and while their was a
mouth hole for breathing, her mouth was held wide open with a shiny red rubber
ball.  The ball had a small hole drilled through the center and a plastic tube
was fit inside. While the contracting black latex covering her face squeezed her
to shut her mouth, her aching jaw was held open and in pain by the nearly
jaw-breaking ballgag.  Once the third of three latex masks was stretched over
her head, no one could really even see that the ball gag was red in color; you
could only make out that there was a small dark hole. 

Sophie felt the sound of her heels clicking on the hardwood change to clicking
on the sidewalk outside.  Each step was hobbled by the short 4-inch chain
connecting her ankle straps.  By the time Vicki had led her initiate to the
Suburban, Sophie could no longer feel her toes or her arms from the elbow down
either.  Sophie's arms had been drawn behind her back, and wrapped tightly from
the elbows to her wrists with several feet of electric tape.  Her fingers were
then wrapped individually and made functionally useless, dangling at the end of
her arms.  After the tape wrap, Kia and Tia shoved Sophie's arms into a black
leather armbinder and buckled the straps tightly again, drawing any slack that
still remained between the freshman's elbows and wrists. 

Sophie's encased body was laid on her side and scooted fully inside the back of
the Suburban.  Just at that moment, Sophie felt the dildo stuffed in her pussy
come to life with several quick vibrations.  The metal dildo was 8 inches long
and 3.5 inches wide and was designed to turn itself on and off sporadically for
as long as the batteries lasted.  Before her suit had been completely zipped at
the bottom, Sophie's ass had been plugged with a similar, though smaller, dildo
that pulsed on and off without warning.  It was an extraordinarily odd feeling
to be so filled, and because of the contractive nature of her suit and the thin
layers of tissue separating them, the two dildoes felt like they were
practically rubbing against each other.  As Sophie began to moan again, she knew
her pussy was dripping wet.  The moisture had nowhere to roll or dry, so the
wetness stayed concentrated around her pussy and her ass. 

Kia and Tia stayed in the back with their rubber-encased friend, while Vicki
started up the SUV and began the long drive out of the city.  Tia and Kia were
dressed in identical wardrobes, which was the rule laid out by Vicki.  There
never was much to their wardrobes in any event.  That was the second rule laid
out by their mistress.  On this night, they had fire engine red platform heels
with thin straps that twisted and tied up just below the knees.  Each had a
matching latex string bikini top and matching thongs, that were really little
more than strings for straps.  The bikini triangles were adjustable During the
drive, Tia and Kia ran their arms along the Sophie's rubbery curves, patted her
on the head as she moaned from the vibrations rocking her pussy.      

The bikini triangles were adjustable, so just before the twins left the vehicle,
Vicki narrowed the fabric so that virtually the nipples were the only smidgen of
flesh not revealed.  Nonetheless, the fabric was thin and tight, to the point
where everyone could make out which breasts had the nipples pierced with rings
and which with rods. 

The sun was setting just over the treetops as their SUV stopped at the front
entrance.  Vicki pressed a security code at the terminal and the gate swung open
for the guests.  The driveway ran for nearly another mile before the main house
was even in view. 

Sophie felt her arms go completely numb about halfway through the trip, but it
was difficult for her to tell time in her current situation.  The dildo in her
ass began to throttle as the twin sisters dragged Sophie from the Suburban. 
Once she was propped up on her feet, Vicki took hold of the leash and led her
trio of little slaves inside. 

Sophie's ultra-wrapped body made quite a grand entrance, as she hobbled through
the foyer and into the main hall.  There were about 60 guests in all, and about
one-third of that number came from the current sorority.  The other two-thrids
was a mixture of men and women who had been associated with the club in some
capacity for the last generation.  This was something like an alumni meeting,
which over the last few years had turned into an elegant and kinky fundraiser at
the beginning of the academic year. 

The guests were being treated like royalty as Sophomore and Junior sisters were
dressed in exotic maid uniforms with several notable modifications.  The uniform
consisted of a heavy rubber collar with a large O-ring in the front, a
form-fitting black corset whose purpose was to cinch the waist at the same time
uplift and expose the breasts; black latex opera gloves; full-length black latex
leggings; black ankle-length ballet heels that laced in the front and zeroed
down to a very sharp point and equalling sharp heel.  The black was offset by
short frilly white aprons, white cuffs, and a white tiara.  Every pierced nipple
was exposed, every smoothly shaven pussy with mulitple rings was exposed, and
every perfectly rounded ass was exposed.

The maids had silver serving trays that were fixed around their corseted waists
and supported by small chains that from the outside of the trays to their
pierced nipples.  Most girls could only balance two to four drinks at a time,
and considering they were all walking virtually on their pointed toes, the
balancing act was made even more difficult by the constant smacks on the ass the
maids were given as they navigated the main hall and kitchen. 

The room was largely made up of couples.  And most of those relationships,
whether involving a dominant female or submissive female, included at least one
former Beta Sigma Delta member.  If Sophie's eyes had not been so heavily
wrapped, she would have seen submissive females dressed in leather and lace,
chained at the neck and standing next to their husbands and/or masters.  She
would have gawked at one girl who had immediately moved in with her dominate
lesbian lover the very day after graduation----the submissive was only wearing
30 different body piercings and 20 different tattoos, no clothing.  Nancy
McFarlane was her legal name, but her lover only called her by a number, Six. 
Her permanently bald pussy was lined with rings, 6 in each lip to be exact; her
nose had two rings through the septum, and her ear lobes looked to be more metal
than flesh.  "Six" knelt by her mistress with her head locked in a downward
position.  She had tight metal bands just above her knees, and each band held a
small metal O-ring.  A short chain link ran from one O-ring up through the
girl's extended tongue ring and then down again to the other O-ring above her
opposite knee.  The position was quite uncomfortable, and made more difficult
for Six to maintain as her hands locked securely behind her back.  Her thumbs
were collected side by side in a set of thumbcuffs.  The cuffs were drawn back
to her ass, where a 2-inch long S-shaped hook was welded to a huge metal
acorn-shaped plug inserted deep into her ass.  To relieve pressure on her
tongue, she occasionally leaned forward, but that only moved the ass plug
painfully in her ass.  "Six" had been in this spot for about two hours now, and
the cramps in her lower back, neck muscles, and ass were beginning to take their
toll.  A small and ever expanding puddle of drool and tears had gathered under
her knees as the night continued. 

Sophie was lead carefully down the broad stairs by Vicki.  In the meantime, Tia
and Kia were ordered to stand in a distant corner, with their heads facing the
corner, and with an index finger inside the other sister's ass.  Quickly, Tia
and Kia scurried over to the designated corner.  Once situated, Tia slid her
hand between Kia's ass and the narrow thong back.  Her sister reciprocated and
then they took a moment to stare into each other as they poked their fingers
around, looking for the asshole.  Almost simultaneously, they found the other's
hole;  their eyes closed slightly.

Vicki was greeted by one of her former classmates at the foot of the stairs and
the two summarily caught up on old times.  Sophie could hear the muffled sounds
of what was transpiring in front of her, but of course she could make out little
more than what was being said near her.  Even as she shuffled her body to stand
closer to Vicki, the pain in her toes could barely be felt from the general
numbness.  The combination of aching and numbness that began in her fingertips
now extended along her stretched arms and into her shoulders and neck.  Her
breathing remained quite shallow since she could only breath through the small
opening in the covered ball gag, and moreover, the process of breathing was
onerous because the tight corset around her waist gave no quarter; in fact, with
her body's natural perspiration increasing within the latex layers, she felt
like her waist was sticking closer to the cinching corsetrey. 

Sophie was made to scoot in her platform heels again and again as Vicki greeted
old friends and new friends.  After hesitating at one tug of her leash, Sophie
felt a sharp smack on her ass delivered by her leader.

"That was for being slow, slave.  Keep up, I'm going to introduce you to
someone."  Vicki tugged at Sophie's neck and sped up the pace of the stroll
across the lengthy floor.  Sophie was nearly run into by one of the sorority
maids whose tray just missed losing its champagne.  It was Catherine who was
keeping a watchful eye on all of the serving girls, and she made a mental note
to punish the maid, a Junior named Nomi, when she returned to the kitchen. 
Vicki gave a knowing glance to her cohort, Catherine, and proceeded to lead
Sophie into an adjacent room. 

This intimate room was dark and moody, decorated with a distinctly Middle
Eastern feel.  There was a pair of slave girls on their knees as Vicki and
Sophie passed through the doorless entry.  Each wore only slave attire that
brought to mind Arab harem girls.  They had veils literally pinned to their
cleavage.  Inconspicuous tiny needles penetrated their chests in a dozen places
below, above, and along the sides of their breasts.  A thin, see-through veil
covered their pussies and was likewise affixed to their bodies with dozens of
needles.  Vicki looked down and was impressed at these two.  They didn't belong
to her sorority, they were procured by their owner through other means.  Vicki
relaxed her grip on Sophie's leash and leaned down to have a closer look.  Even
though the girls nipples had already been permanently fixed with heavy gold
rings, more needles passed through the nipples horizontally and vertically to
hold the flimsy fabric in place over their buxom breasts.  Each girl had been
augmented to a size 38DD, and their facials lips, which also bore two or three
small gold rings, had been enhanced to be fuller.  Embedded in the metal of all
the rings was the individual name of the slaves, Kim and Stacy, respectively.        

"These two look like sisters, maybe even twins," Vicki suggested, as she turned
her attention to their owner who leaned back on a plush, billowy couch.  "I'll
have to remember the veils when I'm thinking of new ways to show off Kia and
Tia, won't I?  Where do you find all of these wonderful girls, Danielle. "

"Welcome back, Vicki."  The owner did not get up from her relaxed position on
the couch.  In fact she was sliding closer to being in repose.  Kristee, the
Sophomore that had impressed Sophie early on with her willingness to strut
around naked, was lying on her stomach with her head between Danielle's thighs. 
The sorortity slave's naked body was tied back in a tight hogtie with leather
straps.  Her elbows were bound together as were her wrists, and these parts were
drawn to her crossed ankles by another unrelenting strap.  Danielle moaned
slightly as she patted the young Sophomore's blond head.  Kristee's tongue ring
was attached to a four inch metal chain that extended from Danielle's own modest
labial piercing.  The space in the chain link gave Kristee's tongue adequate
room to lick and suck from the clit to the asshole.                                

"Kim and Stacy stole some drugs from someone they shouldn't have.  Let's just
say, I've arranged to have them work off their debt to society."  Danielle took
a long drag from her cigarette, then petted the busy Kristee again.  "I wish
this one would do some stealing---she's marvelous."

"Oh, no you don't.  Kristee is not available, sorry."  Vicki tugged on the leash
and presented her latest pet front and center.  Sophie was confused by what she
was hearing, and she tried to imagine what this Danielle was up to.  Vicki
reached back to a zipper behind Sophie's head and carefully unpeeled the third
layer of rubber from her head.  This action reduced little of the tightness that
Sophie felt, but it did allow her brown eyes to finally see again. 

Danielle was by all accounts a sophisticated woman.  Her golden see-through robe
was custom-made by a Parisian designer; her golden-rod colored heels were modest
in height but customized and costly.  Even at age 40, she required little
makeup.  She did buy the occasionally nip and tuck, here and there, to keep her
body looking 20ish and attractive.  One more thing was clear to Sophie as she
looked at the trappings of this room, and then down at the owner, Danielle had
wealthier means than anyone else she knew firsthand.             

Danielle turned her attention to Sophie, who suddenly remembered to keep her
eyes downcast.  Just at that moment, the plug in her ass activated again, and
the shock came across as a kind of quick fluttering in her eyes, and a moan that
escaped through the narrow hollowed tube in her ball gag.  Danielle shuffled her
feet to the carpet, causing Kristee to sort of turn her body unwillingly close
to the edge of the couch.  Remembering her chained connection to the slave at
her dripping pussy, Danielle reached for the tiny combination lock and unlocked
Kristee from her immediate duties.

"You stay."  Kristee remained on the couch in her stringent hogtied position,
her head pulled back, but her eyes staring downward.  "God, Vicki, she is a
keeper.  So who do we have here." 

"This is one of our Freshman hopefuls, Sophie."  While Vicki communicated some
of the mundane details, Danielle slowly made a complete circle around the rubber
figure.  "She is only one of two to make it this far.  I believe we have the
other girl servicing your guests in the men's bathroom, right?"

"Correct.  Janey was getting fairly nauseous, last time I checked."  Danielle
continued to observe Sophie.  She placed her well-manicured fingers on the
Freshman's latex-encased ass, running her hand along some of the curves before
delivering a few quick swats. 

"Well, Janey was warned what would happen if she threw up any fluids.  She knows
for sure she will be severely punished, and she knows she probably wouldn't get
into the sorority."

"Well, seeing you dish out punishments is always a riot," Danielle began in her
slow, holier-than-thou style, "But let's face it.  After tonight, she probably
won't want to join your little club anyway.  What do you have planned for this
little one here tonight?"

"I thought we would play the auction game with Sophie. That is if your basement
is in good operating condition for the highest bidder." 

"Oh, I had a couple of new toys brought in, so the construction is all over now. 
This one has a nice figure, but tell me you're going to show us a little more,
Vicki?"

Vicki smiled that Cheshire-cat grin again.  "Oh, yeah, I brought some footage
for the auction."   

Catherine walked in just at that moment, gesturing in an effort to have her
friend's attention.  Vicki glanced down at her watch, and then walked a step or
two back.  After a few whispers were shared, Catherine trotted off in her heels,
and Vicki returned her attention to the host. 

"You'll have to excuse me, Danielle.  It seems there is a situation in the
bathroom."  Vicki tightened her grip on Sophie's leash, who responded
immediately to the tug by turning her body to walk out.  "You know, Danielle,
you may get to see some punishment after all."




* * * * * *
Chapter 7

Sophie tried her best to keep up with Vicki and avoid falling over on herself. 
The conversation that she overheard between Vicki and Danielle was rolling
around in her mind.  All the strangeness was not limited to that room.  As she
was dragged neck first down the various elaborate hallways, Sophie's eyes caught
glimpses of the various guests who were taking some time out from the main hall. 
She saw a man with a zippered face leading a girl who was dressed like a pony. 
There was a large purple and white feathery plume that shot straight up off the
top of her head, and an elaborate metal and leathery headgear that drew tears
from the ponygirl.  Sophie did not have time to make a more detailed look. 

Tears were being elicited for more reasons than the steel bit in the girl's
mouth.  Like Sophie's ass and pussy, this ponygirl was plugged.  However, these
plugs were almost twice as large.  The anal plug was pretty on the outside with
feathers that danced lightly off the girl's ass.  On the inside, the 9-inch
long, 4-inch wide dimensions made it excruciatingly unpretty for the girl.  The
dildo in her pussy was made of equal girth, but an inch and a half longer, and
it was connected with a strap to the help stabilize the anal plug.  Keeping both
secured close to the ponygirl's body was a series of black leather belts that
ran horizontally around her waist and vertically through her crotch.  The girl's
tears were further increased by her owner's latest proclamation.  He told her of
the special room that was set aside for piercing, and it was time for her to get
a second set of rings through her nipples and pussy lips.

Another few steps down the hallway and Sophie's vision was attracted to a woman
who was crawling just around the corner.  She was clawing at the carpet with her
french nails as two men were dragging her bodily back into one of the side
rooms.  Sophie tried to look down and turn her head at the same time.  The girl
looked to be merely a teenager, maybe a college Freshman like herself, and there
were burn marks and long whip marks across her entire body.  She was screaming
as the men grabbed her at the waist; she disappeared as they slammed the door
shut. 

Suddenly, she bumped up against Vicki's backside, not realizing that Vicki had
come to a halt in front of the bathroom entrance.  "Pay attention!"  Vicki
warned her.  Vicki ordinarily would have made a larger deal out of one of her
own slaves bumping into her, but her attention was drawn to the open bathroom. 

On the fine marble tile, trickles of blood painted the floor.  The trail led to
Janey who was chained in against tile wall.  She was in a kneeling position with
her head arched painfully backwards.  Situated on either side of her were two
urinals.  She wore a metal collar that was not too tight on her neck, but was
attached with little slack to the metal spreader bar that ran between and
secured her ankles.  Her ankles had metal cuffs that had been bolted to the tile
floor, and her wrists were spread behind the ceramic of either urinal.  On the
backside of each urinal was a metal casing where her arms were stretched and her
wrists were immobilized.  Her mouth was stuffed with tons of toilet tissue at
the moment.  It looked to Sophie as though that method of gagging was not
prescribed originally. 

On an opposite side of the bathroom, a man was holding several thick towels
around his crotch, wincing and rocking forward and backward in obvious
discomfort.  His tuxedo pants lay mostly on the floor around his ankles. 
Kimberly, one of the Sophomore serving maids on duty, had been the first to
arrive on the scene.  She was bringing a glass of cold water to the man, and
supplying him with fresh towels, discarding the used ones.  Walking on the tile
was tough in her extreme heels, but she was managing.

"What the hell happened here, Catherine!"

Fiercely, the man came alive with sound and rage.  "She bit me!  The fucking
bitch bit me!  She tried to bite my dick off, that fucking---ahhh!"  He was
overcome again by a sense of pain, and he stopped his speech just in time to
vomit in the sink.

Catherine walked over to Janey, who looked panicked.  Her eyes were huge, and
her heart was racing.  Sophie thought the girl's heart was going to leap out of
her chest.  Vicki just wanted answers. 

"It looks like her ring gag must have dislodged, or maybe Mr. Ross nudged it a
little," Catherine submitted while she held the gag up to the light.  "It didn't
break; it's still in one piece."  Vicki still could not wipe away the scowl from
her face.  "I examined his dick.  She just pricked him, Vicki.  Who knows, he
might have even done it himself, he could hav----"

"No, no, no, I'm telling you, she tried to bite it off, that stupid bitch. 
Catherine, baby, I don't care if you are a pre-Med student, this is serious!  I
want her to pay and I want her dead!  I've been coming to your parties for three
years, and I gave you girls a lot of money---I never had to put with this kind
of girl.  You always say they're perfectly trained, even when they resist a
little, right?  Bullshit, this one wasn't!  And you think I'm going to give you
anything this time.  I have powerful friends, and I could make your life very
uncomfortable, Vicki.  I could shut down your---"

"And we could make your life very uncomfortable," Vicki quickly retorted. 
"Don't say anything you're going to regret, Mr. Ross.  I am sure that your wife
would sue you for more than half your estate if a certain videotape were to be
delivered to her attorney on Monday morning."  For the moment, that
not-so-veiled threat was enough to silence the room.  "In the meantime, I am
sure we can come to some sort of an agreement to make everyone happy."  Vicki
laid a well-manicured finger across Janey's sweat-soaked cheek, looking deeply
into the initiate's eyes.  "Well, almost everyone."




* * * * * * *
Chapter 8

Sophie had been quickly swept away by Catherine and her helper Kimberly, while
Vicki and the gentleman sorted out details of the ubiquitous arrangement.  If I
could run, if I could somehow rip this stuff off, Sophie told herself, I would
run, I would forget about everything and never again breathe a word about
wanting to join this weird sorority.  She had had enough.  Even as she was
contemplating how to get out, she was being dragged by the leash back to the
main hall again.  A VCR and large projection screen had been set up by
Danielle's slaves in anticipation of the auction game.  As Sophie was led
through the crowd, they parted for her; a collective hush came over the guests
as they shuffled around to get a better view of the screen. 

There was an iron ring bolted to the floor, just next to a podium where Danielle
was standing.  Danielle pointed to the ring and Catherine positioned Sophie over
it.  Two of Danielle's ever-obedient slaves brought out several heavy chains and
attached them to the O-ring on Sophie's collar.  They were just long enough to
reach the floor once the chains were padlocked down. 

Danielle smiled at Sophie, who had forgotten all about the rules of her
submission.  Sophie was struggling against the chain, against her collar, to
hell with looking down at the floor.  She tried to scream, but the latex and the
ball gag dampened all the sounds coming from her mouth.  Sophie looked out into
the assortment of men and women, masters and slaves, her eyes pleading for
anyone who could come to her rescue. 

The room became quiet as Danielle made her opening announcement.  "Time to start
a new auction, everyone.  This one is a real lovely, don't you think. Her figure
looks stunning in this shimmering black body suit, but we know you deserve to
see more of her before putting up your bids."  Danielle nodded to the pair of
her slaves.  Kim dimmed the lights and Stacy pushed play on the VCR. 

Sophie could just turn her head to the left and catch her image on the big
screen.  Now it was evident to Sophie's utter horror: the sisters of the
sorority had been videotaping everything.  From the day she first entered the
house to apply for the Sorority, to the moment she was placed inside the
Suburban to come to this mansion.  There was the footage of her painful
tattooing; her fucking and sucking strangers in the nightclub; her whippings at
the hands of the sisters.  Everything.  She had reached a new feeling of
humiliation. 

The lights came up after about 15 minutes of the show, and Danielle commenced
the bidding.  It was quite informal.  Bidders just raised their hands and
shouted their amounts.  Sophie's eyes scanned the room trying to find the exact
persons as they yelled, "Two hundred!", "Two-fifty!", "Three-hundred!" 

"Now, now," Danielle interrupted, "I know we can go higher than that.  And we
all know the money goes for a good cause.  I tell you what, let's see if we can
show you this girl in the flesh."  Danielle approached the rubber-encased pledge
initiate.  She held up a box cutter razor, letting the glint of its silver color
catch Sophie's full attention. Danielle waved over to her two slaves.  "Hold on
to her tight, girls." 

Sophie started to shake. 

"You best hold still, honey, and this'll go better for you."  Danielle began
with the latex around the ankles, tugging at it to pull some material away from
Sophie's body.  She began a small cut in the latex, and a long tear went up from
the initial point of contact.  The new slit ran all the way to the top of
Sophie's thigh.  The guests could make out a black rubber legging that only went
up to mid-thigh.  The skin above the legging was hot and moist as the costume
raised her body temperature.  Danielle made a parallel cut and another rip
began.  Danielle was a little less cautious going over to the next leg, making
her cuts faster into the exterior suit and the legging itself.  After a few
quick minutes, the result was a shredded look that made Sophie's outfit
decidedly more dangerous-looking and exciting to the audience. 

When Danielle stepped aside from her razor work, calls quickly went out.

"Five hundred!"
"Five twenty-five!"
"Five seventy-five!"

Then, the bidders quieted down.  Danielle was sure she could get them a little
higher.  They needed just a little more flesh, and maybe a little blood to coax
them to dig deeper into their pockets.  She nodded to her personal slaves, and
they again held Sophie at the shoulders.  Sophie's tears were non-stop now,
forcing her to blink rapidly to see the oncoming Danielle.  Danielle withdrew
the sharp razor a second time, aiming for some slashing cuts across the
midsection of the tight material, just above the Freshman's pussy and just below
the constrictive corset.  The difference in this effort though: Danielle did not
even make an attempt to pull the latex off Sophie's body.  Sophie screamed into
her gag as Danielle made the first of several minor incisions.  The cuts were
not even deep enough to be serious flesh wounds.  In the end, they resembled bad
scrapes that drew blood, but the shock and the immediate pain was terrible for
Sophie, and enticing for the onlookers. 

The material was stretched so tight that even an inch long cut was enough to
start a much longer rip.  With each small cut, the latex fabric seemed to
separate on its own with the smallest start.  Danielle then went after Sophie's
breasts and made horizontal slices.  After a few minutes, the bodysuit, except
for the masks and corset, looked to be in ruins.  Sophie's little trickles of
blood mixed with her sheen of sweat, and as the sweat rolled down the blood was
gathered, streaking across her flattened tummy.  Sophie was starting to feel a
little lightheaded from the slicing of the suit and the general fatigue that the
outfit itself had created for her.   

Suddenly, a man in tux and sunglasses asserted what would be his first, and the
night's last bid:  "Ten thousand dollars."  Danielle slowly turned her attention
back to the silenced audience.  Catherine looked at Kimberly with a stunned
look.  Several of the serving maids, who were relegated to stay in the kitchen
during this time, were listening behind the kitchen's swinging doors.  They
looked at each other in amazement. 

Danielle returned to her place behind the podium.  "We have ten thousand from
the gentleman in stylish sunglasses in the back...do I hear, ten thousand one
hundred?"  Danielle didn't make herself sound very confident that she would have
a taker at this point.  After a reasonable pause, Danielle began again, "Well,
then, ten thousand going once...going twice...sold!  For ten thousand dollars! 
Congratulations.  Please, come over here to get a closer look at your prize,
sir.  As for everyone else, our maids will be coming out now with refreshments."

Sophie's humiliation still had not reached its apex.  As the man who had pledged
$10,000 to presumably have his way with her approached, Sophie tried to look
away, but there was no place to look where she didn't see some lusty eyes
staring at her slashed rubber suit and near-naked body.  Danielle's slaves were
unattaching Sophie, preparing her to be moved to the basement. 

The man slid his glasses slowly down his thin nose, revealing a pair of intense
jet-black eyes.  Sophie could of course say nothing, she just looked back at him
without a sound. 

"The basement is well-equipped from what my friends tell me.  I think we're
going to make some wonderful memories, little Sophie."




* * * * * *
Chapter 9

Sophie's wrists and arms had been numb all night, and in their current position
her limbs remained painfully numb.  Her cuffed wrists were held aloft by a
silver chain, nearly cutting off circulation.  The chain was drawn high enough
that her toes were just scraping against the unfinished cement floor.  All of
her clothes that had been so carefully wrapped around her body from head to toe
were removed, and even her plugs and gags had been taken withdrawn.  Sophie
screamed a little as they were being removed, and she swore up and down at
Danielle's slaves, but they wordlessly and impassionately continued their
chores. 

A quick look around the room seemed to stifle any further sounds from the
unwilling guest.  Sophie saw a stockroom of whips, chains, cuffs, gags, and a
hundred other gadgets and devices she had never seen before.  Sophie had a few
moments to herself before the man with the shades came down for her. 

Sophie began to open her mouth and scream at him, using every combination of
every curse word her tongue could recall.  He seemed slightly bemused by this,
then mashed an oversized black ball gag deep into her mouth, stretching her
painfully. 

"No one is going to be disturbed by your sounds, you stupid little girl, think
about it.  I don't have to gag you, but your voice is really starting to annoy
me.  Maybe for a few thousand dollars more, I could negotiate to have your
tongue removed."

Sophie was beginning to panic, thinking just how serious that comment might be
in light of all the bizarre sights seen tonight. 

"My name isn't important, so when I ask you to respond to me, you will call me
Master, or simply Sir, I don't really relish one title over the other for now.
If you understand me, nod your head once."  Sophie refused to comply and turned
her head to look away.  He grabbed at her throat and forced her to look at him. 
"Now we can do this the hard way, or we can do this the harder way, little girl. 
I have you for the whole night until I release you, or until noon tomorrow,
whichever comes first.  There are only two things that I am prohibited from
doing: I can't kill you, and I can't break you up into smaller pieces.  If you
obey me, I can't promise you that you'll enjoy yourself completely, but I can
promise that your pain might not be as extreme.  The choice is yours.  Now,
again, I will ask you, do you understand me?"

Sophie was trembling at this point, but she did manage to slowly tilt her head
up and down. 

"Good, now let's get started in earnest, shall we?"

* * * * * *

"Mind if I come in and watch for a few minutes?"

Vicki had found her way down to the renovated basement and was creeping around
the corner of one of the playrooms where Sophie's $10,000 price tag was being
earned.  The man looked up for a second and then nodded.

He was tightly holding Sophie's brown hair, her head just above an aluminum
bucket.  Sophie gasped for air again just before he shoved her face back down
into the liquid, a combination of water, sweat, piss, and excrement.  Standing
about 30 feet from the action, Vicki could see the side view of the naked and
freshly tortured Sophie.  The young freshman's welted ass wiggled as she
struggled to lift her head.  Her wrists had been hastily bound by hemp rope
behind her back, and Vicki reached for her own pussy watching the girl's fingers
struggle.  Sophie's fingers were about the only part of her body that didn't
cause her pain to move. 

Vicki licked her lips as Sophie was allowed up for air, briefly.  The man lifted
her chest up higher and Vicki could make out the long 6-inch silver skewers that
horizontally and vertically pierced Sophie's breasts.  Additionally, there were
several dozen medical-size needles that ribboned in and out of the freshman's
breast skin.  Vicki's view was obscured by Sophie's thighs, so she was prevented
from seeing the needles that remained in her pussy lips and clit, and the
acorn-shaped plastic dildo that was held within her pussy by a series of
needles.

"I just wanted to see how our last initiate was surviving."

The man did not turn to look at Vicki this time, he just mumbled his words as he
send Sophie's face splashing into the bucket again.  "She'll survive."

* * * * * *

Tia and Kia had some difficulty transferring the well-used Sophie at noontime
the next day.  Sophie was nearly incoherent while Tia and Kia ran the waterhose
over her beaten and bruised body. The only space that showed no sign of bruising
or welts was Sophie's face.  There were stratch marks at her neck where a metal
collar and a hemp rope had been applied too tight, but from the neck up, Sophie
had only dried tears and dried cum on her face.    Tia struggled to hold the
torture victim up while her twin sister applied topical solutions that would
maximize the skin's own healing process.  Sophie's body movements were those of
a defeated Raggedy-Ann doll.  Tia and Kia said very little as they applied
disinfectant to the open cuts on Sophie's back and thighs and breasts.  Neither
Tia nor Kia had ever experienced such a session, and they had never heard of any
of the initiates being abused to this extent. 

Vicki seemed unphased by Sophie's injuries, even as she commented on first
looking at the body standing limp in chains.  She identified the one cut over
Sophie's left nipple would likely require stitches.  Catherine was ushered
downstairs to the basement and put her limited nursing knowledge to work to
patch up the cuts.  It turns out that part of the nipple had been torn away when
one of the piercing rings (temporarily installed by the high bidder) had been
ungraciously ripped out.  He left three other rings from his handiwork behind:
one in her right nipple, and the other two bunched close together in her swollen
clit.     

At one point during her cleaning, Sophie spontaneously vomitted, spewing a good
volume of the cum and piss that she had consumed from the night and morning
before.  Tia managed to get out of the way in time, while Kia was not so
fortunate.  Kia's thong bikini was soaked in vomit for the entire trip back in
the Suburban.  Kia felt sorry for herself for just a moment, and then turned
back to look at the bedraggled Sophie, who had passed out again from exhaustion.

Back at the sorority house, Sophie was laid out at the foot of Vicki's bed.  Tia
gave her a blanket to sleep on and then adjusted Sophie's neck into a metal
collar and connected the collar to an eyebolt on the floor.  Sophie wouldn't be
able to move much, but of course, Sophie's body would barely move even if given
free reign to do so. 

Sunday afternoon was giving way to Sunday evening, and Sophie continued to sleep
until she was rudely awakened by a violent yank on her hair by Catherine.  It
took a few seconds to get her bearings, but Sophie's eyes looked around and she
understood that she was back at the sorority house.  Strangely, she felt a sense
of safety and comfort, if only because she was no longer hanging from that
dungeon ceiling at Danielle's mansion, or being ravaged in her asshole by the
man in shades.  Images of the baseball bat he thrust into her ass made her
involuntarily shut her eyes again and curl back into a tight fetal position. 

"Hey, wake up!  Vicki wants to have a few words with you."  Catherine shook
Sophie's face, illiciting a slight groan.  Sophie eventually opened her eyes
long enough to see the 5'11" Vicki towering over her. 

"You know, little cunt, you must have really impressed the shit out of that Mr.
X last night," Vicki crouched down to get right into her slave's face.  "He gave
you a thousand dollar tip.  Or should I say he gave us a thousand dollar tip. 
Still haven't found out what his name is, but I will.  I'll either get Danielle
to tell me, or use some other means.  He could be quite valuable for future
fundraisers.  That money makes up for not having more initiates."

Vicki repositioned herself, standing up and collecting a videotape from
Catherine.  "You saw some of the tape we made last night.  I know you feel like
shit now, and you're just dying to get to the cops, right?  Well, you're not
going to do that.  Think about the consequences if you do, and if you haven't
figured it out by now, I'm going to spell it out for you in terms you can
understand.

"I own you now, Sophie.  I have tapes that show what an irrepressible slut you
are, and I can send them to your friends, your classmates, your parents:
anybody.  I can put it out on the Web, I can make posters up and plaster them at
your old high school where your sister Dorena can see you sucking dicks and
eating out other girls.   

"Now, ask yourself, 'Is it worth it, calling anybody about this?'  Not only
would you be ruined and humiliated, you would lose your chance to attend this
school.  We make a lot of money through our connections and our parties---you
will never have to worry about college money or tuition or anything like that
for the next four years, Sophie.  You just have to remember that I own you, and
you do what I tell you.  If you ever fail me, if I hear that you ever went to
the police, if I see that you disappoint me in any way, your free ride is over,
your college years are over, and your family finds out what a whore you are."

Sophie did not acknowledge this proclamation with a nod or a sound, but the look
of acquiescence and defeat in her eyes told Vicki everything she needed to know. 
Sophie had gotten the message clearly, and upon weighing her option, Sophie knew
she had no good alternatives to the law laid out by Vicki. 

"Oh, and there is one other little thing.  Even if you foolishly decide that you
are going to sacrifice yourself and your future just to try and punish me, then
you better think again.  I have a teacher friend who works in the school system
where you went to high school, where your sister still goes to high school.  He
seems to have his eye on her, but I could made sure he wouldn't touch her.  It
seems Mr. Reynolds has fornicated more than a few times with students in his
career and it would interest Mrs. Reynolds to know about those activities.  I
have the tapes, and he knows it, however, if I need to tarnish your sister's
life in anyway because of something you do, well, it seems Mr. Reynolds is only
more than interested in helping me out.  He's being a good boy right, but only
because I'm holding his leash.  Give me a reason to let him loose on her, and I
promised Reynolds I would even help him successfully kidnap her."

Sophie tried to stymie the fresh tears that were welling up in her eyes.  She
thought about her sister, and her family, and how happy she had been only two
months ago on thinking about going away to college.  The future looked so
bright.  The promise of the Beta Sigma Delta sorority had been a golden
opportunity.  All the promise now had rotted.  She could barely comprehend how
quickly things had changed, and she dared not to think about how things might
progress from here.

Vicki yanked on Sophie's metal leash and forced the novice slave to stare back
at her.  "By the way, I almost forgot: Congratulations, Sophie.  You're the
newest member of Beta Sigma Delta."

* * * * * * *




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MrBondskin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





