BDSM Library - Vacation with Master




Vacation with Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl meets the Master she has been spending time online with She learns total submission under His Rule.
Vacation with Master

Hello

My name is marguarite and I am new to this list. Here is the first chapter of
something I wrote a while ago.  Since joining this list I have started and
almost finished the second chapter.  Please do let me know if you like it and if
you would like to see more. It has been posted before so you might have seen it.
___________________________________________________________

I came to meet my Master ready to attend to his every whim and desire - ready to
submit 100% to his devilish and deviant desires. I got off the bus at the
station
and walked to where we were supposed to meet wearing only a Trench coat with
nothing underneath as this was his order. I waited over 1/2 hour and finally saw
him coming toward me, strong and muscular. He grabbed me around and began
kissing my lips-more than passionately-harshly. His right hand disappeared under
my coat and grabbed my left nipple. He squeezed, pulled and twisted-if not his
mouth on mine I would have surely screamed!!!!
He whispered into my ear that his home was over an hour away from the station,
and that was too long for him to wait to begin his discipline of me. He took me
downtown-only five minutes from the station-in his old battered truck. I was
able
to sit next to him as the seat went straight across. His arm around me continued
to twist and squeeze my nipple as we drove.

He stopped in front of a building with a lit Marquis reading "Pocket Billiards."
He helped me down from the truck and led me inside. It was dark and smoky. There
were about 20 men inside all evil looking and each one grubbier than the next.

"Take off your coat" he ordered. "But Master-I have nothing on underneath!"
"Precisely" replied my Master, "I want to show all my friend here what a wanton
slut you are. You will perform tonight not only for me, but for all these men as
well. Now take off your coat!!!!!!!" I removed my coat tentatively and he
grabbed it out of my hand. "Now go take a cue stick off the wall, give it to me,
then come lean over the pool table and show you slave ass to all!!"

I did as I was told and brought him the cue stick and leaned over the table.
"Great Ass, Beautiful", were some of the screams from the crowd. One yelled
"Stick the cue up her ass" and still another "Yeah, lets see how far it can
go!""I was truly frightened. " In due time" was my Master's reply, "first we
must make sure her ass is bright red!" That's when I felt the first hard slap of
his hand on my ass. He continued to spank-first one cheek then the other, harder
and faster. My ass was beginning to burn like fire and I imagined it looking the
same.


After a few moments of spanking my ass cheeks, he stopped to ask the on
lookers if my ass was red enough. "Nah" chuckled on of the men, "its just a
little
pink.!!" "Well then" remarked my master " I'll just have to continue, won't I?
But first I forgot something!" He lifted me by the shoulders and told me to turn
around. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a trio of clamps - all
connected
by a chain. He put one on each nipple and the third on one of my pussy lips.

"This one will be moved to your clit in due time." He tightened each one slowly
making sure they were as tight as could be. I cringed and at the same time
reveled in the pain. "Now take a good look at my belt. Run your fingers over it
and feel the studs. Think how it will feel on your ass and tits. Unbuckle it and
take it out of my pants. Bring it to your mouth, kiss it and lick it. Tell me
how
much you like it and beg me to use it on your ass.!!"

I unbuckled and removed the belt from his pants. I lovingly rubbed my fingers
over its length and then brought it to my mouth. I started on one end and went
back and forth with my tongue and lips, feeling the studs, sending waves of both
fear and excitement through my body. "Master," I said "This is such a beautiful
belt. I would love to be able to feel its sharp sting on my body. Oh please,
Master, I beg you, turn my ass from pink to red with the sting of this beautiful
belt. Oh Master, I need to feel this belt ripping across my ass Now, PLEASE
MASTER.

Ah, my darling, but first I will move the pussy clamp from you lip to your clit.
"Oh G-d", I yelled, pain shooting through my body like I had never known. Then
he turned me around again by pulling on the chain, making it feel like each
clamp
was tightening, making my nipples and clit burn even more!!! My ass once again
facing my audience he began to whip me with the belt. WHACK, WHACK-
SLAP. It was as if I could feel each stud separately. "I will keep going until
every spot on your slave ass has felt the wrath of my belt" WHACK WHACK,
Twenty, Forty!!

When he finally stopped, he gently glided his hand over my burning, reddened ass
checks. "I never saw such a lovely shade of red. I shall do everything in my
power to keep it this shade throughout your visit. Would you like that slave??"
"Yes Master" was my reply " I would like that very much, THANK YOU"

Just then I heard cries from the crowd ringing out "Lets see you shove that cue
stick up her ASS!!!!!' "Yes" answered my Master, I do think its time. Now,
slave, before we get to that cue stick, I want you to turn around and see what
you are doing to these gentlemen.!" He pulled on the chain to turn me around.
I looked up and saw all those scruffing looking men-their cocks out of their
pants and pointing straight at me. It was frightening and yet somehow exciting.
"See my sweet, how desirable you are!" He picked up cue stick, bringing the wide
end to my mouth. "Suck it like you would one of those big cocks out there.
Make each man think and feel like it is their manmeat in your mouth!" I opened
my mouth and he shoved the cue into it. He controlled its motion in and out of
my mouth. ":Suck it hard and deep" were the cries from the crowd!

He took the cue from my mouth and turned me around once more. I felt him spread
my ass cheeks and then felt the cue at my tight opening. With one hard shove I
felt it enter- the pain searing. I think I would have fainted, but he
slapped my face bringing me back to the world of pain. "Deeper" were the cries
from the men. He pushed it in as far as it would go-pulled it out and shoved it
way in again. In and out, In and out, I screamed "STOP", the crowd screamed
"MORE", the crowd won. I could hear the heavy breathing getting louder and
louder. It seemed to be moving closer. As the men began exploding I could feel
splashes of warm sticky cum hitting my ass. Finally the cue was removed from my
ass. My Master took my hand and rubbed it on my still burning ass. I could feel
the sticky cum. "Now bring your hand to your mouth and taste the joy your
brought these men. Let them know how much you like it!" "UMMMMMMM
I moaned, this tastes so good!" "Then lick the rest of it" screamed one of the
men
"Yes" said my Master, you have caused quite a mess on the floor. On your
hands and knees and lick every drop of cum from this floor. I will whip you with
the cue until the floor is clean." I did as I was told. "Not so fast, slowly,
enjoy
every drop." I began to moan how good it was as the cue continued to sting
across my already burning Ass. Harder and Harder, Faster and Faster. Finally
after what seemed an eternity the floor was clean and the beating stopped. My
Master pulled me up by the chain, put his arms around me and whispered into my
ear that I had pleased him. He turned to the men -"when we return I will allow
you all to beat and fuck my slave" Cheers went up through the crowd.

My Master went for my coat and put it on me. Before he buttoned it he gave a
hard squeeze on my nipple clamps, then loosened them slightly and moved the clit
clamp back to the outside of my pussy lip. The resulting pain was unimaginable
as the blood rushed back in. "Now lets go home. You still have some intense
nipple torture to endure tonight." He tugged at them again- kissed me on the
cheek and then buttoned my coat. My wide eyes looked up at him. I smiled and
said "I look forward to it, Master!"

As we drove along Master pulled me close to him by pulling on He chain between
the nipple clamps.  My nipples were numb.  As we stopped at a red light, He
opened my coat once again and moved the remaining clamp back from the pussy lip
to my clit.  i was in agony.  Every part of my body seemed to be burning in
pain.  i couldn't sit still trying to move so as not to sit on any one part of
my burning ass for too long. 

The city was beginning to turn into countryside.  Beautiful countryside i might
add.  Trees lined the roadway and there were less and less cars on the road. 
Master made me remove the coat completely, spread my legs and sit there with my
hands lifting my tits up and out.  Every so often He would reach over and pull
hard on the chain attacking my nipples and clit and smiling as i moaned in pain.

Suddenly He pulled sharply off the road into a clearing in the woods.  " Remove
the belt and give it to me.  Release my cock."  i obeyed handing him the belt
and releasing His swollen cock.  "Lets see what a good cocksucker you are," as
His hands grabbed my hair and pulled me down to His cock.  i began by using my
tongue on His swollen Head and then up and down the length of His cock the
bulging veins tickling my tongue.  It was huge, at least 10 inches of meat. 
"Suck it Slut, Now!" i put my full mouth on it and took it as deep as i could
into my mouth.  With one hand He grabbed my hair and controlled the movement of
my head on His cock and with the other He wrapped the belt around His wrist and
began whipping my already burning ass.  "Deeper slut, i want it down Your
throat, You will learn to take every inch, you good for nothing, deeper suck it,
swallow it!"

i didn't notice the flashing lights or the silhouettes standing right next to
the windows of the truck.  All of my concentration was on His cock and the pain
growing even greater on my ass.  As Master began to cum squirting His seed into
my mouth, pulling sharply on the chain to pull the clamps loose from my nipples
and clit, there was a loud knocking sound on the window.  Master rolled down the
window and as He said "How can i help You officers," He lifted my head from His
cock thus covering my face in His cum. 

"Just what is going on here" asked one of the officers. " Well i offered to give
this lady a lift and as we were driving she removed her coat throwing it in the
back and reached down unzipped my pants and began sucking my cock.  Naturally i
pulled off the road.  i pulled my belt off and began whipping her ass to try and
get her to stop, to no avail as you can see.  "Both of you, please step out of
the car."  i tried to cover myself knowing it was fruitless.  "Hands at your
side, Miss"  "Sir," the officer said to my Master, "I believe this little lady
deserves to be taught a lesson!@

They grabbed me by the arms and pulled me deeper into the woods and proceeded to
tie me between two trees.  Picking up branches from the ground they began
whipping me with them, one from the back and one from the front hitting both my
tits and belly.  Master watched smiling from the sidelines sitting on a fallen
limb.  They didn't seem to mind my screams at all. 

After about 15 minutes that seemed like hours and hours of constant whipping
they dropped the branches and released their swollen cocks from their pants. 
Hard and fast they each took a hole and shoved their cocks simultaneously.  i
felt like i was being ripped apart.  Together they fucked my cunt and asshole, a
piece of meat in a sandwich was all i was to them.  Suddenly they cut me down
and forced me to my knees "Open Your mouth slut and drink!" and as my mouth
opened they filled it shooting their cum into my mouth and all over my face. 
They pulled me up and brought me back to Master.  "Better keep her in line" was
all they said as they turned and left.

 Master looked at me and with a snicker, took a handkerchief from His pocket and
proceeded to gently wipe my face.  So different then He had been all night.  i
was taken by his gentleness and turned on by it.  He brought me close to Him and
kissed me and i melted in His arms.  "Lets go home now", was all He said as He
put me back in the truck and we once again started on our way.




Vacation with Master Part II


Soon we pulled up to an isolated little cottage in the woods.  It was very
quaint.  He pulled me out of the truck pushed me up against the side and began
kissing me.  My tortured body began to react immediately. He whispered in my
ear, "no cumming my little slut, pleasure is for Master not for Slave"  But my
body was responding in pleasure.  When he played with my aching nipples, it was
play, light pinching, nibbling. His hands gently rubbed my ass, and finding a
raised welt, pinched it gently, bringing pain yes, but with it a pleasure that i
had never known before.  The heat in me was building as He gently spanked my ass
and found more welts to pinch.  Then He found the heat between my legs.  He
played with the lips and the clit, flicking it lightly sending waves of
uncontrollable sparks through my body.  He took a finger and gingerly inserted
it into my hot wet cunt, then another.  My body was going wild, i was so close
to cumming when He removed his mouth from mine and again whispered in my ear;
"Oh my little slut, you must learn to control yourself, you are forbidden to cum
without permission which i rarely give to slut slaves like you. I warn you now,
if you cum, the punishment is quite severe." And with that He began kissing me
again deeply.  His hand reentered my cunt with three fingers and He twisted
those fingers right and left and in and out.  i was in an agonizing state trying
desperately not to explode until when he took his other hand grabbed my right
nipple and then removed His fingers from within me and began slapping my cunt
and twisting the nipple, no longer gentle, even His mouth became wild on mine
and my body went wild, my cunt pulsing outward to actually meet the heavy slaps
which grew in intensity, i lost all control and orgasmed like i had never known
was possible.  He removed his lips from mine and now shoved 4 fingers into my
cunt to keep me going.  My eyes were closed but when they finally opened He was
very stern.  He brought His hand smack across my face.  "you filthy slut,
cumming not only without permission, but You were strictly forbidden and You
will be punished, but for now, slut, on your knees and get Master's cock in that
slutty mouth.  Master's cum is your only dinner tonight.

He pushed me down onto my knees, and there in front of me was His huge swollen
cock.  i opened my mouth, but He grabbed my head and forced it hard onto His
swollen meat.  He controlled the movement of my head by wrapping my hair around
His hands.  His cock was being forced deeper and deeper into my throat and
finally i had no resource but to swallow, feeling the pulsing cock tear apart my
throat and my throat contracting around it.  i could hear Him getting very close
managing to say firmly but in a whisper that i had better swallow every drop and
within seconds i was gagging as His seed spilled down my throat causing me to
gag, but He held my head firm until every drop was spilled.  He withdrew slowly
and with a large pop.  Patted me on the head.  Stay He said, then reached into
the truck and pulled out a metal collar with rings all around it and locked it
around my neck.  He attached a chain leash to a ring in the back and lifted me
up.  He looked at me with sternness and told me that my cock sucking left much
to be desired.  Within one week i had better learn to suck Him properly, which
included not only His cock swallowed down my throat but also he wanted His balls
also filling my mouth.  i would spend the night practicing. 

Now He led me into the cottage.  He opened a little door and we climbed a steep
staircase which revealed a damp cement basement.  There was a small cage in one
corner and various tables and strangely shaped pieces of wood all around.  He
asked me if i needed to piss and told him yes.  He pointed to a drain in the
floor.  i was taken aback but really did have to piss, so i walked over to the
drain spread my legs, squatted and peed.  Then He told me i would have to hold
any shit i had in me, until He was ready to give me an enema.  He took hold of
the leash again, pulled me back toward Him and then pushed me back down on my
knees, telling me that now He had to piss.  He pointed His cock right at His
mouth and yelled, "open!"  i did, and he put his cock right into my mouth and
began to piss.  i gagged horribly but He told me i had better not spill.  Of
course there was no way i could hold all that liquid in my mouth so a few drops
did spill out.  He laughed as He told me that He was disappointed in me.  But
since this was my first time and it had been a very long day he would spare me
the punishment for this, but to be aware that this could never happen again.

Time to put the slave to rest (well sort of) He dragged me to the cage but did
not make me go in.  Instead he had me get on my hands and knees.  He first
cuffed my left ankle and wrist with leather cuffs and attached them to the rings
on the cage.  Then He did my right ones and attached them to rings sticking up
from the floor.  My head was very close to the cement wall to which he attached
a ring in my collar.  i could hardly move.  i noticed a hole in the wall right
in front of my head.  He pushed a button and a huge dildo came right at me
forcing my mouth open and pushing its way deep into my mouth.  At about the 7 in
point on the dildo were hanging a set of balls.  Master pushed the button again
and the dildo withdrew only to push back in deeper and this time trying to force
the rubber balls into my mouth as well.  i was gagging and couldn't breathe. 
Now Master pushed the button a third time and the dildo took on a life of its
own pushing its way in and out of my mouth each time a little deeper and trying
to force the balls into my mouth as well.  i couldn't escape.  Master told me
that until i was able to suck His cock properly this was how i would spend my
nights.  He told me to have a good night and left me there with the plastic
penis fucking my mouth non-stop.  Needless to say i did not sleep that night.

End Part II




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ariana


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





