BDSM Library - Confessions of a Traveling Submissive




Confessions of a Traveling Submissive
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Real life experiences of a submissive male who visits Professional Dominants in various cities around the country.
Confessions of a Traveling Submissive


Having visited many a Professional Dominatrix over the years, I thought that I
had submitted to virtually every kind of Domme.  They ranged from a 'Whore with
a Whip' to an inexperienced 20 year old bitchy 'Dommette' to several experienced
and sensual mature Mistresses that really knew how to make me beg for more.  I
am into the more sensual side of BDSM.  I love to submit to a beautiful woman
who knows the power a FemDom can exert over her submissive without so much as a
crack of her whip!

I am in my fifties and have been visiting Professional Dommes for the past 10
years or so.  Once I realized the thrills of 'sensual domination', I have
matured in the scene at the skillful hand of over 50 mistresses.

I love to be collared, blindfolded & bound helpless, hands behind may back, and
sensually teased and frustrated by the close presence of my Mistress.  Bound in
such a manner, a good mistress can bring me to the verge of orgasm without even
so much as touching my body.  The feeling of her body heat, the aroma of her
fragrance, and the warmth of her breath very close to my face is normally enough
to drive me crazy.  I yearn to submit to a beautiful dominatrix that can take me
to the edge and allow me to linger there on the threshold while denying me any
satisfaction.  What a thrill!

Since I happen to live in a very strict & moral state in the Bible belt, there
are no professional dommes near where I live. Therefore, whenever I travel
around the country, I seek out Pro Dommes in the area of my travels - always
looking for the perfect BDSM experience; one that will be the most memorable one
of all.  I believe the whole BDSM scene for me is one of anticipation and
memories.  From the time I first research the various FemDoms in a city to the
process of arranging a session to actually meeting the Mistress for the first
time, the anticipation builds and builds.  Driving up to the meeting place or
dungeon, I usually have a raging erection just thinking about what might happen
in the session.  Such anticipation of the unknown is spectacular for me.  I
know, for example, that I will be giving up control of my mind and body for a
while to a perfect stranger.  This fear of the unknown is very exciting! Like
anything else in life, some of the experiences are not so good, but I have found
that, with proper advance research and communication, I can usually anticipate a
thrilling session that is different than others in my experience.

Every dominatrix has a different 'feel' about her.  Some are strong and very
rough in their demeanor while others are so soft and sensual that they surprise
you back into reality when you realize that they are seriously in control.  As
soon as you are in their grasp, so to speak, you begin to sense the real
dominant personality coming through.  When they apply the bondage or punish you
for your miscues, you know how 'rough' the session will get.  But it has been my
experience that a submissive really only 'knows' the Domme after she has handled
his genitalia as in CBT.  Then he is really in her 'grasp'; helpless and
submissive to her every wish and whim!  It seems that every Dominatrix knows
that if you control a man's cock, his heart and mind will soon follow.  Most
Dommes I know exercise such control, either physically or psychologically, at
all times during a session and for lifestyle Dommes, this is also true in their
everyday lives.

The memories that I have of my many sessions in submission to fantastic FemDoms
are among my most treasured thoughts.  I have only to relax, close my eyes, and
recall one of the many excruciating sessions at the hands of one or more of
these wonderful, beautiful and talented women.  Of course, I have favorite
Mistresses that I frequent as often as I am able, but there is also the intrigue
associated with the unknown Mistress and what devious methods she may use to
extract her version of submission from me.

What follows are episodes from my real life visits to many beautiful
professional dominant women.  I will not, for obvious reasons, use their real
names or locations.  If you've sessioned with these wonderful women, you will
quickly recognize their style.  You can be sure, though, that these events
really happened to me.


Leaving My Heart in San Francisco

As soon as I found out that I would be going to SFO on business, I was thrilled. 
I didn't often get to travel there and I just knew from all that I read that San
Francisco was a hotbed of BDSM action.  For 2 weeks, I scoured the websites of
all of the Pro Dommes that I could find on the internet.  I finally settled in
on one particular Mistress that appeared to be the sensual kind of Domme that I
have had good sessions with.  She was younger than most, quite attractive, and
through her webpage and in discussing a session with her, I thought her to be
one of the more sensual types that I am attracted to.  I made an appointment and
she asked that I call to confirm it once I was in the City and to get
directions.

As I followed the directions in my rental car, I found the address to be a
large, old classy mansion of some sort.  I was early, so I drove around the
block a few times trying to scout out the neighborhood and then I parked about
1/2 block away to observe the mansion for signs of others coming and going. 
Having seen no activity and knowing that it is quite critical to be exactly on
time when visiting a Femdom (You WILL be duly punished for being either early or
late), I proceeded to go to the front door and ring the bell.  Greeting me at
the door was an Asian lady who I presumed to be a maid.  I informed her of my
appointment and was directed to a sitting room to await the arrival of my
Mistress.  After what seemed like hours but was only a few minutes, I'm sure,
one of the most beautiful women that I ever met entered the room, greeted me,
and sat down to have a pre-session interview.  Through her very direct
questions, she quickly found out what I thought I was looking for, what I
thought my limits were, and what turned me off.  Then it was off to one of
several of the mansion's rooms for my session.  I was told to strip and be in
the 'ready' position (kneeling, head down, hands at my back) when the Mistress
returned.  I thought that I would explode, I was so excited. 


First, she applied leather cuffs to my ankles and wrists and temporarily
attached me to a metal frame facing a large window with sheer panels through
which I could see folks walking up and down the street in front of the mansion. 
She proceeded to tease me from behind, using a rather large feather to tickle my
senses and then left me standing there while she departed for a while.  I was so
excited that sweat began to exude from all the pores of my body!  I had never
had such a sweating experience. 

When she returned she was attired in a tight fitting spandex outfit that really
showed off her wonderful curves.  My Mistress had me lie face up on an exam
table in the middle of the room.  After securing my arms and legs to the sides
of the table, she applied a sort of harness to my cock attaching it to a ceiling
hook using a small chain.  She pulled the chain so tight that I had to try to
raise my hips off the table to relieve the discomfort. Leaning over me very
closely she acted as though she was about to kiss me.  Just as she got within an
inch, though, she brushed her cheek against mine and said "maybe if I were a
good boy!"  Next, she hooked up a violet wand and, using various attachments,
tormented me with electrical shock until I thought I could take no more.  After
a while, though, she allowed me to 'rest' in that position while she left the
room.

When she came back, she applied a blindfold and then released me from the table. 
She explained that there were several other Mistresses and subs there and to
prevent the subs from accidentally seeing one another, they were always
blindfolded whenever being taken from one mansion room to another.  My Mistress
hooked my hands behind my back and applied nipple clamps to my nipples.  They
were apparently joined by a chain to one another as she used this means to lead
me out of the room, into the hall and down two flights of stairs to what I
guessed to be the basement dungeon of the mansion. 

After arriving in the dungeon room, the blindfold was removed and I was treated
to a view of the Mistress in a very revealing bra top and kind of a thong
bottom.  Little did I l know that these were her heavy duty work clothes.  She
pulled me over her knee and spanked me severely for my looking at her as I had. 
The real frustration from that point on was knowing how gorgeous she was and not
being able to do anything but 'sneak a peak'.  I really adore great breasts and
she had a pair that was worth getting beaten just to admire!  She placed me in a
dog cage on the floor and left me there to think about my transgressions.

Now dressed in street clothes, Mistress came back some time later, blindfolded
me and, with my hands cuffed behind may back, led me back upstairs to 'meet' the
other mansion Mistresses.  I knew from my internet research that several really
attractive mistresses called this place home, so I was very anxious to meet
them.  I was paraded into a room where the women were all apparently gathered
around.  Much to my disappointment, my blindfold was never removed and about 5
or 6 women proceeded to tease me, handle my now very erect cock, swat my rear
and grab my nuts when I least expected it. I was made to sing and tell jokes and
otherwise humiliate myself in front of these mistresses before being led back
upstairs by my Mistress to the room where the session began.  She attached me
back to the original rack by the window only this time facing toward the center
of the room.  I could feel her presence very, very close to me and she was
whispering in my ear while she placed a condom over my cock.  I couldn't take
that any more and begged dearly for release.



The Kidnap Session

I had a business trip to the Midwest and after doing my preliminary research
into Femdoms in the area, I jotted down the numbers of two that appeared to be
of the more sensual type that I serve so well.  All during the day as I was
attending various sales calls, I was tormented about the potential session that
I had failed to arrange.  I excused myself from a meeting and went to a pay
phone to try to setup a session for later that evening.  The first mistress that
I reached was already booked for that night, so I want to my second choice. 
Fortunately, she was available, but she had some unusual directions for me.

She said that, if I wanted to session with her, I would have to follow her
directions explicitly.  She lived in a fancy part of town and had her dungeon at
the house.  She was concerned that the neighbors would question the traffic
generated by men going in and out of her house, so she had a plan.  I would have
to meet her at a public place and she would drive me to and from her house so
that no suspicions would be raised among her neighbors.

I was to drive to a certain aisle in the WalMart parking lot and look for her
black SUV with a specific window decal on the rear window parked there.  The
right rear door was left unlocked for me.  I was to enter the car and follow the
directions on the seat very deliberately.  If I had not done everything as
directed by the time she returned from shopping, she would kick me out of the
car and the session would be cancelled.

I quickly found her new Black SUV parked as she said it would be.  Like most
SUV's, the rear windows were tinted so that you could not see if anyone was in
the car.  I parked my rental car, strode over to the SUV and, glancing around to
see if I was being watched, got into the back seat.  On the seat next to me were
an envelope, 2 papers, a collar, a blindfold, and some handcuffs.  The top paper
was my instructions.  I was to review and sign the other paper which was a
consent form 'Slave Agreement'  that she would apparently use if she were
stopped by the police while I was in the back seat.  It was worded to verify
that I was there and restrained of my own free will and therefore not legally a
'prisoner' of the Mistress. Next, I was to place my pre-arranged tribute into
the envelope along with the signed agreement and place it into the console
between the front captain's chairs.  After this was complete, I was to attach
the collar around my neck, put the blindfold on so that I could not possibly see
anything, and then tighten the handcuffs onto my wrists and wait for the arrival
of my Mistress.  This was all quite exciting! The juices were stirring as I
quickly performed the tasks exactly as directed.  Here I was, blindfolded and
handcuffed - a prisoner of a woman whom I had not even met!

 I sat there, blindfolded and handcuffed for what seemed to be an hour before
the door next to me opened.  A female voice said "be quiet and sit still, I will
now fasten your seatbelt for the ride of your life!"  With that said, she leaned
over me to draw the seatbelt over my body and handcuffed arms to fasten it on
the other side of me.  As she did this, she brushed her amazing breasts along my
chest so that she could reach the hook on the other side and gently kissed me on
the cheek as she drew back.  Next, I felt her turn my collar around and clip
some sort of fastener to it.  It must have been a small rope.  She threaded the
other end of the rope behind the seatbelt, along the side of my leg and,
reaching under my leg, pulled the rope up between my legs.  She tugged the rope
tightly and then attached it to the chain of my handcuffs.  I was in such a
position!  With my hands drawn down between my legs, there was no way I could
loosen the seatbelt.  Her attention quickly moved to my ankles onto which she
applied a set of metal leg cuffs which seemed to be like a large set of
handcuffs with only about an 8" chain between them.  She softly said, " That
should do you for the ride.  I don't think I'll need to use this gag, do you?" 
I replied "No, Mistress".  The door closed and I could hear the Mistress getting
into the driver's seat, starting the car and pulling out of the parking lot.  My
adventure had just begun.

We drove around for a while.  I tried to count the turns, right and left, but
then it occurred to me that such an effort was senseless since I didn't know my
way around this strange town anyway.  I quit trying to stay oriented and
surrendered to her navigation.  It suddenly occurred to me that I had
surrendered my body and mind to many different mistresses before, but my car was
always just outside and I always knew my way home from there.  This experience
was quite different, though, as she had me completely in her grasp.  I couldn't
even imagine how to tell anyone where I was if I wanted to or was able to
escape.

After about 20 or so minutes, we came to a stop and my Mistress turned off the
car.  I could hear the sound of a garage door closing and we were apparently
inside the garage of her house, wherever that was.  She quickly opened my door,
reached sensuously  across my body to release my seatbelt and, grabbing me
firmly by the arm, told me that I would have to 'jump down' to the ground with
both feet because of the leg cuffs.  With some difficulty, I finally got out of
the SUV and quickly found my walking greatly impaired by the cuffs.  My Mistress
quickly adjusted the rope from my collar down the crack of my ass and then
re-tightened it to pull my hands well into my crotch to the point that, if I
tried to stand too straight, my hands were drawn more tightly between my legs.  
I had to shuffle along like this with her guidance, step up one step into the
house, and shuffle along behind her.  Each time I tried to move my handcuffed
hands, the rope would pull the collar and it would choke me or pull tightly
against my balls.  We moved through her house like this and then, with great
difficulty, I was led down the steps into her basement.  The real torment was
about to begin, but I was so excited from my treatment so far, that I could have
cum very easily with very little provocation.

The Mistress attached me to an X frame, wrist and ankle, and then proceeded to
take the blindfold off.  I was treated to the sight of a beautiful, blonde of
about 40 years old who was perfectly proportioned and whose wonderful tits were
about to pop out of the black corset she was wearing.  Her waist was so small, I
don't know how she could possibly breathe and she had nylon clad legs that were
muscular and well proportioned.   She used her feminine charms to their fullest
advantage as she came close to me and told me how she was now going to take the
nipple clamps off now and that they would hurt as she did so.  To prevent me
from making too much noise, she applied a ball gag to my head.  Then she grasped
by balls and applied a parachute before hooking on several small weights.  The
tugging of this weight at my balls was excruciating since I could not lower my
body because of its attachment to the cross.  This distracted me only for a
short while as she took one, then the other nipple clamp off my nips.  The pain
that I felt as the circulation returned to my nipples was beyond belief and my
muffled screams attested to this.  She left the room and I 'rested' in this
position while she went upstairs to get herself a cold drink.

When she returned, the Mistress unhooked me from the cross, led me across the
room and had me lie over a whipping horse.  My Mistress said " I am going to
have to punish you for the evil thoughts going through your mind about my
breasts!"  She attached my leg cuffs to the legs of the horse and then stretched
my arms out in front of me by connecting my wrist cuffs to a chain hooked to a
winch on the wall.  In this position, the weights attached to my parachute
continued to swing freely.  Lifting up the weights to momentarily relieve the
tension on my balls, I thought she was going to release my nuts from their
torture.  It felt so good not to have those terrible weights tugging on my
balls! Instead, she simply dropped the weights from about 15 inches which pulled
tremendously on my balls until I thought I would pass out from the pain!

Laughing with a viscous little snicker, she remarked what a cute little butt I
had and how it was unblemished, but she was going to change all that.  Well,
soon she did just that - I got 10 lashes with a soft whip made from a chamois
kind of material.  With each strike of the whip, I could feel the weight on my
parachute swinging to and fro and reminding me of my pre-dick-a-ment.  My
Mistress then came around in front of my face, presented her breasts right in
front of my face and asked me "Do you like what you see, little one?"   I
replied, "Yes Mistresss, I like them very much!"  She said, " Well every time
you look at them directly will earn you more punishment!"  Then she proceeded to
give me 5 more lashes before once again presenting herself in front of me.  I
finally figured out that the only way that I was going to stop this whipping was
to turn my head away and not admire her tits -as much as I really wanted to do
so.

Finally, she released the parachute from my balls, released my hands and feet
from the horse and had me lie down on her table - to which she quickly attached
my cuffs once again.  My Mistress then fondled my cock & balls a little until I
was once again fully erect.  She quickly installed a condom over my dick so that
I would not mess up anything if I lost it - which by now was sure to happen if
this treatment continued.  She brought out a Tens unit and hooked up an
electrode ring over my prick at its base and then velcroed another electrode
near the tip.  She turned the unit on and, even though its strength was
obviously on a 'low' setting, it really got me going quickly.  As she fiddled
with the dials on the unit, the strength and tempo increased until I was soon
bucking my hips as though preparing to fuck, but there was only air there to
fuck!  I couldn't get any friction at all. The tempo and strength were then
increased to a point where it was painful and I was ready to cry!  She turned
the unit off for a moment and then back on its lower settings and soon I just
lost all control and had one of the most powerful orgasms of my life! Wow!

In a few moments, my Mistress had released me from the table, instructed me to
clean up and get dressed. She left the room for a while presumably to freshen up
while I got dressed.  With the dungeon session over and feeling very relieved,
so to speak, I was ready for an uneventful ride back to my car.  I was anxious
to see where we had been, what kind of neighborhood this was, etc.   This was
not to be.  Just as I completed getting dressed, my Mistress, now dressed in
street clothes,  reminded me that the agreement that I signed was in effect
until I was back in the WalMart parking lot.  She placed leather cuffs on my
wrists, hooked them together in front of me and ran a little chain through my
belt so that I could not move my hands from in front of me.  She then put the
blindfold back on me and led me upstairs and out to her car.  Once again she
belted me into the back seat, rubbing her body across mine as she did so, and
kissed me squarely on the lips as she withdrew.  I thought I might cum again
from this alone.  I was already fully erect once again and she cupped my balls
with her hand and said "Down, boy".  I quickly replied "Yes, Mistress".

She drove us back to the WalMart parking lot where she parked right next to my
rental car.  (She must have been watching for me earlier as she knew exactly
which car was mine!) She came around the SUV, opened my door, released the
seatbelt, undid and removed my cuffs and then directed my to remove the
blindfold.  She had me sit there, closed the door, and returned to the driver's
seat and started the SUV.  She then bade me goodbye and directed me to return to
my car.  I replied "Yes, Mistress" and got out of the car!

The memories of this session stand out above all others in my mind because of
the feeling of being helplessly kidnapped and taken to the session.  I only know
about the WalMart parking lot and the dungeon in her basement.  I could not even
guess what lies in between.  That kidnapping added tremendously to the
excitement of the session and to my submissiveness during the session.  I have
tried to contact that Mistress on several occasions when returning to that city,
but it seems that she either moved or retired and I have lost contact with the
most impressive Mistress I have ever encountered.  The memories of that day are
indelibly etched in my mind and I recall that session very frequently.   I would
love to have that sort of experience over again, but I have never encountered
any other Pro Domme that employs this sort of kidnap torment.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Salesman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





