BDSM Library - Psych Hospital: Divorce Wars




Psych Hospital: Divorce Wars
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lovely Lisa tries to divorce her rich husband and scoop a giant chunk of his fortune. She checks into a psychiatric hospital to hide out while the divorce is served. Hubby is connected and arrangeds for some very special treatment for her. Any female who gets in the way is ruthlessly dealt with in the Psychiatric Hospital where everybody loves to hear a pretty female scream.
			PSYCH HOSPITAL: Divorce Wars
					by Llabmik

			Chapter Zero - Prelude to the Dance

	The naked drug dealer screamed hysterically into his breathing tube. Six
feet above his buried body, John Lovelace and his seductive fucktoy relaxed
alone on the beach, enjoying the hoarse, panic-stricken pleadings coming up the
pipe. The fucktoy, whose idea this had been, smirked smugly.

	"I told you that he'd hate it: he's alone, naked, cold, in the pitch black,
the weight of the sand pressing down on him claustrophobically, pumped full of
drugs. He's pissing and shitting himself. We're the only ones who know that he's
buried down there. He knows that if he doesn't make a deal with us, he'll die
down there, all alone and cold in the dark, rotting in his own excrement..."

	John grinned as he listened to the sobbing, broken voice begging
frantically. He looked appreciatively at the fucktoy. His wife was a real goody
two-shoes. This was more his sort of woman - sexy, depraved and nasty. The
fucktoy shook her long hair and jiggled her tits happily. She laughed
delightedly as the drug dealer's hoarse, hollow voice offered John everything
that he knew how to offer.

  	"He's your bitch and he knows it."

	The fucktoy looked at John's bulging crotch and ran her wet, pink tongue
sensuously over her pouty lips.

	"Before we get down to business and graciously allow our naked, screaming
friend to give you everything and everybody he knows, we have lots of time
before the tide comes in, floods his breathing tube and calms him down
permanently. I think we deserve a reward."

	The fucktoy unbuckled John's belt and set about proving that she was a lot
more than just a pretty face and a vicious little minx...

					* * * * * * * *




			Chapter 1 - Ex-wife Wannabe - Lovely Lisa Talks to her Lawyer

	Lisa Lovelace seated herself and crossed her shapely legs, unwittingly
preparing to seal her doom. Lovely Lisa was stunning and she knew it, exploiting
her heart-breakingly beautiful face and fabulous feminine physique to the hilt.
After a few years on the fashion runways, she had grown bored with the life of a
glamorous fashion model and married a middle-aged multi-millionaire. If fashion
modelling was boring, being a Trophy Wife turned out to be unbearably tedious.
In her simple, direct way, she had decided to rectify her mistake and cash in.

	"I want a divorce and I want to take John for everything he's got. He's been
cheating on me shamelessly and I can prove it. The dumb sap took polaroid
pictures of some naked bimbo sucking his dick. I've got them with me. You can
see his reflection in the mirror. The camera even puts the time and date on the
pictures, so you know they're recent. Last week, to be precise."

	She handed him the polaroids. Eddy chuckled appreciatively.

	"Excellent! You can't see her face at all. It's buried in his crotch. They
both seem to be gloriously naked and Mr. John Lovelace is VERY erect. It's just
a question of squeezing him dry, so to speak."

	Lisa smirked.

	"Exactly."

	She was talking to Edward Schumacher, the best divorce lawyer in the
business. She had met him at a Save The Environment party that she had dragged
John to. Eddy Schumacher  was fit, handsome and socially smooth. When John had
left them alone for a few minutes at the party, she had looked at Eddy
inquiringly.

	"John says you're the best divorce lawyer in the business."

	Recognizing his cue, Eddy had handed her his card.

	"I specialize in big money divorces, Lisa. No point in horsing around with
the small stuff! If you ever want to divorce John, just let me know. I can
provide protection before, during and after. With these rich guys that are
connected, a woman needs it. I'll get you more than half and it'll happen so
fast John's head will spin. And you'll be SAFE! Guaranteed! I have to guarantee
my clients or else I'm toast. These guys'll cap a lawyer in a heartbeat, so it's
in my best interest that EVERYONE is safe."

	"How do you do that?"

	Eddy had grinned smugly.

	"It's a professional secret, but here's the proof: I do it for a living and
I'm still here! I've survived all my clients' divorces and so have they!"

	 She had laughed delightedly and, thoughtfully, put his card in her purse. A
seed had been planted...

	Back in the present, Eddy smiled a smooth lawyer's smile at the delectable
Lisa.

	"John won't take this lying down, you know. He's a very wealthy man. They
all hate sharing."

	The former fashion model delivered her speech carefully. Like her speeches
at the beauty pageants she had won in her teens, it was short, to the point and
cloyingly coy.

	"That's why I came to you. You're the best. You'll take care of me!"

	She gave him her patented helpless female look. Eddy, playing along,
straightened up and nodded solemnly.

	"Have you told John about your divorce plans?"
	
	Lisa snorted.

	"No. Why give the slimeball a chance to prepare? Just whack him with it out
of the blue!"

	Eddy smiled pleasantly.

	"That's the way to do it, okay. Have you told anyone else? A best friend?"

	Lisa shook her head.

	"Nope. The less people that know, the bigger a surprise it is when he has to
split his millions with me! So far, it's just between you and me."

	This wasn't exactly true. She had told her best friend Brandi. She didn't
think it really mattered and she hated to seem in any way stupid. Men could be
so particular about these things! Like lots of women, she enjoyed telling a good
lie and putting one over on people. Eddy's experienced lawyer's ear caught the
lie, but he was sure that he could deal with it. Giving nothing away, he nodded
agreeably.

	"That's true. You'll need a place to stay while this is underway. Do you
have any plans on that? You know John's connected. A dead wife and her dead
lawyer can't claim half of anything, much less the lion's share that you're
going to get. He'd put the contract out on you and me in a heartbeat."

	Lisa shifted uncomfortably.

	"Uh, I thought that you could protect me before, during and after."

	Eddy reassured her.

	"Indeed I can!. I just wanted to see if you'd made any arrangements on your
own, so I could talk you out of them! It's much better if I handle it. I have
lots of experience and I haven't lost a client or myself yet! There's an
establishment that I've used before. No one ever suspects this place. Once the
divorce is finalized, you can't reveal where I hid you. You'll endanger them and
ruin a good hiding place for future clients of mine."

	Lisa's pretty little head bobbed solemnly.

	"I understand completely."

	Eddy was very businesslike.

	"I'll need you to sign some papers. Once that's out of the way, we'll begin
immediately."

	Lisa raised her eyebrows.

	"That fast?"

	Eddy was decisive.

	"With someone like John, you have to hit him hard and fast. Right?"

	Lisa smiled brilliantly.

	"Absolutely!"

	Eddy handed her some pre-printed forms and explained their purpose.

	"I'll just get Bambi and Marla in to witness the forms."

	He called his two lovely secretaries in to witness Lisa's signature. Lisa
signed the papers quickly, not bothering to read them. They were all legal
mumbo-jumbo anyway.

	As soon as she signed a form, Eddy's two pet lovelies witnessed it. After
signing the last witness signature with a flourish, Bambi and Marla sauntered
out to buff their beautifully lacquered nails a bit more. Eddy and Lisa watched
their delectable derrieres twitch in unison as they coolly sauntered out, hips
pumping saucily. Lisa arched an eyebrow.

	"You really are a naughty little boy, aren't you?"

	Eddy spread his hands expressively.

	"Hey! What do you expect? I'm a lawyer!"

	They laughed together. Then it was back to business. Speaking quickly, Eddy
laid it out for her.

	"OK! It's done. You've signed the forms. You're  committed to this now. You
can't go home. You've got to go into hiding immediately. Until I make it 100%
safe for you, this is your hiding place. Just go to the address on this card and
ask for Dr. Baumann. Clear?"

	Lisa nodded. He handed her a business card. She looked at the card and
laughed delightedly.

	"No wonder nobody finds your clients!"

	She picked up her purse and left. Eddy watched her tight ass wiggle out of
the room, looked up a phone number on his rollodex and dialed it.

	"John. It's Eddy. You've got a problem! I've already started damage control.
That cunt you married wants a divorce and most of your money."

	Eddy listened briefly.

	"As a connoisseur of exploitive personalities, I told you that bitch would
be trouble. I also told you that if she came to anyone, she'd come to me."

	Eddy listened a bit more.

	"No! No! No! Not necessary! No divorce and no hit! There are smoother ways
to handle this."

	He sketched out how it would go down. On the other end, John was
delighted...

					* * * * * *




				Chapter 2 - Lisa Checks In

	Lisa sat opposite Dr. Baumann. An elderly, benign-looking gentleman, Dr.
Norman Baumann radiated warmth and sympathy.

	"Welcome to the Baumann Psychiatric Hospital! I talked to Eddy on the phone.
I've done this sort of thing for him before. There have been no complaints
whatsoever from anyone I've sheltered. They're all alive and well and living
sumptuously at their ex-hubby's expense!"

	He eyed her rather spectacular outfit.

	"That ensemble makes you too high profile here. Everyone wears a uniform of
some kind. I'll hand you over to Mary. She'll get you a nurse's outfit so that
you can blend right in. Sorry, but it's for your own safety. Then you'll be
taken to our secluded, luxury wing. I'm sure that you'll love the accomodations.
You won't be here for long. Eddy Schumacher works fast his wonders to perform."

	Lisa smiled.

	"So I've heard. Already, he has my head spinning!"

	Dr. Baumann grinned.

	"You ain't seen nuthin' yet!"

				* * * * * * *




			Chapter 3 - This Must Be A Mistake!

	Nurse Mary, a plump, pleasant faced woman who radiated reassurance, ushered
Lisa into the small room.

	"Take off your clothes and give them to me. I'll take them, have them dry
cleaned and then pack them away for when you leave. Nurse Gretchen will be back
with a uniform for you. She'll show you to your accomodations."

	As a highly successful fashion model, Lisa was used to exhibiting her
perfect body to strangers. She peeled with alacrity down to her push-up bra and
high cut lace panties.

	"I don't have to take it all off, eh?"

	Mary folded up her clothes and spoke jocularyly.

	"No, only a very privileged few get to see a nurse's underwear!"

	They both had a good chortle over that. Mary left with Lisa's clothes.

	A short time later, Nurse Gretchen arrived. She was a large, hard-faced,
black woman. At her side stood two very muscular male nurses, also black. Lisa
looked at them uncertainly. Nurse Gretchen insolently threw a short, hospital
gown to Lisa and looked at her underwear disapprovingly.

	"Patients don't wear underwear. Just the gown."

	Lisa smiled uncertainly.

	"I'm not a patient! I'm just staying here for a while. You were supposed to
bring me a nurse's uniform!"

	The three nurses laughed indulgently. Nurse Gretchen shook her head.

	"You seem confused, white girl! Are you a nurse?"

	'No, not really."

	"Are you a Doctor?"

	"No."

	Gretchen crowed triumphantly.

	"Then you have to be a patient! Take off that fancy bra and them skimpy
panties and put on the gown, whitey!"

	As the only one in the room who was stripped to her underwear, Lisa felt at
a social disadvantage, but she perservered.

	"My lawyer sent me here. I'm part of a protection program. Please! Talk to
Dr. Baumann."

	Nurse Gretchen rolled her eyes expressively and shook her head.

	"I just finished talking to him! You've comitted yourself, filled out all
the legal papers and everything. You signed all the releases and waivers. You
are now officially in our electrical discipline program, white girl! Until Dr.
Baumann says you're cured!"

	Lisa stared unbelievingly.

	"WHAT?!!"

	Nurse Gretchen's face hardened.

	"Quit horsin' around, girl! Stop yer grinnin' and drop yer linen!"

	Lisa looked at her contemptuously.

	"I suppose that if I don't take them off, these two goons will!"

	Nurse Gretchen snorted derisively.

	"You weren't listenin', honkie bitch! I said you were in a discipline
program. If I tell you to do somethin', you do it!  I didn't tell these fine
black gentlemen to strip you naked. I told you to do it! That bra and those
panties only come off when you take them off."

	Lisa spoke like the snotty, spoiled, rich bitch that she was.

	"Well, I'm damned if I'll strip for you."

	Nurse Gretchen shrugged.

	"OK."

	She nodded to the two male nurses. Smoothly, with the ease that comes from
long experience, they hustled to either side of Lisa, surrounding her. Each
gripped her by the wrist and elbow. They pulled her arms up high behind her
back. Lisa was forced to bend over.

	"I thought you said they weren't going to do this!"

	"I said that you would remove your bra and panties and so you shall!"

	From a leather case on her hip, Nurse Gretchen produced a rod with a bullet
shaped tip. She began to oil it. She explained to an uncomprehending Lisa.

	"When Dr. Baumann was in Japan, he noticed that the Japanese whores were the
most eager to please women he had ever met. Being a psychologist and having a
professional interest, he asked the pimps about their training techniques. It
turned out that they had invented a little device that didn't damage the
merchandise. It's called a Memory Wand. If a whore doesn't perform adequately,
they use the Memory Wand to remind her of her duties."

	Lisa's arms were pulled up higher until she was on tiptoe. Nurse Gretchen
pulled Lisa's panties down to her knees. Knowing black fingers parted Lisa's
labia. Lisa struggled hard, but the tough male nurses had her in an iron grip
and in a position with no leverage. Nurse Gretchen inserted the glistening
Memory Wand as far as it would go while Lisa cursed and struggled futilely.

	With the tip of the Memory Wand pressed hard against Lisa's cervix, Nurse
Gretchen pressed one of the buttons on the handle. Two electrodes at the tip of
the wand sparked. Lisa screamed.

	"That was the low setting. Here, let me turn it up a little!"

	She pressed a second button. Lisa jerked violently, flushed brick red and
shreiked a hell of a lot higher. Nurse Gretchen withdrew the Memory Wand. She
pulled Lisa's panties back up. The two male nurses released their grip. Lisa
collapsed to her knees, hunched over, both hands clamped tightly over her
burning crotch.

	Nurse Gretchen laid down the rules.

	"You speak respectfully to me and all others in authority over you, which is
practically everyone. No smart mouthing. You do what you're told when you're
told, to the very best of your ability. Understand?"

	Lisa, panting hard, sweating, her guts on fire, nodded. Nurse Gretchen
cupped her ear as if deaf and did her Gomer Pyle number.

	"I can't hear you!"

	"Yes! I understand!"

	"Yes, what?"

	"Yes, ma'am! I understand, ma'm!"

	Nurse Gretchen was gratified.

	"Now take off your bra and panties and give them to one of the nice black
gentlemen."

	Lisa peeled and handed her underwear over. She stood before them, gloriously
naked.

	"The gentleman will help you put on the restraining harness."

 	A wide, studded black leather belt was buckled snugly around Lisa's waist.
Her wrists were slipped into two cuffs attached to the back of the belt and the
cuffs were cinched tight. Two straps criss-crossed up from the belt. Where they
crossed her breasts, each strap had a three inch stainless steel ring. It took
some doing, but the male nurses were patient as they forced each of Lisa's
breasts through a ring. When they were done, each breast bulged obscenely with a
gleaming ring tightly circling it's base. The straps went over her shoulders and
crossed behind her back before being buckled to the belt. Gretchen nodded
approvingly.

	"Good! Nice work, gentlemen! Take her to her small, soundproof, padded cell.
Be sure and show the snotty bitch the grating in the floor where she squats down
to piss and shit. We wouldn't want her pissing and shitting all over her nice
clean padded cell! Loosen her up and make her comfortable. Here's the Memory
Wand. Use it if she gives you any trouble."

	Nurse Gretchen left. She had lots of other patients to discipline...

	   				* * * * * *




				Chapter 4 - Mission Accomplished!

	Lovely Lisa was soon in her unfurnished padded cell, opening her rectum and
cunt to the two muscular male nurses, the naked white meat in a brown whole
wheat sandwich. In his office, Dr. Baumann phoned Eddy.

	"The new patient you sent over is settling in nicely. She didn't seem to
understand at first, but everything has been made clear to her."

	Dr. Baumann listened and chuckled appreciatively.

	"She's quite a fascinating case. Everybody's volunteering to assist in her
therapy! I'll pay her a visit later to make sure she's all right."

	Dr. Baumann listened for a moment, then laughed.

	"Sure, come on over. I'll keep the meat warm!"

					* * * * * * *




				Chapter 5 - Brandi Seeks Advice

	Stripped to the waist, Brandi's big breasts bounced rythmically as her
pretty head bobbed skilfully between the Chief's legs. Knowing lips, strong
probing tongue, master of the deep throat, Lisa's lovely friend put in her usual
ball-draining sexual performance.

 	The Chief of Police was extremely gratified to have scored an
internationally famous fashion model and such a lewdly skilful one at that! She
had quite literally turned aside scores of admirers at the ball, zeroing in on
him hungrily. The way she had maneuvered the Chief's wife into leaving early had
been masterful and ingenious.

	The Chief gave a pre-orgasmic groan. Just before he came,  Brandi carefully
spat out  his dick. He came copiously all over her finely chiseled, upturned
face.

	Brandi made no move to clean herself. With his cum dripping down her
exquisite face onto her superb, naked tits, she made her pitch.

	"Um, I've got a friend and she seems to have disappeared. I think her
husband, John Lovelace, did it. Last I heard of her, she was going to a lawyer
named Edward Schumacher for a divorce. After visiting him, she disappeared."

	The Chief listened to the seductive enchantress with the long, silken hair,
dick hardening figure and pouty, knowing lips. He was excited in more ways than
one. He had wanted to nail Eddy Schumacher for a long, long time. If he could
also bring down a big time crime boss like John Lovelace, it would be a real
feather in his cap...

					* * * * * * * *




				Chapter 6 - Checking The Goods

	Lisa and Eddy faced each other in her padded cell. Her tits had been
released from their cruelly encircling rings. Her arms were now cinched tightly
together behind her back in a leather sheath, bound tightly together from wrist
to elbow. This forced the high breasted beauty's full, ripe melons even further
up and out. Eddy thought that naked, helpless Lisa looked positively
cock-hardening in bondage.

	Lovely Lisa was not,  in any way, happy to see him.

	"You fuck-faced, double-dealing piece of shit!"

	Eddy snorted derisively.

	"You're a fine one to talk! Trying to take a man for everything he's spent
his life working for!"

	Eddy pressed a button on the wall. Nurse Gretchen and the two male nurses
appeared instantly.

	"She  doesn't seem properly respectful, Nurse Gretchen."

	Lisa stared at them in horror. She was deeply distressed as the two nurses
bent her over. Nurse Gretchen oiled up the Memory Wand.

	"No! No! I'm sorry! I didn't mean it! Please! Please! Pretty please?"

	She begged and pleaded with increasing desperation, her voice getting higher
and more hysterical as the Memory Wand penetrated to the very core of her
womanhood. Nurse pressed the button. Lisa screamed.

	Nurse pressed the next button. Lisa screamed higher, louder and longer.

	The Memory Wand was withdrawn. Nurse Gretchen waggled it in Lisa's sobbing
face.

	"Respect your betters, white girl! That even includes lawyers! Do as you're
told!"

	"Yes, ma'am! I'm very sorry, ma'am! It won't happen again, Ma'am! I'll do my
very best to please, Ma'am!"

	Lisa was panting hard, tears streaming down her face. Nurse Gretchen spoke
confidently to Eddy.

	"She won't be any trouble now."

	Eddy laughed.

	"I guess not! I'm very impressed, Nurse Gretchen. You and your colleagues do
excellent work!"

	Incredibly, Nurse Gretchen simpered coyly.

	"We aims to please, massa!"

	She laughed gleefuly at Eddy's look of incredulity and slapped him heartily
on the back. She pointed a finger at him playfully.

	"Gotcha!"

	Everybody laughed uproariously, wiping the tears from their eyes. The nurses
left the room.

	Without a word, Eddy stepped up to the kneeling Lisa, unzipped and fed her
his dick. Anxious to make amends, Lisa sucked like a hoover...

					* * * * * *




				Chapter 7 - Conference

	Eddy Schumacher, John Lovelace and Dr. Baumann sat in leather chairs in
Eddy's luxurious office. Eddy served the drinks.

	"I'm surprised you don't want to see her, John."

	John shrugged.

	"I was getting tired of the bitch anyway. All her goody two-shoe,
environmental bullshit! There's lots of pussy. You guys go wild. Sweat her good.
I've got my own little fucktoy. I admit it. It was a mistake marrying the cunt.
I was thinking with my dick." 

	He looked expectantly at Dr. Baumann.

	"Well, Norm, what do you suggest?"

	"I suggest we tell everyone that we're transfering Lisa out of the country
for treatment at an exotic foreign clinic that specializes in her disorder. Her
friends might be tempted to visit her, once they find out she's in the city. You
don't want her goody, goody two-shoe friends sniffing around."

	Eddy and John listened carefully. Norman Baumann knew his stuff. Gratified
to have the complete attention of his audience, the learned Dr. Bauman
continued.

	"We say that you're having her flown to this horrendously expensive, foreign
clinic for treatment. It makes you look like the caring husband. The plane takes
off to carry her abroad for her posh, deluxe treatment. A fake plane accident in
a small country where the American dollar is king. A fake death certificate from
the same fine country. A story about her being cremated and her ashes spread
over the ocean so that there's no physical evidence. After that, I can get you a
good price for her. She's prime!"

	Eddy looked expectantly at John.

	"What do you say, John? It'll make you a free man and turn a tidy profit!"

	John spoke bluffly.

	"It's good! The bit about solemnly scattering her ashes over the ocean is
real good. She was always dragging me to those trendy, fucking, greenie-weenie
fundraisers!"

	It didn't really work for him, but he did his best to look soulful and
poetic.

	"I'll tell 'em that she always wanted to be one with nature. Her goody
two-shoe friends can't say squat about that!"

	He turned to Dr. Baumann.

	"The only problem is that, if she's alive, she might pop up rather
embarassingly. Like when my first wife's body popped up in that swamp in New
Jersey, when I said that she was off visiting relatives and had just finished
talking to her on the phone. She'd been dead for weeks! How humiliatin'!"

	Eddy chuckled fondly.

	"That's how we met. I got you out of that one. This one's a cakewalk by
comparison. How do we keep her from showing up alive and squawking, Norm?"

	Dr. Baumann spoke excitedly.

	"The people I'd sell her to are into making snuff and torture movies, John.
They make very expensive movies for a very private, very select clientel.
They'll use her hard and then flush her like a turd down the toilet! They're
always looking for prime pussy and they pay top dollar."

	John was very interested.

	"You have any samples?"

	Dr. Baumann grinned knowingly.

	"It just so happens that I do."

	He handed over a video labelled 'Pussy Magician' along with a few others.
John stood up. Everyone shook hands. John held up the tapes in one of his
massive hands.

	"If these tapes are good, then we'll sell her lily white ass to these guys
like you say. If not, then we do everything the same up until the fake airplane
accident and fake death certificate. After that, we snuff her ourselves and
spread her ashes respectfully over the ocean."

	John looked a bit wistful.

	"Jesus! I wish I'd known you guys when I was snuffing my first wife!"

	They all laughed genially...

				* * * * * *




			Chapter 8 - Brandi Investigates Further

	Brandi spread Marla's labia with experienced fingers. She licked playfully.
Then she pulled back the hood around Marla's clit and got serious.

	Marla moaned and groaned ecstatically for what seemed a blissful,
pornerastic eternity. Afterwards, damp and exhausted, Marla was enthusiastic.

	"Wow! You are totally fabulous! It takes a woman's touch. Guys are so
crude!"

	"They have their uses, though."

	Later still, as Brandi and Marla snuggled in the bed, Brandi casually
brought up the subject of  her buddy, Lisa.

	"I hear a friend of mine, Lisa Lovelace, was at your law office the other
day."

	"It's Eddy Schumacher's law office. I'm just some expensive window
dressing."

	Marla furrowed her pretty brow.

	"Did you say Lisa Lovelace? What's with her?"

	Brandi was confused.

	"What do you mean?"

	"She looked really happy while she was signing herself into the loony bin
for a long course of electroshock treatment. She MUST be nuts!"

	Brandi's jaw dropped.

	"WHAT?"

	Marla nodded her head emphatically.

	"Yes! She signed herself into the Baumann Psychiatric Hospital and then took
a cab straight there!"

	Brandi stared. Marla prattled on.

	"You know! The Baumann Hospital! Where they keep the vicious, ultraviolent
criminals, like that horrible Gretchen Brown, who liked playing nurse with her
victims! Or that horrible Annabel the Cannibal, that black belt bull dyke who
liked using her teeth?"

	Marla shuddered delicately. Brandi looked thoughtful.

	"Maybe she didn't know what she was signing."

	Marla shrugged.

	"Maybe. She didn't seem to be paying much attention, just signing where Eddy
told her to. If she didn't know, why did she go there, then? She borrowed my
phone to order the cab to take her there."

	Brandi was puzzled.

	"Maybe Eddy fed her some sort of line."

	Marla nodded knowingly.

	"Eddy's always feeding people lines. He's a lawyer. He's slime. He thinks
I'm just a stupid bimbo."

	Brandi looked at her with respect.

	"You can hardly be a stupid bimbo if you can understand a complex, legal
document in the time it takes three people to sign it."

	Marla laughed.

	"I just play the bimbo for Eddy. He pays a lot better for bimbos than for
secretarial help. A good-looking, sexy, shameless woman can do very well for
herself with a quite minimal effort."

	It was something Brandi believed in herself.

	"Amen to that!"

	Marla continued earnestly.

	"I'm putting myself through university on a bimbo's salary. I couldn't do it
on a secretary's!"

	Brandi was curious.

	"What are you studying?"

	"Combinatorics and optimization."

	Brandi blinked.

	"What's that?"

	Marla smiled sweetly.

	"Math."

	Brandi decided smart, sexy Marla deserved a reward. She licked her fingers
and dipped them delicately between Marla's parted thighs. Marla sighed. Brandi
raised an inquiring eyebrow.

	"Feeling greedy?"

	"Oh, yessssss...."

					* * * * * *




				Chapter 9 - The Pussy Magician

	John popped the tape in the VCR and sat back to watch.

	There were no credits. The camera focussed on a padded restraining table.
For the moment, it didn't have an occupant. The camera scanned sideways.

	Next to the restraining table, a nude, red-haired beauty stood uncomfortably
on bare tiptoes. Her ruby lips were wrapped around a bright red ball gag, held
in place by a studded, black leather strap that passed through the center of the
ball and buckled behind her head. Her wrists were cuffed together behind her
back.

	The carpet matched the drapes. Her dark red pubic bush matched her long dark
red hair.

 	The sweating redhead was on tiptoe for an excellent reason. Two nooses were
looped tightly around the base of her breasts. Her big breasts were purple and
swollen. They were stretched obscenely upwards like two distorted beachballs by
the taut nooses. The tightly cinched nooses were strangling her poor breasts,
cutting off circulation and making them swell up agonizingly.

	A tall, dark, handsome gentleman in an expensive, black silk suit stepped up
next to her. He flashed a dazzling, white smile at the camera.

	"Hello, fans of female distress and misery! I'm Cruel Abdul. I'm wanted for
murder in 17 countries, so I'm not too worried about showing you my face. What's
another murder or two? They can only execute you once! I'm your host for this
evening's entertainment."

	He gestured at the redhead. The two nooses held her facing forward. She
looked at him wildy out of the corner of her lovely green eyes. He squeezed one
of her sweating buttocks affectionately.

	"This is Cindy. As you can see, she's already working hard to amuse you with
her bare bod! She's going to work even harder still after the Pussy Magician
puts in his performance.That's when we crank her all the way up so those pretty
little toes leave the ground."

	Cindy spoke earnestly. Courtesy of the large ball gag filling her mouth, she
ended up sounding like Kenny on South Park. Abdul listened intently and then
nodded his head as if he understood her and agreed completely.

	"You're right, Cindy. That's really going to hurt! Your breasts are going to
start tearing internally. They're probably tearing internally right now."

	Cindy babbled some more into her gag. Abdul nodded agreement again.

  	"Right you are, Cindy! When your whole weight is hanging from your tits,
they may be ripped right off your chest!"

	He gestured at Cindy's perfectly painted toenails.

	"You'll notice that she's standing on a trap door. When we crank ole Cindy
up off the ground so that she's hanging by her tits, we'll open the trap door
that covers the spike pit - a veritable forest of six foot steel spikes. If her
tits rip off, she falls on the spikes. It's a twelve foot drop. We have cameras
underneath to photograph her drop, every inch of the way down, in loving slow
motion. If she falls, we'll capture her impalement from a pleasing variety of
angles in glorious living (and dying) color - mainly red!"

	Cindy, glistening with sweat, babbled something further, her green eyes wide
and earnest. Abdul's head bobbed in agreement.

	"That's right, Cindy. Your tits might hold! In that case, you die of slow
asphyxiation. You are doubtless experiencing some difficulty sucking in air now,
with your chest pulled out and up and a lot of your weight hanging from your
diaphragm. With your whole weight hanging from your chest, you won't last long.
You'll be emptying your bowels and bladder for the cameras and going into your
death spasms fairly quickly."

	Cindy babbled something that sounded very much like despairing agreement. He
put his arm around her bare shoulders and lightly rested some of his weight on
her. Cindy's lovely green eyes widened and she squealed like a boiled pig. Abdul
laughed and withdrew his arm.

	"Well, that's enough of Cindy for now. We'll come back after the show and
see how those taut, straining calf muscles are holding up. As you can see, she's
in great shape! Her tits will probably be a deeper shade of purple and stretched
a bit further too."

	Cruel Abdul smiled at Cindy. His hand dipped between her legs and gave her
an intimate grope. Cindy babbled some more and humped her hips. It was obvious
she was offering him some. Cruel Abdul laughed.

	"Right now? In front of everybody?"

	Cindy nodded desperately. Cruel Abdul laughed delightedly.

	"Sorry, honey, I've got a pair of prime pussies waiting back stage. I've got
to save my strength. Thanks for offering, though."

	Cindy burst into tears. Abdul was delighted.

	"Don't go away, honey. You've got a big night ahead of you and lot's of fans
eager to see you deliver."

	Cruel Abdul gestured at the padded restraining table. He flashed his
dazzling smile.

	"And now, Ladies and gentleman, I'd like to introduce The Pussy Magician,
Count Eduardo!."

	Formally dressed in a top hat and tails, the elegantly clad Pussy Magician
stepped forward. An aristocratic looking gentleman, Count Eduardo held his hand
out dramatically towards a stunning beauty, wearing a top hat and tails, high
heels and stockings. Other than that she was stark naked. The front of her
jacket had been cut away to display her magnificent breasts, smooth bare belly
and richly curled pussy. She postured boldly.

	"Introducing Count Eduardo's beautiful assistant: Cherry!"

	Cruel Abdul mugged briefly for the camera.

	"And what is a pussy magician without a pussy? No, although she's certainly
prime, tonight's pussy is not Cherry!""

	Abdul waggled his eyebrows comically like Groucho. The camera moved to Count
Eduardo and his beautiful assistant. In a rolling basso profundo voice, Count
Eduardo spoke commandingly to his assistant.

	"Get me some pussy, Cherry!"

	In his seat in front of the TV, John sniggered.

	Cherry held up a leash dramatically. She gave it a pull. A tall blond
attached to the leash by a dog collar stepped reluctantly onto the stage. She
was wearing thigh high stockings, black high heels and nothing else. Like Cindy,
her mouth was filled with a large red ball gag, held in place by a studded,
black leather strap. She was a natural blond. The carpet matched the drapes. A
very full-figured beauty with big breasts and flowing blond hair that hung down
to her delectable bare buttocks, she didn't look like she knew what to expect
exactly.

	Count Eduardo commanded calmly in his deep, rich voice.

	"Cherry! Get the voluptuous Vikki up on the table and strap her down."

	Cherry patted the restraining table. She was a hard, cynical sounding vixen.

	"Get up on the table, Vikki. Lie on your back."

	Voluptuous Vikki looked scared and nervous. Cherry began to get impatient.

	"Just do it, Vikki! You don't want to end up like Cindy, do you?"

	Vikki hopped up onto the table and lay on her back.

	"Put your hands over your head, Vikki."

	Vikki's slim wrists were cuffed together to the head of the table. Her legs
were folded under her so that her high heels were under her ass lifting it up in
the air. Her ankles were cuffed together. A strap was looped around her calf and
thigh on each leg and cinched tight to keep them folded. Before this strap was
cinched tight, two slim, stainless steel chains were looped around each knee and
attached to either side of the table spreading her thighs wide and exposing
Vikki's upthrust pussy nicely. A thin leather strap crossed her waist, pinning
her to the table. Two more restraining straps crossed her chest, one above and
one below her quivering tits.

	Cherry spent a few moments cinching the straps painfully tight. Vikki
groaned as the straps and chains were tightened brutally. Her groin muscles
could be seen straining against the chains which held her knees spread wide.
When Cherry was done, Vikki could lift her head off the table to see what was
happening and that was about it. A V-shaped section of the table between Vikki's
trembling, wide-spread thighs was removed to grant easier access to her
helplessly bound, fully exposed, nude body.

	Cherry got out a tube of K-Y jelly. Vikki groaned as Cherry's long, knowing
fingers worked it in to her labia and vaginal passage. Cherry was cheerful.

	"Vikki! A woman in your position, shamelessly showing everyone the goodies,
has to be well-lubricated. Believe me, you'll be grateful!"

	Voluptuous Vikki moaned helplessly in fear.

	Count Eduardo removed his jacket and top hat. He handed them to Cherry. He
rolled up the sleeves of his shirt past his elbows. The implication was plain:
nothing up his sleeves. With a small flourish, Cherry handed him a bottle of
baby oil. He splashed it on his hands. Vikki had her pretty head lifted up from
the table, watching carefully, wide-eyed and apprehensive.

	Count Eduardo stepped up to Vikki. Pausing significantly, he held up one
finger to the camera. Big breasted Vikki was breathing in short, fearful gulps.
Her bare boobs quivered like jelly, capped by fear-hardened nipples. She
whimpered as Count Eduardo slipped first one exploratory finger and then two
fingers inside her cunt.

	Suddenly, he rammed his fist in, forearm deep. Vikki screamed hard into her
ball gag. Her naked body strained violently against the tight straps as he
twisted his fist hard inside her. He dramatically withdrew his fist, opened it
... and released a dove.

	The small studio audience applauded.  Vikki was red-faced and panting hard.
Her cuntlips were red and swollen. The dove settled on Cherry's extended hand
and was put in a cage.

	Count Eduardo stepped up to Vikki's splayed open cunt and held up two
fingers. Vikki raised her lovely, tear-stained face and shook her head
frantically. She made small, pleading noises into her gag. She screamed even
higher than before as his fist rammed into her most intimate orifice. Her
shreiks grew higher and more raw sounding as he squeezed and pinched inside her,
mugging comically for the cameras, feeling around for doves.

	He jerked out his hand ... and released two doves simultaneously. The
well-trained doves flew straight to Cherry who put them in the cage with the
first dove.

	Count Eduardo stepped up to a frantic, wild-eyed Vikki and held up three
fingers. Vikki lost bladder control and peed herself. The dark yellow urine
sprayed messily from her crotch and splattered noisily onto the padded table.
Count Eduardo looked at his panic-stricken victim lying in a slowly expanding
puddle of her own urine and grinned at his assistant.

	"Cherry! Do you think that this vile smelling bitch has three more doves up
her cunt?"

	Vikki shook her head frantically. Cherry smirked.

	"She looks EXACTLY like the sort of shameless hussy that would hide doves up
her cunt!"

	The Count looked dubious.

	"I'd have to use both hands!"

	Vikki was absolutely horror-stricken. She jerked against the tightly cinched
straps frantically, but futilely. Cherry was firmly supportive of her man.

	"You can do it, Count Eduardo!"

	Count Eduardo frowned thoughtfully, an expert contemplating a difficult
task.

	"Do you think that she needs a bit more lubrication?"

	Vikki nodded yes, desperation in her wildly darting eyes. Cherry was more
sanguine.

	"She's fine just as she is! All it needs is a pair of good, strong hands and
plenty of strength. You're strong! You're brutal! You can do it! Open the bitch
wide!"

	Vikki squealed frantically and her deep blue eyes bulged as the Count began
to wiggle the fingers of both hands into her poor, brutalized orifice...

	Afterwards, when the three new doves were in their cage, the camera panned
over Vikki's luscious blond body. Still strapped down lewdly on the table, poor
Vikki was bawling hysterically, eyes bloodshot, snot dribbling from her nose and
blood seeping from her slit.

	Count Eduardo and Cherry bowed to tumultuous applause. The Count gestured
happily.

	"Over to you, cool Abdul and hot, sweaty Cindy!"

	As cool, cruel Abdul had predicted, Cindy's poor strangled boobs were more
swollen and a much deeper shade of purple than before. Abdul ran his hands over
her violently trembling calves.

	"It's the moment of truth, Cindy."

	As she was slowly winched up, Cindy gave vent to some of the rawest screams
John had ever heard. Even his first wife hadn't screamed that loud when he was
carving her up before putting her remains in that ill-advised New Jersey swamp.
At that moment, he knew that these were the perfect people to take care of his
Lisa problem...

				* * * * * * * * *




			Chapter 10 - Mealtime for Lisa

	"On your knees, bitch!"

	"Yes, Ma'am!"

	Lisa obediently dropped to her knees. Nurse Gretchen believed in firmness
with her charges. They wouldn't be here if they weren't troublesome bitches to
begin with. No point in being nice.

	"Don't be prissy! You've got a fine body! Spread your knees wide, bitch!
Everybody's seen your honeypot. No point in being shy."

	"No point at all, ma'am!"

	Nurse Gretchen eyed the thick wads of jizm running down the inside of Lisa's
thighs.

	"You have a popular fuckhole. You've got to keep your legs spread so your
honeypot can drain, bitch."

	"Yes, ma'am!"

	Nurse Gretchen opened a jar of baby food.

	"Feeding time! I'm going mix each spoonful with a bit of my spit to help it
go down."

	Lisa didn't look very happy with this. Gretchen gave her a hard look.

	"You got a problem with that, bitch?"

	Lisa licked her lips nervously, her eyes on the Memory Wand in its holster.

	"Um, well..."

	Nurse Gretchen's hand moved slowly to the holster. Gretchen spoke softly.

	"You've been swapping spit with lots of men. Is my spit not good enough for
you, bitch?"

	Lisa looked up into Gretchen's cruel, evil eyes.She blanched and, hurriedly,
caved in completely.

	"I'm sure that your spit is just what a girl like me needs, ma'am! I'm very
sorry if there was any misunderstanding, ma'am! It was very stupid of me, ma'am!
I guess that I'm just a dumb cunt, ma'am!"

	Gretchen nodded.

	"That's OK, bitch! Dumb cunts are the best fucks!"

	"Then I must be sensational, ma'am!"

	Gretchen had to laugh at that. She spooned out a small portion of pablum.
She horked up an nice phlegmy spitwad and dribbled it carefully onto the spoon.

	"Open wide, bitch!"

	Lisa opened. Gretchen shovelled it in. Lisa promptly threw up. Gretchen
looked at her hard.

	"You ARE going to lick that up, aren't you, bitch?"

	"Yes, ma'am! I'm very sorry, ma'am!"

	Her wrists were tied behind her back with a white plastic tie that could
only be cut loose. This made it a bit awkward, but Lisa managed to lick it all
up under Nurse Gretchen's careful supervision.

	"Now that you've learned to gulp it down, we'll start adding a few boogers
to stimulate your immune system!"

	The rest of the feeding was a bit of a struggle. Lisa's eyes watered as the
phlegmy, snot-ridden pablum burned back up her throat and into her sinuses, but
she managed to choke it back down without actually throwing up again. Finally,
they were done. Lisa had a suggestion.

	"Maybe I could clean up a bit, ma'am? I smell terrible!"

	Nurse Gretchen sniffed the air carefully.

	"You smell just like a puke-faced cunt to me! Have you got delusions of
grandeur, bitch?"

	"No, ma'am."

	"Then you're not ready to be scrubbed down just yet. No need to get the
bottle brush out and give you a good reaming right now! Maybe later. Nice of you
to volunteer, though."

	Nurse Gretchen grinned in a way that made Lisa very sorry that she had
brought up the subject. There were things a lot worse than smelling of cum and
vomit. Lisa resolved to keep her big, fat mouth shut in future...

					* * * * * * * *




				Chapter 11 - Raid

	While Lisa, alone in her cell, was puking hard down the grating, Dr. Baumann
had visitors.

	"Surprise inspection! We want to see Lisa Lovelace and we want to see her
now!"

	Dr. Baumann pressed the secret button under his desk. He looked up at his
visitors calmly.

	"I suppose you gentlemen, and one lady, can show me some ID. Also, before we
go any further, show me the necessary paperwork!"

	Jane stepped forward and introduced herself.

	"I'm a public prosecutor and I'm here to make sure that there are no legal
loopholes. If our information is sound, you're in big trouble, buddy!"

	She threw the paperwork contemptuously on his desk.

	"Here, you have a good time reading it while we see Lisa in Secure
Containment, unit number 69. Don't bother showing us the way. We already know.
Ernie, you stay here and keep an eye on the good Doctor. "

	They left.

	Dr. Baumann thought carefully under Ernie's watchful eye. He picked up the
phone.

	"I'm calling my lawyer, if that's all right with you."

	Ernie shrugged indifferently.

	"If our information is true, you're gonna need him."

	Dr. Baumann spoke calmly.

	"Eddy, government inpectors are here. They're looking specifically for Lisa
Lovelace. I hope that there is no problem with her commital."

	On the other end, Eddy frowned.

	"They're asking specifically for Lisa Lovelace? The number of people who
know she's there is very small indeed."

	Dr. Baumann nodded.

	"That's what I thought. Perhaps you can follow up? I'm a little busy here."

	Eddy was businesslike.

	"I'll handle my end if you can handle yours. Can you talk freely?"

	Dr. Baumann looked at Ernie and smiled.

	"No, not really."

	Eddy was calm.

	"Well, perhaps we should move ahead the date on that plan we were
discussing."

	Dr. Baumann nodded.

	"Exactly."

	They both hung up. Eddy sat back and looked thoughtful. He called John
Lovelace.

	"John, did you tell anyone where Lisa's being kept?"

	John was emphatic.

	"I'm not telling anyone anything until they ask and nobody's asking. Is
there trouble?"

	Eddy was reassuring.

	"Nothing I can't handle."

	John was explicit.

	"I hope not. Guys who can't handle things don''t last."

	Eddy mopped the sweat from his brow...

					* * * * * *




			Chapter 12 - Secure Containment - Unit Number 69

	"Unlock the door and let us in to see Lisa Lovelace."

	The male nurse looked uneasy.

	"That's not a very good idea."

	"Why not?"

	"She's extremely violent."

	The Chief Inspector looked through the spyhole in the door.

	"All I see is one bare-legged, barefoot young woman wearing a straight
jacket."

	He looked sourly at the burly male nurse.

	"Stand aside and let us in, sonny."

	He glanced confidently at the inspection team surrounding him.

	"I think that all of us can handle one of her. If you're chicken, you can
cower out here."

	The male nurse shook his head.

	"You don't understand. She's EXTREMELY dangerous, EXTREMELY violent."

	The inspector was contemptuous.

	"She's a little girl and we're big, strong guys except for Jane here and
she's a tough woman who knows how to handle herself. I think that you've drugged
her up and are holding us up, waiting for the drug to take effect so she looks
mentally ill when we talk to her. It's not going to work, sonny."

	The male nurse shook his head emphatically.

	"I guarantee it! She's extremely dangerous and she's not drugged up."

	With a snort of impatience, the Chief Inspector tore the keys from his hands
and opened the door...

				* * * * * * *




			Chapter 13 - Bambi

	Eddy had thought carefully. He called in Bambi for a little chat.

	"Do you remember that woman who was in here the other day? You and Marla witnessed the papers for her - Lisa Lovelace?"

	Bambi spoke up perkily.

	"Marla says that those were commital papers for an asylum. Wow! She seemed so, like, normal!"

	Eddy blinked.

	"I didn't know that lovely Marla was so observant."

	Bambi nodded.

	"Marla's really bright! She has a photographic memory. She can speed read, too - a whole page at a glance."

	Eddy was amazed.

	"I never suspected."

	Poor, innocent Bambi was breezily informative.

	"She plays the dumb bimbo really well. She keeps us girls in stitches sometimes. Marla's absolutely hilarious! She's working her way through university. She's almost a Phd in mathematics, you know!" 

	Eddy did his best to look delighted.

	"No, I didn't know. How about you? Are you a genius in your spare time?"

	Bambi laughed.

	"No. I'm just a poor orphan, all alone, trying to make her way in the world. My family died in a car accident. I was the only one in the car to live. The orphanage was hard, but here I am!"

	She sounded a little sad.

	"I guess I'm a natural born survivor!"

	Eddy exuded sympathy.

	"Gee, that's tough!"

	Then he was all business.

	"I need you to deliver something. Could you send Marla in on your way out?"

	"Sure."

	Bambi smiled pleasantly, a happy airhead going unkowingly on a mission to hell...

				* * * * * * 




		Chapter 14 - Secure Containment - Unit Number 69

	The Chief Inspector opened the door. The inspection team crowded in to the
padded cell.

	The attack was sudden... and stunningly vicious.

	The dark haired woman in the straight jacket dropped the Chief Inspector
with a dazzlingly quick kick to the crotch that turned his nuts to jelly. Her
bare legs flashed as she broke his assistant's thigh with a kick just above the
knee. The assistant collapsed and screamed like a woman while the woman in the
straight jacket knocked Jane out with a spin kick to the head. The other man's
neck snapped as she kicked him hard under the chin with balletic grace. 

	The team member who had hung back to keep an eye on the male nurse ran down
the corridor, panic-stricken, yelling hysterically for help. Inside the cell,
the dark haired woman in the straight jacket straddled the unconcious Jane,
parted her lips and sucked Jane's tongue into her mouth. She bit it off and
swallowed it. The male nurse shot her in the rump with a tranquilizer dart. It
was all over, except for substituting Lisa with a tranquilizer in her rump for
the now unconscious Annabel the Cannibal.

	The man with the broken leg screamed on, pasty faced and deep in shock, a
witness to nothing. The rescue squad arrived. The male nurse with the
tranquilizer gun shook his head unbelievingly as they began getting medical care
and removing the dead.

	"I told them not to go in. I told them that she was extremely dangerous. I
told them that she wasn't sedated. He just snatched the keys from hand and
charged right in. What a stupid fuckhead!"

	He watched impassively as the Chief Inspector was removed, the remains of
his pulverized testicles cupped in his hands, locked in a universe of
mind-stunning pain, converted to a eunich, bawling like a baby...

				* * * * * * * *




			Chapter 15 - Post Mortem

	Dr. Baumann dialed Eddy's beeper. He entered the number of the pay phone he
was standing next to. He waited patiently for Eddy to get to his own pay phone.
They could bug his phone. They could bug Eddy's phone, but they couldn't bug
every pay phone in the city.

	The pay phone rang. Dr. Baumann picked it up.

	"Hi, Eddy. No problem. A guy like me would be a fool not to have well
drilled staff with a carefully prepared plan."

	He listened to Eddy and laughed derisively.

	"Fuckin' government assholes think they know everything and can trample over
everybody!  They were warned repeatedly, but they went in anyway. Turns out Lisa
is very dangerous and you were right to send her here. Surprise! Surprise! The
situation here is completely under control. The government inspection team has
egg on their faces, those of them that survived."

	Dr. Baumann listened briefly.

	"Yeah, two dead. Public prosecutor Jane's missing her tongue. The Chief
Inspector won't have sex ever again. It was a bloody mess for the inspection
team and Lisa's completely to blame. I don't think I'll have any problems with
those guys for a long, long time to come. We do keep some of the most dangerous
lunatics in the world here. We're not bungling incompetents. They are. Annabel's
a fifth dan black belt in Tae Kwan Do. She's quite proud of her kicks. Christ,
if she'd had her hands free, they'd all be dead!"

	Dr. Baumann listened a moment.

	"So you know this Jane broad? I hope she wasn't a good friend or anything."

	Dr. Baumann laughed wickedly.

	"Sorry, I guess you don't have too many friends amongst the public
prosecutors. Natural enemies, eh?  Well, what good is a lawyer without her
tongue? I guess Jane's one less prosecutor you'll have to face in court. She's
lucky. If Joey hadn't nailed Annabel with the dart gun, she'd have lost her
nipples. Unless she's interrupted, Annabel always gulps down the tongue and
nipples. It's a little hang-up she has."

	Dr. Baumann was curious.

	"Have you tracked down your leak? It must be a very small field of
suspects."

	Dr. Baumann chortled.

	"If you need any help squeezing them to find out who they blabbed to, or
just in shutting them down, you know I guarantee my work!"
	
	Dr. Baumann grinned as he hung up the phone. It had been a good day...

				* * * * * *




			Chapter 16 - Bambi

	Bambi stood in the small room, the thick envelope in her hand. A dark haired
woman in a nurse's uniform stepped into the room. Bambi thought that she looked
vaguely familiar. She held out the envelope.

	"Hello, Annabel?"

	The nurse nodded. It said Nurse Annabel on the tag pinned to her uniform.

	"I'm from Eddy Schumacher's office. I've been sent here to the Baumann
Psychiatric Hospital to hand deliver these papers to you. Eddy says that you
were really anxious for them!"

	The nurse spoke coldly, in a voice from the Pits of Hell. Her mad eyes
gleamed dangerously.

	"I'm only going to say this once, cunt, so listen carefully. Take off your
clothes or I'll kick you in the head."

	Bambi's jaw dropped. She suddenly knew where she had seen this woman before,
in the newspapers.

	"You're Annabel the Cannibal, aren't you?"

	Annabel nodded.

	Bambi had read a very lurid book about Annabel with pictures of her munched
up victims . Deathly afraid, Bambi hurried to unbutton...

	Through the two way mirror, Dr. Baumann watched with interest. Annabel had
stripped until all she was wearing was the nurse's cap. Bambi was in stockings
and high heels, her pretty face buried in Annabel's muff. Dr. Baumann sighed.
Bambi was co-operating fully and was sexually skilful. It would be hours, at
least, before her tongue and nipples were in Annabel's stomach and the serious
screaming began...

					* * * * * *




				Chapter 17 - Prosecutor Jane

	Jane awoke groggily, her head throbbing like the hammers of hell. Her mouth
hurt like blazes. She tried to raise her hand to her aching head but was unable
to. She opened her eyes. A brief, horrifying glance told her everything.

	She was naked on her back in a hospital bed with steel rails on either side
to keep her from falling out. Her wrists and ankles were cuffed to a rail on
either side. She was lying on a plastic sheet. Jane began to worry. Then she
realized that her tongue was gone...

					
	Gretchen watched Jane over the secret surveillence cameras. She waited until
Jane couldn't hold it in any longer and was emptying her bursting bladder on the
plastic sheet. That was the moment she chose to make her entrance. Gretchen
grinned.

	"Sounds like rain on a tin roof! And the smell! Have you know shame, woman?"

	Jane blushed violently. Gretchen toyed with the public prosecutor's pubic
hair.

	"You remember me?"

	Jane nodded. She had very quickly given up trying to speak. It was much too
painful.

	"Dr. Baumann has the word put out that you're in a permanent coma,courtesy
of the kick to your head. Your husband said that it was probably for the best
as, without your tongue, you probably wouldn't think life was worth living.
Hospital bills to keep human vegetables alive are awesomely expensive. Your
husband said that you two had discussed it and it was OK to pull the plug. Dr.
Baumann explained that there was no plug to pull. You were almost completely 
brain dead probably, but could live for another thirty years or more, kept going
by your autonomic nervous system, a glucose drip and good physio-therapy."

	Gretchen shook her head in mock sympathy.

	"Your husband seemed really depressed, thinking of those huge medical bills
sucking the life out of him. Dr. Baumann cheered him up a lot when he said that
he'd keep you here in a bed, free of charge, as he felt badly about what had
happened. Not that anybody thought that it was anything but your own
over-confident stupidity."

	The tongue-less lawyer's eyes were darting nervously, like a frightened bird
trapped in a cage with a viper. Gretchen's voice oozed sympathy.

	"I know you must be a bit distressed but, after I've wiped up your pee, I've
arranged some entertainment to cheer you up. You remember Groper, also known as
The Fisting Rapist?"

	Jane felt like her heart had been ripped from her chest and stomped on.

	"In case you've forgotten, he was in the habit of oiling a victim up from
head to toe and then working his fist into her cunt."

	Gretchen watched with satisfaction as Prosecutor Jane's eyes grew huge.

	"The good news is that he's really developed as a human being while he's
been here. Now, he's into anal fisting as well!"

	Nurse Gretchen left the room for moment and returned with Groper and a slim,
hyperactive man who was wearing only a t-shirt. The t-shirt had I'M WITH STUPID
printed on it, with an arrow pointing downward to his erect penis.

	Groper had a huge bottle of baby oil. Jane gasped as he quickly went to work
between her parted legs with his large hands and long, strong, deeply probing
fingers. Groper was affable.

	"I'll start by oiling up your holes. Then you'll have a quick interlude with
my colleague. You remember the Bunnyfuck Rapist? A fast, but frequent flyer?"

	It was clear from Prosecutor Jane's expression that she remembered him
clearly.

	"After that, I'll oil up the rest of you."

	He looked at her with a true connoisseur's eye.
 	
	"You've got a nice rack. We'll spend some quality time there. After you're
dripping with baby oil, it's over to my colleague again for a quick romantic
interlude. Then I oil up your holes once more and we get serious."

	Jane grunted as strong hands prised apart her tightly clenched buttocks and
long, probing fingers began deftly opening up and oiling up her asshole...

				* * * * * * * *




			Chaprt 18 - Brandi, P.I.

	Lisa's friend Brandi strapped on the dildo and oiled it up.

	Wearing only her nurse's cap and a big, stupid grin, Nurse Mary spread her
legs. Brandi began to delve skilfully...

	Afterwards, Brandi asked a few innocent questions.

	"I hear that somebody I know, Lisa Lovelace, checked herself into the
Baumann Psychiatric Hospital. I thought that you guys only did the criminally
insane, sexual sadists, ultraviolent serial rapists and people like that?"

	Nurse Mary suddenly looked a little nervous. Brandi passed her a joint to
help calm her down. Mary sucked deeply and relaxed visibly.

	"We do other people too. Is this Lisa a friend of yours?"

	Brandi replied guilelessly.

	"Not really. It's just that I thought it was interesting her checking in
like that. She seemed so normal on the few occasions I talked to her."

	Nurse Mary spoke earnestly.

	"Don't go around telling people that you know she checked in. Just forget
about it! It could be very bad for your health knowing stuff like that and, even
worse, blabbing it around!"

	Brandi's lovely eyes opened wide.

	"Wow! Do you, like, keep people prisoners in there if, for example, their
husband wants them out of the way?"

	Nurse Mary nodded slowly.

	"It's a very special and very expensive service for very rich clients. Just
don't say a word to anyone!"

	"Mum's the word! Believe me! I don't want to join them, locked up with all
those violent, rapist madmen!"

	Nurse Mary agreed emphatically.

	"Exactly! Just forget you ever heard about it! Forget Lisa Lovelace! She's
toast! Her husband's flushed her like a turd down the toilet."

	They sat silently in the bed, passing the joint back and forth. Nurse Mary
had confirmed Brandi's suspicions. Brandi shook her head and began oiling up the
dildo. She declaimed mightily like a game show host.

	"Roll over on your stomach, Nurse Mary! It's time for the bonus round!"

	Mary giggled giddily.

	"I guess we're going to find out what's behind door number two...

					* * * * * * *




				Chapter 19 - Survivors

	Dr. Baumann was quite happy in the central room with the two way mirrors
that looked secretly into three adjoining rooms.

	In room number one, Prosecutor Jane's face was a study in despair, although
her body wasn't doing too well, either. Her labia were grotesquely distended.
Her breasts had that much pawed and brutally squeezed look. The figure in the
red cape and tights standing next to Jane's nude body looked vaguely familiar.
Then he remembered the caped crusader: Scatman! Public Prosecutor Jane whimpered
piteously as Scatman turned his back to her, raised his cape and lowered his
tights...

	In room number two, Dr. Baumann was amazed at Bambi's versatility. The young
beauty was sweating hard to keep Annabel amused. The currently tableau seemed
particularly stressful.

	Naked, on her back, each slim wrist was bound to the corresponding dainty
ankle. A thin, strong chain was fastened to each wrist-ankle bond and passed
under the table. The chain was then snugged tight. As a result, Bambi was
helpless on her back with her legs spread wide.

	Annabel was working between Bambi's thighs with a small frame. She attached
small clamps to Bambi's cuntlips, screwing each clamp agonizingly tight. The
clamps were attached to the frame via a system of pulleys. Annabel pulled on a
cord attached to the ingenious set of pulleys. Bambi's labia were stretched
painfully wide. Suddenly, a groaning Bambi was showing an awful lot of pink.

	Annabel picked up a needle and dipped the slim sliver of steel into a jar of
indelible ink. Bambi was breathing hard in short, fearful gulps. Annabel was
enthusiastic.

	"I've got good news for you! You're going to get a lovely tattoo on your
inner labia and clit, Bambi. It will take quite a while and I want absolute
silence while I work. You don't want to make any noise and interrupt me, do you,
Bambi?"

	Bambi took one look into Annabel's black, pitiless eyes, twin portals to
hell,  and gave the only possible response.

	"No, Annabel. I'll do my very best to please you! I'll be quiet as a mouse!"

	Annabel had some words of advice.

	"This is going to hurt a lot, Bambi. I have to twist the needle quite a bit
to make sure the ink is worked in nice and deep! Breath slowly and take deep,
deep breaths."

	The sliver of steel stabbed viciously in Annabel's cruel, knowing fingers.
Bambi took a deep, shuddery breath. Her pretty face grimaced in pain at the
agonizing sting of the needle. Annabel had mixed a little iodine in with the
ink...

	In room number three, lovely Lisa was opening her holes, gobbling dick and
giving hand jobs to five hard, horny rapists.

	It was a hot time in the old town tonight...

					* * * * * *




				Chapter 20 - Marla Takes A Trip

	Lovely Marla was excited. It was like a dream come true! A mathematics
scholarship to study at the University Of Waterloo in Canada - world famous for
it's Faculty Of Mathematics! She could hardly believe it when Eddy had told her
about winning the Lovelace Scholarship.

	Everything was working out beautifully. The only trouble was that she had to
pack and leave immediately, but her room-mate had wanted her boyfriend to move
in anyway. Marla's leaving facilitated this nicely.

	Marla went to the airport. Her ticket was for a small airline that she had
never heard of - Dolcett Airways. She was on a Club X One Way Excursion Fare -
whatever that was. Eddy had arranged it.

	The detector she had to walk through looked like it was a lot more
sophisticated than other metal detectors she had seen. From the intent way the
guys were looking at it when she went through, she wondered if they could tell
what color her thong was.

	The beautiful ticket clerk welcomed her with a big, friendly smile.

	"Oh! This is a very exclusive airline! Each passenger is escorted aboard
individually to her seat. These gentleman will show you the way."

	Two very large and muscular hunks smiled warmly at her. Marla was enchanted.

	"This way, ma'am!"

	She was escorted down a tunnel. She stepped through a doorway. Marla jumped,
badly startled as the large steel door slammed shut loudly behind her. An
aristocratic beauty clad entirely in black leather from her spike heeled boots
to her black leather gloves looked at her coldly. The leather clad aristocrat
was a classic Leather Bitch.

	The Leather Bitch held up a prod with two electrodes at the end. She pressed
the button and the electrodes sparked wickedly.

	"OK, bitch, listen up! This is an electric prod designed specifically for
use on human beings. Would you like a taste of it?"

	Marla could hardly breath, her eyes wide with fear.

	"Uh, no thanks. What's happening here?"

	"What's happening is that you're being kidnapped. Women are far more
sensitive to electric shock than men, so this is the ideal device for handling
them. I'm going to be generous and give you a choice: either you co-operate or I
zap you."

	"Uh, I'll co-operate. Believe me, you won't have to use that thing!"

	The Leather Bitch smirked.

	"Strip! You can keep the high heels and stockings on. Everything else has to
go. Just fold it up neatly and put it in that box."

	Marla hesistated. The Leather Bitch sparked the prod and took a threatening
step towards her. Marla started unbuttoning.

	"OK! OK! I'll do it. You don't have to zap me!"

	Marla folded her skirt and blouse neatly and put them in the box. She looked
at her two muscular escorts who were watching with interest.

	"Um, can I keep my bra and panties on?"

	The Leather Bitch raised a pencil thin eyebrow.

	"Were my instructions unclear? What did I say, bitch?"

	"Um, you said strip down to my high heels and stockings."

	"Have you done that yet?"

	"Uh, not exactly."

	The Leather Bitch sparked the wicked-looking prod impatiently.

	"Better get cracking then!"

	Taking a deep breath, Marla uncupped her spectacular breastworks and peeled
the thong out of the crack of her glorious ass. The Leather Bitch held out a
rubber ball with a studded leather strap through the center.

	"Put the rubber ball in your mouth and buckle the strap snugly behind your
head."

	Marla did it, although the large rubber ball was a tight fit and stretched
her jaws achingly wide. The Leather Bitch smirked.

	"Follow me to your seat."

	She led the way onto the plane. Marla followed obediently, the two goons
behind giving her no real choice.

	Once inside the plane, pretty Marla was deeply shocked. Each seat was
occupied by a ball gagged, naked beauty strapped firmly in place, legs spread
wide, all her charms lewdly displayed.

	"Sit!"

	Marla sat. The seat had a hole in the center and a self-flushing toilet
underneath. Ankle and thigh straps kept her legs spread nicely. Wrist cuffs
attached to the back of the seat. The lap strap was snugged down tightly across
her hips. A thick collar attached her neck to the base of the headrest. A strap
across her forehead pinned her head to the headrest. The Leather Bitch gestured
at a familiar, well-used beauty in the next seat.

	"I believe you already know Lisa. Unfortunately, no conversation is
permitted during the flight. The movie for your in-flight entertainment is a
delightful little number called 'Snuffed Muff'. I believe the title says it all.
You're the last one. Enjoy the flight!"

	She ran her fingers playfully up the inside of Marla's quivering thigh and
along her cuntlips. She grinned lewdly, gave a dirty little snigger indeed and
left to take her seat. As the plane began to taxi to the runway, all lovely
Marla could hear above the sound of the jet engines were soft moans of fear, the
pretty tinkle of bladders being emptied and the toilets flushing themselves...

				* * * * * *




			Chapter 21 - Brandi Triumphs!

	"You're a very naughty little boy."

	The naughty little boy in question groaned in ecstacy as the fucktoy wrapped
her cunt around his dick and clamped tight with her delightful, snapping pussy.
Showing the most enchanting muscle control, Lisa's 'friend' Brandi milked him
skilfully into a volcanic orgasm.

	"Dammit! You're the best I've ever had!"

	John Lovelace was flushed and gasping with pleasure. Later, Brandi chided
him gently.

	"We're not going to hear from Lisa again, are we?"

	"What makes you say that?"

	Brandi looked at him with beautifully feigned, wide-eyed innocence.

	"Why, she seems to have disappeared, somewhat more smoothly than your first
wife."

	John Lovelace grinned.

	"Her next appearance will be in the obituary column. After her 'death', I've
arranged for her to star in a truly vicious movie or two to be distributed to
connoisseurs of female suffering. She won't be using a stunt double, I'm afraid.
As a special treat, I'll let you watch. Is that a problem? You were always
telling me to dump the greedy little bitch!"

	Brandi laughed.

	"No, I love it, snookems! A lot of guys say that they're gonna leave their
wives, but you actually deliver! Although, it's more like your wives leaving you
- permanently."

	John laughed. Ever since he had started porking the delectable Brandi, his
luck had turned around. She was full of helpful little suggestions for dealing
more effectively, and far more brutally, with his problems, like the treacherous
drug dealer now resting peacefully under the beach. A totally immoral bitch
after his own heart, Brandi had introduced Eddy Schumacher to Dr. Baumann and
his lovely hospital with it's very special facilities. The way she had wormed
her way into Lisa's confidence and led her down the garden path had been a
masterpiece of deceit. Taking care of that pesky prosecutor, Jane the Pain, had
been an unexpected bonus.

	Wicked little Brandi was definitely a woman he could learn from...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Llabmik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





