BDSM Library - Sheik Rashid's Vengeance




Sheik Rashid's Vengeance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story was written and is set in a time before people began worrying about Arabs flying planes over the USA. Briefly, 3 coeds at a political rally abuse Shiek Rashid and he pays them back, with interest.
	SHEIK RASHID'S VENGEANCE by Llabmik

        Chapter 1 - Shaking The Sheik

	"Rape! Torture! Oppression of women! This disgusting pervert does it all!"

 	The three coeds had been distributing pamphlets in front of the Oil Company
all morning, decrying the brutal dictatorship of Sheik Rashid. The Oil Company
purchased black gold from the Sheik's small, but oil rich, sheikdom. It was
periodically besieged by self-righteous student's from the nearby university.

	"Surely, he cannot be as bad as all that!"

	The thin, hawknosed gentleman spoke skeptically to the three young ladies.

	"He's a real bird's turd. He's against any form of free speech. He jails,
tortures and executes dissenters."

	Tall, raven haired Brandi spoke condescendingly. You could tell that she
thought that her questioner was a rag head, rug riding, woman abuser from Arab
land. Her questioner persisted with comical skepticism.

	"He forbids any form of free speech? Surely he allows and encourages
admiring speeches?"

	Brandi rolled her eyes and snorted derisively. Her friend, Cheryl, was more
reasonable. The buxom, blond cheerleader spoke personably.

	"You know what she means. There are rumours that he's involved in the white
slave trade. He's totally anti-female."

	The hawknosed gentleman smiled engagingly.

	"Surely, some one who buys and sells females is very pro-female. If he were
anti-female, he'd be buying and selling handsome, young men! Wouldn't you like a
handsome, obedient, totally subservient man at your beck and call to do you
slightest bidding, to cater to your every whim, to indulge your every wicked
fantasy?  Don't tell me you don't have fantasies! If you had all the money and
power anyone could wish for, wouldn't you do the same as Sheik Rashid?"

	Lovely Cheryl looked disconcerted. Her friend, Melody, chimed in.

	"That's just what's so wrong with it. Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
He's totally depraved! No one should have that sort of power. Everyone should be
equal in rights and equal in power! He has helpless women worked over with
electricity, just to hear them scream!"

	Melody shuddered dramatically, as befitted a Drama major. She looked at the
pamphlet in her hand and eyed the grainy picture of Sheik Rashid. She studied
the man in front of her with growing certainty.

	"You're him, aren't you!"

	The three young coeds knew by the expression on his face that Melody was
right. Sheik Rashid hadn't considered the pamphlet picture a very good likeness.
Apparently, it was good enough for one out of three people.  Melody spat on him,
spraying his surprised face with spittle. Cheryl threw her wad of pamphlets at
him, hitting him in the shoulder. Brandi kicked him hard in the ass as he turned
and fled.

	"Eat shit and die, turd!"

	"I hope you get your ass raped, motherfucker!"

	"Give me an electric prod and access to your nuts. I'll make you shriek like
a fire siren!"

	 Brandi, Cheryl and Melody shouted abuse after him as he dove into the back
of a black stretch limo parked nearby. It surged into the traffic with a squeal
of tires.

	The three young lovelies whooped and high fived each other. They waved their
'Students Against Rashid!' signs jubilantly. Several bystanders applauded.

	Looking out the rear window of the departing limo, the scene was burned into
Sheik Rashid's memory.

	Chapter 2 - Tested!

	Brandi, Cheryl and Melody handed in the questionnaires to the breathtakingly
lovely undergraduate in the white lab coat. The heartbreakingly beautiful,
doe-eyed blond smiled prettily at them.

	"Professor Heinrich will be delighted to receive these questionnaires. It's
very helpful to his work. He wrote his PhD thesis on the psychological effects
of torture. He's done lots of work for Amnesty International. He does field work
every summer. It's a privilege to be the student of such a great man."

 	Brandi, Cheryl  and Melody  had met in their Psych 101 course and bonded
immediately. One of the conditions of the course was that you had to be the
guinea pig in two psychology experiments per semester. They had elected to take
part in the same experiment. All it involved was filling out a questionnaire.
All the psychology experiments they had heard about were pretty lame and this
was no exception. Melody smiled back at the beautiful undergraduate running the
experiment.

	"Well, Bobbi, filling out the questionnaire was easy, though the topic was a
bit gruesome: what we imagine torture to be like!'

	Melody paused dramatically.

	"Our guess is that it's REALLY BAD!"

	The three coeds tittered. Bobbi spoke earnestly.

	"Professor Heinrich says it's important to understand the average person's
perceptions so that it can be compared with the reality. It greatly helps us
when it comes to educating the public in eradicating this scourge. He was very
impressed with your picketting of Sheik Rashid. The professor says that he is
one of the worst. I understand that you actually met the Sheik!'

	Bobbi's eyes were big. She was obviously deeply impressed. Cheryl spoke
proudly.

	"Melody spat in his face and Brandi kicked him in the butt!"

	Bobbi was amazed.

	"Wow! That's great! I think it's terrible that they let a man like that into
the country! What is the state department thinking?"

	Melody chirped up.

	"They're thinking that he's rich and has lots of oil that they need. If
they're nice to him, maybe he'll give them a break on the price."

	Bobbi nodded.

	"That's it in a nutshell. You heard what he did to the french journalist who
wrote a book strongly critical of him and his regime?"

	The three young beauties shook their heads. Bobbi told the story with
obvious relish.

	"This french journalist happened to be vacationing at a resort near his
country. Maybe she was set up a little. Anyway, he had this writer, quite a
good-looking woman, kidnapped. Then he threw a big party and invited all his
little pervert friends. Guess who the featured entertainment was at the party?"

	"The journalist?"

	Bobbi nodded.

	"That's right! He had her brought out and stripped naked in front of
everyone. Then his goons cuffed her wrists together and suspended her from the
ceiling. After that, he had her whipped from the soles of her feet to her
armpits while she screamed, twisting and kicking violently in mid-air. Everyone
listened to her beg and plead a while first. He sent videotapes of this to a lot
of his critics as a lesson. I've seen it. Being one of his severist critics,
Professor Heinrich has a copy. It's horrible!"

	Bobbi shuddered delicately. She smiled nicely at the three friends.

 	"Well, thanks again. Have a nice day!"

	The three friends wandered over to the student centre to get a soft drink
and have a chat. Cheryl wanted to know how every one had answered.

	"That Sheik Rashid is one mean mother! Too bad Brandi didn't kick him in the
nuts instead of the butt! What did you put down for the worst thing that could
be done to you?"

	Brandi spoke first.

	"Forced to eat shit and piss. There can't be anything worse!"

	Cheryl leaned forward.

	"I think rape. Having all those violent losers pump their diseases into you
and getting you pregnant to have their sicko, pervert babies. Being kept naked,
pawed, penetrated and slobbered over by fat, ugly slobs - there can't be
anything worse!"

	She shut her eyes and quivered in revulsion. Cheerleader Cheryl was quite
particular about granting access to her yummy athletic physique.

	Melody declamed dramatically.

	"I just put down one word: electricity!"

	Melody shuddered. Brandi hadn't been all that thrilled with it.

	"All the psych experiments this university conduct are feeble! Those
Survivor and Temptation Island 'Reality TV' shows are better psych experiments! 
It wasn't anywhere near as interesting as that personality inventory we filled
out for Professor Roth. It was fascinating how much that revealed when he showed
us how to analyse it in class later."

	Melody wondered about it a bit.

	"We all thought the personality inventory was stupid until we were shown how
much it revealed. Maybe this torture quiz has some neat angles if you know what
to look for." 

 	The others nodded. Cheryl smirked.

	"And now for the real question : Do you think Bobbi's porking Professor
Heinrich?"

	"Definitely!"

	"Absolutely!"

	"No doubt at all on that one, eh?"

	Chapter 3 - Consultation

	The two men watched the clandestine video of beautiful Bobbi squatting naked
in black high heels giving Professor Heinrich a quite skilfull blowjob. She
gobbled deep, her big tits bobbing gently, swallowed the cum and licked him
clean like a real pro.  Professor Heinrich smiled at his distinguished visitor.

	"I'll be shipping her to you at the end of the semester. She's an orphan on
a scholarship. She has no close relatives. I'm her best friend."

	Professor Heinrich grinned.

	"She'll never be missed."

	Sheik Rashid shook his hand and clapped him on the back delightedly.

	"Excellent! Gunter, my old friend, your advice changed the way I treated my
captives and hugely improved my enjoyment of them. I look forward to adding the
exquisite and sexually talented Bobbi to my collection and putting her through
her paces."

	Professor Heinrich nodded amiably.

	"I'm prepping her carefully so she'll fall in with your desires quite
nicely. I told her that you divided your slaves into the Beat Me Bitches and the
Fuck Me Sluts. After I showed her the video of the french journalist, she said
that being a Fuck Me Slut would be her personal preference. She said that she
would never want to get on the bad side of a fierce devil like you. Watching the
French bitch scream long and hard made a huge impression on her. The fact that
you took your time and did it right made her pretty little eyeballs pop out of
her head. This summer, when she realizes where I've shipped her, her fear and
naturally submissive personality should make her quite the eager-to-please
sexual performer! In the meantime, I will, of course, continue to drop more
motivational little factoids on her, while fucking her tiny little brains out!"

	Rashid grinned. Mimicking a true gentleman, Professor Heinrich enquired
solicitously after the journalist.

 	"How is the spirited Monique? She must have largely recovered from her
injuries by now."

	Rashid snorted.

	"On her back and on her knees in a field brothel servicing as many filthy
soldiers in as many ways as possible! She's tried to commit suicide many times,
but you told us what to watch for and we have easily nipped each attempt in the
bud."

	Dr. Heinrich was gratified. He liked positive feedback as much as anyone.
Sheik Rashid eyed the three folders in his old friend's hand.

	"Is that information on the women who abused me the other day? You've
tracked them down?"

	Dr. Heinrich spoke smugly.

	"Oh, I've done a lot better than that! They take a psychology class with one
of my colleagues, a Doctor Roth. He got them to answer my little questionnaire
on what tortures they particularly dread, under the supervision of the
ever-enchanting, but on this occassion fully clothed, Bobbi. He also provided me
with a personality inventory that the three young ladies filled out earlier in
the year. I told him I wanted it to match their responses to my questionnaire
with their personalities."

	He ceremoniously handed the three folders to Sheik Rashid. The old pervert's
eyes gleamed excitedly as he eagerly scanned the contents.

	"Pictures! Names! Addresses! Next of kin!"

	He inspected the pictures carefully. They were stills from the campus
security cameras.

	"These are, for sure, the women. How did you find them?"

	Dr. Heinrich smiled modestly.

	"I have a friend who develops face scanning technology for the Defense
department. Police departments use a more primitive version to scan for
criminals at the Superbowl and in gambling casinos. We used the Beta version of
his new release. We scanned in that unfortunate picture of Brandi kicking you
that was in the papers. The other girls were visible in the newspaper picture
too, although they weren't identified. We fed in the tapes from all the security
cameras on Campus. After that it was simple!"

	Rashid thumbed through the other material.
	
	"Their secret fears and dreads! This is excellent, my friend! You have
surpassed yourself!"

	Professor Heinrich blushed modestly.
	
	"If I may make a few suggestions?"

	Sheik Rashid was all ears. His years with Amnesty International before going
over to the Dark Side made Professor Gunter Heinrich's advice golden.

	"I notice that they have at least one thing in common."

	"What's that?"

	"No fear of flying."

	Rashid, an experienced pervert, could see where this was going. He listened
avidly as the learned and imaginative Dr. Heinrich spun an enchanting scenario.

	Chapter 4 - Invitation To The Dance

	In Brandi's room at the girl's university residence, the three started
plotting their summer vacation.

	"At the end of semester, let's go to Florida for a week.'

	Melody grinned at Brandi.

	"You mean the three of us go to Florida to kick back on the beach for a week
before we each go back to our boring families and our tedious summer jobs?"

	"Exactly!"
	
	The three women were unanimous in there approval..

	"Whoopee! Florida here we come! The place will never be the same
afterwards!"

	"We'll leave a trail of strong men with broken hearts!"

	Cheryl looked out the window.

	"Brandi! Melody! Look at the size of that stretch limo!"

	They watched as a very expensively dressed, exquisitely coiffed blond
stepped out.

	"I wonder who she's here to visit?"

	A minute later, there was a knock on the door. Cheryl opened the door. The
blond introduced herself.

	"Hello! I'm Gretchen Reichmann. I'm the Secretary-General of Stop Torture
Now!. Maybe you've seen our web site? StopTorture.org? I'm also a Human Rights
Advisor to the President. One of our sponsors, a Mr. Tom Cruise, is giving a
Stop Torture Now! Fundraiser. He heard about your encounter with that devil
Rashid. He wants you to attend."

	She handed them gilt invitations.The young lovelies were amazed, flattered.
 and excited.

	Chapter 5 - End Of Semester Party

	"Wow! I can't believe that those make-up artists had worked with so many big
stars! They'd worked with them all! When Gretchen said that 'a free professional
make-over' was included, I never imagined it would be by real Hollywood make-up
artists! Our little run-in with the Sheik has made us the guests of honor! Real
Hollywood make-up artists and real Hollywood hairdressers! I guess it makes
sense. Tom being a big star and all."

	Melody's dress fit her like it had been painted on.. Cheryl eyed it in
amazement.

	"Are you wearing any underwear, Melody?"

	Melody grinned wickedly.

	"This is my big chance to impress some important Hollywood types. I wouldn't
want to seem shy!"

	They all laughed. Exams were over. Their university residence was almost
completely deserted. They were all packed and ready to leave for Florida the
next day. Bobbi, Brandi, Cheryl and Melody were all dressed to the nines for the
Stop Torture Now! Fundraiser paid for, and hosted by, a famous Hollywood star.

	The four beauties luxuriated in the back of the stretch limo whisking them
to the party. Cheryl eyed Brandi's daring dress.

	"Don't breath too deeply, Brandi or you'll pop out of your top! Who do you
think you are, Jennifer Lopez?"

	Brandi smirked.
	
	"I want to wow a few stars, too. I wonder who will be there?"

	Bobbi was excited.

	"Doctor Heinrich was very impressed with your treatment of Sheik Rashid! He
even had that news photo of Brandi kicking his butt blown up. I never knew that
he was so influential! Getting me an invitation! He introduced me to Gretchen
Reichmann. What a fabulous woman! We're even going to get five minutes with the
star before the party! He wants to meet the fabulous women who made Rashid run
like a chicken! I guess that makes me the friend of the chicken women!'

	They all laughed, delirious with nervous energy.The beauties looked out the
window as the limo pulled up to the airport.

	"Wow! Is that the plane that the party's going to be on? It's huge! Having a
party on a plane while it circles the mountains and flies along the coast! How
Hollywood! We're talking big bucks and real class, ladies!"

	Melody nodded knowingly.

	"A real star makes big, big bucks. I hear Tom Cruise made 43 million dollars
last year alone! There's gold in them thar' Hollywood Hills!"

	They all laughed with excitement as the chauffeur opened the door. They
stepped out of the limo feeling like stars. A very expensively dressed beauty
greeted them.

	"Hi! I'm Ilsa!"

	Ilsa was a real, drop-dead gorgeous party girl. She shook hands with each
one, welcoming each boisterously. 

	"Bobbi, assistant to the famous Dr. Heinrich!"

 	"Brandi, the butt kicker!"

	"Melody, the spitting cobra!"

	"Cheryl, the dangerous paper tosser!"

	They all laughed. Ilsa's manic energy was infectious, not that they weren't
already over the moon.
	
	"Welcome! It's going to be a great party! I've been assigned to make sure
that you have a fabulous time!"

	Ilsa ushered them up the stairs into the plane. They found themselves in a
small luxurious compartment unlike any they had ever heard of in an airplane.
There were six seats along the windows. The compartment had gold and silver
trim, luxurious cushions, expensive artwork under glass. There was even a small
fountain. Ilsa explained the procedure as the door swung shut behind them.

	"OK, you're the last to arrive. Hop into your seats and buckle up. Once
we're in the air, the party starts! I'll take you, one by one, to meet The Star
and get you settled in at the party with the other guests! We've got Hollywood
stars, celebrities, directors, producers! We've got fabulous food! We've got
drinks! We've got great music!. Live entertainment! We've got one huge mother of
a plane with the most amazing facilities! You won't believe it!"

	The four lovelies were deeply impressed. They settled in. The plane taxied
to the runway.

	Chapter 6 - Brandi Meets A Star

	Once they were in the air, Ilsa smiled brilliantly at Brandi. This was the
part she loved.

	"Ready to meet our host?"

	Brandi scrambled eagerly out of her seat.

	"Tom Cruise! Here I come! Nicole Kidman, eat your heart out!"

	Ilsa escorted her through a sumptuous hallway lined with statuary and
artwork. They passed several doors and even some eleborately carved stairways
spiraling elegantly upwards. Brandi gaped at it all.

	"This is beyond belief! It's like something out of the Arabian Nights!"

	Ilsa smiled as at a secret joke. Brandi, overwhelmed by it all, didn't
notice.

	"It is indeed just like the Arabian Nights."

	Superb craftmanship surrounded her. Ilsa ushered Brandi through an
elaborately carved doorway. Brandi stepped through first. Ilsa slammed the door
and bolted it shut. Rashid spoke urbanely.

	"Welcome to my party, Brandi! I hope you aren't going to try and kick me
again. These large, muscular gentlemen with the electric prods will make short
work of you if you do."

	Brandi's jaw dropped. Rashid eyed Brandi's cleavage and slit dress
appreciatively.

	"Nice outfit!"

	He gestured at the woman beside him.

	"You must remember Gretchen of Stop Torture Now!. I've shut down the web
site now that you all visited to check her very impressive and entirely
fictitious credentials."

	Brandi eyed Gretchen. Dressed in black leather and high heels, she looked
very different from the elegant secretary general of a non-existant
organisation. Rashid gestured at something that looked like a dentist's chair.

	"Have a seat!"

	Brandi hesitated. She looked at the vicious guards and the electric prods.

	"I don't suppose I have a choice?"

	Rashid grinned.

	"None whatsoever!"

	Brandi sat in the chair. Instantly, her slim wrists were strapped to the
armrests. Her dainty ankles were parted and buckled to the two footrests. A
leather collar fastened to the base of the headrest was clamped snugly around
her throat.

	"What do you want?"

	Rashid held up a black plastic ring gag.

	"I want you to open wide."

	Brandi looked at the electric prods and opened. The ring, really a short
tube, had grooves on the top and bottom for her teeth and straps to hold it in
place. The bottom of the ring extended inside her mouth to hold her tongue down
like a tongue depressor from hell. Padded metal braces on either side of her
head were clamped in place to hold her head motionless.

	Sheik Rashid clapped his hands. Gretchen wheeled a serving cart next to the
chair. Small candles burned underneath to keep whatever was in the two covered
dishes warm. With a flourish, Gretchen uncovered the first dish. The odor told
her immediately what the disgusting, thick, lumpy, brown substance was. Rashid
grinned as Brandi grimaced.

	"Enema soup, squirted out by one of the most disgusting old whores I could
find."

	Gretchen uncovered the other bowl. It had a stomach churning aroma, too.
Rashid confirmed what Brandi's nostrils had already told her.

	"Dark yellow urine to wash down the soup."

	He touched a switch and the back of the chair began to lower.

	"We have to have you face up in order to spoon your delicious meal down."

 	Brandi's body bucked and heaved frantically. Her breasts popped out of her
daring top and jiggled delectably. Everone, except poor, desperately squirming
Brandi, applauded.

	"Exquisite!"

	As her chair locked into position, Rashid slipped a hand into the slit of
her dress and fingered her intimately.

	"I like the thong! Nice buns!"

	After a quick, but thorough grope, Rashid stood up.

	"I hire a consultant to help me perfect my technique and one of the things
he advises is to let a prisoner think about it. So I'll leave you to stew for a
while while I greet my other guests. Don't worry, Gretchen will keep you
entertained. When I come back, she'll make you gulp it all down to the last
yummy drop! In the meantime, Gretchen, with her wonderfully intrusive fingers
and wise words, will doubtlessly keep you amused."

	Everyone, except Gretchen, filed out. Gretchen, the definitive vicious
vixen, sat on a stool. She leaned over,  pinched Brandi's bare teats hard and
gave them a brutal twist. Brandi gasped.

 	Gretchen loved mindfucking the new arrivals. She leaned over, moistened
Brandi's very attentive earhole with her wet pink tongue and began hissing her
'pep talk'  in a venomous whisper.

	"Listen up, bitch!  For assaulting the Sheik and publicly humiliating him,
your punishment will be long and hard. Let's discuss what else is going down
after you're force fed your first meal of old whore shit and piss..."

	Brandi listened with deepening despair. Gretchen's fingers explored her
helpess, exposed body, probing and pinching viciously. Poor Brandi moaned in
fear. Gretchen's fingers caressed the inside of her thigh. Brandi's lovely eyes
widened and she began to sweat as the fingers climbed higher and the whispered
promises grew more explicit...

	Back in the waiting lounge, the other girls were sampling some delicate,
scrumptious hors d'oeuvres. The most delicious food they had ever tasted was
served by a very attentive and well-trained staff. Ilsa called out perkily from
the door.

	"Melody, the spitting cobra! It's your turn to meet The Great One and join
the party!"

Chapter 7 - Melody Gets A Singing Lesson

	Melody stared in horror at Sheik Rashid and at the padded, black leather
restraining table next to him. She looked with dread at the electric prods in
the hands of the guards.

 	Electricity! Her deepest fear! She resolved to do whatever was necessary to
avoid it.

	"Strip!"

	Melody's slinky outfit peeled off easily. She was naked underneath. She
stepped out of her high heels. Rashid patted the table.

	"Hop up. Lie on your back."

	She did it. Manacles were clamped onto her wrists and ankles. The attached
chains were pulled brutally tight leaving Melody spread-eagled, nude on the
table.

	"Open your mouth."

	A black plastic ring gag was strapped into place holding her mouth wide
open. Unlike Brandi's, this one had no tongue depressor and her tongue was
visible, wiggling wetly inside her mouth. Rashid introduced a slim oriental
gentleman with thick glasses.

	"This is Dr. Li. His specialty is electroshock. When I come back from
welcoming your friends aboard, he will attach electrodes to the most sensitive
parts of your anatomy. We'll see how high he can make you  scream."

	Dr. Li wheeled out the control panel and the electrodes so Melody could look
them over. Melody's delectable bare body bounced desperately on the table as Dr.
Li removed his white lab coat and dropped his white pants, revealing a most
impressive, throbbingly erect member. Rashid grinned.

	"In the meantime, Dr. Li will keep you amused! He suffers from a condition
known as Priapism, permanent erection. Have fun!"

	Dr. Li clambered up on the table and, with no finesse at all, rammed his way
in to her dry hole. Melody arched her back and screamed in aguish as he began
humping her hard...
					
	Back at the lounge, Ilsa beckoned coyly to Cheryl.

	"Time to party, Cheryl!"

	Chapter 8 - Delivering the Goods

	Cheryl had been gone several minutes. Bobbi was idly thumbing her way
through Cosmopolitan magazine, reading the sex tips with interest.

	"Your friend Cheryl is now spreading her legs for my rape squad. Not the
best looking men in the world, but they all have two distinctive characteristics
- a long, thick sausage between their legs and lots of stamina."

	Bobbi froze briefly in horror. Slowly, she looked up at Sheik Rashid. She
stared at him  like a small animal trapped in the oncoming headlights. Ilsa
stood next to him, grinning hugely. She held a pair of stockings, black high
heels and elbow length gloves.

	"What do you want?"

	The sheik was interested in how well Doctor Heinrich had prepared her.

	"Ilsa has a charming little outfit for you. I want you to remove all of your
clothes and put on the stockings, high heels and gloves. From now on, your life
is dedicated to pleasing me. Take it off and show everyone what you have to
offer. Then we'll go visit your friends."

	The Doctor had done his work well. There was no hesitation. Bobbi knew what
was required. Dr. Heinrich had given her very explicit visions of what would
happen to her if she didn't do her very best. She performed a coy little
striptease, exposing her dynamite body to everyone in the room. She slipped on
the whore outfit, pointing her toes prettily as she inserted her long lovely
legs into the stockings.

	Rashid's hand delved between her legs. She humped her cunt against his palm
shamelessly, gasping prettily as he slipped a finger inside her. Everyone was
delighted. As advertised, Bobbi was quite the performer...

	Chapter 9 - Melody Hits the High Notes

	The Sheik entered. Ilsa led Bobbi in on a dog leash clipped to a thick,
black, studded leather collar. Bobbi's arms were encased in a leather sleeve
behind her. Straps on the sleeve ensured that her arms were clamped together
behind her from elbow to wrist. Despite this handicap, Bobbi was smiling as
prettily as she  knew, gazing lewdly and lustily at the sheik, jiggling her bare
boobs and wiggling her delectable heinie enchantingly.

	Dr. Li decunted Melody and climbed down from the table. Poor abused Melody's
cuntlips were sore and swollen. It had been a rough ride. Dr. Li busied himself
applying the electrodes.

	Melody squealed as he inserted the speculum and opened her cunt wide. A true
master, he reached inside, deftly located her G-spot and clipped an electrode to
it. He used a long tenaculum to reach as deeply inside as possible and clip
another to her cervix. The corkscrew electrode he screwed into her rectum caused
crimson-faced Melody serious distress. A small one inserted far up her urethra
had the tears streaming down her pretty face. She whimpered pathetically and let
out a squeal of pain as he pulled back the hood of her clitoris and clipped
another on. He grasped her tongue with a pair of pliers and clamped on one more.
He removed her earrings and wire up her pierced ears. Nipples, armpits, the
backs of her knees, fingers, toes, the cringing soles of her feet. Every
sensitive spot of the female anatomy experienced the painful bite of a clamp or
the brutally invasive insertion of a probe. Dr. Li was thorough in wiring his
victim up for hours of entertainment.  Melody was red-faced and breathing hard
by the time he was done.

	He moved to the control panel. It controlled how much current, what
frequency and  where. He sent a small jolt down carefully selected pairs of
wires to check all the connections. Melody naked body began to glisten with
sweat as she bounced with each jolt. She let out a series of small squeals until
he began checking the connections between her legs. Her bare buttocks clenched
violently and she began screaming hard. Her thigh muscles twitched convulsively.

	Rashid applauded.

	"Masterful!"

	He spoke to Bobbi.

	"He will keep her screaming until her vocal cords are raw and the snot is
running from her nose.  She will quite literally foam at the mouth like a rabid
dog before he is done, but that will be many hours from now. We will come back
periodically and check her progress. Lets go and get Brandi started up. Then
we'll check on sweet, sperm-soaked Cheryl."

	Her fists tightly clenched, Melody's heels drummed insanely on the table as
they left. Her shrieks faded as the door shut behind them.

	Chapter 10 - Good To The Last Drop

	Gretchen's cosy little pep talk and her invasive fingers had done their
work. Brandi's creamy skin gleamed with a thick, oily fear sweat. She was
breathing in short rapid gulps making her bare breasts bounce and quiver. Her
sore, abused nipples were erect. She had lost bladder control and was sitting in
a pool of urine. Rashid looked at her with satisfaction and congratulated
Gretchen.

	"Excellent! You have done your usual superb preparatory work! It's time for
the main course, Brandi!"

	Gretchen was gratified. She put on a pair of rubber gloves adn spoke softly
to her charge.

	"Enough fun and games! It's time to get serious!"

	Brandi tried desperately to beg, but the ring gag with the built-in tongue
depressor turned her efforts into humiliating baby talk. Gretchen cooed to her
as if she were a big baby.

	"Feeding time, Brandi, dear. Yum! Yum!"

	Gretchen fitted a funnel into the ring. She snapped on a nose clip to pinch
Brandi's nostrils shut, forcing Brandi to breath through the funnel.

	"You have to swallow it all down before you can breath, Brandi, darling."

	She dipped the ladle into the runny, lumpy, brown excrement and, lovingly,
poured it into the funnel.

	Brandi's body arched up in the chair. Her tits shook wildly as she began to
gag and retch. Gretchen's fingers skilfully massaged Brandi's convulsing throat
to help ease the whore's diahrrea down. It kept coming back up. With Gretchen
coaxing her skilfully, Brandi eventually choked it down and kept it down.
Gretchen playfully kissed her on the forehead.

	"Very good! The first yummy spoonful is always the hardest! Now let's wash
it down with this dark yellow piss. Maybe it's dark because there's blood in
it!"

	She poured it down the funnel. Brandi began another desperate struggle.
Brandi's buttocks bounced in her urine soaked seat, but eventually she got it
down and kept it down. Gretchen grinned.

	"That's a good girl! There's lots more to go, though. Your slim tummy's
going to be very full indeed!"

	Slowly, carefully, lovingly, Gretchen began helping ashen-faced Brandi choke
down spoonful after spoonful of steaming turds and warm piss. Rashid nodded in
approval. He had been afraid for a while that Brandi was going to choke on her
own vomit, but Gretchen, an old pro, had deftly avoided this.

	"Let's see how Cheryl's doing."

	Chapter 11 - Sperm

	Stark naked, pinned belly down on the sodden bed by eager hands, Cheryl
grunted and groaned in complete, fucktoy misery. The side of her pretty face was
forced stickily against the sperm-soaked sheets as yet another thick, greased,
anal intruder stretched her rectum wide. A ring gag kept all of her orifices
open for action to the Sheik's 'Hounds of Allah' Rape Squad. The squad was
heavily manned by hard, horny rapists eager to leave no crevice unexplored,
which explained why lovely Cheryl was so thoroughly slimed.

	Her hair, both head and pubic, was sodden with bull gravy. Thick, glutinous
streams of pecker snot seeped out of every orifice. Male oyster juice was
everywhere: in her eyes and ears, between her toes, armpits, breasts, up her
nose, under her fingernails. Every pore of her creamy, young skin was busily
absorbing spermatic man oil.

	Being an athletic woman of excellent stamina and fired by a deep revulsion,
the head cheerleader was resisting steadily, unaware that this greatly increased
her rapists' enjoyment. She began choking violently as yet another male member
was inserted into the ring gag to tickle her tonsils. When poor Cheryl was
purple faced and gagging raggedly, the oral rapist was satisfied and
condescended to squirt a large load down her convulsing throat.

	Rashid watched in total satisfaction. A long, hard gang bang did so much to
cut the snottiness out of a haughty bitch. A thoroughly raped over woman was a
joy forever.
	
	He watched the ugly brutes of the rape squad fuck Cheryl over in every way
imaginable and a few that were unimaginable. He doubted that the wart-faced pig
that was horking a lugey down her wide open throat could get laid any other way.
Obviously, charm and good looks had been denied him comletely. He felt sure that
head cheerleader Cheryl did not want to have his children. She'd soon be
spreading her legs wide for the abortionist and his vacuum nozzle regularly,
probably profoundly grateful to have any warty offspring painfully and
degradingly sucked out of her...

	Chapter 12 - Video Stars

	The three young lovelies had spent the morning with hairstylists and make-up
artists. Wearing only stockings and high heels, Cheryl, Brandi and Melody looked
totally fuckable as they were marched in to the studio under Gretchen's careful
supervision.

 	They stopped in front of three chairs set in a row. From the seat of each
chair projected a thick greased dildo. Gretchen clapped her hands for attention.

	"OK, bitches, listen up. Sit down and wrap your cunts around the rod."

	They answered in unison, as they had been trained.

	"Yes, Mistress Gretchen."

	There was no hesitation. Each reached between her legs, spread her labia
with her fingers and, with a slight groan, impaled herself.

	"I want to make sure that you bitches have been fully penetrated. Put your
hands behind your head."

	"Yes, Mistress Gretchen!"

	Bare breasts lifted enchantingly as they clasped their hands behind their
pretty heads.

	"Lift your feet from the floor."

	"Yes, Mistress Gretchen!"

	"Come on! Lift them high. I want to see your thighs touch your nipples."

	The three balanced precariously on their bare buttocks while Gretchen
inspected them carefully.

	"Feet down, bitches!"

	Their slim ankles were strapped to the front legs of their chairs. Thigh
straps kept their legs spread nicely and pinned them to the seat.

	Unknown to the young lovelies, each dildo was wired for electricity. So they
were a little puzzled by Gretchen's next statement.

	"Lets check the circuits."

	Their puzzlement was soon cleared up. Gretchen picked up a remote control.

 	She pressed button number one.

 	Melody screamed.

 	She pressed button number two.

	Cheryl screamed.

	She pressed button number three.

	Brandi screamed.

	"Excellent! I want you girls to make a little video. We'll rehearse it a few
times and then I expect you to be perfect on the first take."

	She turned to the wardrobe supervisor.

	"I want them dressed nicely from the waist up. There will be a table in
front of them, so from the waist down won't be visible on camera. I want them to
look like wholesome American college students, Daddy's favourite little girl.
Understand?"

	The wardrobe supervisor bowed respectfully.

	"Yes, Mistress Gretchen!"

	A short time later, Cheryl and her two friends were on camera saying their
piece as believably as they knew how. Their aching cunts wrapped around the
electro-shock dildoes had proved a powerful motivator.

	Cheryl smiled prettily at the camera, doing her very best to look relaxed
and happy. Her crisp, clean cheerleader's sweater covered breasts that were
firmly taped down to make her look more innocent.

	"Hi Mum and Dad. I'm sending you this video to let you know that I'm safe
and sound, but I won't be coming home  from Florida in a few days as I said I
would be."

	She paused for effect and then joyously gushed her lines in a disarming,
excited little girl style.

	"Instead, I have accepted the most fabulous opportunity! Our little
encounter with Sheik Rashid made him desperate for some counterbalancing, good
publicity! Sheik Rashid, to prove that he is not the monster many suspect him to
be, has given me, Brandi and Melody a totally fabulous summer scholarship!"

	She gave a little girl squeak of excitement.

 	"We get to stay in his fabulous Arabian Nights palace! He has some of the
greatest artwork in the world in his personal possession! He is flying in the
most expensive tutors to instruct us in our various fields of study. This will
put us miles ahead of the other students when we get back! He is giving us
expensive field trips to learn things you can only learn by being there. It's a
real opportunity to travel and see the world!  He is supplying world famous
athletes to coach us in a wide variety of recreational sports. We are free to
wander everywhere and see everything in his wonderful country!"

	She looked happy, excited and a bit breathless for the cameras.

	"Throughout the summer, I'll be sending other video documentaries of our
adventures in the Sheik's wonderful homeland. Sheik Rashid, anxious to improve
his public image, has given us the opportunity of a lifetime! We'd be fools not
to take it! Talk to you on the next video in a few weeks. Loves and kisses!"

	The cameras faded. Gretchen was pleased.

	"Very good, Cheryl! The cameraman will put in a fresh videotape and then
it's your turn, Brandi."

	She paused significantly.

	"I hope you do as well as Cheryl."

	Powerfully motivated, Brandi and Melody each delivered their piece with the
other girls smiling pleasantly beside them.

	"Excellent! It's a take!"

	The set people took away the table and it was back to business.

	"Off with the tops, bitches! Let's see those tits."

	The girls peeled with alacrity. Gretchen picked up a small silver serving
tray. She lifted the dome cover to reveal a small dog turd. She wafted it under
Brandi' sensitive nose.

	"Time for a little snack, shiteater. Cocker Spaniel!"

	Brandi daintily picked up the tiny turd and popped it into her mouth. She
had learned a lot about the futility of resistance in a few days.

	"Chew and swallow, bitch!"

	Brandi chewed thoroughly and swallowed carefully. Gretchen handed her a
glass.

	"Have some warm camel piss to wash it down."

	Without hesitation, Brandi chugged it down. She showed appropriate gratitude
as she had been taught.

	"Thank you, Mistress Gretchen. That was delicious!"

	Gretchen turned to Cheryl.

	"Two of the men need hand jobs and one needs a blow job. Get to work, slut!"

	Obediently, Cheryl grasped the penises and began milking them. She bowed her
head. A third man with gigantic testicles fed her his oversize dick and she
started slurping away. Gretchen turned to Melody.

	 "Dr. Li wants you to practise your self control. He'll apply low voltage 
to your dildo in short, sharp jolts . If you make a sound, he gives you another,
much longer jolt at triple the voltage.Clear?"

	Melody nodded silently as Dr. Li took over the controls. Her big tits
bounced and her sweating buttocks dimpled prettily as she grimly set about her
task. Of course, Dr. Li's concept of a low voltage differed somewhat from the
average person's. Melody's naked thighs quivered as she struggled mightily to
swallow the pain. Gretchen offered her usual supportive advice.

	"You're into acting. Just think of it as mime!"

	Gretchen didn't want Brandi feeling neglected just sitting there while the
other girls were beavering away. She ruffled Brandi's hair, something Brandi
hated.

	"The Sheik has a special place in his heart for you, Brandi. He extremely
enjoys squatting down with your warm lips sealed around his rectum, sucking
gently, while he squeezes a trout down your throat."

	Brandi's pretty face twitched.

	"That was a very hard lesson to learn, Mistress Gretchen!"

	Gretchen ruffled Brandi's hair some more.

	"And you thought that math was hard!"

	"Math is nothing compared to the hard lessons you teach, Mistress Gretchen!"

	"You've been here only a week. Think how much you'll have learned by the end
of the summer!"

	Brandi looked a bit sick.

	"Yes, Mistress Gretchen. I can see that, up until now, I've been a lazy
bitch. I'm sure that you'll sweat me good!"

	Gretchen decided to strike an upbeat note.

	"So much vomiting really develops the stomach muscles. Yours are rock-hard
now."

	Brandi was properly apologetic.

	"I'm sorry, Mistress Gretchen. It's the smell combined with the harsh,
bitter taste that makes my stomach really churn. I'm really working quite hard
not to gag and retch so much, Mistress Gretchen."

	Gretchen was sympathetic.

	"Of course you are. Nobody likes having to lick their shitty vomit up off
the floor so many times in a row! Tonight, I have a special treat for you."

	"What's that, Mistress Gretchen?"

	"Tonight's meal is a lavish portion of donkey dung. You'll find that the
vintage horse piss goes quite well with it."

	"Yes, Mistress Gretchen. I look forward to it. Yum! Yum! If you are what you
eat, then I'm a real piece of shit!"

	Gretchen adopted a tone of concern.

	"The men find you disgusting, Brandi."

	"Yes, Mistress Gretchen! They tell me how repulsive and horrible I am
regularly."

	"They're right, aren't they?"

	Brandi sounded a little sad as she replied.

	"Yes, they are quite right, Mistress Gretchen. A woman who eats shit is
beneath contempt and extremely revolting. Think of the horrible diseases and
disgusting parasites she may be exposed to!"

	Brandi gave a long, heartfelt shudder. It was something that she thought
about a lot these days.

	"It's important for you to have a sex life. Melody is always putting out for
the ever-ready Dr. Li. Cheryl gets slimed by everybody. You have no one."

	They paused to watch Cheryl choke as the man with the gigantic testicles
unloaded a huge load of bull gravy. It flooded Cheryl's throat, overflowed into
her sinuses and sprayed out her nose.

	"I've got the ideal man for you!"

	Brandi looked at her with dread in her young eyes. It was Gretchen's job to
present the girls with fresh challenges and she took pride in her work.

	"You'll soon be putting out for Achmed The Shitfucker!"

	She paused dramatically, to enjoy Brandi's involuntary look of horror. She
continued enthusiastically.

	"He loves covering a woman with excrement from head to toe. He works it into
her hair, massages it into every square inch of her skin: her face, her
earholes, her breasts, between her toes, under her fingernails, up her nose. He
works it into every crack and orifice. That's foreplay for good ole Achmed the
Shitfucker!"

	Gretchen gave Brandi's tits an intimate squeeze.

	"Don't worry! He takes his time, so that you can really savour the
experience. Then he coats his dick, slips it inside and gives you a long,
liesurely fuck. You two are a perfect match!"

	Brandi blanched and swallowed hard before she could get the words out.

	"Thank you, Mistress Gretchen. I'm ever so grateful! I would have thought no
one would be interested in me now!"

	Gretchen replied sweetly.

	"Looks like you were wrong again, fuckface!"

	They turned to watch Melody who was really performing quite nicely. Lovely
Melody positively glistened with sweat. Her damp hair had lost it's cute
coiffure and was now plastered to her head. Her glorious nude body quivered in
silent anguish as Dr. Li administered another agonizing blast of current. She
panted hard, her big chest heaving delightfully, as she awaited the next vicious
jolt.  

	In the next room, looking through a two way mirror, Sheik Rashid watched in
pleasure. Beautiful Bobbi's head bobbed rhythmically between his legs. Gretchen
was a genius of the perverse. It was going to be a long, sweaty summer for the
three bitches as they enjoyed his 'summer scholarship'. Maybe, at the end of it,
he'd offer them full-time jobs. He felt sure that they could be persuaded to
accept... 



 Chapter 13 &ndash; Cheerleader Cheryl Puts Out  
 Two months later, Cheryl was two months pregnant. The once proud co-ed vomited
  from the deepest pit of her cramped up stomach. The pretty cheerleader was
  certain that it was the wart-faced rapist's child. Her tiny perfect toes curled
  as she knelt over the basin and spewed long and hard into it. A slave in high
  heels and stockings wiped the puke dribble from Cheryl's chin and then carried
  away the basin of vomit to be used as a delightful sauce to help flavour Brandi's
  breakfast of toasted bird turd.  
 Wartface was waiting for her. The ugliest of the rapists fucked Cheryl at
  every opportunity. He was totally disgusting, lacking any concept of bodily
  hygiene. His blubbery body was filthy. He stank. His breath reeked. Worst of
  all, he claimed to have religious objections to abortions. She had tried to
  persuade him but there was no obscene act she could offer him. At first, he
  had been encouraging and listened to her in total enchantment as lovely Cheryl
  stupidly offered a veritable cornucopia of utter depravity in return for an
  abortion and access to contraceptives. After that, he simply forced her to
  perform those depravities that had sounded either interesting to him or totally
  revolting for her. Cheryl's lovely face twitched at the memory. That particular
  attempt at negotiation had added a lot to her heavy load of disgust and self-loathing.  
 At the moment Wartface was probing his nostril with a stubby finger, digging
  deep. He gave her a gap-toothed grin with his large yellow teeth as he pulled
  out a big, green, crusted nose goblin.  
 "I haff luffly present for you, fuckmeat."  
 This delight had been one of her particularly nauseating suggestions as
  part of the afore-mentioned disastrous negotiation. Kicking herself mentally
  for even thinking  of it, much less suggesting it, Cheryl
  felt even sicker than before as he reached between her legs, hooked two filthy
  fingers into her cunt and pulled her up close. She flinched involuntarily as
  he breathed his foul stench into her pretty face.  
 "Open wide."  
 There was no choice. Cheryl opened.  
 He stuffed his snot-laden finger between her parted lips.  
 "Suck."  
 Cheryl sucked the booger from his vile tasting fingertip.  
 "Lick it clean."  
 Cheryl's pretty pink tongue flickered daintily over his finger, first wetting
  it with her saliva and then licking away the grime. She worked delicately with
  her small white teeth to scrape the last morsels of snot from underneath his
  filthy fingernails.  
 "Swallow."  
 Cheryl's Adam's apple bobbed. Wartface was pleased. He had worked hard to
  train his reluctant student in this enchanting morning ritual.  
 "Good girl."  
 He squeezed her bare buns and wormed the fat finger that she had just licked
  clean into her anus. Her life was shit. Cheryl wanted to die. More than anything
  she wanted to blubber like a baby, but the electric prod awaited whiners. Instead,
  she smiled brilliantly at Wartface, who had never even bothered to introduce
  himself. She did her very best to look totally enthralled as his thick dick
  raised itself for action.  
 Cheryl knew that Wartface had issues with ravishing beauties like herself
  who, in the past, had treated him with utter disdain. His position on the Hounds
  of Allah Rape Squad now allowed him ample opportunities for payback. At the
  first hint of anything less than total enchantment, he reacted with extreme
  firmness to encourage a screaming beauty to adopt a whole new attitude. He
  had strong hands with sharp dirty fingernails and went straight for the genitals
  every time. Having shrieked her way through these profoundly educational exercises,
  Cheryl was now using her very best cheerleader acting skills, honed on various
  football captains in the past, focussing hard on making sure that he was a
  happy rapist.  
 "Wow! You sure like fucking me a lot."  
 She shook her head in wonderment and stared at his thickly veined, cum-encrusted
  member admiringly. She batted her eyes coyly and gushed enthusiastically.  
 "You're so big! I've never known any guy that could get it up as many times
  in a day as you can!"  
 Wartface nodded absently, unimpressed. All the whores said stuff like that.
  Women were lying scum in his experience. They were only nice to him if they
  wanted something. In lovely Cheryl's case it was obvious. What she wanted was
  to avoid being pounded shitless or deep-fried with the electric prod rammed
  up her cunt. Although he insisted on total respect from the fuckmeat, he knew
  that their extravagant admiration meant squat.  
 He crudely jammed his thick, dripping member into her hot, tight fuckhole.
  She clamped tightly around him and gamely began giving it the good ole college
  try. He sat still while she did all the work, squatting in his lap, doing six
  inch deep knee bends until her thighs were screaming, licking and kissing him,
  running her hands over his fat warty body, scrubbing her nipples against his
  hairy chest, breathily whispering admiring endearments into his tongue moistened
  ear hole.  
 When it suited him, Wartface could exercise impressive self-control. He
  sweated the blonde cheerleader hard as she bobbed her superb nude body up and
  down, impaled prettily on his pole. Her fine, sweat-soaked hair was soon plastered
  to her head in golden ringlets. She was red-faced and gasping and her deodorant
  had long ago failed her when he, at last, deigned to come inside her. She looked,
  felt and smelt like a hard humping whore as she sat all the way down, burying
  his dick inside her right to the base of his penis. She hugged him tightly
  as he throbbed inside her, unloading copiously.  
 He liked her to stay impaled for a while so that no sperm leaked out after
  he had finished porking her. She was already pregnant so it hardly mattered
  from an impregantion point of view. Nevertheless, it was best to encourage
  good habits in a breeder and psychologically it prolonged her humiliation,
  allowing her a long moment to reflect on past degradations and to anticipate
  the brutally public, exquisitely intimate shamings to come.  
 If Wartface had his way, breeder Cheryl was going to be squeezing out lots
  of baby Wartfaces in front of the cameras, screaming hard as she did so.  
 Sadly for poor knocked-up Cheryl, his religion didn't approve of abortions or  painkillers
  for pregnant women. Pitiless rapes of the infidel were a sacred duty.  
 Chapter 14 &ndash; Brandi in Deep Shit  
 There's just no pleasing women.  
 On one hand, Cheryl was deeply depressed to find herself pregnant with her
  lover's child and desperately craved an abortion.  
 On the other hand, Brandi had spontaneously aborted twice and not been happy
  with the experience. She was certain that her messy shameful abortions had
  a lot  to do with Achmed the Shitfucker's habit of using
  shit as a vaginal lubricant. They had both occurred while everyone watched
  in complete, loudly expressed revulsion. The camera crews had filmed the events
  for the sheik so that he could enjoy watching her sink to an even more dehumanizing
  level on the downward path to total degradation.  
 Thin and wiry, Achmed was a tireless fanatic when it came to shit-fucking.
  To make sure that Brandi was fully involved and not a numb, passive rape victim
  deep in shock, he was giving her a shit enema with her full, albeit reluctantly
  given, co-operation. This active co-operation was a measure of the depths of
  her desperation.  
 The thick tube shoved deeply into her asshole trembled as the piss/shit
  mixture was pumped into her bowels.  
 A loathsome series of vile, feverish infections had turned Brandi into a
  frantic, near-suicidal beauty. The eye infections after Achmed had swabbed
  her eyeballs with shit-soaked Q-tips had her convinced that she was going blind.
  The urethral infections after he had used the same Q-tips on her piss hole
  had made every act of urination feel like she was pissing slivers of broken
  glass. The horrifying vaginal infections and bloody spontaneous abortions had
  been deeply traumatizing experiences. They filled her with intense self-loathing,
  revolting her to the very core of her being.  
 She had to beat her own record, squirting a stream of fecal matter farther
  than ever before, or spend the day buried up to her neck in an electrified
  shitpit. She earned a week's reprieve from being shit-fucked with each successful
  effort. She bitterly regretted trying so hard on the first effort. It had set
  a hard-to-beat milestone of shit-squirting excellence. This was the third week
  and Brandi was one panic-stricken pussy.  
 Of course, all this effort didn't mean that she wouldn't spend the week
  playing sucky-fuck with Achmed. She got the joy, privilege and opportunity
  of providing a full range of shit-free sexual services for him while they spent
  romantic moments watching and listening to videos of her being thoroughly turd-slimed,
  aborting bloodily for the cameras, etc. Achmed found these deeply inspirational.
  Being forced to endlessly revisit past traumas kept Brandi quaking nicely and
  powerfully motivated towards achieving shit-squirting excellence. The fact
  that Achmed always reeked of excrement kept Brandi's stomach churning while
  she gobbled his dick and licked his balls.  
 Completely focussed on the job at hand, her breath came in small rapid pants.
  Small drops of blood sprayed from her lips as she bit them hard. Brandi's pretty
  face twisted in a series of anguished grimaces as she struggled to accept as
  much of the urine-enriched fecal matter as she possibly could. When her bulging,
  painfully straining intestines were packed full of the warm, steaming mixture
  and she could stand no more, she nodded and the tube was gingerly withdrawn.  
 The overhead cameras focused carefully as Brandi put her lovely legs close
  together to achieve maximum height. She bent over and went up on tiptoe. Using
  her hands on the floor to steady herself, she raised her tightly clenched,
  deeply dimpled asscheeks as high as possible.  
 Dressed in red thigh-high spike-heeled whore boots, her long black hair
  hung down and touched the floor as she carefully adjusted the angle of her
  sweating, shuddering torso to achieve a maximum trajectory. Brandi's dangling
  tits shook violently as the red-faced beauty simultaneously relaxed her tightly
  clenched buttocks and squeezed hard for the cameras. She flushed crimson right
  down to her pubic hair as she strained mightily.  
 There was definitely fire in the hole as shit exploded out of her stretched,
  aching rectum. Brandi let out a long ululating scream of pure anguish as she
  bore down hard and a strong stream of rectal excreta arched across the room.  
 When she was done, Brandi dropped to her hands and knees, sobbing with shame
  and pain. It had been a brutal effort and she knew that she could never do
  it again.  
 She wondered when she was going to get the infection that antibiotics couldn't
  cure.  
 A deeply stressed Brandi was certain that it was only a matter of time.
  Once she got it, from that moment onwards she would slowly and disgustingly
  rot from the crotch outwards.  
 Chapter 15 - No Pain No Gain  
 Although she still looked good, Melody moved like an old woman. The crippling
  series of electro-convulsive shock therapies relentlessly administered by the
  fanatical Dr. Li meant that running away was no longer an option for the young
  co-ed.  
 It was feeding time. Since she could no longer walk easily, lovely Melody
  got to crawl naked on her belly for food. Just as she got close, Dr. Li playfully
  moved the steaming bowl of delicious beef stew just out of reach. The gruelling
  electro-convulsive workouts were exhausting and made Melody utterly ravenous.
  Unhinged mentally, wild-eyed with hunger, her beautiful blue eyes focused dementedly
  on the steaming aromatic bowl containing one of her favourite foods. This was
  a delight that she had oh-so-helpfully listed as a particular favourite on
  Dr. Heinrich's questionnaire so long ago in a university world far, far away.
  Hands bound behind her back, she pursued the bowl, slithering forward on her
  belly like a snake.  
 Her pathetic eagerness for nourishment kept her trying hard as she dragged
  her bare tits over the smooth tiled floor towards the ever-retreating bowl.
  Never giving up, her sweating face gleamed with the insanity of total obsession
  as she pursued the doggy bowl of steaming delicious stew. The sight of the
  perfectly prepared stew delighted her eyes. The aroma tantalised her nostrils.
  Her mouth watered. She licked her lips eagerly.  
 At last, tiring of his torment, he allowed her to bury her face in the bowl
  and gulp it down like the starving animal that she had become. Her tongue lapped
  at the metal bowl as she licked it shiny. After she had bolted it all down
  like a dog, the metal bowl rattled noisily on the floor as her tongue dementedly
  flicked over all parts of the empty bowl, seeking food that simply was no longer
  there.  
 After this, it was time for some stomach-cramping, right-after-dinner exercise.
  Dr. Li liked telling Melody that she only really came to life when she was
  wired up and bucking wildly as jolt after jolt of electricity was applied to
  her lithe young body. It was not news that she wanted to hear.  
 Melody moaned in fear as the familiar ritual that was slowly grinding her
  to ratshit and ripping her apart internally was enacted one more time.  
 Weak as a puppy now and helpless to resist, she was tied spread-eagled face-up
  on the bed. She whimpered as Dr. Li pinned the electrodes to the back of her
  knees and her buttocks. She sobbed as he greased the electrodes on the inside
  of the belt for a good conductive skin contact. He buckled the wide electro-shock
  belt to her stomach. He squeezed hard, burying his strong fingers in her titmeat.
  He twisted her bare breasts painfully, then pinched her nipples cruelly, as
  he spoke a few encouraging words.  
 "The belt is just like those useless stomach exercise belts you see on American
  television, except the voltage is cranked up a bit."  
 She groaned as he climbed on top of her and rammed his ever-ready priapic
  prick into her tight swollen fuck hole. Her cunt tightened convulsively around
  his permanently erect member as he flipped on the juice. Her spasming, cramping
  belly and thigh muscles were controlled by a series of carefully timed and
  beautifully orchestrated jolts. Helplessly, lovely Melody began pumping her
  hips lewdly, her cunt clamped tight around Dr. Li's invasive member. She flushed
  red, nipples erect, her body hot underneath him as the electricity slow-cooked
  her meat.  
 Her over-achieving tool tunnel was scratched and bruised its entire length.
  Her cunt burned painfully between her legs. Each savagely invasive penetration
  was a lightning scrape of agony opening her vaginal passage wide and delving
  deep, reaming away the numerous small scabs and widening her cuts. She had
  never experienced a fuck-freak with Dr. Li's relentless, demonic stamina. Her
  mind firmly focussed on what was happening between her legs, Melody grunted
  rhythmically with each cruel obscene thrust as she began the long hard grind
  of another sexual marathon with the indefatigable Dr. Li.  
 Chapter 16 &ndash; Another Heart-Warming Video for the Family  
 Mistress Gretchen supervised as the American bitches, stark naked aside
  from their high heels, were prepped for the cameras.  
 Waist high and embedded in the wall side by side in a row, the three thick
  greased metal rods projected up at a sixty-degree angle.  
 Two handlers lifted Melody up. Her black high heels left the floor.  
 Strong hands cupped her creamy smooth buttocks and prised them apart. Melody
  gasped as the rounded end of the thick rod began pressing insistently against
  her crinkled brown anus. Her handlers pushed downwards. Melody let out a series
  of small sharp cries as the thick probing rod stretched her rectum agonisingly
  wide and slowly wormed its way deep into her bowels. The rough surface of the
  rod rasped her rectum painfully as it slid deeper and deeper.  
 Her black high heels touched the floor again, their height carefully calculated
  to lift her bum up to the exactly correct level. Melody was hooked deeply onto
  the rod, impaled anally like a worm on a fishhook.  
 Mistress Gretchen cupped a blob of cold cream in her hand. Her hand dipped
  between Melody's thighs and smoothly massaged the greasy cream into her cuntlips
  with knowing fingers, penetrating her lewdly and tantalisingly, fingering her
  clit erect and taking Melody to the very brink of orgasm. Poor panting Melody
  groaned pre-orgasmically. Her clit throbbed, aching with lust and desire, stiff
  and swollen.  
 She screeched shrilly in sudden pain and frustration as Mistress Gretchen
  snapped the alligator clip onto it, the sharp teeth biting into her exquisitely
  tender flesh like a piranha. Melody sang even higher as Mistress Gretchen gave
  the alligator clip a hard pinch to make sure that it was seated properly and
  that the long sharp teeth were imbedded in her swollen love nubbin as deeply
  as possible.  
 Melody stood, red-faced and breathing hard, while a gasping Brandi and Cheryl
  were trotted out one by one and hooked anally onto their rods on either side
  of her. The cold cream trick teased their clits out of hiding, stiff and proud.
  They too screamed in sudden pain and frustration as the teeth of the alligator
  clip bit into the sensitive flesh of their hot stiff erections.  
 The trio shrieked even higher and harder in spine-chilling three-part harmony
  as the powerful, agonisingly pulsed electric current surged up through the
  rectal rods, burned through their cunts and sizzled out through their clits.
  Their bare buns convulsed, their nude buttocks cramping and clamping hard around
  the rough reaming rods.  
 Mistress Gretchen nodded in satisfaction after giving them a brutally long
  fry.  
 "Now you know the consequences of failing to please."  
 Like there had been any doubt.  
 The hairdressers and make-up people moved in to make the gasping, red-faced
  sluts look good for the cameras. This required a bit of skill. Cheryl was bloating
  in the early stages of her pregnancy. Melody could barely stand after her electro-convulsive
  workouts. Brandi was gaunt and pale from her extremely unhealthy diet and the
  ravages of disease and repeated infections.  
 The high-price help worked their magic and the three unwilling guests of
  Sheik Rashid soon looked the very picture of youth and vitality. Gretchen picked
  chaste white bras and spotlessly clean, white t-shirts to cover their superb
  torsos. They would only be photographed from the waist up, so she kept them
  nude below. It was a matter of economy. Why waste time dressing them fully
  when they would be stripping for action right afterwards?  
 Luxurious purple drapes with gold tassels and fabulously expensive oil paintings
  by Rubens and Van Dyke framed each ass-hooked beauty's neatly dressed torso
  for the benefit of the cameras.  
 Cheryl smiled brilliantly into the lens.  
 "Hi, Mom and Kyla. Melody, Brandi and I are just back from seeing the pyramids
  and touring the Valley of the Kings in Egypt. Sheik Rashid treats us far, far
  better than we deserve. He is a wonderful man. We were so wrong about him!"  
 Impaled on her ass-spike with an alligator clip biting into her clitoris,
  her loins burning from their recent electrical deep-fry, Cheryl swallowed the
  pain and humiliation and gushed enthusiastically. Beaten bitches, Brandi and
  Melody also gushed excitedly for the cameras when it was their turn.  
 Then the pampering was over and it was back to business.  
 Mistress Gretchen walked down the row and slapped their pretty faces briskly
  to get their attention.  
 "OK bitches. Take off the t-shirts and bras. Hand them to the wardrobe people."  
 Brandi, Melody and Cheryl quickly peeled them off and handed them over,
  exposing themselves fully once more.  
 "Put your hands behind your backs and with each hand grab the opposite elbow."  
 Black tape was wrapped around both forearms, cocooning them together behind
  their backs, forcing them to arch forward and present their bare breasts nicely.  
 Mistress Gretchen cupped the back of cheerleader Cheryl's blonde head with
  one hand. She tapped a tongue depressor against Cheryl's perfect white teeth.  
 "Open."  
 Cheryl parted her teeth. Gretchen pushed the tongue depressor in deep, stimulating
  the vomit reflex. Cheryl yorked up over her tits. Gretchen wiggled the tongue
  depressor against Cheryl's tonsils to keep her gagging and choking until her
  stomach was emptied completely. To be sure, she kept Cheryl yorking up in a
  series of agonising dry heaves. The powerful stomach acids powered up her throat,
  making her sinuses burn, her nose run and her eyes water.  
 She moved on to give Melody the same treatment.. She squeezed Melody's tits
  tightly, digging in with her fingernails. She twisted them agonisingly as if
  she was trying to unscrew them from her chest. Poor Melody was instantly red-faced
  and gasping. Tears streamed down Melody's cheeks as Mistress Gretchen addressed
  a reproach to poor blubbering Cheryl.  
 "It's for your own good, you stupid bitch! I wouldn't want you fuckheads
  choking to death on your own puke after the gag goes on and I present you with
  a few small challenges."  
 Cheryl didn't exactly look profoundly grateful, but she knew better than
  to show her resentment. She swallowed hard and accepted it, wondering, as she
  was intended to, about the 'small challenges'. She did not dare to ask. Mistress
  Gretchen wouldn't appreciate the interruption as she worked patiently with
  the tongue depressor, forcing Melody to dig deep and, with bulging eyes, spew
  so hard that she practically tossed up her toenails.  
 Mistress Gretchen had persuaded the lovely Bobbi to take a few moments out
  of her busy day. It was one of those rare moments when she didn't have her
  lips wrapped around a thick dick belonging to the sheik or one of his friends,
  hoovering up thick gobs of semen and gulping it down. Using a rich soft towel,
  the mouth whore sweetly and gently wiped the drool and vomit from Cheryl's
  breasts. It was the nicest thing anyone had done for Cheryl in a long time.  
 Cheryl sobbed in gratitude.  
 She yelped as a short sharp jolt of electricity fried her genitals.  
 Mistress Gretchen glared at her.  
 "Do you have a problem, cunt  ?"  
 Cheryl turned off the faucets instantly.  
 "No, ma'am. I'm sorry to have disturbed you with my foolish stupidity, ma'am."  
 Cheryl's guts jumped and twisted inside her as Mistress Gretchen continued
  to stare at her hard. Then she withdrew her million-watt glare and moved from
  Melody to Brandi. Having learned by example, Melody kept her blubbering gratitude
  to herself when Bobbi gently towelled her off, as did Brandi when her turn
  came.  
 Mistress Gretchen tapped against Cheryl's pearly whites with a thick red
  rubber ball.  
 "Open."  
 It was a tight fit. Gretchen squeezed the rubber ball hard and forced it
  between her teeth. Released, the ball expanded to open Cheryl's mouth achingly
  wide. Mistress Gretchen wound wide black tape around Cheryl's head several
  times to hold the ball in place and seal her lips around it. In turn, Brandi
  and Melody each opened very wide indeed to wrap her lips around a thick rubber
  ball, taped in place with the wide black tape.  
 A black cloth hood was dropped over each co-ed's pretty head. Wide black
  tape was wrapped around them, cocooning them from head to toe like a mummy.
  Each leg was wrapped individually. Only their bare tits, naked cunts and bare
  buttocks were left exposed. From under the black hoods came muffled groans
  of relief as they were lifted off the ass hooks. These changed to moans of
  fear as their slim ankles were cuffed to either end of long leg-spreading bars
  and each was hung upside down from the back of a tow truck.  
 The muffled moans changed to muffled squeals as the three tow trucks roared
  out of the TV studio and out into the desert. They stopped amongst the sand
  dunes in the sun-blasted heat of the desert. The rapidly swelling ranks of
  the Hounds of Allah Rape Squad were gathered in the shade of a large coloured
  canopy drinking cooling drinks and watching the bitches baste in the blazing
  desert sun.  
 Mistress Gretchen emerged from the shade and massaged cooking oil onto their
  rapidly reddening bare breasts and creamy smooth asses. Their legs were spread
  so wide that their slits were opened up and a lot of pink was exposed to the
  sun. Parts of the human body that have seldom been exposed to sunlight burn
  quickly. With repeated applications of cooking oil, their bared breasts, bums
  and bimbo boxes were soon a bright, bright red. The cooking oil practically
  sizzled as Mistress Gretchen repeatedly rubbed it into each screaming, sobbing
  beauty's privates, her fingers dipping lewdly into their holes as she did so.  
 Then they were taken down and turned over to the hard horny men.  
 Back in the good ole U. S. of A., Cheryl's mom was really, really, really
  excited. The divorced former fashion model grabbed her younger daughter's arm.  
 "Kyla! That nice Sheik Rashid has invited us to join Cheryl in an all-expense-paid
  visit! The timing he suggests is perfect, right after you participate in that
  Miss Teen beauty contest! Do you think that Cheryl showed him that picture
  of us that I sent her?"  
 Kyla spoke with true teen-age condescension to her aged parent. In her considered
  opinion (and all her teenage friends agreed) people in their late thirties
  like her mom were clueless. If they were older than that they were completely
  hopeless and belonged in a home.  
 "Get a grip, Mom! You think everything is about looks. He's probably just
  a nice guy who figures that Cheryl misses her family."  
 Lovely Laura looked at the letter in her hand.  
 "You're probably right, dear. He says here that he wants to surprise her
  with our arrival and that a delightful surprise awaits us  if
  we choose to come!"  
 Kyla sat in front of the mirror diligently brushing the fine blond hair
  that hung down to the back of her knees. Her long golden hair was a major asset.
  It shimmered gloriously with each twitch of her delectable derriere as she
  walked down the street. She had learned the eye-catching, lewdly pumping model's
  walk from her mother. The hair accented the effect beautifully, causing all
  hetero-sexual males to stop and gape like slack jawed yokels.  
 As she thought of the sheik's invitation, Kyla's beautiful blue eyes narrowed
  in keen anticipatory delight. So far she had mainly been a sly cockteasing
  minx, teasing older men (they're the ones with the money) on for her advantage,
  but only letting a very select few into her panties. Despite her condescending
  remarks to her aged ancestor, Kyla looked forward to a lifetime of being spoiled
  by men courtesy of her stunning good looks. Her Mom had set the example in
  so many ways, scoring very well indeed off her American ex-husbands, encouraging
  them to forget all about 'anti-love' prenuptial agreements and to think exclusively
  with the little head between their legs until it was way  too
  late to safeguard their fortunes from her divorcing depredations. Smirking
  smugly, eighteen-year-old heartbreaker Kyla was certain that she could do much  better
  and was eager to expand beyond the easily exploited high school male. An obviously
  besotted rich old oil sheik seemed like an excellent start. Even if nothing
  happened for her, she could always watch her role model mom in action as she
  played yet another rich boy for a fool and separated him from some serious
  cash while scooping some nice expensive presents.  
 Kyla looked up at her mother. Her eyes flashed.  
 "Sounds like a no-brainer to me, mom! Let's go for it!"  
 ( With my fondness for humbling haughty beauties, you better believe
      I'm going to continue this one! - LLabmik   
 Sheik Rashid's Vengeance (cont'd)

 By LLabmik
 Chapter 17 - The Buck Fuck
 Looking through the telephoto lens of his video camera, the fat middle-aged
  private detective watched the rhythmically rocking car of the high school football
  captain parked under the empty bridge on the deserted country lane. Parents
  who think that a curfew is the answer to controlling teen sexuality haven't
  figured out that they can fuck any time of the day or night. Take lunch hour,
  for example. This was a particularly good lunch hour because both of the high
  school seniors in question had a spare period after lunch, which the detective
  doubted that they would waste studying. 
    
  He noted that enterprising Kyla was doing all the work. He could see Buck sitting
  in the back seat with his head lolled back studying the ceiling of his Chevy
  while lovely Kyla squatted in his lap facing him. Wearing only the navy blue
  knee socks from her school uniform, she was straddling his dick and doing deep
  knee bends, what Kyla thought of as doing fucksquats. 
 To keep her balance on the springy seat, her hands were braced against Buck's
  broad chest as she rode up and down his dick, slick with her cunt juice. He
  raised his head and she playfully slapped his face with the big red nipples
  of her jumbo jugs as she bounced up and down. He lowered his head, stuck out
  his long wet tongue and started giving her nips a lewd lick every time they
  popped high enough. 
 The detective captured it all on video. The amount of travel Kyla was putting
  into her fucksquats was further evidence, not that he needed any, that young
  Buck was impressively hung. 
 This was the fourth lunch hour in a row that the detective had seen her servicing
  the energetic captain of the football team. Kyla was certainly a knowledgeable
  cunt. In the past three lunch hours he'd also taken video of her in action.
  Superfucker Kyla had put in a different sperm-winning performance each time. 
 The first day, she had given Buck a hand job that had him fountaining high,
  spraying his cum over her bare breasts. She didn't just grab his dick and pump
  up and down with her hand. She had squirted baby oil over her hand and then
  skilfully massaged his manrod with her fingers, running her well-oiled thumb
  along the sensitive underside of his penis and fingering his knob while she
  pumped up and down. After he had erupted like a spermatic Vesuvius, Kyla had
  smirkingly rubbed his cum into her tits like it was skin lotion, working it
  into her big erect nipples with her fingers and smoothing it in to the soft
  supple flesh of her monster melons with the palms of her hand, looking Buck
  steadily in the eyes and licking her lips lewdly. That had lead immediately
  to her capturing his thick dick between her cream jugs and giving him a masturbatory
  mammary massage that had him spraying her smirky-bitch face with his cum. She
  had rubbed it in like it was face cream. 
 The next day featured what Kyla called the 'Buck suck'. She got down on her
  knees next the Chevy and unzipped Buck as he leant insouciantly against the
  side. The detective wondered why she had taken a jar of Vaseline from her purse,
  opened it and placed it next to her knees as she prepared to give a BJ. Immediately
  after putting the jar down, she had put one hand around the base of his dick,
  slipped a masturbatory hand inside her panties, wrapped her lips around his
  knob and practically inhaled his thick sausage. In an unbelievably short period
  of time she had deep-throated Buck, sucking down his dick until his balls slapped
  her chin, which they did regularly thereafter with each deep delving, throat
  opening thrust. 
 In a short time the detective would solve The Mystery of the Vaseline and
  his knowledge of deep down dirty sex would be improved again. The detective
  usually videotaped shabby housewives and their equally dreary boyfriends in
  slimy motels for divorce proceedings. He found this to be a deeply depressing
  grind. On the contrary, he found that watching young Kyla in action was profoundly
  inspirational, not to mention educational. He hoped the Sheik would throw him
  more work if this were a sample of it.
 Proud of her monster melons, Kyla showed off her big bouncers every time
  she did the Buck fuck. As she unwittingly performed topless for the detective's
  hidden cameras, her big bare boobs bobbed rhythmically in time with her efforts,
  making a pretty picture indeed. When there was no direct stimulation she kept
  a hand inside her panties, masturbating her stiff throbbing clit while she
  did Buck. The detective idly wondered if she washed her own panties afterwards
  as they were probably drenched in her cunt juice, a dead give-away to anyone
  with a nose doing her laundry. On the other hand, maybe her mom, hardly a Puritan,
  didn't give a damn. 
 That second day, topless on her knees, Kyla had Hoovered Buck next to the
  open jar of Vaseline, several times easing his thick mushroom head from her
  throat in order to run her tongue down the sensitive underside of his dick.
  She had sweetly tea bagged him, taking each testicle into her mouth and giving
  it a gentle tongue massage. A true gentleman, Buck considerately held his dripping
  member up out of her face while she tongued his testicles. Then it was back
  to opening her throat wide to his plunging penis. 
 Towards the end, all was revealed to the detective as she dipped two fingers
  into the jar of Vaseline and slipped them up Buck's rectum, giving him a two-fingered
  prostate massage to push him over the edge to a violent orgasm. Buck had flushed
  a much deeper red than usual and pumped powerful squirts of hot oyster juice
  straight down her open throat. Kyla's Adam's apple bobbed as she gulped it
  down like a pro. 
 The detective made a mental note of this technique while he taped the young
  beauty in action. Whatever her academic status, Kyla was definitely a sexual
  over-achiever. In his personal experience, most women never came close to her
  level of sexual performance, never mind having her drop dead gorgeous looks.
  Just watching Kyla in action was teaching him things and making him horny.
  After this, he'd have to look up one of his depressingly average female friends
  and see if he could teach an old dog some new tricks.
 He didn't have to turn the microphones up too high. Kyla wasn't a quiet fuck.
  She came easily, her stiff swollen clit hard-wired to the pleasure centres
  of her brain. She moaned and groaned orgasmically, panting hard and hoarsely
  whispering lewd encouragement into Buck's ear while they screwed. The detective
  could always tell how many times she had cum in a session and it was never
  only once. 
 The third day, the detective got video of her lubing up Buck's monster member
  and taking it up the ass beside his car. She had impressed him with her rectal
  sword swallowing, as Buck had a large sword to swallow. The detective noted
  that she obviously knew exactly when to relax completely and when to squeeze
  hard. He had watched Buck's hands grip her hips as she had 'assumed the position'
  and, arching her back, braced herself against the side of his Chevy. Buck had
  obviously done this before. He slapped Kyla's butt cheek hard and, as she spontaneously
  relaxed her muscles in reaction, he forced himself all the way in. Kyla had
  taken quite the penile pounding as he repeatedly pulled out until only his
  head was still inside and then buried his dick to the balls in her bowels.
  A real Anal Annie, she had groaned in repeated orgasms, no self-stimulation
  necessary.
 Right now, the fourth fucking day in a row, she was demonstrating her impressive
  expertise at the backseat hump, at last getting around to using her fuckhole
  for its intended purpose. Since this was Thursday, the detective wondered idly
  what she had planned for Friday lunch hour, little realizing that Kyla was
  shortly to reveal that this was going to be a five star affair, a must-see
  must-hear event for the detective, his spying cameras and hidden microphones. 
 Buck grunted and, being a fair-skinned redheaded hunk who blushed easily,
  flushed crimson right down to his red pubic hairs as he came inside her. 
 The detective turned up the volume on his parabolic mike to pick up their
  post-coital romantic chat. Kyla rested her golden head on Buck's shoulder,
  affectionately pressing her big bare breasts into his heaving chest. She whispered
  breathily into his ear.
 &quot;I bet that I'm a better fuck than your girlfriend.&quot;
 &quot;Yeah, you are. Charlene just gives me blowjobs and spits it out into
  a Kleenex afterwards. That's because she's 'saving herself for marriage.'&quot;
 Kyla and Charlene were long-time rivals, which made fucking Charlene's well-hung
  boyfriend all the sweeter. Originally from Texas, Charlene's rich daddy spoiled
  his only daughter in every way. Although he never mentioned this little factoid,
  Buck's Chevy actually belonged to Charlene so breaking up with her would involve
  some sacrifice on his part. Charlene may have been a tall, stinking rich, full-figured
  beauty with flashing dark eyes and long black hair that hung down to her ass,
  but Kyla now knew that she was the better fuck. Never gracious in victory,
  Kyla trashed her rival vigorously.
 &quot;How stupid! Charlene won't know what to do and she won't do it very
  well if she doesn't practise first! Who wants the wedding night to be a big
  bloody letdown because you can't deliver a memorable performance and it hurts
  every time he shoves it in? I'm way past that!&quot;
 Buck laughed easily, happy to encourage his women to try and out-fuck each
  other.
 &quot;You certainly are!&quot;
 He turned more serious.
 &quot;I don't think that Little Miss BJ is a real keeper, although you're
  right about the practise thing. Her BJs are excellent. Almost as good as yours!
  I hid her Kleenexes once. You should have seen the expression on her face when
  she couldn't find them. She spent quite a few minutes holding my cum in her
  mouth and rolling it over her tongue, getting a really good taste while she
  hunted desperately for her fucking Kleenex.&quot;
 He winked slyly at Kyla.
 &quot;I'm guessing that cum doesn't taste like caviar.&quot;
 Kyla snickered and let him in on a little sex secret.
 &quot;You don't taste it at all if it goes straight down your throat and
  not a drop touches your tongue. Try telling Charlene that. She may progress
  from being a prim stick licker to being a hardcore Deep Throat.&quot;
 Inquiring minds wanted to know.
 &quot;When you hid dainty Miss BJ's Kleenex, did she end up swallowing?&quot; 
 &quot;Nope. She leaned out the door and spat it out on the road. How come
  you won't be my girlfriend?&quot;
 Kyla slapped him lightly.
 &quot;Bite your tongue! I'm saving myself for Mr. Right!&quot;
 Buck's jaw dropped.
 &quot;Pardon me?&quot;
 &quot;I'm saving myself for Mr. Right and Mr. Right is a lot richer than
  you are, Buck. I see myself as a trophy wife. Hubby sweats away earning huge
  sums of money and I devote my time to spending it. It seems ideal.&quot;
 &quot;Oh, you mean like your mom. She's hot. She can probably wrap any guy
  around her little finger, just like you.&quot;
 Kyla briefly revealed her inner shark. She jabbed a neatly manicured finger
  into Buck's chest to punctuate each word as she enunciated her core philosophy.
 &quot;You use what you've got to get what you want.&quot;
 As she repeated it, the easy-going athlete was surprised at her intensity.
 &quot;You use what you've got to get what you want! I've got a lot in the
  hot babe department and I want a lot! So, unlike that lazy-bitch-cause-daddy's-rich
  Charlene, I'm always working hard to polish the act! I'm more like my mom.
  As a matter of fact, right now I'm better looking and hotter than my mom will
  ever be again in her lifetime. I can make a much better deal than her, not
  that she's a loser exactly. I mean, she's between rich boyfriends right now,
  but she's got her sights on an oil sheik next.&quot;
 Brash, self-centred Kyla was surprisingly gentle as she let him down. After
  all, muscular studs with dicks his size didn't grow on trees.
 &quot;Buck, I don't want you to take this the wrong way and get all huffy
  about it. Guys like you are great, but to a girl like me you're just practise!&quot;
 Buck laughed good-naturedly. He really just wanted to get laid, not have
  another damn 'relationship'.
 &quot;You want to practise some more tomorrow? I want to be sure that Mr.
  Right scores the hottest fuckbox possible!&quot;
 He looked at her solemnly. 
 &quot;I'm only thinking of what's best for you!&quot;
 Kyla giggled. She arched an eyebrow coyly at him.
 &quot;Want to do it in the girl's washroom next lunch hour?&quot;
 &quot;Why not the men's washroom?&quot;
 &quot;Been there! Done that! Guy's washrooms are yucky. Besides I want to
  sneak you in and do you while Charlene pees in the next stall.&quot;
 &quot;Why won't she know that I'm there?&quot;
 &quot;Because you're going to be very quiet while you stand on the seat in
  the handicapped stall facing me, squatting down so that no one can see you
  above or below the stall. Charlene always takes the stall next to the handicapped
  stall. Just before she arrives for her 12:30 piss, you put your prick in my
  mouth. When we hear her piss hit the bowl, I'll lick your dick like a lollipop
  until you cum in my face.&quot;
 &quot;Sounds like quite the athletic event and fraught with peril.&quot;
 &quot;Well, you're an athlete, aren't you?&quot;
 She eyed Buck with dark suspicion.
 &quot;Where did you get that 'fraught with peril' line?&quot;
 Kyla shook her head and blew a stray curl of her blond hair away from her
  sexy smirky-bitch face. She leaned back, gloriously naked, and looked at him
  accusingly.
 &quot;Have you been hanging out with nerds?&quot;
 &quot;No, I've been reading.&quot;
 &quot;Shakespeare?&quot;
 &quot;No. Clive Cussler.&quot;
 She snuggled back up to him, hugging him close, grinding her big nipples
  into his bare chest. She felt his thick manroot; still buried deep inside her
  cunt, begin to twitch with interest.
 &quot;Whew! For a moment you had me worried! You know I like cockteasing
  those brainiac nerds until it looks like the zippers on their pants are going
  to explode, but I only do the deed with top athletes like you, the best of
  the best. I like coaxing those eggheads along, making them do all sorts of
  stupid stuff because they think that they have a chance to get into my panties,
  but no way! Did you hear about me teasing the president of the chess club into
  baring his skinny little ass in what he thought was an empty hallway just as
  the vice-principal was coming around the corner?&quot;
 They both had a good gigglesnort at that. Cockteaser Kyla got back to serious
  fucking business.
 &quot;Be at the washroom at 12:15. I'll smuggle you in. Charlene has to pee
  at 12:30, right after she eats lunch, regular as clockwork. I'll talk to her
  in the next stall while I do you.&quot;
 &quot;Um, Kyla, it's not polite to talk with your mouth full!&quot;
 While Kyla sniggered, Buck shook his head.
 &quot;You're incredible, Kyla.&quot;
 Still impaled, she tightened her pussy and gave his thick dick an encouraging
  squeeze.
 Shaking his head enviously as the two horny teenagers effortlessly started
  up round two, the detective began jotting down more notes for his report to
  Sheik Rashid. No wonder the super popular Buck was doing so poorly academically.
  The girls weren't allowing much blood to get to his brain. The detective thought
  about how he was going to get some small spy cameras and microphones positioned
  to capture the five star action in the handicapped stall in the girl's john
  by noon tomorrow.
 Chapter 18 - A Brace of Bodalicious Babes 
 Saturday morning, blissfully ignorant that her sister Cheryl had made her
  a target and that her ongoing sexual escapades were being captured on camera,
  lovely Kyla was smug and satisfied from putting one over on that stuck-up snot
  Charlene in the women's washroom. Unknown to Buck or Charlene, Kyla's dirty-minded
  girlfriends had snuck in right behind Charlene. As Charlene pulled down her
  panties and squatted down for a long noisy pee, they had one by one tiptoed
  up and peeped over the door to the handicapped stall, verifying that Buck was
  in position balancing precariously on the seat facing away from the door with
  his hands braced against the wall. His pants and boxer shorts were down around
  his knees and his tight bare buns were clearly visible with a smirking Kyla
  running her muscular tongue along his erect penis. Kyla gave each girlfriend
  a naughty wink when she stepped up, peeped in and, after a long incredulous
  look at Buck's dripping one-eyed milkman, stepped back hand over mouth, stifling
  a giggle. 
 Her friends had dug each other in the ribs and snickered quietly while they
  eavesdropped. Kyla had licked and slurped noisily at what she claimed to Charlene
  was a lollipop while Buck struggled manfully to perform quietly.
 Kyla smirked a dirty little smirk indeed at her memories of a beautifully
  stage-managed event. Charlene had spent Friday afternoon totally mystified,
  wondering (a) why Kyla would make such a big deal out of slurping a lollipop
  in a washroom (yuck!) and (b) why every time Kyla's girlfriends looked at her
  they laughed hysterically, like she was the butt of some huge joke. A pretty
  pampered rich bitch, Charlene hated Kyla and her smirky mocking ways.
 Kyla spied through the open doorway; surreptitiously watching as her mother
  critically inspected her heartbreakingly beautiful face in the bathroom mirror.
  Her mom was obviously trying to decide at what point a few laugh lines around
  the eyes turned into crow's feet. Parents may think that they're fooling the
  kids, but it was very apparent to Kyla that her mom felt that she was losing
  it. Although Laura hadn't told Kyla about how humiliating her break-up with
  her latest boyfriend had been, Kyla had instantly grasped the important part.
  Ever since the break-up, her Mom felt that she was old and inadequate. That
  dirty fucker Jeremy must have done a real number on her head.
 Mom was obsessing. Nobody would even notice any laugh lines on Laura's lovely
  face unless they were using a magnifying glass. Mom had started worrying about
  aging when she hit the big three-oh. All her jealous friends' catty remarks
  about her being an 'old broad' had been foolishly taken to heart.
 The recent humiliating break-up had cut her to the quick. Laura had been
  too embarrassed to tell Kyla that her latest rich boyfriend, Jeremy, had dumped
  her for being 'too old', going straight for her Achilles heel as only your
  nearest and dearest can. Even worse, he had come out of the closet and dumped
  her for a college boy. In kissing her off, Jeremy had told Laura that Raimondo
  not only had a tighter asshole, but he also gave better blowjobs. 
 In addition to being much, much younger.
 Laura was getting a little desperate. Her high spending lifestyle required
  a fresh cash infusion. She badly needed another rich sucker to milk. 
 Kyla shook her head. Growing old was a bitch. A chip off the old block, Kyla's
  plan was to score big off some rich guy while she was still young. She took
  pity on her ancient ancestor so she suggested a cockteasing contest guaranteed
  to leave swollen members and achingly full testicles in its wake. Cockteasing
  always perked her mom up. Making the men pant in frustration reassured her
  that she was still a hot desirable fucktoy. 
 &quot;Hey mom. Stop worrying! Get a grip! You look great! When we go to the
  mall, let's make the men drool! I'll tell you what. We'll walk together dressed
  in skimpy little outfits, everything wiggling, jiggling and bouncing. Then
  we'll split up and see how many men follow you and how many follow me. I bet
  I win!&quot;
 Although fond of leaving aching unrequited desire in her wake, Laura rolled
  her big blue eyes dramatically skywards.
 &quot;Lord, why did you burden me with this shameless young hussy?&quot;
 Kyla shook her pretty head.
 &quot;Mom, reality check. I get it from you!&quot; 
 Shopping for clothes in the mall was a much-loved ritual with the mother
  and daughter. It almost always involved taunting the male population, frustrating
  them with some hot look-but-don't-touch sexuality, leaving stiff dicks and
  aching balls in their wake. 
 The pulchritudinous beauties boldly flaunted themselves in mini-skirts, high
  heels and halter-tops. Walking side by side in a runway model's walk, showing
  lots of cleavage, stomach muscles flexing under their smooth bare bellies,
  hips pumping, tight buns dimpling, tits bouncing, thighs flashing, Laura and
  Kyla caused all male heads to turn (and quite a few female heads). Men walking
  together instantly lost the thread of their conversations as they caught sight
  of the lithesome lovelies. Their knowing, smirky-bitch faces and sinuously
  pumping full-figured bodies promised untold sexual delights.
 A great-looking babe has the power to cloud men's minds. Callipygous racehorses
  Kyla and Laura were causing a rolling blackout as the blood was drained from
  any male brain within eyeshot to engorge a more primal organ.
 Since Sheik Rashid had an aversion to shopping with women, party girl Ilsa
  met them at the entranceway to the exclusive dress shop. Her job was to greet
  the meat and lull them into a false sense of security while luring them into
  the spider's web. A well-rounded woman, she also enjoyed making them scream
  afterwards. 
 The three women stepped into the elevator. Ilsa fished a gold key out of
  her Gucci purse. The gold key was given only to the most privileged (i.e. richest)
  customers. She inserted it into a slot on the elevator's control panel. This
  enabled the elevator doors to open when they selected the button to take them
  to the most exclusive floor of the store. Anyone else could press the button
  and the elevator would go to the floor, but without the gold key the doors
  wouldn't open. A team of fawningly obsequious saleswomen proffering glasses
  of wine and trays of cheese greeted them as the elevator's doors slid back.
  Ilsa smiled perkily.
 &quot;As he told you over the phone, Sheik Rashid wants you to select both
  formal wear and informal wear for your trip. All purchases will be at his expense.
  I'm here to advise on what is necessary and to pay on the Sheik's behalf.&quot;
 Laura liked to be sure of things.
 &quot;We can pick anything we like?&quot;
 Ilsa nodded.
 &quot;Anything in the store. I've brought a photo album along to show you
  the Sheik at various events like the ones that you'll be attending. That way
  you can see what everybody else is wearing and can make your selections accordingly.&quot;
 She opened the photo album. Laura and Kyla's beautiful blue eyes opened wide
  in amazement. The Sheik lived very well indeed. Daring and baring in the most
  elegant way possible seemed the order of the day for the females. Lesser men
  often wonder where the hell women would wear the delightfully skimpy, extremely
  revealing and thoroughly impractical outfits the leggy models flaunt when they
  swagger half nude down the fashion runways. A brief look into these photos
  of Sheik Rashid's lifestyle, parties and fun little events would have made
  it clear to them. 
 What the photos revealed to Laura and Kyla was that the competition was fierce.
  Being bold, daring and utterly shameless was the only way to succeed. They
  sized up the women in the photos with a fiercely competitive eye. The two fashion
  models were totally comfortable with baring and daring in public while some
  of the beauties in the photographs looked distinctly nervous, especially those
  gathered around the Sheik. It gave them hope.
 &quot;The next photos were taken aboard the Sheik's personal jet which will
  be flying you to his country when school lets out for the summer in a few weeks.&quot;
 Kyla's jaw dropped.
 &quot;That's all on an airplane? He has fountains, a greenhouse, oil paintings,
  Persian carpets, tapestries and all that on a plane?&quot;
 Ilsa nodded serenely.
 &quot;In a bone-dry, sun-blasted desert country, fountains and lush green
  plants are a sign of wealth. As you can see, our oil Sheik has it all.&quot; 
 Ilsa knew that the Sheik often liked to toy with babes before he got down
  to the good ole scream and squirm. She could tell by the expressions on Laura
  and Kyla's perfect, high-cheekboned faces as they greedily studied the pictures
  that he was going to coax them into being real little performers.
 A short while later, when Kyla disappeared into the dressing room to try
  on a fetchingly tight little black dress, Ilsa had a quiet word with Laura.
 &quot;The Sheik likes hiring beautiful women to be his 'companion' for short
  one-month stints. You are a bit older than he normally prefers, but he's been
  interested in you since your daughter Cheryl showed him your picture. He has
  to get to know you a bit beforehand, but you might do if you have the sort
  of sexual sophistication he's looking for despite your age. He usually likes
  women in their mid-twenties - still smooth and lithe, but old enough to be
  sexual sophisticates if they've been enterprising enough.&quot; 
 Ilsa paused, briefly but tellingly.
 &quot;&iexcl;&shy;that is, if you're at all interested?&quot;
 Laura perked up. Opportunity was knocking. 
 &quot;How much does it pay?&quot;
 Ilsa was gratified by the way she cut right to the money. The detective had
  been right about how much Laura was hurting financially. Having seen video
  of both Laura and Raimondo in action, Ilsa knew that closet queen Jeremy was
  lying about the quality of Raimondo's BJs and all assholes were tight in Ilsa's
  strap-on dildo experience. In her opinion Jeremy had done superb work. He had
  shaken lovely Laura quite badly. Low self-esteem was something the Sheik liked
  to encourage in his bitches. 
 &quot;The Sheik pays in high quality diamonds and he also tips in diamonds
  for any peculiarly satisfying performance. A large sum in diamonds is easily
  carried, easily hidden, easily smuggled. Diamonds are a girl's best friend,
  no doubt about it!&quot;
 This sounded excellent, but Laura wanted a rough dollar figure. Ilsa named
  a very handsome sum indeed. Laura was very tempted to try her hand at playing
  courtesan.
 &quot;Of course, the Sheik and you have to feel comfortable together first,
  but it's something to bear in mind as a possibility. Would you be at all interested
  in that sort of thing?&quot;
 Laura nodded. She glanced up as Kyla emerged from the dressing room and pirouetted
  prettily in front of a mirror, while lickspittle saleswomen ooh'd and ah'd
  admiringly. Laura lowered her voice and spoke confidentially.
 &quot;I would definitely be interested, if it could be handled discreetly.
  I wouldn't want to be embarrassed in front of my daughters.&quot;
 Ilsa smiled.
 &quot;The Sheik is very discreet. He really, really, really hates being embarrassed
  himself. Enough said, then.&quot;
 Laura smiled.
 &quot;It's a good thing he didn't hold Cheryl's little exercise in humiliating
  him against her.&quot;
 Ilsa laughed. Laura had made all sorts of approving comments to the local
  newspapers about the picture of her daughter Cheryl throwing her pamphlets
  into Sheik Rashid's surprised face. Laura had called him 'that stupid rag head'
  to a local reporter. Kyla had chimed in that she wished she had kicked that
  'Arab pig' in the ass along with Brandi ('we could each have taken a butt cheek
  and together kicked him to the moon'). The local newspaper, making it a matter
  of public record, had dutifully reported these and other offensive statements.
  Kyla and Laura's photogenic good looks made the story; along with their pictures
  of course, front page news.
 Blissfully unaware that the Sheik had been apprised of these facts and had
  indeed studied a copy of the newspaper in question carefully, Laura rather
  brazenly assured Ilsa that she had chastised Cheryl severely for her reprehensible
  behaviour. Perfectly capable of handling bullshit with a straight face, Ilsa
  nodded agreeably.
 &quot;The Sheik is totally satisfied with Cheryl's apology. She's rather
  embarrassed about it all herself and is working very hard to make it up to
  him by being a diligent student of all things Arab, so that she can come back
  and tell others the true story. Arabs don't get very good media play in the
  United States.&quot; 
 Laura was approving of her favourite daughter, definitely the brains in the
  family.
 &quot;Very true! Good for her!&quot; 
 Kyla joined them.
 &quot;What do you think of this outfit, mom?&quot;
 Kyla sashayed saucily in her black spike heels. The clinging black dress
  showed off leggy Kyla's spectacular figure. Her full breasts looked like they
  were going to pop out of the top. The short dress also highlighted her athletic
  legs, highly toned from performing fucksquats for Buck and other fun guys.
  There was no trace of a bra or panty line on the tight dress because naughty
  Kyla wasn't wearing any. Laura studied her carefully as Kyla did her fashion
  model walk back and forth in the skimpy little black dress. Put together with
  her knowing smirky-bitch face, the LBD made Kyla look like a dirty-minded brazen
  young hussy. 
 &quot;It suits you.&quot;
 Kyla glanced at the much more conservative pink body suit in Laura's hand.
  She was gently encouraging to her elderly mom. After all, her mom was an old
  fart of thirty-eight, although people sometimes rather irritatingly thought
  that she was Kyla's sister. Kyla was quick to set them straight. After all,
  her drop-dead gorgeous mom was still plenty good enough for rich older guys
  who couldn't score the young stuff anymore.
 &quot;Try it on, mom. Pink and blond really go together. Very sexy.&quot;
 When Laura disappeared into the change room, it was Ilsa's moment to have
  a quiet word with Kyla. 
 &quot;Although the Sheik prefers more sexually sophisticated women he likes
  your looks, despite your youth and inexperience. He pays very well for a one-month
  stint as a 'companion'. Would you be interested?&quot;
 Like mother, like daughter.
 Kyla's eyes gleamed greedily.
 &quot;How much does it pay?&quot;
 A very handsome sum paid in diamonds appealed to neophyte gold-digger Kyla
  as well. A little sharper than her venerable ancestor, a very obvious thought
  occurred to her.
 &quot;Is that what Cheryl's doing there?&quot;
 Ilsa hesitated briefly, and then nodded, deciding to share a small portion
  of the truth.
 &quot;She's actually a companion for one of the Sheik's friends. She's putting
  in such an eager-beaver performance that her one-month contract has been renewed.&quot;
 Kyla's eyes widened in surprise and malicious delight. 
 &quot;Way to go, sis! I always thought that Cheryl was way too prissy for
  that kind of thing. How does she like it?&quot;
 Ilsa was diplomatic as she dispensed a few more partial truths.
 &quot;You can ask her yourself when we get there, but she hasn't complained
  about the money so far! Once she hooked up with this guy, he made her an offer
  she just couldn't refuse. It turns out that prissy Cheryl can be turned into
  a hot-holed root-riding fuckfiend with the right motivation!&quot;
 Kyla savoured this salacious news with a certain wicked delight. She was
  also a bit indignant.
 &quot;Really? What nerve! She was always telling me that I was too easy,
  that I should be more selective and only do it with well-educated, cultured,
  good-looking men instead of the fun guys! I always thought that Big Sis was
  quite the stuck-up little snot!&quot;
 Ilsa laughed easily.
 &quot;The guy she's doing it with is definitely NOT good-looking or well-educated,
  but they're certainly fucking like minks morning, noon and night!&quot;
 Kyla clapped her hands in delight.
 &quot;This I've got to see.&quot;
 Ilsa lowered her voice conspiratorially.
 &quot;Can you keep a dirty little secret?&quot;
 Kyla's nodded encouragingly. She loved dirty little secrets.
 &quot;I'm not supposed to tell you about this, but I like you. I can tell
  that you're a filthy-minded female after my own heart. I could get in big,
  big trouble if it ever leaked out. Promise not to tell anyone or let on to
  the Sheik that I told you?&quot;
 Kyla agreed eagerly.
    
&quot;Excellent! The Sheik has cameras hidden in his friend's house. I can guarantee
that Cheryl doesn't look like a 'stuck-up little snot' when she's stripping naked
and doing the nasty with this big ugly guy. Promise, promise, promise not to
tell anyone!&quot;
 Kyla couldn't stop grinning. She had always thought that her mum liked Cheryl
  best. It was great to find out that Miss University Educated Smarty-Pants was
  really a dirty little whore at heart. 
 &quot;So she's performing for the cameras and doesn't know about it?&quot;
 Ilsa nodded. While Kyla hooted triumphantly, Ilsa smirked.
 &quot;You'll be surprised. Maybe Big Sis used to talk the talk, but she definitely
  ain't walkin' the walk, baby sister.&quot; 
 Ilsa dangled a largely unnecessary carrot.
 &quot;When you come on the plane maybe I'll be able to show you some pictures
  of Miss Goody Two Shoes in action.&quot;
 Ilsa lowered her voice confidentially.
 &quot;She must have demanded big, big bucks for this guy. Once you see him
  you'll know what I mean. You can tell from the video that she's eager to please.
  There's no other reasonable explanation for it. I mean it can't be true love.
  This guy is gross!&quot;
 Sibling rival Kyla was enchanted. She knew that she was a lot hotter than
  her sister and could do much much better than this loser Cheryl was putting
  out for.
 &quot;I can hardly wait!&quot; 
 Ilsa looked concerned.
 &quot;Above all, don't tell anybody, especially not your mother.&quot;
 Kyla smirked and winked slyly. Teenagers love being one-up on their ignorant
  parents.
 &quot;As far as mom's concerned: mum's the word!&quot;
 Sheik Rashid hated shopping with women, watching them spend hours picking
  over stuff they had no real interest in and no intention of buying. Having
  lunch with two bodalicious beauties in a high-class restaurant was another
  thing entirely. The exclusive dining room, boasting it's own Cordon Bleu chef,
  could only be reserved via an unlisted phone number, which was revealed solely
  to the most plutocratic patrons.
 Their shopping done, Ilsa led Laura and Kyla to the Sheik's table and withdrew
  tactfully. His expensive white robes fell about him with simple elegance as
  Sheik Rashid stood and regally shook hands with them. The thin hawk-nosed Arab
  had a firm vigorous handshake and quick, knowing eyes. 
 They were very impressed. Sheik Rashid radiated power and dignity as only
  an extremely rich man can, a man who has been commanding deeply respectful
  servants from birth, servants who could be stripped and whipped for any failure
  to satisfy. He had a dangerous raw animal edge to his personality that most
  women found attractive, at least initially.
 &quot;I was visiting my good friend and advisor Professor Heinrich at the
  university and this is not very far out of my way. I believe he instructed
  Cheryl in one of her courses.&quot;
 &quot;What does Professor Heinrich advise you on?&quot;
 Brash Kyla was all questions as they sat down.
 &quot;He advises me on how to handle my critics!&quot;
 Kyla snickered.
 &quot;I thought you guys just chopped off their heads!&quot;
 Laura shot her a sharp warning glance, which the insouciant teenager blithely
  ignored. Sheik Rashid, of course, preferred a much more lingering fate for
  his enemies than merely chopping off their heads. A world-famous specialist
  in the psychology of torture, Professor Heinrich had been full of helpful suggestions
  for making his opponents writhe and scream. 
 Rashid winked at Laura and laughed indulgently.
 &quot;That was the good old days! In these modern times, my critics have
  to be handled with such delicacy that a professor of psychology is needed for
  advice! I must give a reasoned response to their criticism, one that preserves
  my dignity while putting them firmly in their place.&quot;
 Well, that was certainly a tactful way of putting it. Brash Kyla pouted playfully.
 &quot;I'm soooo disappointed! I was looking forward to seeing some hangings,
  beheadings, stonings, public whippings, chopping off a thief's right hand so
  that he is forced to eat his food with the same hand he uses to wipe his bum&iexcl;&shy;&quot;
 Laura halted her sharply.
 &quot;Kyla! That's quite enough young lady!&quot;
 Kyla rolled her eyes.
 &quot;Mom, get a grip! I'm just joking!&quot;
 Sheik Rashid had a partial truth of his own to dispense.
 &quot;I'm sure that your daughter Cheryl can tell you all about what truly
  happens in my country.&quot;
 &quot;Yeah, mom. Do you think that the Sheik's some kind of animal or that
  I'm stupid enough to insult him?&quot; 
 Laura was huffy.
 &quot;I don't think that sort of talk is suitable for the dinner table, young
  woman. Keep a civil tongue in your head.&quot;
 Kyla winked at the bemused Sheik as she lovingly needled her mom on a sensitive
  spot.
 &quot;Listen to her! I asked for a mom and got a granny instead!&quot;
 Age sensitive Laura looked stung. Before she could say anything, Sheik Rashid
  held up his hand commandingly and provided a much-needed diversion.
 &quot;Ladies! Ladies! So much that you have heard is simply not true! You've
  probably heard that we don't drink alcohol and yet here's a bottle of the very
  finest champagne! We Arabs are hardly savages.&quot;
 He gestured grandly around them at the plush drapes, the fine linen, the
  opulent hand crafted furniture, the expensive silverware, the delicate china
  plates, the parchment menus and the waiters in their elegant tailored outfits.
  The sommelier poured the amber bubbly into three crystal champagne flutes.
  Rashid raised his slim flute up high.
 &quot;A toast to Cheryl, who is responsible for introducing you to an adventure
  that only the oil wealth of the Middle East could provide!&quot;
 Laura and Kyla raised their champagne flutes. They tapped their flutes delicately
  together. The Waterford crystal clinked musically.
 &quot;To Cheryl!&quot;
 &quot;To Cheryl!&quot;
 &quot;To Cheryl!&quot;
 While this civilized tableau was being enacted, Cheryl and her two friends
  were sweating their way through adventures 'that only the oil wealth of the
  Middle East could provide'.
 Naked on her knees in the grip of morning sickness, Cheryl puked long and
  hard on the beautiful inlaid ceramic floor. Wartface, the presumed father of
  her child, affected a deep concern for his unborn offspring (Cheryl was already
  thinking of it as Wartface Junior). He spoke sternly to the gravid beauty as
  she hunched over, dug deep and practically tossed up her toenails. 
 &quot;You must lick up every drop of vomit from the floor. Remember, you
  are eating for two!&quot;
 Cheryl began trying to choke it down, although her rebellious stomach was
  making this a challenging task. The smooth ceramic tiles felt cool against
  her tongue, but working her vomit out from the grout between the tiles was
  a raspy experience.
 After she had licked up every drop, she squatted down, impaled herself on
  his thickly veined pork sword and began to perform fucksquats. 
 &quot;Just because a whore is pregnant doesn't mean that she can stop fucking.
  It's important to keep your passage lubricated and stretched for a smooth delivery.&quot;
 Elsewhere and with visible reluctance, Brandi stepped nude into the shit
  pit; a deep steaming swimming pool filled with a nauseating mixture of warm
  feces and hot urine. Large fat flies buzzed lazily over the surface. Brandi
  grimaced and swatted them away as they tried to settle on her naked flesh. 
 Impatient with her speed, Achmed the Shitfucker touched an electric prod
  to her bare butt. Brandi shrieked shrilly. Her arms windmilled wildly as she
  slipped and almost fell. Recovering her balance, she waded carefully towards
  the deep end of the pool. The warm mixture covered her knees and worked queasily
  between her bare toes. Brandi waded deeper and deeper. She sobbed as the level
  slowly rose to her waist and she felt the piss-shit mixture seep into her cunt. 
 Then came the hard part. 
 Achmed tossed her a snorkel. Knowing that if she didn't do it he would fry
  her ass with the electric prod and hold her head under in the shit pit until
  she choked, she put it into her mouth. The stench was unbearable. Breathing
  shallowly, she waded slowly ever deeper, feeling the rancid filth creeping
  higher and higher over her sensitive stomach. She shuddered when the muddy
  feculent mixture touched the bottoms of her bobbing breasts. It soon rose to
  the level of her tightly shrivelled nipples and then covered them completely. 
 Finally she screwed her eyes tightly shut and the mixture closed over her
  head. It soaked her hair and trickled creepily into her ear holes. She breathed
  noisily through the snorkel. 
 Thoughtfully, Achmed walked along a grid set over the fetid pool and peed
  into her snorkel. The camera crew laughed as Brandi rocketed to the surface,
  choking and sobbing.
 She floundered her way out of the pool, dripping reeking feculence. Achmed
  sat naked awaiting her, his pole erect and dripping. A thoroughly degraded
  female, Brandi lowered herself and, like Cheryl, she too began performing Kyla's
  favourite exercise, the fucksquat.
 Somehow, she didn't bring quite the same joy to it.
 The third student of Middle Eastern torment, Melody, gasped and clamped her
  hands over her bare breasts as the voltage hit her. It felt like a hard punch
  to the chest. She hunched over and continued to run the long gauntlet of electric
  prods wielded by the grinning Hounds of Allah Rape Squad. Lined up in two rows,
  Melody squealed like a slaughterhouse pig as she scurried between them.
 The next guy went straight for the genitals. Melody shrieked, leapt like
  a gazelle and clamped both hands over her cunt as she hurried forward.
 The electric prods sizzled and cracked wickedly as Melody screamed her way
  towards the priapic Dr. Li, her goal at the end of the gauntlet. The brutal
  prodding only stopped when she hurriedly wrapped her cunt around Dr. Li's ever-ready
  member and began performing fucksquats.
 Cheryl, Brandi and Melody all ended up performing Kyla's favourite exercise,
  the fucksquat. Although they each put in a polished, very well-practised performance,
  they sadly lacked her flair and enthusiasm. 
 Chapter 19 - Some Fresh Meat Goes into the Grinder

 It was the last day of school and lovely Kyla was upset. She stood at the
  office, waiting for her appointment with the principal. Kyla hadn't done very
  well in the last semester. She did superbly with male teachers, but unfortunately
  had received all female teachers for the last semester. Her marks had plummeted.
  She had repeatedly requested a change of teacher and each time got even worse
  female ones. She suspected that Candance, the school secretary, had something
  to do with that.
 She was right. Her rival Charlene had maliciously bribed Candance into making
  sure that Kyla's schedule contained only female teachers. When Kyla wanted
  a schedule change, Candance asked Charlene about it and rich bitch Charlene
  was happy to slip her a few more bucks to make sure that Kyla was assigned
  someone like Miss McGinty, a heavyset ex-marine drill sergeant, keeping her
  firmly with an unsympathetic all-female teaching regime.
 Kyla stared at Candance who stared back at her with bland innocence.
 &quot;Hey, Candy! I hear that you have a lot to do with deciding a student's
  schedule.&quot;
 Stifling a fear that she had been found out, twenty-four year old Candance
  coolly studied the insolent eighteen year old with her green eyes.
 &quot;My name is Candance and the computer decides the schedule.&quot;
 Kyla was breezily insolent.
 &quot;Whatever, Candy. My computer nerd friends say that computers only do
  what people tell them to. You tell it what to do, so coming up with only female
  teachers is your fault.&quot;
 Kyla actually wasn't too sure of this technical stuff, but she watched Candance
  carefully to see how she reacted to the accusation. Candance's green eyes shifted
  guiltily as she replied.
 &quot;I repeat, the computer decides based on its programming. I don't program
  it. I just feed it your course requests.&quot;
 Candance decided that the best defence was a good offence.
 &quot;What's wrong with female teachers? Aren't you smart enough to understand
  what they're saying?&quot;
 Abandoning any pretence of tact, Kyla released her inner bitch.
 &quot;Bad things can happen to smart-asses, Candy. Somebody might sprinkle
  itching powder into the spare bra and panties that you probably carry in that
  gym bag. They could drop some sharp tacks into your boots on the mat there
  for an ouch-y surprise when you take off those high heels and pull on your
  boots to go home. They could squirt water on the back of your dress, aiming
  exactly for where you can't see it. When you walk down the hallway everybody
  will think you've peed your panties. Better yet, someone could squirt some
  pig's blood down the back of your dress so it looks like you're having a really
  bad period and are too stupid to stopper it up properly.&quot;
 Candance scowled.
 &quot;Did anyone ever tell you that you're an unpleasant child?&quot;
 Kyla wasn't done.
 &quot;And you're a short little runt. How tall are you? Five foot four? Just
  barely tall enough to stare me in the tits.&quot;
 She eyed Candance's bosom and laughed derisively.
 &quot;36C is my guess if they're real and not padded. Well, I'm a D cup myself
  and not a piddling 36 either. And that hair! Fashion tip, Candy: if you're
  going to dye your hair, blond beats brunette.&quot;
 The principal opened his office door and poked his head out. Instantly, Kyla
  favoured him with a radiant smile of cloying sweetness. She adopted a sugary
  little-girl voice. 
 &quot;Mr. Houseman, sir? I think that there's been a serious error with my
  marks.&quot;
 Mr. Houseman looked at the young beauty indulgently.
 &quot;These stupid computers are always making mistakes. It's the curse of
  the age! I know that you're a good student, Kyla. Come in to my office and
  let's see what we can do to straighten it out.&quot;
 Behind his back, Kyla shot Candance a self-satisfied smirk and surreptitiously
  flipped her the bird. She sauntered confidently into the principal's office
  to wrap Mr. Houseman around her little finger. Candance was glad that it was
  the last day of school and that she would be moving to a much more interesting
  and very well-paying summer job. Putting up with snotty teen queens like Kyla
  was getting a bit wearing and all those threats were vaguely worrisome.
 She moved her gym bag and boots to behind the counter where she could keep
  a better eye on them and felt the back of her dress for dampness. To her relief,
  it was dry. She picked up her gleaming patent leather high-heeled boots, looked
  inside, turned them upside down and shook them. No tacks fell out. Relieved,
  Candance felt that her problems with Kyla were over. 
 She was, of course, sadly mistaken.
 * * * * * * * * * * 
 The next day was the beginning of summer vacation. On board Sheik Rashid's
  private jet, Ilsa primly pulled down the woman's slacks and panties just enough
  to bare her bum. Then she set to work.
 Her bound victim moaned through her ring gag as Ilsa picked up a thick hardwood
  paddle and positioned herself carefully. The ring gag was an O made of stainless
  steel, held in place inside her mouth behind her teeth, selected for maximum
  size to open her jaws achingly wide. A thick leather strap attached to either
  side of the O bit into the sides of her mouth and buckled behind her head,
  holding the gag in position. The ring gag discouraged backchat while facilitating
  the emission of crystal clear screams and, as occasion required, projectile
  vomiting. It also forced a victim to drool continuously. This was no problem.
  Ilsa had no objection to a victim looking and feeling like a helpless dribbling
  idiot. 
 The woman's beautifully rounded, lily-white butt cheeks twitched and tightened,
  dimpling nicely with each loud smacking kiss of the hardwood paddle. The hardwood
  paddle was narrow. That, combined with the convex curve of its surface, concentrated
  the force of its blows perfectly and painfully on quivering, perfectly rounded
  ass globes. Hands bound over her head; the bare bummed beauty was stretched
  out and strapped firmly in place facedown on a narrow, studded leather spanking
  table. She grunted with each stroke. Her jerking bare butt cheeks turned a
  deeper shade of red with each crisp slap of the paddle on her shapely derriere.
 The paddling was skilfully done. The angle and placement of the strokes on
  her bouncing, clenching ass globes was varied constantly, shellacking the three
  muscles of her naked buttocks with a brutal equality. As the paddling progressed
  and the deep bruising began, the woman began to jerk violently, arching up
  against the restraining straps with each stroke, screaming shrilly out of the
  ring gag. Sweat stains appeared on her silk blouse around each armpit and over
  the small of her back as she strained mightily against the creaking leather
  straps with each flaming kiss of the hardwood paddle. 
 When her victim's ass globes were burning a deep dark red all over, Ilsa
  stopped. She rested her palm on her victim's backside. The smoothly rounded,
  unbroken skin was swollen and feverishly hot to the touch.
 Delicately, she pulled the woman's elegant white silk panties back up, so
  that her burning bum was covered. She pulled the woman's form-fitting tailor
  made slacks back up to her waist so that she was decent once more.
 Ilsa grabbed a fistful of the woman's chestnut hair and pulled her carefully
  made up, albeit tearstained, face from the table.
 &quot;That was lesson number one. Lesson number two begins immediately.&quot; 
 Ilsa took a red rubber feeding tube from the adjacent table and rammed it
  into the woman's nostril, pushing more and more of the feeding tube into her
  nose. The woman gagged when the tube touched the back of her throat. Ilsa withdrew
  the tube slightly and then forced it in again, making her victim retch violently.
  The woman in the expensive navy blue business suit hadn't eaten in a while.
  Nevertheless, a small quantity of bitter green vomit burned up her throat,
  sprayed from the ring gag and dribbled down her chin.
 Against her every desire, the frantically resisting woman felt the rubber
  tube slide past the back of her tongue and down her throat, and knew it was
  in her esophagus. Ilsa poured a huge quantity of warm strong coffee down the
  feeding tube. The woman felt her stomach expand queasily until it was unpleasantly
  full.
 &quot;Lesson number two is an exercise in bladder control.&quot;
 Sheik Rashid had been watching the woman's contorted, wild-eyed face intently,
  studying her reactions with interest, savouring every gasp and whimper. He
  laughed and applauded.
 &quot;Excellent work, Ilsa! I know how hard it is to be a Master. The Dominant
  One has to do the lion's share of the work thinking up things to amuse and
  entertain. There's a lot of pressure to always be coming up with new tricks.
  The victim has the easy part. All she has to do is react! I can tell from the
  look in her eyes that this insolent TV reporter knows that no matter how hard
  she resists, you have engineered it so that she will soon be peeing in her
  panties while everybody watches and the cameras record her humiliation for
  posterity.&quot; 
 Gratified at this recognition of her expertise and effort, Ilsa thoughtfully
  made sure that one camera was focussed on her victim's pink sweating face and
  that another could get a good crotch shot between her victim's slightly spread
  legs. 
 Elsewhere, Laura roared up to her house in a soon-to-be-repossessed red sports
  car, squealing to a stop and raising a cloud of dust. She pounded the padded
  steering wheel in frustration, upset at having missed the limo. Laura could
  have sworn that the other drivers had been deliberately blocking her small
  sports car from getting back in time by forcing her to miss her exit from the
  freeway. As a result, she had to go far out of her way, hence her lateness.
  It was almost like it was a plot to separate her from Kyla. 
 She went to the kitchen and read Kyla's note telling her tardy mom not to
  have a cow, but that the limo had left already. It had picked up Kyla who had
  left a snarky little message advising her 'venerable ancestor' that another
  limo would be sent for her when she finally condescended to show up, leaving
  her a telephone number to phone for a pickup. 
 Identical in many ways, Laura and Kyla had been brought up in the catty,
  mean-spirited world of the beauty contest. Both mother and daughter were totally
  comfortable with mealy-mouthed hypocrisy. In their hands it was a lethal weapon.
  Intensely competitive, Laura hated the idea of her young daughter stealing
  a march on her with the Sheik. God knows she desperately needed to impress
  him. To start off by being late wasn't helping. She swallowed her frustration
  as Ilsa greeted her at the airport. 
 Ilsa ushered Laura aboard the gigantic luxury jet.
 &quot;The Sheik really likes Kyla's looks which she and Cheryl obviously
  got from you. He's talking with young Kyla right now.&quot; 
 She put a small, subtle emphasis on the 'young'. This touched a rather sensitive
  nerve in Laura who in addition to her recent humiliations, had retired from
  modelling because she felt that her full-figured good looks could no longer
  compete with the skinny 16-year-olds that were the fashion ideal. Ilsa noted
  her brief flash of discomfiture with satisfaction. The detective's report had
  been dead right. The stunning beauty was more than a bit touchy about getting
  older.
 &quot;After I give you a tour of the Sheik's jumbo jet, I'll take you to
  them.&quot;
 Laura cleared her throat impatiently.
 &quot;Um, maybe you could take me to the Sheik right now to make my apologies
  for being late.&quot;
 Ilsa was firm.
 &quot;It's important for you to know your way around the plane. The Sheik
  gets irritated if people bother him with what he regards as foolish questions
  that he thinks they should already know the answers to, like where the woman's
  restroom is.&quot;
 Seeing that Laura was about to argue further, Ilsa hastened to provide a
  small modicum of reassurance.
 &quot;It's a long flight to the Middle East. You'll have plenty of time to
  make the Sheik's acquaintance.&quot;
 Ilsa winked slyly and dangled a carrot.
 &quot;I can tell you a few things about your host that will be extremely
  helpful for you to know before you meet him, things that Kyla with her youthful
  inexperience hasn't a clue about.&quot;
 Fascinated with this useful possibility, Laura acquiesced.
 They buckled up briefly while the plane took off and then Ilsa showed Laura
  some of the many wonders of the huge jumbo jet, where everything was and how
  to get around. Well, almost everything. If pretty Laura had been a bit better
  with the mental imaging, she would have realised that a few soundproofed rooms
  were missing from Ilsa's overview. For example, a room in which an insolent
  TV reporter was learning lesson number three from Gretchen while strapped firmly
  in a barber's chair. 
 There are two things that all people who appear regularly in front of the
  TV cameras always possess: pride and dignity. Lesson number three was about
  a losing struggle to maintain dignity in front of the cameras filming her.
  It was extremely difficult for the insolent reporter to retain any semblance
  of either pride or dignity while sitting in a sweat-stained blouse on a deeply
  bruised bum with a huge pee stain at the crotch of her slacks and drooling
  out of her ring gag. Not that lesson one, being publicly spanked on her bare
  bum, or lesson two, peeing in her panties while everyone watched, had done
  much for her self-esteem.
 Television personalities are often picked for their photogenic good looks
  so there was a certain peacock pride in her personal appearance to be dealt
  with. Using a small wet sponge, Gretchen scrubbed vigorously to remove every
  trace of the reporter's make-up, robbing her pale face of every iota of colour
  as she wiped away mascara, blush and lipstick. She mimicked a fashion consultant.
 &quot;We're trying for the total billiard ball look.&quot; 
    
  Saying which, Gretchen picked up an electric shaver and sheared her victim
  like a sheep. Chestnut hair fell in huge clumps as it was shaved from her head.
  The insolent TV reporter's eyes were drawn automatically to the TV monitor
  where she could only stare in shocked horror at the stubble that was all that
  remained of her once glorious chestnut mane.
 Gretchen lathered up her scalp, working the lather into her stubble with
  her fingers. She held the straight razor on front of the insolent TV reporter's
  despairing eyes. 
 &quot;Hold very still. The blade is extremely sharp. I wouldn't want to cut
  your jugular by mistake!&quot;
 The reporter froze in her seat. She took deep breaths, not uttering a peep
  as Gretchen painstakingly razored every hair from her head. It was a close
  shave that made her scalp burn. Gretchen lathered up each eyebrow and smoothly
  sliced it off.
 &quot;What beautiful long eyelashes you have!&quot;
 Gretchen picked up a pair of tweezers. 
 &quot;Hold still again. You wouldn't want to lose an eye.&quot;
 Gripping the eyelashes in small clumps, she jerked them out with the joy
  of a child sadistically pulling the wings from a fly. 
 Some challenges are definitely uphill work. The TV reporter took a horrified
  look at the bald pasty-faced clown staring back at her from the monitor and
  burst into tears, bawling like a baby. 
 Ilsa was open, friendly and enthusiastic as she showed Laura the many facilities
  and features of the plane: the greenhouse, the fountains, some delicious samples
  of the superb cuisine and the party room. Laura was amazed. 
 Ilsa inspected Laura's prim form-fitting tailor-made outfit and gave her
  a sly look.
 &quot;That outfit is good enough for the street, but I think you should know.
  Young Kyla changed once she got on the plane and is dressed rather daringly.
  You remember that see-through outfit that she purchased at the store? The naughty
  little minx is wearing it as we speak.&quot;
 Ilsa saw Laura's eyes narrow in a competitive way that warmed the cockles
  of her crotch. She adopted a confidential, conspiratorial air.
 &quot;You know what the Sheik really likes? It takes a woman of experience
  and poise to bring it off.&quot;
 Ilsa was gratified to see that she had captured Laura's attention completely.
 &quot;He likes the Bondage Babe look. You know those outfits that are all
  leather straps? Wear one of those with spike-heeled ankle boots. He likes experienced,
  knowledgeable women who are very naughty indeed.&quot;
 Ilsa winked slyly at her.
 &quot;It's no coincidence that I have one&iexcl;&shy; if you're interested.
  It's all straps so it's adjustable to any figure. Wearing that, I'm sure that
  you can beat out a teenager no matter how much she bats her eyes, jiggles her
  tits and flashes him a bit of nipple. Want to show up your young daughter and
  show the Sheik what a real woman is like, a woman of experience and sexual
  sophistication, the sort of woman he craves?&quot; 
 Ilsa nudged her coyly.
 &quot;If you're willing to wear this little outfit, I think that I can get
  your daughter out of the way so you can have some one-on-one time with the
  Sheik. How about it?&quot; 
 Laura was very interested indeed. 
 In the meantime, Sheik Rashid chatted amiably with young Kyla, who was doing
  her very best to seem a woman of the world who hobnobbed with men of wealth
  on a daily basis. 
 He had brought up a topic all teenagers can relate to. Eighteen-year-old
  Kyla vigorously trashed all her teachers at high school with catty viciousness. 
 While Kyla dumped on all her teachers, Sheik Rashid eyed her semi-transparent
  clinging dress appreciatively. It definitely revealed more than it concealed.
  Going bra-less gave her lots of jiggle and showed off her large nipples. Especially
  when backlit, her tight cuntlips and aureolae were clearly visible, pressing
  firmly against the fine body-hugging material. From the way she positioned
  her torso in profile and spread her legs as she turned to face him, he was
  certain that the sly little minx knew all about backlighting. 
 It was definitely time to move the conversation to more intimate topics.
 &quot;I'm always interested in how young people think. I have a rather risqu&uml;&brvbar; joke
  to tell about your playwright George Bernard Shaw.&quot;
 Kyla's big blue eyes flashed provocatively.
 &quot;Fire away!&quot;
 Rashid looked deep into her big blue eyes and arched an eyebrow roguishly.
 &quot;He was sitting at a dinner party next to a very prim and proper English
  Lady. He turned to her and asked 'would you sleep with a man for 10 million
  dollars'?&quot; 
 Kyla smiled radiantly. This was her sort of joke all right.
 &quot;The prim English Lady says 'of course'!&quot;
 The Sheik winked at Kyla.
 &quot;Then he asked 'would you do it for fifty cents'?&quot;
 The Sheik spread his hands dramatically.
 &quot;The Lady was outraged and indignant as she replied 'of course not!
  What do you think I am?'&quot;
  Sheik Rashid smiled urbanely.
 &quot;To which Mr. Shaw replied: 'we've already established what you are.
  We are merely negotiating the price!'&quot;
 Kyla snickered appreciatively. She liked the way this conversation was going.
  She gripped his arm briefly as she bent over in laughter, playing a little
  touchy-feely to push things along.
 &quot;Good one! All good-looking women are whores. The rest are jealous because
  they have nothing to offer!&quot;
 Sheik Rashid poked her playfully in the ribs. 
 &quot;Surely beautiful women are like rare jewels and the rest are lumps
  of coal.&quot;
 &quot;Very true! There are whole truckloads of coal out there! Us rare jewels
  command top dollar.&quot;
 &quot;What do you mean by 'trucks', there are whole trainloads and super-tankers
  full of cheap coal out there!&quot;
 They both had a good chuckle. No matter how hard Sheik Rashid squeezed a
  piece of coal; it never turned into a diamond. However, he did like squeezing
  the diamonds. He squeezed Kyla's upper arm gently. 
 &quot;I notice that your ears and bellybutton are pierced. Have you thought
  of doing anything more? A tongue stud, nipple rings, tattoos?&quot;
 Self-absorbed Kyla was always happy to talk about herself. 
 &quot;Eeeewwww! Those are for really trampy sluts! I know a few girls at
  school who are into body piercing and it sucks bigtime. They're just trying
  to do something interesting to attract attention to themselves because they
  don't have great bodies. Those tongue studs make them sound like total retards
  when they talk! They're supposed to be good for BJs, but that just does stuff
  for the guy, not for me! And don't even mention tattoos. The same ugly sluts
  have them for the same reason. A fashion model can't afford to have her body
  marked up that way.&quot;
 Kyla smiled perkily.
 &quot;Did I mention that I'm a fashion model?&quot;
 In another room, Ilsa was showing Laura her leather strap outfit.
 &quot;It's brand new! Never been used before! I'll help you put it on.&quot;
 Laura laughed. 
 &quot;I've worn more revealing things on the fashion runway. It can't do
  any harm to try it on. If it doesn't work for me, we'll just pick something
  else to make my grand entrance in!&quot;
 Laura stripped with the shameless insouciance of a high fashion model who,
  as a matter of routine, has exhibited her most intimate body parts to large
  audiences with the cameras zooming in for close-ups of a turgid nipple or a
  nicely dimpled derriere. When she was gloriously naked, she pirouetted gracefully
  for Ilsa.
 &quot;Not bad for an old broad, eh?&quot;
 Ilsa inspected Laura's nicely tanned body from her high-cheekboned, heartbreakingly
  lovely face with big blue eyes and fine blond hair right down to her perfect
  little toes. Large breasts with no trace of sag, big red perfectly shaped nipples,
  a flat belly, tight buns, a smooth shaven pussy and the long elegant legs all
  made a delightful package. 
 &quot;Lady, you've got 99.9999% of the female population beaten senseless!
  They couldn't compete!&quot;
 Pleased, Laura sat down, parked her bare bum on a well-padded chair, pointed
  her toes prettily, pulled on the spike heeled black ankle boots and laced them
  up. The heels were so high that she was practically walking on tiptoe, but
  Laura had been balancing in spike heels most of her working life so this was
  no new challenge. The difference between high fashion and complete sluttiness
  has always been a very fine line indeed. She stood up and sauntered about sexily,
  looking like a very high-priced call girl. 
 Ilsa explained how the straps fit onto the naked female torso.
 &quot;The thicker strap down the back is the 'backbone' that holds it all
  together. So we start off by hanging that down your back while we buckle up
  the leather collar at the top that holds it in place. It's a nice thick collar
  that forces you to hold your chin up and present your torso nicely. I'll buckle
  it up so that it's snug, but doesn't cut off too much blood to the brain. We
  wouldn't want you passing out!&quot; 
 Laura laughed agreeably.
 &quot;We wouldn't want that. I got dizzy and fell down on a runway in Milan
  once when a dresser fastened a bow tie around my throat too tightly. I felt
  like a complete idiot and the rankest of rank amateurs.&quot;
    
&quot;The thick studded belt around your waist has to be cinched pretty tight,
so you'll have to keep your belly sucked in.&quot;
 &quot;No problem! I work out at the gym three times a week to keep my girlish
  figure.&quot;
 It was a pleasure dealing with someone who was experienced at handling the
  daring and discomfort of a serious female fashion statement. Ilsa slid the
  waist belt down, adjusting its position on the 'backbone' until it was at the
  slimmest point of Laura's waist and pulled it tight. A deep breath was now
  out of the question, so Laura breathed in shallow pants.
 &quot;This strap goes over your breasts. There's a small clip inside each
  of these round metal covers that slide along it to cover your nipples. The
  clips snap onto your teats. They serve the dual purpose of covering up those
  yummy big nipples of yours and preventing the strap from popping loose.&quot;
 Ilsa smiled pleasantly.
 &quot;You should clip them on yourself. There's a small screw on each clip
  so that you can tighten it. You've got lots of jiggle so I'd recommend you
  tighten it as much as possible. If it pops loose, I guess it's a lot like falling
  down on that runway in Milan - embarrassing and not too professional.&quot;
 &quot;Whatever happened to pasties?&quot;
 &quot;The studded belt and metal covers are heavy. If we used glue strong
  enough to hold them in place you wouldn't be happy with the removal process.
  Anyway, this won't be for long. You just want to make a dynamite first impression
  and then you can slip into that delightful leather vest and leather miniskirt
  combo that you selected at the clothing store the other day. I mentioned it
  to the Sheik and he seemed interested.&quot;
 This was valuable information. 
 &quot;Oh really? Is the Sheik into leather?&quot;
 Ilsa nodded emphatically.
 &quot;As your daughter would say: bigtime!&quot;
 Laura giggled. She twisted the screw on the nipple clamps, her giggle changing
  to a grimace as she tightened them brutally to avoid embarrassment. Ilsa buckled
  up the two slim straps that encircled Laura's torso just above and just below
  her quivering titmeat. 
 The 'backbone' piece of leather tapered into a crotch strap. Ilsa threaded
  on a slim triangular piece that fit snugly into Laura's butt crack.
 &quot;This has a small anal insert to hold it in position, Laura. That's
  so it doesn't slip up and down in your butt crack along the crotch strap. I'll
  just grease it up and slip it in.&quot; 
 Laura breathed in sharply as the smoothly rounded metal rod was poked into
  her anus.
 &quot;Wow! That's what I call a rather intimate item of apparel!&quot;
 Ilsa smiled reassuringly.
 &quot;Next is the crotch cover. I think you'll rather like this. Its design
  holds it in place.&quot;
 Laura obligingly spread her legs as Ilsa slid the slim crotch cover onto
  the strap. The inside of the crotch cover was a V-shaped ridge with a line
  of beading along the top of the V that would fit into Laura's slit, parting
  her cuntlips. It had a small, soft, cunningly shaped, subtly vibrating nubbin
  protruding from one end to tickle her clit with every step.
 Ilsa threaded the crotch strap through a stainless steel loop hanging from
  the front of the waist belt. She looped the crotch strap back upon itself and
  snugged it tight. 
 Laura's big blue eyes popped open and she breathed in sharply as the lubricated
  V-shaped crotch cover burrowed into her slit. In the process, it parted and
  cupped her cuntlips. The vibrating nubbin quivered delicately against her clit.
 &quot;God! That's great!&quot;
 Ilsa smirked smugly.
 &quot;Try walking!&quot;
 The exaggerated hip swings of Laura's runway model walk meant that the superbly
  designed crotch cover massaged her cuntlips and rubbed her rapidly stiffening
  clit ecstatically with each step.
 &quot;I'm not too keen on the nipple clips. It feels like my teats are on
  fire, but the rest is exquisite! The only problem is that it's pretty distracting.
  I'm not sure that I can walk and talk at the same time!&quot; 
 She looked down at the waist belt curiously.
 &quot;What are these metal rings on each side used for?&quot;
 Ilsa grinned.
 &quot;The handcuffs. It's part of the Total Look. Want to try it?&quot;
 Laura was bold.
 &quot;If it's part of the Total Look, I guess I have to! I'm a sucker for
  an extreme fashion statement! The more outrageous the better!&quot; 
 Ilsa nodded approvingly as she produced two pairs of handcuffs.
 &quot;It really completes the Bondage Babe theme. The Sheik's going to love
  this!&quot;
 Ilsa cuffed Laura's wrists to her sides. She snapped one cuff snugly around
  Laura's right wrist and the other cuff to the belt ring on her right side.
  She did the same with the other pair of handcuffs, cuffing her left wrist to
  her left belt ring. 
 Laura turned in front of the full-length mirror, inspecting herself critically.
  She looked the perfect Bondage Bitch.
 &quot;Are you sure that it's not too much?&quot;
 &quot;Positive! Since when does understated ever work with men? You have
  to hit them right in the gonads with something totally outrageous!&quot; 
 Laura sniggered.
 &quot;Too true!&quot;
 Ilsa dangled a huge carrot.
 &quot;The Sheik gives huge bonuses at the end of the month for women that
  please him. The sum I mentioned earlier is just the base salary. We're talking
  about being rewarded with real diamonds the size of walnuts. You'll be set
  up for life, no matter how extravagant your lifestyle.&quot;
 Laura's beautiful blue eyes gleamed with greed. 
 &quot;I have to warn you that the Sheik is an extremely demanding master.&quot;
 Like her daughter, Laura could fuck like a mink. She spoke confidently.
 &quot;Don't worry. I've satisfied some of the fiercest horndogs ever born.&quot;
 Ilsa smirked smugly.
 &quot;Then wait here a second! I'll cut the Teen Angel out of the picture
  to make way for a real woman!&quot;
 Ilsa entered the party room and approached the Sheik and Kyla, smiling brightly.
 &quot;Sheik Rashid! You asked me to remind you about the video conference
  with some of your OPEC colleagues.&quot;
 A fountain suddenly splashed to life next to them. Kyla stared in fascination
  at the splashing, burbling, splendorous fountain carefully backlit to produce
  a multitude of miniature rainbows shimmering prettily in the spray. With Kyla's
  attention briefly diverted, Ilsa slipped the Sheik a sly wink. Rashid grinned
  and turned to Kyla.
 &quot;It seems that I have a most important meeting and must, alas, leave
  you temporarily. Have you considered the offer Ilsa mentioned to you about
  a position as a 'companion'?&quot;
 Kyla's blue eyes narrowed to greedy slits.
 &quot;I have no problem with accepting that sort of offer.&quot;
 Rashid laughed delightedly and turned to Ilsa.
 &quot;Perhaps you would care to earn a generous advance by posing for some
  nude, lewd and rude photos while I attend the meeting and then talk with your
  mother.&quot;
 Kyla looked a little concerned.
 &quot;Um. You wouldn't show these pictures to my mother, would you?&quot;
 &quot;The pictures are for my own enjoyment, not your mother's.&quot; 
 Kyla accepted this slightly ambiguous response, not realizing that the Sheik's
  enjoyment of nude pictures might include showing them to her mother and enjoying
  her reaction as well. She had another concern.
 &quot;If I totally accept your offer to be a 'companion', and I'm strongly
  tempted, there's a small problem called 'mom'. How do we get her out of the
  picture while I service you?&quot; 
 &quot;I'll tell your mother that you and Cheryl are going off on an adventurous
  tour together and have my servants amuse her while you amuse me!&quot;
 Kyla brought a teenager's expertise in conning adults (especially darkly
  suspicious mothers) to bear on this trifling problem. 
 &quot;Mom hates the sun. She claims it ages her skin and gives her wrinkles.
  Tell her we're going to see camel races in the dusty, blazing desert sun.&quot;
 Rashid smiled happily. 
 &quot;Agreed! Ilsa, show her the diamonds for the pictures. Kyla, if I'm
  satisfied with the result, then I'll get your mom out of the way and you can
  become my 'companion' for a month. After you show her the diamonds, Ilsa, introduce
  her to my photographer. Gretchen is world famous for her sexually sophisticated
  nude portraits.&quot;
 Kyla smirked lewdly.
 &quot;You won't regret this.&quot;
 Sheik Rashid was a gallant horndog.
 &quot;I only regret missed opportunities and this one is too good to pass
  up!&quot;
 In another part of the plane, Gretchen had moved to teaching the insolent
  TV reporter lesson number four. Sliding wildly down the slippery slope to total
  degradation, the insolent reporter stank of sweat, piss and vomit. The ring
  gag kept her mouth propped wide open so that she was drooling steadily onto
  her blouse and gaping like a particularly vapid fish. The badly shaken female
  stood before Gretchen, still fully dressed with her wrists bound behind her
  and her dainty ankles strapped together. Gretchen unbuttoned the bald babe's
  expensive form-fitting white silk blouse and opened it wide to reveal the white
  bra underneath. She flourished the straight razor. The insolent reporter eyed
  it apprehensively.
 &quot;Remember this?&quot;
 The bald reporter nodded nervously. How could she forget?
 &quot;It has other uses than making your head as smooth as a billiard ball.&quot;
 Gretchen slipped the razor under each bra strap and sliced upwards.
 Gretchen grinned as she pulled up on the blouse, untucking it all around.
  The reporter shivered as she felt the smooth silk brush against her bare skin
  as her sweat-stained blouse slid out from the waistband of her pee-stained
  slacks. Gretchen reached up the back of the bitch's blouse and unhooked her
  bra.
 &quot;Let's see what you have to offer.&quot;
 She held the tit warmed bra in her hands and admired the insolent reporter's
  full, ripe breasts. Pale pink, slightly upturned nipples that were almost the
  same colour as the surrounding skin slowly hardened in the cool, air-conditioned
  air of the plane. Gretchen approved.
 &quot;Perfect! It will make lesson number four so much easier to teach.&quot;
 Gretchen picked up a remote control and pressed a button. The reporter raised
  her big brown eyes upwards as an electric motor hummed overhead. Two small
  nooses lowered from the ceiling and stopped, dangling suggestively in front
  of her bare breasts. 
 She whimpered as Gretchen noosed the base of each breast. She squealed as
  Gretchen snugged each noose brutally tight and pressed another button on the
  remote. The powerful motor purred smoothly and the nooses pulled upwards.
 Her tits were cinched even tighter as she was slowly, relentlessly pulled
  upwards by her tightly stretched breasts. The heels of her shiny black high
  heels left the floor and Gretchen stopped the motor.
 The insolent reporter's big brown eyes bulged as she pranced like a ballerina
  on the very tips of her toes trying to get up as high as she could to ease
  the relentless pressure on her burning chest. It felt like her obscenely bulging
  breasts were tearing inside, slowly ripping away from her sweating torso. Her
  tits turned an ever-deepening shade of purple. Her nipples grew obscenely huge
  as her tightly squeezed breasts ballooned.
 Gretchen waited for her to stretch in a bit. The pink-faced reporter was
  sobbing continuously. A stream of snot dribbled stickily from her nostrils
  and disappeared into her gaping mouth. When it looked like her heels were about
  to touch the ground again, Gretchen cranked her up a notch. 
 Gretchen squatted down and felt the insolent reporter's calves through the
  expensive clinging fabric of her slacks, trembling as they strained to lift
  her as high as possible and ease the tearing pain in her breasts, which bulged
  like they were about to burst. Gretchen ran her hand appreciatively up the
  woman's tight thighs.
 &quot;You have good legs. You shouldn't cover them up.&quot;
 Gretchen grinned into the woman's pleading, pain-filled eyes.
 &quot;Perhaps I'll give you a chance to remove your urine soaked slacks and
  panties so that you can spread your kegs and show everyone the goodies.&quot;
 The insolent reporter winced as Gretchen patted her burning bum, still feeling
  the heat of her recent spanking through the seat of her slacks. Gretchen had
  some helpful advice.
    
&quot;You shouldn't scrunch up your face like that. You'll give yourself wrinkles.&quot;
 Gretchen sniggered.
 &quot;On the other hand, I guess a few wrinkles won't matter much. Once your
  tits finish stretching and tearing internally, they'll hang down to your waist
  like two empty flour sacks.&quot;
 It would take a while for lesson number four to be fully learned. The insolent
  reporter groaned as Gretchen squeezed her aching ass globes and let her know
  a bit of her future so she could think about it while her ballooning tits stretched,
  turned purple and tore agonizingly. 
 &quot;Lesson number five involves removing your teeth. That makes your face
  fall in like an old woman's.&quot; 
 As the insolent reporter's face crumpled in utter despair, Gretchen studied
  her text messaging cell phone, which had vibrated quietly, summoning her elsewhere.
 &quot;Well, I've got to go. You concentrate on learning lesson number four
  and think about how you'll handle lesson number five. Some life lessons can't
  be repeated so you have to get everything out of them the first time.&quot;
 Gretchen looked concerned for her snuffling, sobbing victim.
 &quot;I hope for your sake that we don't hit any air pockets or turbulence.
  Your tits could be ripped right off your chest.&quot; 
 The insolent reporter wailed forlornly as Mistress Gretchen left her alone
  with the security cameras, which recorded her suffering with a cold impersonal
  eye. 
 The insolent reporter felt that when it came to being stripped of all dignity
  and self-respect, it could get no worse than this.
 She was instantly disabused of this absurdly optimistic notion.
 Two of the Sheik's heavyset Nubian guards entered the room. The insolent
  reporter whimpered pleadingly as her pants and panties were lowered. Her bruised
  burning butt cheeks were parted. A thick greased penile intruder began worming
  its way into her bruised, aching rectum.
 While she was attempting to wrap her mind around the agonising anal rape,
  the strap binding her slim ankles together was unbuckled. Her thighs were parted
  until her knees were stretching her pee-stained panties tightly between them.
  This exposed her genitals without allowing her the freedom required to wrap
  her legs around her attacker to ease the burden on her tearing breasts as she
  bounced up and down helplessly. The Nubian in front began a painful unlubricated
  vaginal rape with his massive black member.
 Crushed between the two massive black brutes, her burning holes stretched
  agonisingly and her tits feeling like they were being blowtorched from her
  chest, the insolent reporter began to scream high and hard. The ass-raping
  Nubian grinned.
 &quot;I can hardly wait to see what The Surgeon does to her.&quot;
 The cunt-raping Nubian nodded amiably.
 &quot;Yeah, after he gets done operating, even her own mother won't recognise
  her.&quot;
 As her vocal cords tore, the shrieking insolent reporter was forced to the
  realisation that, when it came to being stripped of dignity and self-respect,
  she still had a long downhill journey remaining. 
 Sheik Rashid's Vengeance
 Chapter 20 - Bondage Babes
 Mistress Gretchen in her dual role of nude photographer/meat keeper was happy
  to be introduced to young Kyla. 
 &quot;Hi! I'm Gretchen! I guess our job is to make sure that the Sheik gets
  his money's worth of nude, sexually sophisticated pictures. He's paying you
  a lot, so he expects a lot from you!&quot;
 Gretchen pretended to wipe sweat from her brow.
 &quot;Whew! No pressure there!&quot; 
 Kyla nodded uneasily. It was a huge sum in diamonds, but the smug teenage
  beauty queen was certain that she was worth every carat. Gretchen worked to
  get true commitment from the na?ve young beauty.
 &quot;It's not too late to back out. The Sheik demands sophisticated and
  very explicit sexuality from his women. He's looking for a lot more than is
  involved in putting out for the captain of the high school football team in
  the back seat of a Chevy.&quot;
 Disconcerted, Kyla laughed uncertainly. Mistaking the source of this information,
  she wondered how much her mother had blabbed about her.
 &quot;I see a certain someone's told you about Buck. As I told him to his
  face, guys like him are just practise. I can do a lot more.&quot;
 She did her best to look sophisticated and knowing. 
 &quot;Um, every man's a bit different. What sort of things does the Sheik
  like?&quot;
 Since Kyla seemed to be hooked, Gretchen began to reel in her fish.
 &quot;The standard things: the trampy schoolgirl, the naughty nurse, the
  'respectable' businesswoman, leather bitch with boots and whip, the damsel-in-distress&iexcl;&shy; that
  sort of thing. I can guide you through it. I just want to be sure you are willing
  to do what it takes.&quot; 
 Kyla nodded decisively.
 &quot;I can do all that. No problem.&quot;
 Gretchen looked at her earnestly.
 &quot;We're talking adult sexuality, Kyla, so you do understand that there
  will be penetration with dildoes and butt plugs, playing with sex toys, that
  kind of thing. I mean everything will be warm and lubricated, so it won't be
  uncomfortable. I just want to make sure that you know what you're getting into
  and can handle it.&quot;
 Kyla nodded decisively and a bit impatiently. She was tired of being treated
  like an ignorant teenager. 
 &quot;I can handle it. Trust me. I've been penetrated before! Lots of times!&quot;
 They laughed together. Gretchen apologized.
 &quot;Sorry, but I had to be sure that you were sexually mature. Not everybody
  is.&quot;
 Kyla was glad to finally be taken seriously as an adult. Gretchen pushed
  a few folders full of photographs towards Kyla. They were labelled Rude Schoolgirl,
  Naughty Nurse, Bondage Babes, Damsels in Distress and so on. 
 &quot;Would you like to see some samples of my work?&quot;
 Gretchen was interested to see Kyla go straight for the folder labelled 'whippings'.
  She picked it up and began to thumb through it. Gretchen gave her some background
  information.
 &quot;In many Muslim countries an unfaithful wife is publicly stoned to death.
  Sheik Rashid is merciful. He has them whipped in private and quietly returned
  to their husbands. I have taken some pictures of these 'private' whippings.
  There is a small audience of officials to ensure justice is done, but it's
  nothing like the roadside whippings and public executions you see elsewhere.&quot;
 &quot;How disappointing!&quot;
 Gretchen winked slyly, one naughty girl to another.
 &quot;Of course the rules are completely different for those running the
  country. The Sheik and his buddies can do anything with impunity, which is
  why there is alcohol on the airplane here, and we females aren't exactly covered
  from head to toe. In some Muslim countries women are fined and publicly whipped
  for uncovering their ankles or talking to someone who is not their relative!
  In places like that, they can have their fingers and toes chopped off for painting
  their nails!&quot;
 Kyla's eyes opened wide as she studied the photos. Gretchen provided a helpful
  commentary.
 &quot;There is, however, a certain traditional brutal justice that his people
  expect. An unfaithful wife is treated with comparative generosity and understanding
  by Sheik Rashid. Of course, being stripped naked in front of a largely male
  audience can be a bit stressful! Being hung by her wrists with her legs spread
  wide and then whipped everywhere from the soles of her feet to her armpits
  ending with five lashes between the legs is a powerfully educational experience
  - a real encouragement to marital fidelity!&quot; 
 Self-centred Kyla gave a dirty snigger, hardly the most sympathetic of females.
 &quot;Don't tell mom about this. She's hardly been Little Miss Faithful over
  the years.&quot; 
 Gretchen looked over Kyla's shoulder at a picture of a dark haired beauty
  captured mid-scream while the whip cracked cruelly between her widespread legs.
 &quot;That woman kept saying that she hadn't cheated. She claimed that her
  husband had complained about her merely to get her whipped so that she would
  show him more respect!&quot;
 Kyla rolled her eyes and guffawed.
 &quot;It looks like complaining didn't get that stupid woman anywhere!&quot;
 Gretchen laughed.
 &quot;All it did was earn her some extra strokes. Can you guess where the
  extra strokes were applied?&quot;
 Kyla gave a dirty little snigger.
 &quot;Between the legs?&quot;
 Gretchen gave her a thumbs-up.
 &quot;Bingo!&quot;
 Kyla snickered.
 &quot;I hope she learned her lesson and made her husband a happy man.&quot;
 Gretchen smiled.
 &quot;He probably whispered in her ear that he'd have her whipped again if
  she didn't, suggesting that maybe they wouldn't be so merciful with a second
  time offender.&quot;
 Kyla giggled.
 &quot;You're probably right. Remind me not to get married in an Arab country.
  Imagine having to be a hidden away, good little wife all the time! No fun in
  that!&quot;
 Gretchen gave her a knowing look.
 &quot;There's another factor that comes into play in an Arab country.&quot;
 &quot;What's that?&quot;
 &quot;Multiple wives.&quot;
 Kyla thought about it and then sniggered as the light dawned.
 &quot;So maybe he was making an example of one so the rest would fall into
  line! I mean it makes sense. A whipping like that probably leaves permanent
  marks. Why ruin the prime pussy?&quot;
 Gretchen looked at her significantly.
 &quot;Maybe he just married her so he could make an example of her - his
  'whipping girl'.&quot;
 Kyla laughed.
 &quot;Wow! What a dumb cunt! Talk of playing her for a complete fool!&quot; 
 Kyla picked up the folder labelled 'Spankings' and opened it. The first picture
  was a close-up of the insolent reporter's face as she arched upwards, straining
  violently against the heavy leather straps of the spanking table, face contorted,
  screaming into the ring gag that her lipsticked lips were wrapped around. Kyla
  admired the way her eyes bulged and her nostrils flared. 
 &quot;I really like the way that you capture the drops of sweat trickling
  down her flushed face and the drool dribbling down her chin. That's excellent!&quot; 
 Gretchen laughed.
 &quot;She's quite the little actress, isn't she?&quot;
 Gretchen laid the bullshit on thick for her enthralled listener.
 &quot;She's a TV personality fallen on hard times so she accepts these play
  paddlings for the Sheik's amusement. She makes it look quite strenuous but
  there's no long-term damage at all. This TV hussy is utterly shameless when
  it comes to putting on a winning performance. I think that there's a picture
  of her actually peeing in her panties later on.&quot;
 Kyla found the picture near the end of the folder and giggled.
 &quot;You know, it seems to me that maybe I've seen her on the news as a
  'hard-hitting' reporter.&quot;
 &quot;It looks like the 'hard-hitting' reporter is being hit hard&iexcl;&shy; well,
  pretending to get hit hard.&quot;
 Kyla suddenly recognised the contorted, agonised face in the pictures. She
  laughed in delight.
 &quot;She's quite the hypocrite. I remember now. She was doing this whole
  series of specials on Arab abuses of power and subjection of women. Now she's
  posing as the Sheik's personal beat-me bitch!&quot;
 Gretchen was openly contemptuous.
 &quot;It's all about ratings. These well-paid TV people will say and do anything
  to get ratings and make the big bucks. Surprise! It turns out that ratings
  aren't everything. She lost her job because her anti-Arab stance didn't please
  the people who owned her network although it was big with the viewers. Guess
  who the people who owned her network were?&quot;
 Kyla laughed and made the obvious guess.
 &quot;Rich Arabs?&quot;
 &quot;Bingo! Apparently it never occurred to the dumb bunny to check. She
  just went for the crowd-pleasing obvious thing. Arabs like diversifying, investing
  in stuff other than oil. They're not stupid. They know that the oil is not
  going to last forever.&quot;
 Kyla shuffled through the glossy photos of the brutal paddling.
 &quot;Wow! These look real. Look at the way her bare bum gets a darker and
  darker red, almost purple, as the spanking progresses. Is that snot dribbling
  from her nose?&quot;
 Gretchen laughed.
 &quot;Yes. She's quite the dedicated performer, doing whatever is necessary
  to make it look real and earn her keep. These TV people are utterly shameless
  and totally amoral. I wonder how many people she fucked to get her cushy TV
  job in the first place?&quot;
 Kyla smirked.
 &quot;I suppose they put some rouge or something on the paddle so that it
  makes her bum redder and redder with every dainty little feather light stroke.&quot;
 Gretchen patted her on the back.
 &quot;Good guess, but you see what I mean when I say that the Sheik usually
  prefers older, more sexually sophisticated females. This is the sort of utterly
  depraved, very realistic performance that he really likes. Do you think that
  you can do as well?&quot;
 Kyla smirked confidently.
 &quot;If he likes really hardcore action, do you think I could start off
  as a leather bitch? I rather fancy myself with spike heeled boots and a whip.&quot;
 Gretchen nodded.
 &quot;The Sheik hires actual painsluts, real live beat-me bitches, women
  who find pain to be erotic. Maybe you'd like to make one of them scream in
  a dungeon sequence while the video cameras roll?&quot;
 Kyla had only heard of such things. It sounded very adult. She attempted
  to look totally cool.
 &quot;Masochists. I could do that if you tell me how they like to be tortured.
  As you say, it's a little different from doing Buck in his Chevy.&quot;
 Gretchen was reassuring.
 &quot;Don't worry! I'll have them thinking that you studied with the Gestapo!&quot;
 Kyla sniggered.
 &quot;Sounds like fun, at least, fun for me!&quot;
 Gretchen was reassuring.
 &quot;It's fun for the painsluts too. Don't be fooled. They're real little
  drama queens and love being the centre of attention no matter how hard they
  scream and holler! I know it sounds strange but they really get off on it!&quot; 
 Kyla nodded knowledgeably.
 &quot;I've heard about stuff like that. I guess it takes all kinds to make
  a world.&quot;
 Ilsa favoured Kyla with a Cheshire grin.
 &quot;It gets even better. The first pain pig that I supply you to work on
  will be someone you know.&quot;
 Kyla was amazed and delighted when she found out who it was.
 In another room on the plane, Laura sauntered into the Sheik's presence using
  her runway model's walk, the 'crossover', one shapely leg crossing over in
  front of the other. Boobs bouncing and hips pumping, her long sexy legs strode
  towards the Sheik with brazen impudence. She had on her most seductive smirky-bitch
  expression and stared intently at the Sheik with smoky eyes as she approached
  him.
 &quot;Laura! You are indeed a vision.&quot;
 Laura whirled professionally, showing off the revealing leather strap outfit
  from all angles. She paused dramatically right in front of him. The Sheik gave
  her bare buns a proprietary squeeze. Laura smiled radiantly and arched her
  back so that her tits pressed hard against the sole leather strap restraining
  them.
 &quot;Ilsa tells me that you are interested in being my bitch for a month.&quot;
 He saw her eyes flicker momentarily at the word 'bitch', but was gratified
  to see her accept it. Money talks most eloquently to those desperate for it.
  Looking straight into his eyes, lovely Laura slowly, sexily ran the tip of
  her tongue over her lips. She spoke huskily.
 &quot;That's right. I want to be your 'bitch' for a month, to fulfil your
  wildest desires.&quot;
 He slipped one hand between her legs from behind, cupping her upper thigh
  where it met her crotch and fondled her titmeat with the other. Laura looked
  deep into his eyes, seeming totally enchanted with being handled like a whore.
  Rashid spelled out the terms of her employment.
 &quot;You will be my sex slave for the month and as my personal piece of
  fuckmeat, you will find that I am a most demanding master. As I put you through
  your paces, you won't be seeing much of Kyla or Cheryl. I'll arrange for them
  to take wonderfully educational trips together while you spend the month stripped
  naked, showing my friends and me the goodies. You'll be spreading your legs,
  opening your holes, giving blowjobs, participating in obscene utterly depraved
  sexual performances, being handled like a piece of meat and doing what you're
  told. I'm a wealthy, arrogant man. I'm used to getting my way. I'm accustomed
  to commanding the very best. I have a lot of experience in squeezing obscenely
  intimate performances from beautiful women. Do you have a problem with any
  of this?&quot;
 This was a lot different than she had imagined. Laura was used to being in
  the driver's seat, making men leap to please her. However, the money was very
  good and she needed it badly. Her plummeting self-esteem made her ripe for
  the plucking. Laura had a strong feeling that her looks were fading and her
  time in the driver's seat was perhaps coming to an end. Being dumped had shaken
  her badly. Up to that point in time, she had always been the one doing the
  dumping, callously leaving heartbroken horndogs behind her. If she could handle
  this job with the Sheik and tough it out, she and her daughters would be set
  up for life. 
 Suddenly, Laura wanted to make as many good scores as quickly as possible.
  Maybe one big score would do it. She realized that she had been stupid to think
  that she could command a man coming from such a background of wealth and power.
  Laura had just one small concern.
 &quot;How many men do you want me to fuck? I thought it would be only you.&quot;
 Rashid was reassuring.
 &quot;You're right. I don't like sharing. As far as actual fucking goes,
  you only screw me. However, flaunting your obscenely intimate performances
  in front of others has its appeal. Do you mind putting on lots of lewd, rude
  and crude look-but-don't-touch sexual performances while others watch?&quot; 
 As intended, this sounded like it was right up her cockteasing alley. Making
  up her mind, Laura smirked.
 &quot;Not at all. I can handle it.&quot;
 The Sheik liked making things clear.
 &quot;There is discipline for slaves. You will be spanked.&quot;
 Laura smiled confidently. Spanking was for children. She had a little variant
  on Kyla's philosophy.
 &quot;You do what you must to get what you want. I want the money. I can
  handle a spanking.&quot;
 Rashid was pleased.
 &quot;Good! If you put in satisfactory performances, your contract can be
  renewed and you won't have to worry about money for a long, long time. For
  the right sort of eager-to-please sex slave there are big financial bonuses.&quot;
 While her mother was bracing herself for some tough hardcore action, young
  Kyla was preparing to dive in the deep end.
 &quot;I'm glad that this 'pain pig' that I'll be torturing is someone I know!
  It makes it so much easier because I really want to make that stuck-up cunt
  scream and whimper!&quot;
 Gretchen was warmly supportive.
 &quot;Perhaps she behaves as she does to invite abuse.&quot;
 Kyla snorted.
 &quot;There must be a lot of masochists out there if you can spot them by
  their loser behaviour!&quot; 
 This was something that Gretchen really believed.
 &quot;Truer words were never spoken. From rock concerts with music amplified
  well beyond the threshold of pain to 'Reality Television', our whole society
  is geared to exploiting the millions and millions, perhaps billions, of masochistic
  losers. How many people go to Vegas where they're practically guaranteed to
  lose? The odds are so bad on some games there that, if you win bigtime, they
  know that you're cheating! They throw people who pursue winning strategies
  like card counting out of the casinos. Society's been banking on masochistic
  losers for a long time. How many people bought those stupid 'pet rocks' back
  in the 70s or think that lip-syncing Britney is a great singer? 'Hit Me Baby,
  One More Time!' What could be more blatant?&quot;
 They laughed together.
 As she dressed for her video debut as a leather bitch, Kyla mentally reviewed
  Gretchen's helpful hints on making the 'pain pig' scream high and hard. Like
  her mom, Kyla stripped easily, perfectly comfortable with showing everyone
  what she had to offer. Proud of her glorious physique, she pranced saucily,
  bouncing her big bare boobs and pumping her hips lewdly. Gretchen was enthralled.
 &quot;You have a superb figure, Kyla! A perfect subject for a photographer.&quot;
 Kyla parked her naked posterior on the chair, pointed her pretty little toes
  sexily and, using both hands, pulled on one of the thigh high, spike-heeled,
  black leather boots.
 &quot;I've heard about safe words. What are her safe words to get me to stop?
  Does she say something like 'red light'? I'm dying to know!&quot;
 Gretchen grinned.
 &quot;Safe words are for babies. She's a serious 'pain pig'. This is 'no
  limits' adult play, Kyla. If she can make you stop, then she's really the one
  in charge. That's not the way it is. You are totally in charge. She will be
  gagged and bound helplessly for your pleasure. There's no way she can stop
  whatever you choose to do to her. It's life on the edge for the 'pain pig'.
  She loves it that way.&quot;
 Kyla's eyes gleamed.
 &quot;Excellent!&quot; 
 Kyla pointed her perfect little toes and tugged hard to pull on the second
  boot. Gretchen whispered in Kyla's attentive ear a lewd suggestion on how she
  should end her session with the pain pig. Kyla stared incredulously.
 &quot;That's totally disgusting! You actually have a piece of equipment like
  that?&quot;
 Gretchen dramatically pulled back a cloth covering it.
 &quot;Voila!&quot;
 Kyla's eyes hardened to a bright shine as she picked it up and inspected
  it carefully. 
 &quot;Amazing! I'll use it! That fucking bitch will never expect something
  like this! She'll never see it coming.&quot;
 Gretchen poked her playfully in the ribs.
 &quot;Although she may see you cumming!&quot;
 Kyla laughed and licked her lips eagerly.
 &quot;I'm going to love this!&quot;
 She wrapped the black leather corset around her waist and positioned it so
  the top part was pushing up her breasts, not that her luscious melons needed
  any support. Gretchen laced it up the back snugly as she gave Kyla a few more
  helpful torture tips.
 Kyla grinned. She pulled on fingerless black leather driving gloves and spoke
  confidently.
 &quot;I'm going to make that slut squeal like a scalded pig.&quot; 
 Sheik Rashid's Vengeance
Chapter 21 - Laura and Kyla Perform
 Cheryl could barely believe that her mom was a scum-sucking whore, but the
  irrefutable evidence was in front of her eyes.
 Sheik Rashid didn't like long blah-blah-blah conversations with his fucksluts.
  Instead of yakking tediously with them, his code of imperious fingersnaps commanded
  them like fucking animals. Ilsa explained his fingersnap code to Laura as she
  removed Laura's leather strap outfit. She put Laura through it a few times
  until Laura was performing like an old pro. 
 Then she turned Laura over to the Sheik.
 Strapped naked in a chair, daughter Cheryl's pretty head was gripped between
  two large padded clamps. Her eyelids were propped wide open by small rounded
  hooks hooked underneath them attached to a small stretching frame. Daughter
  Cheryl had no choice but to stare at the screen with drying, aching eyeballs.
  The TV monitor in front of her was connected via an encrypted satellite link
  to the Sheik's jet over the Atlantic. She watched in burning shame and utter
  horror as Sheik Rashid commanded her nude mother like a circus animal. 
 Earlier, she had watched on the hidden cameras while her mother, under no
  coercion whatever, had dressed herself in a shamefully slutty leather strap
  outfit, flirted playfully with the perverted monster and volunteered to service
  him as his personal high paid whore. Hearing her mom ask coolly about how many
  guys she had to fuck had shocked Cheryl to the core. She had watched incredulously
  while her mom eagerly learned the fingersnap code, practising it with Ilsa
  until she could assume each denigrating posture perfectly on command. 
 Cheryl's eyes were bright with tears as she watched her lovely and once respected
  mom humiliate herself for money.
 
 Rashid snapped once (= on your knees, bitch).
 Stark naked except for black strap-on fuck-me pumps and a studded leather
  slave collar, Laura immediately dropped to her knees. Laura knelt, head up
  straight, eyes cast down submissively. She spread her legs wide, exposing her
  genitals shamelessly. She clasped her hands together behind her back, pulled
  in her elbows and arched her back, so that her big bare breasts were thrust
  brazenly forward. She held that pose while the Sheik walked around her slowly,
  inspecting her flawless physique from all angles.
 Rashid snapped twice (= lean back and show everyone your tits).
 Laura immediately leaned back and placed her hands face down on floor, shamelessly
  presenting her big bare breasts with the nipples still a bit raw and swollen
  from the nipple clamps. Her smoothly muscled tummy flexed delightfully as she
  spread her lovely legs wide to fully expose her smooth bare slit. 
 Rashid snapped three times (= get on all fours like a fucking dog).
 Laura leant forward, her head up. She kept her eyes submissively down. She
  placed her hands flat on the floor in front of her, exposing her naked back
  and glorious ass, legs parted to make her tight snapping pussy available for
  fondling or fucking or any penetration her Master desired.
 Two fast snaps (= ready your mouth for use, whore).
 Laura obediently opened her mouth wide, keeping her lips round and covering
  her teeth, ready to encircle a cock, a ball gag or whatever Rashid desired
  to ram into it. 
 Very few children like to see their parents fuck or, in this case, get fucked,
  much less watch them eagerly prostitute themselves to depraved perverts. Deeply
  traumatized, Cheryl could hardly bear to watch as Cheryl's hated captor fed
  lovely Laura his dick and her mom deep-throated him with the well-practiced
  ease of a professional mouth whore. It was obvious to Cheryl that her mom had
  performed this obscene act this many times before. It was a trick that had
  taken Cheryl an eyeball popping long time to learn, studying reluctantly at
  the hands (and dick) of Wartface, brutal lessons punctuated with much gagging,
  hard face slaps and copious tears. 
 Her mom the goddam whore did it effortlessly. Cheryl knew that someone had
  to have broken her in. Cheryl didn't even begin to suspect that it had been
  her dear ole horndog dad. He hadn't been the most faithful of Laura's ex-husbands,
  but he was the first and certainly the most sexually knowledgeable, turning
  lovely Laura into prime fuckmeat. There is a carnal aura to a woman who has
  been fucked frequently; a hot-holed bed beast whose every orifice has lots
  of frequent flyer miles. When hard humping husband number one was finished
  with her, Laura definitely radiated sexuality. Men were always hitting on her
  after that.
 Cheryl watched as Rashid grabbed Laura's pretty head and pumped in and out,
  face-fucking her mom. He rammed his dick as far into her open throat as possible,
  his smoothly shaven scrotum banging against Laura's chin with each full penetration.
  Her mom moaned ecstatically with each thrust although it was hard for Cheryl
  to conceive what possible enjoyment she could derive from this. 
 At the last instant before orgasm, Rashid withdrew. He came insolently in
  her mom's face, spurting thick strings of sticky semen over Laura's heartbreakingly
  beautiful high-cheekboned features and into her golden hair.
 Laura made a move to wipe it off and Rashid instantly raised a warning finger.
  She allowed her arm to drop back to her side. He snapped once and Laura resumed
  the first position, kneeling, shapely legs spread, exposing herself, her slim
  hands clasped together behind her back, his cum dripping down her lovely face
  onto her perfect tits. 
 If this was how her mom made her money, Cheryl didn't think that it could
  get any worse. She was, of course, being foolishly optimistic. Her brazen,
  utterly shameless mom could, and would, stoop a lot lower, but first an even
  more appalling abomination was to be revealed to her reeling mind.
 Another television monitor flickered to life next to the first and a deeply
  horrified, profoundly shocked Cheryl watched her baby sister eagerly preparing
  to help Mistress Gretchen by torturing someone that she obviously knew. Even
  worse, it was very apparent that young Kyla was aware of the cameras and was
  flirting and posing shamelessly for them.
 She watched as Kyla winked cheerfully at Mistress Gretchen. Kyla's naked
  nipples brushed lightly against the front of Gretchen's black leather pantsuit
  as Mistress Gretchen kissed Kyla on both cheeks and wished her well. Kyla thought
  this was very European, quite cosmopolitan. She turned, grinning wickedly,
  towards her helplessly bound pain pig. 
 Kyla put on a policeman's hat and sauntered up to her victim. Gretchen's
  video camera captured her bare tits and naked buttocks as she moved in on her
  pet pain pig with the feline grace of a jungle cat moving in for the kill.
  Kyla grinned ferally and adjusted the visor of her hat. Her beautiful features
  hardened. She stared coldly into her horrified prey's frantic eyes.
 &quot;You're my bitch now and I'm going to make you scream high and hard.&quot;
 It seemed to a shell-shocked Cheryl that her whore mother had turned her
  baby sister into an utterly depraved sexual monster. She felt burning guilt
  for bringing her family to the Sheik's attention and an even deeper shame that
  she could be related to two such perverted, sleazy sluts. 
 Kyla's victim was spread-eagled in mid-air, her wrists and ankles tethered
  to the rim of a large steel circle that moved on a pivot between two pillars.
  Kyla could spin her victim upside down or right side up by spinning the steel
  circle. Pulling on a lever by one of the pillars locked it in position. Pushing
  the lever released the brake and the steel circle could then be spun to any
  new position desired.
 A huge red ball gag stretched Candance's mouth achingly wide, which meant
  that she could only stare at Kyla in whimpering terror. The school secretary's
  high-paying summer job as an attendant on a non-existent airline lasted no
  longer than it took Sheik Rashid's private jet to take off. After that, the
  Sheik's Nubian guards had shown up and sparked their electric prods in front
  of her face. They quickly persuaded a terrified Candance of the dubious proposition
  that it was in her best interests to be spread-eagled on a torture wheel. Never
  a brave girl, she had capitulated completely as they fitted her wrists and
  ankles with leather cuffs, lifted her up, bound her to the wheel, forced the
  bright red ball gag between her lips and buckled it in place behind her head.
  They wheeled out a table of torture implements for her to look at and think
  about while she awaited her fate.
 The table of implements was placed conveniently for Kyla's use. A cloth covered
  the last implement that would be used so that it would come as a complete surprise
  for both the victim and perverted viewers of the video. 
 Kyla picked up a box of matches. She dramatically held the box an inch from
  Candance's desperate face, pulled out a match and struck it. It flared to life,
  its flame reflecting in her victim's wide-open eyes. Kyla lit a large candle
  on the table of implements. It took a bit longer to light than a normal candle
  and burned much brighter with a bigger-than-normal flame.
 &quot;This is a very special candle, Candy. I'll tell you all about it later,
  but if you like being hurt, rest assured that it will do a superb job, much
  better than the average candle. In the meantime, let's let it burn a bit. That's
  part of the process. I'll explain that in a bit too. In the meantime, what
  have I told you about that defective fashion sense of yours?&quot;
 The school secretary was wearing a Goth outfit: a black spaghetti strap top
  with a knee-length black dress, shiny black patent leather high-heeled boots
  and black fishnet stockings held up by a garter belt. A choker of stainless
  steel rings joined by short black leather straps encircled her pale white throat.
  It was her sexy outfit for partying at the clubs. 
 Kyla spoke in a taunting syrupy voice, dripping venom. 
 &quot;Don't you think that you're a bit over-dressed for the occasion, Goth-girl?
  I mean I'm standing here with my bare tits hanging out! Gretchen is busy getting
  a lot of crotch shots of my naked cunt between my obligingly spread legs. Here
  you are all covered up. What's the matter? Don't you think that you can compete?&quot;
 There was a sound like a pistol shot as Kyla slapped her hard. Candance's
  head snapped sideways. Her shoulder length brunette hair flew and her cheek
  flamed a bright red. It stung and she had a low threshold of pain. Her green
  eyes glistened with tears. 
 &quot;Hey, short stuff, look up and stare me in the tits when I talk to you.&quot;
 Statuesque Kyla pinched each of Candance's nipples hard through her black
  top and lifted energetically. Since Candance was tied firmly in place only
  her breasts stretched painfully upwards. As a consequence, her mashed nipples
  burned and her stretched tits ached. Candance squealed like a scared little
  piggy, her tear-stained face flaming.
 &quot;What's the matter, pain pig? Don't you like playing purple nurple?&quot; 
 Candance shook her head. Candance squealed and moaned frantically into the
  gag. She looked desperately eager to communicate something. 
 &quot;The next thing you're going to try to tell me is that you're not a
  painslut!&quot;
 Candance nodded enthusiastic agreement, her green eyes bright with hope. 
 &quot;What a dirty little liar you are!&quot;
 Candance looked at her pleadingly and whimpered pathetically like a sad little
  puppy. Kyla relented playfully.
 &quot;OK, if you never lie, tell me: did Charlene get you to change my schedule?&quot;
 Snuffling, her up-stretched tits on fire, hoping that the truth would set
  her free, Candance slowly nodded yes.
 Kyla's eyes hardened and Candance, too late, realized her mistake. 
 If you are guilty, the truth never sets you free. 
 &quot;I knew it!&quot; 
 Giving Candance's tightly pinched nipples a last savage twist, Kyla released
  them and picked up a pair of scissors from her implement table. Oddly shaped,
  they were bent at an angle, had a rounded tip instead of a pointed one and
  had a flat metal disk on the bottom of the lower blade.
 &quot;Like the candle, these are very special scissors. They're called crash
  scissors. They're specially designed to smoothly cut the clothing from a victim.
  The blade is razor sharp high quality steel. The flat metal disk fastened to
  the bottom blade is to let it glide over your flesh as I slice away your clothes.
  The rounded end prevents any unintended puncturing of your skin. The handles
  are angled for my convenience, to prevent my hand from banging into you when
  I cut.&quot;
 With the scissors shut, she ran the cool blade over Candance's hot flaming
  face. Candance flinched back as Kyla suddenly snipped the air violently, the
  razor sharp blades snapping viciously a fraction of an inch from Candance's
  nose.
 &quot;Just because they're designed to be 'safe' doesn't mean that I couldn't
  use them to snip off the tip of your nose to make you look like a pig or to
  clip off your ears to turn you into a hideous freak.&quot;
 Kyla laughed in her horrified face.
 &quot;Before we get down to making you scream, my little pain piglet, I'm
  going to snip off your clothes. That way everyone can see which of us is prime
  pussy and who's coming in a poor second. It also gives me complete access to
  the most sensitive, private portions of your anatomy, which will be a huge
  help in making you scream. Of course, bound helplessly, with your legs spread
  and your cunt hanging out, you're rape meat as well. Several over-endowed perverts
  are waiting in the wings to open you up in every way possible, raping over
  whatever is left of you when I'm finished this intimate little exercise in
  agony.&quot; 
 She snipped the crash scissors with malicious glee.
 &quot;Let's get you stripped for action and see what you have to offer.&quot;
 Kyla snipped her spaghetti straps and opened the scissors wide. She inserted
  the bottom blade down Candance's cleavage and paused dramatically. Candance
  felt the cool metal pressing against the bare skin of her panting chest.
 &quot;We'll start with exposing your tits. First question: are they real
  or is it a padded bra?&quot;
 Kyla began to snip and rip. 
 In another room, it was time for lovely Laura to continue work earning a
  big shiny diamond. Snuffling hysterically, barely able to see through her tears,
  daughter Cheryl watched as her mother the whore stooped to unspeakable depravity.
 Sheik Rashid pointed at a bucket on the floor and gave three fast snaps (=
  fucksquat).
 Laura immediately assumed the fucksquat position. She squatted down like
  she was about to squeeze a turd into the bucket, knees spread wide to expose
  her smooth shaven fuckhole and wrinkled brown shithole, back arched, big bare
  breasts up and out, head straight, her hands clasped together behind her back
  and eyes cast down submissively, not worthy to look upon Sheik Rashid, her
  new Lord and Master.
 She winced as he reached between her parted thighs and flicked the front
  of her slit with his fingers, indicating what he wanted in the bucket. He raised
  his hand and snapped his fingers contemptuously an inch from her face.
 Urine spurted from between her shapely legs and Laura, pink faced, peed like
  a dog. Her urine spattered with a humiliatingly loud noise into the empty metal
  bucket. Rashid snapped his fingers arrogantly in her flushed face again and,
  with a visible effort, she clamped down and shut off the flow of urine.
 Off, on, off, on&iexcl;&shy; with every insolent, commanding snap of his
  fingers in her beautiful face, Laura either obediently peed or stopped peeing
  until her bladder was drained.
 Even the method of paying his new whore was an exercise in degradation. 
 Rashid snapped his fingers four times (= bend over and spread your legs,
  slut), paused a beat and then gave two more snaps (1 following snap = show
  the pink, 2 following snaps = show the brown).
 Laura stood. She spread her legs wide, bent over and reached behind her.
  Cupping her buns in her long slim fingers, she pulled her smooth, rounded butt
  cheeks apart, fully exposing the wrinkled brown rosette of her anus.
 The Sheik picked up what looked like a slim pool cue. He selected a large,
  brilliantly flashing diamond from a small, but dazzling mound of large diamonds
  and held it on front of Laura's pink face.
 &quot;Nice big diamond isn't it, whore?&quot;
 Laura nodded. As Rashid's fuckslut, she was allowed to speak in response
  to a direct question or when given permission, which she understood would be
  rare. 
 &quot;Yes, sir!&quot;
 He fitted the diamond into a hollow at the tip of the cue. A servant stepped
  forward, greased up the diamond and the pool cue with Vaseline and stepped
  back. 
 Laura drew in her breath sharply, bracing herself. Her bare boobs quivered
  as Rashid slipped the greased cue up her ass. He buried the diamond deep in
  her shit chute and smoothly removed the cue. Her dangling breasts shook as
  Laura sucked in a huge calming breath. Rashid handed the shit-streaked cue
  to a servant to be cleaned.
 He snapped his fingers once.
 Laura dropped submissively to her knees - head up, eyes humbly down, legs
  spread, hands behind her back. Rashid gave the naked tits of his panting, pink-faced
  whore a friendly squeeze.
 &quot;Very good! Go, shower off and put on that black leather miniskirt outfit.
  Understand, slut?&quot;
 &quot;Yes, sir!&quot;
 The Sheik left the room. Laura scurried gratefully to her change room.
 Cheryl watched in horrified revulsion at the image revealed by the hidden
  fibre optic camera. Before her very eyes, her mother the sleazy whore laid
  out a pattern of toilet paper on the bathroom floor, squatted down over it
  and squeezed out a long turd. 
 It was here that life experience marked them apart. The mother of two was
  much more comfortable sorting through shit than either of her daughters were.
  A hands-on mother, Laura had changed lots of ripe, steaming diapers and wiped
  filthy feculent baby bums many times, in addition to mopping up an ocean of
  pee. To Laura, finding a diamond in a neatly squeezed out turd was distasteful
  but easily accomplished. 
 Cheryl, on the other hand, was absolutely disgusted as she watched her lowlife
  gutterslut mother snuffling through her own shit and picking out the diamond
  with her long fingernails. Laura took the diamond to the sink, washed it carefully
  with a bit of liquid soap and placed it on the counter. She knelt down, wrapped
  up the turd with the surrounding toilet paper and flushed it away. Laura wiped
  her bum and washed her hands thoroughly, brushing carefully under her fingernails
  with a fingernail brush. She daintily squirted a bit of deodorant/disinfectant
  around the bathroom to freshen things up. 
 Pulling a jeweller's loupe from her purse, Laura inspected the large diamond
  with evident satisfaction. She saved the diamond carefully in a small leather
  bag that she had purchased for that express purpose and put it in her purse. 
 Laura paused, took several deep breaths and steeled her soul, telling herself,
  as mothers will, that she was doing it for the children. They were all on easy
  street as long as she could tough it out. If this was as bad as it got, she
  could handle it, just barely.
 Even when down on her luck, a hitherto spoiled and pampered princess never
  believes until much too late that really bad things can happen to her. Before
  the end of the day, lovely Laura would be a deeply traumatised beauty, broken
  completely, her soul shattered, changed forever. 
 Laura stepped into the shower, turned on the water as hot as she could stand
  it and spent a long time in the steam scrubbing herself squeaky clean.
 She felt very dirty indeed.
 Chapter 22 - Squealing Pain Pigs
 Prancing on the very tips of her toes, the insolent reporter was still hanging
  from her tits as she was flown to the Middle East on Sheik Rashid's jumbo jet,
  being ground pitilessly by crack teams of ingenious perverts every inch of
  the way. Noosed at the base, each up-stretched purple breast bulged obscenely,
  her monstrously inflated nipples engorged with blood. As a media star, the
  Sheik's staff had shown a lot of interest in her during the flight, but she
  was just hanging around between rapes at the moment. Her holes burned between
  her legs. After each rape, her pants had been pulled up neatly so that the
  next rapist could have the pleasure of jerking them down again and listening
  to her scream. The crotch of both her once-white underwear and her once-beige
  slacks was stiff with drying semen and reeked of her urine as she had peed
  her panties repeatedly. Her tautly stretched, straining mammaries felt like
  they were going to burst agonisingly while simultaneously being slowly ripped
  from her sweating torso.
 She whimpered in fear and horror as the Dentist entered the room and began
  calmly, deliberately setting up his implements. Seeing the stainless steel
  tray of gleaming needles, stainless steel pins, clamps, pliers, hypodermic
  syringes, sharp metal picks and probes, small round mirrors and cotton swabs
  chilled her to the bone. His high-speed dental drill on its articulating arm
  screeched piercingly as he plugged it in and gave it a few trial revs. The
  high-pitched squeal ate into her mind like a rabid weasel biting dementedly.
  Twisting frantically, the insolent reporter wet her already sodden panties
  yet again. 
 She squawked energetically as he cranked her up so that her pretty toes left
  the floor to get her holes up to a convenient height for easy access. In what
  was becoming a painfully familiar prelude to sexual degradation for the hapless
  rape victim, he tugged her pants and panties down to her knees. She screeched
  hoarsely and her breasts burned in white hot flashes of searing agony with
  each downwards jerk. Having bared her bum, he parted her badly bruised buttocks.
  She gasped as he penetrated her anus for yet another in a series of humiliating
  rectal rapes.
 A fat man with a pockmarked face and atrocious breath, the Dentist had a
  history of being spurned scornfully by any ladies who had a choice in the matter.
  He whispered contemptuous misogyny into her coral pink ear as he began to pump
  his thick, heavily veined penis in and out of the insolent reporter's tightly
  stretched asshole.
 &quot;Women! You're all such filthy little liars.&quot;
 A lady who had no choice in the matter, the insolent reporter's only response
  was to whimper softly with each rectal reaming thrust.
 &quot;The foolish women told you that I'd be yanking out all of your teeth
  now. That's definitely not happening.&quot;
 The insolent reporter was relieved. All this dental equipment must be there
  just to mess with her mind. It was beginning to sound to her like all she'd
  get from the so-called Dentist was an ass-rape. In her present degraded state,
  this was good news. 
 It was also the ultimate in foolish, but easily understandable, female optimism.
  After all, a woman who is being subjected to simultaneous mental, physical
  and sexual abuse has the IQ of a newt.
 &quot;I asked Gretchen: 'why would I yank out her teeth when, with a small
  bit of drilling, I can expose the sensitive nerves inside her teeth and really
  make her scream?'&quot;
 The insolent reporter felt like her heart had been ripped from her chest
  and stomped on with cleats. 
 The smell of burning bone joined the stink of sweat, urine, sex and atrociously
  bad breath as the Dentist revved his drill enthusiastically and began to grind
  his way into a molar inside her propped open mouth. The insolent reporter squealed
  frantically, her rectum clenching tightly around his pulsing penis as he ground
  away patiently, taking his time, a man who loved his work. 
 Back with Kyla, Candance's 36C bra fluttered to the floor, joining the snipped
  up remains of her black Goth dress. Kyla laid the crash scissors on the implement
  table next to the sheet covering a mysterious large implement. 
 A camera zoomed in, pausing briefly on Candance's deeply embarrassed face,
  blushing furiously, before focussing on her bare breasts, quivering delectably.
  After the bra had been snipped off, everyone had been delighted to find that
  Candance didn't need padding. Despite statuesque Kyla's disparaging comments,
  on a shorter woman, 36C is just fine. 
 Insolently, Kyla brushed her naked nipples against Candance's, aggressively
  inviting a tit-to-tit comparison between her big-nippled monster melons and
  Candance's more modest, though quite pleasantly proportioned, endowment.
 Kyla picked up the candle carefully.
 &quot;This candle is made of a mixture of beeswax and carnauba. It's the
  hottest and brightest candle made. I had to let it burn for a while to get
  a nice pool of much hotter-than-normal melted wax.&quot;
 Kyla grinned wickedly, toying with her victim.
 &quot;Do you see where I'm going with this, Candance?&quot;
 She held the hot, bright candle an inch from the tip of Candance's pert nose
  so she could feel the heat on her flushed face. From Candance's expression
  of sheer horror, it was apparent that she had an excellent appreciation of
  the possibilities. To keep her victim gibbering in terrified anticipation (anticipation
  heightens pain) and because she loved watching Candance's pretty face twitch
  with fear, Kyla explained a few of them.
 &quot;Hot wax is often dripped from a height so that it's pretty cool, almost
  solidified, when it hits the victim. Do you think that I'm going to drop it
  from up high or as close as possible?&quot;
 Since the terrifying answer was chillingly self-evident, Kyla required no
  response from her gagged victim. The pleading look in Candance's desperate
  eyes told her everything she needed to know. Kyla smirked smugly.
 &quot;You're right. It's going to be nice and close, so you really cook.
  The next question is: which sensitive portion of your anatomy do I boil in
  hot wax?&quot;
 Kyla pinched the very tip of Candance's left nipple between her sharp, lacquered
  fingernails. Candance squealed frantically, trailing off into a pathetic begging
  whimper.
 &quot;We've discussed how sadly under-endowed you are so I'm going to make
  those nipples swell up nice and big. Just a tiny drop of boiling hot wax per
  nipple should do it.&quot;
 Kyla inspected Candance's breasts thoughtfully. 
 &quot;Hmmmmmmm&iexcl;&shy;..&quot;
 She teasingly, suggestively flickered her big blue eyes back and forth between
  the hot flame and Candance's heaving breasts. When she felt sure that an increasingly
  panic-stricken Candance had received the message, she delivered it in plain
  text.
 &quot;Maybe if I toast your tits a bit first, they'll swell up. After that,
  I'll wax your nipples.&quot;
 She slowly lowered the bright hot candle.
 &quot;The hottest part of a flame is not actually in the flame but a short
  distance above it.&quot;
 The flush on Candance's face deepened as Kyla slowly moved the candle underneath
  her quivering mammaries. She screamed hoarsely into the gag as Kyla slowly
  waved the candle back and forth, searing each breast with the scorching heat
  of the bright flame. Candance writhed and quivered helplessly as her titmeat
  cooked and reddened.
 Kyla smiled happily. She breathed deeply, savouring the aroma of commingled
  sweat, fear and toasting tit.
 &quot;There! I'll put a small drop of wax on each nipple.&quot; 
 She daintily tipped the candle above Candance's heaving torso, timing the
  short fall of the wax with Candance's frantic panting. A high-pitched squeal
  rewarded her precise efforts as a teardrop of the hot red wax fell an inch,
  kissing her nipple with an audible hiss.
 Candance's sweating naked body shook and quivered in the torture frame as
  she screamed high and hard.
 Kyla laughed in delight and tossed her long blond hair.
 &quot;Excellent! Let's try the other one.&quot;
 Candance's squeezed her small fists tight, her fingernails gouging deep into
  her palms. Her entire body tightened. Her bare buttocks dimpled and clenched.
  She sucked in her smooth belly, holding her breath in mortal terror. Her thigh
  and calf muscles quivered as they strained mightily but futilely against her
  bonds. Candance's small biceps and slim forearms were clearly defined, the
  tendons standing out like whipcord. Her eyes bulged as she watched the hot
  wax slowly form a teardrop. It kissed her other nipple with an evil hiss that
  was instantly buried under Candance's demented shriek of raw pain.
 She screamed till the snot ran and then she screamed some more as her sensitive
  nipples were ignited to incandescent agony as they cooked in the hot wax.
 To help calm her down, Kyla pulled the lever unlocking the torture frame.
  She spun the frame so that Candance was upside down with her nose buried in
  Kyla's cunt. Kyla locked the frame again and, with a gloating smirk plastered
  all over her foxy face, focussed on giving Candance a really good smother. 
 Her labia were wet and fully distended as Kyla humped her hips lewdly. She
  excitedly scrubbed her engorged, dripping slit all over Candance's gasping
  snuffling face, sliming it with her cunt juice. Candance's bright red ball
  gag vibrated pleasantly against Kyla's clit as she struggled frantically to
  breathe, making the sound beloved of asphyxia fans everywhere.
 &quot;Mmmmmpppphhhh&iexcl;&shy;&quot; 
 Chapter 23 - Lovely Laura Gets Spanked
 While Candance was screaming her brains out and masturbating Kyla with her
  cunt slimed face, while the insolent reporter was savouring dental delights
  at the top of her lungs, in another part of the jumbo jet the two huge Nubian
  guards came to take Laura to the Sheik. The stone-faced, powerfully built black
  men scared her. Although a statuesque beauty, Laura felt like a weak-kneed
  pigmy as she walked between them, taking long fashion model strides to keep
  up. After a brief look at the brutal faces and heavy musculature of the massive
  Nubians, refusing the Sheik didn't really seem to be an option. Nevertheless,
  Laura felt that if she played along she could end up a very rich woman.
 More foolish female optimism. This session was going to turn out so brutally
  humiliating for Laura that her horrified daughter Cheryl was being denied the
  video feed, although Kyla's enthusiastic efforts with Candance, taking place
  at the same time, were keeping Cheryl's weepy eyes fully occupied. Cheryl's
  naked body squirmed in the chair as she watched, eyes propped open, bound helplessly;
  shocked horrified and ashamed of her family. 
 Meanwhile, lovely Laura was taking the first steps along her own deeply disturbing
  voyage of discovery.
 Laura, the very definition of the term 'prime pussy', was wearing strap-on
  fuck-me pumps, along with a black leather vest and black leather micro-miniskirt
  as instructed. She had been calming down since her last humiliating little
  exercise, coping as best she could, doing some yoga and having something sinfully
  delicious to eat, washed down with a few glasses of her favourite champagne
  to help impair her better judgement, such as it was. The servants knew her
  exact tastes without having to be told. Sadly, she didn't ponder the implications
  of this, thinking it a delightful coincidence. As a result, she knocked back
  a tad too much of the Dom Perignon. The bubbly went down very well, tickling
  her nose, giving her a warm pleasant glow and bathing her mind in a delightful
  haze of rosy false expectations. 
 A total babe who always put on a show if there was even the whiff of a man
  in her vicinity, bodalicious Laura wiggled her exquisite bum and jiggled her
  superb tits as she slinked along seductively between the two Nubian giants.
  Her black high heels clicked hollowly in the hallway. 
 Sheik Rashid was always glad to see a good-looking fuckslut reporting for
  duty. He smiled genially at his new pet.
 &quot;Think you can handle a spanking in return for a nice big diamond?&quot;
 Laura smirked inwardly. The immature things that turned men on never ceased
  to amaze her. Spanking was for babies. Supremely confident that she could handle
  a childish paddling, Laura was certain that her main challenge would be to
  avoid giggling. A consummate actress when it came to playing men, she put on
  a straight, deeply respectful face.
 &quot;Yes, sir!&quot; 
 It was back to the fingersnap commands. Rashid suddenly gave two fast snaps
  an inch from her startled blue eyes.
 Recovering quickly, Laura obediently opened her mouth and rounded her lips.
  The Sheik forced in a large red ball gag, squeezing the rubber to get it past
  her teeth. The rubber expanded inside her mouth, forcing it open as wide as
  possible. He buckled the mouth-filling gag firmly in place. With her luscious
  lips wrapped around the gag, any qualms and second thoughts lovely Laura might
  develop as things progressed would have to remain unexpressed. More than most,
  his women always had wearisome 'concerns' and an eagerness to renegotiate the
  relationship. The Sheik greatly enjoyed their frantic futile struggles to do
  this through a mouth-filling ball gag. 
 Positioning a tightly clenched fist an inch from her high-cheekboned face,
  he suddenly opened his hand with the fingers splayed wide, the hand command
  for a fuckslut to strip and exhibit herself shamelessly.
 In taking it all off and showing the gentlemen what she had to offer, the
  former fashion model was on very familiar ground, putting on a smoky-eyed,
  seductive performance. Locking her big blue eyes with the sheik's, Laura opened
  the leather vest wide to flaunt her braless breasts. She ran the tip of her
  tongue over her lips provocatively, shook her big nippled monster melons hard
  and dropped the vest to the floor dramatically.
 Keeping her eyes locked brazenly with Rashid's, she unzipped and unbuttoned
  the leather micro miniskirt. She peeled it over her delightful derriere and
  let it drop. It slid smoothly down her long glorious model's legs and crumpled
  to the floor. 
 Laura worked out and waxed religiously to keep her big melons self-supporting
  and her body smooth and tight. She rarely felt any need to wear underwear and
  today was no exception. She stepped smoothly out of the micro-miniskirt and
  struck an utterly shameless pose: chest out, tits aquiver, big red nipples
  erect, buttocks dimpled prettily and long legs spread provocatively to expose
  her tight hairless slit. She stared wantonly at Rashid through half-closed
  eyes, the very embodiment of carnal lust. Laura pumped her cunt lewdly. Salaciously
  nude, hands on her hips, standing arrogantly tall in her black high heels,
  Laura cut a sensual, cock-hardening figure. 
 Eying her naked form appreciatively, the Sheik loved her only item of apparel.
  Strap-on spike heels were perfect on a brazen beauty that would soon be kicking
  frantically like a trapped jackrabbit. He was going to love carving the snot
  out of this haughty bitch; a beauty who had been playing men for fools ever
  since she had first sprouted those awesome tits. 
 Rashid nodded to the Nubians. 
 Each guard grabbed a slim wrist and hoisted it over Laura's head. They buckled
  thick leather cuffs to her wrists and effortlessly lifted her from the floor.
  Metal clips on the cuffs were snapped onto two long chains bolted to the high
  ceiling, two floors high in this part of the Jumbo jet, giving a bitch lots
  of travel to swing back and forth helplessly while she was being worked over.
  The guards stepped back, leaving Laura hanging by her wrists. Swaying gently
  back and forth, her gleaming black spike heels were a foot from the floor.
  Her smoothly rounded ass cheeks were at the perfect height for a paddling. 
 Mouth wrapped around the large red rubber ball, Laura looked anxiously at
  the Sheik, her big blue eyes open wide. Rashid picked up the rubber strap and
  explained things so that Laura could have a proper appreciation of her spanking
  to come. Apprehension heightens pain.
 &quot;I like a rubber strap for several reasons, Laura. Rubber adds extra
  snap to each stroke and gives a fiery afterburn. You'll really feel the sting
  afterwards. This neoprene strap is 22 inches long, an inch wide and a quarter
  inch thick. It comes with a nice wooden handle for my comfort. I can get a
  good grip and put lots of muscle into each blow although I don't really need
  to. The springy rubber does a lot of the work for me. Because it is long, tough
  and has lots of snap, every stroke raises either a welt or a deep bruise. The
  edges of the strap are rounded so that it doesn't cut the skin. There are more
  severe straps with sharp edges, but I prefer not to mark you permanently.&quot;
 Laura seemed less than grateful for this miniscule morsel of mercy. Desperation
  blossomed in her big blue eyes. She moaned urgently into the gag. Much too
  late, she had developed some feminine 'concerns' and wanted to renegotiate
  the relationship. This spanking was turning out to be much more adult than
  she had expected. 
 Rashid smiled indulgently and gave her beautifully rounded bare bum a proprietary
  squeeze, liking the feel of her tight buns and warm smooth skin against his
  palm. He added a few comments designed make Laura feel na?ve and foolish, that
  her present predicament was her own stupid fault for not knowing better.
 &quot;It is very brave of you to volunteer for a spanking. As a mature, sexually
  knowledgeable woman, you know that adult spankings are far more intense than
  mere childish paddlings. I appreciate a woman who goes straight for the hardcore
  experiences.&quot; 
 White-eyed with apprehension and panting hard, Laura suddenly looked less
  than eager for this particular hardcore experience. Shaking her head in a violent
  no that had her tits shaking a no as well, she kicked and squirmed wildly.
  Her golden blond hair flew dazzlingly. Rashid and the Nubians grinned, enjoying
  the show. Rashid clapped.
 &quot;Wonderful! Wonderful! A beautiful performance, Laura, and you haven't
  even received the first stroke yet.&quot;
 Laura's lovely legs scissored energetically in mid-air. Rashid nodded approvingly
  at the Nubians. She looked beseechingly at Rashid and squealed pleadingly into
  her ball gag, struggling futilely to explain that this wasn't what she had
  in mind. Her naked buttocks clenched and her torso twisted, making her bouncing
  breasts shimmy like mounds of exquisitely shaped jello, quivering delectably.
  Purposely misunderstanding all this energetic body language, Rashid was enthusiastic.
 &quot;This pain pig really knows what I like to see! Keep it up and you'll
  have a bonus diamond shoved up your ass.&quot;
 The Nubians laughed derisively at the stupid American bimbo squirming frantically
  in mid-air. Laura hated being mocked and glared fiercely at them. 
 While she was thus distracted, Rashid landed the first stroke with a sound
  like an exploding firecracker. Perfectly placed, the rubber strap snapped viciously
  across the middle of her temptingly exposed, lily-white ass globes.
 Laura's big blue eyes opened wide in shocked surprise and seemed to almost
  pop from their sockets. She screamed high and hard into her ball gag. Her golden
  hair tossed violently and her tits shook with wild abandon as her hips arched
  forward and her black high heels kicked up high behind her. Strapped firmly
  to her slim ankles, her black fuck-me pumps stayed attached to her fluttering
  feet.
 She panted hard, her torso heaving, tits aquiver, feeling the fiery afterburn
  as promised. An inch-wide red welt blossomed angrily across her tightly clenched
  buttocks. Rashid rubbed the rapidly reddening welt up and down with his neoprene
  strap, which seemed to spread the pain like fire all over her beautifully dimpled
  derriere.
 Her bare boobs bobbed and bounced beguilingly as she breathed hard and fast.
  Laura clamped her eyes obsessively on the rubber strap. She began to squirm
  desperately, her long lovely legs running a frantic marathon in place as Rashid
  slowly, tantalisingly raised the strap. Toying with her, he held the rubber
  strap menacingly high while Laura's legs pumped like a track star running a
  hard sprint. Glancing behind her, she squeaked in terror as he playfully took
  a few menacing false starts to the stroke.
 Her scared little squeak rose to a hysterical shriek as the strap suddenly
  snapped down. With the sharp crack of hard rubber on tender flesh, a second
  angry red welt flamed to life across both bare buns, just above the first.
 Laura pulled herself desperately up into a chin-up position as the strap
  lashed again. She hung in mid-air, legs straight, bare buttocks clenched tight,
  her quivering arms folded up and pressed tight against the sides of her trembling
  tits. Of course, tightening up all her muscles like that only made it worse,
  but her experience with this sort of thing was non-existent although improving
  rapidly. She shrieked into the gag as the strap lifted both buttocks from below,
  kissing her cheeks hard and laying a third angry red stripe just below the
  other two.
 For the next two strokes, Laura tried arching her nude form away from the
  strap just before it landed. Both times Rashid pulled the stroke quickly, waited
  a beat and re-launched it so that she was swinging back into the strap as it
  landed, amplifying the force of each blow. Two hard swats cracked like pistol
  shots. Thick red welts blossomed angrily on her lily-white ass above and below
  the previous three.
 A proud determined beauty, Laura did not give up. She straightened her arms,
  lowering herself as far as possible. Raising her knees high, she crushed her
  bare thighs against her naked nipples, tucking her burning bum under so that
  he would be forced to strike upwards. She guessed that this would be his weakest
  stroke, fighting gravity.
 An experienced bitch buster, Rashid took a step backwards, assumed a two-handed
  grip on the strap handle and swung like a golfer trying for a long drive. The
  extreme end of the strap, the part that travels fastest with the most leverage,
  kissed the exact middle of her left butt cheek with an explosive smack, landing
  precisely on top of the first welt. 
 Laura shrieked insanely into her gag. Her bare body opened beautifully as
  she pulled herself up convulsively, throwing her legs back. Her naked torso
  arched upwards, like she was trying to launch herself into orbit, tits first.
  As she reached the top of her upwards arch her big boobs shimmied wildly.
 Courtesy of all this violent exertion and the length of the chains from her
  wrist cuffs to the ceiling, Laura began to pendulum back and forth. Rashid
  took advantage, shellacking her buns each time that she swung back towards
  the strap, thus unintentionally turning each stroke into a head-on collision
  between her burning bum and the snapping strap. He timed it carefully so that
  she was like a child pumping a swing. Emitting a sharp scream, she jerked herself
  forward with each fiercely cracking stroke of the strap tip on her tender flaming
  butt cheek.
 He smoothly switched sides and worked the other butt cheek with the fast-moving
  extreme tip of the strap, aiming for a pleasing symmetry on his swinging, frantically
  squealing victim. He swung hard two-handed, a major-league switch-hitter able
  to hit a perfect line drive from either side. He aimed carefully and with skill,
  landing each stroke on the 'sweet spot' of the snapping strap, taking care
  that it bit into her butt on top of an existing welt, a sensitized place, deepening
  the bruise, a bursting explosion of ever-increasing agony.
 He pinched a ripe succulent nipple tightly and spun her, gripping her nipple
  each time it came around in a brutal pinch and spinning her hard, winding up
  the long chains attached to her wrists like the chains of a playground swing.
  When he had wound her up as tightly as possible, he held her in position by
  her stretched aching teat for an agonizing moment while Laura squealed in pain
  and fear. 
 He released her burning nipple and began slashing viciously with the strap
  as she unwound, twirling helplessly before him. The neoprene strap flashed
  with savage violence, swinging the opposite way to her spin, slapping her heinie
  hard each time she involuntarily presented it. When she had unwound completely,
  he pinched the other nipple and wound her up the other way. She shrieked dementedly
  as her bare buns were pasted repeatedly with hard cracks of the strap from
  the opposite angle.
 At last she hung limply, sobbing hard, her dark red ass globes afire, her
  tousled hair soaked with sweat, a golden halo around her head.
 Rashid grinned. Like many rich Arabs, Sheik Rashid had spent his youth at
  an exclusive English boarding school. As a result, he spoke superb English
  with an upper crust British accent and understood all about spankings, the
  English Vice.
 &quot;Of course, as you well know, it wouldn't be an adult spanking without
  that one last definitive stroke.&quot;
 She looked at him uncomprehendingly. He nodded to the Nubians. They proceeded
  to make it crystal clear to her as each gripped a shapely ankle and spread
  her long lovely legs wide, exposing her genitals. Rashid caressed her cuntlips
  gently, teasingly with the edge of the strap as understanding dawned and a
  frantically desperate Laura struggled violently, but futilely.
 He slowly raised the strap, pulling it back for a two-handed golf swing.
  Like a golfer, he took a few practise swings next to her, cutting the air with
  awesomely powerful strokes that whistled fearsomely. Laura whimpered pleadingly
  as he moved into position, planting his feet carefully. Her twitching groin
  muscles stood out like steel cables as she repeatedly tried to jerk her legs
  together. The massive Nubians coped effortlessly with this challenge. Of course,
  tightening up made it worse, but it was impossible for Laura to relax as she
  stared obsessively at her smooth shaven quivering quim, a dishevelled wild-eyed
  madwoman.
 He pulled back and swung up hard between her trembling thighs. The Nubians
  released her dainty ankles as the strap kissed her cuntlips brutally hard.
  Her blond hair flew, her tits rose magnificently in unison and Laura's naked
  body spasmed convulsively as the Sheik lifted Laura high. She emitted an inhumanly
  high scream of raw terror and supreme anguish. The extreme tip of the strap
  slapped her clit with savage violence. 
 Laura passed out.
 A whiff of smelling salts quickly brought her around, still hanging by her
  wrists from the ceiling. Rashid gave her tits an approving squeeze.
 &quot;Excellent work!&quot;
 He nodded to the Nubians. They handed him the greased pool cue. Laura grunted
  twice, groaning heavily as he ramrodded two large diamonds up her ass and buried
  them deeply in her gut. He instructed the Nubians briskly.
 &quot;Let her down and help her to the change room so that she can freshen
  up. We'll be landing soon.&quot;
 He winked enthusiastically at Laura, who was panting hard, red-faced, dripping
  sweat and tears, a dewdrop of snot quivering on the tip her nose, her golden
  hair a tangled mess, her throbbing bum a deep purple bruise, her swollen nipples
  aching, her inflamed cunt burning between her legs.
 &quot;That was a great performance, Laura! After we land, we'll have to quit
  fooling around and get down to some serious perversion!&quot;
 He left the room to see how Kyla and Candance were making out, wanting to
  see Kyla use the mysterious item under the sheet on her implement table. The
  Nubians moved in for some serious perversion of their own, sandwiching Laura
  between them. A thick black dick opened her inflamed cuntlips agonisingly.
  Her bruised burning buttcheeks were painfully prised apart and a large greased
  dick entered her shit chute for a particularly painful ass-rape. She squealed
  as his pubic bone slammed repeatedly into her badly bruised bum.
 The Nubian in front whispered gentle words of encouragement into her coral
  pink ear. 
 &quot;If you complain to anyone, it will not matter to anyone but you for
  no one believes a whore. However, if you do complain, we will wait politely
  until the sheik has finished with you completely and then we will rip your
  pretty face apart with our bare hands, snapping your jawbone, breaking your
  teeth, splitting open your cheeks, gouging out your eyes with our fingers,
  tearing off your ears, splintering your nose, shattering your cheekbones and
  so on. You'll be a hideous monstrosity. No surgeon will be able to put your
  face together again.&quot;
 He pumped smoothly, enjoying Laura's small whimpers and frantic squeals,
  savouring the sweaty sexy smell of her, loving the feel of her hot hard nipples
  crushed against his chest and the tightness of her swollen, tight pussy massaging
  his dick, relishing her ravishment. He licked her salty tearstained face. 
 She was definitely his sort of fuckmeat for poor naked Laura now had the
  sound, the look, the smell, the feel and even the taste of a thoroughly beaten
bitch. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Llabmik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





