BDSM Library - Julie's Anniversary




Julie's Anniversary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: To celebrate Julie's anniversary of her mistress's slave, she was taken to a special place for special training.
                          Julie's Anniversary - 1


      Every morning, Julie would wake up at 7:00 and prepare for her mistress.
 She would goto the bathroom and shower, washing her 36D breasts, and
 shaven pussy well. She would then attach the enema adapter to the shower
 head, fill the enema bag with a few quarts of soapy water, and clean herself
 out. The night before, her mistress would select the nozzle that was to be
 used. This one was in the shape of a short thick penis. It took a bit of work to
 finally get the nozzle into her ass. From the shape of the nozzle, she know that
 her ass would get a workout today. She shaved any stubble that formed on
 her pussy, and then got out of the tub, relieved herself, and dried herself off.

 She walked naked (as she must always be, except when given permission) to
 her mistresses' bed, where upon she began to gently lick her mistresses'
 nipples. Her mistress (Christine) smiled and rolled over so Julie could get a
 better position. After licking and sucking Christine's nipples for several
 minutes, Julie moved down to Christine's pussy (also shaved) and began
 eating her with earnest. Licking the now getting wetter hole, and thickening
 clit, Julie elicited a soft moan from the woman on the bed. Julie began sucking
 Christine's engorged clit and after a few minutes, Chris moaned with orgasm.
 Julie continued to softly lick until her mistress gave the word to stop.

       Julie had been Christine's slave for over three years now. Every
 morning started out the same: Julie would prepare herself, and then wake
 Christine up by eating her. Christine was extremely wealthy, due to the death
 of her parents 5 years ago. Her parents sent her away to school as a child, and
 had this buried anger in her that displays itself in her S&M tendencies. Julie
 was purchased for $25,000 at a slave auction. She had been trained by one of
 the best masters in the business, and had a lifetime guarantee for re-training if
 needed. Julie would do any sexual (or other for that matter) task for her
 mistress, including serve other masters and mistresses. Julie's love for
 Christine is complete, as she was trained especially for Christine.

      On mondays, wednesdays, and fridays, Julie worked as a secretary in an
 office that Christine owns. Christine did this so Julie could be kept horny by
 vibrators (sometimes remote controlled), butt plugs, nipple clips, etc..., or be
 kept in pain by the same devices while in public so she would have to hide her
 discomfort. Other days are spent doing various things from the regular to the
 completely bizarre. Today is going to be a bizarre day, but Julie doesn't know
 it yet.

      After waking Christine up, Julie went and ran Christine's bath. Christine
 got into the bath and was washed by Julie. Julie shaved Christine's pussy to
 remove the stubble. Christine got rinsed off, and was dried off by Julie.

 "Do you remember what day this is slave?" asked Christine.

 "Yes Mistress, it has been three years since you became my Mistress."

 "Correct. Today I have something special planned for you. We are going over
 to a friend's place for a little 'celebration'."

      This sent a shudder of both excitement and fear into Julie. Whenever
 they went to someone else's dungeon, Julie was put through the most painful
 and most pleasurable experiences. Christine put on a black leather miniskirt
 with no panties, and a short cutoff T- shirt that let the large globes of her
 breasts show slightly at the bottom. Julie was told to put on a simple sundress
 and sandals: nothing else. Christine had set up the special car seat-it basically
 was like a leather seat cover, except it had a medium (2" X 7") dildo placed on
 it, and it had a small, hard, leather, projection, about 3/4" high right where the
 clit would go, so there was no place the person sitting could move to. The
 small projection had a built in vibrator, and both were affected by the bumps in
 the road.

      Christine had Julie raise her dress and slide the dildo into her pussy. She
 was already wet enough so that it went in easily, with a sigh. She then had
 her hands strapped to the small rings on the side of the "car seat" so she
 couldn't touch herself. Christine started the vibrator and the car, and off they
 went. Each bump on the road made Julie moan with pleasure.

 "Enjoy it now, for there won't be much more pleasure soon"

      They drove for about a half hour when Christine made Julie put a
 blindfold on. After a few minutes, Christine pulled down a long dirt road, and
 eventually into a mansions' garage. When the door was closed, Julie was
 allowed to take the blindfold off and look around. A male slave opened
 Christine's door, and then went and opened Julie's door. Julie was allowed to
 get up. The dildo and seat was covered with her juice. She promptly licked the
 cream off of the seat. She was told to remove her clothes.

      The male slave (Robert as she later found out) put leather restraining
 straps around Julie's ankles, thighs, upper arms, and wrists. A wide leather
 belt with eight rings was placed around her waist. Her arms were hooked
 together and then behind her to the belt.

      Walking naked into the house, Julie realized that this was no ordinary
 house. There were pictures on the walls of slaves, both male and female, doing
 things that even Julie had never thought of. Several pictures included animals,
 even large farm animals. There were a few male slaves, but mostly there were
 women, bound tightly, with all sorts of torture equipment attached to their
 bodies: nipple clips, butt plugs, dildoes, several women had vaginal and/or anal
 spreaders (Julie was to become intimate with these). Many were covered in
 come from head to toe.

      "These are the pictures of the best slaves, the ones allowed to advance.
 The ones who didn't make it are still here."

      Knowing how old some of those pictures were, made Julie shudder and
 realize that there may be slaves who have been here for years and years.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              THE PREPARATION

      "I will be leaving you for a while, Julie.", Christine said, "You will go
 through your entrance exam, and your physical exam. When you are done, I
 will come back and talk to you. You will listen to what any of the other slaves
 tell you, or order you to do. One will explain the ranking system here."

      Christine applied a black collar around Julie's neck, and left her standing
 in the room with her hands fixed behind her back. She didn't know how long
 she waited until a pretty, young female slave, with a similar collar, but 2 silver
 stars along the front came to get her. As the slave approached, Julie noticed
 how beautiful she was.

      "I'm Susan. I'll be your mistress for your preparation, You will do exactly
 as I say, and maybe you won't get hurt too bad."

      Julie studied Susan carefully. She had long brunette hair, Her breasts
 must have been at least DD cup, which looked quite out of place on her small
 body. Her nipples had large 2" diameter gold rings pierced at the base. Her
 pussy was completely shaven, with rings through both her inner and outer
 pussy lips.

      Susan noticed Julie's staring and said, "Do you like what you see?
 You'd better, you'll be spending the next several hours with me."

      Julie was led into a room set up like a doctors' office, complete with
 examination table. The difference with this office, was that there were several
 different IV bags hanging over the table, and all sorts of bizarre looking
 equipment all over the office.

      "Don't worry, you'll learn what each of these devices are for soon
 enough." Susan said.




                     JULIE'S ANNIVERSARY - PART II
                          THE PREPARATION

      "Get up on the table!", said Susan.

      Julie climbed on the table, and had her legs put in the familiar stirrups. Her
 ankles, thighs, waist, arms, and wrists were attached to the table. Susan
 proceeded to explain the evening's events:

      "Tonight you will go through your physical exam, similar to a regular OB
 exam. Then you will have your limits exam, where we determine your limits. Trust
 me, this will be like no experience you have ever had before."

      Susan said this with a smile that left Julie with chills. Susan placed a covered
 stand next to Julie, then she left the room. Time passed, After some time, a pretty
 woman, dressed like a nurse walked into the room. It was obvious that she too
 was a slave, though a high ranking one, evidenced by the 5 stars on her collar. She
 entered the room and took off her lab coat, also revealing DD size breasts with 2"
 gold rings through the nipples and a shaven pussy.

      The nurse said, "first your standard exam." Julie had a standard OB/GYN
 exam, complete with internal.

      "Now comes your limits exam. Here we will test your limits of pain and
 pleasure, as well as how large your body orifices can get. First we will clean you
 out."

      The nurse brought over an enema bag setup that was like no other Julie had
 ever seen: from the top of the bag came a hose that the nurse connected to a
 faucet. The other end to the bag went through some type of meter and then to an
 adapter. The nurse went to the covered tray, and picked something off of it. "We
 give enemas a little differently here. This will spread your asshole wide open, then
 we just flush you out."

      She applied some lube to the device, and inserted it into Julie's rectum. it had a
 small handle that, when turned, made the device wider. The nurse spread Julie's
 ass to about 2 1/2" wide. This was a little uncomfortable, but Julie had had larger
 things in her ass before this.The nurse then slipped a long (1 1/2 FOOT) thin colon
 catheter into Julie and turned the water on. It was warm water, and Julie's
 embarrassment grew as she realized that she couldn't hold anything inside her, all
 of the contents of her insides ended up on the floor.

      "There, you are nice and clean," said the nurse, removing the ass spreader.
 "Now we can begin. First, we start with your lovely breasts. By the time you are
 done here, your breasts will be as big as mine."

      Another female slave walked in, she looked only about 17 years old. She
 was only 5' tall, about 100lbs, and she also had a DD size breasts with 2" nipple
 rings. Her collar showed only 2 stars.

      "Nancy, take the needle whip and start on her breast, only light scratches.
 Concentrate on the underside."

      Nancy picked up a short whip, with about 30 thin leather strands. As the
 whip was brought closer, Julie noticed that there were fine silver needles affixed
 all over the strands. At each stroke of the whip, Julie moaned quietly, and then
 more and more loudly as the strokes got harder and harder. Each stroke left fine
 scratches all over Julie's beautiful breasts. Soon, her breasts were swollen, and
 covered with streaks of blood. After there was a fine covering of blood, the nurse
 told Nancy that she could leave.

      Julie was lying on the table, moaning loudly. The nurse said, "so my dear,
 how are we doing? We haven't even started to touch your limits have we? Don't
 worry, by the time we are done, your asshole and pussy are going to be so
 stretched, you won't ever have to strain to make a shit ever again. Now, we have
 to clean off all that blood don't we?" The nurse pulled out a spray bottle.  "Guess
 what we have here? Good old rubbing alcohol. We can't have any of those
 scratches getting infected can we?" She sprayed a fine mist of alcohol onto Julie's
 breasts, eliciting a blood curdling (sorry, no pun intended) scream from Julie's
 mouth. Tears in her eyes, she watched the nurse spray more and more alcohol
 onto her breasts, until the pain just died away.

      The nurse roughly wiped the blood and alcohol mixture away, and said,
 "well, time to move on. How about your ass now? It's been cleaned out, now let's
 see how long you can hold your self under pressure."

      The nurse hooked Julie back up to the enema machine, only without the
 spreader. "We'll start with only 1 1/2 quarts. Every enema you get here will have
 some chemical additives. All the slaves get them. You will also get pills and
 injections of similar medications. Some of these medications will enlarge your
 breasts. Others will make your pussy increase the amount of lubrication that it puts
 out. Look at mine." The nurse's shaven pussy lips were red and swollen, her clit
 protruded at least 3/4" away from the hood of her clit, her juices had begun to run
 down her leg. "Other medications will make you continuously horny, or enlarge
 your clit like mine. If the masters decide, you make get stuff to make your breasts
 start producing milk. Basically we can control every sexual function of your body."

      The nurse started the enema. Julie was used to at least 2 quarts, so she
 was only slightly uncomfortable. "Well, lets continue. how about another 1 1/2
 quarts?" After there were three quarts in her, Julie was visibly distended, and
 moaning loudly. "Only 1/2 more quarts to go."

      The nurse then told Julie that she had to hold the entire 3 1/2 quarts for 15
 minutes without a butt plug, or face severe punishment:: a 4 quart enema for an
 hour, with constant pussy whipping with the needle whip. The enema plug was
 removed from Julie's ass. You could hear Julie straining to hold in the 3 1/2
 quarts.

      "Only 1 minute left Julie.........OK, almost there....." The nurse suddenly
 grabbed a medium sized butt plug and rammed it into Julie's ass. Julie screamed
 loudly:: "I thought you said I could let it out after 15 minutes!!"

      "No, my dear, I said that you wouldn't have to hold it after 15 minutes.
 Now the butt plug will hold it for the next 15, and we'll add another 15 onto that
 for talking without permission. I'll be back in a half an hour."

      The nurse strapped a 6" X 6" vibrating box to Julie's belly to make the
 enema even more uncomfortable, and then left the room with Julie whimpering.

      45 Minutes later, the nurse came back in. "Sorry, I got delayed." Julie was
 moaning loudly, with the vibrator humming away. Water had seeped out from
 around the butt plug and dripper onto the floor. "Well, you got along relatively ok. I
 guess I'll let you empty yourself out.

      Julie assumed that she'd be let out of the restraints to go relieve herself, but
 the nurse went to a control box on the wall, and the table tilted up so that her butt
 was directly above her face. "Time to go..." The nurse removed the vibrator, and
 pulled the butt plug out of Julie's straining bowels. Julie tried to hold it, but after
 an hour of enemas, 3 1/2 quarts of water sprayed up into the air, and down onto
 Julie's face   and chest.

      Covered in the dirty liquid, Julie lay on the table, sobbing. This didn't last
 long, as the nurse pulled a hose from the ceiling, and sprayed Julie with water that
 was just above freezing. She then turned the table back to it's normal position.

      Julie's nipples were standing straight out from her striped breasts. "Ahhh,
 your nipples are hard, you know what that means..." The nurse grabbed two
 strange looking nipple clamps and showed them to Julie. "I thought I'd show these
 to you, as they are somewhat different to the clamps that you are used to." The
 clamps had roughened areas where they gripped the nipples, but there was a
 needle attached to a screw that when turned, advances the needle through any
 area that is clamped. "We use these clamps to pierce slaves' nipples. It is a lot
 slower, and more painful than your ordinary piercing."




                          Julie's Anniversary - 3

                        PART 3- THE TEST CONTINUES

      Julie's nipples were standing straight out from her striped breasts. "Ahhh,
 your nipples are hard, you know what that means..." The nurse grabbed two
 strange looking nipple clamps and showed them to Julie. "I thought I'd show these
 to you, as they are somewhat different to the clamps that you are used to." The
 clamps had roughened areas where they gripped the nipples, but there was a
 needle attached to a screw that when turned, advances the needle through any
 area that is clamped. "We use these clamps to pierce slaves' nipples. It is a lot
 slower, and more painful than your ordinary piercing."

      The nurse applied the nipple clamps to Julie's nipples by grabbing her
 already erect nipples, placing the clamps over the nipples, and letting them snap
 shut. A loud scream came from Julie, her nipples now throbbing. She new that
 there was no way out of this, and she knew that pleading would only make things
 worse. Julie thought about her position: strapped wide open in this modified GYN
 table, her breasts striped, burning from the alcohol bath, and now clamped. She
 knew what came next.

      "Now, we can't have your lovely breasts sagging, can we?" The nurse
 picked up a 2 lb weight, attached two "bungee" type cords to her breasts, and
 then attached the bungee's to a single rope threaded through a pulley on the roof.
 She pulled the cord taught, stretching Julie's breast slightly, attached the weight,
 and let it drop.

      Julie felt like her breast were going to be ripped off of her body, but the
 bungees absorbed enough of the shock, so that there was just severe pain.

      "How does that feel? Going for a stretch? Now, we move on to your ass.
 We have to figure out exactly how much your asshole can take." The nurse rolled
 a machine that basically looked like a large box on wheels over to the table and
 attached the box to the table so that the two were as one. The nurse opened a
 drawer and pulled out a dildo looking device that was about 2" by 7". The dildo
 had a metal tip, and there were metal rings around the dildo at 1/2" distances.

      "Now I know you can take something this big in your ass, so I'm not even
 going to work my way up. This is the largest one we have: Don't worry though, it
 does get bigger. MUCH bigger." The nurse attached the dildo to a small bolt on the
 front of the box, and hooked up several wires to the back end of the dildo. She
 flipped a few switches, and the box began to hum. She flipped a few more, and
 the dildo began to do things that Julie couldn't see.

      "It's in perfect order. Now, I'm going to put this dildo up your ass. As the
 machine runs its cycles, the dildo will get bigger and smaller, repeating the cycles
 many times. Overall, however, the dildo will get bigger and bigger. The dildo will
 get both thicker and longer, with the machine being able to sense when damage
 will occur, so you will be in extreme pain, but no permanent damage will occur.
 The metal rings around the dildo will administer electric shocks of varying intensity,
 from mild to severe. The multiple rings allow the device to select what part of your
 ass will get the shock. After each shock, the resulting relaxation of your rectal
 muscles will allow the dildo to expand even more. You will understand after you
 see the cocks on some of the males (not all human) around here why you need
 stretched body cavities."

      The nurse places the head of the fake cock against the hole of Julie's ass
 and forced about 3 inches into her ass. Julie felt the large intruder in her rectum,
 feeling quite full, but not too painful.

      "I'll be leaving you now, I'll be back in about an hour or so, when the
 machine pages me." The nurse flipped a switch on the machine, and Julie
 screamed as the rest of the 7" length of the dildo was rammed into her asshole in
 one push.




                          Julie's Anniversary - 4

                     Julie's testing: Her ass gets it

      "I'll be leaving you now, I'll be back in about an hour or so, when the
 machine pages me." The nurse flipped a switch on the machine, and Julie
 screamed as the rest of the 7" length of the dildo was rammed into her asshole in
 one push.

      Julie felt the dildo sliding in and out of her ass slowly, as perhaps a good
 assfuck might be. But she knew that this pleasant feeling wouldn't last too long.
 As soon as she thought that, her entire gut wrenched up, as she felt the blast of
 electricity surge through her. Her ass clenched around the dildo, trying to dislodge
 it, without success. The shock stopped, and as she relaxed, she felt the dildo get
 slightly bigger. Once again,  the dildo began sliding in and out of her now sore ass.
 and once again, her entire body tensed up as the electrical shock hit her. She felt
 the dildo get slightly larger, now stretching her asshole just a bit too much for it to
 be considered uncomfortable. She also realized that as she tensed up, she started
 those weights attached to the bungee cords moving, causing her breasts to start
 painfully bouncing around.

      This stretching continued for the next hour. Her ass was rubbed raw,
 bleeding slightly. SHe was becoming somewhat immune to the electrical shocks,
 but each stretch of the dildo was a new experience in pain. But, she realized, she
 had had at least 15 orgasms, each more draining than the first. She could feel the
 pool of pussy juice (now mixed with blood) formed around her ass.

      The machine began to beep softly, and she saw the nurse enter the room
 again. "How are we doing? feeling open yet?" The nurse pressed one more button
 on the machine, and Julie screamed as the dildo enlarged about twice the width in
 usually grew, and it forcfully began reaming her ass. After a minute of this, Julie was
 brought to a screaming orgasm, and she felt the dildo slow down, and finally stop
 and pull out. Her ass felt so wide open, and her muscles were too weak to even
 close up the hole.

      The nurse pulled the machine away from the exam table, and showed Julie the
 new size of the dildo. Julie was amazed. THe dildo was at least 10" long, and 6"
 wide, covered in blood. "You'll be given ample time to heal, which is the next
 process before we go on to your pussy. Imagine, you'll get a dildo larger than this
 one in your pussy after your ass is healed.

      "Here's what's going to happed to you next. You will have an Intravenous
 line started in both your arms, one will contain nutrients, high in proteien and
 minerals. The other will contain several chemicals. One will be a sedative: you will
 be kept sedated for the next week while you heal, that way we don't have to
 worry about you going anywhere. Another will be extremely high concentrations of
 the hormones that make your body sexually exited. By the time you wake up, even
 the slightest touch on your clit will bring you to a screaming orgasm. Still another
 will make your vagina begin to secrete incredibley large amounts of lubrication.
 Another will make your clit grow to about the same size as mine."

      The nurse lifed her skirt up, to show her engorged pussy, with legs that
 were completely soaked with pussy juice. Her clit was at least 3/4" long. "I have
 never experienced the types of orgasms that I have now, since I had the treatment
 you are about to receive." The nurse continued with the list of bodily changes that
 are going to occur to Julie.

      "Another chemical will make use of the high concentrations of fat that will
 be in the nutrient solutiion, and your breasts will grow to the DD size that mine
 are. And last, but not least, you will start producing milk-not the little amount they
 normally would, but several cups a day. To stay comfortable, you will need to be
 milked at least twice a day.  One of the best (worst) tortures I have ever had, was
 when my master didn't milk my breasts for 2 weeks. My breasts were so swollen
 and purple by the end of the two weeks that just touching them made milk leak
 out. He hooked me up to the milking machine and pulled about 1 1/2 quarts out of
 by breasts, which he promptly gave to me as an enema. I have never felt so
 relieved in my life. Of course, the milking machine is never a gentle way to get milk
 out of your breasts. It's the same machine used to milk the cows that are on the
 farm."

      "But enough chat. The technicians will be in to start you up. have a good
 time. The nurse pulled on the breast weights a couple of times before she left the
 room. Then, two good looking men, with collars with 3 stars on them came into
 the room. Now Julie saw what those chemicals did to the men here: The men had
 slightly larger than average penises, but their balls were HUGE. She didn't know
 how the men stood having them swing so much. But Julie didn't get to play with the
 cocks,

      One tech roughly pulled the clamps from her tits, leaving a bloody trail, and
 the other said "I'm going to put a tube into your bladder, that way, you won't piss
 yourself while you are being medicated."

      The tech opened up a kit and took a foley catheter, put some sterile KY on
 it, roughly pulled her pussy open, and pushed the catheter into her bladder. When
 he inflated the balloon, she saw him grin as he put a few extra CC's of water in
 the balloon: "Just to make sure that you don't accidentally pull the catheter out."

      She felt the sharp stings of the needles in her arms, saw the fluids dripping
 into her arms, and the lights seemed to dim out utill......

 ****TO BE CONTINUED IN JULIE5.ZIP: JULIES' PUSSY GETS IT

 EXPECT SPREADING, FISTING, FORCED ORGASMS ELECTRONICALLY,
 ELECTRICAL SHOCKS, CLIT TORTURE, AND PIERCING OF HER PUSSY.

 ONCE AGAIN, PLEASE FORWARD COMMENTS. I APPRECIATE THE COMMENTS
 RECEIVED SO FAR, AS YOU CAN SEE, BREAST TORTURE IS ON THE WAY, AND
 SHE IS DUE TO GO TO THE FARM SOON.




                          Julie's Anniversary - 5
                          
                          JULIE'S PUSSY GETS IT

      She felt the sharp stings of the needles in her arms, saw the fluids dripping
 into her arms, and the lights seemed to dim out utill......

      ......She woke up lying on the same examination table, with her legs spread.
 She was somewhat groggy, but examined herself. She looked down her body, and
 was amazed: Her breasts were huge, with large nipples protruding from them. Her
 pussy!!! Her clit was at least 3/4" long. The nurse came up to her. "Well, you're back.
 I'm glad. We'll start right now with the pussy stretcher." The nurse rolled the smae
 machine that was used to work on her ass over, but this time, there was a HUGE
 dildo attached. It was 3" in diameter and 9" long. The nurse started rubbing Julie's clit.
 Shockwaves went through julie's body. SHe had never been as sensitive ats this.
 "Yes, I know, you can't believe that your clit feels like this. Well, you haven't felt
 anything yet. The nurse attached two clamps to her inner pussy lips, and attached the
 other end to rings on the machine. This spread Julie's pussy wide open. Her jucies
 were flowing copiously. She felt the nurse push the dildo into her pussy. She had
 never felt so full. She then felt somthing being placed on her clit.

      "That is an electrical nerve stimulator. It can be used for pleasure....or pain. It's
 is the extreme of both. It can make you come and come, or it can make you scream
 with agony. You're lucky. You get the pleasure....today. Watch."

      All of a sudden her pussy exploded with pleasure, getting her closer and closer
 to coming. All of a sudden, she exploded in a blinding orgasm. As she felt her
 muscles contract, the dildo resisted the contractions and got larger. Her body fell back
 against the table, sweat covering her.

      "Well? What do you think? After each orgasm, the dildo will increase in size
 1/4" in diameter and 1/3" in length, untill it is 7" thick, and 12" long. Then it will make
 you have 4 more orgasms without and stroking. Then it will stroke you to 4 more.
 THen you will just sit there, full for 10 minutes."

      The nurse flipped that magical switch, and left the room. Shockwave after
 shockwave went through Julie's body. In less than 30 seconds, her first of god knows
 how many orgasms went through her. Then the dildo got bigger. It was already
 beginning to stretch her past any fist that had ever been inside her.

      Sweat was dripping off of her, pussy juice was in a puddle under her ass, and
 her pussy was red and swollen. After 12 or so orgasms, the dildo reached full size
 and began stroking in and out of her now tortured pussy. She was so full, that her
 pussy lips could not even move. She was screaming inside form the pain and the
 pleasure, as the machine registered her last four orgasms.

      The stroking stopped. She just lay on the table, exausted. A few moments later,
 she opened her eyes and saw an amazing site: there was milk all over her breasts.
 She haden't even noticed that with each orgasm, milk starting pouring out of her huge
 breasts. She tried to look between her legs, but was too tired.

      After the ten minutes (which seemed like an hour) the nurse came back in.
 "Well, you certanly can hold a large cock in you. I don't think you will have a problem
 fucking the horses on the farm. But first you will get the tour of the building, see the
 experiments that we have going on here, and then you will go to the farm-where you
 will get milked, and get your first taste of horse cum...and horse piss."

      She pulled the still huge dildo out of Julie's pussy, which continued to gape
 wide open. So the nurse roughly jammed her fist in to the waiting hole. Feeling her
 cervix, she balled her fist up and quickly pulled her hand out of Julie, who
 subsequently screamed.

      "Don't feel so bad, it will get worse with the horses. Look at what was in you."
 The nurse held up the huge dildo 7" X 12", which looked like the weapon that it was.
 Unprepared, it could do a lot of damage to a woman's vagina.

      "Rest for a while," the nurse said, undoing Julie's bonds, "Take a shower in the
 next room, but be ready in one hour for your next experience...The laboratory..."

 ****NEXT, JULIE SEES THE LABORATORY, AND THEN GOES TO THE FARM TO BE MILKED AND
 MEET THE HORSES.****

 SORRY FOR THE DELAY. WORK WAS A BITCH.

 AS ALWAYS, COMMENTS ARE DESIRED AND APPRECIATED. LEAVE AS JULIECXX.ZIP

 THANKS,

 DOCTOR X




                          Julie's Anniversary - 6

     "Don't feel so bad, it will get worse with the horses. Look at
     what was in you." The nurse held up the huge dildo 7" X 12",
     which looked like the weapon that it was. Unprepared, it could do
     a lot of damage to a woman's vagina.       "Rest for a while,"
     the nurse said, undoing Julie's bonds, "Take a shower in the next
     room, but be ready in one hour for your next experience...The
     laboratory..."

                                     The Laboratory

     A new woman came to pick Julie up. She had long streight black
     hair, down to her ass. "My name is Andrea. Mistress Andrea to
     you. I'm one on the scientists that developed the systems that
     changed your body into the slut machine that it is now. I'm going
     to show you the laboratory where we do some of our experiments. I
     won't be showing you anything too scientific, just some of the
     more interesting things."

     Andrea brought a wheelchair over to Julie and told her to sit in
     it. There were two moderate sized dildoes on the chair, making it
     obvious where she was to sit. Once  she was in place, Andrea
     wheeled Julie into the hallway naked as a jaybird. The dildoes
     were having an effect on her, as each bump she went over pushed
     the fake cocks deep inside her body.

     "First I will show you one the male experimentation rooms. In
     this room, we have men who have been altered with the use of high
     dose hormones, so that they experience enlargment of their
     testicles, which produces large amounts of semen. Similar to your
     breasts, which now produce milk, they must be milked once an
     hour, every hour, and as soon as they awake, they are immediately
     masturbated three times, to reduce the pressure in their
     reproductive tracts. One of our best tortures, is not to let them
     ejaculate for a few hours. The pain is incredible. They become so
     sensitive that once we let them come, one or two strokes and they
     are squirting it all over the place. To give you an idea about
     how much the average orgasm is, they usually have about 25 hard
     muscle spasms, with each spasm producing about 1/2 a teaspoon of
     semen. Obviously, when I say that their balls are large..."

     The door opened, and Julie's eyes grew large. There were two men
     tied to X frames, moaning softly. While their semi-hard dicks
     were only slightly larger than average (about 7" long) their
     balls were HUGE!!! Each seemed to be the size of a tennis ball.

     "We have prepared a demonstration for you," said Andrea, "these
     men were particularly bad, so they have not ejaculated for 10
     hours, almost the longest ever. Can you imagine having 10 hours
     of blue balls? Now, watch the demonstration. Another part of this
     demonstration will show the dedication of our slaves once they
     leave here."

     Two twin girls walked it and one said "We have been slaves here
     since we were born. Our names are 'Slut' and 'Whore' and that is
     what we are. Our lives are dedicated to serving our masters and
     mistrisses."  Andrea said "these girls both love to swallow cum.
     They adore it in all ways, and will drink it no matter where it
     comes from. Now watch:"

      One of the girls (Who had the name "Slut" tattooed just above
     her pussy) went over to the first man and bent over and spread
     her ass, revealing is to have been recently stretched and
     greased. She quickly grabbed the man's cock, and shoved it into
     her asshole. The man groaned immeidately and began almost
     screaming. Julie could see the huge muscle contractions of his
     crotch, as he pumped gallons of cum into the girl 'Slut'.

      After about 45 seconds, she began fucking him, and after about
     30 seconds  he groaned again and began coming. During all this,
     her sister was licking 'slut's' pussy and the cum leaking out of
     her asshole.  After about four orgasms, the man went limp (and
     not just his cock).

     Andrea said "now watch"  Whore lay down on the ground and opened
     her mouth. Slut (obviously straining to keep the large volume of
     cum in her ass) bend down over Whore's mouth and let loose. Cum
     was streaming out of Slut's ass into Whore's mouth, and covered
     her face. Whore and Slut were rubbing their own pussys, cumming
     constantly. Julie saw what must have been at least two CUPS!!! of
     come pour out of that asshole and into that mouth.

     The cum was squirting out of Slut's asshole, covering Whore's
     face, both moaning constantly. As soon as the last amount of cum
     had come out of that puckered asshole, slut immediatly turned
     around and began licking off all of that cum that was on her
     sister's face.

     After the cum was licked off of Whore's face, Slut bent over and
     whore put her mouth to the still cum covered asshole and began
     licking and sucking it until there was no cum left.

     Meanwhile, the other guy was moaning even louder, now that his
     "friend" has gotten off, but not him. The girls went to a cabinet
     and removed a clear sheath, with a clear tube attatched to the
     closed end. The other end of the tube had an enema nozzle on it.
     Whore bent over, and her sister pushed the enema nozzle into her
     ass.

     Carefully, Slut poured some mineral oil into the sheath and
     lubricated the inside well. Julie was moved over closer so she
     could see the action. Slut slipped (slowly, so the man wouldn't
     cum) the sheath over the man's straining cock. Once fully
     enclosed, she began stroking the rigid cock, util the man let out
     a moan and began coming. Julie could see the loads of cum pouring
     out of the cock, and with nowhere to go, it went down the tube
     into Whore's waiting ass. After the orgasm was over, Slut began
     again. The man, who hadn't come in what seemed like weeks, began
     coming only 45 seconds later, still producing 8-10 tablespoons of
     the white creamy cum. Two more times the proceedure was repeated.
     Slut then removed the sheath and placed it back onto the now hard
     cock of the other man, and jerked him off twice.

     Julie could see all that cum go through the clear tube into
     Whore's ass (wanting to taste it, knowing how badly she needed it
     by the puddle of juices she was sitting in, and her erect, but
     unsatisfied clit). Slut pulled the sheath off of the drained man,
     and removed it from the tube coming out of Whore's ass.

     Slut put the tube into her mouth and began sucking the cum out of
     her sister's ass while furiously rubbing her pussy (as was her
     sister). After sucking about 2/3's of the cum into her mouth, she
     pulled the tube out (holding it as to not lose any cum) and went
     to her sister's mouth and poured the cum into Whore's mouth.
     Whore then took the tube and sucked the rest of the cum OUT OF
     HER OWN ASSHOLE!!!

     The sisters then began kissing each other, passing globs of cum
     back and forth between themselves.

     Andrea said "Someday, you'll love cum that much.... But, now your
     breasts must be getting a little heavy, I think we need to take
     care of that milk in there."

     ****CHAPTER 7. JULIE GETS MILKED, AND GETS TO PUNISH A SLAVE WHO
     MASTURBATED WHEN SHE SHOULDN'T HAVE (CLIT TORTURE). THEN OFF TO
     THE BARN....******

     *****COMMENTS ARE NEEDED. I HAVEN'T THOUGHT OF ANY CHAPTERS PAST
     THE BARN. UPLOAD TO R&E BBS AS JULIECXX.ZIP IF THERE AREN'T ANY
     COMMENTS, THE STORY MIGHT END AFTER THE BARN******




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





