BDSM Library - A Tale Of Chinese Torment




A Tale Of Chinese Torment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Chinese Foreign Minister is upset at the all-female team that did an expose of the terrible human rights abuses in China. He orders them taken care of and they get to experience those abuses first hand.
			A Tale of Chinese Torment by Llabmik

				Chapter 1 - Outrage

	In his luxurious Washington hotel room, the Chinese Minister of Foreign
Trade was livid. On TV, Chrissy, the enchantingly voluptuous newsreader, was
just winding up a series of five evening news specials called The China Reports.
She coyly adjusted her  neckline and looked earnest, in a phony, Hollywood sort
of way. While seeming to look directly into the camera, she read smoothly from
the monitor.

	"I hope tonight's news special, and the four preceding it, have informed you
of the terrible humanitarian record of the Chinese government. Their attempts to
limit population growth have resulted in many of their orphanages being turned
into veritable snuff factories, as was shown on Monday's special. Their brutally
exploitive, unsafe factory conditions, providing dirt cheap labour, including
child labour,  for Western multi-national Corporations, were revealed in
Tuesday's special. Their ghastly environmental record, along with the death toll
and human misery it causes, was explored Wednesday. Their brutal treatment of
dissenters and people who aren't politically aligned with the Communist cause
was revealed Thursday. Tonight's summary of all that preceded concluded with a
plea to halt the trade talks currently underway until human decency is restored
to mainland China. The Chinese Minister of Foreign Trade is visiting with our
President and our leaders now. I'm Chrissy Tansman and I urge you to send  our
leaders a clear message to do all in their power to halt all dealings with what
is truly an 'Evil Empire'."

	Lovely Chrissy adopted what she thought of as her 'really totally sincere'
expression.

	"If this were China, I would probably be shot for saying any of this and
they would bill my family for the bullet. Good-night!"

	Accustomed to deeply respectful, totally subservient reporting from the
government controlled news organizations in his own country, the Chinese
Minister of Foreign Trade was totally outraged. He was quickly on the phone to
the Spymaster.

	"I want everyone involved in this news special dealt with! Such effrontery
and disrespect cannot be allowed! Who do they think they are?"

	He listened to the Spymaster's respectful and deeply calming suggestion of
what could be done in the good ole U.S. of A., the land of opportunity. The
Minister grinned.

	"Excellent! I did not realize that this was possible! We do have facilities
back home for dealing with such people at length and if you can manage to
sereptitiously ship the major offenders there, without ruffling the waters
diplomatically, you will have The Party's undying gratitude! Such a
master-stroke would silence these meddlesome idiots permanently! If you succeed,
it will be made painfully clear to them for the rest of their short, miserable
lives that they understand nothing at all about how the real world works!"

	The Minister listened a bit more. His grin broadened.

	"It will take a few months? You will wait until they move onto other
projects and other places and just pick them off one by one? Excellent!!"

	The Minister hung up and got back to business. Her nipples were like
cherries. Her firm young tits were like honeydew melons. His topless daughter
knelt before him, cupping his balls gently while licking the underside of his
hardening cock. She beavered away skillfully, teasing him erect, gobbling dick
like a pro.

	Behind him, his nude wife knelt submissively, her once-proud face buried in
his butt-crack. Her lips encircled his anus, sucking gently. Her long tongue
probed his asshole deeply. As his loving daughter deep-throated him and his
loyal wife licked his rectum squeaky clean, he sighed with satisfaction.

	"May Dr. Chan be praised!"

	Their mouths full, his women murmured their bone deep respect for Dr. Chan,
the brain-washing specialist whose 'counselling' had changed them from spoiled,
troublesome bitches into Daddy's eager-to-please fucktoys. The Minister groaned
ecstatically as he pumped a thick scumwad down his daughter's open throat.
Daddy's little girl gulped it down eagerly. As he came, he opened his bowels
briefly and his bareass, suckass wife dutifully swallowed a fart.

	The Minister smiled happily. Despite it's difficulties, life was good.




			Chapter 2 - A True Fashion Magnet

	The black hearse rolled into the alley behind the closed dress shop. Karla,
a classic leather bitch, stepped out. She unlocked the back door of the dress
shop. Her callipygous buttocks had a smooth dominant bounce as she strode
purposefully in her spike heeled boots. She rolled a heavy steel coffin out of
the back of the hearse onto a gurney and into the dress shop. She removed the
CLOSED FOR REPAIRS sign from the front window, picked up the phone and dialed.
On the other end, after listening briefly, Pam was ecstatic. The call display
feature of her phone had silently confirmed to her that the source of the call
was indeed one of the most expensive dress shops in the city.

	"I can't believe it! I won a complete outfit by Armani? To be quite frank, I
don't even remember entering this contest! Are you quite sure?"

	In her small office, News Director Pam bounced delightedly like a small
child on Christmas morning. Her big melons bounced right along.

	"Oh, it's a charity raffle where you have to enter a friend instead of
yourself? That's sort of a neat idea! Who entered me? What do you mean, you
can't tell?"

	She grinned.

	"Don't worry. I'm a news person, a veritable bloodhound. I'll track 'em
down."

	She cocked her head.

	"For an Armani outfit, you don't have to ask me twice if I can I come in for
a fitting this afternoon! And, for sure, I'll bring black stockings and high
heels, so I get the look right."

	Pam laughed hilariously, unable to believe her luck.

	"No problem, it's just after lunchtime now. I'll be there before a diamond
can twinkle twice!"

	A short time later, the bell on the door tinkled pleasantly as Pam stepped
into the deserted dress shop. It was a Tuesday afternoon and she was the only
one in the store. A salesgirl lounged indolently behind the counter. Pam
introduced herself. The hitherto languid salesgirl was delighted.

	"Step this way to the dressing booths, Pam, O Mighty Contest Winner!"

	The salesgirl raised her arms and did her Barbara Eden imitation. She
salaamed like a genie, recently released from a magic lamp, greeting it's new
master. Pam laughed.

 	"Your wish is my command, as long as you wish for Armani! You have your
choice of Armani outfits! As you can see, Tuesday afternoon isn't a big time for
us, so I can devote myself entirely to you, O Mighty Master!"

	She ushered Pam to the back of the store.

	"Here's the dressing booth! Take off your outfit and I'll fetch you a few
selections to try on. You remembered the stockings and high heels, I see."

	While Pam was peeling, the salesgirl went to the front of the store. Karla,
the leather bitch, was waiting.

	"She's in the back, stripping eagerly for action, Mistress Karla."

	Karla nodded curtly.

	"Good! Your work is done, Slave Cynthia. Put the CLOSED sign up on the door
and lock it as you leave."

	Cynthia's pretty head bobbed respectfully. She did as she was bid.

	Karla opened the dressing room door. Pam, dressed in her underwear,
stockings and heels, stared at the evil-looking stranger in surprise.

	"Who are you? What are you doing here?"

	Karla displayed a gleaming hypodermic syringe. She prided herself on keeping
it short and to the point, so to speak.

	"This is a hypodermic needle used in an AIDS clinic to take blood samples
from an AIDS victim. I will jab it into you unless you do exactly what I say."

	Pam stared at the sharp, shining needle in pure horror.

	"What do you want?"

	Karla tossed her a ball gag.

	"Stick the rubber ball in your mouth and buckle the attached strap behind
your head to hold it in place."

	Pam did it and found that, with the gag in place, she had lost all of her
negotiating ability.

	"Remove the bra and panties. You can keep the stockings and high heels on."

	Pam was unhappy but, now that she'd gagged herself, she couldn't plead,
question or argue.

	Karla gestured impatiently with the needle. Hurriedly, Pam uncupped mammoth
mammaries capped by large, red nipples. A thick, richly curled muff was unveiled
when she pulled down her panties and stepped out of them. Karla thought that Pam
looked very yummy indeed for a middle-aged beauty a bit past her prime. She
handed Pam the padded leather blindfold.

	"Put it on and buckle it snugly so that it's nice and tight and not a single
ray of light gets in."

	Deeply distressed, Pam took an enchantingly deep breath to steady herself
and strapped on the blindfold with trembling fingers. Now she couldn't even see
what was happening. 

	"Hands behind your back, palms out."

	Pam did it and found that, with her hands tied palms out, she couldn't grasp
anything and was much more helpless than if she were tied with her palms facing
each other. Life as a News Director gives a woman deep insight into human
depravity, filling her mind with the most horrific possibilities. Poor Pam was
shaking with fear, making her titanic tits tremble delectably.

	"Spread your legs, bitch."

	Sightless and thoroughly cowed, Pam spread them. Her ankles were cuffed to
either end of a steel, leg-spreading bar. Now that her quaking victim was bound
and helpless, Karla got down to business.

	Pam gasped as a large dildo was rammed home as far as it would go. The
remainder protruded obscenely from between her parted cuntlips.

	Pam squealed frantically with each turn as a large corkscrew butt plug was
twisted brutally into her suddenly burning asshole, stretching it achingly wide.

	Pam whimpered as the nipple clamps were screwed tight. There was a brief
moment of excruciatingly intimate agony as a tube was rammed up her pisshole and
her bladder was drained of urine.

	Pam screamed herself hoarse as the clit clamp was slowly and lovingly
tightened, brutally pinching the most exquisitely sensitive nubbin of flesh a
female possesses.

	Karla surveyed the flushed and gasping Pam. It was time to pack her up and
ship her off. She buckled on the dog collar, making sure that it was so tight
that Pam couldn't swallow her own spit, making her drool around the edges of the
ball gag. She snapped on the leash and trotted Pam out to the loading dock.

	Karla's black hearse was waiting in the alley, backed up to the loading
dock, back door open. Just inside the door to the back alley, the heavy steel
coffin rested on it's gurney. It's top gaped open, waiting to swallow Pam. Karla
uncuffed Pam's ankles and wrists and helped her into the coffin. Pam moved
slowly and arthritically, like an old woman, largely paralysed by her pain and
terror. Once Pam had blindly crawled into the coffin and was lying face up,
Karla prepped her for transport.

	A row of studded black leather traps attached to the floor of the coffin
waited to enfold 	 the lovely victim in their brutally tight embrace and to
prevent any unseemly pounding from emanating from within. A studded leather
strap clamped Pam's ankles together. Other straps were cinched tight just above
and below her knees. Waist straps and chest straps clamped Pams arms firmly to
her sides. A thick forehead strap prevented any head-banging. Karla snapped the
breathing mask onto Pam's tearstained face and adjusted the oxygen flow
carefully. Karla connected up Pam's bladder tube to the piss bottle. She licked
Pam's earhole and whispered breathily into the moistened orifice.

	"Bon voyage, slut. I have two pieces of advice to help you handle your
future: scream long and scream hard!"

	 She gave Pam's clit clamp an extra twist. Pam blubbered hysterically as the
heavy lid thudded shut, sealing her inside the casket, dark and silent as the
tomb. Karla bolted down the top of the thickly padded, soundproof coffin and
lovely Pam was ready to go.

	Karla rolled the gurney with the coffin on it out to the hearse. The coffin
slid smoothly into the back. Karla closed the back, went to the front, slid
behind the wheel and turned on the CD player.

	The black hearse rolled smoothly out of the alley, it's powerful engine
whispering softly, to the strains of Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head.




				Chapter 3 - Scooped!				
				
	Chrissy peeled off her slightly soiled panties and tossed them carelessly on
the floor. Putting out for the network vice-president had been hard work. An
older man, it had taken him forever to come. She was almost falling asleep by
the time he got around to it. She sighed. The young ones were too fast and the
old ones were too slow. 

	She stepped into the bathroom and turned on the shower. The shower drowned
out all noise. As a result, Chrissy heard nothing to alarm her.

   	A short time later, the lovely newsreader stepped out of the hotel shower,
gloriously naked. She towelled herself dry and wrapped a large, pink, fluffy
towel around her delectable bare bod and began to blow dry her flowing silken
hair. Again, over the noise from the dryer, Chrissy could hear nothing alarming.

 	They took her when she stepped out of the bathroom.

	Two members of the Snatch Team grabbed her slim arms, while another jerked
away her pink, fluffy towel. All her goodies, wiggling and jiggling
delightfully, were unveiled. Chrissy opened her mouth to scream. Her soiled
panties were jammed between her parted lips and taped in place. Chrissy was
thrown roughly onto the bed.

	Strong hands gripped her by her slim wrists and shapely ankles and
spread-eagled her naked body on the bed. Her dainty ankles were spread wide and
the first rapist eagerly clambered aboard. Her deep blue eyes opened wide and
she screamed into her panties as he crudely penetrated her. He was the first of
many hard, horny rapists...

	The woman who was to impersonate her for a few days, to confuse the trail
hopelessly, put on the blond wig and the dark, wrap-around sunglasses. She
sorted through Chrissy's clothes while lovely Chrissy squealed on the bed,
opening her holes to the boys. She paused for a moment to watch Chrissy being
groped and squeezed while she was being pumped. There was no hurry in picking
out what to wear. Chrissy's flight didn't leave until the next morning. Young
Chrissy was in superb physical condition, bucking and twisting violently, but
she was no match for the team of hard, horny rapists who were obviously enjoying
her lithe, squirming body and her sweaty, futile struggles.

	They flipped her onto her belly, spread her legs wide and twisted her
perfect feet, pigeon-toed inwards so that she couldn't clench her buttocks.
Chrissy squealed like a boiled pig as the first greased weiner opened her
rectum.

	There was no one in the adjoining rooms. Courtesy of a little computer
hacking into the hotel's database, the highly photogenic beauty had been given a
room isolated from the rest, so that the Snatch Team could put her through her
paces without disturbing the other guests. Some of them couldn't wait and were
rubbing their swollen dicks in her pretty, tear-stained face, spraying cum into
her silken blond hair. It was going to be a long, hard, sticky night for the
naked newsreader.

	In the small hours of the morning, the Snatch Team were sated. A shiny
hypodermic needle was jabbed into her sweaty, sperm-soaked buttock and lovely
Chrissy was sedated. Her luscious lips were untaped. Saliva soaked panties were
lovingly extracted from her slackly gaping mouth. Her unconscious, cum-sticky
body was folded into a small packing case and taken down to the loading dock of
the hotel. Poor, pulchritudinous Chrissy was whisked to the airport to begin her
long flight to mainland China and Mei Ling's strenuous regime.




			Chapter 4 - PimpDaddy's New Bitch

	Her China Special had gotten rave reviews. Vikki, the lesbian Producer, was
giving herself a little reward for a job well done. In the Have-A-Nap motel
(rooms by the hour!), Vikki groaned ecstatically as she came in the black girl's
face. Charlene, beavering away with her long, wet tongue between Vikki's parted
thighs, could apparently breath through her ears. The talented Charlene sucked
on Vikki's clit and flicked her tongue skilfully over it like the extremely
experienced mouth whore that she was. Vikki came repeatedly in her face,
greedily cumming again and again and again. Flushed brick red right down to her
pubic triangle, her nipples achingly erect, panting hard, rivulets of sweat
running down her taut bare belly into her sodden bush, her cunt juice washing
Charlene's shining black face, smelling like a bitch in heat, her cuntlips red,
wet and fully distended, Vikki was in the grip of the most exhilerating,
pornerastic, cataclysmic wave of orgasms that she had ever experienced.

	When, at last, she was done, Vikki slumped, completely exhausted. She looked
down at Charlene, whose black hair looked and smelled like a sodden swamp from
being flooded with orgasmic woman juice. Vikki ran her hand through Charlene's
slimy hair and gave her one of her favourite TV producer lines.

	"I'm going to make you a star, Charlene!"

	Charlene gave a dirty snigger.

	"I already am a star - a silver tongued, scum-sucking whore of a star!"

	Vikki laughed. Life was good when you could afford to hire talent like
Charlene. Charlene looked up at her, grinning like the Cheshire cat from between
her legs.

	"Say hi to Pimpdaddy!"

	Vikki, her brain fogged by lust, furrowed her brow in puzzlement.

	"Huh?"

	Two strong black arms clamped themselves on either side of her neck,
skilfully putting Vikki into a sleeper hold, cutting off the supply of blood to
her brain. Vikki had a brief view of a very large black gentleman as she
struggled feebly, darkness falling rapidly over her consciousness. Her eyes
rolled up in her head and she blacked out.

	As soon as Vikki lost consciousness, Pimpdaddy released the sleeper hold. He
wrapped his fist in her hair, grabbed Vikki's pantihose up off the floor and 
effortlessly dragged her nude body to the bathroom.

	The cold water helped bring her back to consciousness. Vikki slowly awoke,
on her belly in the bathtub, hogtied with her own pantihose. A large, muscular
black man wearing an unbelievable weight of gold chains was running cold water
into the bathtub. Vikki shivered, her nipples shrivelled to tight little acorns
with the cold.

	"W-What do you want?"

	Pimpdaddy looked at her, his eyes cold as arctic ice-pits.

	"Did I say that you could talk, bitch?"

	"Uh, no, actually."

	Pimpdaddy shook his head disgustedly, wrapped his fist in Vikki's hair,
pushed her face underwater and held it there.

	Charlene, the mouth whore, wearing a silk bathrobe, was sitting on the
toilet, lazily chewing gum, watching avidly. She loved watching Pimpdaddy break
in a new bitch. She loved it especially if it was a  white, haughty, snotty,
rich bitch like this one. Teaching a stuck-up bitch how to crawl was a Pimpdaddy
specialty.

	Vikki squirmed frantically. Her finely manicured fingernails dug into her
palms and her pretty painted toes splayed wide as Pimpdaddy effortlessly held
her under. Bubbles foamed up from around her head. Pimpdaddy waited a beat to
make sure that Vikki had sucked in two lungfuls of water and lifted her
contorted face out of the water.

	Vikki coughed and sputtered, gulping air into her water-choked lungs in
great, ragged gasps. As soon as she got enough air into her lungs, she tried to
apologize.

	"I'm sorr..."

	Pimpdaddy cut her off.

	"You really are one dumb cunt. I still haven't given you permission to
speak."

	He shoved Vikki's head back under. She gulped in a quick lungful of air
before she went under. Having a lungful of air only made her anguish last
longer. Pimpdaddy waited patiently for the foam of bubbles around her head.

	Charlene, perched on the toilet, eyes glittering, licked her lips with her
wet, muscular, mouth whore tongue as she watched Vikki's naked body wriggle
helplessly, writhing like a worm drowning in a mud puddle after a rainstorm. She
chewed her gum noisily, blew a bubble and popped it. She smirked evilly.

	"Betcha she shits herself."

	Pimpdaddy smiled and, with his free hand, ruffled his mouth whore's hair
affectionately.

	"The white bitch is not getting out of the tub until she empties herself out
of every orifice."

	Obligingly, Vikki puked when he brought her up for air the next time. He
watched her carefully as she frantically sucked oxygen into her burning lungs.

	"Looks like she's going to try to say something again. Some bitches take a
long time to learn."

	Vikki was horror-stricken.

	"Noooo."

	Pimpdaddy smirked as he pushed Vikki back under, her vomit swirling about
her ears in the tub.

	"Told ya so."

	It was at this point that Vikki fulfilled everyone's expectations and
squeezed out a nice, thick, juicy turd. It floated between her legs in a yellow
sea of pee. Pimpdaddy kept her under until she passed out. He pulled Vikki out
of the tub. Charlene wiped Vikki's face clean with a towel and gave her
mouth-to-mouth to revive her.

	Vikki's bloodshot eyes fluttered open. Pimpdaddy wrapped a hand in her hair
and, with his other hand, gripped her by the crotch with a thumb up her asshole
and a couple of fingers up her cunt, something he called 'the six-pack grip'. He
picked her up and heaved her back into the tub for another swimming lesson.

	Vikki was well on her way to learning the deepest respect possible for her
new pimp owner. Pimpdaddy gracefully allowed her the opportunity of putting her
financial affairs in order before she left, signing over everything she owned to
Pimpdaddy and arranging to transfer over the contents of her bank accounts to
him in a manner that wouldn't attract undue notice. With Pimpdaddy listening in
on the phone, she arranged for a long term leave of absence, pretending to be
another victim of TV burnout. It was deeply upsetting how easily Pimpdaddy
folded up her former life and took it all away from her.

	A week later, Pimpdaddy, Vikki and Charlene were waiting quietly at a
private landing strip on an island just outside of US territorial waters. The
private jet of the Chinese Ambassador landed peacefully. Vikki had no luggage,
just the clothes she had on. Pimpdaddy escorted her on board the jet. He
graciously, and needlessly, introduced himself to the Spymaster's henchmen and
handed over Vikki in return for a suitcase full of unmarked bills of small
denomination. He spoke contemptuously to his former bitch before he and Charlene
left the plane to return to his beloved pink Cadillac and the good ole USA, land
of opportunity.

	"You can take off your raincoat, Vikki. It's not going to rain inside the
plane."

	Everyone laughed at stupid Vikki. Licking her lips nervously, Vikki removed
the raincoat. She was naked underneath, except for her spike heeled, thigh high,
whore boots.

	"You keep everyone amused during the flight. You hear what I'm telling you,
bitch?"

	Vikki nodded humbly. The Spymaster's henchmen sniggered and led her back to
the room with the big double bed and the mirror in the ceiling. It was a long
flight to China. There was lots for a hard humping whore to do in the way of
providing inflight entertainment.




			Chapter 5 - An Example is Made
	
	To provide much-needed privacy, the Tender Willow Clinic was on an island
only accessible by a bridge, affectionately known to the staff as The Bridge Of
A Thousand Sighs. This was Chinese humour as, inside, the inmates were doing a
lot more than just sighing.

	Take, for example, the four naked beauties, three American and one Chinese,
squirming anxiously on their stools. Each had her luscious lips wrapped around a
bright red ball-gag, her wrists tied behind her back and her ankles tied to
either end of a bar fastened to the legs of the stool. They had sat for hours,
naked, bound and helpless, nervously inspecting the array of surgical implements
and carving knives. Prominently featured was a breast guillotine, although the
women rather naively thought that it was for beheading two people at once. They
had watched, wide-eyed, as an elderly Chinese gentleman known as the blademaster
had come in and slowly and carefully sharpened each gleaming blade until it was
razor sharp, taking great care as he worked on the heavy blade of the breast
guillotine. The sound of a blade scraping over a whetstone was burned indelibly
into their brains. The blademaster lit a burner under a vat of oil before
leaving. By the time he left, they were all sweating nicely. 

	Head Nurse Mei Ling thought that they had sweated long enough. It was time
to introduce herself to these new arrivals at the Tender Willow Clinic.  Tender
Willow specialized in dealing with captured troublemakers that had earned a lot
more than a bullet to the brain. To the Chinese government, mere disposal of
these troublemakers was not enough. They had to linger.

	The Americans were the first instalment of what Mei Ling thought of as
Scooping the News Team. The writer and two researchers were fine specimens. They
had been scooped after 'winning' a free tour of the fleshpots of Bangkok. What
writer or researcher could miss out on that sort of experience?  From Bangkok to
crossing the Bridge Of A Thousand Sighs turned out to be a short trip, courtesy
of Bangkok's free and easy criminal element eager to make a few bucks off the
Chinese. Picking three American bimbos right off the street had been a pleasure.
The three beauties had been sent on their way after a strenuous gang bang to
loosen them up a bit.

	Mei Ling eyed the Americans' pubic tufts: a bleach blond, a brunette  and a
truly spectacular natural redhead. The bleach blond had large and obvious breast
implants. Mei Ling sighed. At least the poor woman was trying to better herself,
and the rest wasn't bad at all. She had heard that the woman who hired them all
was a lesbian bigwig with Female Network Television. She was obviously a lesbian
with great taste. The lesbian TV bigwig hadn't arrived yet, but Mei Ling looked
forward to meeting her in the foreseeable future. After all, The China Reports
had been the bigwig's baby. She had thought it up and she had produced it.

	Mei Ling believed in making an example of one that the rest could learn
from. Since her patients were supposed to linger, she looked elsewhere for her
slaughterhouse meat.

	Chyou Li, the naked Chinese beauty, had been a Death Row inmate at the
nearby Loving Lotus Prison. A government that executes even petty thieves has
lots of disposable meat, though it has few repeat offenders. The Chinese
execution method was simple: a bullet in the back of the head. Lovely,
big-breasted Chyou (pronounced Chee-oh) was a mere petty thief, nervously
awaiting her turn to get her brains blown out. Mei Ling would make the process a
bit more interesting for her.

	The Chinese prefer smaller breasted woman. The large-breasted ones are
thought of as 'cows'. Mei Ling periodically visted the Loving Lotus Prison,
basically a govenment-run snuff factory, to sift through the Loving Lotus' Death
Row inmates to find a 'cow' to make an example of. Trials were short and
execution followed quickly. The large turnover on Death Row gave Mei Ling lots
of  nice looking 'cows' to pick from, such as the truly enchanting Chyou Li.

	Chyou spoke no English. Mei Ling ungagged Chyou so that she could have a
pleasant little chat with her victim. She licked two fingers and rammed them
into Chyou's cunt, burying them up to the knuckle. As her two fingers wiggled
playfully inside, Mei Ling calmly began telling Chyou Li exactly what was in
store for her. After a wide-eyed look of shock, Chyou began babbling
frantically, her every-increasing hysteria obvious to anyone.

	The three American beauties, glistening with sweat, understood nothing of
the obviously intense conversation between Mei Ling and Chyou Li. Chyou Li's
delectable bare bum bounced desperately on the stool. The stool was bolted to
the floor, so it didn't  twitch despite it's greatly excited occupant. On the
other hand, Chyou's big tits and fear-hardened nipples were bobbing like
yo-yo's.

	Mei Ling finished her pleasant little chat, pulled her fingers out with an
audible pop, and got down to business. Two muscular handlers unlocked Chyou's
leg spreader from the legs of her stool and carried her, writhing and shreiking,
to kneel in front of the breast guillotine. Her big melons were inserted into
the two holes. The top was locked down to hold them in position for the
descending blade. To keep the struggling Chyou in place, a row of straps
attached to the sides of the guillotine were buckled up behind her back, hugging
her chest up close to the path of descending blade. Her leg spreader was clamped
to the floor. A leather harness was fitted over her head, covering neither her
eyes nor her screaming lips. A studded black leather belt was threaded between a
loop at the back of her head harness and the leg-spreading bar. It was cinched
tight, pulling her head back, forcing her to look up and watch the gleaming,
razor sharp blade poised for a quick, brutal slice.

	The American beauties were bouncing delectably in their seats, yelling
frantically into their gags. The bleach blond had paid big bucks for her tits.
She really didn't want to lose them. The other two were equally horrified at the
terrifying tableau before them. Mei Ling took her time. It was important that
this lesson be permanently imprinted on her three American students.

	Mei Ling went to the front of the guillotine and carefully placed a silver
platter under each of Chyou's breasts to catch them as they fell.  She stood up
and dramatically put her hand on the release lever at the side of the
guillotine, wriggling her fingers to grip it firmly. The noise level in the room
rose to a hysterical din. Chyou Li lost both bowel and bladder control. Mei Ling
waited patiently until she was done, paused a beat and then pulled.

	With a terrifying roar, the guillotine blade thundered downwards, landing
with a floor-shaking thud. There was an inhumanly high-pitched shreik from Chyou
Li and her breasts plopped onto the platters, each neatly landing face up. Chyou
Li and two of the Americans fainted. The redhead stared, ashen faced, her nude
body oily with fear sweat, quivering in shock.

	Patiently, using her Made In America medical skills, Mei Ling revived and
restored them all to full awareness. The lesson wasn't over.

	She took a turkey baster, dipped it in the vat of boiling oil and filled it.
She squeezed the bulb and sprayed the hot oil over the two gaping holes in Chyou
Li's chest to cauterize the wounds. She didn't want her bleeding to death before
she was finished. Poor Chyou Li shreiked insanely as the super-hot oil burned
into her chest. The Americans were averting their eyes.

	"Watch carefully or I will scoop out your eyeballs!"

	Confident that she now had the undivided attention of her audience, Mei Ling
selected a small scalpel from the array of surgical implements. Reaching between
Chyou's parted thighs, she peeled back the hood of flesh covering Chyou's clit
and, with a deft slice of the knife, performed a quick cliterdectomy. She
removed the vaginal lips as well. Chyou was wailing like a very high pitched
siren throughout, sobbing and shreiking hysterically. It was music to Mei Ling's
ears and obviously making a deep impression on the Americans, watching in
shocked silence.

	A bucket was to her left and a large silver platter was to her right. She
dropped the bloody gobbets of flesh in the bucket.

	She selected a carving knife and tried to cater a bit to her American
audience. She mimed bowing her head respectfully in prayer. She then began
carving Chyou's beautifully rounded ass globes like an American father cutting
the Thanksgiving turkey. It was uncertain that her audience made this subtle
cross-culture connection, but their deeply horrified faces made their deeply
fearful attitude clear. It was good enough.

	She carefully layed the thin slices of meat on the silver platter. When she
had finished carving her screaming 'gobbler', she held up what looked like a
small teaspoon to her very attentive audience.

	"This looks like a teaspoon, but the edges of  the spoon are razor sharp. If
you were paying attention, you saw the blademaster sharpen them earlier. You
remember how I talked about scooping out your eyeballs? This implement makes it
simplicity itself."

	One by one, she scooped out Chyou's pretty eyeballs and laid them on the
tray next to the slices of raw, dripping buttock. She whispered in Chyou Li's
ear. Chyou spoke hoarsely, the raw pleading in her voice unmistakeable. Mei Ling
smiled and translated for her ignorant American audience.

	"Chyou Li says that although she wasn't before, she is now ready to die."

	Mei Ling took a revolver and executed Chyou Li's sentence. She aimed
carefully so that Chyou Li's brains were splattered over the freshly white
washed wall for all to see.

	Mei Ling looked at her new recruits and laid down the basic rules.

	"From now on you do what you're told when you're told. You do not speak
amongst yourselves. You speak only when someone in authority speaks to you. Look
at Chyou Li and remember what can be done."

	The horrifyingly brutal scene had been seared indelibly into the Americans'
minds. They would be much easier to handle, much more eager to please from now
on. An example had been made and a brutal, bloody lesson had been learned.




		Chapter 6 - Another Example Makes Everything Crystal Clear

	Stark naked, a lovely little Chinese beauty hung by her wrists from the
ceiling. Her dainty ankles were tethered to widespread ringbolts set in the
floor. The suspended Chinese beauty was shaking badly. Another recruit from the
Loving Lotus Prison, she knew that she was dead meat and that it was going to be
long, hard, agonizing and totally depraved.

	Mei Ling ushered her three beautiful American prisoners in, wrists tied
behind their backs. They too were naked. Mei Ling loved naked prisoners.

	"Kneel!"

	The bleach blond, the brunette and the redhead knelt, facing the suspended
beauty in the middle of the room. Their faces were on a level with her bare ass.
They wondered if they were going to be asked to kiss it. The reality, of course,
would be much, much worse than anything they could imagine.

	"Spread your legs! Nice and wide!"

	They spread them. Mei Ling picked up an enema probe with a plunger attached.
She dipped the probe in a bucket of warm soapy water and, pulling on the
plunger, filled the cylinder with a modest amount of water. She greased the
probe, inserted it into the Chinese girl's rectum, pressed the plunger and
flooded her bowels with warm, soapy water. The Chinese beauty's face suddenly
looked very intent, obviously concentrating very hard on holding it in and not
shaming herself in front of her American audience. Mei Ling pointed to the
Chinese lovely hanging by her wrists.

	"She's been a very naughty little girl, so she must be punished."

	The Head Writer tried to suck up, something that she liked to think that she
was good at, a necessary skill for anyone working in television. Thinking of the
lesbian Producer, sucking up had, quite literally, gotten her the job. She
looked earnestly at Mei Ling, using what she thought of as her 'learning from
the master' look.

	"What did she do, exactly? I just ask so that we may avoid offending the
same way."

	Mei Ling looked calmly at the Head Writer, the bleach blond with the large
breast implants.

	"She asked me questions."

	"She asked questions?"

	Mei Ling paused and looked at the Head Writer hard, like she was very stupid
indeed, before she replied, speaking slowly and articulating clearly as though
to a particularly dense child.

	"Yes. She asked questions."

	The Head Writer got it and shut up, red faced.

	"Because Kathy has been stupid, you each get a bit of soapy water up your
ass to help you identify with the girl who is to be punished."

	The redhead flushed right down to her dark red pubic bush as the greased
enema probe was slipped up her ass and a modest amount of warm, soapy water
flooded her bowels. Mei Ling had a simple instruction for the blushing beauty.

	" I want you to thank Kathy."

	"Thanks, Kathy."

	Kathy was mortified.
	
	"Sorry, Red."

	Mei Ling stared at Kathy.

	"Did I speak to you?"

	Kathy flinched.

	"Um, no."

	"What was unclear about the instruction not to speak amongst yourselves and
that you only speak when someone in authority addresses you?"

	"Nothing, Ma'am."

	"Is Red someone in authority, Kathy?"

	"No, ma'am."

	"You get extra water to hold in, then. Please hold it in and don't shame
yourself."

	"Yes, ma'am."

	The plunger dipped in the warm, soapy water. The cylinder was filled with
twice as much. Kathy gasped as the greased probe went up her ass. Her pretty
face looked very strained indeed as her bowels were flooded and the probe
withdrawn.

	The brunette obeyed instructions, speaking bitterly as her bowels were
filled.

	"Thank you, Kathy."

	Kathy burned silently in shame. Mei Ling smirked at her pinch-faced
pretties.

	"I know that you have something to do as soon as possible so this
demonstration will be mercifully short."

	Mei Ling picked up a steak knife from a small tray.

	"The steak knife is designed to cut meat and so is perfect for this
purpose."

	The suspended Chinese beauty screamed as the steak knife was jabbed up her
asshole. Mei Ling sawed roughly, cutting the sphinter muscle. She pulled out the
knife and put it back on the small tray, dripping blood. With her rectum slit
open, her shit and blood poured out messily onto the floor as the obscenely
violated Chinese girl shreiked shrilly. The Americans stared incredulously at
the casual, unbelievable brutality of it. Mei Ling explained helpfully.

	"A slit open rectum is impossible to keep clean. It never heals. The victim
dies slowly of massive infection."

	She allowed a few moments for this simple, horrifying demonstration of a
prisoner's vulnerability to sink in. The three American beauties stared up at
her, deep, primal fear etched on their ashen, shocked faces. Their hearts
pounded against their ribs like a maniac trying to escape his cell. The Chinese
girl blubbered and shreiked hoarsely in a voice that was no longer human.

	Pale-faced and looking very sick indeed, the Head Writer lost it. A warm,
brown shitstorm firehosed out of Kathy's burning asshole. Next to her, Red puked
hard as shit sprayed from her bowels.  The brunette held it in a bit better, but
soon a thick stream of warm, runny excrement was flowing down the back of her
thighs. Satisfied that she had made her impression, Mei Ling spoke briskly.

	"OK, the show's over. When you've finished unloading, it's time to hit the
showers, ladies!"




			Chapter 7 - Obedience Test


	The consequences of disobedience were too horrifying to even think about.

	Stark naked, the Script Writer, a bleach blond with big breast implants,
bent over and touched her toes. On either side, her kneeling, nude Research
Assistants each gripped one of her tits and a quivering thigh. They would be
able to feel every flinch and quiver as she accepted discipline. This would help
them to understand what it was going to be like when it was their turn.

	Together, the two kneeling beauties chanted.

	"ONE!"

	The razor strap kissed the bleach blond's glorious ass, instantly raising an
angry red welt. As instructed, the bent over bleach blond screamed out her
gratitude.

	"THANK YOU, NURSE!"

	Mei Ling, wielding the razor strap, paused to allow the bleach blond to
fully savour the afterburn. She then nodded solemnly at the two kneeling nudes
who instantly chanted out the count.

	"TWO!"

	The crisp smack of the razor strap kissing trembling female flesh was
followed instantly by the bleach blond screaming out her gratitude as a new welt
burned angrily on her quivering ass.

	"THANK YOU, NURSE!"

	Slowly, methodically, the bleach blond's ass was turned a bright, glowing
red as she screamed her gratitude for each of the twenty-five strokes. Mei Ling
allowed her a few moments to recover and for the others to wonder which one of
them was next. She pointed dramatically at the brunette.

	"Assume the position!"

	The nude beauty's pretty face looked very pinched indeed as she humbly bent
over and touched her carefully lacquered fingernails to her nicely painted
toenails. Her former boss, fiery ass burning brightly, knelt down and gripped
her by tit and thigh. On her other side, the redhead did the same, cupping her
intimately with hot, moist, trembling hands, deeply impressed and  quaking with
fear.

	The brunette research assistant had no implants. Her big butterbags quivered
very enchantingly indeed in the grasp of her two associates as she tremulously
prepared to scream her gratitude to Mei Ling.

	"ONE!"

	Her gentle, doe-like eyes bulged and her pouty, pink lips opened wide as the
skilfully wielded razor strap kissed her ass and turned it into a raging inferno
of agony. Screaming was easy. Remembering the words wasn't. Mei Ling was
understanding.

	"You forgot to yell out THANK YOU, NURSE. Don't worry. That's OK. We'll just
start all over again and give you another chance. If you forget again, we'll
start over again and again until you remember. No problem."

	"ONE!"

	Mei Ling laid the next stroke exactly on top of the first one. The bent over
brunette screamed very high indeed and, blubbering hysterically, forgot the
words again, her hands clasped to her flaming ass globes. Mei Ling smiled as the
blond bent over once more and her friends gripped her.

	"I have an idea! If she forgets again, why don't you ladies pinch her
nipples to remind her? Otherwise, we'll be here all day."

	The two kneeling nudes nodded fearfully. They had seen what Mei Ling was
capable of. There was no thought of refusal.

	"ONE!"

	The razor strap slashed viciously. Her nipples were pinched helpfully by her
deeply fearful friends, the light dawned in her bloodshot eyes and she
remembered. Each brutal slap of the razor strap on quivering female flesh was
soon followed by a strained, high pitched yelp of gratitude. The rest was
routine and twenty-seven welts soon burned on her tightly clenched buttocks.

	Mei Ling liked saving the best until last. She nodded at the truly
delectable, melt-in-your-mouth redhead.

	"You're exceptionally lovely, my dear."

	The redhead nodded, wondering where this was going.

	"Thank you, ma'am."

	"Beauty has it's privileges, eh? I'll only give you twelve strokes, less
than half of what the others got."

	As privileges go, this wasn't the best break the gorgeous redhead had ever
received, but she did her very best to look grateful.

	"Thank you, ma'am."

	The other two looked a bit resentful at this bit of favouratism, but said
nothing.

	"I'll bet a really pretty girl like you has spread her legs for lots of
guys, eh?"

	The redhead did her best to look modest.

	"A few, yes."

	Mei Ling spoke very sweetly.

	"Would you like to spread your legs for me?"

	The gorgeous redhead didn't really go that way, but thought it tactless, and
possibly life threatening, to refuse. She did her very best to look
enthusiastic, while the other two looked daggers at her, thinking her well on
her way to becoming teacher's pet.

	"I'd love to!"

	Mei Ling looked happy.

	"Good! We'll do you a little differently then. Let's tie your wrists to your
ankles. Bend over and grab your ankles."

	A little confused, but foolishly hopeful, the redhead did it. Her left wrist
was tied tightly to her left ankle and her right wrist to her right ankle. Mei
Ling's eyes glittered.

	"You said that you wanted to spread your legs for me. Now is the moment!
There are two ringbolts set into the floor, three feet apart. We'll just tie an
ankle to each of those."

	Thinking that this wasn't exactly what she had in mind, the redhead's ankles
were tethered to the ringbolts and she was indeed spreading her legs for Mei
Ling, exposing her genitals beautifully, still slightly hopeful.

	"Now, you ladies each grab a tit and a thigh."

	She nodded and the kneeling nudes started chanting the count in unison.

	"ONE!"

	The razor strap licked up between the redhead's legs and planted it's fiery
kiss on her cuntlips. The redhead was lifted up on tiptoes, her eyes bulged and
she gasped hoarsely, silent with shock. Mei Ling nodded. The count continued.

	"TWO!"

	The razor strap sliced upwards again into the redhead's flaming privates,
lifting her up, prancing prettily on tiptoe once more. This time, the redhead
opened up with a raw, full-throated scream. Mei Ling spoke regretfully.

	"You keep forgetting to thank me. We'll have to start all over, I'm afraid."

	The redhead, panting hard, begged frantically, but Mei Ling was firm.

	"A very pretty girl is a very spoiled girl. We must correct this. Hold her
tightly, ladies, and don't bother pinching her nipples to remind her. She's a
spoiled bitch, she has much to learn and you must be firm with her."

	The lesson resumed. The redhead struggled mightily to cope with the raw,
searing pain as the strap shellacked her cunt viciously. She screamed until the
snot ran from her nostrils. Eventually, she simply fainted. Her cuntlips were
swollen grotesquely. Mei Ling looked between Red's legs in satisfaction at a job
well done.

	"I really like a girl who's a bit cow cunted."




				Chapter 8 - Chesty Breather

	Mei Ling cinched the wet leather straps tightly around the base of the News
Director's monster melons. A heavy breasted, middle aged, fading beauty, Pam
whimpered as her big boobs bulged obscenely, each strangled painfully by the wet
leather. As the thin straps dried, they would tighten even more, turning her
swollen breasts purple.

	Mei Ling tightened the hard, knotted crotch strap that held Pam's big, raspy
anal and vaginal inserts in position. They helped Pam to understand her place in
Mei Ling's little universe of pain and degradation.

	Poor Pam was strapped into a heavy chair bolted firmly to the floor. Mei
Ling fitted the gas mask over Pam's pinched, pretty face. After it had been
buckled firmly in place, all that was visible of Pam's features were her large,
expressive eyes peering anxiously through the plastic eyepieces. Mei Ling
explained.

	"It looks like a gas mask, but it's really called a Controlled Inhalation
Breathing Helmut. All the air into the face hugging mask goes through this small
hose in my hand. I simply cover the end with my thumb, like this, and you stop
breathing."

	Pam's eyes bulged. She panicked completely, struggling frantically against
the restraining straps, using up valuable oxygen. After a few entertaining
moments watching Pam's berserk struggles, Mei Ling removed her thumb. She smiled
gently, watching Pam's tortured tits heave as she sucked life-giving oxygen into
her burning lungs. Mei Ling's thumb twitched and Pam was cut off in mid-gasp.
Mei Ling reproached her softly.

	"You mustn't be greedy, Pam."

	Pam strained mightily. Her bare body flushed brick red all the way down to
her richly curled pubic triangle. A puddle of urine slowly expanded on the seat
between Pam's quivering thighs. Mei Ling inhaled deeply, enjoying the comingled
fragrances of fresh piss and fear sweat. She removed her thumb and Pam's
glistening torso heaved enchantingly once more as she frantically gulped in
oxygen.




				Chapter 9 - Re-education

	The delectable Chrissy Tansman was strapped nude into the electroshock
chair. The naked newsreader squirmed frantically, but futilely, as Mei Ling
attached electrodes to the most sensitive portions of her anatomy. The seat of
the chair was like a toilet seat, granting access to her moist, intimate
orifices. Chrissy grunted as the vaginal, anal and urethral electroshock probes
were inserted and buried deep. As instructed, Chrissy listened in appalled
silence as Mei Ling spelled it out for her.

	"After you and the rest of the Production Team responsible for The China
Reports have been suitably humbled and made fully aware of the wrongness of
being critical of the Chinese government, after you have endorsed it's long term
Communist goal of taking over the world for the good of all mankind, you'll have
a lot to do. The Minister will want you all to atone and apologize repeatedly
for the grave affront you have offered him and his esteemed government. They
already control well over half the population of planet earth. Such people will
not be mocked and defied. You were stupid and arrogant to do so."

	"After you and the rest of the team have been 're-educated', performed your
acts of atonement and made repeated apologies, you will have to figure out a way
to right your wrong and counteract the bad impression you have made. Since the
production that caused all this damage was yours, you will be responsible for
coming up with the counterbalancing idea. In the meantime, we'll have to start
your re-education right now."

	This, of course, was pure bullshit. They were at the Tender Willow Clinic to
be ground down pitilessly into the finest ratshit. Mei Ling liked stringing them
along, keeping them focussed and trying hard to please as long as possible,
participating and co-operating fully in their degradation and humiliation in the
foolish hope that there might be light at the end of the tunnel. The only light
at the end of the tunnel was the headlight of the on-coming freight train coming
to crush them mercilessly. 

	By the time that Mei Ling had finished wiring her up, pretty blond Chrissy
was sweating nicely.

	"Lets just see if everything's working!"

	Mei Ling tested the controls. Chrissy's naked body convulsed violently
against the restraining straps. She screamed with each short, sharp jolt of
current, intimately applied. Drops of perspiration sprayed from her erect,
fear-hardened nipples. Mei Ling smiled.

	"Excellent! Now, Chrissy, let's see if you know who the greatest man in the
world is."

	Karl Marx? Lenin? Chairman Mao? Panting hard, lovely Chrissy began
frantically racking her airhead brains for the 'correct' answer. It would be the
first of many long, hard, agonizing sessions of 'educational' electroshock
therapy for the pretty newsreading bimbo.

	Mei Ling would make it painfully clear to all of them for the rest of their
short, miserable lives that, despite being in the news business and having all
the evidence in front of them, they had really, truly understood nothing at all
about how the real world works.




			Chapter 10 - Red Meets Some Dance Partners

	Her almond eyes glittering with excitement, Mei Ling escorted Red down the
corridor. Red was wearing high heels and nothing else. High heels hobbled a
prisoner nicely, in Mei Ling's opinion. Red's strap-on, spike heeled, gleaming
black, fuck me pumps weren't easily removed, either. There would be no stepping
out of them and sprinting off.

	"You're an extraordinarily beautiful, young woman, Red!"

	To Red, this meant that more bad shit was definitely coming down the pipe.

	"I bet that you like playing men for fools as they look at you and start
thinking with that little head between their legs."

	Red nodded. This was true enough.

	"A beautiful woman is basically a spoiled bitch, so I have to make sure that
you're fucked over thoroughly or I'm just not doing my job! A spell in the
Rutting Pens will help re-adjust your self-image. You'll stop thinking of
yourself as a pretty, pampered, fairy tale princess and start thinking of
yourself as a hard humping whore - a piece of meat, a real fuckslut!"  

	She opened the heavy door and ushered Red in.

	The Rutting Pens stank. To Red's vilely assaulted nostrils, it smelled like
industrial strength cat piss. Mei Ling led Red to the nearest pen, basically a
cubicle with straw on the floor. Red couldn't see what was happening in the
other pens exactly, but the rhythmic moaning, gasping and sobbing was a strong
indicator.

	"On your knees!"

	Red dropped to her knees.

	"Spread your thighs nice and wide!"

	Red spread them. Her ankles were tethered to widespread ringbolts set in the
floor. A horizontal metal bar between two upright poles was adjusted to waist
level and Red was bent over it so that she was now on hands and knees with her
legs spread wide. Her wrists were tethered to to rings set in the floor to keep
her in position. A T-shaped bar projecting up from the floor was adjusted so
that the top of the T fitted between her hanging breasts to give support to her
chest. She would need it in the hours to come. Mei Ling smiled happily.

	"Now comes your first lover! The first time is always the most romantic!"

	A large, slobbering dog was led in on a leash. Mei Ling reached between
Red's nicely parted thighs and rubbed some dog piss from a bitch in heat on
Red's cuntlips. The drooling beast was, in a twinkling, glisteningly erect, his
unsheathed penis coated with doggie pre-cum.

	Red whimpered as her 'lover' was guided into her most intimate orifice. Mei
Ling selected her fuckhounds for what she called the three S's - Size, Stamina
and Slobber. Red's eyes opened wide at what happened next. Mei Ling laughed
delightedly.

	"Yes, as you've just discovered, each dog has, at the base of it's penis, a
knot. This knot swells up to an amazing four and one half inches in diameter
after the dog achieves full penetration. This locks his penis firmly inside
until he's done. It's quite a stretch, isn't it? Normally, a dog is locked in
for twenty to forty-five minutes. My fuckhounds last at least forty minutes, so
you're in for at least forty minutes of hard humping doggie action."

	The big dog began humping his hips hard. Locked to the dog, Red's hips
humped right along. Crimson faced, sobbing, gasping and groaning with each hard
thrust, Red felt the fuckhound drooling and slobbering down the back of her neck
and into her hair. Mei Ling had some interesting news for her before she was too
far gone in misery to notice anything except her throbbing, aching cunt.

	"Don't worry, Red. When this fuckhound is finished, there's lots more! If it
gets too badly swollen, the Handlers will ice down your cunt so that you can
keep going. They'll also give your cunt a break every now and then and guide the
fuckhound into your asshole. If you thought four and one half inches was a big
stretch for your cunt, wait until you feel it up your ass!"

	Mei Ling watched Red with satisfaction as the bucking beauty, as promised,
was fucked over thoroughly by her doggie demon lover. Red's big boobs shook
violently with each thrust. She had other duties and couldn't stay, but Mei Ling
did have a few more words for Red.

	"Feeling like a piece of meat yet?"

	She squatted down and looked Red straight in her grimacing, gasping face.

	"When you get tired of dogs, we also have pigs! Pig fucking is very
different from dog fucking, as you'll discover."

	She smiled happily.

 	"With their amazingly long penises, pigs are wonderfully invasive animals."




			Chapter 11 - Quality Time
					

	Mei Ling decided to spend some more quality time with the newly arrived
American beauty. The nude newsreader was strapped into a chair. Knee straps and
ankle cuffs spread Chrissy's shapely legs wide. Wrist cuffs, arm straps, a thick
collar and a lap strap clamped her firmly in place. A strap across Chrissy's
forehead and padded clamps on either side of her pretty face locked her head
against the headrest.

	Mei Ling looked between the blond beauty's parted thighs appreciatively.
Natural blonds were very rare in China. She was pleased to be given such a
perfect specimen. The jaw spreaders held her pretty victim's mouth open wide.

	Mei Ling lowered the back of the chair so that the young beauty was facing
upwards. Mei Ling put on a protective plastic raincoat. She picked up a glass
jar and unscrewed the top. Reaching inside with a pair of tweezers, she withdrew
a wriggling cockroach and dropped it down the struggling beauty's throat. The
young lovely gagged and retched. Her stark naked body strained frantically
against the straps. It was hard  work vomiting straight up, but the puke burbled
up and overflowed her pouty lips, carrying the still wriggling cockroach with
it.

	Mei Ling laughed delightedly. She uncapped a bottle of dark yellow urine and
passed it under the blond's quivering nostrils to allow her to savour the rich,
tangy bouquet.

	Thoughtfully, she pinched Chrissy's nostrils shut and filled the red-faced
beauty's gaping mouth with the vile tasting piss. The blond's deep blue eyes
bulged, but she was forced to swallow in order to breath. This was followed by
more gut-wrenching projectile vomiting. The blond beauty seemed to be trying to
toss up her pretty painted toenails, digging deep and heaving hard until her
belly muscles ached. Mei Ling was cheerful.

	"Time for another yummy cockroach, Chrissy! This time we'll wash it down
with some pee."

	She dug in the jar to select a nice lively speciman, popped it between
Chrissy's parted lips, poured in a generous quantity of the dark yellow piss on
top of the madly scrambling cockroach and firmly pressed a broad band of duct
tape over Chrissy's mouth, sealing it all in. Red-faced, pretty Chrissy choked
hard, vomit and piss dribbling from her nostrils. Mei Ling sat back to enjoy the
entertainment as poor, naked Chrissy bucked frantically in the chair, gagging
and choking, eyes watering, but forced at last to swallow both the cockroach and
the pee.

	Mei Ling smiled encouragingly as she peeled off the tape.

	"The first is always the yummiest! The rest of the jar should be no problem,
eh? Don't worry, I have lots of cockroaches and lots of piss to wash them down
with."

	She grinned as she extracted another cockroach from the jar.

	"I also have lots of tape."




			Chapter 12 - Pretty Pam Puts Out or Porked By Porkers

	Gagging and retching, Pam found it hard to breath with the dog's tongue in
her mouth, his slobber running over her face and dribbling down onto her
quivering mammaries. Squatting down next to Pam in her Rutting Pen, Mei Ling was
encouraging.

	"You make kissy face with Loverboy. He loves tongue work!"

	Loverboy withdrew his tongue from Pam's mouth and barked his enthusiasm,
spraying spittle and doggie bad breath into Pam's flinching face. Loverboy, an
indeterminate breed of dog that mostly resembled The Big Bad Wolf in Little Red
Riding Hood, was a perfect embodiment of the three S's - Size, Stamina and
Slobber. On her knees in front of him, with Loverboy sitting and panting on his
haunches, Pam and Loverboy were the same height, eye to eye, a perfect match, a
love match made in hell. Loverboy's wet, red penis had unsheathed, erect and
ready. Mei Ling coached Pam in her upcoming performance.

	"You used to be a cheerleader. I bet you gave lots of head."

	Pam licked her lips nervously. She could see where this was going. She made
a feeble attempt to head it off.

	"Uh, I gave lots of hand jobs, too."

	Mei Ling shook her head regretfully.

	"Loverboy prefers head. He likes his women to swallow every last drop and
lick him clean afterwards! Don't you, boy? "

	The Rutting Pens echoed with Loverboy's enthusiastic, deafening barks. Pam
clapped her hands over her ears as he barked aggressively into her face. Once
the racket had died down and Pam's ears stopped ringing, Mei Ling continued.

	"Of course, Loverboy likes doing a few things first for foreplay to get his
women nice and excited."

	Mei Ling spoke commandingly.

	"Loverboy! Sit! Stay!"

	Loverboy sat. He grinned wolfishly, his big tail wagging hard. He knew what
was coming.

	Mei Ling took a jar of meat paste and began smearing it over Pam's big
breasts. In deep dread, Pam began to cry silently, tears running down her red,
contorted face. Loverboy drooled.

	"OK, Loverboy, lick it all up! Show Pammy a good time!"

	Loverboy's big, wet tongue slobbered over Pam's tits. An experienced lover,
he gave them a playful nip every now and again, not hard enough to break the
skin, but it sure caught Pam's attention. She knelt, frozen in fear, as the big,
heavy beast worked her teats with his tongue and teeth, slurping at the meat
paste until it was all gone.

	"Loverboy! Sit! Stay!"

	Mei Ling grinned and fingered her electric prod. Sometimes her captives
needed encouragement to co-operate in the next bit.

	"OK, Pam, lean back and spread your legs."

	Pam, never a very brave woman, looked at the electric prod and was
thoroughly cowed. Mei Ling had demonstrated to her repeatedly that, no matter
how bad things were, they could always, always, always get worse.  Slowly, with
great reluctance,  she spread them, blubbering as she did so. Mei Ling smeared
the paste over Pam's cuntlips and poked it far inside her cunt so Loverboy would
have a fun time digging deep to get it all out.

	"OK Loverboy! Lick it all up! Make Pammy's cunt red and swollen."

	Pam gasped as Loverboy went to work between her legs. She quaked with fear
as Loverboy licked her intimately, probing unbelievably deep inside her with his
long, muscular tongue. When he was done, Pam's genitals were indeed red and
swollen.

	"OK, Pammy! It's your turn to show Loverboy a good time. Wrap your lips
around his dick and show Loverboy how an ex-cheerleader gives head."

	Feeling sick, Pam went to work and soon had doggie cum dripping from her
lips onto her tits. Doggie cum was thinner and runnier than human cum so it
slithered down her throat just fine. Mei Ling clapped her hands appreciatively
as Pam licked Loverboy clean.

	"Wonderful! And since you've done so well, Pam, I have a special treat for
you!"

	To Pam's relief, Loverboy was taken away. To her horror, Ravager was brought
out. The massive pig looked at her naked body with the cold, piggy eyes of an
experienced rapist. Mei Ling coached her reluctant student of bestiality, giving
a helpful tip on technique.

	"Assume the position, Pam. You do the piggy doggie-style."

	She  assumed the position, dropping to her hands and knees and spreading her
legs invitingly. Ravager surged forward eagerly, glisteningly erect. A pig's
penis is pencil thin, but very long indeed. The porker effortlessly achieved
full penetration, grunting and squealing happily. Pam was wide-eyed as the
massive pig penetrated her more deeply than she had thought possible.

	"Smile prettily. Show Ravager that you love him!"

	She had drawn a bit of a crowd from the handlers. They loved watching the
massive Ravager in action. It was hard work, but poor Pam did her best to look
totally enchanted as she was pig-fucked, the squirming head of the pig penis
wiggling deep inside her cervix, writhing like a snake that was trapped inside
her most intimate orifice. The big pig humped hard. Just supporting the weight
of the massive porker was gruelling work. Drops of sweat flew from her nipples
as Pam's massive udders shook like jello.  An ejaculating pig produces an
amazing amount of cum. Pam eyes bulged as Ravager came and came and came. She
gasped and groaned as Ravager unloaded copiously inside her, sliming her
thoroughly inside and overflowing down the inside of her quivering thighs.

	When Ravager had dismounted, Pam had to be helped to her feet, standing
shakily.

	"Spread your legs Pam. You've taken quite a load onboard. Empty your cunt a
bit."

	She spread her shapely legs wide, rivers of piggy peckersnot running
stickily down the inside of her thighs. It was very thick, glutinous stuff. It
would be a week before her aching cunt was completely clear of it.




			Chapter 13 - The Big Cheese Stands Alone

	The former Producer of Specials for Female Network Television (the Modern
Woman's Channel) was ushered into the room by Mei Ling. Vikki was dressed in her
formal business attire of navy blue blazer, white blouse, navy blue skirt,
stockings and expensive black high heels.

 	Ashen faced and sweating heavily, her tour of the Tender Willow Clinic had
been terrifying. The Loving Lotus Prison had donated some slaughterhouse meat
and Mei Ling's demonstrations of the possiblities had been gruesome beyond
anything poor quaking Vikki could have imagined.

	The Producer's aristocratic, rich bitch face flinched as she saw her entire
former Production Team lined up before her, touching their toes, transformed
into a row of obscenely exposed, mentally, physically and sexually abused
fucksluts. As a militant Women's Lib, Bull Dyke Lesbian who had picked them all
mainly for their looks, it hurt her to see them as beaten, raped over cunts
because of her. Seeing Pam the News Director viciously downtrodden was
particularly upsetting. Pam had spent a lot of time after her divorce with her
face buried in the Vikki's crotch expressing her gratitude for being given a
wonderful, totally undeserved job after such a long time out of the work force.
The row of grovelling, lewdly posed beauties was a silent reproach to her.

	Each wore stockings, spike heels, elbow length black gloves and nothing
else. Each was bent over, the tips of her gloved fingers lightly touching the
toes of her spike heeled, fuck me pumps. All stared with grim concentration at
the pointed toes of their black, spit-shined high heels. A lot of tonguing had
gone into producing that spit-shine. Mei Ling's 'pep talk' was strong in their
minds. Her words had been short and to the point.

	"Unless each and every one of you puts in a perfect, profoundly obedient
peformance, the weekly amputations will begin next week. We're talking your tits
and your clits to start with ladies, so do your very best!"
	
	They did not dare to look up as the Producer and Mei Ling entered, but
stared down as instructed. Their legs were slightly parted so that their cunts, 
rectums and the whisps of pubic hair between their legs were clearly presented.
Although not bound in any way, except by Mei Ling's ferocious discipline, each
wore a black ball gag and made no attempt to remove it. Their bare bums had been
shellacked to a bright, bright red by a spring loaded leather strap and were
exquisitely painful. Beneath their glowing bottoms, some brisk pumping with a
broomstick handle had given each trembling fuckslut a pair of swollen, fully
distended cuntlips.  Their only jewelry was their glittering gold nipple rings,
clit rings and nose rings, piercings that adorned each one. Their taut,
twitching faces were painstakingly made up, their hair carefully coiffed. They
had been prepped carefully for this very special welcome party for Vikki.

	Although still wearing her starched and pressed navy blue business outfit,
the Producer had yielded to Mei Ling's eloquence. She had been persuaded to
abandon her bra and panties and insert a butt plug, a piss-hole plug and a large
knobby dildo. Mei Ling had not yet laid a finger on the woman. Her gruesome
demonstrations combined with her persuasive skills and her brutally explicit
explanations of the possibilities had been sufficient.

	Heavy, expensive drapes surrounded this delightful tableau. A candle lit
table with an expensive red silk table cloth dominated the room. A single place
setting of expensive china with a small silver fork, a silver butter knife and a
crystal goblet awaited the Producer of The China Reports. Mei Ling gestured at
the hand-carved chair in front of the place setting. Red faced and panting, the
Producer sat down very gingerly. Mei Ling explained the nature of the meal.

	"Each member of your Production Team will provide one course of your meal,
providing both the food and the drink. You will eat it and drink it down to the
last morsel of food and the last drop of drink. If you fail to keep it down, the
woman providing that course will have her tits shellacked to the same bright red
as her bum."

	Mei Ling played to Vikki's guilt.

	"You have let your staff down very badly indeed with your bright idea for a
special. Please, don't let them down a second time."

	The Producer, normally a haughty, aristocratic rich bitch, looked deeply
stricken.

	"I will do my very best."

	Mei Ling smiled, noting the small quaver in the rich bitch's voice. She
picked up a small silver platter. Mei ling walked over to the very full chested
beauty at the end of the row and spoke softly.

	"OK, Pam, it's time to excrete the first course."

	She held the platter under Pam's bright red bum. Pam's pretty face flushed
as she strained to squeeze a steaming turd onto the platter. When she was done,
Mei Ling patted her on the head like someone rewarding a pet dog for good
behaviour.

	"That's very good, Pam! You're a real little performer!"

	She did a double take at Pam's big melons.

	"Well, maybe not so little!"

	The surrounding handlers sniggered. Mei Ling lovingly coaxed Pam along.

	"Now, Pam, if you could just give your esteemed Producer something to wash
it down with."

	She held the crystal goblet between Pam's parted legs. Having piss hole
plugs repeatedly inserted and removed meant that Pam had a bit of blood in her
urine. It also meant that her piss hole was a bit swollen and urination was
difficult. Balanced against this, Mei Ling's brutally fierce discipline
techniques meant that poor Pam was very powerfully motivated indeed. Grimacing
with the pain, Pam strained hard and filled the expensive crystal goblet with
warm, bloody piss.

	"Excellent! After all your trouble, I really hope that she can keep it down
and we don't have to give those big tits a hard paddle. You've been trying very,
very hard to please, haven't you, Pam?"

	Pam, who could still feel the pig cum lodged deep in her cunt, nodded
tremulously. Mei Ling gave Vikki, the Producer, a bit of helpful advice on
etiquette.

	"You have to thank the serving wench. Pam's going to come over here, bend
over and present her rosy red ass for you to kiss. I want you to plant one big,
fat, juicy kiss on each cheek."

	Pam did as she was bid, bent over and brazenly presented her flaming ass.
Vikki touched her lips to each burning buttock. Pam's skin felt feverishly hot
to her lips and Pam flinched at the contact. Her red hot buns were exquisitely
painful indeed. Mei Ling pushed things along after this tender scene of
gratitude had been acted out and Pam had resumed her place in the row of beaten,
raped over fucksluts touching their toes.

	Mei Ling went down the line. Each fuckslut excreted a sausage and micturated
a warm beverage. Each presented her rosy cheeks for Vikki to kiss. When she was
done, a row of brown steaming turds and glasses of yellow piss were lined up for
an ashen faced Vikki to gobble down. Vikki looked ill as she contemplated her
'meal'. Mei Ling encouraged her sweetly. 

	"It's very simple, Vikki. It seems big, but a big task is just a lot of
small tasks put together! Take it one mouthful at a time. Start with Pam's turd
before it gets cold. What's required is for you to slice off a small piece of
steaming, tender turd, spear it with your fork, put it in your mouth, chew
carefully and swallow. Then wash it down with a mouthful of Pam's warm, bloody
piss. Just keep going, mouthful by mouthful, until you're done! "

	Vikki tried gamely. A woman who has been spoiled from birth has little
practise in ass-kissing, doing what she's told and eating shit. Her finely
manicured hands shook badly as she reluctantly sliced a very tiny piece from the
turd. Red faced, the veins standing out on her forehead, Vikki stabbed the tiny
turdlet with her fork. Visibly struggling, she delicately placed the turdlet on
her tongue, closed her mouth and began to chew. Her baby blue eyes bulged and
watered. She took a deep breath and swallowed. It regurgitated back up. Her
stomach acids burned into her sinuses. She forced it down and, although her
stomach was churning, kept it down. She looked down at her plate in despair.
This was only a very small part of what she was expected to do. Mei Ling was
warmly supportive.

	"Very good, Vikki!"

	Mei Ling allowed herself to look a bit concerned, but obviously determined
to keep up a positive attitude. She spoke enthusiastically.

	"There's lots to go, though!"

	She helpfully handed Vikki the crystal goblet.

	"Here, wash it down with some of Pam's piss. A bit of her blood is curling
around in it, but that's just extra nutrition!"

	Vikki tried to swallow. The tendons in her neck stood out like taut steel
cables as her throat muscles worked convulsively. After a hard struggle, she
lost it and puked all over the expensive table cloth. Broken completely, she
rested her head in the puke, sobbing bitterly. Mei Ling shook her head sadly.

	"Well, ladies, it looks like your tits are going to glow."

	Vikki bawled even harder as Mei Ling briskly instructed her row of lewdly
displayed fucksluts.

	"Kneel and keep your hands behind your head at all times while the handlers
do their duty. I expect you to be brave and accept your punishment. You really
didn't expect anything else now, did you?"

	The fucksluts hadn't and knelt resignedly. The handlers moved in with their
spring loaded leather straps. For a few moments, there was the crisp sound of
leather briskly slapping bobbing, bouncing boobs, punctuated by muffled squeals
of pain. Big bare breasts were lovingly worked over by trained professionals
until they stood out from each fuckslut's chest like two swollen, bright red
artillery shells. Mei Ling wrapped a hand in Vikki's hair and pulled her sobbing
head up off the table.

	"I want you to kneel in front of each of these women that you have wronged,
kiss her nipples and apologise."

	Vikki, crying hard, knelt and kissed a row of painfully inflamed nipples.
She apologised hoarsely to each grim-faced beauty. Mei Ling hustled things right
along. Even if dinner had proved to be a bit of a non-starter, there was always
the after dinner show. She clapped her hands for attention.

	"Hands behind your backs, Ladies!"

	The flushed, kneeling beauties, with their bright red boobs and bums burning
brightly, had their hands tied behind their backs and their ankles attached to
either end of leg-spreading steel bars. The bars were clamped down to the floor.
They moaned in fear as the drapes were pulled away in front of them and a row of
the dreaded two-holed breast guillotines was revealed, one in front of each
kneeling beauty.

	The beauties screamed hysterically as their burning, bruised breasts were
forced into the twin holes of the guillotine and clamped firmly in place. The
straps that hugged them close to the path of the descending blade were cinched
tight. Leather helmuts were fitted on their heads and the loop in the back was
belted to their legspreaders forcing them to look up at the glittering razor
sharp blades, poised to descend.

	"Come here, Vikki."

	Next to Mei Ling, two burley handlers were holding up a heavy metal ball
attached to a chain hanging from the ceiling. As Vikki stepped up to them, they
simply handed her the metal ball and stepped away. Vikki gasped at the weight
and looked up at the chain. It ran along the ceiling and was attached to the
lynch pins of the guillotines. If she lowered it, the lynch pins would be pulled
and  the blades would fall. Mei Ling smiled as Vikki started to sweat,
struggling to hold up the heavy round ball, made increasingly slippery by her
sweat.

	"As you can see, if you drop the ball, your staff gets the chop."

	The naked, kneeling beauties, their breasts on the line, became quite
voluble, squealing noisily into their gags. As Vikki began to sag, the kneeling
beauties watched with horror as their lynch pins slowly began to inch out. The
noise level in the room grew dramatically as the ball slowly slipped through
Vikki's fingers. She wrapped her arms around it and clasped it desperately to
her bosom. The veins stood out on her forehead as Vikki pleaded as prettily as
she knew how. Mei Ling stood firm.

	"It's entirely up to you. You got them into this mess. Let's see you get
them out."

	Pam, Red, Kathy, Chrissy and the rest all looked out of the corner of their
eyes at Vikki fighting her sad, doomed battle as she slowly sagged under the
weight of the heavy ball. All good things must come to an end. Vikki gasped in
gibbering horror as the ball suddenly slipped in her arms. The blades thundered
downwards. The inhuman shreiks of the beauties was piercing and were burned
forever into Vikki's memory. The heavy blades slammed down followed by a patter
of soft plops. The insane shreiking sounded like the screams of the damned in
the inner circle of a particularly fiendish hell.

	Mei Ling touched Vikki's shoulder after letting her absorb the scene,
burning it into her psyche.

	"Now that you've arrived and started them on their way, it's a slow Death of
a Thousand Cuts for your former Production Team. They've just made their first
weekly contribution. From now on, every week, they donate a different body part
to the kitchen. It'll be chopped up, cooked up and served to them tomorrow.
Imagine having to eat your own tits!"

	Mei Ling faked a look of surprise.

	"Oh, silly me, I keep forgetting. You'll be doing that soon enough, but
before we serve you up, the meat has to be tenderized."

	Vikki looked at her numbly. Mei Ling laughed delightedly.

	"Eventually, you will be all gone. Completely re-cycled. Yum! Yum! Problem
solved!"

	Mei Ling grinned wolfishly at Vikki with the air of a she-fiend totally
satisfied with her hellish results.

 	"We're very environmentally friendly here!"

	Mei Ling was having a good time, totally in her element, with the shreiks of
the damned ringing pleasantly in her ears. She addressed Vikki with the air of
the perfect hostess anxious to do a good job.

 	"I'll try to keep you all entertained in the meantime."

	Mei Ling got back to business.

	"I think that you should take off your clothes and come with me. Your former
staff is way ahead of you. You have a lot of catching up to do."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Llabmik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





