BDSM Library - Jesse's Birthday




Jesse's Birthday
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He made himself bound and gagged and be a birthday gift for his girlfriend. But someone changed the rules and made him a total submissive.
The following story was written during November 1998. The story is
fully fictional though the characters are all based on real life
friends.

The story was written as a bedtime story to read to my fiancee, but
since I enjoy reading stories from this newsgroup, I decided to post
it and share my story with the world. Not because I'm a great author,
because I'm not. English is not my native language and while I read
the story to my fiancee I noticed several mistakes that I missed
while I quickly proofread and spellchecked the file.

It turned out to be a little on the long side for a bedtime story,
but she loved the story and is urging me to write another story
soon.

                                                 - Captured
                                                 skydancer@giant.net



====================================================================

WARNING : The following story contains descriptions of sexual acts
performed between (semi) consenting adults.  If you are not at least
18 years of age, or you find these kind of stories offensive, then
exit this file/message now. Read this story at your own risk.

====================================================================

The copyright of this story remains with me, and the fact of this
posting should not be construed as limiting or releasing these rights
in any way.   If you keep the story, *PLEASE* keep the copyright
disclaimer as well.   This posting does not give you the rights to
post this on any website - you must obtain the author's permission
prior to posting.

====================================================================




                          Jesse's Birthday

                                An extreme love story


It was a dare. I never did say no to a dare, but something in
the back of my mind was laughing at me for being a fool. The dare was
to come up with a very special gift for my fiancee's 22nd birthday. I
had  consulted her best friend and she had an idea. At first I didn't
like it... I still wasn't sure about it. But she dared me to do it.
It certainly was a special gift but I wondered how my fiancee would
react...

A little background information might be in order here. I'm
Bill and this is my little story. Jesse is my fiancee and Lauren is
her best friend. Jesse and I met 3 years ago. I'm her first love and
she is mine. I know it sounds corny, but when I met her, I just knew
she was the one for me. 3 Years later, I still can't believe my luck.

We both have a definite interest in bondage but we rarely have the
time or privacy to experiment with that interest. We're both
'switches', meaning that depending on our mood we either like to be
the one restrained, the one doing the restraining, or just cuddle
without any restraints. Usually it's the last one of those 3.

Still, even without getting to use them often, we obtained
quite a collection of restraints. I've always been a collector at
heart. My philosophy has always been to hide things in plain sight so
most of our friends know about our hobbies. After all, it's not
illegal and when there's no secret, it can't come back to haunt you.

That doesn't mean it was easy telling Jesse about my hobbies to begin
with, but that's a different story. By now, she likes to play with
restraints almost as much as I do.

Anyway, here I was... Jesse's parents were away for 2 weeks on
a business trip and I had taken the day off of work. Jesse would be
at school for another 4 hours and I was finishing my preparations.

Lauren would be here any minute to help me. I hit the print button
and waited for the document to roll out of the printer. It was a gift
certificate. A nice formal layout on thick paper stating that I was
her birthday gift. Included were some ideas of what she could do with
me, and some things she could not do. In small print there was a
short description of my hard limits. What made this gift so special
was that as long as she stuck to the limits mentioned on the
certificate, she would have my safeword.

I was getting cold feet. True, Jesse was a real sweetheart at
heart and I never needed to use my safeword before. With the limits
clearly stated on the certificate, I wouldn't be in any real danger
either. But still, I would have no way out unless Jesse wanted me
out.

Finally, the certificate was printed. I took a deep breath and
signed it. I put it inside the frame I bought for it and placed it on
the coffee table.

I nearly jumped when the doorbell rung. It was Lauren. I was
nervous about letting her help with this and had butterflies in my
stomach. We sat down around the coffee table and I started to tell
her what I had in mind for my bondage. She thought I should go with
something more extreme to make it even more special for Jesse. We
discussed and brainstormed for half an hour to come up with something
special. I ended up showing her our entire collection of restraints
and explaining how certain things should be used. In the end, we came
up with something that would be pretty tough but not impossible.

Maybe I should give a little background info on Lauren.
Lauren's a punk with a pretty bad attitude. She and Jesse grew up
together and went to the same school. They are almost exact opposites
of each other. Lauren was always in trouble while Jesse never was.
She has a general bad attitude to everyone but Jesse. She has
mellowed a lot since I got to know her but I still couldn't figure
her out most of the time.

Lauren was only helping me because the gift was her idea and I
needed the help. She wasn't interested in bondage at all but knew her
friend enjoyed it.

Lauren would do anything for Jesse. When it was time to start
putting me into bondage, Lauren asked me if I was sure I knew what I
was doing and whether or not I still wanted to go through with it. I
told her that I was still scared and not sure about many things. But
I couldn't back out now since there was no time to get another gift
for Jesse. Lauren laughed and told me to get started.

She laid out the restraints while I went to the restroom.

Blushing a deep red, I undressed in front of Lauren until I was down
to the leather thong underwear I bought for the occasion. She smiled
and complimented me on my body, which made me blush even more. I
asked her if the ballgag was really necessary and she told me that it
was Jesse's gift and that I shouldn't be able to influence Jesse's
decisions once she got home. I sighed and opened my mouth, put in the
ballgag and buckled it tightly behind my head. I looked at my watch:
45 minutes before Jesse would be home. I can do this, I muttered
behind the gag. Lauren laughed as she heard me mumble.

I picked up the leather hood and carefully put it over my head.

It's an extreme hood. Thick padding inside, only a small opening for
the mouth to breathe through and leather lockable straps to tighten
around the chin, neck and eyes. I sat with my back to Lauren and held
the hood tightly against my head so she could lace it up. With the
ballgag in place this was even more difficult than it normally is but
thankfully Lauren didn't lace the hood up too tightly.

Next up was the custom-made leather straitjacket. I stuck my
arms out and I felt Lauren put the jacket on me. She started to strap
it up pretty tightly, but nothing I wasn't used to by now. Once all
straps were secure, I felt her taking out all slack out of any straps
and tightening the whole jacket down a little more. I tried to
complain but the combination of the gag and the hood worked better
than I thought it would and only a moan got out.

Then Lauren went back to work on the hood. She unlaced it
partially and tightened the ballgag another notch. I tried to
complain but could not stop her from tightening it yet another notch
because I complained. Lauren told me not to complain because I liked
this kind of stuff. I couldn't tell her just how much more difficult
restraints are when they are very tight and just groaned and dreaded
the wait for Jesse to get home.

She tightened the laces of the hood down and I felt like my
head was going to be squeezed to pulp. The pressure was incredible
and I really hoped Jesse would come home soon. Then Lauren tightened
the collar strap a little and locked it with a padlock. She must've
used all her strength to tighten the strap over my eyes and the one
underneath my chin. By the time she got done I had tears in my eyes
and the ball in my mouth felt like it was squashed against my jaw.
She used padlocks to lock every strap down securely and patted me on
my butt.

"Time to get moving", I heard her say rather loudly so I could
hear it through the hood. I stood up and she guided me to the
basement where she guided me up a chair. Earlier on we had prepared a
pulley system in the middle of the basement. She pulled the wide
canvas straps under my shoulders and locked them to two eyebolts in
the ceiling. I was now held standing up by my shoulders and tested
the straps by lifting my feet up a little and trying to bounce. No
give at all.

I put my feet back on the chair and Lauren locked two heavy
leather manacles around my ankles. Between the manacles was 3 feet of
chain, and there was another 3 feet of chain on each manacle. Knowing
what was going to happen now, I took a deep breath and kicked away
the chair. Lauren locked the two chains tightly and securely to two
eyebolts in the floor. She tightened the chains down until I couldn't
move my legs at all anymore and the chain between the manacles was
taut.

Then she started turning the winch of the pulley system to lift
me up from the floor a little further. I groaned and grimaced in pain
as the chains tightened and my legs felt like they were being pulled
out of their sockets. Lauren was making everything far too tight on
me.

I realized how stupid I had been by letting her restrain me
like this while I wasn't able to guide her. She had no experience
with restraints and just assumed everything should go as tight as
possible.

I tried to struggle but there was no give in my restraints at
all. The chains were so tight they didn't even rattle. Still, I
managed to move around in the restraints a little bit. Lauren thought
I was showing her that I could still move and tightened the winch
even more. I heard a faint sound as she locked the winch.
I struggled in pain but couldn't move. I yelled and tried to
beg but I was gagged too securely for Lauren to even notice. She
patted my butt again and told me that I looked great and how Jesse
was a lucky girl to have someone like me.

Then she left me. I heard the door to the basement slam as she
left the basement...

I started counting the seconds. Not a second passed without my
nerves complaining. My legs and arms cramped up more and more. My
back started to complain too. The tightness of hood gave me a
headache. The gag made my jaw sore and the crotch straps of the
straitjacket were digging in deeply.

I was really anxious for Jesse to get home so she could let me
out.

A few minutes later, I was worrying myself sick over all the
things that could go wrong. What if Jesse wouldn't let me out? What
if Jesse wouldn't come home? What if there was an accident? What if
the house caught fire?

Little did I know that at that time, Lauren had noticed that I
hadn't turned off the computer. The file for the gift certificate was
still open. She noticed a spelling mistake in the text and started to
read the text more thoroughly, then started to make changes to the
text. When she was done, she clicked on the print button. She shut
down the computer when it was done and took the frame with the
original gift certificate and practiced faking the signature on a
separate sheet of paper. When she was satisfied with her imitation,
signed the new certificate with my signature and opened the frame.
Lauren placed the new certificate in front of my original one and
closed the frame again.

Lauren checked her watch. Jesse should be home in less than 5
minutes.

Lauren walked to her car and got out a long gift-wrapped box.

She went back into the house, went into the basement and hung the
framed certificate on the wall. She placed the long box on a small
table underneath the certificate and moved the chair to another room.
The main room of the basement was now completely barren except for
the box, the certificate on the wall and of course me...

Lauren smiled and muttered to herself. "Here's my gift to you
Jesse. Enjoy it." Then she locked the door behind her and left. She
timed it perfectly.

A whole 2 minutes to spare as she drove off. She wasn't too
worried about it since she knew Jesse well and Jesse was almost
always later than she planned.

I didn't know about what Lauren had done. All I heard was the
door slamming when she left the house. I hardly noticed because of
the physical sensations I was going through. My whole body felt like
it was becoming numb. A throbbing, painful numbness that was there
and could not be changed. Struggling didn't help at all. Gradually,
the pain seemed to fade a little. Either that or I was becoming used
to the constant tightness. I wondered how I looked, suspended tightly
in the middle of the gray cement basement, tightly hooded and
straitjacketed.

I couldn't have been there for over half an hour yet, but it
felt like I had been tied like this for a lifetime. I had already
decided that I would never go for a dare like this again and that I
never would let Lauren get near any restraints again.

I was starting to get even more worried. Jesse didn't know I
had taken the day off today and wouldn't be expecting me at all. What
if she wouldn't come home directly? What if she got asked to work a
few hours in the cafeteria?

What if decided to go and visit Lauren? Or worse, what if she
decided to go to my parents' place and wait for me to get home from
work?

Once again I tested my bonds and groaned. I really wish I
wouldn't always try to buy the highest quality restraints I can find.
On television it seems so easy to escape from a straitjacket. But try
doing that while wearing a custom-made leather straitjacket. Made to
measure, two crotch straps, loops to hold the arms down and strapped
up as tightly as it can possibly go. Not to mention every strap being
locked down by a padlock.

After an eternity (45 minutes), I heard the front door slam.
That must be her. If I could've, I would've bounced in my restraints.
I would be finally freed soon.

I started to yell into the gag in order to draw attention but
hardly a moan escaped from my mouth. I panicked as I realized she
didn't know I was here.

My dad had dropped me off here earlier this morning since my
car was in the garage for service. Then I remembered the gift
certificate I had left on the table and started to breathe easier
again.

In the meantime, Jesse had gotten home almost an hour later
than she planned. She had lab for 2 hours today but the experiment
failed completely and she and her partner stayed for an hour longer
to try and figure out what went wrong. She wasn't in the best of
moods but a smile came to her face when she saw the envelope on the
table. She recognized Lauren's handwriting immediately:

               Happy birthday Jess! Bill and I have
               cooked up quite a surprise for you.
               You'll love it. No need to thank me.
               After all, that's what best friends are
               for. Enjoy your birthday to the fullest!
               I will be out of town until PM but I'll
               be sure to drop by as soon as I get back.
               See you tonight.
                                                - Lauren

Jesse sat stunned, wondering what this letter meant. Surprise?
Where? Lauren had been in the house. Otherwise she couldn't have left
this letter. Jesse started to search the house. Nothing in the
bedrooms, nothing in the closets, nothing in the bathroom. But she
hit the jackpot as she got to the basement.

She opened the door and just stared... Her mouth dropped open
and she started to drool. "Now THIS is turning into a great
birthday", she said to herself. "Hi sweetie! Are you enjoying
yourself?" she said loudly to get my attention. I was so happy she
finally found me, I nearly started to cry.

I shook my head to let her know I wanted to get out as soon as
possible. She laughed. "You and Lauren had way too much fun I think.
Thank you sweetie." she said and I felt her grope me.

She turned around and went to get her camera to take a few
pictures. I never heard the camera and couldn't notice the flash, but
she took pictures from every angle before putting the camera away
again. I groaned into the gag, hoping she'd take it as a hint that I
wanted to be released.

Jesse noticed the gift-wrapped box and the certificate on the
wall and read the certificate. Lauren had gotten carried away and had
changed the certificate to be a certificate of ownership. It stated
that I gave myself to Jesse completely, but couldn't do so by myself
and needed help. Jesse would have to break me first. The certificate
continued to say that Jesse had my full consent, that I gave up my
safeword and that she could use and force necessary as long as it
wouldn't kill me.

Jesse's jaw dropped even further. It was something we had
talked about before when we were discussing our dreams and fantasies.
We both knew that most fantasies needed to remain fantasies, but
nevertheless I had often taunted her, daring her to become more cruel
and mean. I had once told her that if she ever wanted to try and
break me, she would be welcome to try. I had said this because Jesse
was the sweetest girl you could ever find with a heart of gold. She
was afraid restraints would hurt me so she always let me out pretty
quickly. At times too quickly so I had dared her to keep me in longer
and to become more evil. It had worked too. One time she had even
scared me a little when she gave me a spanking and refused to let me
out even after I had been wearing the hood for an hour and a half.

The spanking wasn't too bad, though I wasn't really into
punishments. It just stung a little. But Jesse really liked spanking
me, but nothing I couldn't handle.

Jesse couldn't believe the certificate. She looked at the
signature and read the certificate again. She glanced at my helpless
form and decided it must be real. Why would I be restrained tighter
than ever before in such a completely helpless position if it wasn't
to be fully prepared to give myself to her?

Jesse moved the small table to be next to me and stood on top
of it. She gave me a big hug and a kiss on the small breathing hole
at the mouth of the hood. "Thank you sweetie. You're the greatest.
This really is a wonderful gift but I'm not sure if I can handle it.
Are you sure you want me to accept it?"

I thought about it for a while. She might be teasing me right
now and if I shook my head, she wouldn't let me out because she
couldn't accept my gift. On the other hand, if I would nod my head,
she might not let me out immediately either. I nodded my head.
"Sure?" she asked. I nodded again.

"Thank you sweetie. Please forgive me for what I will do." Once
again I nodded. She usually asked this before she gave me a small
spanking. The sooner she got done with it, the sooner I'd be free of
these restraints.

I tensed up and awaited the first slap of her hand. It didn't
come.

Jesse stepped off the table and moved it back against the wall.
She picked up the box and tore the wrapping paper off. She opened the
box and gasped.

Inside were a ping pong paddle, a 3 foot long bamboo cane, a
bullwhip and an evil looking cock and ball torture device. It had
small sharp spikes on the inside and would cover the penis and balls
completely, locking behind the balls. Getting an erection inside it
would be very painful and very impossible.

Another letter from Lauren was inside:

               Good luck Jesse. Enjoy your gift! I
               tried to talk him out of this but he was
               quite insistent. Bill told me to get this
               stuff for you. Remember how you told me
               he always taunts you after you are done
               playing? Somehow I don't think he'll do
               any taunting this time.
                                                 - Lauren

Jesse's mind raced. She loved to spank him when he was
restrained. The rush of power and the feeling of domination was
incredible. She didn't want to hurt him though so she had never used
her full strength before. She always thought he wasn't into masochism
so she had kept her small tendency to sadism at bay. She grinned...
It was a trick. He had been taunting and daring her to be so evil
that he wouldn't be able to take it and make him sorry for making her
evil. She had gotten more evil on him lately but she wanted to take
things slowly since she didn't want to scare him away. This whole
setup must be a trick to see if she really can be evil. Jesse
cackled. She could finally be as evil as she could possibly be and
explore her sadistic side all at once.

First, she needed a strategy and to properly prepare herself.

I felt Jesse's fingers pulling on my leather g-string. She
popped open the buttons at the sides and pulled it off of me. She
took my dick it hear hands and mouth and started to lick and suck on
it gently until it was as hard as a rock. She continued her gentle
pleasure to my dick and asked me if I liked it. I nodded happily,
almost forgetting the tension on my limbs and the numb pain I was in.

Jesse continued and after a short while, I came in her mouth. She
licked her lips and cleaned me.

I expected her to lower me. She knows how cranky I get when I'm
not freed after I cum. Once all the sexual tension is out of my body,
I need to be free and relax. "I love you sweetie", she said as she
left for upstairs, leaving me frustrated in my bonds. I was
regretting this day more and more, but still felt a little happy
inside, knowing that Jesse liked her gift.

I lost track of time completely. Nothing happened for a really
long time and I was starting to concentrate on the cramps, little
pains and stress on my limbs. The crotch straps were the worst of
all, followed by the bands suspending me from my shoulders. The gag
and hood were third. I wish I could safeword as by now I was beyond
my limits. I wondered just how much longer Jesse was going to keep me
here like this.

In the meantime, Jesse was browsing the Internet and her
biology books. She was checking out just how much punishment the
human body could take in certain parts. She browsed through sites
about medieval torture, stories about abuse, information on canings
in Singapore, psychological studies and more.

She also used the time to think about things to come. She
really wanted to do this. The idea of being able to put me through
hell and torture me until I was nothing more than a mindless pet made
her very horny. She got drunk from the very taste of power she would
have. Torturing someone past his edge of sanity. It was all very
exciting. On the other hand, doing this would change her relationship
with me completely. Things would never be the same, but would they be
an improvement or not? Even if she wouldn't go through with it, would
our relationship survive? She didn't dare to think about losing me
altogether.

Jesse gathered her courage and picked the paddle. She swung it
around a few times and tested it on the palm of her hand to get a
feel for it. She put the paddle down and picked up the cane. It made
a swooshing sound as she waved it through the air and hit the pillows
on the couch with it. Carefully she tried it on her palm too. She
smiled. She swung the bullwhip around a few times as well but
couldn't aim with it. She would need some practice with the whip.

I was trying to ignore the strain and thinking about how I
could possibly convince Jesse to let me out of my restraints when I
felt Jesse's hand on my buttocks. "Very nice." she said. She asked me
if I needed something to drink and I nodded, hoping she'd remove the
hood so I could try to convince her to let me down. She pushed on my
forehead, forcing my head backwards and placed a tiny funnel in the
small opening in the hood. I felt a liquid coming through the funnel
and tried to swallow it as best as I could. The gag didn't make this
easy but I managed. I didn't get much liquid and with the heavy
rubber taste of the ballgag I don't know what it was, but it was
probably water. When I had enough I raised my head again to remove
the strain on my neck.

The funnel fell and Jesse told me she'd be back after changing
into something more suitable and a glass of wine. It sounded like she
wasn't planning on letting me down anytime soon. I shook my head
wildly but it was to no avail. She just ignored me and left me alone
again.

Frustrated, I hung in my bonds and wasn't even trying to
struggle anymore. I was sore all over and tired. The constant strain
was sapping my strength and stamina. I wondered what time it was and
how long I'd have to stay restrained like this. It was exciting at
first, but the excitement had ebbed away and all that was left was
frustration... and anger. Anger at Lauren who had restrained me so
tightly. Anger at Jesse for not letting me out... But mostly anger
directed to myself for going through a stupid stunt like this. I knew
myself though. Tomorrow I'd laugh about all this and will be happy I
actually had experienced all these sensations and emotions.

I thought more and thought I knew what Jesse was doing. She was
trying to scare me. After all, I had been trying to make her more
evil for two years now. I had taunted her and dared her but she never
could stay mean or merciless for more than an hour or two. It was
just not her nature. She must be really trying hard for me. It worked
though, since I was getting more and more scared. Without a clue of
when I would be released or what was coming I was getting scared. The
numbing pain didn't help either. Plus that remark...

Jesse only dressed up for me if I asked her to. And wine. Jesse
couldn't handle alcohol well. Even one glass would start to make her
a little bit tipsy. I shook my head. This was all a bad dream.

Sadly enough, I didn't wake up.

Jesse opened her wardrobe. She preferred to wear big and baggy
clothes most of the time but she knew the effect she had on me
whenever she wore something tight. I'm a little bit of a skin-tight
clothes fetishist at heart I guess. She looked and browsed and chose
the outfit to fit her mood. She grinned as she opened her toy box on
the floor and she undressed completely. "I might as well enjoy myself
as much as possible" she said to herself as she took the ben-wa balls
from her toy box and put them inside her. She loved the subtle
stimulation they provided. She then put on her tiger-striped thong
leotard. It was very tight, but she knew it looked great on her.

Plus, she felt like a ferocious animal right now. Then she took out
her tight leather miniskirt and put it on. She didn't like skirts at
all, but she knew I liked this one a lot on her.

She thought about what else she would wear for me. Even though
I couldn't see it, she wanted to show herself off for me. She
chuckled, knowing how turned on I would get by just knowing what she
was wearing and knowing I wouldn't be able to do anything about it.

She put on her stiletto-heeled knee-boots and laced them up. She
really hated these boots. She hated high heels in general but these
were the worst. 4" stiletto heels just didn't agree with her. They
made her feet hurt after a short while but she grinned, knowing that
she would make me suffer more than she would from the heels. Next she
put on a pair of short black leather gloves. They didn't even cover
her wrists but they felt nice and went great with the boots and
skirt.

She looked in the mirror and grinned. She then put on her set
of stainless steel restraints. Each one was lined with a thick layer
of rubber. She wasn't too fond of them. I had bought them for her
custom made. Once locked on, they were tight and secure. Without the
keys it would be next to impossible to remove them. She put on the
collar first. Then the wrist bracelets around the ends of her gloves,
her anklets around the boots and finally she put the metal waist belt
through the loops of her skirt. She breathed in deeply and locked it.
She placed the keys on the desk in the living room and got a bottle
of white wine from the fridge.

"Bottoms up!" she said and smiled like the Cheshire cat as she
drunk her glass of wine. Three years ago, she would never have
thought that something like this would happen in her wildest dreams.
She had played with a pair of handcuffs before. They were her dad's,
but that was all. Meeting me had changed her a lot. She had been
raised to be an angel. While dating me she'd learned so much. I had
corrupted her and she loved it. 6 Months ago, she would've never
thought about going through with what she was going to do right now.

She grinned. This was going to be so much fun!

She checked her watch: 3pm, time to start the fun.

Jesse went downstairs and took the paddle with her. She gently
caressed my thighs, then my buttocks and fondled my dick for about 30
seconds until it had risen to her touch again. "Hi again lover. Guess
what I'm wearing right now?" she said and she started telling me what
she was wearing in detail. She kept stroking my dick and I felt like
I was about to cum. Then she stopped and grinned. I moaned and bucked
in the restraints but there was almost no movement at all. Jesse
laughed out loud. "Do you like my outfit sweetie?" she giggled and I
nodded. I really wish she would take the hood off so I would be able
to see her. I was drooling enough with this gag on to begin with but
the thought of her outfit almost made me forget about the ordeal I
was going through.

I heard her count... 3... 2... 1... and I felt/heard a loud
slap. An irritating stinging sensation appeared in my left buttock.
SLAP! The same irritating stinging appeared in my right buttock.
SLAP! Left. SLAP! Right... Stinging upon stinging and I started to
shake my head. This was harder than any spanking I had before. After
a few swats it started to become a little painful. After she had hit
every buttock 5 times she stopped. I let out a sigh and was glad she
stopped.

I thought about the certificate I had written. The limits
clearly stated the she couldn't injure me. She hadn't injured me but
my buttocks were getting pretty sore. After a few seconds it felt
similar to the lingering pain in my limbs. I wondered about what
Jesse's intentions were and concluded that she was trying to scare
me.

"Did you like that sweetie? Do you think you can handle some
more?" I shook my head indicating that I wanted her to stop. "Aw, you
big spoilsport. I know you can take more. You know I want you to take
some more. Please nod for me sweetie. It's my birthday. I love you my
fiance". I groaned. She was playing me like a fiddle. I resigned,
knowing that she would get me to nod eventually and that there was
nothing I could do to change her mind. I nodded slowly and prepared
myself mentally for a few more swats of the paddle.

"I knew you'd see it my way sweetie. How about 10 more on each
buttock?" I shook my head wildly. The 5 each was more than enough
already. "How about 25 each?" I panicked. I tried to yell and beg
into the gag but all she could hear was a moan. I shook my head
wildly and tried to trash in my bonds. "My you're daring sweetie.
Okay. 50 swats each buttock but not a single one more. I don't want
to wear out my arm. I love you so much." and I let out a long groan.

This couldn't be true. The most she had ever spanked me before was 20
slaps with her bare hand and not even using her full strength. What
was going on? I hoped she was just teasing me. She must be. She would
only do a few and let me out then.

SLAP! And I felt the stinging in my buttock renew. She seemed
to hit even harder than she did the first 10 times. SLAP! The fire in
my other buttock got relit too. After she had hit them both 5 times
each she paused and I thought she was done. I really couldn't take
much more of this and was on the verge of tears.

"Thank you sweetie. I know how hard this must be for you but
remember that I love you very much. Thank you for this very special
gift." she said and again she hit me hard on the buttocks with the
paddle. I felt like she was battering them with a baseball bat. I
wondered how long it would be before the pain would go back to
stinging again. If she kept this up I wouldn't be able to sit for
hours. SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! I bit hard on the gag to try and
concentrate on taking in the slaps. I concentrated on the image of
Jesse in my mind. I started to struggle against the restraints.
Anything to stop focusing on my buttocks as they got slapped. If I
could, I would've been begging by now.

By the time Jesse got to 30, tears were forming in my eyes. The
padded leather of the hood didn't do much to absorb them. Even my
tears could not escape. By the time she got to 40, I was crying into
the gag, kicking and screaming. All she heard was a continuous
moaning. The kicking had no effect whatsoever. My head was moving
around back and forth. I was wheezing in the hood and tried to calm
down and concentrate on my breathing.

"Only 10 more to go sweetie", Jesse said and she made sure I
felt each and every one of them. She paused for 5 seconds after every
slap and by the time she got to 50, I was happy in a way. Happy that
she had stopped hitting me and that I had made it through. Even a
little proud. Jesse caressed my buttocks gently. It felt like they
were on fire. I wanted to tell her that even her gentle touch hurt
but couldn't. Slowly her hands moved from my buttocks to my dick and
she started fondling it some more. During the paddling I had stayed
reasonably hard and with just a few touches, I was fully hard again.
Once more she took me into her mouth and I started to enjoy her
caresses again. It wasn't long before once again I came in her mouth
and she licked me clean. It was over now. I just knew it.

"Uh oh", Jesse said, "I didn't tell you that you could cum
sweetie. I think you need to be punished for that". My heart skipped
a beat or two. She couldn't possibly be serious. With renewed
strength (or terror) I shook my head and fought pointlessly against
the restraints.

"Don't worry my love, I'll let you rest a little first", she
said and she went back upstairs.

Once again I hung helplessly alone and in pain. I hardly
noticed the pain the tight hood and gag caused, or the pain of the
shoulder straps... Even the pain in my crotch from the straitjacket
wasn't overpowering. My buttocks were on fire. Ever so slowly the
pain seemed to dim. My buttocks felt like they were pulsating and
glowing red. I was crying in frustration. Frustrated from the
constant pain and frustrated by still being helpless even after I had
orgasmed a second time. But I wasn't scared anymore. I was terrified.

What had I done? Did Jesse snap? Had I taunted her one too many
times? Or was it just a mind game? If so, I had severely
underestimated her.

Jesse set down on the couch to give her feet some rest. She was
definitely enjoying herself so far. She started to rub herself to
stimulate the ben-wa balls some more. Paddling me had aroused her and
she needed to let the sexual energy out. It didn't take much before
she had a small orgasm. She wondered about how I was feeling. She
felt a little guilty for enjoying herself so much. She wasn't worried
about me at all. After all, she thought I knew what I had gotten
myself into and she knew me well enough that when I bothered to put
something down in print, I meant it and was very serious.

She wondered what it would take to break me completely. She
wondered what she was going to do with me once I was broken. One
thing she knew for sure. There was no way back now. If she would let
me out now I would be furious and would make her suffer like I was
suffering. And while I didn't mind the occasional spanking, Jesse
really hated being spanked even if it was done gently. She was going
to break me completely and turn me into a pet. She started to
fantasize about what she would make me do. How she wanted me to
behave and what kind of rules she would make up for me. It was so
much fun.

This certainly was her best birthday ever.

Half an hour later, Jesse picked up the bamboo cane and
returned to me. The pain in my buttocks was mostly gone by now. It
still stung a lot, but it was equal to the pain caused by the tight
restraints. I was still scared and hoped for Jesse to return shortly.
I wanted out of the restraints badly. Whatever I thought I would get
from giving her the certificate and doing this, I had gotten a lot
more than I bargained for.

"How is my sweetie doing? Are you happy to see me again?" Jesse
said as she stroked my dick. It slowly grew back to full size and
Jesse grinned. "I guess that's a yes then. I hope you're not
disappointed so far, but if you are, I think I'm going to make up for
it right now." I wondered what she meant. A feeling of dread grew
upon me when I heard Jesse laugh. I had never heard her laugh like
this. It sounded positively evil. My heart grew cold and I started to
pray this would be over soon.

Several things registered in my mind all at once. A high
pitched sound going "Whoosh" a sound that resembled the sound of a
Slinky spring being torn apart violently and a loud groan. The final
thing that registered was a white-hot stripe of pain across my
buttocks. It didn't fade to a stinging like the paddle had done, it
just seemed to only get more and more intense for a few seconds like
a volcano erupting. Then the pain spread to the areas around the
white stripe and ever so slowly dulled down.

I fought my bonds wildly, desperately wanting to escape. There
was no conscious thought, just pain and desperation. My mind reeled
and there was only pain.

Jesse carefully studied me. She saw all my muscles tense. She
saw the white stripe on my buttocks and watched it. She saw the
stripe slowly grow to a deep dark red and it went 3 dimensional as
the flesh of the stripe swelled up to become a long bruise.

After about 30 seconds I could think clearly again. The pain
was worse than anything I had ever felt before. My buttocks were very
tender from the paddle and now this happened. I breathed heavily and
tried to wish the pain away, hoping it would not be repeated. It sunk
in that I was in big trouble and had no escape. I was fully at
Jesse's mercy.

This process took about 2 minutes. Jesse had applied one swift
but powerful stroke of the bamboo cane on my butt.

"Ouch. That looks really painful sweetie. That's a nasty bruise
you got there. How many more do you want of those?" Jesse said.
I shook my head, not wanting a repeat of that terrible pain.
"Don't be silly sweetie. I know that you want 10 more strokes.", she
said.

I continued to shake my head and I felt the terrible pain again
together with the nasty sound of the cane landing on my buttocks. I
howled into the gag again in complete terror. This couldn't be
happening to me. This couldn't be Jesse.

Jesse waited for the welt to appear and a minute and a half
later she asked me if I wanted 10 more strokes. Panic-stricken, I
shook my head. I didn't want any more pain. This counted as injury in
my book. I just wanted out. This wasn't part of my gift certificate
to her.

Again, I felt a white stripe of pain and the animalistic
instinct taking over while the rest of my body waited for the worst
of the pain to subside. After I could think clearly again, I
desperately wanted Jesse to stop caning me. Again she asked me if I
wanted ten more strokes with the cane. Due to the pain I just
couldn't think. All I wanted was no more pain. No more caning. I
wanted to be free and crawl into a bed and sleep. I shook my head
desperately until another swoosh of the cane bit into my flesh.
This sequence was repeated until Jesse had hit me ten times
with the cane. She was amazed that I still hadn't nodded and 'asked'
for the ten strokes of the cane. It was more blunt stupidity and fear
than anything else though. I've always been too honest for my own
good. I'm a really pathetic liar and when asked if I want more pain,
I just can't agree to it. Especially not this level of pain.

Jesse said: "Sweetie, if you had agreed to the 10 strokes to
begin with you would be done now. Let me make this totally clear. I
will ask you if you want 10 more strokes and you will nod as
convincingly as you can or you'll be getting 25 strokes and I'll put
your dick in the Kali's teeth cage I got from Lauren. Do you want me
to give you ten more strokes with this cane? Remember that I love you
very very much sweetie." I was confused. She  wants me to nod and
agree to ten more strokes of the cane, but she tells me that she
loves me. I couldn't possibly take ten more strokes. I thought I
would faint with the last 5 strokes she gave me. But with the
ferocity Jesse had displayed so far today, I didn't want to bet on 25
strokes either. Crying in frustration, pain and confusion I didn't
know what to do. Jesse repeated her question loudly: "DO YOU WANT ME
TO HIT YOU TEN TIMES WITH THE CANE SWEETIE?" I started shaking my
head, then realized this would give me maybe 25 strokes, nodded my
head and confused, shook my head again not wanting to get hit at all.

"Will you please make up your mind, silly?" she asked me. Her
tone of voice didn't sound serious at all. It only served to confuse
me more. I decided not to move my head at all.

Again a hot white stripe of pain appeared as she hit me with
the cane. This time she hit the back of my left thigh. If I hadn't
been held up by the shoulder straps, I would've collapsed from that
single blow. Instinctively, I pulled my leg away with all the force I
could but the leg wouldn't move. I felt the wide shackle bite into my
ankle but it was nothing compared to the pain of the welt that
appeared on my thigh. My mind raced and shifted into a higher gear
again.

Within 20 seconds of hitting my left thigh, she delivered a
similar blow on the right thigh. 20 seconds later another one on my
left thigh, 2 inches below the previous blow. She didn't let enough
time pass to make the pain subside and I was in constant pain and I
felt like I was on the edge of blacking out. I couldn't think anymore
and felt like a trapped animal.

Jesse struck me 10 times on the thighs like that and when she
was done, the areas that got hit by the first few blows had swollen
into angry welts. She paused after the ten blows and took my manhood
into her hand again. She gently massaged my dick and it just grew
rapidly into her hand.

With a sweet voice she asked me: "What do you think will happen
when I run out of unmarked skin sweetie? Do you want to find out?". I
shook my head, unable to imagine the pain that would bring. Most
likely blows like these on the welts that were prominent on my skin
would break my skin. What game was Jesse playing?

Suddenly the lightbulb in my head lit up. Jesse was going to
break me. I had dared her to do that a long time ago. She never
commented on it for a long time. All she told me that I would get a
surprise one day. I never figured she would actually do that. It was
a fantasy, not something I wanted to happen. This was worse than
anything I had ever experienced. By now I had been two times as long
in the hood as ever before. I had never worn a gag for this long
either. I had been longer in the straitjacket than ever before as
well. I was setting new personal records left and right. But I didn't
want to set new records. I just wanted to get away. I wanted to be
free and I wanted to crawl into a quiet place and get some rest.
As I continued to shook my head I was sobbing into the gag and
hood like I had been doing almost continuously since she hit me with
the cane the first time. Jesse let go of my dick and said something
to me: "You will learn sweetie. Never refuse me. No is not an
option".

Swoosh! Another direct hit. This time she hit my calves.

Swoosh! Right above the shackles on my ankles. My muscles were very
stretched and she seemed to know exactly how to hit them to cause the
most pain. My mind went blank and I just howled into the gag, but
still hardly a sound came out. I had never thought Jesse would be
able to inflict this much pain. She just couldn't be this cruel. What
happened? I didn't recall doing anything to deserve this. I couldn't
even imagine anything that would be deserving of pain like this.

Again and again she hit my calves, 4 times on each side before she
paused once more.

Slowly, the blackness in my mind turned into a fog and the pain
slowly decreased to a level where it was constant again. I felt like
a steamroller had rolled over me but for some reason hadn't  killed
me.

I felt her do something to my dick. She put something around my
limp dick and tightened and locked it. I felt dozens of pinpricks
into my balls and penis. It was a strange sensation... It probably
was quite painful but it wasn't too bad compared to the dozens of
welts I had all over my skin by now. It was quite heavy and it pulled
a little on my sack, but didn't slip off. It probably couldn't slip
off no matter how hard it was pulled.

I felt Jesse put one of her fingers right behind the device
underneath my cock. One of the pressure points that would make my
dick stand to attention. As I started to grow, the sensation of the
pinpricks turned into pain. It felt like my penis was being impaled
by dozens of spikes. There was no way it could grow.

"Do you like that sweetie?" Jesse asked. I shook my head and
realized what she said earlier. I started nodding for fear that she
would find something even worse to do. "That wasn't too convincing.
I'm sure you can do better than that sweetie." she said. She dropped
something... It was a 3-lbs. weight. I couldn't see or hear this, but
suddenly there was a sharp pull of the painful device downward as the
weight dropped and started to swing around. "I guess you like it this
way a little better sweetie."

There were no tears but I was crying. I hurt all over and just
wanted it to stop. I nodded, hoping it would help me get out of these
restraints. Hoping it would bring comfort from the pain I was in. "I
knew you'd see it my way eventually. I know what's best for you
sweetie. I love you so much. Are you scared sweetie?" she said and I
nodded.

"As you should be." she said evilly and she gave the weight a
little push. I groaned as it swung around. I was hoping the pins in
the device wouldn't break my skin. I simply hung there and took the
pain.

There was a swoosh... but no new pain. I wondered about that.
Another swoosh... but no pain. Was Jesse teasing me? What was she
doing?

Jesse was taking aim. This was going to be the most forceful
stroke yet and it had to be aimed perfectly. It would be going right
over the middle of my buttocks, aimed at the edge of an earlier
hit... Swoosh! and there was a sharp pain. Worse than the pain of all
other strokes combined. I fainted after a few seconds.

Jesse stared at the welt. She had placed another welt right
against an earlier welt. Where both welts merged the skin was almost
broken. There was internal bleeding under the skin and if she had
missed by only a fraction of an inch it would've been a full length
12 inch cut. She felt the skin. It was pulsating... radiating heat. A
few tiny drops of blood had gotten through the skin and she wiped
them away to inspect my skin. She noticed my head going limp and was
worried. She checked my breathing and found that I was breathing
steadily through the opening of the hood. She went upstairs to look
for the keys to let me out of at least the hood. While she was on the
stairs she stopped dead in her tracks. Her breathing became less
ragged and she thought about it. She was worried sick about my
condition, but realized I was doing fine under the circumstances. The
worried look made place for an evil grin. She was proud of herself.

She was far from done, but if I wanted to be broken, she was not
going to let me down.  Jesse got her camera and went back downstairs
to take some more pictures. Souvenirs of a sight she was liking more
and more. Somewhere in the back of her mind, it scared her that she
was liking this so much. There was a little voice inside her telling
her that what she was doing was wrong. But how could something that
felt so good be wrong? Her adrenaline was rushing through her more
than ever before. She felt so proud. Proud of herself, but even more
proud of me. Proud that I had given her this opportunity, this
incredible rush of power. She loved me more than ever before.

While Jesse was taking her pictures, I didn't move. I had been
unconscious for almost 10 minutes now. Jesse checked my breathing
again and wondered how long I would be out.

The doorbell rang. "Oh shit!" she thought. She went upstairs
and to the front door to look through the peephole. Marc and Karen
were outside. Marc was one of her best friends and Karen was his
wife. She met Marc at work a year or so ago and they got along
fantastically. Every now and then she babysat their kids. He was
familiar with some of the bondage games Jesse and I had played in the
past, but we didn't see him or his wife very often anymore since they
had moved out of town a few months ago.

The doorbell rang again and Jesse looked at herself. She was
still wearing the sexy outfit and the restraints and thought about
not opening the door. She just couldn't let them stand outside. She
took a very deep breath and hoped the neighbors wouldn't be looking
at her door when she opened it.

She opened the door and asked Marc and Karen in. Their jaws
almost dropped. "Please come in", Jesse said and stepped back so she
wouldn't be in sight of the neighbors. "Happy birthday Jesse! We
thought to drop by and see how you were doing. It's been a while.
You're all dressed up though. You look great, but I have the feeling
we are disturbing you", Marc said with a sly grin on his face.
Jesse smirked and blushed. "Nothing really. I wasn't expecting
any visitors really and was waiting for Bill to come around", she
said. "Bill is a lucky man Jesse", Marc said. Karen poked him firmly
in the ribs: "I hope you don't expect me to wait for you like that
Marc. If anyone wears a collar in our marriage it will be you. Plus,
it would never look as good on me as it does on you Jess. Aren't
those heels terribly uncomfortable? And that collar, how can you
stand it?" "I know", sighed Jesse, "but Bill loves the way they look
on me. I know it's silly, but that look on his face just makes it
worth it." Karen watched Marc stare at Jesse and poked him again.
"It's not polite to stare Marc", Karen said and she gave Jesse a big
hug. "Happy birthday Jesse".

Marc kissed Jesse on the cheek and Jesse offered them something
to drink. They talked for about an hour. Jesse's thoughts were
getting side tracked continuously and she excused herself and went to
the bathroom. She took the ben-wa balls out so she could think a
little straighter. She was worrying about how I was doing and she
went downstairs to the basement using the excuse that she needed to
check the fridge downstairs to see if she had anything good to eat in
there as it was getting to be near dinnertime.

When Jesse got downstairs she was quiet as a mouse. I didn't
hear her but she could see I was awake again. She stared at me for a
few moments with a proud smile on her face before she went back
upstairs.

"I have nothing to eat over here. Shall we go out to get
something?" Jesse said when she got back upstairs. Marc nodded. "My
treat", he said and mentioned a nice little restaurant downtown.

Jesse wrote a short note stating that they were going to that
restaurant and that if I found the note, I was more than welcome to
join them. "Let me change into something more suitable for dinner"
Jesse said and she grabbed the keys to her restraints. Marc smiled
and put on a fake pout: "Aw, why can't you go like you are now? You
look so cute. I know the manager and he won't send us away." Karen
rolled her eyes. Jesse thought about it. She certainly was in a
daring mood today but still declined. "Maybe next time", she said and
unlocked the collar.

Jesse went to her room and exchanged the skirt with a pair of
black jeans. She swapped her high heels with a pair of sneakers and
removed her other restraints and her gloves. She put on her jacket
and left with Marc and Karen to go out for something to eat.

When I came to, I was still in a world of hurt. All I
remembered was the pain. It felt like I had been restrained like this
for an eternity and I had no idea how long I had been unconscious.

Everything was sore. I felt each and every welt on my skin and each
and every seam of the leather and the straps that held me so
completely helpless. I wondered where Jesse was but I was also very
afraid. I wanted her to return so I would feel a little safer and so
she could let me out. I also wanted her to stay away since it might
mean more pain. And so far, every time she returned it had been a lot
worse than the time before.

I noticed I was shivering. I had never felt so vulnerable in my
life ever before. I wondered what time it was and how long I had been
in this position. It felt like it had been a full day. On the other
hand, my bladder wasn't giving me any problems yet so it couldn't
have been more than 8 hours or so. It felt much longer than that. In
reality, It had been 6 hours since Lauren locked the restraints on
me.

I had no energy left to fight the restraints with. I couldn't
fight the pain and just let the sensations wash over me like a tidal
wave hitting me over and over. I couldn't sleep like this but felt
like I could sleep for days. My body felt dead, but with all the
nerves shouting at my brain it also never felt so alive. The mind is
a strange place I guess. I laughed at my own misery. I had asked for
this once. And I got it. But I didn't want it. Never look a gift
horse in the mouth, I thought. But I'm supposed to be Jesse's gift
today. I wish she had looked in my mouth and removed this damn gag.
It hurts. Again I chuckled in myself. Everything hurts. I wondered
what I was looking like. A human pinata... I hoped I wouldn't break
open.

Around 6:30, Lauren rung the doorbell. I didn't hear it from
where I was. Since nobody answered, Lauren used the key she got from
me earlier that day to let herself in. I had given her the key in
case something happened to Jesse, Lauren could come in and free me.

Lauren noticed the note about Jesse being at the restaurant and
smiled. Lauren had returned to town almost 2 hours earlier than she
had planned. She had a job interview 3 hours out of town, but when
she got there the manager she had the interview with told her that
his agenda was messed up and didn't have the time to do the interview
today. She was really pissed off about this and drove back to town
while ignoring the speed limits. She got  stopped by a cop on the way
home who gave her a nasty speeding ticket. Her day had not gone well
at all.

In her current mood, she wasn't sure if she should go to Jesse
during Jesse's birthday, but she needed someone to vent her anger and
frustrations to. That's what best friends are for. So Lauren drove
straight to Jesse's house and was now fuming about Jesse not even
being here either.

When she went downstairs to the basement, the sight put a smile
on her face. At least she hadn't been the only one to have a bad day.
She walked around me and admired Jesse's handiwork. She muttered to
herself "I always knew sweet Jesse had it in her" and she smiled.

Lauren grinned as she noticed the weight hanging from the
spiked cock-cage and she gave it a push. I shuddered in surprise, not
expecting anything. An evil smile appeared on Lauren's face. She took
the keys out of her pocket and unlocked the belts surrounding the
hood. She unlaced the hood and removed it. I kept my eyes closed. My
head felt so much better. I couldn't wait to be freed from my
bondage. I was so happy to finally get freed.

I slowly tried to open my eyes and get used to the light but it
was too bright. I waited for Jesse's hands to remove the gag, but
nothing happened. About a minute later I could see again as I got
used to the light. I was very surprised to see Lauren standing there
with the hood in her hands.

Lauren grinned: "I just wanted to see your facial expressions
Bill. I've had a very bad day and I can see yours wasn't too joyful
for you either. Good! I just wanted to tell you something. I've
modified your gift certificate a little for you. Guess what I changed
it to?" I looked at her wide-eyed and in disbelief as she told me
what she had done. She told me it was her gift to Jesse as Jesse had
once mentioned to her about how I dared her to break me. She told me
how she knew Jesse better than I did and about the sadistic streak
hidden in Jesse underneath all the cuteness and sweetness. I
continued to stare at her in disbelief and shook my head. It just
couldn't be true.

She told me about the paddle, the cane and the bullwhip. She
showed me the cane that Jesse had used on me and I shivered as I saw
the object that had caused me such agony.

Lauren swooshed the cane through the air and laughed as she saw
my face go white. "You wimp!" she said and continued to chuckle. "You
know, you look pretty pale. I hope you're not coming down with
something. But let me help you a little bit."

I saw her walk up the stairs and she returned a little later
with a large glass of water. She told me she put some painkillers in
it to help me. I hoped she would remove the gag but she wouldn't...

She carefully poured it into my waiting mouth. I tasted a strong
alcoholic taste and the odd taste of medication. Hopefully the
medication would work fast since I could definitely use less pain. If
I could've, I would've thanked her. The alcohol was already taking
its effect on my empty stomach to dull my senses a little even though
I didn't notice it. "I don't want to spoil Jesse's gift for her, so
I'm afraid I'm going to have to put the hood back on Bill."

I shook my head wildly, trying to prevent her from putting the
hood back on. She gave me a slap on my butt and I yelped in pain. I
was completely at her mercy. I sighed as I resigned in my fate and
let her put the hood on me. Before she put it on me she put earplugs
into my ears. She then laced up the hood as tightly as she could and
locked the leather straps around it just as tight as they were before
she removed it.

It didn't take very long before the painkillers started to take
effect. The pain slowly turned to a dull throbbing. Not really
pleasant, but at least it was bearable for now. Lauren smiled at her
handiwork. She checked the tightness of the restraints and unlocked
the winch to tighten it a few more notches to remove the little bit
of slack I had gained in the past 7 hours. She relocked it and
checked everything one more time. Everything was as tight as it could
be and she smiled.

She had used very strong painkillers and they should last for
at least 4 to 6 hours. It would make it much more difficult for Jesse
to break me now. The alcohol would cloud my mind and make me a little
cocky. It was pure vodka she put in the glass. Plus, once the
painkillers stop their effect, all pain will return with a vengeance.

The constant pain had dulled the effect a lot to begin with. Lauren
knew this and said to herself: "Enjoy yourself Bill, I know I will."
Again I hung helplessly in my restraints. The painkillers had
made me feel a lot better. It wasn't even as bad as it was before
Jesse had started the paddling. It would've been better to be free,
but I felt actually pretty good. Even a little proud of myself of
having been able to take the pain Jesse had dished out. My head
swayed a little as I started to fantasize about Jesse all dressed up
keeping me restrained forever. The thought made my dick grow hard and
I got a rude awakening from all the pins in the cock cage. It wasn't
too painful with the painkillers in effect, but it was still very
impossible to grow hard while wearing the device.

Lauren laughed as she saw my cock twitch and heard the groan
come from the hood. With her mood cleared up a little, she went
upstairs and left me alone. With the earplugs in I never even heard
her laugh.

I was alone again and nothing happened. I wriggled my toes and
feet for a while. I just had to do something to keep my mind
occupied. I was very tired but couldn't fall asleep. I felt so...
alive... so active. I wanted to do something. So I moved my feet. It
amused me that I was so tightly restrained, yet I could freely move
all the muscles in my feet. I knew I was a little tipsy and somehow
this whole situation seemed funny. I felt like I was an actor in a
bad soap opera. I didn't know that Lauren had put in a caffeine pill
in the glass for me too, but that was the reason why I wouldn't fall
asleep.

Lauren got hungry and decided to go to the restaurant where
Jesse, Marc and Karen were at. She parked her car and walked into the
restaurant where she joined the others at their table after wishing
Jesse a happy birthday. The others had just gotten their main course
and Lauren ordered hers.

They chatted happily and the subject shifted to me. Marc wanted
to know if there was a wedding date set yet. Lauren interrupted and
said that she had talked to me right before she got to the
restaurant. Jesse excused herself and Lauren followed her to the
ladies room. Lauren told Jesse that she had taken off the hood and
had checked on me and that she had given me something to drink with
lots of caffeine to keep me awake before putting the hood back on me.

Jesse giggled and said: "I can't believe he is letting me do this. It
is so much fun! I guess he was serious all along when he said that he
wanted me to enjoy myself whenever we play. He always said I could do
what I wanted, but I always held back. I didn't want to hurt him and
scare him away. But this time it's so different... I have him at my
complete non-existent mercy and there is no escape for him. Did you
know what he was asking when you helped him with his restraints?"

Lauren shook her head and talked about how she and me had
talked over the way I wanted to be restrained. How she had thought I
was getting in way over my head but I had insisted. Jesse said: "That
sounds just like him. He knows he's getting in way over his head but
usually I protect him against himself. But no longer... That boy is
going down!" and she laughed out loud.

They returned to the table and finished their meals. Lauren
talked about her shitty day. Marc and Karen talked about how much
they liked their new house and jobs and Jesse talked about school and
about the new pet she wanted to get. She had seen it earlier today
and thought it was just the most adorable little thing she had ever
seen. The others teased Jesse a little about her hobbies. Marc told
Lauren about the stuff Jesse was wearing when they rung her doorbell
and Lauren giggled: "You should've worn that stuff to this
restaurant, Jess. I'm sure the service would've been even better
then."

After they were done with dinner, they ordered dessert. After
dessert they sat at the bar. Marc being the designated driver and
Lauren being by herself didn't drink, but they encouraged Jesse and
Karen to drink a little. Around 8:30pm, Jesse was a little drunk.
Just a little more than tipsy. She was very giggly and didn't want to
go home. But Marc and Karen had to leave for home since their
babysitter had to be home before 11. Lauren said that she would take
Jesse home. They said their bye-byes and the small group split.

When Lauren and Jesse got home, Jesse wanted to change her
clothes to something a little less comfortable. Lauren encouraged her
and Jesse changed to a short red wet-look spandex t-top and to
matching hotpants. She was a little too tipsy to balance correctly on
the high heels so she decided on a pair of white tennis shoes instead
with white socks underneath. She locked the collar around her neck
and the other restraints around her wrists and ankles. The waist belt
locked around her hotpants and she twirled around before the mirror.

"Very nice", Lauren said as Jesse got back from her room.
Lauren asked about the restraints and how their were locked. Jesse
showed her the secure embedded locks and the keys that went with
them. She proudly boasted that these were the only keys and how
secure the items were and that we only went for the high quality
restraints. Lauren tested Jesse's collar and was impressed.

"That reminds me Jess", Lauren said as she got out the keys to
my restraints and handed them to Jesse, "These are the keys to Bill's
restraints. I think you should have them." She went on to tell Jesse
about how when she removed my hood that I asked her to let me down
and how she told me she couldn't do that as that would be up to Jesse.

She then told Jesse how I asked her to put the gag back in and the
hood back on and make sure they wouldn't come off so I wouldn't be
able to influence Jesse at all. Jesse said: "Yeah, he has the
annoying habit to talk too much whenever we are playing. It usually
ruins the moment even though he told me often that I should just
ignore him."

"Enjoy your weekend Jess. I'm going home so you can play with
you gifts a little more. I know you can break him, even though he's a
tough guy. Have fun", Lauren said. "I'm sure I will Lauren. I'm
enjoying this more than anything! I can't describe it but it feels
good. Oh, I want you to keep these for now in case I'll suddenly feel
like letting Bill out", Jesse giggled. She gave her keys to Lauren
and winked. Normally, she would've been too worried about possible
emergencies, but the alcohol had made her more confident than ever.

Lauren grinned and winked back. Jesse had even given her the keys of
her own restraints. "If there is anything, you can always give me a
call Jess and I'll be here in minutes. Have a great night!", Lauren
said as she opened the door, gave Jesse a big hug and left.

Jesse locked the door and rushed downstairs. "Hiya sweetie!"
she said. I heard something but couldn't make out what she said due
to the earplugs. I turned my head a little into the direction the
sound came from. Jesse gave the weight a push and watched it dangle.
I groaned through my gag. Jesse checked out how my bruises were doing
and they were healing quickly. No swellings anymore, but every stripe
was still very visible and sensitive. She patted my butt and it felt
almost like normal due to the painkillers.

Jesse took off the weight off the cock cage and tried to open
it. "Damn it all to hell. I wanted to suck you off again and
frustrate you some more but this damn thing is locked on you and I
don't have the keys." She pried the device a little more, trying to
find out if there was a way to get around the lock and got an idea.

The lock of the cage was just a simple handcuff type lock and she had
spare keys for handcuffs just about everywhere in the house. She went
upstairs to get one and unlocked the cock cage. She admired the
dozens or bright red spots on the mostly pale white dick. She started
to rub it and I felt so good all of a sudden. The pain there was all
gone and I could grow again. I felt the blood rush to my dick as it
got very hard after the hours it had spent being locked in. Once more
I felt Jesse's lips and tongue caresses my dick and it wasn't too
long before she managed to get me to orgasm again. Again she cleaned
me up and I felt happy when she didn't put the painful cock cage back
on me. I had given up almost all hope of her letting me out of my
restraints for now.

This time she didn't leave me alone in frustration but she took
out the bamboo cane again. She said something that I couldn't hear
and I didn't hear the can swing. All I felt was when it came crashing
down on my backside like it had done several hours earlier. It hurt,
but not nearly as much as it had done earlier that day. Still it was
enough to make me groan loudly into the gag.

Jesse wondered about the response. She expected a little more
primal reaction to the pain. She wondered if she was hitting me hard
enough. She realized she was getting tired, but it shouldn't affect
her strength this much. Harder she hit me, with all her strength.

This pain was a lot worse, almost the same as the pain I got when I
was without painkillers. It took me a while to recover and Jesse
looked at the nasty welt she had made on my butt. It had broken the
skin in a few small places where it intersected with one of the
afternoon's bruises. She muttered to herself: "Ouch, there's a boy
who will not be able to sit for a few days. That's just one less
reason to let him down from this position."

Jesse wondered about what she was doing. She loved the reaction
she got from my body, the tight tingling spasms I went through as the
pain spread throughout my body. She looked at the broken skin of my
butt and licked the few tiny drops of blood away. They were a few
tiny cuts but nothing too bad. Still, she had never broken my skin
before like this. Granted, she had given me a few accidental scars
with her fingernails, but that wasn't in play.

Her mind told her to stop, that breaking the skin was bad. But
her heart loved it. The rush of power was incredible. She realized
she could do ANYTHING and her fiance would accept it. He would
require some rest and pampering when this whole thing would be over,
but she was almighty now.

She caressed the new welt with her index finger... "I don't
think you know just how deep you have gotten yourself in sweetie, but
right now I don't ever want to give this power up." she said. I heard
her speak but couldn't hear what she was saying. I shook my head to
try and indicate that I couldn't hear her but she laughed. "NEVER
refuse me sweetie", she said and hit me again with the cane and drunk
from my misery and pain.

She continued until she was dripping with sweat. She had hit me
well over 50 times and had lost count. I was feeling worse than I was
before I had gotten the painkillers and Jesse had broken my skin in
many places. There were around 40 small cuts on each leg and at least
that many on the surface of my butt. She licked the drops of blood
off of each little cut and went upstairs to get the first aid kit.

She gently toweled me off with a towel  drenched in an antiseptic
lotion to clean the cuts. When she was done I looked like one massive
bruise on the backs of my legs and butt, but there was no bleeding
and most cuts were already healing quite nicely. There would be no
scarring whatsoever.

Jesse felt so proud. Not even once had I fainted. She had
checked on me a few times by tickling the soles of my feet and I
reacted every time. She also felt proud of herself. She felt like she
had overcame many of her fears and had never felt so alive before.

One last time she tried to make me orgasm in her mouth but it
was no use. I was dry for the day. I got a little hard, but the blood
was more busy trying to feed my backside and just didn't seem to have
time for my dick anymore. I didn't care. I just wanted to be freed
and get the hell out of here. I vowed to myself to never ever let
anyone restrain me again.

Jesse kissed my dick goodnight and kissed me on the mouth of
the collar. She left me and went up to her room and went to sleep.
Her sleep was rock solid due to the alcohol in her blood.
For me, the night went a little different. I was in agony in
the restraints. I felt like I had been flayed alive... and roasted...
and skinned... and...

I just didn't know. My mind was a blank while Jesse had been
hitting me. I just felt like I had became a primal scream of pain.
The antiseptic lotion had stung, but its effects were making me feel
a little better. The pain was slowly ebbing away... very very slowly.

After about an hour I fell asleep, hanging motionlessly in my
restraints. I was just really really tired.

I woke up in agony. The pain was white hot everywhere and it
was constant. It was like nothing I had ever felt before. While I was
asleep, the effects of the painkillers were ebbing away and the pain
had woken me up from a very deep sleep. And the pain levels were
still rising. Every strap hurt as if they had been nailed in me.
Every welt felt like it was on fire. It was so much worse than it had
been before. This pain was constant, but of a level my mind just
couldn't get used to. There was just a continuous white-hot flare in
my mind that spelled pain. It didn't last long... 5 minutes later I
fainted from the pain.

As the unconsciousness turned into more sleep, a part of me
hoped I would never wake up again. It was only a very small part of
me though. Another part of me was proud. Proud of my fiancee and what
she had done. Such progress, even though she went far too far. But
it's what I have asked for... back when I didn't know better. Another
part of me was happy. Happy to have survived so far.

I had strange dreams. Another day I would've called them
nightmares, but right now they didn't seem so bad.

When I woke up, the pain was still there. I hurt all over but
at least I was able to think again. The pain in my rear had subsided.
At least when it wasn't being touched at all. The pain I had now was
from the restraints. The gag, the hood, the straitjacket, the
stretched legs, the shoulder straps... everything. Another pain was
my bladder. I needed to pee badly. I didn't know Jesse had put a
large bucket on a chair between my legs before she left and I didn't
dare to let go. But I wouldn't be able to hold it in much longer. I
wondered what time it was and tried to get my mind away from my
bladder. I wondered how long I had slept. I started to think of where
Jesse would be and how she would be feeling. What had possessed her
to do all this to me and leave me like this? I tried to think of
anything that I had done that could've triggered a reaction like
this. I couldn't think of anything. I was faithful to her, didn't
sleep around, I was an all around nice guy. I even did almost 50% of
all the household chores. Maybe she had a really bad day? I know it
wasn't that time of the month for her...

Meanwhile, Jesse slept like a rock. She hadn't set her alarm
clock and slept in. She didn't wake up until 11am, almost 12 hours
since she went to sleep. She had a headache and got herself some
aspirin. She washed her face and brushed her hair and teeth. She
needed the restroom but found that the steel waist belt still locked
her hotpants on her. The pants were stretchy, but not enough so she
decided to go to Lauren's place to pick up her keys. She thought of
calling her but decided she didn't want Lauren to visit her right
now. Jesse went to the basement to check up on me and noticed that I
was still asleep. She checked my breathing. She grinned as she
recalled the previous day. It had been so wild. She checked my
backside and was pleased that I seemed to be healing fast.

She weighed her options.... should she wake me up and give me
something to drink or should she let me sleep? Should she even
continue with breaking me? She wondered and smiled. She couldn't stop
now. She was enjoying it far too much. She had become an overnight
addict to torturing me. She noticed the bucket between my legs was
still empty.

She waved to me and put on a pair of baggy jeans and her winter
coat. This hid her restraints and she went to her car and drove to
Lauren. She rung Lauren's bell and after a minute, Lauren's head
stuck out of the window. Jesse had woken her up. Jesse told her she
needed the keys so she could go to the restroom and Lauren opened the
door and helped her unlock the waist belt. Jesse took the keys and
went to the restroom.

When Jesse was done, she put the waist belt back on and locked
it again. "Have a great weekend Lauren, I'm going home to put Bill in
some other restraints", she said.

On the way to Jesse thought about how to restrain me next. She
wasn't sure and was thinking of either a standing spread eagle so she
could practice with the whip, or a strict hog-tie to sap my strength
continuously but give my backside a little time to heal.

When she got home she decided that my next position would be
the strict hog-tie. I had let Jesse sleep hog-tied once and it had
given her a small trauma. The way she had planned it for me would
definitely help to break me completely.

Jesse changed her clothes a little. The hotpants made place for
her short leather skirt and the belt was locked around it again. She
wasn't wearing underwear so the next time she wanted to go to the
rest room, she wouldn't need to unlock the belt. She put the short
leather gloves on underneath her wrist restraints. They looked
positively evil. She thought about the high-heeled boots.  She wasn't
sure just how long she would be able to stand them, but they did
belong with her outfit. She took a deep breath and put them on, laced
them up and locked the ankle restraints around them.

I had been awake for half an hour or so when I felt myself
being lowered... My feet touched the floor and I was so happy. I was
being released! Once my feet were on the ground, I found out I
couldn't stand on my legs at all. They were so sore. Slowly, my body
was lowered to the floor. I ended up in a fetal position. Everything
hurt and the skin on my legs felt like it were being torn apart. It
hurt, but the hurt from my shoulders was gone... the strain on my
body was gone. The shackles were unlocked from my ankles.

Jesse helped me to the bathroom so I wouldn't mess up the
basement. She noticed I still hadn't used the bucket and she was sure
I had to go badly by now. I couldn't really stand up yet and so Jesse
was almost carrying me upstairs. My legs felt like putty. It was a
long trip to the bathroom, but eventually I felt the toilet seat
against my butt and grimaced in pain. But I needed to let go of my
bladder more  and relieved myself. As soon as I was done I let myself
roll off the toilet seat to relieve the pain in my rear.
I was hoping to be freed completely of the straitjacket and
hood soon as well. I was hungry and thirsty and cranky. But I was
also happy to be finally freed from that terribly bondage position.

Again I was dragged around. I was afraid Jesse was taking me back to
the basement and tried to struggle. I kicked a little with my legs
but they were still like putty. One slap of the hand on my butt was
enough to take the fight out of me.

Jesse let me lie on the floor of the living room for a while as
she panted. She wasn't used to hauling an almost 200 pound dead
weight around. She stared at me for a while. She just loved how
helpless and vulnerable I looked there lying at her feet and she
smiled happily. She wished the moment could last forever.

She thought about whether or not she would take the hood and
the gag off or not. She was really curious to see the look in my eyes
after all this, but she was a little afraid my look would made her
melt and break her heart. She checked the fridge and took out some
liquid breakfast for me. She fed me through the small funnel and the
hole in my hood and decided that the hood was not coming off. She
liked to hear me plead normally, but she wanted me to let me know
that there was no pleading and no way out.

The straitjacket was unlocked and removed and Jesse rolled me
on my stomach, arms outstretched. I didn't struggle as she started to
massage my arms, shoulders and back. She was very careful with the
legs, though they still hurt. When I raised my arm to point at the
hood and gag, she slapped my arm down. I had no strength left in my
arms at all either, but the massage was making me feel a lot better.

I hardly noticed it when she put my steel restraints on my ankles and
wrists. They're the same secure stainless steel restraints lined with
thick neoprene rubber that Jesse was wearing, but mine had 3 D-rings
on every restraint. I became curious as to what was going to happen.

I started to struggle but was no match for her as she locked my
wrists together behind my back. Using two padlocks, she locked two
sets of D-rings together and now my hands were securely locked
together behind my back, palms together.

I struggled as best as I could, even ignoring the slaps on my
butt as Jesse started drag me to the basement again. In my weakened
condition, I was no match for her as she dropped me on the middle of
the floor in the basement and locked my ankles together securely as
well.

I couldn't crawl away as Jesse took the long steel cable from
the winch and put it through the pulley on the ceiling. She put the
end of the cable through the 3rd D-ring on each restraint and then
used a padlock to lock the end of the cable around the part of the
cable before it reached my restraints. It was now a wide loop of
cable that was looped through my restraints and went up into the
pulley system. I realized that she could now hog-tie me by simply
rolling up the winch and I bucked and pleaded, trying to get her to
let me out. I struggled as best as I could, but the restraints were
much too strong. I couldn't even dent the neoprene rubber in enough
to chafe myself with them. The pleading was of no use since the gag
and hood blocked everything but a soft whine.

Jesse started to slowly wind up the winch, which rattled with
every click it was tightened. With the one way locking engaged, the
steel cable could only get shorter and shorter.

Jesse would up the winch so slowly that it took 5 minutes
before the loop got so tight that my feet had to leave the floor.

Slowly, ever so slowly the loop continued to shrink and my ankles
were pulled very slowly to my wrists. About five minutes later, my
feet were touching my hands but still the loop tightened. My wrists
came closer and closer to my ankles and my upper chest and head left
the floor to accommodate my position.

"That should hold you for now I think", said Jesse. "It's a
good thing you're pretty flexible, but you'll become a lot more
flexible sweetie. I love you so much". I heard her say something. I
managed to make out the words sweetie and love and flexible, but I
wasn't sure about it.

Jesse left for the living room and started to watch the Animal
Planet as I tried to get as comfortable as possible in my new bondage
position. I wondered what time it was and just what it was that Jesse
wanted from me. Breaking me sounded nice a long time ago, but what
exactly would it be? I found that if I tried to stretch my legs, I
could do that a little but it would cause my legs to go up in the air
while even my crotch left the floor and I ended up resting on my
upper chest and face. It was even less comfortable so I let my legs
slide back towards my wrists.

While it was a very uncomfortable position, it was the best I
could do in the circumstances. It was a tight hog-tie and I knew
there would be no escape, but it wasn't as strainful as the position
I had been for the past 24 hours or so. The evil thing about a hog-
tie is that your own body starts to work against you. So was mine, I
just had to stretch my legs a little at times even though it was
uncomfortable. But still, so far the most painful experience I was
having right now was the hood and the gag.

Jesse waited two hours before going back to the basement,

slowly she started to turn the winch again and I felt the hog-tie
grow tighter by the minute. It took two minutes before the hog-tie
was as tight as it could possibly go and only my stomach and dick was
still touching the floor. I tried to struggle and yell into the gag,
I was so sore already. I didn't want to be suspended in a hog-tie.

Jesse laughed out loud and chuckled to herself. "It doesn't matter
what you want or if you can take it, I want it and you will go
through anything I want you to go through."

She continued turning the winch and I lost all contact with the
floor. I continued to hear the rattling of the winch for a long time
as I felt myself being raised higher and higher until I felt the
pulley against my hands. Jesse tried to turn the winch a little more
and it felt as if my ankles were squashed against my wrists. The hog-
tie became as tight as any hog-tie could possibly be and there was no
give anymore. The pulley prevented my legs from stretching since the
loop could no longer be enlarged anymore.

I must've been a clear 5 feet off the floor if not more and I
wondered how I was going to stand this. The strain from my own weight
on the hog-tie was as bad as the strain put on me by my previous
pose, but I had my own muscles working against me now, pulling at
myself to flex and stretch out. I struggled and swung a little bit
from the pulley.

Jesse placed a small ladder next to me and grabbed two chains
and a few padlocks. She looped the first chain around my upper arms,
just above the elbows and cinched it as tight as she could get it,
then locked it with a padlock. The other chain she locked to the top
of my hood and pulled it backwards as tightly as possible. It felt
like she was trying to break my neck. She tightly locked the other
end of the chain to my ankle restraints and I felt like a trophy... I
could wriggle my feet and fingers but that was it.

The angle was a little awkward for Jesse, but after she had
been staring at me for a little while, she took my dick and started
to lick it and suck it. Combined with the pain I was in due to the
hog-tie, it was earth shattering as I came in her mouth. I wondered
why she let me do that, since it was something she normally didn't
like at all or so I thought.

After she cleaned me up, the frustration of being in restraints
without any sexual energy came over me again for the umpteenth time
since this whole thing had started.

Drenched in misery, I hung tightly strained into my hog-tie,
wondering how long it would be before anything would happen. My back
felt like it was about to break and I was sore all over. Every muscle
had something to complain about.

Jesse had taken more pictures and had left me alone in my
misery. I recalled the time when I had her hog-tied. We had met a few
months earlier and she was terrified of restraints at the time. We
had a bet where she had to do 1000 crunches and if she could do that,
she could hog-tie me for the night. If she couldn't, I would hog-tie
her for the night. She did the 1000 crunches, but she was afraid she
would hurt me so after she had me hog-tied (very loosely, I might
add), she let me out a few minutes later. I had no such fears and
then tied her in a reasonably tight hog-tie and I went to sleep. She
was afraid to wake me and she was in tears by the time I woke up. She
was sore for days afterwards. That was from 6 hours in a hog-tie.

This hog-tie I was in now was so much tighter and more strict, I
wondered how long she would leave me in it, knowing how her earlier
experience had traumatized her. She still wouldn't let me hog-tie her
now, even if I promised it would be for less than 15 minutes.

What possessed her to put me in a hog-tie like this? There was
no escape and I thought I had gone mad. There was nothing I could do
to relieve the strain and pain. There was no sound from the hood
worth speaking off, there was no give in the restraints at all and
there was no help. All I could think of was that I wanted out. I
couldn't believe what was happening, but there was no denying it, I
was in constant pain... growing and increasing pain as time passed.

Jesse needed to take her mind off of me. Putting me in that
hog-tie wasn't so bad, but knowing that I had been in it for two
hours by now made her uneasy. She didn't dare go to the basement to
check up on me knowing she would let me out. She was very
uncomfortable with hog-ties, but she was certain that if she kept me
in it long enough, I would break. She couldn't imagine even the
strongest person in the world lasting for more than 10 hours without
going bonkers. She had done 6 in a much less strict one and she knew
the effects that had had on her. She had decided that I was going to
do 20 hours in the hog-tie, to make sure that I would be docile when
she would release me. She had hoped that I would've been more docile
after the 24+ hours in the straitjacket, hood and tight suspension
rig, but I had still some fight left in me. Not after this hog-tie
though.

Jesse looked at herself. Her feet were starting to hurt from
the stiletto heels but she decided to keep them on as long as she had
me in the hog-tie as a reminder. It would be a painful new record for
her too, but she knew I would be proud of her. She checked her watch.
It was only 5 PM and it was Saturday. She called Lauren to see if
Lauren would be doing anything tonight. "Of course I'm doing
something tonight silly, I'm going to visit you. You've scheduled
your birthday party for tonight, remember?", Lauren said.
With all the playing Jesse had forgotten about that. The drinks
and snacks were in the basement and everything was prepared for the
party, except Jesse herself. She thought who all would be coming
over. Not Marc and Karen, since they came over last night, but her
friends from work and school would be coming over, about ten people
in total.

Jesse thought about changing her outfit, since half the people
visiting had no idea about my tastes in clothes for her. Jesse didn't
like to wear tight clothes in public. What she was wearing now was
very extreme in her mind. But she had promised to herself to make me
proud and wear the outfit until tomorrow.

She decided to take a few drinks to make it a little easier and
take away the huge amount of shyness she normally possessed. She
decided to go for it and wear her short skirt, high heels, tight top
and her set of gleaming restraints at home in front of her friends.

She had seen most of them going club hopping a few times and usually
she was the one who didn't fit in clotheswise because they were
dressed so much more sexily. Not this time though. Jesse grinned. She
was getting very excited and needed some sexual relief. It didn't
take her long. She hauled the drinks out of the basement and closed
the basement door, waiting for the people to arrive.

Jesse got some comments on her outfit, but nothing bad. Mainly
wows and oh mys. Three of her friends asked her for the address where
she got the collar and two asked her where she got her boots. This
made her feel a little better about her outfit, though there was one
colleague in particular who leered at her. She wasn't sure if it was
a look of jealousy or one of disgust. She didn't let it get to her
though and had a little fun chatting with her friends. They watched a
movie together and listened to music... and more chatting.

Jesse had to stop one girl from going into the basement. The
girl was drunk and was looking for the bathroom.

The party continued until 3 am when the last three guests left.
Jesse had a fun evening though she hadn't forgotten about me being
down in the basement. She wondered how I was doing and the alcohol
gave her the courage to go downstairs and check up on me. I was
asleep in a restless sleep, haunted by nightmares and the terrible
pain of cramped up muscles throughout my body. It wasn't really
sleep. It was more like a series of short black outs caused by the
pain in my body.

Jesse checked my breathing and stared lustfully at me. She was
finally starting to see the appeal of a body in a tight hog-tie. I
just looked so helpless and vulnerable. She thought about putting the
cock cage with spikes on the inside on me again and adding a weight
to it. She grinned evilly at her plan, but decided to let me cope
with the situation as I was and not to interfere at all. She wished
me night night, which I didn't hear and left for her own bed. She
fell soundly asleep, solid as a rock.

My night was horrible. The few short minutes I blacked out or
slept were mind numbing and so was the constant pain. There was no
relief and it never got any less painful. All it did was slowly
increase and creep up on me. I wondered how long I would be able to
stand it. Due to the slow increase the pain didn't make me faint, it
just seemed I was about to faint all the time. I couldn't stand it.
It was maddening and I felt like I was losing my mind. I tried to
remember my name. It was Bill, but I had to think about it. I tried
to remember what my mouth would feel like without the gag in it. It's
hard to describe what I went through in my mind. I didn't know if I
was dreaming, if I was tripping, hallucinating or whether I was just
going insane. But something inside me had snapped. The pain somehow
felt good all of a sudden. I was alive. I hurt like hell but I was
alive. The pain only made me feel more alive and more sensitive. I
drank into the sensation of pain...

Was I broken? It might be. I don't know what broke, but
something inside me did. I wasn't feeling miserable anymore. My body
was being pushed way past any limits I never thought I had. I thought
my limits were right down with the paddling, but during the past days
they had been increased to levels that scared me. And now my limits
had disappeared. I felt free in a way. I laughed into my gag and
started to drool. I just couldn't help myself. I felt like I knew a
deep dark secret that I could never explain to anybody.

Jesse woke up Sunday around 1 PM. She washed herself and got
herself ready to release me. Her feet were killing her due to the
heels and she walked a little unsteadily down the basement.

Time stood still. I had no sense of time passing for a while. I
don't know how long it was, but it wasn't until Jesse woke up and
touched me when I snapped out of it. The pain returned. The feeling
of euphoria passed and I started to cry for all that I had lost. I
wanted to return to that state but nothing happened other than the
pain I was in.

Jesse touched my dick first and it sprang to attention. I
wailed into the gag and hood. Now that the pain was back I wanted
more than ever to be out of these restraints. She gave my dick the
same oral attention as it had received just after she had hoisted me
up into this hog-tie and she made sure I had cum cleanly in her mouth
before she unlocked the one way stop from the winch and started to
lower me.

As my body touched the ground, I felt like a fallen angel. My
muscles gave out on me. They finally were able to straighten
themselves out again and I flopped on the floor when Jesse unlocked
the chains first and then unlocked the cable from my restraints. I
felt her unbuckle the hood and unlace it and she covered my eyes as
she pulled it off.

My hair was a mess.... I was crying big tears of joy and
sorrow. I didn't want that feeling of euphoria to end. But I wave
very happy to be finally freed. Jesse unbuckled the gag and gently
worked the gag out of my mouth.

She took the earplugs out and kisses me passionately on the
mouth while I cried. All I could say was: "Thank you Jesse. I love
you so much. Thank you." My voice was raspy and dry. "Hush. Don't say
anything sweetie", she said.

Jesse unlocked my restraints and helped me upstairs to her bed,
where she lay me on my stomach and propped a pillow under my head. I
promptly fell asleep under Jesse's watchful gaze.

I woke up sometime around 8 PM. Jesse was lying next to me,
watching me and the television. She smiled at me and I smiled at her.

I stretched out my arm and wrapped it around her. My body felt like a
car wreck and my muscles felt like pudding. "How are you feeling?"
asked Jesse. "I feel like I've been reborn..."

We talked for a few hours. She wanted all about how I felt and
what was going through my mind during the weekend. I told her as best
as I could explain and asked her why she had gone way past what I had
put down on the certificate. She left the bed and got the
certificate. I noticed that it wasn't the same as what I had made for
her. I read it carefully and said: "You did the right thing my love.
I can't thank you enough for what you have taught me this weekend,
even though it was supposed to be my gift for you. I love you so
much!"

"Your gift was wonderful sweetie. The best present I've ever
had from anyone. I love you so much as well", Jesse said.
As we slowly fell asleep in each other's arms for the night, I
whispered to Jesse: "I've always been right. You're an angel and I'm
a lucky man..."

I drifted to a restful sleep and dreamt about what would happen
next weekend...

The end for now.

====================================================================
   The author can be reached for comments at: skydancer@giant.net
====================================================================




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Captured


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





