BDSM Library - Children Of The Night




Children Of The Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A romantic bdsm story about how a normal girl was trained to be her master's slavegirl.
CHILDREN OF THE NIGHT
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

Lightly proofread and edited by Streph.


******************************************************
Same warning as with any of my work.  If you aren't at least 18/21, or live 
in an area that the laws prohibt this kind of material.  Stop now.



CHILDREN OF THE NIGHT

Prologue

    He was there again, the strange, man.  He never spoke other than to order 
food.  He always went out of his way, or so it seemed to Kris, to be sure he 
sat in her station at the all night diner she worked in.
    He gave her the creeps.  It wasn't just that no matter how much he ate, 
he never seemed to gain so much as an ounce, or that his voice, when he did 
speak, was never louder than a whisper.  It was his eyes.  The watched her, 
always watching.  Almost as if he was watching something that he owned.  Like 
she was his, either property or meal.  She didn't know which, but it really 
didn't matter, he scared her.  She had complained to her boss more than once 
about him.  But Bobby just patted her on the arm, asked if he had said or 
done anything to her.  When she had to admit that, 'no', if anything, he was 
one of her most polite, and best tipping, customers.  He would just give her 
a strange look and tell her 'that this was a place of business, and anyone 
who wanted to eat here, as long as they weren't breaking the law, could'.

    "Can I get you anything else sir?"  She stood by his table, trying hard 
not to make it obvious that she was going out of her way not to stand close 
to him.
    "No, my dear, I do believe that you have seen to all my needs, as you 
always do."  The soft, almost compelling voice as he looked up at her, a 
small smile playing on his lips.  "So tell me, child, what is my tab this 
evening."  A light, touch, on her arm, almost caressing it.
    Kris jerked back, pulling the meal ticket from her pad, and almost threw 
it on the table before him.  "When you are ready, I'll see you at the counter 
sir."  She all but ran from him.  He was becoming more and more almost 
possessive.  She hated when he touched her, and he seemed to take such 
pleasure out of doing just that.  Every chance he got, oh he would never do 
anything more than touch her arm, and it was never done in a threatening 
fashion.  But his hand was always so cold, the feeling of his skin against 
hers, it always sent shivers down her spine.  

    "That's it."  She muttered as she came around the corner.  "That," she 
stopped, trying to remind herself that she was at work, and profanity, in a 
waitress, was frowned upon.  "That 'freak of nature', touches me just one 
more time, and I'll put him in the hospital."
    Robert Duncan, Bobby, to everyone but the IRS, looked up from the grill.  
"He giving you problems again, girlfriend?"
    "No, or not any problem that you would consider a problem.  He pays his 
bill, doesn't make a scene, so what's the problem."  She slammed dishes into 
the washer, so mad she almost broke a plate.
    "I hate to say this Kris, but I'm glad he keeps sitting in what ever 
station you have.  He gives me the creeps."  Another waitress muttered under 
her breath, looking at the man.
    "Thanks Becky.  I am glad that I'm not the only one in this place that 
has any sense."  Kris muttered; trying to put on a smile as the man in 
question stood and came to the register.  Well, at least he would be leaving 
now.  What a really lousy way to end an otherwise really good shift.
    Bobby wiped his hands on the apron he wore as he stepped up to the 
register to confront the man.  "Your meal okay?"  He tried to see what it was 
that had his girls so spooked about this man.  But he didn't see anything out 
of the ordinary.  Yes, the chap did look just a bit odd, but he was no fool.  
He might look young.  With his dark gray eyes and boyish looks, and he might, 
even, be considered young by some.  But , but he was no fool.  He might look 
young, with his dark gray eyes and boyish looks, and he might be young.  But 
he was much more quicker than most gave him credit for being.  But he didn't 
see anything out of the ordinary, but he just didn't see it.  Kris had been 
working for him for almost five years, after all the drunks and dopers that 
she had dealt with, this odd bird, shouldn't have caused her to even bat an 
eye.  
    "As always.  Your help here is as good as the food."  Again he reached 
out to touch Kris's arm.  Only to be brought up short by a, firm, hand on his 
arm.  "Excuse me?"  The man looked from the hand that was on his arm to the 
man that it belonged to.
    "I have a pretty good idea what you want.  But my girls doesn't go for 
that sort of thing."  Was all that the owner would say.
    The man pulled his arm away from Bobby's grip.  "You think you 'do', you 
don't say."  He pulled back, with a sneer on his face.  "I was only going to 
thank the girl for another pleasant evening, and fine service."  He pulled 
out his wallet.  "Lucky for her, I do not hold her responsible for your 
actions, for if I did, then she would not get the tip I am planning to leave 
her."  A bill was taken from his wallet.  "This is yours girl, I was only 
going to get your attention to see you got it.  I do not trust those in this 
establishment to just leave it on the table."  He pressed the bill into 
Kris's hand.  Looking insulted at Bobby.  "But I have obviously over stayed 
me welcome here, haven't I?"  Another bill with the check was presented to 
her.  "Keep the change.  I am afraid that I have no reason to visit here 
again."  He looked at Bobby, a cold glint to his eyes.  "I haven't a clue, 
what you think of me, nor do I care, but I will not be insulted, not by 
something so lowly as a," the tone was so insulting that it was just short of 
an insult.  "'Short order cook'."  And he turned to leave.  Stopping at the 
door.  "Take a good look at your tip, my dear, and then to the man that saw 
to it that there would be no more like it."  And he stormed out.

    Kris rang up his ticket, pocketed the change before looking down at the 
bill he had pressed into her hand.  "Holy shit," she swore, forgetting that 
it was not polite to swear in her profession.  She just looked down at the 
bill in her hand.  He had given her a, five hundred-dollar, tip.  "There is 
just no way."  She held the money to Bobby.  "There is no way this can be 
real."
    "Damn," he whistled softly, taking the bill.  "If it ain't then I should 
have done more than just stopped him from touching you again, I should have 
beat the crap out of him, and if it is, I'm real sorry Kris."  He looked the 
bill to the back of the diner, checking the water mark, paper, printing, the 
ink, anything that might prove it to be a fake, even going so far as to call 
in the serial number but it all was correct.  As far as he could tell, and he 
had seen quite a bit of, funny money, in the ten years he had owned his 
diner, it was real.  "I'm really, really sorry Kris.  It would appear that 
this bill is the genuine article."  He handed the money back to her.  "I 
always figured him to be sweet on you, that was why he was always such a good 
tipper, but damn."  He shook his head.  "Sorry for running him off, if he was 
this sweet on you, I should have stayed out of it.  Sorry girlfriend, but I 
do think I just ran off the worlds best customer."
    Kris just pocketed the money, along with the rest of her tips.  "Don't be 
Bobby, I'd give up this kind of money, any day, just to get to see the look 
on his face when you accused him of trying to move in on one of your 
'girls'."  She laughed shaking her head.  "At least I don't have to put up 
with him pawing at me anymore.  I don't know what he thought I was, or maybe 
I do, but I am glad he won't be in here anymore."
*   *   *
    The last half-hour of her shift ran as smooth as clockwork.  No more 
problems, even, the usual rowdiness that Bobby's diner was known for on 
Friday nights, wasn't present.  It was almost like with the running off of 
that 'freak of nature' as Kris was apt to call the strange man, everything 
just fell into a quiet space.
    "See you tomorrow girlfriend."  Bobby joked, smiling at her as she 
grabbed her coat, and was heading for the door.  "I really do wish you would 
wait a minute or two, though.  Alex will be here soon enough, just as soon as 
he gets off from work.  I would feel a whole lot better if you let him walk 
you to your car.  That's a lot of money you got on you tonight."  He tried 
not to mother her, but this was not the world's best neighborhood, and on top 
of that five-hundred dollars that the 'strange old bird' had given her, she 
also had cleared almost another hundred and twenty bucks.  All in all, it had 
been a very good night for her.
    Kris just laughed at him.  "You have got to be kidding me.  Alex?  Bobby 
he's a sweet guy and all, and as far as I'm concerned, the best you could 
have hooked up with, but let's be real for a few minutes here, shall we?  If 
I was mugged, just exactly what do you think that boy of yours could do.  
Even I can beat him up, without trying."  She just shook her head as she 
pushed her way out the door.  "Wait on Alex, I can't believe he said, 'wait 
on Alex'."  She just chuckled to herself as she headed across the parking lot 
for where the hired help parked.
*   *   *
    Her good mood lasted only long enough for her to get to her car.  
"'Fuck'," she looked at the busted window and slashed tires, all four.  There 
was no way she was going to be able to go anywhere in it tonight.  Well maybe 
the extra money she had now would come in handy after all.  Buying new tires, 
and a new windshield.  Not exactly what she had planned on using it for, but 
reality bites sometimes.  There was no help for it.  She would have to go 
back in and wait for Bobby's 'oh so precious' Alex, maybe she could get him 
to give her a lift home.

    She never saw what hit her.  One moment she was trudging back to the 
diner, muttering under her breath about the only luck she really had was bad, 
the next, the asphalt came up hard and fast as she was struck from behind.




End of Prologue




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

Chapter 1

	She didn't know how long she had been knocked out, but it must have been at
least a half-hour, minimum.  Because when she finally opened her eyes, moaning
in pain at the lump, she was sure she had, on the back of her head. She was
tied, gagged, stripped and belted in a car, she figured she had been knocked out
for at least half an hour, the night out of the window, was black, lifeless and
isolated.  She struggled against the restraints, trying to cry out, but the gag
only let muffled sounds escape from her.
	"Ah, I see you have returned to the land of the living, my dear."  The same
soft, whisper that she had grown to hate so much and the cold hand reached out
to trail his fingers up her upper leg lightly.  "Was beginning to wonder if I
had hit you too hard.  Sorry for that, my dear, but, I was fairly sure that I
couldn't get you any other way."  The hand kept moving up her leg, to press
lightly over her mound, a single finger parting the folds of her sex.  He tisked
at her as she began to struggle, trying to pull away from him.  "Now, now, my
dear, there is really nothing you can do to stop what is going to happen, so you
just might as well, stop this silly struggling.  I have you, and I will keep
you."  His hand turned hard as he grabbed her leg and pulled it, forcing her to
open her thighs.
	'He's going to rape me'.  Was her only clear though, as she felt his hands
continue, to molest her.  'No, of God no, he's going to rape me'.  She whimpered
as she struggled even harder to get away from the hand that was touching her,
invading her most private of places.
	"Ssshh, don't be afraid, child, I am not going to hurt you.  In fact I am
going to give you life eternal.  I only couldn't resist seeing your body,
touching the warmth of your skin."  He pulled his hand away, holding his fingers
up to his nostrils.  "Your scent, and," he slowly began to suck on his fingers
that had just been in her sex.  "Your delightful taste, I am a patient man, my
dear, but if you only knew how long I have wanted to have you.  I have come
every night, ate that over priced trash that you serve, and have dreamed of the
night I would take you.  You really have that bore of an employer to thank for
this.  I was going to wait a few more days, until I had time to fully prepare
for this.  But after the way I was treated, I knew if I didn't act fast, I might
never have you at all.  And that would be such a crime."  He stopped at a lone
red light.  Reaching over to lightly caress her breast closest to him.  "I
promise you this, my dear, you will thank me once I am done.  It has been almost
a century since last anyone was gifted with what I am gifting you tonight." 
This time when he smiled at her, she screamed behind the gag.  He displayed long
and obviously threatening fangs in his grin.
	'He's, oh my God, he's', it made no sense to her, he couldn't be what he was
portraying.  She was going to die.  He would rape her, and then kill her.  She
just shook her head, crying, trying hard to deny what would be her fate.  She
was helpless, bound, gagged, naked, and this lunatic thought he was a vampire. 
She closed her eyes, crying as she felt his hand on her again, stroking her
skin, lightly, almost teasingly.
	He chuckled at her response to seeing what he truly was.  "Now, now, my
dear, I assure you, you have nothing to fear from me, I won't even punish you,
much, for your lack of respect.  You will quickly see, that the 'freak of
nature'," he quoted her from earlier.  "Is more gentle than you ever thought I
would be.  And far more forgiving than you deserve.  I will not beat you for
your lack of respect.  Rape yes, but I won't beat you.  You will rapidly learn
that as masters go, I am far kinder than you fear."  He turned off the main road
onto a lonely drive.  "No, I change my mind.  As I said, I am a far kinder
master than you think.  I won't rape you, but instead, have you beg me to take
you, to ravage that sweetness of yours.  And trust me, child, you will beg for
it."  He pulled the car to a stop infront of an old dark and dank looking house. 
"Welcome home dear."  He turned off the engine.
						*	*	*
	She struggled against him as he unfastened her seat belt and lifted her into
his arms.  For such a frail looking man, he was unbelievably strong, and could
carry her, struggling as hard as she was, with not signs of effort.
	"Be still," he warned her as he sat her on her feet so that he could unlock
the door.
	The room, which, he half led, half dragged her into, was dark.  It looked
line not even the bright rays of the sun would filter through the heavy drapes,
and, as she looked at them hard, she saw the wooden planks over the windows.
  "Now, child, are you going to give me trouble if I untie you?"  He cupped her
face between his hands.  "I do not wish to hurt you.  But if I have to, I will,
so best you be good."  He took the gag from her first.  "Now talk to me girl,
will you force me to hurt you, or will you be good?"
	Kris looked at him in terror, what was she supposed to say.  That she would
just let him do this to her, that she wouldn't fight?  "Please, I, I'm sorry,
please don't do this.  I swear, I'll tell no one."  She almost screamed at the
feelings of his hands on her body again.  "Don't hurt me, please, I'll do
anything you say, just don't hurt me."  She so wanted to pull away, but even as
he untied her, she couldn't, his grip held her where she was.  "Please," an even
softer whisper than his.
	"Answer me something, child.  When I take you tonight, how many lovers have
you had before me?"  Again his hands on her body, cupping her breast, playfully
tugging at her nipple.  "Should I take care not to hurt you, or have you been
ridden many a time?"
	She tried to pull away, but his arms just tightened, holding her there, to
him as his hands continued to toy with her skin.  "Please, I'm sorry, I didn't
mean to say anything, please.  Don't do this."  The reality of her helplessness
was sinking in fast.  Twenty years of celibacy was going to be gone in one
brutal act of force.
	He smiled at her gently, stroking her cheek, as he listened in on her
thoughts.  She was still a virgin, such a rare thing in this day and age.  "Hush
my dear, I promise, I will not hurt you without cause.  Let this be your
punishment, look into my eyes girl."  He knew full well how she would react to
him once he took her, will from her, pity really, it might be days before she
came back to herself, days he knew he wouldn't have with her, but discipline
must be maintained.  At least while she was like this, he wouldn't have to worry
about her fighting him, he wouldn't have to, seriously, hurt her, 'physically'
at any rate.  And he did not want to truly hurt her.  Oh she would make such a
sweet Childe.  And she would be his, for how ever long he had, before those damn
fools felt the change.  But he was so tired of having to follow the law.  So
with this one, this sweet child, he would break the most sacred of all the laws. 
The one that no one dare break.  He would make a Childe of the Night, a vampire,
without, there, being one die before her. 
	She whimpered low in her chest as she felt herself falling into his black
eyes.  She couldn't fight, couldn't resist, it was that, that was the most
frightening thing, she had no will.
	"Now child, do you hear me?"  She nodded, whimpering softly.  "Good, now you
will beg me to punish you, to take your maidenhood, to bend you to my passions." 
He leaned in and kissed her softly.  "Beg girl, I want to hear you beg."
	'Beg', yes, she could do that.  It was all she could do as she leaned
forward.  "Please, yes, punish this one, she was bad, please, punish her."
	Again that whisper like chuckle.  "So you wish me to punish you?"  He
stepped back leaving her to stand free as he released her.  "Tell me," his
voice, though never above a whisper, became cold.  "'Little slave', tell your
master, how you wish to be punished.  Beg me to bend you to my pleasures."  A
single hand pressed against he sex again, "Part your legs girl, this is mine and
I will do with it as I see fit."  His words were cold, but his touch was gentle. 
He did not wish to harm the girl greatly.
	She sobbed against his lips as she felt his cold hand begin to touch her, to
stroke, oh so lightly.  "Yes, Master, your slave, she, she begs you to take her,
to," even though she couldn't stop herself, part of her soul screamed as her
body pressed farther into his grasp.  "Rape her."  And no amount of loss of will
could stop the sobs.
	He shushed her, kissing her softly, again.  "No, child, I will not rape you. 
Your willingness to lay for me, is enough."  He bent lifting her, to carry her
down the hall to the other room, to the bed that was there.  "Ssshh, my dear,
you have been punished.  This is nothing but joy, from this point forward, there
is nothing be joy."  He lay her on the side of the bed, pulling back to smile
down at her.  "Come here little slave, undress your master, let me feel those
pretty lips of yours on me."  He touched her cheek again.  "I want to feel your
mouth on my girl.  I have wanted that since I saw you.  And now, you will give
me what I want, will you not?"
	Kris almost hurt herself in her haste to go to her knees, struggling to
unfasten his belt and loosen his trousers, pulling them down over his hips, to
seek his rapidly growing erection.  "Like this Master?"  She reached out with a
trembling hand and touched the hardening shaft.  "You want her to blow you
Master?"
	This time his laugh wasn't soft, but full throated as he stroked her cheek,
pulling her forward to feel her mouth open and take him inside it.  "Oh yes,
child, that is what I want indeed."  She was such a willing little thing.  He
was beginning to believe that he hadn't had to take her will at all, that all it
would have taken was just a little patience and she would have given in to him,
willingly.  'Oh well, hindsight was forever perfect'.  His hand tangled in her
hair as he began to thrust harder into her delightfully warm mouth.  "Relax,
little slave."  He whispered, as she began to gag as the head of his erection
pressed against the back of her throat.  "Swallow me, girl.  Relax your throat
and try to swallow."
	She struggled to do as he ordered, leaning forward to lay her hands on his
hips as she felt him begin to thrust into her mouth harder, moaning softly as
she fought off the urge to choke for air, as he forced himself deeper down her
throat. She had never done this, had no idea what it would be like, what it
would taste like if he made her blow him to orgasm.  And now like this, she
wanted to.  Anything to please her master, his very happiness fastly becoming
her very reason for living.
	"Touch yourself, little slave, I want to see you bring yourself pleasure." 
He smiled down at her as she began to sob softly as her right hand reached down
and began to masturbate.  "Don't be shy with yourself girl, I want to see you
lost in all that you can feel."
	She closed her eyes, a hard erection in her mouth and the feel of her
fingers as she began rubbing lightly at her clitoris, combined to make her that
much more willing to obey.  He was pleased with her, was going to see to it that
she felt joy, even as he did.  She increased her efforts on his maleness as her
fingers began to rub even harder against her clitoris, reaching down to begin to
timidly thrust inside, fingers deep in her sex, pulling at her labia and
clitoris eagerly.
	"Try not to cum before I do, slave, if you do, I will be forced to punish
you again, and alas, begging will not suffice if you fail me this time.  I will
have to do more than simply, have, you beg me to take you.  So do try to control
yourself for me."  He had forgotten what absolute power felt like, it had been
so very long.  That now, with the feel of it again, he was beginning to think of
all the things he could do to her.  Yes, he would take her mortality, but with
her will gone, he could do oh so much more.  "Oh no, Kris," he chided as Kris
began to lighten her touch on herself.  "Continue as you were, I want you to
cum, my pretty little slave.  I cannot punish you without reason, so give me
one."  His mind lashed at hers.  *Cum, girl, cum now. *
	She moaned, as she came, sobbing around the hardness in her mouth.  He would
punish her now, and it would be more than just begging.  He would hurt her.
	"Pull away child."  He steadied her as she leaned against him, spasming in
the midst of her orgasm.  "We will finish this after your punishment.  Get up
and lay on the bed, on your stomach.  I do so want to feel that sweet little ass
as I sodomize you.  If you are a virgin to men, then I am sure that no man has
ever taken you like I will now."
	It took her a moment to regain control over her body, but Kris obeyed,
shaking as much from the wonderful, mind numbing, orgasm she had just had as
from the knowledge that her master would hurt her, would punish her, and this
was how he would chose to do it.  "Your slave is sorry Master."  She cried
softly.  "Please, she tried, forgive her."
		She didn't know how long she had been knocked out, but it must have been
at least a half-hour, minimum.  Because when she finally opened her eyes,
moaning in pain at the lump, she was sure she had, on the back of her head. She
was tied, gagged, stripped and belted in a car, she figured she had been knocked
out for at least half an hour, the night out of the window, was black, lifeless
and isolated.  She struggled against the restraints, trying to cry out, but the
gag only let muffled sounds escape from her.
	"Ah, I see you have returned to the land of the living, my dear."  The same
soft, whisper that she had grown to hate so much and the cold hand reached out
to trail his fingers up her upper leg lightly.  "Was beginning to wonder if I
had hit you too hard.  Sorry for that, my dear, but, I was fairly sure that I
couldn't get you any other way."  The hand kept moving up her leg, to press
lightly over her mound, a single finger parting the folds of her sex.  He tisked
at her as she began to struggle, trying to pull away from him.  "Now, now, my
dear, there is really nothing you can do to stop what is going to happen, so you
just might as well, stop this silly struggling.  I have you, and I will keep
you."  His hand turned hard as he grabbed her leg and pulled it, forcing her to
open her thighs.
	'He's going to rape me'.  Was her only clear though as she felt his hands
continue to molest her.  'No, of God no, he's going to rape me'.  She whimpered
as she struggled even harder to get away from the hand that was touching her,
invading her most private of places.
	"Ssshh, don't be afraid, child, I am not going to hurt you.  In fact I am
going to give you life eternal.  I only couldn't resist seeing your body,
touching the warmth of your skin."  He pulled his hand away, holding his fingers
up to his nostrils.  "Your scent, and," he slowly began to suck on his fingers
that had just been in her sex.  "Your delightful taste, I am a patient man, my
dear, but if you only knew how long I have wanted to have you.  I have come
every night, ate that over priced trash that you serve, and have dreamed of the
night I would take you.  You really have that bore of an employer to thank for
this.  I was going to wait a few more days, until I had time to fully prepare
for this.  But after the way I was treated, I knew if I didn't act fast, I might
never have you at all.  And that would be such a crime."  He stopped at a lone
red light.  Reaching over to lightly caress her breast closest to him.  "I
promise you this, my dear, you will thank me once I am done.  It has been almost
a century since last anyone was gifted with what I am gifting you tonight." 
This time when he smiled at her, she screamed behind the gag.  He displayed long
and obviously threatening fangs in his grin.
	'He's, oh my God, he's', it made no sense to her, he couldn't be what he was
portraying.  She was going to die.  He would rape her, and then kill her.  She
just shook her head, crying, trying hard to deny what would be her fate.  She
was helpless, bound, gagged, naked, and this lunatic thought he was a vampire. 
She closed her eyes, crying as she felt his hand on her again, stroking her
skin, lightly, almost teasingly.
	He chuckled at her response to seeing what he truly was.  "Now, now, my
dear, I assure you, you have nothing to fear from me, I won't even punish you,
much, for your lack of respect.  You will quickly see, that the 'freak of
nature'," he quoted her from earlier.  "Is more gentle than you ever thought I
would be.  And far more forgiving than you deserve.  I will not beat you for
your lack of respect.  Rape yes, but I won't beat you.  You will rapidly learn
that as masters go, I am far kinder than you fear."  He turned off the main road
onto a lonely drive.  "No, I change my mind.  As I said, I am a far kinder
master than you think.  I won't rape you, but instead, have you beg me to take
you, to ravage that sweetness of yours.  And trust me, child, you will beg for
it."  He pulled the car to a stop infront of an old dark and dank looking
house..  "Welcome home dear."  He turned off the engine.
		*	*	*
	She struggled against him as he unfastened her seat belt and lifted her into
his arms.  For such a frail looking man, he was unbelievably strong, and could
carry her, struggling as hard as she was, with not signs of effort.
	"Be still," he warned her as he sat her on her feet so that he could unlock
the door.
	The room, which, he half led, half dragged her into, was dark.  It looked
line not even the bright rays of the sun would filter through the heavy drapes,
and, as she looked at them hard, she saw the wooden planks over the windows. 
'Now, child, are you going to give me trouble if I untie you?"  He cupped her
face between his hands.  "I do not wish to hurt you.  But if I have to, I will,
so best you be good."  He took the gag from her first.  "Now talk to me, girl,
will you forceme hurt you, or will you be good?"
	Kris looked at him in terror, what was she supposed to say.  That she would
just let him do this to her, that she wouldn't fight?  "Please, I, I'm sorry,
please don't do this.  I swear, I'll tell no one."  She almost screamed at the
feelings of his hands on her body again.  "Don't hurt me, please, I'll do
anything you say, just don't hurt me."  She so wanted to pull away, but even as
he untied her, she couldn't, his grip held her where she was.  "Please," an even
softer whisper than his.
	"Answer me something, child.  When I take you tonight, how many lovers have
you had before me?"  Again his hands on her body, cupping her breast, tugging
lightly at her nipple.  "Should I take care not to hurt you, or have you been
ridden many a time?"
	She tried to pull away, but his arms just tightened, holding her there, to
him as his hands continued to toy with her skin.  "Please, I'm sorry, I didn't
mean to say anything, please.  Don't do this."  The reality of her helplessness
was sinking in fast.  Twenty years of celibacy was going to be gone in one
brutal act of force.
	He smiled at her gently, stroking her cheek, as he listened in on her
thoughts.  She was still a virgin, such a rare thing in this day and age.  "Hush
my dear, I will not hurt you, let this be your punishment, look into my eyes
girl."  He knew full well how she would react to him once he took her, will from
her, pity really, it might be days before she came back to herself, days he knew
he wouldn't have with her, but discipline must be maintained.  At least while
she was like this, he wouldn't have to worry about her fighting him, he wouldn't
have to, seriously, hurt her, 'physically' at any rate.  And he did not want to
truly hurt her.  Oh she would make such a sweet Childe.  And she would be his,
for how ever long he had, before those damn fools felt the change.  But he was
so tired of having to follow the law.  So with this one, this sweet child, he
would break the most sacred of all the laws.  The one that no one dare break. 
He would make a Childe of the Night, a vampire, without, there, being one die
before her. 
	She whimpered low in her chest as she felt herself falling into his black
eyes.  She couldn't fight, couldn't resist, it was that, that was the most
frightening thing, she had no will.
	"Now child, do you hear me?"  She nodded, whimpering softly.  "Good, now you
will beg me to punish you, to take your maidenhood, to bend you to my passions." 
He leaned in and kissed her softly.  "Beg girl, I want to hear you beg."
	'Beg', yes, she could do that.  It was all she could do as she leaned
forward.  "Please, yes, punish this one, she was bad, please, punish her."
	Again that whisper like chuckle.  "So you wish me to punish you?"  He
stepped back leaving her to stand free as he released her.  "Tell me," his
voice, though never above a whisper, became cold.  "'Little slave', tell your
master, how you wish to be punished.  Beg him to bend you to his pleasures."  A
single hand pressed against he sex again, "Part your legs girl, this is mine and
I will do with it as I see fit."  His words were cold, but his touch was gentle. 
He did not wish to harm the girl greatly.
	She sobbed against his lips as she felt his cold hand begin to touch her, to
stroke, oh so lightly.  "Yes, Master, your slave, she, she begs you to take her,
to," even though she couldn't stop herself, part of her soul screamed as her
body pressed farther into his grasp.  "Rape her."  And no amount of loss of will
could stop the sobs.
	He shushed her, kissing her softly, again.  "No, child, I will not rape you. 
Your willingness to lay for me, is enough."  He bent lifting her, to carry her
down the hall to the other room, to the bed that was there.  "Ssshh, my dear,
you have been punished.  This is nothing but joy, from this point forward, be as
sweet as you are right now, and there is nothing be joy."  He lay her on the
side of the bed, pulling back to smile down at her.  "Come here little slave,
undress your master, let me feel those pretty lips of yours on me."  He touched
her cheek again.  "I want to feel your mouth on my girl.  I have wanted that
since I saw you.  And now, you will give me what I want, will you not?"
	Kris almost hurt herself in her haste to go to her knees, struggling to
unfasten his belt and loosen his trousers, pulling them down over his hips, to
seek his rapidly growing erection.  "Like this Master?"  She reached out with a
trembling hand and touched the hardening shaft.  "You want her to blow you
Master?"
	This time his laugh wasn't soft, but full throated as he stroked her cheek,
pulling her forward to feel her mouth open and take him inside it.  "Oh yes,
child, that is what I want indeed."  She was such a willing little thing.  He
was beginning to believe that he hadn't had to take her will at all, that all it
would have taken was just a little patience and she would have given in to him,
willingly. 'Oh well, hindsight was forever perfect'.  His hand tangled in her
hair as he began to thrust harder into her delightfully warm mouth.  "Relax,
little slave."  He whispered, as she began to gag as the head of his erection
pressed against the back of her throat.  "Swallow me, girl.  Relax your throat
and try to swallow."
	She struggled to do as he ordered, leaning forward to lay her hands on his
hips as she felt him begin to thrust into her mouth harder, moaning softly as
she fought off the urge to choke for air, as he forced himself deeper down her
throat. She had never done this, had no idea what it would be like, what it
would taste like if he made her blow him to orgasm.  And now like this, she
wanted to.  Anything to please her master, his very happiness fastly becoming
her very reason for living.
	"Touch yourself, little slave, I want to see you bring yourself pleasure." 
He smiled down at her as she began to sob softly as her right hand reached down
and began to masturbate.  "Don't be shy with yourself girl, I want to see you
lost in all that you can feel."
	She closed her eyes, a hard erection in her mouth and the feel of her
fingers as she began rubbing lightly at her clitoris, combined to make her that
much more willing to obey.  He was pleased with her, was going to see to it that
she felt joy, even as he did.  She increased her efforts on his maleness as her
fingers began to rub even harder against her clitoris, reaching down to begin to
timidly thrust inside, fingers deep in her sex, tugging and pinching lightly at
her labia and clitoris freely..
	"Try not to cum before I do, slave, if you do, I will be forced to punish
you again, and alas, begging will not suffice if you fail me this time.  I will
have to do more than simply, have, you beg me to take you.  So do try to control
yourself for me."  He had forgotten what absolute power felt like, it had been
so very long.  That now, with the feel of it again, he was beginning to think of
all the things he could do to her.  Yes, he would take her mortality, but with
her will gone, he could do oh so much more.  "Oh no, Kris," he chided as Kris
began to lighten her touch on herself.  "Continue as you were, I want you to
cum, my pretty little slave.  I cannot punish you without reason, so give me
one."  His mind lashed at hers.  *Cum, girl, cum now. *
	She moaned, as she came, sobbing around the hardness in her mouth.  He would
punish her now, and it would be more than just begging.  He would hurt her.
	"Pull away child."  He steadied her as she leaned against him, spasming in
the midst of her orgasm.  "We will finish this after your punishment.  Get up
and lay on the bed, on your stomach.  I do so want to feel that sweet little ass
as I sodomize you.  If you are a virgin to men, then I am sure that no man has
ever taken you like I will now."
	It took her a moment to regain control over her body, but Kris obeyed,
shaking as much from the, mind numbingly, wonderful orgasm she had just had as
from the knowledge that her master would hurt her, would punish her, and this
was how he would chose to do it.  "Your slave is sorry Master."  She cried
softly.  "Please, she tried, forgive her, don't do this."
	He lay a hand on her back, stroking her shoulders gently.  "Lay flat girl,
arms and legs outstretched.  I will not bind you again, but I won't have to,
will I?  You will lay here like this for me, until I tell you, you may move. 
Won't you, my bad little slave?"
	"Yes, Master," her words were a wail, she had failed, and now her master
would punish her, really punish her.
	'Rape' her, yes, but he did not want to see to it that painful, as it might
begin, she would in the end, beg him for more.  He stood, moving across the room
to the bathroom, and what he needed there.
	"You are more lucky than you know, slave."  He returned, with a tube in his
hand.  "I will punish you, but I will not do you grievous harm."  He knelt
behind her, pulling her up on her knees.  "There you go girl.  This is the most
easy way for you to give yourself to me."  He parted her cheeks, as he began to
rub his slick fingers over her rectal opening.  "This will hurt, it is a shame,
I had wanted to introduce you to loving me this way, as painlessly as possible,
but consider this your punishment for failing me."  He pressed one finger
forward, working it's way into her, to thrust slowly, giving her the chance to
become somewhat accustomed to something in her.
	She moaned, whimpering at the intrusion.  But she did not move.  He
frightened her, her master.
	"Ssshh, it is nothing by my fingers, child.  The pain is nothing, breathe
with it."  He worked a second finger in, thrusting a little harder.  "One more,
and then I will have you.  Your tightness, it grips my fingers so.  I might just
go mad before taking you."  He laughed softly at her whimper as he forced yet a
third finger in, stretching her for him.
	"Please, Master, you're slave, she is very sorry, please, don't do this,
your slave, she is begging you."  A soft cry of pain slipped past Kris's lips as
the pain of his combined fingers, as they raped her was horrible.
	His thrusts brew in strength as he bent to whisper in her ear.  "I told you
to 'beg' slave.  How many more times am I going to have to punish you before you
understand that?  You will beg for your punishment.  Will accept that it is your
just due for failing."
	Kris cried out louder.  "Yes, Master.  Please, you're slave, she is bad,
punish her."
	He nipped at her shoulder, before lifting his head again to press his lips
against her ear.  "I was going to let this rape be your punishment, but now, I
believe I will have to beat you as well."  His hand reached up to capture a
breast, squeezing hard, bringing another cry of pain from Kris.  "Do not fail
again, or we will be here all night, punishing you."
	She sobbed her promise to be better.  She wanted to do better more than just
for the fear of the pain her punishment would bring.  He was all she could focus
on now, his happiness gave her life meaning.  She would do anything to please
him.
	He pulled his fingers out, making soothing noises as he parted her cheeks
again, to press the head of his erection against her virgin little bud.  "Relax,
child.  This is going to happen, so you might as well relax and welcome it."  He
breached her frail, mortal barriers with one thrust, listening to the scream of
pain that filled the room.
	"Master, please!"  She screamed, at the burning of her never before tested
opening.  "You're tearing me, please Master, this slave, she is sorry, but you
are tearing her!"
	He paused, for a moment, looking down, there was no blood, so he had not
ruptured her in any way.  "No, girl, you are unhurt.  Now beg me to take you,
like this.  Beg me to make you mine."  She was so tight, so warm, it was true
paradise he was feeling.
	"Yes, Master."  She cried low, shuddering with each thrust.  It hurt, but
her master he liked it, it pleased him, and to please him, she was willing to
suffer anything.  "Harder Master, hurt your slave, anything, if it pleases you,
then make it harder."
	He leaned in.  *This part of your punishment if over, slave, now it pleases
me for you to enjoy. *  Again his will came down on hers, and with as lost as
she was, it was no great effort to have her responding to him as she had
earlier.  *Cum for me again, girl.  Cum now, with my permission. *
	This time her scream was not in pain, but in heat and lust, as again she
felt her body, respond.  Her orgasm beginning in the bottom of her belly to
spread out through her body, robbing her of what little control she had left.
	He could lose himself forever in this, but knew, to do what he wanted with
this child, he would have to be willing to give into her delightful heat.  So it
was with a little regret that he buried himself deep in her and came.
	Kris wanted to curl up into a ball, as he pulled away, but her master would
be ill with her, she couldn't do that, she let him pushed her back to lie flat
on the bed, opening her legs again at his touch.  Now he would beat her.  She
had earned this one.  Not tricked or forced.  She had failed with him, and now
she would get what was only what she had earned.
	He pulled away to quickly clean himself of his assault on her.  Soon enough
this would no longer be needed for her.  Pity it would not be him that was with
her when the passage he had just taken was clean and sweet. 

	He bent for his pants, first he would whip her, and then, the thoughts of
what she would feel like, her tightness, teased his senses.  "I live far from
any other mortal, so I want to hear you scream.  Can you do that, or are you
going to fail me again, slave?"
	She fought back a sob.  "Yes, Master, your bad slave, she can scream if you
want her to scream."  And as the first blow landed against her lower back and
buttocks, scream she did.
	Again and again the blows fell, cutting her back and buttocks, leaving her
not only screaming, but a bloody mess, as so many of the blows drew blood. 
"Please, oh please Master, your slave, she is sorry, please don't hit her
again."  She cried, out in both pain and horror as yet another blow fell.  He
was going to kill her, beat her to death, and she couldn't even gather up enough
strength of will to try to avoid the blows.  She was going to lie there,
screaming as he beat her to death.
	The blows finally stopped when she had finally begun to really believe that
they never would.  "I must say, little slave, your screams, they have enflamed
me."  He bent and licked the blood from one of the many welts that had broken
the skin.  The taste of her blood, it was so sweet, not the bland, lifeless
blood of one of the many cows and pigs that he had grown so accustomed to.  No
this was sweet, warm and with the pain and fear that came with it, intoxicating.
	He continued to lick the blood from her body, as the properties in his
saliva began to heal the open wounds.  He wanted her, so badly right now.  If he
didn't take her, and make her his, he would surely go mad.  "Now, child, you may
roll over.  I have tasted how sweet you are, welcome me now, bear your throat as
I take your virginity."  And as she turned over, laying back, arms and legs
still open, inviting him to her, he lay over her warm flesh, fangs sinking deep
into her jugular as he took her, filling her with one powerful thrust.
	This time when she screamed, it was not of pain, but of heat and pleasure. 
Arms lifting to hold him to her as her legs did the same.  Fitting over his hips
as she returned his mad and powerful taking of her.  It was not love, she knew
that, her master he didn't love her, but he did want her and as she felt her
heart begin to labor even harder as he drained her, she wanted him too.
	"Ssshh, child."  He reached for a knife, so that as he cut his throat, she
could drink from him.  Soon enough she would have fangs, but for now, she was
still mortal, still so very fragile.  "Drink Kris.  Drink and forget the fear of
ever dying again."  He would see that she was given all the care that he could
ever give her.  He pulled her head up to the wound, feeling her pull on his life
almost as hard as she had just so recently pulled on his manhood.
	It took six more times with the knife, as he would pull away only long
enough to reopen his jugular, to feed her again.  But that was enough, she was
his now.  Would be his for however long it took for them to find him and take
his life from him.  Doing this had been certain death, he knew that, but he just
no longer cared.  Better that he died now, knowing that he had chosen his own
replacement, and had made her, his before he died.  "Enough now, my darling. 
You might not feel it yet, but you are mortal, no more.  I have made you my
darling sweet Childe.  I am your Father, your Sire, as it were.  Remember that,
always, even when the day comes that I am no longer with you.  'I made you'. 
And no one can ever take that away from us."  He stroked her hair gently as she
began to die.  Crying in fear and pain as her body began its painful
transformation.  "It's okay Kris, I promise you, it's okay."
	He held her as she died.  Moved to clean her body of all that was mortal,
letting her come away clean.  It would be hours before she woke again, but that
was fine.  In the shape she was in now, still lost to herself, it was better
that she slept though this frightening time.
						*	*	*
	The agonizing pain of her gut eating at, itself woke her; she came awake
crying in such pain.  Pain that not even the beating he had given her could
compare to.  "Ssshh, drink Childe.  Go on Kris, it is only hunger."  He pulled
her to his throat, moaning, softly as her newly formed fangs found purchase in
his throat.  "That's my girl.  Soon enough you will be forced to live on bottled
blood, but for now, just drink."
	She pulled away, a look on confusion on her face.  "Master, why do you keep
calling this bad slave Kris?"
	He sighed, he should have expected this, did actually, but it had been so
long since last time he had taken the will of another, that he had forgotten how
lost she would be for a time.  "Your name is Kris, and you are a slave no more,
but my Childe.  Remember that I made you into one like myself.  You are mortal
no more, but a vampire now.  I am your father, so yes, call me Master, but you
are not my slave any longer, but my Childe, my daughter.  And until such time as
I am taken from you.  I will love you, more than you have ever been loved
before."  He bent, kissing her, licking his blood from her lips.  "So, Childe,
are you full, or do you need to feed again?"  He pulled her head back to his
throat as he sank his fangs into hers, Yes, Childe, feed.  Like this, we can
share our love.  Soon enough will come nothing but cold, soulless, blood, but
here like this.  Drink my sweet Childe, drink.

End of Chapter 1




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 2
	"Damn him."  The woman hit the desk she was sitting at.  She had known it
was only a matter of time before her brother gave into the insanity that always
threatened the truly aged.  But now, and like this.  There was going to be no
way to protect him.  Once the elders found out his crimes, if he was lucky they
would just drive him out into the sun.  But, knowing the law as she did, she
knew he would be forcibly put in the earth, entombing him forever.  There was no
worse punishment for their kind.  Better to go into the sun than down into the
earth.  The sun could only kill you, but once entombed, you could last forever. 
Oh they would be kind enough to feed him, once a year, just to show what pity
they were willing to show, for a mad man. 
	And what was she to do about this poor Childe that he had in his madness
created.  Would she be forced to be her brother's keeper, and clean up his
mistake?  Put into a position that would have her killing one of her own blood?
	"Mother, what am I to do?"  She looked at the ancient woman who sat in the
chain infront of the desk.  "He is your Childe, my brother, this poor Childe
that he has taken, will he or she have to die, for his crime?"
	The woman looked at her, pity in her eyes.  "I don't know Janis, maybe yes,
but then again, maybe no.  But best you find him before the rest of the elders
do.  He might still listen to you.  I would rather my mad Childe go into the
sun, than what they will do to him.  If he dies, then the Childe, will, of
course, be allowed to live.  But if they reach him before you, they will entomb
him, and then the Childe will most assuredly be killed, be exposed to the sun. 
Why is it, do you think, I came to you first?  You were close to Marcus, closer
than any other, perhaps even than he was to me."
	"So none of the others, know about this yet?"
	"No, but it is only a matter of time.  I will have to tell them of my
Childe's crimes.  They will then see to justice.  Please, Janis, you are his
elder sister, please, my son is lost to me.  With the breaking of the Law, he
was forever lost to me.  But if you can only make it to him in time, I will not
lose my GrandChilde as well.  Think of it, Childe, there has not been a newly,
made, Fledgling in almost a hundred years.  Jessy, your son was the last.  Do
not allow this to happen.   Save your brother's Childe.  If only for me."
	Janis nodded.  Asha, her mother was right.  She had to hurry, Marcus was
done for, but the Childe, if she could make it in time, the Childe could be
saved.
		*	*	*
	Kris whimpered, as hunger woke her, yet, again.  "Master," she crawled to
where he lay sleeping.  "Please. This one, she is hungry."  She still didn't see
herself, as a person yet and probably, for a time, wouldn't.
	"Up with the setting of the sun I see."  It had been so long since last he
was made to wake at this unholy hour.  But she was his Child, and as long as he
lived, he would see to her.
	"It hurts Master."  She whimpered, trying to latch herself to his throat
again.
	"No Kris, it is time you started to learn how it will be for you.  Come, I
know that this is nothing compared to what we shared thus far, but it will cool
the burning in your belly."  He rose, holding out a hand to her.  "Come on
Childe.  What you seek is in the kitchen."

	She watched as he poured thick red fluid from a bottle, then returned that
bottle to the refrigerator.   "Now, listen to me Childe."  He spoke slowly, so
that with any luck, she would remember what he was to say.  "No more than thirty
seconds."  He popped the mug into the microwave.  "No it will not heat the blood
fully, but it will knock the chill from it, and any longer, and the blood begins
to cook, and that will do you now good, for when it cooks, it begins to break
down."  He waited for the beep, before opening the door and pulling out the mug. 
"Remember, Kris, no more than thirty seconds."  He handed her the mug.
	It was thick, it was cold, and it tasted horrible. But she drank it anyway. 
For with the first touch of it to her lips, her hunger took over.  She made a
disgusted face as she handed him back the mug.  "Yuck, it was cold Master.  Why
can't she drink from you like she did last night?"
	He just laughed softly, as he pulled the bottle back out and filled the mug
again.  "Oh, you will Kris, but it is time you started to learn how it is you
must live.  I don't know how much longer I will be with you, and I don't want
you to be left completely ignorant of how your new life is to be led."  Again
the touch of a warming, but this time, he didn't give the mug to her, but drank
from it himself.  "Now, listen to me Kris.  I am not sure how much of what I am
going to say to you, you will not understand.  Particularly at this moment, but
I am going to try to explain things to you."  He gently led her back into the
living room, and motioned for her to sit by him.
	"Master?"
	"Hush Childe, I have many things to tell you, and I am afraid that I don't
have a lot of time.  By now, they know of you.  They know what I did.  And they
will seek me out, and I will die for what I have done."  He hushed her as she
began to cry.  "No, Childe, believe me, I don't regret what I did.  The ban on
making children was set before I ever had an opportunity to pass my blood to
another.  I don't care what they do to me.  You are my Childe, and I am very
proud of what I have done with you.  But, there is a ban for a reason.  I even
supported it when it was first made.  There can no be more of us than there are
right now.  This world, it isn't like it was once, back before modern man
started to rule the night as well as the day.  We do not hunt, we do not pass
our gift, and every thirty years or so, you must die."  Again he made a soft
shushing noise as she began to cry again.  "Not die in truth, but to the mortals
that run this world now.  You must leave, move and become the inheritor,
daughter, niece, whatever of your own inheritance.  And trust me Childe with my
death, you will have quite a substantial little nest egg to fall back on.  This
house will be yours, and with it, come many more, and all I own as well.
	"But why, Master, she is your Childe, why must you die?"
	He closed his eyes.  Hating the pain he knew he would cause her.  "Because
Kris, I made you.  You are my Childe, and there can not be anymore children.  If
I die, they will have to let you live.  For, you, are my replacement, I am tired
of living.  But I will not just die, and let someone else decide who is to
replace me.  I chose you, and I made you."
	"Please, Master, don't die, kill this one instead, then there will be no
other that they can say you made."  She grabbed his arm.  "Please, this one
would rather die than lose you, please Master."
	He grabbed her in his arms, holding her tight.  "No, I will not kill my own
Childe, Kris, I made you.  You are of my own blood, as surely as if I fathered
you.  Do not ask me to kill you.  I won't, I can't."
		*	*	*
	"So, you aren't as insane as I feared."  A soft, woman's voice from the
door, "you know what you have done Marcus.  You won't kill her, but if you don't
die, and die soon, then they will."
	He looked to the woman who stood there.  "So it is my own sister that they
sent to see to my death.  I had thought that they would be kinder than that." 
He sighed.  "Well no matter.  You are here, I entrust my Childe to you, sister. 
I will meet the sun at dawn.  Be patient with her.  I had to take her will, and
she is still lost to herself."
	"Why Marcus, what possessed you to do this?  You do know that when one of us
gets ready to die, we can pick a mortal to replace us.  You could have come to
me or our mother, and told us who you wished to replace you.  Then met the
flames peacefully.  Was it so important that it was you who made her?  If Asha
or I did the making, we are all of the same blood.  It would have been as if you
had done it.  What possessed you to do this yourself.  Even now, mother has to
go to the elders, with what you did, and they will come for you.  Do you know
what will happen if they do?"
	"Yes, sister mine, I do.  That is why I am entrusting her to you.  I will
die, by sun or by fire, long before they can entomb me.  I made my Childe.  I
will not be the cause of her death.  The only reason I said I would wait for the
sun, was that I didn't have time to build a pyre for myself."

	"That was very shortsighted of you, my son."  They all looked up to see not
only Asha, but also three other elder nightwalkers standing in the door. 
	He gently took Kris by the arm and placed her behind him.  "Just a few hours
more, let me spend this last night with my Childe, and I will greet the day." 
They had found him quicker than he had thought.  "Please, Mother, one last
request.  Do not entomb me, do not kill my Childe."  Then to the three with her,
"She is blameless.  Let me die let her live.  I took her just last night.  I had
to take her will from her to make her bend to me.  Show mercy, if you will only
wait until dawn, then the crime I have committed will be no more.  For with my
death, the balance is restored."
	"Why is it do you think, that I sent your sister before me?  Or that I
brought these three elders with me, to deal with you, my son?  They will wait,
just one night.  You can go nowhere.  Others are close by, and if you tried to
flee, then they would come, and the Childe would die, but not before she saw you
beaten down and entombed."  There were tears in the old vampires' eyes.  "Why
Marcus?  Did you not think that either Janis or I would have done right by you? 
What possessed you to do such a thing?"
	He lowered his head to the woman that had made him, almost four centuries
ago.  "I had to be sure, Mother.  I couldn't just die, without knowing for
certain, that she would be the one you finally chose.
	"Master?"  Kris pressed against him.  "This one, she doesn't understand."
	He turned pulling her close.  "It's okay, Kris, you will be safe.  That is
my sister."  He pointed to Janis.  "And that is my Mother, your Grandmother. 
After tonight, they will see to you."  He hushed her cries and she held on to
him.
	"Go, be with your Childe, one last night, for when she rises at the setting
of the sun, you will either be dead, or she will pay the final price for your
crime."  One of the other elders looked upon both Marcus and this wounded Childe
with pity.  "I can safeguard your life, for one night, but not even I can do so
for more than from now until the rising of the sun.  You should have never done
this, but now that you have.  My word, my bond, that if what you say is true and
you will freely go into the sun at dawn.  I will stand as her protector."
	"Thank you Anise, I am not insane.  I knew exactly what I was doing, and
will do.  Just one last night, let her know my love, for just one last night,
and then I will give myself to the sun."
		*	*	*
	Kris whimpered as Marcus closed the door to the bedroom that she had shared
the day with him in.  "Master?"
	"Call me Marcus, Kris, for the last night I hold you, I am not your master,
I am your father, and I would rather go to my death with the memory of my name
from your lips."
	"No, please, this one she does not understand, why are you willing to die
for her, she is nothing."  She trembled as he pulled her close.
	"Oh, no Childe, you are far from nothing, you are near perfect.  I would
brave the sun, die of unspeakable agonies countless times for you."  He gently
lay her back on the bed.  Leaning over her to press her into the mattress.
"Least I will never have to lose you."  He sighed at the completeness of her
response to his kiss.  "I would really rather die, than face that."
	"Master," she whispered clinging to him.  "Make love to this one, like you
did earlier.  Please, she wants to feel you again."
	"Ssshh, Childe, I will.  Gladly, just please, if you can hear me wherever
you have fled.  Call me Marcus.  No, Master tonight, just call me Marcus.  Let
me be your father, your lover, for just one night.  Please, my darling Childe. 
Call me 'Marcus'."  He pushed her away to stand and disrobe before laying over
her again, kissing her.
	She giggled at the feel of his hands as he ran them up her sides, tickling
her a little.  "Marcus."
	*Yes, my beautiful Childe, Marcus. *  He had taken, both, her virginity's
the night before, had made her a woman even as he made her his Fledgling.  And
here, now, like this, he would do more than just see to it that she was a maiden
no more.  For the last night, he would see her cry, but in pleasure and not fear
or pain.
	Her moan was sweet music to him as he gently parted her thighs, reaching to
touch her.  She was still so fresh, so new to all that a man could do for her. 
And regardless of who loved her after this night, he would go to his death,
knowing he was the first, and that he would see that she never forgot him.
	She gasped, almost sitting up at the feel of his mouth on the skin at the
back of  her knee, as he began to make slow and easy love to her with his mouth. 
It just, kept, feeling better and better.  She sighed deeply as she began to
melt as his mouth moved slowly up her inner thigh, kissing and biting gently. 
She moved restlessly, stroking his hair as he gave her this.  No one, ever, had
ever made her feel like he did.  And as he added gentle fingers to his teasing
play, as his mouth found her.  She just pressed, herself up, father into the
wonders he was gifting her.
	He felt more than heard her giving herself to the warm haze of orgasm, as he
loved her.  The feel of her fluids as they washed over his face only made him
burn all the more.
	"Hush Childe."  He moved up her, to press against her, as he went to give
her what they both needed.  And as he thrust deep, feeling her sweet, tight,
warmth sheath him, he could only thank all those that had been willing to give
him this little time with her.
	She lay under him, lost in the joy he was sharing with her, as she came
again, holding to him, sobbing mindlessly.  But as his fangs sank deep into her
throat, she was thrown even farther into the exquisite heat, screaming, begging,
and shuddering at the joy that was now hers.
	*Now Childe, drink, take from me.  Let me feel your hunger. *  It was his
turn to weep as he felt her greedy mouth on his neck, and her fangs that sought
what he offered.  Love, heat, passion, and it were all offered in his gift of
his blood to her.
	She had lost count of the number of times that he had taken her to that
final point of bliss, but as he drove her to it again, she could do nothing more
than lay there, helpless, spasming in the waves of joy that he had gifted her.
	*Again, Childe feed from me again.  Let me go to my death knowing the
feeling of your unquenchable hunger. *  He held her there, as he used almost
brutal force in his thrusts, losing himself again in the joy that this Childe
was offering him in her willingness to be his.  He could die now.  There was
nothing left that life could ever offer that would ever compare to this, to the
wonderful joy of knowing that it was his Childe, his precious, beautiful
Daughter that clung to him, begging his touch.  Yes, now he could die.
		*	*	*
	Marcus leaned over his sleeping Childe to kiss her cheek.  He had let her
drink from him for the last time.  He knew that.  He met his mother at the door. 
Hugging first her and then his sister.  "Take care of my Daughter.  Don't let
anyone hurt her while she is still lost to herself."
	"She is your Childe, you are mine, go to your rest, knowing that no one will
ever harm her, not as long as I still live."  Asha tried to sound supportive,
but this was killing her.  She had never lost a Childe like this before.  Oh,
yes, there had been other of her Children that had gone on, but never like this. 
Never with the fate of his own Childe hanging in the balance.
	"Go on sister, feed from me, just one last time.  I don't need my blood
anymore.  Better by far if I give it to you and my mother, than just let it burn
with me.
	Janis wept as her fangs sank deep into her brother's throat.  *Go to your
rest, knowing that if our mother is unable to see to your Childe, I will.  Jessy
was the last to be made before the Law was passed.  So to him I will take her. 
He should know only too well, what it is like to be a Childe, in a world where
there are no others. *  She looked down the hall as she drank, towards where she
knew his Child lay sleeping.  It has almost driven her mad listening to the
confused and frightened Childe, beg her brother to just kill her.  That he
didn't have to die, and Marcus trying to explain that it was too late.  He would
never kill her, and it wouldn't matter if he did now, anyway.  He had been
caught and judged guilty. 
	*Then to you, dear sister, I give you my Childe, my only Childe.  See her
grow strong.  I made a hideous mistake in making her as I did.  Please Janis,
see to her, don't let her follow me I don't want to die knowing that my Childe
will follow me.  Don't let her.  You are older than she is, by far.  Dominate
her if you must, but see that she lives. *
	She pulled away, kissing him, trying to smile.  "You are my baby brother,
when have I ever not seen to you and your needs?  I only wish you had come to me
sooner, before this.  There is a new trend in our kind.  We are taking and
keeping mortals to feed from.  There is even talk that now if this new trend
lasts, of lifting the ban of no more children.  If only you had come to me, this
might not be happening."
	"Janis, my love, I was an old man when Asha gave me her blood, made me her
Childe.  I have lived for near three hundred years, I am tired.  All the sweet
little mortals in the world would not have kept me from seeking my death.  But
you are right.  I should have come to you.  You would have seen to it that the
girl I had chosen as my Childe, would have been, not my Childe, but my
replacement, as my niece or sister."  He kissed her just one last time before
turning to the woman that had gifted him the night.  "Mother, come.  Anise is
beginning to look a bit peckish, even as old as he is, it is fastly becoming
dawn, you all need to seek your beds."
	"I will get no sleep this day, Marcus, my sweet Childe.  I will sit up, and,
will be, with you as long as I dare before the sun forced me to hide from its
rays.  Know this, of all the children I have ever given my blood to, you were my
last and you were and still are, greatly loved."  Again, in an act almost as old
as time itself, she sank her fangs into his neck, going to lessen the pain he
will feel when the sun took him, by draining from him as much as she could.
	Anise felt the restless stirrings of Kris's troubled mind.  "Best you hurry
Marcus, your Childe's sleep is not peaceful, and should not see you die,
especially with as lost as she is.  I have pledged that I will stand as her
protector, but not even I could keep her from being stupid, not in the shape she
is in now.
	Marcus turned to him.  "Thank you, Grandfather.  I know that I have not been
close to you for a long time, but I do thank you."
	Anise pulled the man to him, holding him tight.  "You are my Childe's
youngest Childe.  Could I do any less for one of my blood?  Now, go dawn is just
moments away, and you need to prepare yourself to meet it.  I will see to it
that the Childe does not wake, or if she does, no matter what she hears, I will
not let her see you.    I watched my own father, go to the flames, and I was not
as wounded as your little one is.  I would never wish that pain, not even if
they were my sworn enemy, on anyone.  Now," he turned Marcus's head to one side
so he could grant his GrandChilde at least a lessening of the pain he know he
would feel as the sun touched him.
*     *     *
	"You should seek your bed, Mother."  Marcus was a bit groggy from loss of
blood, but, in this case, that was a good thing.  He stripped the garments he
would need no more. 
	Asha shook her head, smiling at her youngest Childe.  "I told you once,
already, you are my son.  I will not leave you until I no longer have a choice. 
What you did was wrong, but she is a lovely Childe."
	Marcus looked up at the sky that was beginning to lighten.  "Yes, she is.  I
saw such promise in that one.  There is an envelope, in the desk drawer, see
that she gets it.  Within it is a portfolio of all I, no, she, now owns.  You
will see that I have been planning this for some time, and I have not left her
penniless."  He was fighting down the instinctive urge to flee the day.  If he
did so, it would only be to face a much worse fate.  He had to die.  To live,
with the sins he had on his soul, was to be entombed, and his Childe killed. 
'Well, no matter', He rationalized as he lay on the cold stones.  'I am not
ashamed of what I did, though the way I did it, was the only mistake I made'.
	But all thoughts ceased as the first delicate rays of the sun touched his
naked flesh, and all the control he prided himself on having fled him as he lay,
paralyzed, screaming in agony at the searing, knifing pain that took him.
		*	*	*
	Anise shook his head as he watched over the restless Childe.  "He should
have gone to the flames.  It be over much sooner."  He had watched, as the
flames consumed his father, so many years ago.  Death by fire, was not an easy
one for one of their race, but kinder, by far, than death by the sun.
	Janis just shook her head.  "Not for my brother.  He wasn't as mad as he
seemed there at the end.  He knew what he was doing was wrong.  But look at this
house, wood and drapes as the only thing that blocks out death for us.  He
wanted to die."
	Anise nodded, wincing at a particularly shrill scream.  "Die, yes, but like
this?"
	Asha bit back a sob.  "My son knew what he was doing was wrong.  Don't you
see that Father?  He committed a crime, and sentenced himself for it.  Yes the
flame would have been kinder, but better the sun than what I would have had to
do to him, had he not chose this path."

	It took almost four hours for the screaming to finally end.  Death by sun
was the worst way for any vampire to die. Anise was right, it would have been
much kinder, had he went into the flames.
		*	*	*
	Again Kris woke with the setting of the sun.  The gnawing in her gut pulled
her up from a sleep that was not in the least bit restful.  "Marcus?"  She
looked around, but Marcus was no where to be seen.  "Father?"  She moved from
the bed, looking for him.  As lost as she was, she didn't recall that he had
told her that he was to die.  "Master," she frantically looked for him.  Crying
as she could find no trace of him.
	"No, Childe." Janis pulled her into her arms.  "Your Father is gone."
	Kris looked at her, confused for just a moment, before the truth sank in. 
She pushed herself free.  Running from the room and down the hall to the back
door.  "Master," she threw it open only to be met with nothing but ashes. 
"Master," she fell to the ground beside where his remains, his ashes still lay. 
"Why didn't you let this one die?"  Even as wounded as she was, she understood
that her master would never return to her again.  "Why, Master, why didn't you
just let this one die."
	"Because it wouldn't have mattered Childe.  He would have been judged guilty
and would have paid a much higher price for his crime.  At least now, he is
dead."  Janis pulled her up into her arms.  "Kris, is that right Childe?"
	"So my Master told this one."  She just leaned against the elder vampire,
looking down at the remains of her father.  "Would you tell this one, did he die
quick?  This one remembers screaming, or thinks she does.  That was all a dream
wasn't it?"
	Janis hated to lie, to anyone, but most of all to this one, but she just
couldn't bring herself to tell this, poor lost orphaned Childe how long it had
taken Marcus to die.  "You must have been dreaming honey.  It was over in a
matter of moments.
	Kris looked at her, the lost look in her eyes was beginning to fade.  Which
surprised Janis, usually once will is taken from a mortal, it takes days, even
weeks sometimes, for them to find their way back.  "Are you sure?"
	"Kris, I am your Father's sister, would I lie to you?  He left you in my
keep.  I will never do anything to lead you wrong.  I owe him that much." 
'Even, if I have to lie too you to protect you'.  And finally the tears came. 
"He was my younger brother, the youngest of my mothers children.  I know that
you don't understand what that means yet, maybe you never will, but he was my
younger brother, I would do anything for him.  And all he asked of me was to see
you cared for."  She pulled up, forcing a calm on herself again.  Later, when
she was alone, then she would mourn, but for now.  "Come Childe, you have to be
starving, I haven't had a newborn to see to in."  She stopped thinking of how
long it had been since Jessy was this young.  "Oh, Gods, has it been that long." 
She wiped the tears from Kris's face.  "Well no matter, I have you now, so let's
go see what he has left for you."
*     *     *
	Of the three that came with Asha, only Anise remained.  The other two had
left while it was still dark the night before.  Upon hearing the decision and
promise that the ancient one had made to his GrandChilde, they deemed that they
would not be needed.  Neither wanted to stay and watch Marcus go to the sun. 
Had it not been for his bond that he would see to it that the Childe that was
still so lost would be safe, he would have left as well.  "So how is my Great
GrandChilde?"  He stood watching as Janis poured from the bottle into the same
mug that had been used the night before.
	"Thirty seconds, Master said thirty seconds, and no more."  She was fussing
as Janis opened the microwave door.
	Janis smiled softly at her.  "I know honey, just who do you think taught
your father that trick?"  Janis looked up to Anise, a small and weak smile on
her lips.  "Better it would seem.  I don't think it will take near as long for
her, now that she is like us, for her to find her way back to herself."
	"No, by the time she goes to her rest at light, or when she wakes at night
at the latest, she will have returned to herself.  She isn't mortal anymore
Janis.  Your brother didn't see to it that she would stay lost inside herself. 
Only taking her will from her to win her to himself."
		
	Again, the cold, thick and disgusting stuff filled her mouth as she drank,
and again, if she could have stopped she would have.  But cold, and as gross as
it was to her, The moment she began to drink, she couldn't stop.  She remembered
the hot, wonderful feeling of her masters' blood as he had held her to his
throat, letting her feed from him.  Never again, she would never again feel or
taste that wonderful blood.  Her master was dead.  Now she would have to contend
herself with this horrible stuff.  "He should have let this one die."  A,
whisper of confused pain as she handed Janis back the mug.
	"No."  Anise reached for her.  "Listen to me girl.  Wrong he was in his
taking of you, but even as mad as he was there at the end, he would never kill
you.  He chose you as his replacement.  Made you and saw to it that you were
protected until such time as you returned to yourself."  He looked deep into her
lost, hazel eyes, his dark eyes searching her face.  "Now, no more of that
nonsense."  He pulled her face to his throat.  "Go on Childe.  I have a couple
of mortals in my home, they will see to my needs."  He shuddered with painful
pleasure as he felt Kris's fangs sink home.  "That's the way Childe, 'that's the
way'."  He crooned stroking her hair as she fed.
	Asha watched from the door to the kitchen.  "Janis, best you take her and
see to it that you introduce her to Jessy.  I heard Marcus's last request to
you.  And he is right.  Of all of us, you are far better suited to see to her
and her needs than anyone.  Jessy is a testament to your love.  He up until now,
was the youngest of us.  And he will understand what she, as a newborn is going
through, far better than any of us."  She held out a packet of material to her. 
"He said he had been planning this for some time.  When he finally died, he
owned nothing, it is all in her name now.  She was his true Childe, she has
inherited everything he owned."
	"I will, Mother, just as soon as Anise finishes with her, I will.  And we
will wait until she finally returns to herself before trying to help her make
any decisions as to what to do next. "
	Anise felt the press of her body against his as he held her, oh, what a
sweet Childe this one would make.  He could well understand why Marcus had
chosen her.  She was made for this.  Her kisses were so free, she felt so good
in his arms.  He almost wished it were he that had found her.  He hadn't seen a
Childe this perfect, even in her wounded state, in centuries.  "Go on Kris, your
aunt needs to get you to safety, and if I stay here, it would been days before I
would let you free from my arms."  He stroked her cheek lightly as she looked up
at him.

End of CHAPTER 2




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 3
	It had taken another hour to finally get Kris to believe that she could
leave the place that had been the point of her rebirth.  Even though she knew,
her masters' ashes in the backyard proof enough, that her master was dead, that
he would never return for her.  She still didn't want to leave him.  She had
cried, begged and argued that she needed to stay that she couldn't leave now. 
This, was, her home, her master had said so.  This was her, home, and the place
where she belonged.
	But no amount of argument would ever be enough to stop Janis from taking the
girl from this place.  She knew that even though Kris still felt bound to this
place, it was the point of her making, if she didn't get her out of here, when
the girl finally made it back to herself, there would be hell to pay.
	Finally she had to resort to almost being harsh to get the girl into the
car.  She felt wretched as she pulled from the drive, listening to Kris who had
finally been belted in beside her, cry.  "Hush Childe, trust me, I will see you
cared for.  I go even now to place you into the care of my son.  I will leave
you with him, he will see to it that nothing ever hurts you again."  She patted
Kris on the arm.
*     *     *
	It wasn't an overly fancy looking place, the house that she pulled up to. 
But it was solid; the sun never filtered in to do the horrible things to any
that lived within it what it had done to her brother.  "We are home honey.  I
know you don't understand this right now, but you will.  This will be your home
now.  And if I have any say to it, your, home for many years to come."

	Janis smiled at the young, frightened Childe as she led her into the house. 
"This is where my son lives, he, before you, was the youngest of our race.  That
is why, more than any other reason, your, father placed you in my care.  He knew
I would see to it that you were raised right.  Jessy is all the proof he needed. 
You will come to love your older cousin.  And trust me honey, he will simply
adore you."  She squeezed Kris gently.  "Now, speaking of your older cousin, I
wonder where that scamp is?"
	"He was in the middle of losing himself in all the wonderful things that two
people could do with and to each other when Patty burst in to tell me that you
had come calling Mother."  An amused voice behind her.  "So, what can I do you
out of this time, Janis?"
	Janis chuckled as she looked over her youngest Childe, standing there at the
door, dressed in a loose pair of pajama bottoms and leaning on a delicious
looking boy.  "You can do me out of almost anything Jessy.  And well you know
it.  But this time, it is what I am going to entrust to you, that has me
calling."  She never got tired of looking at him.  He had been beautiful when
she made him, and was beautiful still.  With a mane of near black hair,
sparkling green eyes and a face that was so perfect, it could make women weep. 
	He just grinned at her.  "So, who is that pretty little thing with you,
Mother?  Another mortal for me, a May Day present perhaps, you do realize that
you are spoiling me rotten."  He moved from the mortal that he had been leaning
on to come closer.  But stopped, nostril's flaring as he got a good scent of
Kris.  "No, it isn't possible, who?"  This girl was a vampire.  A young, newly
made Fledgling Childe.  But that couldn't be.  There were no more new children,
he had been the last.  Nor would there ever be another as long as the ban held
for making them, unless, "who died Mother?"
	"Marcus, he took her night before last, made her his, and went to the sun
this morning."  Then to the little Childe at her side, "Kris, this is my son
Jessy.  Jessy this is your uncle's Childe Kris.  I gave him my word that I would
see to it that not only was she protected while she was still lost to herself,
but that I would see that she was seen to always.  So it is to you I bring her. 
You were the last Childe that was made, and before her, the youngest of the
blood.  You of all people should empathize with her most strongly."
	Jessy looked from his mother to the Childe at her side.  "Oh," he wasn't
sure what to say.  The fact that she was alive, still, had him struck at a loss
for words.  "Janis, I, she," he had no idea what to say.  This poor little
Childe, was his cousin.  True he had not seen Marcus in almost forty years, he
has still been his uncle.  "How long has she been like this?  I might not be the
wisest of us all, but I know the look of one that is lost, well enough.  Just
walked Danny though it last month."  Another of those he kept here.  For the
most part, the mortals in his house, they were here because they wanted to.  Or
at least in the beginning.  And once he had fed them from his own body, it no
longer mattered.  No matter if they wish to remain with him or not.  Once a
mortal drank from one of his race.  They were never the same.  None of those he
held, loved and cherished could ever make it on their own, ever again.  But
Danny, the boy had tried to break into his house, was going to steal from him. 
To him he had to dominate him completely, stole any trace of free will from him
to get him to remain.  Because little thief or not, he had wanted to keep Danny
the moment he had saw him.
	"Anise says she should be coming back from where they lose themselves when
their will is taken, if not by the rising of the sun at dawn, then by night. 
Don't, feel bad, Jessy, I had never seen one who wasn't mortal lost like she is
at this moment either, that wasn't permanently crippled.  And I have been around
for far longer than this ban has been in effect.  Just hold her, speak slowly
and see that none of those you keep here as toys and food, hurt her, until she
makes it back to herself."
	Jessy looked at his mother is shock, "hurt her?  Janis, Mother, she is far
more likely to hurt one of the kids I keep here than they are her."
	"You won't hurt any of my son's toys, will you Kris?"  She looked to the
girl that still huddled against her, looking around at all that was in the room,
eyes wide with fear.  "Oh, girl, do stop that.  Jessy is the last creature in
the world that you have anything to fear.  He has almost done himself bodily
harm going out of his way to keep those in his care from feeling any pain.  And
though he might not look like much, I assure you, he can and will take care of
you.  He is my Childe, and I am the fifth oldest of our kind in this state.  You
have met both Asha and Anise.  Have the sworn bond of the eldest in this area,
that you will be safe."  She leaned in to kiss the girl softly.  "I promise you,
I will never let any do you ill.  Not now, and not when you return to yourself,
not ever.  I would never let anyone hurt my brother's Childe.  You are my niece
and as such, of all the blood in this area, save Jessy, my most precious, and
protected."
	Kris looked at her, then to Jessy.  "This one, she is going to be living
here, with him?"
	Jessy just laughed, reaching to take her into his grasp.  Shushing at her
softly as she froze.  Not pulling away, but not at all willing to be taken from
where she stood.  "Relax little cousin.  My Mother would string me up and feed
me to the buzzards if she ever thought I hurt you in any way.  We're family, and
family don't hurt other members of it.  You just come on with me, and I'll see
to it that not only are you fed, but are introduced to the joys that this new
life has in store for you."
	Kris just shook her head, trying to pull away from him.  "This one isn't
hungry.  Not for the stuff that has to be heated only thirty seconds, it tastes
bad."
	Jessy just dropped his hands from her, laughing softly.  "No, little cousin,
I don't keep my food in the fridge."  Then he looked around to the mortal man
that he had been toying with before Janis had brought this one here.  "Pet,
baby, go see if you can talk Danny out of the bed for me.  I haven't fed from
him in almost a week.  He looks harmless enough, even this one, as lost as she
is right now, won't feel threatened by him."
	"Yes, Master."  The mortal turned to go see if he could talk the newest of
his masters bunch into crawling out of between which ever pair of legs he was
sure to be between.  "I think he is with Sally, or Tracy.  For someone who was
so shy with you, he has become the most hedonistic of us all.  Worse even than
you, Master."
	Kris looked up, master, that was a name she knew well.  "Master," she
reached for Jessy.  "You mean to do this, to give this one blood that isn't
cold?"
	Jessy shook his head violently.  "Not, master, cousin, my 'toys', as my
Mother calls them they call me that, but for you, who are related to me, you
call me Jessy, okay?"  Oh she was just too sweet.  He looked forward to the time
when she would be fully herself again.  He had no doubt with as darling as she
was now, with her shoulder length sable hair and bright hazel eyes, and a face
that was near perfect.  She would only become even more so when she got past
referring to herself in the third person, that all who were lost did.  "Trust
me, pretty girl, you will just love him.  He'll try to eat you alive even as you
feed from him.  Randy is right, of all of my darlings, he is the most ready to
give himself to anyone."
	Janis watched her Childe, as he patiently went to reassure this lost little
one that she had put in his keep.  "Well, if you have things under control, I
will leave you with her.  Don't worry Jess, I won't be far.  Until she finally
recovers and begins to find her way in this new life, I will be close, always
close."  Then she stopped.  "Oh, wait, I almost forgot.  I need to have you come
out the to the car with me, I have things I need to put in your hands to hold
for her until such time as she can understand all that she has now.  Marcus was
no fool.  He made sure that she is quite financially liquid.  She will never
have anything to want for money wise, now that he is gone.  She is far from
being without means.  Hell, after looking at all that he left her, she is better
off financially than you are."
	"That isn't saying much Mother, I live off of you.  This house and
everything in it comes from you.  I am the worlds oldest gigolo."  He winked at
her.  "After all, old habits die hard, and that is how I started this, the night
you decided that I looked good enough to eat, I was thinking pretty much you
looked good for a few free meals and place to live for a while.  How was I to
know that when you led me up the stairs to your bedroom, that when I can out, I
would discover that you were worth so very much more."  He looked to where
another of those that lived with him stood watching all of this with curious
eyes.  "Patty, do me a favor, Girl, could you please keep an eye on," he looked
to his mother again.  "Kris, right Mother?"
	The woman nodded.  "She might, at the moment, just barely answer to it, but
that is her name."
	"Okay, fine," he bent and kissed Janis, lightly, before turning his
attention back to the young woman that was waiting for him to finish giving her
his instructions.  "Come over here, Girl.  Keep an eye on Kris.  I'll be back in
just a few minutes.  So you don't have to worry, she isn't going to do anything
to hurt any of you.  She can barely think for herself right now.  Remember how
Danny was that first week or so that I had him here.  She is pretty much in the
same shape.  Just keep an eye on her, and tell my boys that I will be back soon
enough and then she can feed."  He pulled the girl that was listening to him
nodding, close.  "We'll take care of her tonight, show her how much fun this
life can be, won't we pretty girl?"  He loved the feelings he got when ever he
held any of those that were part of this place, and him.  But Patty, his Girl
second, only, to Randy, who had been his first toy.  True, when he had been as
mortal as those that were in his keep.  He had never really thought of selling
his time to the men that would troll for his kind, those that were willing to
share pleasure for a price, but since his birth, oh the things he had come to
fancy.  Up to and including the sweet feel of a young lover making love to him.
	"Well come on, scamp, I don't have all night, and if you want to see to her,
you need to hurry along, and get back so you can do just that."  Janis moved
towards the door.
	Jessy just laughed softly as he followed.  "Hurry, and here I thought, that
once I was given forever to do things, I would never have to hurry again."
		*	*	*
	Jessy looked over the papers that Janis had given him, the stock
certificates, and the bankbooks the deeds to not just the house that Kris has
just left, but eleven other properties, and two in Europe.  All of which were
rented for hefty sums of money.  "Fuck me."  He shook his head.  Had he still
been in the profession that had been his last before Janis had made him hers, he
would be seeing dollar signs and the promise that if he could keep this girl
interested in him, he would never have to ever worry about money again.  "These
are all hers?  Marcus really signed this all over to her?"
	"Well if her name, her full one at any rate is Amanda Kristin Shepherd, then
yes, it is all hers.  Like I told you, she is better off now than you, even me
for that matter, my bother always had the devils own luck when it came to
money."
	"But, the cash in the accounts alone is more than three hundred I don't know
million, trillion, it comes with more zero's behind it than I have ever seen
behind a number before in my life.  Forget the stocks and the properties.  She
is now a CPA's wet dream, hell, she is a whole firm of CPA's wet dreams."
	"Yes, and before you lose your head, this is all in trust to her, for the
next five years, she won't fully inherit it all until she has reached her fifth
birthday.  So you won't be able to sweet-talk her into giving you any of it
until then."
	Jessy looked up at her in shock, wounded pride stamped clear on his face. 
"Mother, what do you take me for?  Okay, so I started out my life with you as a
whore, and I might joke that I am the world's oldest of what I used to be, but
she is my cousin.  The First Childe that has been made since you made me, a
hundred and forty years ago.  I would never, how can you think that?"
	Janis only laughed at him.  "I don't Childe, if I did, I would have never
shown you this.  I was only teasing you.  Remember that you were the one that
came to me, positive that you had a sure thing.  That, I, would keep you in
trinkets and the like for years.
	Jessy just shook his head, chuckling.  "And you have, dear lady, and you
have.  Well, I'll put these things in a safe place for her, and once she returns
to herself from wherever her mind has taken to wandering.  I will let her see
this.  No, it will in no way lessen the pain of finally, and fully coming to
terms with the fact that she is alone, that he who made her is forever gone from
her.  But it might help her to know that he didn't leave her destitute."
	"No, I leave helping her to come to peace with the fact that she is orphaned
to you, and those little toys you keep.  Between the lot of you, I do think she
will come through this just fine.  Now run back in and see to her, I will leave
you for now.  Just remember, all you have to do is call, and I will be here." 
She held him for one more moment, kissing him.  Recalling all the times that he
had loved her, and seen to it that she never regretted staying alive.  Before
pulling away to slide into the seat if her car.  "Please, Jess, I gave my
brother my word that I would see her cared for, show me that I haven't made a
mistake in in-trusting her to you."  The door closed and the engine cranked as
she blew him one more kiss before pulling out of his driveway.
		*	*	*
	When he entered his house again, it was to complete silence.  Randy had
returned, dragging Danny along with him.  His three, other, mortal toy's, pets,
or cherished darlings, which ever he wanted to call them.  Stood back, watching
Patty as the young mortal tried to keep a close eye on this new one.  "Okay,
guys."  He smiled, trying to lighten the mood, which was very heavy at the
moment.  "This is Kris, she's going to be living with me from this point on, so
I suppose you all will have to learn to share me with her." 
	"Who is she, Master?"  An overly pretty, blonde girl asked watching her
closely.
	"Her name is Kris, Princess, and she was my uncle's Childe.  Janis put her
in my keeping."  He walked slowly to where Kris sat, looking at them all with a
mixture of confusion and hunger in her eyes.  "Kris, let me introduce you to the
mortal's I keep here for my nourishment and amusement."  He sat by her.  "I'll
tell you their name first, and what I named them second.  You have met Patty,
she's my Girl, she is the one that has been trying to make sure you didn't end
up hurting yourself while I was out.  And that boy over there, who, is,
watching, you so closely, that is Danny, my Little One, and newest of the
mortal's in my house.  The one that is hovering over him is Tracy, or Baby and
the blonde is Sally, Princess if you will.  You've seen Randy, Pet, all ready,
and last but not least is my Boy, there, Jake."  He listed the mortals in the
room, pointing each out to her.  "I know that I will probably have to introduce
them all to you a couple of more times, till you get the hang of this.  But they
are all here for me," then he smiled even softer at her.  "Well perhaps I should
say for us now that you are living with me."
	Kris looked from one to the other as Jessy listed off the names.  They were
all here for him.  "Jessy," she tried out his name, watching closely to see how
he reacted.  "This one is sorry, but she doesn't understand.  Why are you doing
this for her?"
	Jessy sighed.  Okay, so much for easy intro.'s, "do you remember how you got
here?"  She nodded.  "Well that is my mother.  Her name is Janis.  She brought
you here so that you would be taken care of.  Your father was her brother.  He
died this morning.  You remember that?"  She looked at him for a moment, mind
trying hard to recall all that he was saying.  But she did remember, waking this
evening, and her master, had been gone.  Tears glistened in her eyes as she
nodded.  "Ow, baby, you aren't as lost as I thought.  I'm sorry."  Now he was
more worried than ever.  Until she finally was able to work her way back
completely to herself.  She was in the most danger.  He silently cursed Marcus
for doing this to her.  It didn't matter how much the old vampire had wanted to
make a Childe before he died.  But he had no right to first take her will to
make her.  Then to die, leaving her like she was.  He sighed softly, oh well,
suppose I have to clean up the mess he made.  So be it.  "Okay, Kris, you still
following me?"  She just nodded.  "Okay honey, well when your father died, Janis
took you from there and brought you here to me.  I was the youngest of our race. 
So Janis knew I would be more than happy to take care of you.  You're my uncle's
Childe, baby, that makes us cousins."
	She looked at him for a moment.  "Cousins?"
	He nodded.  "Your father was my mother's brother.  Thus we are cousins."
	She just sat there, looking at him.  She knew that what he was telling her
was important, but she just couldn't seem to focus right now.  No matter how
hard she tried, everything just seemed to float away from her.  "Jessy," she
whispered, trying to reach out to him.  "This one, no," she shook her head
trying to clear the cobwebs. "I am very hungry."
	He sighed.  She was beginning to come back to herself.  Maybe by this time
tomorrow, he wouldn't have to worry as much about her.  "Well, I think we can
see to that.  Do you remember Danny?"  Again she just nodded.  "Well, I sent for
him back a little while ago.  Believe it or not, I still remember being as young
as you, are.  And one of the things I remember the most, is I was always hungry. 
So, you want to feed off of him, or shall, I, and then you take from me.  It
would probably be better that way.  As vampires go, your still fairly weak, but
I would really hate for you to accidentally hurt him."  He held out a hand to
Danny.  "Come here Little One.  I know that I will seem to be mean, I usually
take care of you after I feed, but I have Kris with me right now, and she is
just now beginning to work her way back, so she needs me much more than you
will."
	The boy in question was all of nineteen, but looked to be maybe fifteen,
sixteen, at the most.  And he would readily admit that in the last month, since
coming here, he was the happiest he could remember being in a very long time. 
"It's okay Master, I can always go and play with Randy or Sally."  He didn't
hesitate to go into his masters arms, didn't even protest as Jessy pushed his
head gently to one side, moaning softly as he felt his masters fangs sink into
his neck.  His fingers tangled into Jessy's hair as his body felt the heat and
lust that he always felt whenever his master fed from him.  Shuddering softly as
he felt Jessy's hands on him.
	"You taste so good baby."  Jessy licked at the bite marks until they closed. 
Still toying with the boy.  "Fuck it, why don't you come and join Kris and I, I
am sure that once she feeds, she won't have a problem with you keeping us
company."  He smiled at the girl who sat beside him, a burning hunger in her
eyes.  "Will you cousin?"
	"Can this one feed?  I'm real hungry Jessy?"  She didn't care who was there,
as long as she could ease the gnawing that was beginning in her belly.
	"Sure you can honey, dinner is one me.  Just hold on a minute more, I have a
strong feeling that the only place we are going to be needed in is a bed for
some time to come."  He eased Danny off his lap, reaching to pull Kris close. 
"Come on honey, it's, feeding time."
		*	*	*
	Jessy led Kris by the hand to his sleeping room, downstairs.  "Ssshh, it's,
okay cousin.  I'm not going to hurt you."  He tried to sooth her as she pulled
back at the sight of the bed.'
	"That was what he told me."  She was beginning to find her way back.  "Then
he, he messed with my head."  She still pulled at his arm that was holding hers. 
"He, he made me blow him."  It was all coming back in a rush.  "He made me beg
him to make me blow him."  She began to cry.  "He, he made me play with myself. 
Told me that I couldn't cum, then he made me. Then he fucked me in the ass, and
when I begged him to stop, he punished me again. All so he could beat me."  She
began to fight him as he stopped and pulled her close.  "I, I was a virgin, he
raped me, then he made me like this.  And all I wanted was for him to do it. 
Why, can you help me to understand why he did that?"
	Jessy finally got her sitting on the bed, but he didn't dare let her go. 
Because he knew, for certain, that she would be up and out of there the second
he did.  She wasn't quite as lost anymore, but she wasn't fully herself yet,
either.  And with ever minute, her mind returned more and more to her, but it
was very obvious that with it's return, she was even more in danger than she had
been while she was lost in herself.  "He kidnapped me, messed with my head so he
wouldn't have to hurt me, and then he did anyway.  And now, he's dead.  And you
are the one saying how safe I am.  If I am so damn safe, why don't you just
leave me alone?"  She was like ice as she sat against him, as he tried to begin
to rock her in his arms.  "He did this to me, and then he, he," the reality of
what had happened to her in the last two days was painful, and sharp as it
returned to her.  "He died.  He made me like this, and then he left."
	Jessy cursed his uncle again as he began to realize what the crazed man had
done to this one.  "I'm sorry, Kris, I wish I could explain all of this to you. 
But I can't.  He can't even be held responsible for his actions.  He was nuts
baby.  I've been told that age sometimes does that to us.  But he wasn't that
old.  My mother is almost two thousand years old, her mother six, and her father
seven.  Your father was only a little over three hundred.  Maybe it was because
when Asha made him her Childe, he was already so old, I don't know.  But you
have to listen to me.  Yes what he did to you was wrong.  But you can get past
all of that.  You are now the youngest of our kind anywhere.  Not just in the
states, but in the world."  He stroked her hair as she just sat there against
him and cried.
	"He punished me because I thought he was a freak of nature.  He made me beg
him to let me blow him, and that wasn't enough.  He made me lay of the bed, on
my stomach, he raped me that first time, while I lay on my stomach.  Wanted to
see just how 'tight' my ass really was. And when I begged him to stop, he beat
me, I thought he was going to kill me, it lasted so long."  She was trying hard
to ignore the burning in her gut.  "He beat me until I bled, and then he licked
my blood from me, and then."  Oh god, how could she have let him do that to her. 
"He, he had me roll over and he, I was a virgin.  And he, when he killed me he
raped me, again."
	"Kris, let it go for now.  You can pick up your hate for him later.  No the
way he did it was dead wrong.  He should have never touched you.  Should have
come to Janis and told her what he wanted out of you, then left it to her.  But
all I can say was he didn't trust anyone there at the end for a while, and he
had to make sure that he made his replacement."  Janis had never done any of
what this girl was telling him that Marcus had done to her.  He knew she would
never have.  "He is dead now, Kris, so he can't hurt you anymore, and I will
never do anything like that to you.  I swear, from this point on, you will want
anything that happens.  But let it go for now.  I've fed, so you don't have to
worry about hurting anyone.  You can't hurt me, come on up here, I know you have
to be starving, I can feel how hungry you are.  Just feed little cousin.  Dinner
is on me."  He knew that if he could just get her to feed from him, he could
link with her and then all would be all right, or at least for the night. 
Tomorrow night was a different story.  He had no idea when he accepted her care
from Janis that Marcus had done anything like this to her.
	She didn't want to, needed to say no, but her body, it just wouldn't pull
back as Jessy gently pulled her head to his neck, pressing her face into his
throat.  "Go on Kris, be strong, survive, if only to spite the bastard that did
this to you."  He sighed as he felt her fangs latch on to his throat, as she
began to feed.  He moaned softly, feeling the press of her body against his. 
"Yes, that's the way baby."  He pulled at the thin oversized T-shirt that Kris
had been given to wear, seeking to touch her flesh, as she sobbed against his
throat.
	Deep in her soul, she knew she should be fighting the hands that seemed to
move so slowly up under her shirt to caress her breasts, but she couldn't, all
she could do was hold on to him as his blood filled her mouth,
	Enough, Kris, time to pull away.  Jessy's mind touched hers, even as the
shirt in his hands ripped, exposing her flesh to his as he held her to him.
	Pulling away was so very hard for her; all she wanted to do was stay lost in
this warm, wonderful world that she had found.  But as she pulled back, trying
to regain some semblance of control, she felt him with her, his hands, and mouth
on her.  And God help her, she wanted this.  The memory of her last night with
the thing that had made her what she, now, was, and the sweet promise of
pleasure.  It was all she could remember as she leaned into his hands, mouth
open to his, tongue going to dance with his as she felt him push her back on the
bed.  She desperately wanted to say no, to say stop, but all she could do was
moan softly hips rising as Jessy began to finished undressing her, his hands,
his mouth, they were everywhere, and where they touched, there was such
wonderful feelings.  Her hands, they seemed to have developed a will of their
own as the returned his touches.  She knew what was happening, and not only
accepted it, as she felt his mouth move to her breasts, but wanted it.  Perhaps,
the first time she had lay under Marcus it had been rape.  But this time, no,
this time she was fully aware of herself, and she wanted this.
	Jessy knew he was taking unfair advantage of her feelings from her feeding,
but at this moment, it didn't matter.  She was so sweet, so unbelievably sweet. 
And as his fangs sank deep into the flesh of her breast, and he felt, more than
heard her shocked response, he know that here and now, as they were.  Both
locked in the heat that their race always felt when feeding.  He would not only
make love to her, but she would welcome him, and meet him in their lovemaking.
	There were no words, words would have broken the spell that he was weaving
over her with his hands, and mouth as they began to explore her body.  Words
would call her back to conscious awareness of what was going on, might even
shatter the moment.  And that would be almost as cruel as her making had been. 
She had been a virgin the first time that Marcus had taken her, and as lost as
she had been when he had, Kris was right, it had been rape.  But this time, here
like this, he would see to it that she was treated as carefully and gently as
she should have been to begin with.  He could only thank everything that he held
holy, that even as lost as Danny had been.  That he had gone out of his way to
gently bring to boy to him, and lost as he was, when he promised him that there
would be no pain, the boy had believed him and was willing to give himself to
him.  And he was powerful enough to see to it that no, it did not hurt, he had
made the Danny's deflowering a beautiful thing.  The boys continued wantonness
every time he touched him was proof of that.
	This time, when hands went to part her thighs, she was willing, almost to
the point of aggression as she held to him, hips lifting to ease his way into
her.  She cried out softly as she felt him move inside her.  Oh this was so
good, so unbelievably good.  Why couldn't it been him, if she had to be this
way, Why couldn't it have been Jessy that had taken her the first time?
	Danny had been forgotten in the midst of their lovemaking, but the boy
wouldn't let Jessy forget him for long as he reached out kissing his shoulder as
his hands began to add to what he was feeling already.  And as Jessy felt, soft
gently fingers part his cheeks, and begin their teasing thrust, he was lost.
		*	*	*
	Afterwards, Jessy held Kris as she cried.  "Ssshh, what's wrong baby?  I
didn't hurt you.  I know I didn't."
	Kris just lay there, crying.  "What am I now?  I, you, Jessy it was so good,
but I don't know you.  I don't know you and I let you."  Harsh wracking sobs and
she buried her face into his chest.  "You must think I'm some kind of slut."
	His chuckle was not the response Kris had expected from her painful
admission.  "Slut, honey, you're one of the blood now, a vampire.  Trust me, I
would have been much more worried about you if after sharing blood as we did,
had you still not wanted to have anything to do with me.  This is what I meant
when I told you that I was going to introduce you to the wonders of your new
life.  It only gets better from this point on.  And as soon as you get a better
grip on your hunger, then I can stop feeding you, and just throw you to the
kids.  Believe me Kris, what you felt with me you; will feel every time your
feed.  Don't' ask me why, Janis thinks that originally it was some kind of
self-defense.  It is very hard to fight someone when you are as lost as all the
mortals get when we fed from him or her.  Now it's just a very handy thing to be
able to do.  You should see them when I feed."  He laughed pulling Danny close
to join them.  "There are times, I am very glad that I am a vampire, if I
wasn't, I think my lot would end up eating me alive."  He lightly nipped at
Danny's nose, before lowering his mouth to cover his.  "Ain't that so, Little
One?"
	"Master," the boy just pressed himself even farther into his hands.
	Kris watched as Jessy toyed with the young man in his arms.  "Master?"
	Jessy pulled back from Danny, trying to focus on her.  "No, little cousin,
my bunch can get away with calling me that, but not you.  Please, I know what
was done to you was wrong, there is no way I can ever undo what that lunatic
did, but please, just call me Jessy."
	Kris shook her head.  "No, I wasn't calling you that, just asking why they
did."
	He grinned, rubbing the side of his nose, looking down sheepishly.  "That
was Janis's doing.  When she brought Randy to me, to shut m e up because I had
been obsessing about what it would feel like to have a man.  So she found him on
the street, offered to let him come and live for, we don't know how long the
mortals in our keep will live, but it is obviously longer and better than they
would usually.  Well anyway, she offered him a chance, if only he would give
himself to all that I asked.  Poor Randy, he'd been all of eighteen back then. 
Living out on the street, because back then, you just weren't gay and open about
it.  His folks found out what he was and, then, threw him out.  So Janis brought
him to me, and he's been living here ever since.  It's been oh, what, nineteen,
almost twenty years now.  Keeping humans with us, is a real new 'fad', as my
mother likes to call it.  Well anyway, when she brought him to me, she was the
one that had him calling me master, and it's just kinda stuck.  Being the one
that was here first, he has either fussed, brow beat or in Jake's case, out
right threatened that if he didn't do the same thing, he was going to do
physical damage to him.  So that is how I got stuck being master to all of my
kids.  Danny here, was the only one that I ever took his will from.  So when Pet
and Boy kept telling him who I was, I guess it just took on a very ultra
personal level with him.  And with each time I let them have a share my blood,
it just makes them that much more connected."
	Maybe it was because, she wasn't fully back up to speed yet, or maybe it was
because, now, she was just like him and a vampire.  But whatever the reason, it
just seemed to make perfect sense.  "Oh, okay.  So, they aren't going to run
around calling me 'master' too are they?"
	This time it wasn't, just, Jessy who laughed at her, but Danny as well. 
"Mistress, you're not a man, how in the world would you think we would call you
Master?"
	Kris visibly flinched at the name.  "Jessy?"
	He raised an eyebrow at her.  "Kris?"
	She blushed a little.  "Stop that."  She fussed.  "No seriously, they aren't
going to keep calling me that, are they?"
	"Yeah, and you might as well get used to it.  The, lot of them are more
afraid of Pet, here, and what he will do to them if they don't.  Me, they don't
even think about.  They all know that I am not gonna hurt them, hell I don't
even punish them, Randy does that if one of them gets too far out of line.  And
he is far more afraid of Janis than he has ever been of me.  I guess he's got to
the kids already, you're gonna be the mistress of this house, and there is
nothing you can do about it.  Trust me, I have been trying for years to get them
to call me by my name, but you see how much effect my efforts have had.
	She just groaned.  Things just kept getting weirder and weirder.  And it all
started with that strange man, her 'father' deciding before he was to die, he
just had to make her like him.  And it had snowballed down hill ever since.
	Jessy laughed at her again.  "It's okay cousin.  You'll get the hang of
things soon enough.  Just you wait, before too many more weeks, you'll be
answering to it without even thinking.  I didn't think I would ever get the a
grip on hearing the word 'master' either, but now, I'm used to them calling me
that, hell, I even sorta expect it out of them now."
	"Great, oh all right, what the hey.  I just don't understand why they are
all so afraid of Randy, I mean, he's no bigger than Alex, and he looks like he
could be knocked down in a stiff breeze.  Jake, yeah, he's the big one, but
Randy?"
	Jessy nodded.  "That's right, you don't know snot about the advantages of
being mortal and belonging to one of us, do you?"  She shook her head.  "Okay,
sweety, I know that you aren't fully yourself yet, but with as on top of
everything as you are right now, you should understand this."  He pulled Danny
close again, planting light kisses along the back of his neck.  "Like I told you
already, keeping mortals as toys, pets, whatever, is still a pretty new idea. 
Janis and Anise keep calling it the newest fad for our kind.  So we don't fully
know what the long-term effect that our blood will have on them.  But the
short-term is, first they live, longer, and healthier lives with our blood in
their veins than without it.  They lose most of their body hair, that isn't on
their heads, eyebrows, or lashes.  Randy has been with me for damn neat the last
twenty years, he has been taking my blood pretty heavily for that whole time. 
I'm pretty sure, he's as close as any mortal can get to, being a vampire without
dying and growing fangs.  He was my first, and has a good twelve years on Jake. 
I know you don't know this yet, but as a vampire, you are stronger than any
mortal that ever lived.  Doesn't matter how big they are, or how nasty they can
get.  You could mop the floor with the World Heavy Weight Champion of the World,
and do it without even trying.  So Jake knows that as little as Randy may look,
he has been with me long enough that my blood has altered him, and made him damn
dangerous.  Baby, forget you being able to take on the Champion of the World,
Randy could now that he is as much mine as he is.  Sometimes, I let him go out
and pick fights with those who think that just because he's little, and he
doesn't look butch at all, they can wreck his day.  That is how I got Jake to
begin with.  He was like Danny and an accident.  But after Randy came running
home to me, freaked because he thought he had just killed this guy that had been
pushing him around.  I had to go and yeah, Jake would have been worm food by
now, but I stopped him from dying.  I had to, like I said I know three or four
times already.  I don't hurt those in my house, and they all know it.  And if I
had let Jake just die, I don't know if my Pet would have ever gotten over it. 
So I saved him.  He's been with me ever since.  And trust me, he doesn't make
any ugly comments about gender biased boys anymore.  I think after I saved him. 
Randy took almost sadistic delight in fucking him every night for the nest few
years.  Poor Jake, I ended up taking Sally just to make him feel a little more
like a man.  My Girl was still way too connected to me at the time.  Then Tracy,
well I felt sorry for her, she was sick, I mean real sick as in dying sick. 
Sally and Jake talked me into roping her on in with them, so I did, and well
Danny was my last, I didn't want any others, though now that you are living
here, I just might have to see about finding one or two more."
	It was all just too much to take in, all at one time.  She didn't want to
think anymore.  "Jessy, do me a favor."  She pulled close, capturing Danny
between them.  "Stop talking for now, and make love to me.  No blood, no loss of
will, nothing, just make love to me."




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 4
	Bobby just closed his eyes at the repeat of the same questions.  Kris had
been missing for days.  And there was no report of her anywhere.  The police
had, of course, did the usual show of putting out an APB on anyone that fit her
description, but so far nothing.
	Her parents had died some years back, and as far as Bobby knew, she had no
other relatives, so it was up to her friends to push for her to be found.
	The police weren't in that much of a hurry to try and find her.  If it
wasn't for the fact that her car was still in the parking lot of his diner, and
in the shape that it was in.  They would have probably not even bothered to make
the token gesture of an effort that they were making now.
	"Look," he slammed his hands down on the desk as he faced the officer
assigned to her case.  "I've told you everything I know.  She left work three
nights ago, and I haven't heard anything from her since.  You all know what kind
of shape her, car, was found in. Why won't you get up off your ass, and do
something about finding her.  At the rate you moron's are going, she could be
dead and dumped in a ditch somewhere, and no one would know it until some kid or
dog stumbled across her body."  He had never felt so helpless in his life.
	"Mr. Duncan."  The tired looking detective, who sat across the desk, looked
at him.  "I understand that you are very worried about your friend, but calling
people names and growling at me isn't going to do Ms Shepherd any good.  Now
would you please go over everything that happened the last time you saw her."
	"Bobby, please."  A light hand on his shoulder as Alex tried to calm him. 
"Just tell the man what he wants to know.  Yelling at him isn't going to help
Kris."
	Bobby smiled weakly at his lover, reaching out to squeeze the hand that was
resting on his shoulder.  "I know, I'm sorry officer, it's just I'm worried
about her.  I'm the one that found her car in that shape when I locked up to go
home that night.  I'm the one that let her go out alone that night, after I ran
that strange old man off.  You know the one that gave her that huge tip.  I
tried to get her to wait for my husband to get there before going out.  But she
wouldn't wait, and now."  He wanted to cry.  He had know Kris since before her
parents had been killed, she had worked for him since she was sixteen.  And he
felt responsible for her, and her well being.  If something had happened to her,
he wasn't sure he would ever forgive himself for not insisting that she either
wait for Alex to get there, or had taken the time to walk her to her car
himself.
	The detective just nodded.  "And do you know where we can locate this man,
the one that gave her the tip?"
	"No," he growled again.  "Don't you think if I did, I would have gone to
where he was and made him tell me what he had done with her, by now.  I don't
know that man, all I do know is that for the last five months he'd been coming
in and would always see to it that no matter where Kris was stationed, he would
sit where she was working.  I just thought he was you know, smitten with her,
and maybe wanted to spend a little time with her.  I didn't know that he would
ever," he buried his face in his hands.  "And don't tell me you don't have any
proof that he did anything to her.  I don't need proof.  You never saw the way
that fella looked at her, every time he came in, I did."  He looked back up at
the officer.  "I knew she was afraid of him, and I let her leave after he
stormed out.  I might as well have given her to him.  You find that son of a
bitch, and you'll find Kris."
	"Rest assured Mr. Duncan, we are looking for him, and when we find him, he
will be answering more questions than we have asked you so far.  Your other
waitresses have pretty much told us the same thing that you have, she was afraid
of him.  He bothered her and that she was happy when you stepped in to help her. 
Blaming yourself for what happened isn't going to get her back.  But maybe
working with us, helping, will."
		*	*	*
	Again, the hunger woke her.  She was beginning to believe that she would
never ever be anything but hungry.  And as she turned, reaching for Danny, who
was in the bed between her and Jessy, thinking of nothing but stopping the
burning hunger that ate at her gut.
	"Mistress?"  Danny moaned softly as Kris sank her fangs into his throat.  He
was so used to the feel of having Jessy feed from him, that he didn't know the
danger he was in, as he wrapped his arms around her and just held her as she
fed.
	Jessy stirred, there was something wrong, one of those that he loved, and
held dear, they were in trouble.  But as he opened his eyes, and saw what was
happening beside him, if he still had a pulse, it would have stopped at the
sight.  He cried out, reaching out to pull Kris from the boy's throat.  "No,
Kris, here, not my boy, here, from me."  He knew that now, lost as she was in
the heat of her feeding, that if he didn't break her hold, Danny would die.  And
he didn't want that to happen, he never wanted any of those in his keep to be
hurt, but most especially not Danny, for if Danny died, then Kris would be lost,
there would be no way to ever make her accept that what had happened was an
accident.  That she wasn't responsible for what she did.  *Let him go girl, now.
*  Fear gave him added strength, a strength that he would never normally use on
anyone, but now, with the lives of two, one mortal, and one so newly made,
hanging in the balance, he threw all caution to the wind, and used force to
separate the two.
	Kris cried out, trying to hold to the throat that she was latched to, but
Jessy just pushed the boy from her, waking him fully in confusion.
	"Master?"  Danny lay on the floor by the bed.  He didn't understand, why had
his master stopped his mistress from taking what was hers by right, he had been
willing to let her feed, why didn't his master want her to feed from him?
	"Kris," Jessy fought with her, struggling against the blood lust that had
taken her.  "No, here, take me.  Like you are, you will kill him, take me."  He
pulled her head to his neck, sighing as he felt her stop fighting him.  Felt her
hunger as she resumed feeding, but on him this time.  "Yes, baby, that's the
way, just feed, you can't hurt me, feed."  He looked down, just long enough to
hiss at Danny, "run boy, go hide with the others.  Your mistress, she is just a
baby, she didn't mean to hurt you, but you don't need to be anywhere near her
until I see that she is taken care of."
	Danny just looked first to him, and then to Kris who was so lost in the
blood that she was taking from his master, before nodding and moving to leave
them in peace.  He wasn't really frightened.  He had knows that his master would
never let anyone hurt him, not even his young mistress.  But it was reassuring
to know that the faith that he had always had in his master was not only
justified but also earned.  Jessy had woke, had known the danger, even though he
hadn't.  And now he was seeing to Kris, going to take care of everything like he
had always promised he would.
		*	*	*
	Kris, half sobbed, half moaned as her hunger released her.  She didn't know
how she had gotten over Danny who she remembered curling up between her and
Jessy, to cool the pain in her gut with her older cousin.  But as the red haze
left her, and she lay back, contented, and very much in need of a man, she
wished that she hadn't let go of Jessy's throat, "Hmmm, hi."  She smiled up at
him as he leaned over her, bright green eyes watching her face.  "Sorry about
that, when does this stop being the way I wake up every night?"
	She had no idea how close she had come to hurting, maybe even killing his
boy.  "A about six more months, so tell you what, until you can finally wake up
before you decide to have your breakfast, I think I'll sleep in the middle.  You
damn near scared fifty years off of me girl."
	Kris looked at him confused.  "Why?"  She looked around the room, "hey
where's Danny?  Did he skip out while we were asleep or something?"
	Jessy just smiled down at her, bending to kiss her lightly.  "Nope, he was
here, that is why you almost scared half a century off me.  You have no idea how
scary looking over at first waking, to see another in the middle of draining one
of yours, is.  I got you from him, switched you to me and sent him running." 
Again his light, teasing kiss. 
	Kris pushed him off her, sitting up.  "I did what?"  She looked down at him,
a horrified expression on her face.  "Oh, God, did I hurt him?  I'm sorry
Jessy."  She almost, 'no' she couldn't believe it.
	"Girl, calm down.  I made a mistake, I forgot just how much hunger affects
us when we are as young as you are.  There hasn't been anyone as young as you
are right now, since I was, and that was well over a hundred years ago."  He
pulled her back to him, kissing her again.  "Good evening, baby," he nipped at
her throat playfully.  "Now that you're back to yourself, full, and doing well,
and I'm awake, shall we greet the night, the way it should be greeted?"
	Kris just shook her head, amazed.  She had just almost killed one of the
mortals Jessy kept here, and all he wanted to do was screw.  "You do know,
you're some piece of work, don't you?"
	Jessy just laughed down at her.  "I have no idea what you mean by that.  How
else am I supposed to behave, you just fed from me.  I'm just a man, after all."
	"I almost killed Danny.  Or have you forgot that?"  She turned her head to
avoid his kiss.  "I can't believe you are taking the fact I, me, I almost killed
him, and you're acting like nothing happened."
	He shook his head, capturing her face between his hands.  "No Kris, you
could have if I didn't stop you, but you didn't almost kill him, not even close. 
He wasn't even frightened when I told him to get.  I promise you, as soon as you
get to a point that you have some sort of control over your hunger, he's
probably going to be the first one to throw himself at you.  You've bitten him
once already, and didn't take that bite to its proper end.  He's not going to
let you forget that, trust me.  Now, let it go girl.  I have something much
better to do than worry about what might have been."  He lowered his mouth to
her throat, even as he pulled hers to his again, and sank his fangs deep into
her flesh.  *It's okay, Danny, it's okay.  Feed from me, as I do you. *
	Maybe it was because she was so young, or maybe it was because the mad thing
that made her what she was, didn't stick around long enough to show her
anything, but the fact that Jessy could speak to her, mind to mind, was a neat
thing.  One that she wished she could do.  But no matter how much she wanted to
ask him how he did it, she was too lost in the wonderful feelings he was drawing
up in her as he not only fed her his blood, but took from her, hers as well.
	This time their coming together was brutal as they merged together, both
lost in the heat of the moment, the passion and lust that took them both to
where no mortal had ever gone.  Jessy sobbing against her throat as he thrust
into her again and again, no longer thinking of anything but feeling her hot,
sweet, tight warmth around him.  And she, crying, in both joy and almost, in
pain, as she welcomed him.

	She lay against him afterward, crying softly.  Her response, it frightened
her.  Jessy had been almost as brutal with her as Marcus had been, and yet she
welcomed it.  The depth of her desire, it scared her.  What kind of thing was
she turning into, she almost killed someone tonight, and she didn't care what he
said, had he not stopped her, she would have killed Danny.  And then, God, what
kind of sick thing was she becoming?
	"Ssshh, Kris, what's wrong baby?  Did I hurt you?  Oh baby, I'm sorry, I
didn't mean to hurt you.  I keep forgetting how new to all of this you are."  He
planted light kisses all over her face, her cheeks, her nose, her forehead, and
lastly, her lips as he held her.  "Hush, don't cry honey, talk to me, tell me,
what is wrong.  I'm sorry, I really am."
	"Wrong?" She whispered, holding on to him.  "You want to know what is wrong. 
Me, I'm what is wrong.  I almost killed Danny, would have if you hadn't stopped
me, then you, I, what kind of depraved thing am I turning into?"
	Jessy just chuckled kissing the top of her head again.  "Depraved, honey if
you're depraved, I must be in real sad shape, because, I didn't think a thing
about your little almost accident with Danny, he won't think anything of it
either, that is the risk they run, living with me, being mine.  As for what we
just shared.  If you think your depraved over that, if you enjoyed it even half
as much as I did, like I said, I must be in real sad shape, because sweety, I
didn't just enjoy it, I want to feel that, again and again.  You have no idea
what you make me feel."  He ground his hips against hers, reminding her that he
was still very much with her.  "Like now, if I haven't frightened you too much,
I want to lose myself in you again."
	She moaned, it was so tempting, but she just pushed against his chest. 
Trying to pull away from him, she needed just a little time to think.  "Please,
Jessy, give me a few minutes, okay."
	Jessy pulled away, but not far enough to let her get far.  "Okay, Kris, take
your time, we have all of eternity to work this thing out.  Just take your time. 
I'm a patient man, no matter what Janis might say."
		*	*	*
	Again, Jessy was met with silence as he led Kris into the living area of his
house.  Six pair of eyes watched as he moved to sit, pulling Kris along with
him.  Six pair of eyes had the same questions burning in them.  'What was she
going to do next, which of them would be the next to run the risk of being
killed by her while she struggled to learn to control herself.'  Jessy had been
right, Kris's feeding from him hadn't frightened Danny.  But that all changed
when he hurried, as his master had ordered, to hide with the rest.  The others
upon hearing what had almost happened, fussed over him, telling him how close to
real death he had just came.  This frightened him, and frightened him very
badly.
	"They're afraid of me."  Kris just moaned at the smell of fear in the room,
fear that was directed souly at her.
	Jessy patted her leg before looking up into the six pair of frighten eyes. 
"Stop it, all of you.  Yes, she earlier fed off of Danny,, but he was never in
any real danger.  You all should know by now, I will I 'never' let any of you be
hurt, and getting killed sure as hell falls under the heading of hurt."  He
fussed at all six.  "I was the one that made the mistake this time, not your new
mistress.  I forgot how hungry she would be when she finally rose tonight, and
well, I didn't put myself beside her when I went to sleep this morning.  It was
all a mistake, a mistake that will never happen again.  She, is, harmless guys,
she is no more likely to hurt any of you than I am.  It was just one little
mistake, a mistake that will I 'never' happen I 'again', so quit looking at her
like she is about to go mad and tear into you all."  Then he held out a hand to
Danny.  "Come here Little One.  I know that this had to be just a bit shocking
for you.  But it's over."
	"I kept trying to tell them that you wouldn't let anyone hurt me, but she
is, well Randy kept telling me that with as young as our mistress is, that any
of us could end up being killed by her, and she not mean to do it."  Again, he
went, willingly and freely into his masters' arms.
	Jessy looked up with the heat of anger in his eyes.  "Randy, when have I
ever let anyone of you get hurt, much less killed?"  The younger man just looked
down, muttering an apology.  "I don't even 'punish' you guys, but let me hear
one more false accusations like the ones you have made so far, and I will, or
worse, I'll let my mother do it.  You've been through her idea of punishment,
just once.  Would you like a repeat of that?  As is, I'm tempted to tell her
what stupid shit you have been babbling to frighten the others, anyway."
	He looked down at the light touch on his arm.  "Jessy, please, don't.  I
scare them, they don't know what to expect from me yet, I did a stupid thing, I
don't care if it was an accident or not, it was still stupid.  So yeah, they're
going to be a little skittish around me for a while.  But don't hurt any of them
because of me.  Don't get Janis involved, please."
	He just nodded smiling.  "Okay, cousin, it's your call.  You don't want me
to tell my mother, I'm all for that.  I don't like thinking that any of mine
will be hurt like Janis can hurt them when she punishes them.  Particularly
'not', Randy."
	"Then don't.  I don't want to see any of them hurt either.  Not by you, me,
or anyone, I might not have a grip on what is going on right now, but I do know
that I don't want to hurt, or kill anyone.  I don't care if I am a vampire now. 
I still don't want to see anyone hurt."
	Jessy smiled at her.  *Just because you are a vampire, sweety, don't mean
that you automatically want to hurt anyone.  I've been one for what sometimes
feels like forever, and I haven't hurt anyone, in a very long time.  That was
one of the things that they put into the law, no killing, no hurting, nothing. 
It's only been in the last twenty-five years or so that we have even begun to
keep mortals as our food.  Before that, it was all bottled blood from a
slaughterhouse that is run by some of us. *
	This time, she just couldn't resist, she had to know how he talked to her,
mind to mind as he did.  "Okay, that's great.  Now would you please tell me just
how you do that?"
	"Do what?"  Mental laughter sprinkled over her.  *Do this?  It's really very
simple.  Just concentrate on thinking to me.  That is all I am doing to you,
just thinking. *
	She shook her heard, 'nah'; it just couldn't be that easy.  *Like this? * 
It was a test, but what the heck; he said think at him, so she did.
	Jessy laughed at her, "yes, honey, just like that.  What you thought it was
some big secret power that only old and decrepit vampires have?"
	She shook her head, "I didn't know.  That is cool as hell, and can I just
think 'at' anyone, and they hear me, or just other vampire's?"
	Jessy looked up to where Randy still stood, watching them both silently. 
*Pet, she just saved your ass from getting torn out of the frame.  Why don't you
come over here and offer your mistress your throat.  I am here, you should know
by now, I won't let her hurt any of you. *  He gently pushed Danny off his lap
as Randy, trembling just a little, came and knelt at Kris's feet.
	"Mistress," he whispered.  "Are you hungry?  I was wrong when I said you
would hurt us, take my blood if you are.  I'm sorry."
	Kris looked first at him and then to Jessy.  "What do I do now.  Yes I'm
hungry, I think I will stay hungry forever, but he's one of yours."
	*No, baby, when Janis brought you here, to get back on your feet, to live
with me.  They all became just as much yours as they are mine.  Go on.  I am
here, so you don't have to worry about hurting anyone. *  He lifted her chin up
to kiss her.  Besides, it gives me as good an excuse as I can come up with to
nail you again. *
	*Is sex all you think about? * She moaned softly pressing into his kiss.
	Again the light laughter washed over her.  *Damn near, I'm a vampire honey.
*  One last soul stealing kiss before he pulled away.  "Go on sugar, I can feel
your hunger, and if I can feel it, it's got to be bad.  Remember, at this point
in your new life, don't worry about being hungry all the time, it comes with the
territory."  He nodded at Randy, who was still kneeling before her.  "Go on
Kris, you don't have anything to worry about.  I'm here, I will always be here
for you."
	Kris looked down at Randy, who was looking up at her with a combination of
both fear and incredible need.  "Okay, Randy, right?"  He nodded, looking first
to her and then to Jessy.  "It's okay, I'm not going to hurt you, I didn't mean
to scare you like I did.  But Jessy is right, I am starved."  She held out a
hand to him.  "It really is okay, I promise, it really is okay."
	Jessy watched on, as Kris pulled Randy up, to sit beside her, before
crawling into his lap.  He smiled a little amused.  It must be a big switch for
his boy, to be the one who is pinned to the couch for a change.  But as he
watched Randy, reach up and direct her head to his throat, listened to her moan
as she sank her fangs home.  He realized, she wasn't the only one that was
hungry.  Well no matter, they had five others to play and feed from still
tonight.  That was another plus of having mortals bound by blood to them, it
used to take days for the mortals body to replace what his people would take
from them, now it was all done in a matter of hours.  He would safeguard his
boy's safety, and then he would get a bite to eat from on of the others.  Oh
this was going to work out so well.  All he had to do was just be patient.  Bide
his time, and let his little cousin come to terms with all that had happened to
her.  Fortunately like he told her earlier, he was a patient man.
	*Okay, Kris, pull away. *  She hadn't fed from Randy as much as he usually
did, but he wanted to be extra careful with his, their, kids for a while.  If
she was still hungry, and at her age, she would be.  He could always suggest
another for her to feed from, or he could feed from two, and then let her finish
her hunger with him.
	She sighed, pulling away.  "Thanks, kid, I needed that."  She smiled at the
young man whose lap she was in.  "I didn't hurt you did I?"  She looked over
him, a bit of concerned worry in her tone.
	Randy didn't answer her in words, but with actions as he pulled her head
back to him, but this time it wasn't his throat that he guided her mouth to, but
his mouth, sighing as he gave himself to her kiss.  No he wasn't quite as bad as
Danny was, but then again, who was?  But he did know how to properly thank her
for what she had just given him, the glory, the delightful warmth that he always
felt as Jessy fed from him.
	The fact that she was in another absolute stranger's arms didn't much matter
to her at that exact moment.  All she wanted to do was cool a different kind of
hunger.  The hunger for physical contact, Jessy had joked, when she had asked
him if sex was the only thing he ever thought about, that of course, he was a
vampire.  And she was beginning to believe he just might be right.
		*	*	*
	Janis stood quietly outside of the place that her brother had taken his
Childe.  Watching, listening, patiently.  Kris was so young, there was not going
to be any way that Jessy could possibly keep up with her continuous hunger at
this age, and hope to tend to his as well, no matter how much his blood had
altered the six he had.  So she would see to it that she brought two, maybe
three to him, to add to his herd of toys. 
	She had come here, knowing that this was the place that her niece was most
at peace with.  That from this place, she could gather a few that the girl would
be the most likely to be at peace with.  Would have a connection to.
		*	*	*
	"Look, Alex, go on to work.  I promise you, the first time I get so much as
a word about Kris, I'll let you know."  Bobby fussed over his lover.  "That goes
for you too, Mitch, go home, stay by the phone.  Detective Warrens told me that
the first break they get, he would call here first, and then if he didn't get an
answer, at the house."
	Mitch, who hadn't been there the night that Kris disappeared, and if
anything had happened to her, would never forgive himself.  She was his girl,
his fiancee.  They had planned on getting married just as soon as he was
finished with his schooling.  He was going to be a lawyer, only had another year
until he was ready to take the bar exam.  But if something had happened, if he
never saw her again, he wasn't sure if he could go on.
	They had both made a solemn pact the night he popped the question that they
would wait for their wedding night to give into the feelings that they both were
having for each other.  They had laughed after making the pledge to each other,
that in this day and age, where the running joke was a virgin was an ugly third
grader, that it had to be fate that brought them both together, how else could
it be explained?  So they promised they would wait.  Now, with her missing, his
fears eating at his gut, he wished, so much, that they had just given themselves
to the feelings that they had both been feeling for each other.  "I can't go
home Bob, everywhere I look, I see her."  He felt so helpless, and he hated that
feeling.  "I'll go by and see about printing off some more of those missing
persons fliers.  I know that the police, said they were doing all that anyone
could do to find her, but, I'm going to be a lawyer, I know all too well, just
how little that kind of help is going to do for Krissy.  So I'm going to go and
get more fliers made up."
	"Good, you did put a reward for any info leading to her recovery, didn't
you?"  Bobby was so worried, so upset, that he didn't even pay attention to the
fact that he had just been called Bob. 
	"Yeah, twenty-five hundred dollars, it was going to be the money that we
used for our honeymoon, but if it just helps to get her back, I don't care if we
spend our wedding night at some roach motel.  Just so she comes home.
	"You change that reward, boy, I'll mortgage this place if I have to.  Put a
ten thousand-dollar reward promise on it.  I feel like it is all, my, fault
anyway.  If I had just taken the time to walk her to her car, she might still be
here."  He had spent last night, in bed, with Alex, crying.  Deep in his soul,
he knew that there would never be anyone who would ever collect that reward. 
That Kris was dead, but he just couldn't bring himself to tell Mitch his fears. 
The kid was so young, and loved her so much.  For a little straight boy, he was
a pretty good egg.  He had told Alex time and time again, that Kris could have
done a whole hell of a lot worse that him, even if he was going to, one day, be
a lawyer.
		*	*	*
	Janis had listened to every word that had been spoken.  'Yes', these two
would do very well, true that one was obviously gay, but after a feeding or two,
that would no longer be an issue.  And the other, her lover, oh with her
bringing him to her, she could begin to undo some of the wretched damage that
her brother had done the girl.  There would be no need for fear, this time, no
struggles, no terror.  Though she did not make a habit of taking the will from
mortals had never taken it from any of the three that she had collected for her
son, this was different.  And take their will, she would.  She would do anything
short of killing to help her brothers Childe, her niece.  She watched as the two
men walked towards her.  "Excuse me," she stepped out of the darkness.  "I might
have some information you need."
	They both stopped.  "Kris, you think you know something about her?"  Mitch
didn't waste words.
	"Yes, that is the girls name.  I think I might know where she is."  Just a
few more steps, just a few more feet and she could take them both.  She, felt, a
bit bad for the pain she knew that the man in the establishment would feel, with
the loss of his lover.  But, he was only a mortal.  Mortals lived for such a
brief time.  Their loves and passions were like a summer day, hot, yet fleeting.
	"I'll go get Bobby, he'll want to hear what you have to say."  Alex began to
turn.  This woman said she knew where Kris was, or at least thought she did.  If
she was right, then Kris might still be alive.  But the hand on his arm stopped
him.  "No, it's okay, my friend, he is hers as well."  That was all he had time
to say as her deep brown eyes, seemed to swallow him whole.
	"Hush, you are in not danger, I am not my brother."  She kept both their
stares locked to her.  "I am sorry for what I am doing to you, but it's okay,
soon enough you will find your way back to yourself."  She spared Mitch on quick
glance.  "In my brothers defense, he did not know that she had a lover.  I would
like to think that even as mad as he was there at the end, if he had known about
you, he would not have taken her, but no matter.  Come, I will take you to my
son, who is even now, caring for my brother's Childe."  She led them both into
the darkness, quietly, peacefully, almost willingly.  As they could think of
doing nothing more than following her.




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 5
	Kris rolled over on the floor, mouth seeking the sweetness of Danny's
kisses.  It was wonderful.  This new life, strange and frightening though it
was, she was beginning to believe that she would like it.  "Jessy is right," she
nibbled at the young man's bottom lip.  "You are as bad as he is."  She had fed
four times that night so far.  First from this one, then from Jessy, then Randy,
oh that was so good.  And finally from Jessy again.  Lucky she was that now,
being a vampire, she didn't have to worry about weight gain, because with as
much of a glutton as she was becoming, she'd end up weighing three hundred
pounds, otherwise.
	"Are you complaining Mistress?  I thought you would like me."  He was so
pleased with himself.  He had, with Jessy's watchful eye and powers, been the
first of them to introduce her to anal sex.  She had loved it as much as he did. 
With having another vampire living with them now, the impromptu orgies, the
complete loss, all the wonderful flesh, would be more frequent.  Or would for
the next six months or so.  That is how long his master said that it would take
her to learn to control her hunger.  He hoped that it would never end.  She
could feed from him, from all of them, as often as she liked, if only he could
keep giving himself to the heated joy of the lust that always came with the
feedings.
	She laughed at him, kissing him again.  "Like you, pretty boy, I adore you. 
Jessy might have Randy, but I do believe that I'm going to be just as partial to
you as he is him."  Her past was gone.  All her hopes, dreams, gone up like
smoke, but here, now like this.  No she didn't have a past anymore, but what a
wonderful future.
	"Oh, well, I suppose I'm just going to have to make do with these two." 
Jake grinned at the two women that were curled up by him.  He had, in the last
twelve years, learned to make due with what little comfort he could.  As far as
Randy was concerned, and the guy was right, he had been lucky that Jessy had
saved him.  He'd been a real dick, and Randy had shown him that just because the
guy was little and gay, that it did not mean that he was helpless.  And after
his master had saved his life, he learned to take it up the ass and be quiet
about it.  Hell, it got to the point, like now, he didn't even care anymore. 
Nothing mattered just so long as he had been fed from first.  He would gladly
bend over for hundreds of men, if he were only promised that he would be fed
from afterwards.  Because, when, Jessy fed from him, it made it all fine.  And
now with Kris here, he could have twice the chance to feel what he felt every
time he was fed from.
	"Deal," Sally and Tracy both hit him.  "You guess you are just going to have
to deal with us?  Buster, get ready to sleep alone for a while."  She laughed as
he pulled her close, silencing her the only way that he could.  By kissing her.
	Jessy lay there, listening to the voices of those in his keep.  It was all
going to work out.  He believed that now.  True it would take a little time for
his little cousin to finally finish her fretting over what used to be.  And he
was going to have to dig up a few more.  But with them both living off of the
blood of those in his house, he just didn't see where that would be a problem. 
Especially not with the money Kris had, yes, it would be another five years
before she inherited it all, but the trust fund that she had now, the money she
could get to, even if it was only just a tiny fraction of what she really had
coming her way.  It would see to it that not only would they be able to keep
more mortals for food, but that they would never be without anything.  "Hey, you
two," he squeezed both Randy and Patty.  "Let me up, I have something I think I
need to give to Kris."
	She looked up at the sound of her name.  "Give me?  Jessy, you have given me
so much already.  What else could you think I would ever possibly need?"
	He went to the desk, opened the top drawer where he had put her papers the
night before.  "Not me, cousin, but Marcus.  Yeah, I know what he did, the way
he took you, was shitty as hell, and no I'm not saying that any of this will
ever undo what he did to you, but here."  He handed the portfolio of papers to
her.
	She looked at him, confused as she took the portfolio.  "What is it?"
	"My uncle, he might have been mad as a hatter, but he wasn't so far gone
that he didn't see to your upkeep.  That is your inheritance.  Or at least it
will be on your fifth birthday.  Right now you will be living on the obscenely
huge trust he set up for you.  Like I told Janis last night, you are now an
entire firm of CPA's wet dream."  He just stood back, waiting to see how she was
going to react.  She might finally be getting a grip on what had been done to
her, with what she was now.  But she still hated the man that made her what she
was.  And all of this came from him.
	She looked over all the papers in the portfolio.  She just couldn't believe
what she was seeing.  "Are you telling me that all this is mine now?"
	He nodded.  "It'll be a few years before you can really do a whole lot with
it, other than draw from the trust fund he set up for you, but yeah, you are now
the richest vampire I can think of.  So, how does it feel, being just a poor
little rich girl?"
	She just looked over the papers, there was so much.  He had stocks not only
in IBM and MicroSoft, but Coke as well as several others.  But the rest, and the
bankbooks, he had five different accounts, one of them in Switzerland.  How much
money did this thing have?  She didn't look at anything else.  She was too
stunned to try to figure out what all he, no she, owned.  She just broke down
into tears, letting all that she had in her hands fall into her lap.
	Jessy pushed Danny out of the way, as he gathered her close.  "Hey, now,
what's wrong.  I thought that maybe, if you knew that you weren't going to be
bumming off of me for the rest of your life, it would make you feel better.  I
didn't realize you would start crying on me."  He pulled her closer, trying to
calm her.  "Come on, Kris, talk to me."
	She didn't know what to say to him.  He'd been so good to her so far.  Even
let her, so, called accident with Danny earlier this evening go without a
comment.  How could she tell him how badly she wanted to do nothing more than
just throw all this back in his face.  It wasn't his fault, he hadn't done this
to her.  If it had been him, she might even have felt grateful for the
unbelievable amount of stuff she had been given.  But it wasn't, instead it had
been that 'freak of nature', that took her from her life, her job, her friends,
Mitch, all of it.  Had raped her, then killed her in the process of making her
this thing that she was now.  It didn't bother her as much as it should have. 
Being a vampire wasn't so bad, or at least not so long as she didn't have to
kill.  She couldn't see herself killing anyone.  But, it had all come from him. 
All of it, and she didn't want anything that had ever been his, not even the
life she was now forced to live.  But short of throwing herself out in the
middle of the day, there was nothing she could do about that.  She just leaned
against him and cried.
	Jessy was at a loss, he had known that nothing in that stack of documents
would ever give her back what she had lost.  But he had hoped that it would make
the change just a little easier.  But instead, it had only hurt her even more. 
"Kris," he tried to make her look up at him, but all she did was shake off his
hands as she clung to him, sobbing, huge, painful sobs.  Sobs of loss, of pain,
of complete disillusionment.  "Come on, baby, talk to me.  Please, talk to me." 
	'Talk', yes, she could talk, but she was pretty sure he wouldn't like the
question she was about to ask him.  "Jessy," she hiccuped, trying to stop
crying.
	"Yeah, what is it."  If only he could get her to start talking, then maybe
he would help her work out what ever it was that she was going through.
	"How can I die?"  This time when she looked up, there was so much emptiness
in her eyes.  So, much, total lack, no not lack, unwillingness to live.  "I
don't know, for sure, how that bastard that did this to me died, if he just ran
into the sun or what."
	For a moment Jessy just held her, looking in shock.  She wanted to die.  He
had thought that maybe, he had gotten through to her, even if it was just a
little bit, but no.  She wanted to die.  "Kris," he crushed her to him.  "Don't
ask me that.  Never, 'do you hear me', never, I will never let you die."
	"Why not?"  She was still in his arms.  Not even breath stirred.  "What
possible reason would you have to make me live?  I didn't want this, didn't ask
for any of it."
	He didn't want to consider any reasons she could possibly come up with.  He
couldn't let her die.  "Because believe it or not, I would rather not have to
rise another night, if you weren't in it.  Please, Kris, I can't undo all that
you have had to face so far.  But if you will let me, I can and will do almost
anything to make it better.  You were happy just a few minutes ago.  Why throw
that away.  Please, Cousin, forget that son of a bitch that did this to you. 
Just live, to spite him if you have to have a reason other than my wanting you
to live.  Just please, don't ask me to let you die.  I've been alone for over
sixty years, since Janis let me go.  I thought I wanted to be on my own, but
please.  Now with you, I just can't think of going on alone, again."
	She shook her head.  "You're not alone.  You have Randy, Patty, Danny, and
the rest.  What is so important about me?  I'm just some throw away that you got
stuck with.  Why won't you just tell me how to die.  I know that there has to be
a cleaner way to do it, that the way Marcus did it.  Just tell me, please, just
tell me."
	'She doesn't understand'.  He marveled.  Well how could she, she was just
all of three days old, a baby.  "You're right, I do have all those I keep here,
and I do love them dearly.  But Kris, they are mortal.  I was the last, for so
very long, the last of our kind, I didn't believe that there would ever again be
another.  There isn't that many of us, total, even world wide, there isn't that
many.  We could very easily populate a small town in the mid-west.  Mortals,
they die, even with as much of my blood as they all have had so far, eventually
they will die, and I will be left alone again.  But with you," he pressed a kiss
to her forehead.  "With you, I won't ever have to be alone again.  I know of few
couples or threesomes that have been together for several thousand years.  I
want that with you."  He was crying with her, his tears just as bloody as hers. 
"Please, Kris, we're vampires, love, hate, joy, pain, all our emotions, they
flare fast and burn hot for us.  So please believe me when I tell you I love
you.  I fell in love with you last night, when I held you as you first gave your
hunger to me, first tried to reach out for someone, anyone, to help make it hurt
less.  Please, just live, if only for me, just keep living."
	She looked up at him, unsure about what to say.  "You, you love me?"  It
couldn't be that simple.  When she had found and fallen for Mitch, she had
thought that everything bad in her life had been made right in his love for her,
but here, now, another man, one that she wanted, who could understand what was
going on in her life, he loved her too.
	"If you only give me half a chance, I am going to spend the next million
years showing you just how much.  Please, Kris, just live.  Don't die on me. 
Don't follow your father into the sun, please."	
	Randy and Danny, as well as Patty practically threw themselves at the two
vampires.  "Please, Mistress, don't die."  Danny was the first of the three to
begin.  "Please, I thought you like me, liked us, what are we doing wrong?"
	"Mistress, if you die, I don't know if I will ever get my master to try
living again.  I've been with him long enough to know him.  If he says he loves
you, he does.  If he loves you, so do I.  Please, don't leave us."  Randy tried
to reason with her.
	Kris was monetarily overwhelmed by all that she was feeling.  The shock of
what had happened, what was going to happen, it just left her speechless.
	"Mistress," Patty wasn't like the guys.  She had lost her life and love when
she chose to come here, but at least she had chosen this.  This poor woman, it
had been forced on her.  "Do you hate us?  Because if you die, it as if you are
saying you hate us.  Our master is right, you can live, go on and make something
out of your life.  Enjoy living again, just to prove that you can.  You're made
of stronger stuff than what you think of you are.  The men, they don't
understand what you are going through, but I do.  Do you think you are the first
woman alive that has had to pick up and go on?  I might have chosen to come
here, but if it hadn't been for the fact that the man I loved had looked
elsewhere, had decided that I wasn't enough for him, I wouldn't be here.  Don't
you think there are days, as I lie in bed, that I sometimes wonder what would
have happened if the Lady Janis hadn't found me?  I'd be dead, that is what, and
I know it."  She blushed looking down.  "I was stupid, had slit my wrists
because I though I was without worth, all because some stupid man, cheated on
me.  But here now, I share the man I love with everyone in this house, and I do
love him.  I love them all.  It is a new chance for you, if only you will take
it.  Love is so easy for him, but so is pain and grief.  Let him, us, love you. 
Please, just let it lie.  Because, Mistress, if you died, it would mean that you
hated us all, and I would hate you for the pain you caused those I loved.  If my
hate means anything to one of you, I would.  And my master, he could never make
me forgive you.  Because I would know, you were a coward.  Prove that you
aren't."
	Anger flared in Kris, washing over the pain and anguish that she was
feeling.  How I 'dare' this woman, and even though she looked no older than in
her late teens, Kris knew she was a woman.  How dare she think that her life was
any comparison to what hers was.  "Coward?  Who the fuck, do, you think you are? 
I had a life.  A job, a home, I was engaged to be married."  She held up her
left hand, where the engagement ring that Mitch had given her was.  "I was a
virgin, he raped me, killed me, and then left me, threw me out like so much
trash.  You don't know anything about what I went through, how could you?"
	"No, Mistress, I don't.  But if you died, then I never would.  Teach me;
show me that there really is goodness in the world outside that door.  Because
in here, those that you now share with our master, we know so very little about
a life that isn't ugly, isn't pain.  But you can teach us, if only you would
live long enough to do just that."
	Kris looked from her, to Jessy, then to all the rest as they sat, lay, or
stood, watching her.  Each of them waiting to see if the horror and ugliness
that was beyond the front door of their home would slip in, and there would be
pain again.  "I," what could she say.  That she would not try to find an easy
way to just die?  That is what they all wanted.  She looked at Jessy, he loved
her, and she believed that, as much as she believed that Mitch loved her.  Then
the pain, the heart killing pain that she had tried so very hard not to touch,
it stuck her.  'Oh God, Mitch', what kind of hell was he going through?  He
didn't know she was all right, knew nothing other than the fact she had
disappeared.  Did he think her dead, or worse?  "Mitch," she felt so wrong, so
cheap.  She had made a pact with him.  They would wait until they were married
to give into everything they felt for each other.  Had spent the last four
months, living together, sharing the same bed, the same house, everything but
the one thing that she now wished she had shared with him.  And now, even though
no one had told her that she didn't dare ever let him know how she was, she knew
he couldn't ever know that she wasn't his anymore, that there was not only
another man in her life, but another four.
	Jessy watched as the emotions that were raging in her played out on her
face.  She had been a virgin when Marcus had taken her, he knew that, but he
didn't know that she was promised to another.  How could he ever compete with
what was now for all intents and purposes, 'a ghost'?  "Kris," he slowly, ready,
to pull away if she fought, pulled her close again.  "There is no way I can ever
undo what was done to you.  I know that, so I won't even try, but baby, isn't
our love enough?  Can't it fill that place in your heart, even, just a little
bit?"  He stroked her hair, hoping beyond all hope that she would say yes.  No,
he wasn't this mortal man that she had loved, but he was here, he loved her, and
would always love her.
	She pulled up, to look at him.  "I don't know what is happening to me.  "She
hiccuped, touching his cheek.  "But, knowing you love me, it helps."  This time
it was she who sought his lips and not the other way around.  If she was damned
to live eternity without Mitch, she could learn to live with that, because she
now had this wonderful man, who loved her, all these people, and all they wanted
her to do was live, that would have to be enough.  "It helps because I don't
feel so bad about loving you."  She instinctively knew what to do next, she
lowered her mouth to his throat, and teeth finding his blood losing, herself, in
the heat she knew would take her.  *God help me, I love you. *  She just cried
as she drank.  Mitch was gone from her forever, but now, at least she had Jessy,
and with him came all these other loves.  Yes she could find peace and happiness
again with this man.
		*	*	*
	Janis pulled up in the driveway, looking over at the two that she had with
her.  Poor lost things.  She hated when she had to take the will of anyone, even
a mortal, but she also knew that she would do anything to see that her brothers
Childe thrived.  "Okay, we are here.  Don't be afraid, no one is going to hurt
you."  She had tried to talk to them during their ride here, but for the most
part, Mitch, the younger man, had only looked at her, lost and confused.  He
didn't understand what this woman wanted from him.  And Alex, had sat in the
back seat, and cried.  "Now, are you both listening to me?"
	"Yes, Mistress, they both responded automatically. 
	She nodded.  "I didn't lie when I told you that I knew where Kris was."  She
smiled softly at Mitch.  "She is within.  Now, I don't want either of you going
in there and upsetting her.  She has been through quite enough for one so young. 
Do you both think you can meet her with smiles on your pretty faces?  She is
probably going to be upset enough when she sees you both.  I don't want you to
upset her any more than she will be already."
	"Why, Mistress?"  Mitch just looked at her, so lost, so trusting.  "Why will
she be upset at seeing us?"
	She sighed.  She might as well tell them, by the time they finally made it
back to themselves it wouldn't matter.  They would be thought lost and with any
luck, dead as well.  Not that she was worried that anyone would ever look for
them here, but because, with as much as those around them were hurting now, the
pain would only increase with their absents.  "Because, she will know I have
taken you from the world of mortals, to bring you here to her.  She will feel
guilty that more of those she loves will feel pain.  But I had to take you. 
Please, if you both can understand me, make her see that I had to take you."  
She pushed, ever so slightly.  "You saw what I was."  Then she looked at Mitch. 
"She will be your mistress now, as much as my son will be your master.  You are
their slaves now.  And their slaves you will be for the rest of your lives.  I
am sorry that I had to take you.  I know neither one of you will understand
this.  But I had to take you."  She turned off the car.  And just sat there for
a moment.  She knew how her little niece would react.  She knew that the girl
would hate her for what she had done but better, that, than leaving her totally
bereft of all that she had known.  With Jessy, it had been different, with each
of his toys that she had gotten for him, the same.  They all had come into this. 
Eyes wide open.  But these two were like her sons little toy, had been taken by
force.  Left to wander for days even weeks lost to themselves.  "Let's go, shall
we?"  She opened the door, motioning for them both to do the same.
		*	*	*
	Kris lay in Jessy's arms, he had made love to her, again, and it was like it
always was with him, love.  She felt calmer now.  And almost happy, again she
began to believe that this life was not going to be as bad as she had feared. 
"Would you believe, I'm hungry again?"  She giggled.
	He just laughed at her, planting kisses all over her face.  "Yeah, with as
much emotional energy that you've put out, I can just bet you're hungry.  So,
which of them do you think should be next, or you willing to wait on me.  I'm
starved as well.  I don't usually have to feed like I have the last couple of
nights, but with the fact that you keep latching on to my throat, a guy has to
keep up his diet, know what I mean?"
	Kris never had the chance to answer him.  The door opened, intruding on
their peace.  "What?"  She looked up to see not only Janis standing there but
Mitch and Alex as well.  "No," she was up and across the room before Jessy could
even take in what he saw.  "Mitch," she threw her arms around him.  "How?"  She
looked first from him to Alex, "oh, no."  They were like she had been, and lost,
their wills gone.  "Oh, no," she glared at Janis.  "What have you done, you
stupid bitch?"  Bobby would go mad, Alex was his whole world, and now.  "Why?" 
She demanded, holding Mitch close.
	"I'm sorry Kris, but, I had no choice.  They saw me, knew me for what I was. 
Better by far that I bring them to you, than take them to add to the already
overly large herd I had at home."  Okay, so she had to lie to this girl for the
second time in less than a week.  But again, better she believe a lie than know
the truth.
	Jessy came to stand beside where Kris stood, holding Mitch, protectively. 
"Mother, what happened?"  Don't lie to me Janis, you can't tell me that you just
happened to stumble into these two, it's not like it used to be, we don't feed
from strangers anymore.  Why, do you have any idea who, these, two are, what
they mean to her? *
	*Yes Jessy, I do.  I am sorry for any pain I cause her, but the boy, he was
so upset they both were, better that they come here, and see that she is well
and cared for.  She needed extra feeders anyway.  At least this way, she knows
them. *  She would not back down.  Could not, with the feeling of fresh pain
that was still so strong in the room.  "I had only went to see where it was that
she used to work, where Marcus had taken her from.  These two, they surprised
me, saw me weeping, I could not change the color of my tears, or hide my nature
from them, I was grieving, you know how that effects us.  I had just lost my
brother.  I went to the last place that he had found peace, where he had taken
his Childe."
	"Well, at least you brought them here.  You're right.  You have a bunch
three times the size of mine and you don't feed near as much as I do.  They
would have gotten lost in all those pretty little toys you keep."
	Janis nodded.  "With her here, you need more, you are right, I don't feed
near as often as you do.  And now with her, I know you care for your herd, and I
didn't want to see you put any of them at risk.  And with her here, they would
be.  At her age, not being allowed to kill anymore, she feeds ten to twelve
times a night.  And yes, I know you have them all so bound to you that what she
takes is replaced in hours, but, with two young vampires, particularly as young
as she is, I thought you needed them much more than I do.  So I brought them to
you."
	"It's good to see you Mistress."  Mitch just held Kris to him.  He didn't
even notice her lack of clothing.  He didn't notice much of anything, but the
fact that now, he had her back.
	"I'm sorry Childe, I wish they had never seen me.  I would rather risk my
boy's six than the pain I know this will cause you."  Now she would see if what
Marcus saw in this girl was, really, there.  See if she was as strong as her
brother had believed her to be.
	Kris would not let Mitch go.  Now that she had him again, she would not let
him go.  "Damn you, you fucking bitch, do you know what you have done?  Bad
enough you took Mitch, I could live with having to help him through all of this,
but when Alex finally wakes up, he's going to hate me.  You took him; Bobby is
going to go nuts.  It wasn't enough for you, that that thing you call your
brother took me, but Alex, he is Bobby's whole world."
	"Kris?"  Jessy wanted to scream.  He had just gotten her through wanting to
die, and now, this.  "No one is going to hate you, my mother on the other hand,
yeah, when we finally get them back from where their minds are wandering right
now.  They will hate her, but not you.  If anything they will see you as their
protectress and savior.  Janis is right, we did need them, and she could have
kept them, seen to it that they never recovered."  *Damn you mother, I just got
her past wanting to die, and now this.  What were you thinking, or were you
thinking at all? *  He was so mad at the woman who had made him what he was. 
For the first time in over a hundred and forty years, he was ashamed of what he
was.  What right did he, or any of them, have to live if they would do this to
another of their own?  He moved slowly to pull Alex close.  Two more men and
this one as gender biased as Randy was, and by the look of his collar his mortal
lovers slave already.  Oh well, looks like he was going to have to go out and
gather a few more women, just to balance out the overwhelming number of men in
his house.  "Come on, pretty boy, why don't you come over here and be with me
for a while.  It's okay, didn't Janis tell you no one would hurt you here?"
	Alex looked at him, confused.  "Master?"
	Jessy looked at the collar on his throat, again, sighing.  "Yeah, that's
what I'm called.  Now come on with you.  Let's go and see if we can find
something to do while your mistress greets her friend."
	Kris looked up as Jessy was slowly leading Alex farther into the room. 
"Don't hurt him Jessy, please."  What else would happen because of her.  How
many more people would have to suffer for her?
	"Hurt him?"  Jessy just chuckled at her.  "Cousin, you should know by now, I
don't hurt those in my home.  He and I will get along just fine."  He tilted
Alex's face up to meet his.  "Won't we?"
	Janis just nodded.  It would all work out.  Yes these two just might hate
her, once they found their way back from where all mortals fled when their,
free, will was taken, but she could live with that.  She could, even, live with
Kris's hate, as long as the girl lived.  "I will let you go.  Again, Childe, I
am sorry for the pain I know this is going to cause you."
	"Go to hell, you have no idea what pain you are causing people tonight. 
Mitch has parents, Alex as well.  I won't even go into what Bobby is going to go
through, all because you just had to see where it all happened."
	"No Childe, I do understand, all too well the pain I am causing so many
tonight.  You will never know how much I wish I hadn't had to take them.  Nor do
I think, you will ever understand, or believe how little choice I had."
	"Go on Mother, I will fix this mess, that's what you made me for after all
wasn't it?  So I can fix the messes our family make."  He was so mad at her,
that he didn't dare say anything else, for fear of saying what he really thought
of her right now, and then knowing that his bunch would have to stand and watch
her punish him.  He wasn't afraid of the pain, he had been punished before.  But
Kris, Randy, Patty, the others, they would not understand.  Especially not Kris,
she had no parent was alone in all of this.  And for one brief moment, he wished
he were orphaned too.  Oh he loved Janis, more than life, but he was so mad at
her right now.  How could she do this to him, to Kris?
	Kris didn't pay Janis anymore attention as the woman left.  She was too
busy, trying to get Mitch to listen to her.  "Come on Mitch.  I promise you.  I
won't let anyone hurt you.  You just come on over here and sit with me."  She
was so hungry, but she'd rather starve than take so much as one drop from either
his or Alex's.  Not now; not, with as confused and befuddled as they both were.
	"Mistress?"  Mitch sat where she indicated.  "The other mistress, she said
we were here for you.  That now, you would need us."  Janis had explained it all
in the car on the way over here, what Kris was now, what she needed.  "Are you
hungry Mistress?"
	Kris just closed her eyes.  Was she hungry?  If only he knew how hungry she
was, he would, if he had any sense at all, run from her.  She was a vampire now. 
"Yes, Mitch, I'm hungry, but you don't have to worry, I won't touch you.  I
promise."  *Jessy, what happened?  When I was like this, I didn't even know who
I was, how did she pull this off? *
	*Janis is many times older than Marcus was.  Skill comes with age.  She can
take a mortals will, leave them lost, but still leave them with their identity.
*  Jessy didn't want to say anything good about his mother, but he had to be
honest, both with Kris and himself.  The woman was very talented.
	Mitch gave her that wonderful smile that had won her heart.  "It's okay
Mistress, see," he turned his head, exposing his throat to her.  "I love you, I
know you won't hurt me."  Even as lost as he was, he still had that much
complete and absolute trust in her.  He knew she wouldn't hurt him.
	"Go on, Kris, I won't let you lose yourself in him.  It is the best way to
ease him into this life."  Jessy sat by her, holding Alex as the younger man
watched both fascinated and a little frightened as Kris just gave into the
horrible hunger she was feeling, and took Mitch.
	Mitch moaned softly, arms lifting to hold her to him.  He had never felt
anything like this before in his life, and as he heard the fabric of his shirt
tear, and Kris's hands on his skin, he just pressed himself that much farther
into her hands.
	*Kris, you need to pull back now, honey.  No I know you aren't full, but I
don't have a bond with him yet.  He isn't as strong as our other six. *  Jessy
had to use just a little more effort with her this time.  She had only take a
pint or so from Mitch, but he didn't dare let her take more, not with the mortal
still completely unchanged.
	He waited only long enough to know that she had indeed pulled back, before
going to pull Alex to him.  No these two new ones, were not as strong as the
rest of his lot was, but that could and would change very soon.
	She was still so hungry, but Jessy was right.  So she pulled back, losing
herself now in the hands and mouth of the man that she was originally going to
marry.  Finally able to share with him what she never had before.  "Make love to
me, baby."  She whispered softly in his ear as her hands returned each touch,
every caress, as she pulled his pants from him.  "Come on baby, I want to feel
you make love to me."
	'Make love, to her, yes, oh yes'.  He wanted to do that, had wanted to do
just that for so long, and now.  "Tell me Mistress if I hurt you."  Lost he
might be, but he still held to the knowledge that they both were virgins.
	*You won't hurt me.  It's okay, just made love to me. *  The ability to talk
while your mouth was otherwise occupied was going to come in very handy.  And as
he pulled even closer to her, entering her, everything else was forgotten.
		*	*	*
	Jessy pulled Kris close, as Mitch finished.  Gods the girl was so hungry. 
He would have to share his blood with both of them and do so soon.  "Go on baby. 
I know that boy of yours only wet your appetite."  Poor, girl, to have back what
you wanted so badly and not able to fully lose yourself in him.  Well no matter,
he could see to both of them before he went to sleep at dawn.  And unlike with
Jake, he would have to deal with Mitch's virginity, just like he had with Danny. 
Kris would never forgive him, if he let her lover get hurt in anyway.  He was
very lucky that thanks to his crew, he was greatly attracted to anything cute,
boy or girl.
	Mitch watched as Kris left him to go to Jessy.  He didn't understand.  He
thought he did what she wanted.  It had felt so good, why was she leaving him? 
"Mistress?"  He looked at her.
	"It's okay, our mistress, she can't feed from you yet as much as she can
from us.  But you just wait.  Soon as our master fixes you both, she won't be so
ready to pull away from you."  Danny had been where both these guys were.  He
had his will taken in the beginning too.  "Why don't you just come over and join
the rest of us.  No need in you sitting over here all alone."  He held out a
hand.  Jessy had been so good to him when he was as lost as these two were.  So
the way he saw it, he needed to be the same to them.  Randy had taken Alex in
hand the moment Jessy had pulled away to handle Kris.  But Mitch, who was, or
had been his mistress's fiancee, he would see to.  After all, he was going to be
to her, what Randy was to his master.  So as he saw it, while she was busy,
Mitch was his responsibility.
	Kris had forgotten everything as she lay back holding Jessy to her. 
"Thanks."
	"For what baby?"  He traced a pattern over her breasts with his finger.
	"For helping me with Mitch."  She moaned low, "Just for being you, I guess." 
She reached up to kiss him.  "I love you."
	He continued to play with her body.  She was thanking him for being himself. 
So after all that his people had done to her and all those that were now in his
house, she still loved him.  "You don't ever have to doubt mine, baby girl.  I
will love you until the day you die, or I walk out in the sun, which ever comes
first."
	She pushed him back, so she was the one looking down at him.  "Jess?" She
touched his chest.  "I really want to make love to you again, but, is it okay if
I blow you first?  The last one I even started to blow was Marcus, and that
didn't count."  She had wondered then what it would be like, and now, he loved
her, she loved him and he had done so much for her.  This was the one thing she
could give him.  She had never really blown any man before.  She could give him
the last piece of innocents she had to offer.  Marcus had taken her virginity. 
Danny, sweet love, that he was, he had been so good to her.  Jessy had done so
much for her already, so she could give him this, he wouldn't have to watch over
her, wouldn't have to worry about her not feeling any pain.  *Would you like
that, Jess?  Or is it something that only that asshole wanted? *
	She wanted to blow him.  Was asking if he wanted her to.  He wasn't sure if
he could come up with the words to tell her how much he wanted to feel her mouth
on him or not.  He just smiled, reached out to touch her cheek and nodded. 
	She wasn't sure just how to go about this, did she just go down on him, or
work her way, up, to it, or down to it as the case may be.  Like she told him,
the only one that she had ever even tried this with was Marcus, and that was
right before he beat, raped and killed her.  "Jessy, I don't want to sound
stupid or anything, but, can you help me?  I don't want to suck," she just
smiled at him.  "At it, pardon the pun.  You have done so much for me.  I want
to make it good."
	Jessy laughed softly at the pun she had made.  She didn't want to 'suck' at
it.  That was rich, like he would even notice if she did a good job or not. 
With all likelihood, he'd cum the moment he felt her mouth on him.  "Tell you
what, baby girl, if you feel shy, you don't have to do it.  I am forever touched
that you want to, but you don't have to."
	"Oh, no you don't lover.  If I didn't want to make love to you like this, I
wouldn't have offered.  I want to, you have no idea how much, I just don't think
the way I was 'told' to do it last time, is how it is done when two people love
each other.  I don't just want to bend over and just suck on it, I want to love
you."  She reached down and began to stroke him.  "I want to love you so much. 
I just want a little instruction, that's all."
	All she had to do was just go down on him, with as tightly wound as he was
right now, that would be all it would take.  But she was right, might as well
teach her now to do it right to begin with.  "Lay back Kris."  The best way he
could teach her was to show her what to do on her body first.  "I know that you
and I are made a little different.  But, the build up is pretty much the same,
and I can show you a whole hell of a lot easier, and better, than I could ever
hope to tell you."
	She giggled as she lay back.  "Built different, nah, you don't say."  He was
going to make love to her, now, with his mouth.  She loved when he did.  But
this time, she was going to have to pay close attention to everything he did. 
"Viva la difference."
	"Hush, you," he kissed her softly.  Pressing her down under him while he
just kissed her.  *Okay baby girl, school is in. * By the time he finished with
her, she would be clawing the paint off the walls.  It was one thing that he had
perfected in all the time he had been around.  He had been good at it, very
good, before Janis had made him her Childe, and after more than sixty years in
her bed.  And all the time he had spent with Patty, Sally and Tracy.  He was
more than just a little sure of what he was doing.  He was down right positive.
	Again she almost cried in wonder as his lips play over her skin, her throat,
her shoulders, her breasts.  Every where, and every where he touched she felt
liquid fire.  And as his hands joined his mouth, she did cry, softly.
	He took her foot into his hand, kissing her ankle.  She wanted to know how
to make love to someone with her mouth.  And now, with as sweet and loving as
she was, he wanted make love to her with his.
	He chuckled as she gasped as he ran his tongue up the back of her calve,
biting gently, not hard enough to break the skin, but hard enough so that he
knew she would feel it.  On of the things he had learned first thing, was that
as a vampire, he might be more sensitive, but the concept of pain, had changed a
great deal.  What now felt so good to her, would have only days ago, had her
screaming in pain.
	She didn't know to giggle or moan as she felt the press of his lips at the
back of her knee.  But as his hands moved up her leg, scratching lightly at the
inner part of her thigh, she did moan.  It felt so wonderfully good.  If he
would ever just touch her sex with his mouth, she knew she wouldn't last more
than a minute.
	He heard her moan and then cry out softly as his fingers parted her sex, and
pushed inside her, thrusting even before his mouth made it to her.  She was so
wet, so hot.  He was going to go mad long before he ever had a chance to lose
himself in her.  But it was a madness that he could live with.  He smiled to
himself as he looked down at her sweet, wet and fragrant sex.  He would later,
have to have her shave.  Like he had all the others do.  Might as well, she
would learn soon enough, like the rest of his, that her body would loose most of
her body hair anyway.  And she would lose her groin hair, altogether.  But for
now, like he had done so many times, thus far, he just pushed that thought back
as his mouth took the place of his finger.
	This time, as she felt not only his mouth on her, but also the added feeling
of his fingers as they thrust into her rectum, she did scream.  Feeling the
beginnings of her orgasm begin to wash over her.  "Oh, yes, oh, oh, 'yes'."  She
was lost, totally lost in all the pleasure that he was sharing with her.  Forget
blowing him, she could do that later, but now, *Now, please, make love to me
now. *
	*I am, open up for me again, baby, * he felt her fluids as they washed over
his face, drinking them as he began to thrust even harder, lips and teeth
latching on to her clitoris, and his tongue began to drive her mad.  Holding her
hips down as she began to try to lift them to meet his wickedly tormenting
mouth.  He would have her again, would hear and feel her as she came again. 
Then, and only then, would he lose himself in her.
	She clung to him, sobbing as he moved up, her body, parting her legs farther
for him so that he could give her what she needed so much.  "Now, please Jessy,
now."
	"Yes, lady love, now."  And he silenced her scream with his mouth as he
filled her.




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 6
	Danny had to restrain Mitch as Kris screamed.  "He's hurting her."
	"No, she's just real vocal.  It's okay, trust me, our mistress is fine." 
Then he grinned at Mitch.  "She's better than fine.  Our master can be very
talented when he wants to be.  He's been making her scream all evening.  He'll
make you scream too."  He pressed the worried young man back into the carpet. 
"But as he is busy at the moment, how about you letting me see how much I can
make you scream."
	Mitch moaned, as Danny kissed him.  So far tonight, his mistress had made
love to him.  But CHAPTER 6she was with his master at the moment, but this one,
yes.  This felt good too.  "Are you gonna make love to me too?"
	"I would love to."  God he was so handsome, so, 'sweet', was the word that
his master would use to describe him.  He could see just what his mistress had
seen in him.  "Mitch?  Have you ever been made love to by a man?"  With as lost
as Mitch was right now, he hoped he said yes.  Because if he had, even if he
hadn't liked it then, he would now.
	"No, never been made love to by anyone.  Mistress was the first time I ever
made love to anyone, ever."  He pulled Danny face back to his.   Kissing was
nice.
	"Danny, best you leave that to our master.  He didn't hurt you your first
time.  He's good with virgins."  Randy looked up from where he and Alex lay,
just a few feet away.
	"Sorry, honey, I can't make love to you, much as I would like to."  He
hushed Mitch's protests.  "I can't, Randy is right.  I won't hurt you.  Both our
mistress and master would skin me alive if I did.  So I can't."  He kissed Mitch
again.  "But I can blow you, that doesn't hurt.  Even if it is your first time."
	"Okay."  He would have to wait, they said it would hurt the first time, but
it hadn't hurt last time.  Why would it hurt now?

	Alex was in the process of losing his own virginity as Patty pulled him to
her.  He hadn't ever made love to a woman before, but here, now, like this, with
everything as wonderful as it was, now he could.
	"That's it honey."  Patty gently urged him on.  She had been Randy's first
as well.  For a woman, who had before coming here only been with one man, she
was rapidly learning how to love many.  The funny part was, now, with Alex as a
member of her house, she was now also becoming more than one man's first women.
	Alex wasn't even in her before he came.  "Ah," he lay over her, shuddering. 
"I'm sorry," he just lay there crying.  He hadn't ever been about to make love
to a man, because of this, and now, it would seem he couldn't make love to a
woman either.
	Randy just laughed softly.  "Looks like a encore, my Girl.  I was like that
the first time our master let me touch you."
	"Yes, I remember, it took you over three months to get to the point that you
didn't cum every time you even got near my pussy."  She leaned up to kiss him. 
"But look at you now.  There are times, you flat wear me out."  Then to Alex
that lay on her, so humiliated.  "It's okay, you're gay, I know that.  Not even
as you are right now, will gone and lost, I can't expect you to act any
differently.  Maybe now that you have popped off your first, you will be a
little calmer.  Honey, the night has just begun.  I'm here, and I won't leave
you."  She pulled his head, so she could kiss him.  "I won't leave you Alex."
		*	*	*
	Jessy also lay, sobbing on Kris, but for different reasons.  He loved this
woman, loved her more than he ever thought he could love anyone.  Loved her even
more than he did Janis, who had been the woman that had given him the night.  He
lifted his head to look down at Kris, her face as bloody as his was.
	"I love you."  She whispered, even as he was forming the words.
	*I love you, God if you only knew how much. *  He just sank his fangs into
the breast under his mouth, feeling himself harden in her.  *I don't think,
before you, I knew what real love was. *
		*	*	*
	Bobby stood outside the diner, looking at Alex's car.  He thought his boy
was heading home.  "Alex?"  He looked around the empty parking lot.  But there
was nothing and no one there.  "Please, baby, answer me."  No, not again.  And
not Alex, he, couldn't lose another of those he loved.
		*	*	*		
	It was some time later, before Jessy pulled away from Kris.  They had made
love so many times.  He couldn't even count the number.  "I know it isn't that
late, love, but before I lose myself again, I'd best see to Mitch.  Danny has
been pestering me for the last hour.  Seems your boy; is just as bad as he is. 
He just won't let Danny rest.  He has blow him three times already, but Mitch is
still very adamant that when he made love to you, it didn't hurt, so why should
Danny making love to him hurt.  I do believe I'm going to name the boy Butch." 
He kissed her before pulling away.
	She just giggled.  *Do me a favor.  Let Danny, be his first.  You can help
him, like you did with me, it wasn't my first, but you were still able to make
sure that I didn't have any regrets.  If Mitch feels most comfortable with
Danny, like he is right now, I'd rather you just let it be Danny. *
	*Already a step ahead of you baby girl. *  He leaned down to kiss her.  "Why
don't you curl up with either Jake, or one of the girls.  I'll be back in a few. 
I not only have to help Danny with his objective with Mitch, but I have to share
my blood with both Mitch and Alex.  Be back soon."  He kissed her one more
before turning around and going to take care of those new ones in his house. 
The ones that if he played his cards right, would recover just fine, and
hopefully, some of Kris's pain would be lain to rest, finally.
		*	*	*
	"Finally." Danny sighed.  "See Mitch, I told you, our master wouldn't forget
you."
	"I wouldn't do that to you Mitch.  I know what this kid can do."  He
gathered the boy to him.  "Listen to me, just like I'm naming Alex, Precious, so
I name you Butch, because that is what your are acting like."
	Danny laughed at Jessy's words.  "If it is okay, Master, I'll go keep my
mistress company while you take care of him.
	"No, Little One, Kris is currently busy with one of the other three, he
wants you, not me.  Your mistress agrees with me, with as lost as he is right
now, if he's connected to you, neither of us want to upset him."  He smiled at
the boy.  "Besides, with as much as you impressed her with your gentleness, she
would rather it be you."
	Danny was still trying to recover from the fact that she had asked his
master to let him be her first in the house to love her like that.  But now, he
didn't know what to do, other than cry.  "Master, she."
	"I know baby.  It is kind of overwhelming.  She's just full of all kinds of
surprises for us, isn't she?"
	"You'll do for him, like you did for me that first time you made love to me,
won't you?"  He dropped back down beside them.
	"Why do you think I'm here, Little One?  I didn't hurt you then, and I
didn't let you hurt Kris earlier.  Have fun, don't worry, I have everything
taken care of."
	"I'll be right back, Master."  He was up like a shot.  No he didn't need to
use lubricant anymore, usually by the time any of them made love to him now,
he'd cum at least once, so he didn't need any extra.  But this time, like his
first time, he wanted to make extra sure everything went well.
	"Butch," Jessy had a sneaky feeling with as much as Kris loved this man,
Randy was going to have to share his place in his heart.  Because with as much
as he loved her, and she loved this one, he wouldn't be able to help himself. 
He would love him too.
	Dark brown eyes met his, so open and trusting, but also so painfully lost. 
"Yes, Master?"
	"Look into my eyes, baby, and listen to me.  Danny, he is your mistresses
favorite of the bunch here.  That was until you came.  Now she and I both want
the two of you to become friends.  You'd like that wouldn't you.  Danny, he is a
very sweet kid.  And he wants to make love to you.  Would you like that?"
	Mitch nodded.  "But, Master, he won't.  Says that it hurts the first time. 
I tried to tell him that it didn't hurt when mistress had me make love to her. 
But he said I had to wait for you.  That you wouldn't let it hurt."
	"He is right, it does tend to hurt the first time a man is made love to by
another man.  And he is also right, when he told you; I would never hurt you.  I
won't let him hurt you either.  If the two of you want to make love, I promise
you, it will be beautiful.  There will be no pain, only joy.  Do you understand,
Butch, no pain, They're will never be any pain."
	The boy just nodded, trustingly.  Of course it wasn't going to hurt, but he
knew that already.  His new friend, he would never hurt him, he told him he
wouldn't.
	Danny came back, carrying a tube of lubricant in his hand.  "Is he okay
Master?"
	Jessy just nodded, still looking into Mitch's eyes.  "Now honey, you just
lean against me, let me hold you while Danny makes love to you.  Let me share my
blood with you, while you hold me."  He'd kill two birds with one stone.  Make
sure that his first time was as pleasurable as it was painless, and bind him to
him forever.  And with as lost as both Mitch and Alex were right now, by giving
them his blood, they both would end up being as good as Danny was, and that boy
would fuck a pile of rocks if he thought there was a snake in it.
	He tightened his grip on Mitch as, the boy, was pressed even father into his
arms by Danny, as he leaned over Mitch's back to kiss him.  "It's okay now baby,
I have him, you don't have to worry about anything."
	"Thank you Master."  He would be allowed to make love to his new friend. 
Make love to him for that first time, like he had with his mistress.  And it was
all because of this man that was with him right now.  His wonderful, giving, and
loving master.
	"Butch," Jessy tore of his wrist, offering it to the boy.  "Drink sweety,
just go ahead and drink."

	Alex felt so much better now.  He had actually made love to Patty, true it
had been just a short time before he lost himself in her again, but he had done
with her, what he had never been able to do with anyone else.  He hadn't cum
until he was making love to her, had came inside of her.
	"You have me beat."  Randy kissed his shoulder, hands roaming his back.  "It
took Patty forever to get me to this point.  I do think that I might be just a
wee bit jealous."  He wet a single finger and began to tease him with it.  "My
turn, love.  I think you've spent enough time with Patty, I want to make love to
you."
	Alex just shuddered, pressing back against the finger that was pressing into
him.  "Would you spank me first?" So caught up with the feel of Randy's finger
in him, he didn't notice that as he rocked back and forth to meet it, he was
also still with Patty, who had wisely remained silent, and was beginning to make
love to her, again.
	"Spank you?  Why in the hell would I want to do that?  If I hurt you in any
way, not only would I feel bad, but our owners, they would see to it, that it
was me that they hurt, and hurt bad, baby."  He bent down to kiss the back of
Alex's neck.  "You like this?"  He smiled softly at Patty as Alex moaned his
answer.  "Good, Patty likes what you are doing too."
	Alex opened his eyes, finally becoming aware of what was going on around and
under him.  "Ah," he was doing it again.  Making love to her, and this time, he
wasn't losing himself almost the moment he was in her.  He had been in her to
begin with, and now, with her pressing up against him, and Randy pressing down
against him, he became lost, but this time, it was only in the joy of heated
flesh, and not in, his own overwhelming joy of orgasm.  "Please, spank me, hurt
me, please, I want you to."  If only this one who was teasing him, would make
him cry, then he would finally come alive.
	Randy looked up to where Jessy was busy with Danny and Mitch, holding him,
while Danny began to make love to him.  And then to Kris, who was, shyly
beginning to try to learn what it was like for a woman to make love to another
woman.  They both were busy, but he had to bother one of them, he and Patty,
they had a situation here, and with Alex sobbing, begging to please, spank him,
to make him cry, it was a situation that he felt they would be best able to help
him with.  *Mistress, forgive me for bothering you, but I think Alex is having a
problem. *  He kissed his shoulder, fingers thrusting even harder.
	Kris looked up from where she lay, caught between both Sally and Tracy. 
*What's wrong with him? *  Even though she knew that Alex wasn't Bobby's
anymore, she still felt she owed it to her old friend to take care of him.
	*He keeps asking me to spank him, to hurt him, to make him cry.  I tried to
tell him that I couldn't, that you and master would have my hide if I did.  But
he won't stop, what should I do? *
	Kris's laughter rang out through the room.  If Alex was begging someone to
hurt him already, then the guy was going to be fine.  *Take a look around his
neck, honey that's a collar.  He is a sub, a slave.  Go on and give him what he
is asking for.  I'm sure that Jessy and I will come up with a way to take care
of him later.  But for now, like Mitch is with Danny, if Alex is opening up to
you, let him. *
	*You want me to go ahead and spank him Mistress? *  Randy wasn't shocked, a
bit envious, maybe, but not shocked. He had known what that collar around Alex's
throat meant, the moment he saw it, had once a long time ago, before his master,
wore one as well.  But he thought that either his master or mistress would be
the one to order him, after all they owned him now.  Owned them all.
	This time, her laughter caught Jessy's attention.  *What's so funny, love? *
	*Nothing much, Randy is just figuring out what Alex is, and is freaking out. 
What, you been keeping that boy in the basement or something? *
	It took Jessy a few moments, lost as he was with Mitch crying with pleasure
as Danny was making love to him.  But finally he got his mind to work.  *About
what, the fact that one of our newest two, was a slave already before coming
here? *
	*Yes, Alex is begging him to hurt him, make him cry, and Randy is
dumbstruck. *
	Jessy just chuckled.  *Don't be too hard on the boy, cousin, I've never done
anything more than just hold him and make love to him.  He knows about D/s, was
or is as submissive as Alex apparently is. The main point here is he is a sub
already.  Just because I don't play that with him, doesn't mean he doesn't know
how.  He will do Alex no good.  Just tell my boy to hold on.  I'm almost through
with this one, I'll come over and help.  With two of them now, and one of them
lost as Alex is, it looks like I am going to have to start seeing to them,
because if I am willing to work my new Precious one over, Pet is going to expect
the same. *  Again Kris's laughter rang out through the room.
		*	*	*
	"What seems to be the problem, Pet?"  Jessy found this whole night almost
funny.  Now that he had both Mitch and Alex, this peaceful night was pretty much
shot.  He would have to bounce between both, back and forth for the next few
hours, when all he wanted to do was go back to Kris and spend the rest of the
night, in her arms.  'Oh well, Janis warned me, sooner or later, I would have to
explore Randy's emotional needs'.  He had just blown her off, he had figured, as
long as he never mentioned it to the kid, that with as afraid of Janis as Randy
was, the kid would never bring it up.  But here, now, with another, and this one
completely safe from his mother.  Now he would start to expect it.  He reached
down and caught the ring of Alex's collar, pulling his head up.  "What's wrong,
why are you crying, Precious?"
	Randy almost huddled against Patty.  "I didn't hurt him Master, I sweat I
didn't hurt him, he kept asking me too, but I didn't.  I wouldn't."
	"Ssshh, Pet, I know that.  He just didn't know you couldn't.  That is why
your mistress told you to just hold on until I got to you."  He looked back to
Alex, who he still had by the ring of the boy's collar.  "Don't carry on so,
Precious, my boy there, he might not have a pretty collar like you do, I never
got him one, but now with you here, I will have too, or he will pout.  He is
mine, I own him, he is like you, a collared slave."  Okay, so maybe he hadn't
completely blown his mother off when she warned him of this happening one day. 
He had spent time over the last more than seventeen years, studying, off and on,
for what his pet would ask of him when he finally got enough courage to risk
Janis's temper.  He just never thought it would happen like this.
	Randy looked at Jessy, from where Patty held him.  Had he heard his master
right.  Was he really that to him, did he consider Randy his 'collared' slave? 
"Master?"
	"You heard me right, Pet, I'll get you a collar, should have a long time
ago.  I'll get you both one.  But, no leather, I think you both will look good
in silver."  He smiled softly at Randy.  "And if I get the two of you one, I
might was well, get the rest one as well."  After almost twenty yeas, he was now
all for the sake of one of the two new ones that were brought here to help the
woman he loved, he was going to have to really become a master.
	"Master," they both moved forward to hold him.  Knocking him back, laughing
as he gathered them both to him.
	"Yeah, Master."  He pulled first Randy to him, kissing him, not near as
softly as he normally would, and then Alex, to taste his tongue as well.  "Okay,
Precious, what is wrong?"
	"You, you really are my Master?  You own me, will collar me as yours?"
	"Well, my Precious, boy, you do belong to me, you all do, and it's about
time I saw to it that you all know it."  Alex had such pretty blue eyes, he
always noticed the eyes first.  Mitch's had been such a deep brown, almost as
deep as Janis's were.  Kris's hazel with flecks of such a deep orange yellow,
that it looked to be gold.  Randy's was blue as well, but a darker, almost
midnight blue, where Alex's were as clear and true as he remembered the sky
being on a cloudless summers day.  He always noticed the eyes first.  He could
lose himself in any of his lover's eyes.  "Shall I prove it to you, Precious?"
	"Yes, please, Master," Randy didn't care what Alex had to say, he had waited
for so long to finally, really, lay under his master's hand.  He had been,
praying, for this day since the first night he discovered that he loved him.
	"Well then come on with me.  I'll take you both downstairs to my bed, and I
will give you both what you are begging for."  He waited only long enough for
them to pull away, to stand.  "Come here Precious."  He bent and lifted Alex. 
"You will be first, your mistress tells me you have been begging for this most
of the night."

	Randy knew this room, knew it very well, he had spent more than one day,
sleeping with his master here.   But now, he would learn a new and wonderful use
for it.  His master had brought them both here to finally learn, at last, just
how much he really owned them.
	"I know that I probably don't have all the things you both will need, but
I've been picking up a few things, here and there.  Both of you just curl up
here on the bed, and I'll be right back."
	Randy held Alex, as they both waited for what ever their master had planned
for them.  Yes he was excited, but he was just a little nervous too.  It had
been so long since last he had been where he was going to be now.  His master,
he had always been so gentle with him.  Never so much as raised a hand, no
matter what went on.  Even forgave Jake after he had lost his temper and hit
Sally, not one or twice, but three times.  Though he finally, after the last
time, had promised him that if he ever had to speak to him again about his
violent temper, that he would hurt him.  But Randy had never really believed
him, none of them had.  But now, if only he did what they both were hoping he
would do, things were going to change around here, and as far as Randy was
concerned, change for the better.

	Jessy stood in the door, with a thick, black leather paddle in his hand.  He
had donned a simple pair of black leather pants and a black leather vest.  He
never understood the need for costumes, but had his own version anyway.  Smiling
to himself as he watched the two on the bed, 'his two'.  And he began to believe
that he really should have gone to give Randy what he needed a long time ago. 
Because, if it was going to be as good as he was sure it would be, he would love
it.  He would see that they both loved it too.  Being a master wasn't going to
be near as difficult a thing as he had always believed it would be.  "You both
look absolutely delectable."  He moved to sit on the edge of his bed.
	"Good enough to eat, Master?"  Randy pulled away from Alex to go into
Jessy's arms.
	*You have always looked good enough to eat, Pet, I am sorry that it has
taken me this long to finally be able to show you just how much I love you. * 
Jessy lay the paddle to one side as he pulled Randy to him.  *Don't worry, Pet,
yes I love Kris, but you, I would die for.  Never forget that Pet, no matter who
I love, or how, I loved you first, and I will always love you. *  The complete
and utter submission in his boys kisses were a firm reminder of what he had
denied him for so long.  But no more, he would see to him, to both of them, and
in seeing to them, would at long last see to his own needs, even if he had not
known before this night that he had them.
	Alex looked first to where the two men sat, Randy draped over Jessy's lap,
so lost in the love that he felt for his master, then to the paddle that lay on
the bed.  What would his master do to him, would he make his cry, make him
scream?  Oh how he hoped so.  It had been so long since the last time he had
been pushed to the point of screaming.  "Master?"
	Jessy looked up from where he had been lost in Randy's surrender.  "Yes,
Precious?"  He gently eased Randy back onto the bed.
	'Precious', what a beautiful name, "you keep calling me that."  He blushed,
oh so prettily as Jessy gathered him close.
	"Well, so I do."  He couldn't help it, he just laughed at him.  "That is my
name for you now.  Randy, he's my most cherished Pet, and you are my sweet,
Precious boy."
	Randy threw himself at Jessy, with a sobbing cry.  He knew his master loved
him, but now.  "Master," he pulled his hair aside and exposing his throat. 
Offering himself, his very life to this man.
 	Jessy eased Alex to one side to pull Randy close.  Closing his eyes as the
painful pleasure as Randy's blood filled his mouth.  There was no way to
describe the total peace that he felt now.
	"Make love to me, Jessy."  He pressed his body against his.  "Please make
love to me."
	He cried out, crushing the boy to him.  Again he was lost for words, there
was no way that he could ever give words to what he was feeling.  Randy had
never used his given name before.  And the sound of it on his lips, the feeling
was so sharp, so intense that it was almost painful.
	Randy came at the first feel of a firm, but gentle hand on him.  He leaned
back into Jessy, sobbing.
	Jessy slowly pulled back onto the bed, turning their bodies so that there
was mattress under them.  "Lean forward, Pet."  He was up, stripping off his
pants the moment he let Randy go.
	He sobbed harder at the feel on hands on him, the smoothness of the finger
as it entered him.  But it wasn't until the feel of his master's fangs at his
throat, even as he felt his body enter his that he screamed with joy so
incredibly glorious.
	Jessy's eyes looked up as he was kissing the wounds, licking them closed. 
He noticed Alex watching them.  The boy was transfixed, stroking himself. 
"Pet," his hand touched him, his thrust caused him to gasp softly.  "Our
lovemaking, it seems to have ensnared my Precious."  Another, slow easy thrust. 
"Share this with him.  Be with him, even as I am with you."
	Thinking was so very hard, but Randy still fought for control.  "Dry,
Master?"
	"Trust me, Pet, when you go to share this with him, it won't be dry."  And
he sank his fangs back into his Randy's neck.
		*	*	*
	"Jessy," Randy pulled up from where he lay against his master.
	"You will never fully understand, how good my name sounds coming from you. 
Yes, Pet, what is it?"
	"Be my Master," 
	Jessy just chuckled.  "You know Pet, there are times you are far worse than
Danny could ever hope to be."  He sat up, stroking Alex's arm.  "You don't have
to worry Pet, I'm completely new to this, and Precious is very lost right now. 
So I only brought the paddle.  Nothing more, but first let me see to Precious's
binding to me.  As you well know, once he drinks from me, he will be less
fragile.  And even though, tonight will be very light indeed, I have such plans
for you both, that as fragile as he is now, he would never be able to hold up
under them."
	"By all means, Master, fix it so he isn't fragile."  Randy snickered softly. 
"I've only waited for the last eighteen years for you to come up with something
for me, I can wait another day."
	"Don't worry, Pet."  Jessy tore at his wrist, pressing to Alex's mouth, eyes
closing at the feel of Alex pulling at him.  "Though, I only plan to tease you
tonight, you will begin to be mine, sooner than you think."

	"Now listen to me, both of you."  He felt more than just a bit smug, as they
both pressed against him.  "Pet, lay back, I am going to give Precious what he
begged from you."  He squeezed Alex.  "And you Precious, blow my boy there, I
will paddle you until he cums."  Then to Randy, "Pet, take your time, enjoy what
I am giving you."
	"You know I will."  Randy pressed his head to the bedspread.  "I'm yours,
you know that.  Anything you give me, I will enjoy it."
	Jessy watched as Randy moved to lay back on the pillows.  "Okay, Precious,
you know what to do.  I will spank you until my boy, there cums in your mouth. 
So it is all up to you, sweetheart.  Your spanking can last as long or as short
as you can make it."  He kissed him lightly.  "But know this, Precious, the
longer it takes for you to get my boy off, the harder I will spank you.  Tell
me, Precious, what, if any, safeword do you use?"
	"Black Rose, Master, why?"
	"Black rose, hu, well the new one for you and Pet will be Armageddon. 
Remember that, baby, if you can.  And use it if you must.  I only want to hear
you cry, I do not want to hurt you badly."  He kissed him again.  "But if you
can't remember it, at least I know now, what you have known as the safety word
for so long."  He stood, paddle in hand as Alex moved to begin to please Randy. 
	The crack of the paddle against his upturned buttocks drowned out his moan
of pleasure at the first blow.  And with the second, Alex began to believe that
his master understood.
	Alex had his wish, as he tasted Randy's cum, swallowing it as he came
himself for the third time.  He had wanted to be made to cry.  And cry he was
doing.  It hurt so much, the hard crack of the paddle against the heated flesh
of his ass, but the pain was so good.  "Master," he near screamed as the blow
flattened him into the bed.  "Black, no Armageddon."  Would his master stop, or
would he be forced to take his pain to the next level.
	"Ssshh, Precious, it's okay baby, I told you to use that word if you had to. 
See, no more."  He pulled him close, tisking over the heat of the younger mans
skin.  "Here, baby, you are still too tender, to fragile."  Again he offered
Alex his bloody wrist to drink from.
	Randy came up to Jessy, as Alex was the one that lay before them.  "Yes,
Master?"
	"Same thing Pet, Precious was so sweet, his cries drove me mad, shall we see
if yours will do the same?"
	"But, Master," he wanted to feel what Alex had felt, and he knew that with
as quick as his new friend would lose himself to the pleasure, it would be over
all too soon.
	"Three times, Pet, I will see you tested until Precious has came in your
mouth, three times.  Even with as easily as it is to please my boy, after all he
has been through so far, getting him to cum three more times will take you time. 
Same word, Armageddon, remember it."
	"Yes, Master."  'Three times'  hell, he could be here all night if he played
his cards right.
*     *     *
	Hours later, when Jessy finally decided to call it a night. He had seen to
it that both Mitch and Alex were now and forever his, and through him, Kris's. 
Made sure that they both were happy, and would sleep out the day, in Mitch's
case, with Danny, and Alex's, trapped between Randy and Patty.  Speaking of
Randy, he was as happy now, as Alex ever could be, after years of waiting, he
was really a slave again.  "See you at sunset."  He lifted Alex's head by the
ring in his collar again, so he could kiss him.  "Sleep well Precious.  This is
your new life now, go to bed, knowing that.  I will always take care of you."
	Kris was fussing over Mitch, as he leaned against his, 'new friend'  "Take
care of him for me, Danny.  He might not be quite as lost as Jessy says you were
back when he had to take your will, but he's still lost."
	Danny only laughed at her.  "Mistress, he will be just fine.  All we are
going to do is go to sleep.  We'll play against tomorrow night, how hurt can he
possibly get, sleeping?"
	Kris just smiled at him, touching his cheek.  "I don't know honey, not at
all, I hope."  Mitch had been very quiet for the last hour or so, since she and
Jessy had shared him.  With Mitch making love to her, while Jessy did the same
with him.  Jessy had, sworn to her that by the time Mitch finally woke up, he
would be happy here.  Kris only prayed he was right.  She felt bad enough
already, knowing what Alex would go through, once he woke up, but Mitch, if he
hated it here, she didn't know what she would do.  "You get some sleep, okay,
Mitch.  I'll see you soon.  But I have to go with Jessy right now, it's almost
morning, and I am even less a morning person, now, than I used to be.  So you
just curl up with Danny here and get some sleep."
	"Mistress, don't you want me to be with you?"  He held on to her, not
wanting to lose her again.
	"It's okay Butch, she's only going to bed, to sleep."  Jessy smiled at him,
just the barest hint of his fangs in that smile.  "You don't want to see us when
we sleep, do you honey?  I don't want to scare you, and lying beside us, while
we are out, I'm afraid that would.  So best you run upstairs with Little One,
and get some sleep.  I'll have her back up here at nightfall."  He continued to
smile as Danny gently began to pull him from Kris.  "Tomorrow night, I will call
a friend of mine, he's one of us, and he will see to it that I get the collar's
I am going to need, not just for Pet and Precious, but for the rest of you too. 
My two boys have reminded me how much I need to let you all know how much you
mean to me," he smile deepened as he looked at Kris, who was filling his arms. 
"Mean to us, now go on and get some sleep, We'll see you all after the sun goes
down."
		*	*	*
	Bobby hadn't slept a wink.  The sun was coming up, and still no word from
Alex.  'Where are you baby?'  He was so worried.  He had this horrible feeling
that he would never see his husband again.  And that frightened him more than he
wanted to admit.  Alex had been with him for the last five years.  Had worn his
collar for almost as long.  He loved him.  And know that Alex loved him in
return.  It was that, love that, he was counting on to help him get through this
nightmare, but without Alex, his nightmare was just beginning.




Children Of the Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 7
	It had been ten days since Alex had disappeared.  Bobby hadn't heard a word
from him.  The police were as much help trying to locate his husband as they had
been looking for Kris.  Which was to say none at all.  It didn't help his fear's
any to know that Mitch had turned up missing as well.  No he didn't think that
the two of them had taken off together.  He knew Alex too well for that, and
besides, as cute as Mitch was, he was still just a little straight boy.  No he
didn't think the two of them disappeared together to run off for a couple of
days to hide away in some motel room and fuck, though it would hurt a whole lot
less, if they had.  At least that way, he would know that Alex was alive.
	He believed in his soul that yes they had disappeared together, but not for
any purely adulterous reason.  He believed that who ever took Kris, was coming
back to get who ever was closest connected to her, and when who ever it was,
when they took Mitch, Alex had just been there, and was taken too to keep him
silent.  But why, if what he believed was true, and Kris was already dead, would
anyone come back for Mitch?  The questions kept running around in his head, over
and over again.  Questions that he had no answers for.
	He continued to open the diner, though his heart wasn't in it.  He'd go to
work, then come home and sit in the dark of their bedroom and cry
		*	*	*
	"Please, Master, I have to call Bobby.  I won't tell him anything, but he
has to know that I'm still alive.  He's already mourning mistress, don't let him
think that I am dead too."
	Alex had woken the night before, clear headed and fully aware of what was
going on around him.  And had been at both Jessy and Kris, almost non-stop, ever
since.  He had to make them understand, yes he loved them, no he didn't ever
want to leave, but Bobby didn't deserve to live the rest of his life, always
wondering what happened to him.  His parents the same.
	"But, Precious, it will break his heart.  You will have to tell him you left
him.  Isn't it just better if he never knows the truth?"  Jessy had tried
without much success to get the boy to let it go.
	"Better he think I left him, than I am dead."  Alex was frantic.  "Please,
Mistress, please, he thinks you're dead already.  Then Mitch and I, we just
vanished.  Please, try to understand, I have to call him."
	"Mistress?" Mitch touched her hand.  "Krissy, he's right, Bobby was willing
to put a mortgagee on the diner to come up with the extra reward money for
anyone who knew anything about your whereabouts."
	Kris just nodded.  "You both are right, Jessy, he has to call.  So many
people are hurt because of me already.  If Bobby knows that Alex is alive and
safe, he can get over the fact that Alex is leaving him."  She reached out to
take his hand.  "He's ours, Jess, he wears our collar.  What could it hurt, if
we let him tell Bobby that he isn't his anymore."
	Jessy wanted to argue that it would hurt Alex, but he knew his boy was
hurting already.  At least now he could help Kris to get him over the pain of
having to finally tell his lover that he had left him.  "Okay, but be very
careful what you tell him.  He's not to think you went anywhere against your
will.  You have to make him believe that it was your choice."  He knew how
dangerous the phone call was, Alex wasn't lost anymore, and he controlled his
own mind again.  He could say anything, or start to, and having to silence him
before he could say where he was, would do nothing but cause trouble.  He had
only lived in this house for the past year, wanted to stay here for many more
years to come, but if the call went wrong, he would have to take all that he
held dear and run.
	"Blame it on me Precious, you're here because of me, tell him that it was
just all too much for you, Bobby knows how sensitive you are, he'll believe
that.  Tell him that you just couldn't live with the constant question over your
head.  That you needed a man that could devote his time to you, and not to the
memory of a dead girl."
	Jessy shook his head.  "No, that won't do cousin.  If our boy here wants to
make a clean break, he's going to have to get this guy to hate him.  I know if
one of mine had high tailed it out of where ever I was living, and call later,
if he or she, was only blaming their flight on the fact that they couldn't deal
with all the emotions that were around me at that time.  I'd still think that
sooner or later, when everything calmed down, that they would come back to me. 
But if they, told, me that they were finished with me.  That I didn't give them
something that they needed.  That they thought me a failure at what I did.  Then
I not only could let them go I would hate the very ground they walked on.  I
know it's ugly, but if he wants to let his mortal lover know that he is well,
and doesn't want anything more to do with him, that is how he is going to have
to do it."  He didn't know this man, but he had in the last ten days come to
respect him, mortal or no, for what he meant to so many in his home.  "That is
what I meant, Precious, when I told you this would break his heart."
	Alex nodded.  "I understand Master, thank you."  Yes, he would have to make
Bobby hate him.  But better he hated him, and just went on with his life, than
the endless uncertainty. 
	"I guess I never knew how lucky I was when Janis insisted that my number be
unlisted."  He took the cordless and handed it to Alex.  "Do you have any idea
where he is?"
	"Yes, Master, he is probably at home, we always stayed home on Sundays, the
diner was closed, and I didn't work the weekends.  So we always stayed home on
Sundays."  He wouldn't cry, not now, later, after he made the one man, other
than his master, he really loved, hate him, he would cry, but not now.
	The answering machine picked up, Alex listened to the silly message that he
and Bobby had made for it.  "Bobby, if you're there, and just screening the
phone, this is Alex, I need to talk to you, please pick up."  There was a moment
of silence, then "Hi Bobby," he closed his eyes at the sound of the worry in the
man's voice.  "Yeah, I know, I should have called sooner, but I, I couldn't." 
Again he listened to words of forgiveness, of understanding, "Bobby, I need to
tell you something."  He made an exasperated sound, as again Bobby was talking. 
"Look, I don't love you.  I haven't loved you in I don't know how long, and now,
I just can't deal with the fact that you are too busy worrying about everyone
else, but me.  I tired, but you never got the hint.  I need a man, a real man. 
One that isn't worried if, I, scream too much.  Doesn't care if he hurts me just
a little.  I didn't want to do this, but my master, says that it is only right
that I tell you that he now owns me, fully and completely.  It's his collar I
wear, he didn't want you to think I just fell off the face of the earth.  But to
be honest, Robert, I don't think you would care if I did.  You are always just
too busy with other things.  So now you can deal with all those things that were
so much more important to you than I was."  He looked as if he was in agony. 
"No, damnit, I don't know where Mitch is, as far as I know he's off somewhere
laughing at you.  I don't know.  I left my car where you could find it, it's
yours anyway, the rest of my stuff the same.  I just want to forget you."  He
held out the phone, as Bobby began to yell at him.  "Please, Master, I can't do
this."  He looked so lost, so hurt, begging with his eyes as he held out the
phone to Jessy.
	Jessy growled as he took the phone.  Listening at the man rant.  "Look, I
had my boy call you, I thought you should know he was alive.  I don't know what
you did to him, or should I say 'didn't' do for him, but he's mine now.  I'll
have him mail your collar back to you.  He doesn't need it anymore."  And he
hung up the phone, feeling like a monster, as Alex just fell into Kris's arms
crying.  "I'm sorry, Precious, you have no idea how sorry I am."
		*	*	*
	Bobby hung up the phone.  He was numb.  Alex had left him, he had been so
wrong.  No one had taken Alex from him.  The little lying tramp had waited until
the worst possible moment to walk out on him.  Some other guy had him now, and
Bobby felt sorry for who ever it was.  Alex could get under your skin, convince
you that he loved you, and then.  He reached for the kitchen cabinet where he
kept the whiskey, poured his a healthy glass, and just walked into the living
room, to sit and drink.  Alex had left him, didn't love him, his whole entire
world had just crashed and burned.
		*	*	*
	Jessy tried to get Alex to talk to him, but the mortal was inconsolable.  He
should have never let him make that phone call.  He had known it was a bad idea
from the start, but he let not only Alex but also Kris and Mitch, as well, talk
him into it.  *So cousin, any bright ideas what to do with him now? *
	*Don't take that tone with me.  Do you think I like seeing him like this,
anymore than you do? *  She made soothing noises while she rocked him.  Jessy
didn't know Alex, like she did, he didn't understand why, painful or not, he had
to contact Bobby.  Had to let him know that he was still alive.
	*No love, I didn't mean it that way, I really meant, what are we going to do
with him now? *
	*I don't know.  I've never owned anyone before, much less dealt with a
heartbroken slave. *
	*Should I take his will again, get him past this that way? *
	*I don't know, Jess, probably.  He was happier when he didn't have to deal
with all of this.  Maybe this time, you can get him to the point that when he
finds his way back again, it won't do to him, what it is doing to him now.  Just
please, try to be as gentle with him as you can be.  Your mother might be a
bitch, but she knew how to take will without the whole identity going too. *
	*I can't make any promises that he won't be lost for a while, you know I
can't.  Believe it or not, if Marcus had been able protect yours, he would have. 
And he was a good almost two hundred and fifty years older than, I am. *  Jessy
knelt infront of Kris, who was holding Alex as he fell apart.  "Alex?"  He
reached out and lifted the boy's head, so he could catch his eyes.  "I'm sorry,
Precious.  I didn't know what talking to him was going to do to you."
	"I made him hate me Master.  He knows I'm alive, but now, he hates me."
	"I know, let me let you hide from all of this for a while.  I promise when
you wake back up, I'll have seen to it that it won't hurt you like it is now."
	"No, please, Master, I'll stop.  Don't take my mind from me again.  I'll
stop, I promise."
	"Precious, I can't leave you like this.  You can't just stop what you feel. 
I won't let anyone hurt you while you are lost again.  I didn't the first time,
and I won't now."
	"Please," Alex couldn't pull away, Jessy's bright green eyes seemed to
swallow him whole.  "Please, Master."
	*I have to, Precious, just go back to sleep for just a time.  Let your mind,
sleep for just a little while.  I'll protect your heart and soul.  But your
mind, it has to rest for now, I promise, Precious, it will be only just a little
while. *
	The horrified pain in Alex's eyes as he grasped that 'yes', his master was
taking his will again before the spark of awareness, died, almost drove Jessy to
tears.

	"Master?" Alex's soft voice was full of confusion as he looked into Jessy's
face and saw the pain there.
	Jessy pulled him close, "ssshh, Precious, it's going to be okay now."
	"Master, what's wrong?"  A timid query, "has this one, has he been bad?"
	Before Jessy had a chance to assure Alex, that no, he had done nothing
wrong, Jake's bitter laugh cut through the room.  "Wonderful, now he's as stupid
as he looks."  He snorted.  "Bad enough that thanks to him, we all get stuck,
wearing these," he pulled at the collar around his throat.  "But now, we're
going to have spend the next week walking around him on eggs shells so we don't
upset the poor thing."
	Jessy looked up at him.  "Get out of here.  I don't have time to deal with
you right now, but shut up and get out of here.  Precious isn't the one that put
that collar around your throat, I am.  So if you want to make any snide
comments, save them for me."  He gently lifted Alex, and passed him to Randy and
Patty, who took him, making the same soothing noises as the master had been
making.
	"You're going to have to do something about Jake, and soon."  Kris snarled
as she watched the man storm from the room.  "He's already, since I moved in
here, been nasty with me, you, and I won't even go into how he has been treating
not only Mitch and Alex, but Sally and Danny as well.  I think the only reason
he hasn't gotten in Tracy's face so far, is the fact that Patty and Randy both
would kill him.  But if he doesn't cool his jets, I'm going to be the one that
does him in."
	Jessy looked up at her.  "He's been being ugly to who?"  Jake had always
been his problem child, but he had always counted on his fear of Randy, and what
his boy could do to him, to keep him in line, but now.
	"Don't worry about it Master, I was going to law school, one of the first
requirements was I had to develop a very thick skin."  Mitch, who sat on the
couch, with Danny curled up next to him commented.  "I think Alex and I,
threaten him, how I don't know, but we do."
	"How long has this been going on?  Why didn't any of you tell me he was
getting out of line again?"
	"Since about the third night that Alex and Mitch have been here, the night
you collared us all."  Randy just stroked Alex's hair as he and Patty held him. 
"As for why no one said anything, he didn't touch them, if he had, I'd have been
the first one to bring it to your attention the moment you and mistress got up,
and that would be after I beat him to a bloody pulp.  He's only making ugly
comments so far.  And Alex made me promise, made us all promise, not to bother
you or mistress with them."  He tried to reassure the man.  "You don't pry, and
as long as it wasn't too bad, we all agreed that we could deal with it."
	"He was nasty to them, while they were still lost?"  Jessy couldn't believe
what he was hearing.  "And you didn't tell me?"
	"With as lost as they were, Master, I didn't dare.  You were trying so very
hard to get them both to trust you.  And I knew how you would react if I did. 
Danny knew it too, so we all talked, and came to the decision that unless Jake
got physical with any of them, it would just be better to deal with him
ourselves.  You trashing him, wouldn't have done anything to further your goal
at seeing to it that when they finally woke up, they were okay with living
here."  He looked down, not sure if the decision that they all had made, was a
good one anymore.  "I'm sorry Master, I just didn't want you to throw away all
that you and mistress were doing to see to it that it all worked out."
	"Danny had commented to me once, that he was a little worried about what
Jake was saying to him and Mitch, but I figured that it was only words, and as
long as we were able to undo their damage, it wasn't worth worrying about.  But
it's getting to the point that I am tired of having to fix what he breaks." 
	Jessy growled.  "None of you had the right to decide for yourselves, what to
tell us and not tell us.  Kris you either.  Jake is my problem, you should have
brought this to me the moment you heard anything about the way he was behaving. 
Danny, Little One, I can't believe you, of all of the ones that I have here,
decided to hide this from me."
	The boy looked down at his hands.  He had known that his master wouldn't be
happy if he found out what was going on, but he didn't think that his master
would do anything more than just fuss at him, but now, watching Jessy, he
realized, his master was really mad at him.  "I'm sorry Master, I agreed with
Randy, if you found out how Jake was behaving to them, you might do something
that would hurt Jake.  I was told that you had warned, him, last time he hit
Sally, that if he ever got violent with any of us, ever again, you would.  And
while they were lost, words hurt as much as fists, you would have hurt Jake, and
that would have hurt Alex and Mitch."
	Jessy knew berating them was a waste of time.  They had meant well.  "I know
you all had the best intentions, when you decided this, but kids, you have to
remember the old saying, the road to hell is paved with good intentions.  Yes, I
might have hurt Jake, I don't know, I wasn't given the chance to make that
decision.  But if you had come to me, told me what was going on, pointed out
that with Mitch and Alex lost as they had been at the time, anything I did to
correct the problem probably wouldn't have been violent.  I think I could have
come up with a way to settle Jake, without taking a piece of his hide.  But now,
he thinks he can talk to any of you pretty much any way he wants to, doesn't
care that without your will, you are completely defenseless, and that just can't
go on.  The last time Precious's mind was put to sleep, my mother had done it. 
So he wasn't quite as far-gone as he is right now.  Butch either, but now, damn
him."  He got up and left the room, heading in the same direction Jake had gone.
	"The master, he is mad."  Alex whispered to Randy and Patty.  "Is he mad at
this one?"
	"No, Precious, he's mad at us, you didn't do anything wrong.  Just lay back
and don't worry about it.  Jessy might be mad, but he won't hurt any of you.  I
won't let him."  Kris got up, following the direction Jessy had just headed out
for.  She had no idea what he was going to do now, but if it was going to be
ugly, best she go and see if she could keep him from really losing his temper. 
Yes, Jake was a pain in the ass, and if there ever was someone more in need of
getting his ass stomped into the ground, she had yet to meet him.  But the rest,
were right, if Jessy lost him temper now, and did to him what he should, then
Alex would suffer for it.
		*	*	*
	Jake looked up, alarmed as Jessy stormed into the kitchen.  "Master?"  He
had never seen his master so mad.  Not even when he had pinned him to a wall the
last time he had lost his temper.
	"Damn you," he struck the boy, knocking him back halfway across the room. 
"How stupid are you, Jake?"  He reached down, and grabbed the boy as he was
trying to back pedal away from him.  "I thought I made myself real clear last
time you gave me problems.  But no," he slammed him into the wall, hitting him
again.  "What is it going to take to get through to you Jake?  No one hurts one
of those I love, I don't care who they are."
	"No, please," he was going to kill him, Jake saw it in his eyes, the cold,
unforgiving fury.  That fury frightened him even more than the lack of humanity
in Jessy's face.  He was going to kill him, he had pushed his luck just one time
too many, and now he was going to die.  "Please, Master, if you're gonna to kill
me, please do it, quick."  He wouldn't beg, wouldn't humiliate himself like the
others for this man.  He knew eventually, sooner or later, that this would be
his death, but he always figured that if Randy didn't beat him to death for his
mouth, his master would turn him over to Janis, and she would see he died.
	"Jessy, don't."  Kris stood in the doorway.  "Please, not now, not like
this.  Why do you think the others didn't want you to know what he had been up
to.  They knew you would react like this."
	"He can't be allowed to keep hurting people."  Jessy didn't want to listen
to her, he wanted to pound the mortal boy's head into the wall until something
either broke, or he could get his point across.
	"No, you're right, he can't, but trashing him, that won't prove your point. 
All that will do is end up making Alex afraid of you.  You've worked too long,
pushed, too hard to get them to trust not only you, but me too, and that was
after I almost killed Danny.  Don't throw all that away, not because of him." 
She slowly reached out, to pry his fingers from around Jake's throat.  "You
don't kill, remember that, 'you don't kill'."
	Jake fell to the floor as Jessy let him go.  He wouldn't kill him.  He
didn't know if that was a good thing or not, but good or no, he wouldn't kill
him.  "Thank you, Mistress."  He whispered, rubbing his neck just below the
collar he wore.
	"Shut up Jake, I'm not doing this for you."  She put herself between the two
men.  "As far as I'm concerned, Jessy should have trashed you the first time he
caught you hitting not only a girl, but someone that had no chance against you. 
But he didn't, and now, he doesn't dare."  She turned her back on him, giving
all her attention to the man that had been so helpful to her so far.  Who had
done all he could to see that she began to try living again.  "Please, Jess, he
needs to be taught a lesson, yeah, but not like this."
	He nodded.  "Okay, Kris, I won't hurt him, anymore.  But I have to do
something.  He hurt not only my boy but yours as well and they had still been
lost when he did it.  If I don't get through to him now, there is no telling
what he's going to do next."
	"If it were almost anyone else, I'd say you probably had made your point,
but Jake, I don't know, Sally and Tracy have been telling me what kind of an
asshole he can be.  So I just don't know."  Then she stopped, a slow, evil,
smile playing over her lips.
	Jessy looked at her, he felt his gut knot at that smile, "What?"
	"How long can you take his will?"
	Jessy just chuckled, "girl, that is mean, deserved, but mean.
	"How long?"
	"Permanently, I have to go out of my way to be extra careful not to destroy
any chance for them to wake up.  As long as you think would be needed.  So,
what, my evil little cousin, do you think we should do with him?"
	"Evil, you calling me evil?" She hit him.  "I'm not the one that was about
to use his guts for guitar strings."
	"I wasn't going to kill him Kris, beat the shit out of him, let he see what
it felt like when someone bigger, stronger, and meaner than he was, decided to
make his life hell, but I wasn't going to kill him.  You were right when you
said; I don't kill.  I haven't killed in close to a hundred years.  I have long
since lost the taste for it."
	"If it wasn't for Alex, I'd say knock yourself out.  But the reason they
didn't tell you was because, if you did that, it would hurt Alex.  He's already,
had, to have his mind put to sleep because he feels like he's hurt someone.  If
he saw Jake, after you finished with him, he would think that was all his fault
too."
	Jake didn't move, could barely breath.  They were going to take his mind,
make him as mindless as Alex was, and then.  "Please, I'm sorry, I swear, I
won't ever do it again, just, don't."
	"So, baby, what do you think I should do to see that this sort of thing
never happens again?"  He grabbed Jake, pulling him up to hang in his hands
again.
	"Don't destroy his mind, you want him to find his way back, eventually, but
this time when he does, you want him to fully appreciate the fact that he has a
mind left.  We were so careful not to hurt either Mitch or Alex while their
minds were sleeping, but this time, we won't have to worry or care.  I don't
like men who hit women, like them even less when they get they jollies by
picking on what, for all intents and purposes is the mentally handicapped.  So,
if you do to him, what you did to Danny, and Alex.  And then don't go out of
your way to make sure that he is protected, cared for, and loved while his mind
is lost, by the time you let him find his way back again, he should have a
better understanding of what he did.  Then if he does it again, you won't have
to kill him, because I will."
	"Before I do that, I want him to know, I don't claim him anymore, he is not
one of mine.  And if he does die, while lost, I won't care."  He turned, pulling
Jake with him.  "Hold him for me for a second, Kris."  He waited only long
enough to make sure she had her hands on Jake, before reaching up, and grabbing
the collar at his throat in both hands, and ripping it from him.  "Complain that
I now made you wear a collar, well you won't anymore.  Didn't like the fact that
I was willing to lay claim to you, use it as a physical symbol that I loved you
and would care for you, so be it.  I don't love you, and I won't care for you,
and before I take you back, you will know what it feels like to be truly alone. 
By the time I get ready to call you back, put my collar on you again, you will
want it, beg for it, and will never do anything to risk losing it again."
	"No, please no," Jake struggled in Kris's grip.  "I'm sorry, please, I'm
sorry."  He cried as Jessy grabbed his face between his hands and forced him to
look at him.  He closed his eyes, wouldn't let them do this to him.  He would
rather die than be like that.
	He screamed as he felt Jessy's fingers pry his eyes open.  But the scream
was short lived as suddenly everything stopped.  It was like someone had flicked
a switch in his mind, and turned him off.
	Jessy let him go stepping back as Jake hit the floor, huddling there,
whimpering. 
	"You finished with him?"  Kris looked down at the wretched thing that was
curled up on the floor before her.
	"Yeah, baby girl, I am.  He will be like that until I go to wake his mind
again, and then it will be a good two or three weeks before he finally finds his
way back.  I wasn't as gentle with him as I had been with Little One or
Precious."
	She nodded stepping away from the man on the floor.  "No, I don't guess you
would be.  Don't let how he looks now get to you Jess, he has been asking for
this for if what I've been told about him is true, a long time.  Will do him
good to learn what it feels like to be the helpless one for a change."
	"Oh, I don't feel bad for him, a little sick of him, but not bad for what I
did to him.  You're right, he has been asking for this for a real long time. 
Should have taken care of his problem the first time I caught him beating Sally
up, but I didn't want to look like the bad guy.  So I just warned him, and
warned him, and warned him.  It's my fault the he was in as bad a shape as he
had been.  If I had put a stop to it years ago, he wouldn't have decided that he
could do what he did."
	"Well, finish up with him, I'm hungry and I would just as soon know that
when I went back and decided to give into my hunger, and all that comes with it,
we didn't have to worry about him anymore."
	Jessy nodded.  "Get up."  The tone he used with Jake, he had never used on
anyone in his house before.  But then again, he never had to.  It looked like,
want too or not, he would have to change a lot of the ways he was going to be
with them from here on out.  Not only in his willingness to give both Randy and
Alex what they needed, but also in how he dealt with those that had broken the
rules of his home. 
	He waited until Jake got to his feet.  "Okay, you listen to me.  You are
nothing, you threw away any chance you had for being anything, so now, you are
nothing.  I would call you dog, but your mistress has a bad habit of being a
bitch at times, and I really think my comparing you to her would only piss her
off.  You are nothing not even a slave anymore, I'd just throw you out with the
rest of the trash, but when I saved your life I became responsible for you.  And
I don't know what would happen if you had to live without me."  And he didn't. 
So far, he hadn't heard what happens to mortals that had drunk vampire blood,
who had to try to live without it.  And as ticked as he was at Jake, he didn't
want to find out, in case it was ugly.  He would punish him for a while, for
what he had done, then forgive him and take him back.  Because if trying to live
without his blood was not possible, and Jake died, then it would be as if he had
killed him.
	"Yes, Master," Jake's voice was soft, he didn't dare speak above a whisper,
his master, he had told him he was nothing, and nothing could become trash very
easily.
	"I won't touch you again, or at least no more than I have too, to see to it
that you don't run the risk of dying.  But trust me, you will be fucked and
fucked often.  And that is all you will be.  Fucked, no one would dream of
making love to something as worthless as you.  And each time you get fucked, it
will be the first time, it will hurt like the first time," he stopped.  "No, it
will hurt worse than you could ever imagine anything ever hurting like.  It
doesn't matter who touches you, it will hurt, even if one of the girls here
decide that they are going to take pity on you, it will hurt."
	"Yes, Master," he began to cry.  He was nothing, and nothing he would stay,
and now, he could imagine a lot of pain, so what was worse, "Will my master see
to it that this nothing, will you make it scream a lot?  Please, Master, nothing
is sorry, please don't do this to nothing."
	"He's got a point Jess, if you send him out like he is right now, and it
hurt like you said it would.  He's going to upset a lot of people when he
cries."  Kris almost felt sorry for him, almost, but not quite.  After what she
had lived through, the hell that was her past, she figured, anything short of
death was only Jake's just rewards.  But even though he was only getting what he
deserved, the others they had here, they would end up upset and tore up over
Jake's new life.  And that was something she didn't want to happen.  That was
why she had stepped in to stop Jessy from trashing him to begin with.

	Jessy shook his head.  "No, no one is going to get upset, Nothing won't
scream, in fact Nothing will beg for it, every time, no matter how much it hurts
Nothing, Nothing will want it."  He had no idea how much of what he was saying
to Jake would be remembered ten minutes from now, but he was going to begin his
punishment.  "Nothing wears no clothes, Nothing, always wants to be fucked, will
keep his worthless piece hard.  I can't believe I let, Nothing, ever touch me,
well no matter, Nothing never will again."
	"Jessy, you can't ask him to keep it up forever, he's gotta cum eventually." 
Kris tried to reason with him.  Yes she wanted to see this jerk pay, but she was
beginning to worry that Jessy was taking it too far.
	"Oh he will baby girl, and every time he does, it will hurt just as much as
when one of our bunch fucks him.  All he will know is pain for a long time, and
he wants to feel pain, don't you, Nothing?"
	"Damn, Jessy," Kris just laughed as Jake nodded vigorously as he began to
strip.  "Now your boys they will be upset with you because that Nothing as you
call him, is going to get what they aren't."
	"I won't ever do to either of them what I'm doing to this thing.  They might
like pain, but I just don't think they would like the pain that, Nothing, is
going to want from here on.  Besides, I would never do to anyone I love what I
am doing to him."
	*Lover, lighten up just a little on him, you keep this up, and he's going to
end up killing himself because he will think that is the only way to earn your
forgiveness.  And I thought we were trying to keep from killing him here. *
	He nodded watching as Jake, in total misery began to masturbate.  "It's okay
baby, Nothing, knows eventually, he will be forgiven, don't you?"  Kris was
right, he didn't realize when he started this that he was as angry at Jake as he
was.  But he had to tone it down just a little, or he would do just what she had
warned him of.  And he didn't want Jake to die, angry as he was at the fool, he
didn't want him to die.
	"Why Master, why would you ever forgive, Nothing, Nothing, doesn't deserve
your forgiveness."
	"Awe, come on Jess, throw him a bone."  She didn't realize how pathetic he
would be like this.
	"Nothing, doesn't deserve forgiveness now, that is true, but he will earn
it.  That is one of the many plusses that living forever gives me, I will in
time forgive, Nothing."
		*	*	*
	The room was silent as they returned, Jake following behind Jessy, still
working on his erection.  No one said a word, but the question was very heavy in
the air as they took in Jake's nakedness and lack of collar.  "Now, Kris, go on,
I know you have to be starving.  Thanks for helping, with our little problem." 
He nodded to Danny and Mitch.  Moving to where Randy and Patty still sat,
holding Alex.  "Don't worry about Jake anymore, he, is, Nothing and is going to
be Nothing for quite some time."  He sat by Patty, and pulled her into his lap. 
"Everything okay Girl?"
	She nodded smiling.  "Pet and Precious have calmed down a lot.  There for a
while I was beginning to worry, but everything seems to have mellowed out."  She
took his bloody wrist and brought it to her mouth.  It had been several days
since last her master had shared his blood with her, but now, if only he would
share his love with her as well, she would be truly happy.
	"What happened to Jake?"  Danny pressed Kris back against Mitch.
	"Jessy is punishing him for all that he's been doing for the last several
years, and not just for what he did to Mitch and Alex, but to you, and Sally as
well.  It's going to be a while before he lets him find himself again.  But
don't you, dare, feel sorry for him.  He deserves this.  The only reason your
master didn't beat the shit out of him, was it would upset too many of you here,
and the odds of him finally getting a clue from one beating, is very slim.  So
he'll be like he is right now for a while, so don't worry about him, have fun at
his expense just, don't, kill him."  She tilted Danny's head to one side,
pushing his collar down so she could feed from him.  Crisis over, she was in the
mood for some serious TLC.




Children of the Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 8

	Bobby picked up the collar that he had gotten in the mail two months ago. 
He still couldn't believe that Alex had left him.  That everything he had been
telling him over the years that they had been together was a lie.  It had been
almost six months since the phone call, and he still couldn't believe it.  Not
even when he got the package in the mail, and held the collar that he had given
him back when he first submitted to him.  It still was like a bad dream.  The
words still echoed in his mind, he didn't love him, hadn't loved him for a long
time.  That he had found another, one that could and would give him what he
needed.  That hurt the most.  That he had failed to give him what he needed. 
Failed as a Dom. 
		*	*	*
	Tracy lay on the couch, curled up next to Mitch as they waited for Kris and
Jessy to come 'alive' this evening.  He had spent the day sleeping with her,
because Danny had finally taken it in his head to deal with Jake.  Mitch just
hadn't wanted to be there.  It was one thing to actively love a man, quite
another when that man was like Jake was right now.  She hadn't minded.  Jake had
been Sally's, poor girl, Patty had always been wedged firmly between her master
and Randy.  And Danny, he was a sweet enough guy and all, but he just really
didn't do anything for her.  "You're awful quiet tonight Mitch."  She brushed a
stray lock of hair from his brow.
	"Sorry, but, I just don't feel good tonight.  Must be something I ate."  He
muttered.  "Chinese sometimes messes with me."
	She sat up, looking at him closely.  "Don't feel good, how?"
	He shrugged, "I'm not sure how to describe it.  I hurt, but not really, I
almost want to say I'm hungry, but that isn't right either, I don't think I
could eat right now if my life depended on it."  He shrugged.  "Like I said,
must have been something I ate."
	Tracy shook her head, she had waited only twice when she had first become
part of this house to accept her masters offer of blood.  And she had felt
pretty much like he was right now, hungry, but not hungry, sore all over, but
not really hurting.  "Nah, it's what you haven't eaten.  You didn't share blood
with him last couple of nights, have you?"
	He shook his head.  "No, I was with Krissy and Danny the last few nights,
why?"
	"Our master, he has told us all several times, that they aren't quite sure
what kind of long-term effect living with vampires will have on a mortal, but I
felt exactly like you just described both times, I skipped a 'meal' from him. 
It'll be fine, just let him or mistress know when the finally get up, that you
need another 'fix' as it were.   That should take care of the problem."
	He looked at her, a little stunned.  "Are you trying to tell me that their
blood, it's like a drug?  You either keep taking it, or it makes you sick?"
	"Why else do you think Jake is still here?  If our master could have just
got rid of him, he would have already.  But because Jake is bound to him, by
blood, he doesn't dare.  No one is exactly sure what will happen if one of us
has to stop drinking from him all together, and he doesn't want to find out by
letting one of us get hurt.  But don't look like that, the longer you are here,
the less you will have to take from him.  Randy has been here the longest,
Patty, right behind him, and there are entire months that they only have to
drink from him one or maybe two times tops.  It builds up in you.  Our master
has been known to joke that Randy is as close to being a vampire as a mortal can
get without dying and growing fangs."
	Mitch was about to comment that knowing Randy, and his habits, he could well
believe that, but suddenly he could barely breathe, the almost pain in his body,
became a knife in his gut.  He doubled over, a low cry slipping past his lips.
	"Mitch?"  Tracy grabbed him.  "Mitch, what's wrong?"  But all, he, seem to
be able to do was, lay, there curled in a ball and twitch with pain.
	The door to the basement where Jessy and Kris slept was thrown open with
such force that the door almost was knocked from its hinges.  "Master," Tracy
stumbled back as Jessy pushed her aside and grabbed Mitch, forcing a bleeding
wrist against the suffering mortal's mouth.
	With the first swallow, the pain stopped.  Mitch held Jessy's wrist, mouth
pressed against the flesh, even after the wound had healed.  'It's a drug'; he
kept telling himself over and over.  He had been in aspiring to be a lawyer, not
a doctor, but his father was a neurologist, he had grown up learning about
medicinal drugs and their good and bad side effects all his life.  The blood
from a vampire was like a drug.  It obviously increased the life span, and
strength.  All around him the others, Randy, Patty, Jake, Sally, Tracy, they all
had been with Jessy for years, and none of them looked so much as a day older
than when they were first brought here.  But it had a major draw back, unless
more blood was introduced, every so often, then the staying power of the blood
began to turn.  Causing the agony he had just suffered through.
	"Is he all right?"  Kris hovered just to one side.  Tracy had went to her
the moment Jessy had pushed her away to tend to Mitch.  They both looked
worried.  Kris had no idea what was going on, and Tracy had never seen anything
like what had just happened to Mitch before.
	"That is it.  From this point on, I don't care if I have to feed every
night.  You will take from me before I go to my sleep.  Have you any idea what
it's like to be yanked up from a sound sleep to the feeling of a knife twisting
in your gut?
	Mitch just snorted. "Yeah, Jessy, I know that feeling real well.  I just
lived through it."
	"Well, never again.  I am obviously connected to you, even more than I
thought.  I don't mind it so much when my boys suffer, they like it, so what I
get from them is a different sort of pain, but this one is not one I like." 
He'd end up having to talk another of his relatives into moving in with him for
a while if he weren't careful.  Either that or take more mortals.  Kris was
still too young to spare any blood for them, and if he had to feed as often as
he knew he would to keep up with, not, only Danny but Mitch and Alex as well as
keeping an eye on the others.  Between what he would need and Kris's constant
hunger, he'd end up bleeding his lot dry.
	"What happened?"  Kris pulled Mitch from Jessy.  Eyes searching his face, "I
have never seen Jessy like that, and you, what happened?"
	"It does appear that after twenty-three years of clean living, I'm a drug
addict.  The stuff in your veins, bright eyes, it is deadly addictive to anyone
that isn't dead already."  He lowered his head to kiss her, "Evening Krissy."
	"You okay now?"  Over that past few months she had gotten through to Mitch,
and he didn't call her or Jessy 'master' or 'mistress' constantly.  But she
couldn't get him to stop it all the time.  She had this sneaky suspicion that he
did it just to watch her gnash her teeth from time to time.
	"Strip me, frisk me, and make me your bitch."  He chuckled squeezing her as
tightly as he could.
	Kris just laughed.  "Oh that's right, I forgot you respond to feeding from
Jess, pretty much the same way I respond when I do from you."	
	"Well, you going to take me somewhere and have your way with me, or not?" 
He nibbled at her ear.
	She just laughed, pushing him back to the couch.  "We are just going to have
to get a bed for this room too.  The couch is comfortable enough, but I want to
pin you to a bed every now and then, without breaking the moment by having to
carry you up or down a flight of stairs."
	"Promises, promises."  Mitch moaned as he felt her fangs at his throat.  "Go
on baby, I'm fine."
	Jessy watched over her as she fed from Mitch.  Smiling as she pulled away
without being asked.  *If you have this much control now, I don't have to worry
so much about you, and Butch can start spending the day with you. *
	*Don't get too lax, lover, Mitch doesn't count.  Yes I love them all, but I
was going to marry him. *  She pulled back from Mitch.  "Soon love, very soon,
but I have still got to take care of a few things."  She kissed him again,
"speaking of things that still need taking care of.  What did you finally decide
in regards to Bobby?"
	Jessy sighed.  "Originally I was all for saying no.  Precious has been hurt
enough as is.  But with the obvious need I, we, are going to have for more
feeders, I guess I am going to have to say yes.  I need at least four more, and
he will be one of those I take."  He shook his head at her grin.  *But I have to
warn you.  I might have to take his will to get him to agree, at least at first.
*
	*No you won't.  I will go with you, you keep telling me that no one will
know who I am unless you want them to, some mind trick that we can do.  If he
saw me, realized what was really happening, Bobby is known, or at least he was
before Alex, to be a switch hitter, he can bend, and if he knows that he doesn't
have a choice, he will bend.  Just don't try to force the issue until I try to
talk to him.  Explain what is going on.  Personally I think he will be too glad
that Alex didn't really just leave him, to worry about the rest. *
	*Okay, but the other three, I want to be boys, there might be a uneven
amount of men right now but too many are connected to either each other or one
of us, my girls don't have anyone to play with.  And now with you here, and have
had not only Butch latch on to you, but Danny as well, and I have Pet, my Girl
and Precious.  And I just don't see Princess and Baby being happy with my Boy,
too much water under the bridge.  So if I get a few more men for them to play
with, I won't keep getting lost, hurt, looks from them every time I go to feed
them, or feed from them. *
	*So, you plan on making this a group trip, or just you and me? *
	*My boys have to go.  Precious most definitely.  And if I take him, I will
have to take Pet as well.  The two of them are in the middle of trying to out do
each other in pleasing me.  It's so sweet, it's almost cute.  And you know what
I think of cute. *
	Kris just laughed out loud again.  *Yeah, a five year old playing, with,
himself is cute, and neither of those two have been five in a very long time. *
		*	*	*
	"Okay, you three sit here for now.  We'll be back as soon as possible." 
Jessy opened the driver side door to the van that he had loaded Kris, Randy,
Alex, and Mitch into.  He had wanted to bring the whole lot of them, but right
now, with as lost as Jake was, he was a little worried that the boy would wander
off and get hurt.  So he left his girls home alone for now.  If all went well,
he would be bringing them home a surprise anyway.
	"It's okay, Jessy, I would just as soon sit here, I don't want to be with
when you try to talk to Bobby.  You do realize that he might not take to this as
well as both Kris and Alex thinks he will."
	"I'll just sit here with Precious, and hope for the best."  Randy reaching
over the seat to pat Alex on the leg.  "And if there is a chance that this
little talk you are planning to have with him goes badly.  Master, he doesn't
need to see Bobby have his will stolen.  It will be hard enough on him to deal
with him in that shape until he finds his way back to himself, without asking
him to watch it happen."
	"I know that, Pet, that is why I said for the three of you to wait in the
van."  Jessy held out his hand to Kris.  "Come on baby girl, let's go see if he
is going to be as cool with this as you think he will be."
		*	*	*
	Bobby looked up at the sound of the chime that announced another customer. 
"We're closed folks."
	He looked horrible, he didn't look like he had shaved in days, which was so
unlike him, Bobby was known to be just a bit fastidious.  And what was even
worse was the collar that he now wore around his throat.  Kris turned to Jessy;
*can you fix it so that he can see me as who I really am, no one else? *
	*If he was alone, yes, but you can't just disappear infront of all the rest.
*  He indicated the other cook and two waitresses.  *We should have waited for
him at his home.  At least, I don't think he has moved, Alex wasn't sure. *
	*That's why we came here.  Just ask for a cup of coffee, and take a seat. 
Bobby is always the last one to leave on a Saturday night. * 
	Jessy nodded.  "I understand that, but I've been driving for a long time,
just some coffee, if that would be all right."
	"I said we were closed."  Bobby didn't even look up again.
	*Damn, he didn't used to be this way.  Okay, Jess; push just a little, if
you have too.  Just don't strip him of his will.  Watching Alex go through his
second time damn near killed me.  I don't think I could take it if Bobby ended
up like that.  Just tell him that you think you might have some information
about where I might be, and we'll see how quickly he empties the place. *
	"Come on friend, what is one lousy cup of coffee.  I might even have a
little info about that missing girl whose picture I have seen all over town. 
Not looking for the reward, not into money that much, just want to talk to you
about her," he caught Bobby's eyes.  "Alone."
	Bobby just shook his head.  Who did this boy think he was fooling.  There
was no way he could possibly have any clues to help them find Kris, she was
dead.  After over six months he had finally accepted that.  But what the hell,
his new lover was going to beat him tonight anyway, so he might as well earn
that beating.  And the boy was sinfully cute.  "Okay, take a seat.  I'll be with
you in a minute or two."  He poured both Jessy and Kris a cup of coffee. 
	*I thought you said he couldn't see me. *  Kris looked at Jessy, a somewhat
frantic look on her face.
	*Oh, he sees you all right, but the face you wear now, is not one that you
were wearing just a few minutes ago. *
		*	*	*
	Bobby made the usual noises as his crew left.  See them Monday and all of
that.  "Okay, what is it you have for me?"
	"Just give me a minute or two more so that I know that we are fully alone. 
What I have to say and show you, just might upset those that aren't privy to
certain things."
	Bobby just shook his head, 'it figures', what had Alex once told him, that
when he was free, no one wanted to have anything to do with him, but get a
collar and all of a sudden they were falling out of the wood work to lure him
away.  "You don't have to worry about that boy, my crew, they aren't stupid,
they know what this collar around my neck means.  But do you?  Pretty as you
look, I gave up trying to be a Dom when my boy left me, looking for greener
pastures."
	"Yes, and he found them, he is so happy that he has been at me for weeks to
take you as well.  Kris and Mitch are absolutely no help with him when he gets a
wild hair to pester me."
	Bobby looked at this boy, trying hard not to laugh.  "You are the one that
my boy ran to?  You," and here he had been putting up with snickers and nasty
comments for years that he, just, wasn't Hard enough looking to be a good Dom. 
"Well, good for you, I guess.  And I suppose you just had to come and rub my
nose in it.  But be warned.  You may think you have him, but take it from me, he
is not a trustworthy sub.  He up and left me at the worst possible time he
could."  Then he stopped.  "Wait a minute, did you say Kris and Mitch, too?"
	"Let him see me, Jess."  Kris was heartbroken.  She had known Bobby wouldn't
take Alex leaving him well, but she had never imagined that he would take it
this badly.  "No Bobby, we didn't come to rub your nose in Alex's defection." 
She smiled at him as he almost leapt from his seat and suddenly Kris was there. 
"Alex, I'm sorry Bobby, I didn't ask for him to be taken from you, but he and
Mitch stumbled over Janis, Jessy's mother, when she came here to mourn the 'odd
bird' as you called him.  He was her brother, and after seeing that she put me
in Jessy's hands, came here to visit the last place that Marcus had known any
peace.  They caught her unaware, and she couldn't hide what she was from them. 
So she took them both, and brought them to us."
	Bobby looked at her for a long moment.  "What the hell are you talking
about?  I've been going out of my mind for the last six months, thinking that
you were dead.  And here you sit, and you don't look like you're dead to me."
	"But I am dead, Bobby.  Marcus, that freak of nature that had been haunting
my working nights for about five months, he killed me."
	Bobby just growled at her.  "So now you are one of the walking undead.  What
is going on Kris?  You put me through hell, all of us, and now you're going to
try to tell me you're, a what, zombie?"
	"No, not a zombie.  I'm a vampire now."  She smiled at him, fangs clear to
be seen.  "I am sorry if I worried you.  It wasn't my idea.  But up until just
tonight, when we realized with as often as I feed, we were going to have to take
more mortals to help with keeping me from draining all the ones we have.  I
thought it better if you just thought me dead.  It was me who talked Jessy into
letting Alex call you.  I already felt bad enough for the grief I knew I was
causing you.  I just couldn't let you keep wondering what happened to him.  He
was a wreck when he got off the phone with you."
	Bobby just sat there, looking at her, trying to figure out what kind of
twisted game she was playing with him.  "Okay, so you're a vampire now.  So you
came here, to clean up the loose ends?"  His temper was beginning to get the
better of him.  "I don't know what twisted joke you are playing on me, but sure,
go ahead, kill me.  I would just as soon die than continue living.  I'm a flop
at what I do, hell even as a slave, I suck."
	"We aren't here to kill you, we don't kill anymore, too dangerous.  If we
still killed mortals, then my boy wouldn't be sitting in the van, even as we
speak, waiting to see if you are willing to come on your own, or if I have to
take your will."  Jessy reached out to lay a hand on Bobby's.  "If I have to do
that, there are a lot of people in my home that would be upset.  Alex didn't
leave you, he was taken, and by the time he found his way back to himself, he
couldn't leave me.  So being a sucker for a pretty face, I finally agreed to
come and take you as well."
	Bobby just continued to shake his head.  "Why in the hell would you think I
would be willing to come with you?"
	"Because, Bobby, now that you know what we are, you have too.  Willingly, or
lost in your self for a while, but you will come.  Alex has already suffered
enough on account of me.  And think of it this way, boss, you already wear a
collar now, so it won't be that hard an adjustment for you."
	"I wear this damn thing, because I figured, with as badly as I did as a Dom,
then I had to do better as a sub."  He pulled at the plane black leather collar
around his neck  "But you know what, I suck at this too.  Raymond, he is getting
to the point that I have to be willing to put up with anything, just to keep him
from throwing me out."  His temper was getting the best of him.  He didn't care
what he said anymore.  "I'm going to have to let him brand me, just so he'll be
happy for a while."  He was trying, hard, not to think about where Raymond was
going to brand him.  He'd be out of work for weeks.
	"That, my friend, is because you are no, normal, sub.  I was there, I heard
what Alex said to you.  It wasn't true, he was only going out of his way to make
you hate him.  He only wanted to let you know he was alive, so you could go on. 
I never realized that in his plight to drive you away, you would go to this
extreme."  Jessy paused.  "I would never brand you.  Come on Bobby, just say
yes, don't make me take your will from you.  I don't think Precious would ever
forgive me if I had to."
	Bobby looked to Kris, pain and betrayal clear in his dark gray eyes.  "Why
are you doing this to me, Kris?  Wasn't it enough that I thought you dead?  Now
you come here and pull my chain with some silly ass fairy tale about being a
vampire.  I wasn't born yesterday.  Vampires, damn girl, couldn't you come up
with something better than vampires?"
	"Keep a close watch on me, Jess, I'm getting better, but Bobby doesn't have
a blood tie with you, so he can't recover from the loss of blood as well as our
bunch can."  She turned back to look at Bobby.  "I knew that you might have just
a little bit of a problem with this, but I never thought you would ever call me
a liar."  New to her new strength as she was, she was stunned at how quickly she
could move.  Bobby didn't even have a chance to cry out as she was on him,
pushing him back in the seat, leaning over the table, to sink her fangs in his
throat.  Easing her ever-present hunger.
	Bobby just sat there, too shocked to do more than that.  'My God, she really
is, it's, all-true'.
	*Okay, ladylove, I think you made your point.  Enough, later, I promise, but
not now. *
	Kris pulled back, licking the wounds as they closed.  "Now do you believe
me?"  She cupped his chin, placing a light kiss on his lips.
	He sat there, unable to move.  "You, you, you're a . . .."
	"Vampire, yes, takes a few minutes to digest doesn't it?"
	He looked from her to Jessy.  "So, now that I know, what do you plan to do
with me?"
	"Take you home, and see if you can help me to learn what my boys need.  You
were damn good, Precious's behavior is all the proof I need."
	This time when Bobby shook his head, it was in denial and not disgust.  "I
can't do that.  Can't just disappear like she did.  If I do, god only knows what
people are going to say.  I might even, after Alex and Mitch's mysterious
vanishing act, be blamed for it all."
	"So, you will know the truth, and no matter how often you go out of my
house, no one will ever recognize you.  It will literally be like you fell of
the face of the earth.  Come on Bobby, please, for Kris, and even more
importantly for Alex."  Jessy didn't want to take Bobby's will, and he was
beginning to worry that he might have to.
	"But this diner, I have sunk everything I own into it.  If I just went poof,
then there would be a lot of people out of work, and a lot of questions."
	"Not if you sold the diner there wouldn't be."  Kris figured what the hell,
she didn't want the money to begin with, so at least it was going to go to a
good purpose.  "Name your price Bobby."
	"You want to buy this place?"
	"Well, yeah.  I want you to come home with me, Bobby, but I don't want you
to feel ripped off.  So name your price."
	Bobby just looked at her.  "Unless you came into money from a rich relative
I didn't know you had, you can't afford what I would ask for this place"
	"Remember that guy who killed me?  Well, while I was still out wandering
around in my mind, he killed himself, had to, it was, either, him or me.  And he
had just made me his replacement.  He has left me with more money than god.  Now
again, how much?"  She looked to Jessy, who just sat there with a combination
amused and stunned look on his face.  "You have any idea how much a month that
trust he set up for me is?
	"I think it is roughly around a hundred and fifty thousand a month."  Then
to Bobby, "she is very serious.  And what ever she gives you, it's yours.  I
don't steal from those I claim as my own."
	Bobby shook his head, never, not even if he lived to be a thousand, would he
ever have thought of vampires.  "As it is, all the equipment included, two
hundred and thirty thousand."  The dinner wasn't really quite worth that.  But
he wasn't really in the mood to sell.   "But tell me, girlfriend, what are you
going to do with a diner?"
	"Rent it out, of course.  And I will give you twice what you're asking, hell
knows I can afford it."  She pulled out her checkbook, the one that Jessy had
given her to the moneys in her trust.  "You can bank this, or cash it, what ever
you want to do. The IRS will never be able to track you down.  Because as of
tonight, you no longer can be found, but if you go to bank this money, best do
it under a different name, if you plan to cash it, and just disappear, it would
be easier.  Think about it, Bobby, this kind of money can buy a whole lot of
things that you never had the money to get before now.  You won't need any, you
will belong to us, and trust me, boss, you will never do without anything, ever
again, but it is still nice to have a little money put back," she laughed
softly.  "Okay, a lot of money, mad money is what it will be.  And once you have
lived with us, and fed from Jessy long enough, you can take Alex and go lay out
on a beach somewhere, or gamble, or buy enough toys to outfit several thousand
subs."
	Bobby looked at the check that Kris handed him.  A four hundred and sixty
thousand-dollar check.  He had sold his diner, true it wasn't like anyone gave
him any choice, and he was bright enough to know that the only reason he was
still sitting here, and not dragged off, kicking and fighting the whole way was
because he and Kris went back a long way.  "This is a mighty big check,
girlfriend, how do I know it isn't made of rubber?"
	"The bank that check is written against, has a twenty-four automated
service.  All you have to do is call and verify that I really do have the money
in that account, Bobby."  Kris knew they needed to hurry.  "Please, Bobby, just
take it, we'll finish the paper work later, but you have to come with us now. 
Don't force Jessy to take your will, your mind, from you. 
	He looked at the check in his hands.  "I can't, stupid of me, I know, but I
can't."
	"I warned you that he might not come as easily as you and my boy kept
insisting he would."  Jessy really hated that he would have to do this.  Oh he
knew that he might have to take the will from the two or three other boys he was
planning to collecting tonight, but this one he didn't want to have to do. 
"Okay, Bobby, look up, listen to what I am going to tell you."
	Dark, storm cloud gray eyes met Jessy's green.  "I am sorry, I would just as
soon not have to do this, it is going to tear my boy up, but better this than
let you continue on the path you are walking right now.  I'm a vampire, and
vampires are well acquainted with death, even if we haven't killed in almost a
hundred years, we still know what it looks like, and you are dying."  He reached
out and stroked the face of the man that he was going to have to dominate. 
"Don't be afraid, honey, no one is going to hurt you while you are lost to
yourself.  Kris might not be able to protect you as you need to be protected
like you are right now, but I can, and I will."  Unlike with Jake, Jessy didn't
just yank all rational and intelligent thought from Bobby, but instead, gently
lured him to sleep.  Placing a mental blanket over his conscious mind. 
		*	*	*
	Kris helped Bobby to lock up the place.  Ever mindful of his fragile state,
Alex was going to be upset, but hopefully by the time Bobby worked his way back
to himself, everything would be cool in their house again.  Kris prayed that it
would all work out.  She was still having guilt problems over the fact that she
was the blame of so much hurt.
	*Don't beat yourself up over it, baby girl.  I'll see to it that he is taken
care of.  After all, I seem to be getting pretty good at walking them through
it. *  Jessy pulled Kris close as they left the diner.
	*I know that, Jess, I'm just worried about how Alex and Mitch will take
seeing him like he is right now. *
	*I'll just remind my boy that he wanted me to take Bobby, and I had warned
you both that the odds of the mortal taking to his new life well, at first, were
real slim.  You let me take care of Precious.  Trust me, he will settle down
quick enough. *  Actually, the more he thought about it the more he was glad
that he had finally given into Alex's nagging.  As good as it felt when he held
his boy's, he didn't know near as much as he let on about how to take care of
what they needed.  Now once this cute little mortal finally made it back to
himself, he would be able to sit him down and pick his brain about the lifestyle
that he now lived.

	"Okay, Bobby," Jessy opened the sliding door to the van.  "Crawl on up
there."  Then to his other three, "I'm sorry, but he is going to be lost to
himself for a while.  He couldn't come without me forcing him.  Don't worry any
of you, I won't let anything happen to him.  Butch, Precious, you both know me
well enough to know I won't."
	Bobby climbed up into the seat.  Watching quietly as Randy buckled him in. 
"It's going to be just fine, Bobby, our master will see to it that it is just
fine."
	Alex, who sat in the back with Mitch, looked at his old lover, crying softly
as he took in Bobby's lost, unshaved and disheveled state, but the most painful
thing of all was the collar around his throat.  "He's a slave now.  What have I
done."
	There, really, weren't any words to comfort him.  No one could think of
anything to say that could ease his distress.  He wouldn't believe that it
wasn't his fault that the man that he loved, as much as either Kris or Jessy,
was in the shape he was in now.  But Jessy did make a solemn vow to himself that
he would fix it.  That was what he seemed to be doing a lot of as of late,
fixing little problems so that they didn't grow into big ones.  He also swore
that his boy would never know the truth, about Bobby.  He would bind him to him,
and end the illness that the mortal was now dying of.  And he would do all of
this without ever letting any, other than Kris, who had been with him when he
took Bobby's will from him, know how close Bobby had come to being really sick,
to dying.  "Precious, you didn't do anything.  I did, it was me that took you,
my collar you wear now, wait, baby, I promise, it will all work out just fine




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 9
	The rest of the drive was quiet.  No one said anything, just sat and rode,
keeping their worries and fears close to their minds and hearts.  As for Bobby,
he didn't understand what all the fuss was about.  He knew only enough, now,
that he could grasp the fact that there were so many, upset, and they were upset
with him.  He didn't know what he had done wrong.  His new master hadn't told
him, and as he sat there, looking out the window, he was beginning, as lost as
he was, to be afraid.  He knew all too well what his master could do to him, if
he thought he had done something wrong.  The scabs from the welts on his chest,
back and genitals were proof of what one could do to another if they failed to
be good.  "Master, please, tell this one what did he do to upset you?"
	Alex moaned, turning his head into Mitch's chest.  "Ssshh, it's okay, he's
just lost, you were like that just a few months ago.  It's okay Alex, you came
through it just fine and so will Bob."  Mitch understood why Jessy had to do
what he had to do.  What he didn't understand, was why Bobby would push him into
forcing the issue with him.
	"You didn't do anything wrong, Baby, I'm not mad at you.  I won't hurt you. 
It has just been one of those hard nights.  So why don't you just sit back and
take a nap.  Soon enough I'll have you home.  But for now, I need to track down
another two or three."  *And this time, I am going to have to make sure that
they aren't gender biased.  My two girls would shoot me if I bring home more
men, and they didn't get a chance to play with them. *  He thought to Kris
glancing over at her.  She looked like hell.  *Come on ladylove don't be like
this.  Not with the way he is right now, he won't understand that you aren't
upset with him, remember how Precious was the second time around? *
	*I know, I really am trying to keep my shit together.  But he looks so bad. 
I have never seen Bobby look this bad before, not even when Alex was in the
hospital after his car wreck.  And he is dying.  I don't have to ask from what. 
How bad is it? *
	*Don't worry about that my girl, yes he's positive now, but by the time I
put him to bed at dawn, he won't be any more.  All I can think is after Alex
called him, he lost his way, and started not caring what happened to him. 
Because he was negative just some months ago back when I took Precious as mine,
either, that or my boy is the luckiest person alive. *
	*Oh, Bobby was negative, trust me.  He stayed on all our backs about the use
of condoms and sticking to one partner.  Me he didn't have to worry about, I
wasn't sleeping around with anyone, but Becky, Melissa, Diane, and Erin plus his
day shift girls, and he was always on them about the necessity of condoms in
sex. *  She looked back to where Bobby rested against the door, napping as Jessy
had suggested for him to do.  *That collar of his has got to go.  I have gotten
accustomed to the ones you have on all of them, that marks them as ours, but
leather isn't pretty at all. *
	*I have nine more at home, after my round with Jake, I made sure that I had
extra's.  So just as soon as I collect the rest, and get them home, that is the
first thing I am going to do.  Then I will step out tomorrow night and track
down the asshole that put him in the shape he is in, and beat the shit out of
him. *
	*But if the man doesn't know he's positive, I can't see anyone doing that to
another person, knowingly seeing that they were dying too. *
  She didn't want to think about Bobby being sick, but still, if it wasn't the
guys' fault, why hurt him.
	*It's not his HIV status that I'm going to beat him for.  You are just very
young, you can't see into their hearts, minds and souls as well as I can yet. 
But just you wait, the moment you see what kind of shape he is in, you'll
probably want to kill the son of a bitch yourself.  And don't worry about
Precious, I'll see Bobby healed before my boy has a chance to see him naked. *
	Kris just looked at him, in disbelief.  What had her old friend done, bad
enough that he, had lost his way, as Jessy had called it, but to let someone
hurt him, really hurt him.  No, Alex didn't need to see him before Jessy took
care of all the traces of damage on his body. 
		*	*	*
	They pulled up into a parking lot, the bar was just across the empty street. 
"Okay, love, you are going to have to slip in there and see if you can talk one
or two into coming home with you.  I would, but all I would end up getting is
either another handful of girls, or boys that would do my girls no good at all."
	"So, I'm to go trolling for what?  Some jackass that thinks I'm a slut, or
one like you who only is in it for the money?"
	'Male prostitutes', Jessy hadn't even thought about them.  "Never mind,
honey, I know a better place to go look.  One where no one will wonder if you
get a boy in the van with you."
	"If you plan to do this, don't you think maybe you should drop off the guys
first.  I know that this van can hold eight, but there is six in it already." 
Kris was a whole lot happier to just forgo the bar.  The odds of Jessy having to
dominate another was less if they tried their luck with those that made their
living selling their bodies.
	"This van is built to seat ten baby girl.  There is still that far back seat
that three of them can be squeezed into.  I'm not real worried about seat belt
laws, or a fine.  It's not like you can't afford to pay it.  Don't worry baby, I
know what I am doing.  Remember, before Janis, I made my living selling my bed
time to rich women."
	"Then we can collect another five, three for the far back seat, and one to
fit in with Randy and Bobby, as well as one to go with Mitch and Alex.  Surely
five would be more than enough.  Mitch and Danny would like another girl as
well.  So while I'm going to be trying to convince all the guys I'm going to
convince that I'm just a poor lonely rich girl, looking for some company, you
can snag another woman.  So, lets park this van, and go hunting, shall we?"
	Jessy just shook his head laughing.  "You know what cousin, you were made
for this."
	"Not really, just very hungry."
	Jessy parked the van again.  Turning in his seat to look at her.  "Is it
bad, baby?  I don't want you to go out among so many mortals if you're hurting."
	She shrugged.  "I'm not about to attack anyone, but yeah, I'm really
hungry."
	He pulled her head to his throat.  "You should have said something sooner. 
I'm going out of my way to see that you don't have to worry about over feeding
from any in our house, and here you are sitting around going hungry."  Now was
not the time to take her feeding any farther, but when he got home, just as soon
as he took care of the rest, he was going to finish this.  *Go on, cousin, drink
you fill.  I will still have my two, and the ones that I am taking tonight, I
can feed from them as I bind them to me. *
		*	*	*
	"Okay Pet, make sure that Bobby doesn't try to leave the van.  With as lost
as he is right now, I don't want to run the risk of him stumbling around and
getting hurt, or walking into traffic."  Jessy looked back at the mortal he had
had with him for the longest.
	"Don't worry Jessy, I'll keep him safe, you know I will."  Ever since he was
finally able to be his, really his, he hadn't needed to call him master, unless,
that was what he was being, his 'master'.  And Jessy so loved when he called him
by his given name.  Randy couldn't help himself.  He wanted to please him,
always.  "Just try to see if you can get one or two that swing both ways."  He
called out as Jessy and Kris left the van.
	"What, Precious, Little One, Boy and I aren't enough for you."  Mitch's
amused voice from behind him, as he used Jessy's names for them all.  "And you
keep saying that Little One is the attention slut in our house."
	"Be nice, Mitch."  Randy fussed at him.  "You and Danny are almost always
attached to our mistress, I've never done anything more than fuck Jake, though
when Jessy finally lets him come back to himself, he just might be worth the
effort.  And Alex, he's still real new to us, so of course, Jessy is spending
the lion's share of his time, when he doesn't have mistress, with him.  Patty
and I are spending more and more time together, and love his Girl though I do,
she is just that, a girl, and I am to the bone, queer as a football bat, or
gender biased as Jessy would say.  So yeah, would be nice to have someone she
and I could play with, while everyone else is busy."
		*	*	*
	"I think I might have had better luck in the bar."  Kris whispered to Jessy
as she looked around.  Lot's of women, but she didn't see the first man one.
	"Give it time, baby girl, they just haven't got a good look at you yet. 
Trust me, I know my old profession very well, give them just a little time.  And
you will have all the cute little boys you could ever hope to get flocking
around you."
	"Got a question for you, if Randy is your Pet, and Alex is Precious, what do
you plan to call Bobby?"
	"I don't know yet, I haven't had the time to get to know him.  Soon enough
something will come to me.  So, which of these girls do you think will fit in
with your two?"
	Kris looked around, there were four or five that huddled on the street,
trying to brave the chill night air to earn their living.  They all looked a bit
worn, and tired.  But there was one, a girl with bright red hair, who if she was
given a decent diet and rest would, look stunning.  *That one, she pointed to
the redhead Mitch has always complained that I should try dying my hair that
color.  He likes redheads. *
	Jessy nodded.  *Don't, look now cousin.  But, I do believe you are beginning
to attract attention. *  He nodded to the, two, boys/men that were stepping out
of a coffee shoppe, both looking at her.  *Why don't you just lure them both to
the van, I'll get the girl, and meet you back at the van.  Won't take long at
all, trust me. *
	"Hello," Kris smiled at the two as they approached her.
	"You looking for some company, honey?"  The older of the two smiled at her.
	"I don't know, maybe.  You offering?"
	"For you, honey, I'd do it for free."
	*Jess, quick, I can't read them yet, either of them cops? *
	*No, there are no officers out tonight, so play your part to the hilt. *
	She just laughed at the man softly.  "I don't expect anything for free.  My
lover and I are in the mood for a little group action.  So we're out here
looking for a few good men and, he want's another girl." 
	"How much you offering honey?"
	"I honestly don't know.  I've never done anything like this before."  She
wasn't lying to, them.  She really hadn't done anything like this before.
	The older of the two looked to the other.  Who only nodded.  Sure, he didn't
have a problem with doing it with men.  Some of his best customers were men. 
"How deep is your boyfriends pockets?"  He asked, softly.
	"It's my six month anniversary gift to him.  My treat."  Six months, had she
really been with him that, long?  It seemed just like yesterday when Marcus
killed her.
	"Okay, how deed are your pockets?"  The younger of the two rearranged his
question.
	Kris shrugged.  "What's the asking price, tell me what your are asking, and
I'll tell you if that is something I am willing to pay."
	"Fifty each, and if you want to add any thing extra, that will cost you
another fifty," the older of the two rattled off their price.  "Each."
	'Damn, and here I thought I had a good night when I got more than fifty
bucks worth in tips.'  "Tell you what.  I got a, thou, to spend not including
whatever that redhead he is talking to wants.  If you can come up with another
guy, you guys can split it between you.  But afterwards, I don't pay for a meal
before I eat it."  'Ouch, girl, that was just a little too close to the mark'. 
She winced.
	"I know Mike here, but the only other guy, is this new kid, and I haven't
had time to get to know him, so I don't know if he will, or not."  The younger
of the two admitted. 
	"Well, why don't you ask him.  This is as much my treat as if is his.  He's
going to play with two, so I should too."
	"Go on Sam, I won't try to steal her."  The older of the two pushed the
younger.
	"Got a question for you, while we wait for your friend."  Kris smiled.  It
was going to work.  And here she had been certain that it would take most of the
night to get all that they were after.  Maybe being a vampire was changing her
luck.
	"Sure honey, I'll answer any question you got."
	"I'm Kris, if your friends name is Sam, what's yours?"
	"Mike, not Mikey, just Mike."
	"Awww, for over three hundred dollars, for one night's fun, can't I call you
Mikey?"
	He stepped forward, touching her cheek.  "Honey, for what you are offering,
you can call me any thing you want."  He wasn't sure why, but she just made him
burn.  She put off some kind of vibe, or scent, or something that was effecting
him.  For her, he really would do it for free.  The three hundred and thirty
three dollars he would get out of this, was just an added bonus.
	Kris stepped closer to him, almost pressing against his body.  "Then I think
I'll call you, baby."
	*So, cousin, what is the story you are passing off to your boys? *  Jessy's
mind touched hers.
	*A six-month anniversary gift, a little group action.  My, treat. *
	*Oh that is right, it is about that time isn't it. *  God, to be that young
again, to still measure, time, in weeks and months, or even years.

	"He's into it."  Sam returned another boy with him, even younger than he
was.  He couldn't have been any older than she was, probably, younger.
	"And your name is?"  Kris didn't pull away from Mike.
	"Ryan."  He smiled at her.  "Sam said you were looking for a group."
	'Oh well, I guess Mitch is going to have to get used to another, other than
Danny'.  He was just too adorable.  Reddish blond hair, that wasn't curly,
wasn't straight, that just seemed to hang in loose wavy almost curls to just
past his shoulders.  A heart shaped face, but very angular, high, prominent
cheeks, and something of a point to his chin.  He looked almost like what she
imagined Puck would.  With a ring in the left nostril of his nose, damn, but he
was just too hot.
	"Did he tell you how much?"  She would see, how trust worthy this guy was. 
Mike had been friendly, but he hadn't tried to talk her into just skipping out
on him.
	He nodded, "Yeah, over three hundred each.  So what does that get you?"
	"The chance to get to see my man fuck you."  She wasn't going to try to act
too dumb here.  After all, that is all these three thought they were going to
get anyway.
	"Straight up, or do you have anything planned?"  He might be new to the
area, but he had started selling himself when he was all of fifteen, and still
in high school.
	"Oh I don't know, Jess may want to tie you down to do it.  Nothing nasty,
I'm, not, into anything nasty, and he knows it."  'Come on cutie, relax, I won't
hurt you', she silently prayed.
	"Now hold on here, you didn't say nothing about being tied down to
anything."  Sam pulled back, looking at her.
	"Oh, I'm sorry, I thought for the money I was giving you guys, that there
wouldn't be a problem.  Okay, I'll make it fifteen hundred, but that is as high
as it goes.  That's five each."
	"Damn honey, for that kind of money, your boyfriend can tie me down and do
anything he wants."  Mike looked at the other two.
	"No, that falls under 'nasty'."  Kris looked at Ryan.  "Tell you what, it's
up to you guys, the one that is willing to be tied down, gets his money
doubled."  She pulled away from Mike to step close to Ryan.  Instinctively
concentrating all her, fledgling, energies on him.  "Come on sugar, I really
want to see you with Jessy."
		*	*	*
	Ryan moved to press against Jessy as he and Kris regrouped.  "So you like to
tie boys down."  He ran his hand up Jessy's inner thigh.  "You can tie me down."
	*Okay, baby girl, get your two's attention.  And hold it.  You can't
dominate anyone yet, but you can hold them silent and still for a time. *
	*Offer them the choice, freely or lost. *  Kris was going to have problems
enough with Bobby lost as he was, she just didn't want to deal with having to
work around it with any others.
	*That is why I said silent and still, honey, if all I was going to do was
dominate them and take their wills, I wouldn't have mentioned it. *
	"Mike, Sam, maybe you should listen to what Jessy is going to tell you."  He
whole being went in to holding on to their attentions.
	"What?" Mike started to question her.
	"Ssshh, don't talk, sweety, just listen."  She looked up to where Jessy had
done much the same thing to his two.  "Okay, baby, you have their attention."
	"I want you all to listen to me.  You are ours now, and there is nothing
that will change that.  I honestly have never had to explain to any mortal in my
house what I am for the first time, other than Bobby, and Kris did most of the
talking.  So I will probably do it very badly.  But we're vampires.  And you are
now part of our house.."  He looked away for a moment; to break gazes with
Brenda's horrified eyes.  He always noticed the eyes, always the eyes. 
	"Neither of us will ever hurt you, not unless you do something really out of
line, and them only if I have to punish you." He reached out and touched
Brenda's cheek, smiling at her.  "And there are many positive things about
belonging to a vampire.  I have had my oldest pet with me for about twenty
years, and he doesn't look a day older that he did when he first came to me. 
None of the mortals that, any of us, those of the blood, own ever get sick, and
if they come to us, sick, our blood heals them.  There is not a one of you that
either hasn't had or in two of your cases, currently have a venereal decease.  
And one of the two is much sicker than you would like to think you are HIV
positive.  It doesn't matter whom, because by the time you go to sleep, you
won't be.  Think, before you act, unknown time as you are now, in your youth,
guaranteed health, and complete immunity to all illnesses, illnesses of any
kind.  Our blood not only heals contagious decease, but congenial and hereditary
as well, things like cancer, diabetes and the like.  You will have a life unlike
anything you have ever had before.  I promise you, you will never want for
anything.  I spoil those I love, and I will come to love each and every one of
you.  We both will."  Now he would see if he were going to have to dominate any
of them.  He hoped he wouldn't have to.  "You are ours no matter what happens,
but I would much rather have you all come willingly.  I do not want to have to
take your wills.  I don't want to dominate any of you."  He looked to the girl. 
"Brenda, I don't want to force you, but I will if I have too.  You, going to
agree to come freely?  Knowing that after you are bound to me, that you can't
ever leave.  I found out the hard way today what would happen to a mortal who
drinks from us, and then doesn't continue to do so.  That is one of the reasons
I am working so hard to add to their numbers.  I do not want any of you to ever
feel what he did.  I was there, and it didn't last long, but I can't risk that
kind of thing again.  So I have to give them my blood very often, in some cases,
every night.  But Kris, she's all of six months old, so she feeds a lot.  Not
ten to twelve times a night, anymore, but still a lot.  She even in the middle
of the day sometimes feeds from me, so I have to up my diet too.  I couldn't
just share my increased hunger with them without ending up weakening them.  I
won't do that to any of you.  I don't hurt, and I don't kill."  He hoped that
none of them took notice of the redundancy of that last statement.  You couldn't
kill someone with out, hurting, them.  Being dead is being hurt in a big way. 
"Now, I am going to give you back your voice.  Please don't scream.  I don't
want to force you, and if you scream, I won't have any choice."  He released his
hold on her voice, but not on her body, incase he had to stop her lungs, to
deprive her vocal cords air to speak.  "Will you come freely, or should I just
dominate you.  If I do, you will be very confused and lost to yourself for about
a week to ten days, but that is okay.  I won't hurt you, and I won't let any
one, else, hurt you while you are lost to yourself.  By the time you finally
make it back to yourself, you will be happy with us."
	Brenda looked at him, her lower lips trembling.  She was remembering the
trick she had a few months back and how she hadn't used anything.
	*Yes, honey, you are both positive and pregnant.  I'm pretty sure that once
I give you my blood, the fetus will abort.  So far, there has never been any of
those of your sex who belongs to one of us, who has ever gotten pregnant, the
three I have at home do not even have their menses anymore.  And believe me
darling, with as often as we play, if it could happen it would have already.  Of
that, I'm sorry, I honestly would like to help raise a mortal child.  I am
forever forbidden of making one of my own. *   She gasped as Jessy's mind
touched hers lightly.  He could read her mind, he would know everything she
thought.
	Jessy chuckled softly.  "I won't pry in your inner secrets, Brenda.  That
would be rude.  I am not even trying to read your mind, It's just that your
thoughts are so loud that they are all but screaming at me."
	"You not gonna hurt me, right?"
	"No, sugar, I'm not."
	"And I'm really?" She just couldn't finish the words.
	*Yes, you really are.  And my blood really will heal you. *
	"Okay, yes, I'll go."
	"I'll collar you when we get back to me house, but for now, I release you,
just relax."  He turned his attention to Ryan.
	"How about you," Jessy made the same observation that Kris did.  "Puck, what
else do I need to say to ease your fears, so I don't have to dominate you."  He
smiled at him.  "Go on, you can speak."
	"Yes, I'll do it.  God yes."  He didn't care what this man wanted out of
him, if he would only get him off the streets, he's do anything he was told to
do.  He'd been selling himself for too many years, didn't know anything else to
do.  He had been praying that some woman would decide she liked him, and take
him off the streets and keep him, even if it was as her slave, so accepting this
man wasn't too great a stretch.
	Jessy smiled.  'That was easy'.  Now he looked to the two that Kris was
holding.  "Mike, Sam, same question."  I got them now baby girl, go tend to your
two.  I'm not stupid, I saw how you kept looking at that boy. *
	Mike looked at him, licking his lips.  Could he do it, did he have a choice. 
"You're not going to hurt us, right?"
	Jessy just laughed at him.  "No, Mike, I'm not.  Kris won't either."
	"I'll do it."  Sam took a deep breath.  "I'll wear you collar, be anything
you want me to be."
	"I want you to be happy, Sam."  Just one more and he could relax.  "Mike?"
	"Okay, what the fuck.  Sure, I'll do it."
		*	*	*
	Jessy was overly pleased with the way the night had gone.  True, Bobby had
not been willing to come freely.  But, then again, he hadn't fully explained all
the added pluses to belonging to them to him, as he had done the other four. 
Now, with a total of thirteen in his house, surely he had enough.  He had
explained to them on the way home that they were to call him master and Kris
mistress, but seeing as they all had come willingly, they could also call him by
his given name and Kris by hers.  He liked the sound of it from both Randy and
Mitch.  He would have to point out how good it felt when he knew he owned them,
and they were comfortable enough with it to call him by his name, to Janis next
time he saw her.  Owning mortals was still so very new, that anything that was
truly noteworthy was shared among his race.  He would have to take the time to
contact his mother on the dangers of neglecting one of them.  Maybe he could
tell her the rest when he contacted her about his scare with Mitch.
		*	*	*
	"Master!" Patty met him at the door.
	He immediately became tense.  "What is, it, Girl?"
	"It's Jake.  He just keeps crying.  He doesn't believe that he will ever be
forgiven.  Please, let him go.  He's been punished enough.  Any more and you're
only being mean, and I know you aren't Jessy."  She dared to use his name, but
with all that was involved, she knew he would understand.
	Jessy just let out the breath he had been holding.  "Was going to do that
already, sugar.  Just as soon as I tend to my new ones.  Just keep assuring him
that He is forgiven, and I will take care of him, soon enough."
	"Can't you do something about the pain, now?"
	He nodded.  Patty was always so on top of things, he wasn't sure how he and
Randy had ever made it without her.  *Kris, honey, see what you can do about
getting them to sit down and relax, I'll be back in a few minutes, have to get
the collars I have for them, and tend to Jake. *
	*You are planning on letting him go, right? *
	*Do you have a problem with that? *
	*No, I was going to nag at you if you weren't. *
	"Go and get the collar's honey, I'll take care of Jake."  He kissed her
lightly.

	"My Girl tells me that you are sure I won't ever forgive you."  Jessy sat
beside him on the love seat.  "Did you forget that I promised you that I would?" 
He reached to touch Jake's ever-present erection.
	Jake looked up at him, pain and fear in his lost brown eyes.  "Please
Master, don't fuss about Nothing, he isn't worth it."  He knew what was coming,
though his master hadn't touched him for so long, now, like this, he would hurt
him.
	Jessy gathered him up and pulled him into his lap.  "Listen to me Jake.  You
are something now.  I forgive you.  You're my Boy again.  I will put my collar
back around your neck.  I will love you.  No more pain, There will be no more
pain."  He reached out and removed the block that he had placed on Jake finding
his way back to himself.  "I forgive you, do you understand Boy, I forgive you. 
There will be no more pain, we all will make love to you.  You won't ever be
just fucked again.
	"He doesn't understand Master, why would you forgive him, he isn't worthy of
you." 
	'I didn't realize I had pushed him this far'.  "Listen to me Boy, you are
worthy, your punishment is over, you are forgiven.  As long as you never do it
again, it is over.  I believe you have learned your lesson.  So it is over." He
had to repeat himself several times, before he thought that maybe Jake would
understand what he was telling him.
	"Master."  Patty stood at his side.  "The collars you sent me for."  She
held out one of the six bands of silver.
	"Thank you, baby."  He took the collar from her, turning back to Jake. 
"Here you go, Boy.  I claim you again.  You're forgiven and one of my beloved
pet's."  He released the lock on the collar opening it by a hinge that was
behind its ring.  Placing it around Jake's throat, so it could rest just below
where he would bite.
	"There how does that feel?"  He couldn't stop himself from becoming lost in
Jake's blood.  He was so hungry.  He hadn't really had any to spare Kris when
she was in need.  He probably should have let her feed off of Mitch or Randy. 
"I promise you, baby, I will finish this soon."  And he sank his fangs home.

	Bobby watched as Jessy held Jake to him, feeding from him.  "That what he is
going to do to this one?"
	"Yes Bobby, but not tonight.  I've fed from you once already, and you don't
have a bond with him yet, it would weaken you.  So he won't tonight."
	"Does it hurt?"  Brenda whispered.
	"Yeah, but just for that second that it takes them to bite you.  After that
it is real nice."  Mitch sat by Kris.  "How did you know I liked redheads?"
	"You had been bitching at me for our last year together, before Marcus
killed me, how much you'd like to see my hair that color.  Well, I am not dying
mine, so I did the next best thing.  Now if only it's, really, real."
	"I'll find out soon enough."  He snickered.
	"Better take a good look while you can.  Jessy informed me that the girls
are clean-shaven here.  Even suggested that I might want to do it.  I agreed,
but only after he told me that he saw to it that the guys were shaved too.  It
is only fair."
	Mitch looked at her closely.  "Kris, just hypothetically speaking, what if I
don't want to look like a little boy?  Not that I'm saying no, just what if"
	Kris didn't look down or get upset.  She knew that this would come up. 
"Mitch, I love you, it would kill me to see you hurt, even if it is just lost
again.  But I can't have you undermining our authority.  Please understand. 
Don't fight us, Bobby couldn't just let go, so Jessy had to take his free will
to chose, away from him.  Please, don't make him do that to you.  It won't
matter anyway.  The only ones in the house that still have any hair there at
all, are you, Alex, Danny, and the new ones.  It usually takes about a year to
fall out, but it will, so you might as well just shave it off and forget about
it."
	It was the first time Mitch ever really faced the fact that Kris owned him,
really owned him.  Jessy, he could almost understand, but he just hadn't taken
it past him, to her.  "Yes, Mistress, I'm sorry."  His voice was soft, eyes
down.
	Kris tilted his head back up to meet her eyes.  "Please, 'Butch'," she used
Jessy's name for him, knowing that it would hit him much closer than any name
she came up with, including the one that he had been given at birth.  "Don't, do
this to me.  Don't make the same mistake Jake did."
	"I understand, Krissy, sorry, I just forgot there for a minute.  Neither of
you acts like you own us.  It just took me back, a bit, to be reminded that you
do."
	"Why don't you and Little One take," Jessy thought for a moment, trying to
come up with another suitable name.  Then he smiled.  "Sweety and Puck here, and
talk to them, try to convince them they are safe, maybe if they hear it from
another mortal, they will believe it."
	"Go on Kris, I can take over from here.  They are a lot less withdrawn after
you feed from them.  A pint or so from each won't hurt them."  *I got you love.
*
	"Come on you guys.  Let's go some where and talk."  She headed for the door
to the stairs down to the basement.  They would end up there anyway.  And Jessy
didn't have to be standing over her any more.
	"Danny, you grab Puck, I'll get Sweety."  Mitch gently wrapped an arm around
her, leading her to follow Kris.  "It's okay girl, nothing bad is going to
happen to you.  Trust me."
	Danny just laughed following Mitch down the stairs.
	"What's so funny?"
	Danny just laughed a little harder, "how do you say 'fuck you' in
California?" 
	Mitch just began to laugh as he got the joke.  "Trust me."
	"Well luckily for you all, when those two words are used in this house, they
mean what they are supposed to mean."  Kris held out a hand to both Brenda and
Ryan.  "Come on over here and sit down with me, both of you.
	"What are you gonna do to us?"  Ryan for all the willingness he had, had, so
far, now he was beginning to be a little leery.
	"Not, what you are afraid we'll do.  What, you don't believe Jessy when he
said you all were safe, and no one would ever hurt you again?  You; weren't you
the one that almost jumped at the chance.  Why the sudden change of heart?"
	"No," he shook his head.  "I'm sorry, I was just working it out in my head. 
I didn't mean for it to come out."
	Kris sat beside him.  "No, Puck, I'm glad it did.  You all need to always be
open to us.  We will know what you feel anyway, or at least Jessy will, and,
when it deals with all of you, what he knows, he makes sure I do too.
	"You never would have made it as a lawyer Krissy.  You are entirely too
direct."  Mitch leaned against Danny, holding him.
	"No I don't suppose I would.  I hate beating around the bush and pussy
footing around.  But I am serious, be open with us, don't hesitate to tell us
how you feel, if it is important to you. 
	"Like I was telling you, Ryan."  She continued without missing a beat.  "I
want to know what you are feeling.  Why did you say that?"
	He looked down.  "I was just questioning my willingness for a minute.  But
it's okay now.  I can't swear to this, but I am fairly sure I trust you."
	That was funny to her, "kinda, sorta, maybe, hu?"  She leaned forward to
kiss him on the cheek.  "I can work with a 'maybe'.  How about you?" *Quick
love, you come up with a name for Brenda yet, you were mighty fast with Puck's,
how about her? *  Kris went to check with Jessy, before she said anything else.
	*I do believe Sweety will do her just fine.  After all, she does look sweet.
*
	Kris just laughed softly.  "Okay, how about you Sweety, how do you feel
about me?"
	"As long as it doesn't hurt, I think I can trust you."
	"Watch, Sweety, see that I'm not hurting anyone."  She moved to lie across
Ryan's lap.  *You, there? *
	*Always, you know that. *  Came the response.
	"Don't be afraid, I won't hurt you."    Her mouth covered his, kissing him
deeply, fingers tangling in his waves of hair.
	Her lips moved from his to kiss down the column of his throat.  Reminding,
herself, as, she, pressed her fangs into his throat and the hot, salty/sweet;
iron tang of his blood filled her mouth, that she had to be careful.  But it was
so hard.  All she wanted to do was give herself to this wondrous feeling.
	She felt Jessy's light touch, not a word, just a touch, but he was ready,
always, ready to step in if he had too.




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

Chapter 10
	Ryan had fallen back on the bed, and he clutched her to him as she licked
and kissed his throat.  Never, in any of his wildest dreams did he ever imagine
anything that felt anything like this did.
	"Come on Sweety."  Mitch's voice in her ear as he pulled her close, pulling
her attention from what Kris and Ryan was doing.  "She'll get to you soon
enough, but for now."
	Brenda didn't want to look away.  It stirred her watching Kris slowly pull
his clothes from him, going to make him gasp and cry out as she began to tease
him.  "Is she going to do that to me?"
	"Oh, yeah, as often as you want, I'm sure.  Krissy is always hungry."  He
just snickered as he watched as Kris roll over on her back, pulling Ryan with
her.  "But she'd best be careful with him, he hasn't spent any time with Jessy
yet, he is still too weak."
		*	*	*
	Bobby watched on, silently, as Jessy dealt first with Mike and then with
Sam.  He would be next.  He wasn't sure if he was afraid, he wasn't sure of
anything.  "He won't hurt this one, will he?"  He looked to Alex.  "He hasn't
been bad, right?"
	Alex shushed him.  "No, Bobby, you haven't been bad.  Far from it, our
master won't hurt you.  Ever, why would he?  It took years for him to finally
get pushed to the point that he had to punish Jake, you haven't done anything at
all."
	*Pet, * Jessy's thoughts touched Randy as the boy stood there watching,
taking in all that was going on.  *Why don't you and my girl take precious and
these other two and track down Kris tell her I'm healing Bobby, she will
understand. *
	Randy just nodded, reaching out a hand to Patty, "come on, he wants us to
take them downstairs.  He needs to talk to Bobby alone."  *Be quiet about this,
Patty, Girl, but I think he wants to make sure that Bobby isn't hurt before Alex
has a chance to see him. *  Patty nodded, reaching to take Mike's hand.
	"Go on, Precious, I will take care of him.  You know I will, go hide with
your mistress."  *Cousin, I'm sending the others down to you, I have Bobby, and
I can't help him if Alex is watching, and you know why. *
	*You finished with the other two already? *
	*Yes, they are ours.  Bound named and collared.  Mike I have dubbed Toy and
Sam, I think I'll call him Bright Eyes. *
	*Then send them to Sally and Tracy.  Wasn't that why we got them, to begin
with? Patty can come down here with Randy and Alex, but really, Jess, I have my
hands full with the two I have with me.  I don' think I can take on any more new
ones. *
	Jessy looked up from Bobby, "Toy, Bright Eyes," he stopped them from leaving
the room.  "Hold up a second."
	"Master?"  Patty looked at him.
	"Kris just reminded me that I have two other girls, I think they need to
meet those two.  She pointed out that they were the reason I got more men, after
all."  He looked over to where Sally and Tracy.  "Come on girls, I have some one
I want you both to meet."
		*	*	*
	"Are you sure, Bobby is going to be okay?"  Alex fussed as; Randy and Patty
led him down the stairs to where they spent their days together with Jessy and
Kris.
	"You were okay with him when he had to dominate you, weren't you?"  Patty
squeezed his fingers.  "Now come on, and quit worrying.  I'm sure that we can
come up with something better to do with our time than worry."
		*	*	*
	"Now, where were we?"  Jessy sat beside Bobby, reaching to unfasten the
leather collar around the mortal's throat.  "You won't wear this ugly thing. 
None of those that Kris and I own, do."  He would have to speak to Bobby as if
he were a small child for a while  "I have a much prettier one for you to wear." 
He held up the silver collar, so that Bobby could see it.  "You're mine now,
pretty boy, I will see to it that all your hurts are fixed.  I will heal you
Bobby."  He fit the collar in place.  "I wish you could see how pretty you are
now, baby."  And he was.  Dark gray eyes, so open, rugged good looks, but such a
soft look to his face, once he got the boy to shave, he would look, angelic. 
Hair, that when it was clean, would be so dark a brown red, that it almost
resembled burnt rust.  He looked far to gentle to have ever ruled another.
	Jessy patted his cheek.  "Now, why don't you take your clothes off, so I can
see what I can do to fix you."  He leaned forward, kissing him as his fingers
began to help his.  "It's okay, pretty boy, I know what you are afraid of, and I
won't hurt you."
	Bobby was a mess.  Countess welts, so many of them had broken the skin. 
His, nipples looked angry red from infection in his piercings.    If the rest of
his body looked anywhere near as bad, then his positive status would have went
down hill into full blown AIDS in less than a year.  "Are you listening to me
pretty boy?"  Jessy bit his own lip, drawing blood as he began to kiss, and lick
at the open welt on his shoulder.
	Bobby whimpered, moaning softly.  "Yes, Master."
	"I'm not going to feed off of you tonight, baby, but I will need to take a
little of your blood, so that when I bind you to me.   My blood will be better
able to speed up your healing."  He lifted his head to kiss Bobby lightly.  "Do
you understand wheat I'm saying?"
	"Mistress told this one that you wouldn't drink from him tonight."  Bobby
was confused not frightened, or at least not yet, but very confused.
	"And she told you the truth.  I won't feed, drink, from you tonight.  But
you will from me, and I just want to make sure that when you do, my blood will
help to hurry along any healing I have to do on you."  He pushed him back into
the cushion on the couch, fangs biting.
	'Damn, but he's sick'.  Jessy thought as Bobby's blood filled his mouth. 
Two sips later, he had to pull away.  Not because he knew how sick Bobby's blood
was, but because with as sick as he was, Jessy didn't dare to weaken him any
more.  "That's all baby, I won't take any more from you tonight."
	"Please," Bobby tried to pull Jessy's head back to his throat.
	"Ssshh, baby, here, drink from me.  Be mine."  He tore at his wrist,
pressing it to Bobby's mouth.  "Just drink, pretty boy, just drink."
	Bobby let go of his wrist, crying out softly as suddenly, every nerve in his
body was alive.  And as Jessy bit his lip again, to cover an inflamed nipple,
mixing it with his saliva to begin to quicken his healing, he came.
	"Hush, baby, don't cry."  Jessy fussed softly as he worked Bobby's pants
from his hips, pulling them down.  'I'm going to kill that son of a bitch'.  He
felt the flare of absolute rage rise in his blood.  Not, even, Jake at his
worst, would he have ever deserved to look anything like what Bobby did.  As he
had feared, the welts did continue down his buttocks, and upper legs, but what
was worse was that the greatest part of the welts that had broken the skin, they
were on his organ.  The piercing that he now sported in his scrotum was more
infected than his nipples had been. Jessy ripped at his wrist again, letting the
blood flow, however briefly, down his hand to cover the wounds and infection in
his balls.  Healing them at once as he continued to touch him, stroking so
lightly.
	"Why," Bobby couldn't move, could barely breathe, as Jessy gently touched
his body.  He kept waiting for the wonderful feelings he had given him to turn
ugly.
	Jessy looked up at him, face smeared with his own blood as he had been
helping to speed the healing.  "Why what, baby?"
	"Does the master care.  This one doesn't understand, why one like you cares
about him."
	Jessy only laughed softly, kissing his chest.  "There are many different
reasons, Bobby, but the one I think you can understand right now, is that, this
one, is dear to far too many that I love for me to do anything but, care."  He
resumed his careful treatment with Bobby.  "Just lay back, baby.  I'll take care
of you, trust me."  He would do right by this boy, too many counted on him to
see that this one was shown nothing but care and gentle compassion.
	Bobby lay there, moaning as he felt hands and mouth everywhere.  His face,
chest, arms, his thighs, hips, even his balls and erection, such gentleness. 
"Please, Master," he sobbed as he felt the gentle and wet mouth take him. 
"Forgive him," he came.  Sobbing as he did.
	He spit most of Bobby's release in his hands before swallowing.  He had to
have him.  He had spent the entire night, feeding and being fed from, and so
far, he had been forced to hold himself in check, but now, he would have this
one.
	Again, like with Kris, he didn't use words.  The mortal in his hands was too
fragile for words.
	He gently pulled him to the floor, pressing him over the edge of the seat. 
*Drink. *  He pressed his bleeding wrist to his mouth and he moved to make love
to him.
		*	*	*
	"I don't understand something, Master."  Sally leaned back against Jessy, as
she fed from him.
	"And what might that be?"
	"Bobby found his way back in just a little over a week, but it's been going
on three and Jake isn't much better now than he was then.  I thought you forgave
him, and released him.  What is the problem?"
	He just smiled.  "Oh, don't worry about my boy, he'll come around sooner or
later.  I was a whole hell of a lot harder on him when I took his will, than I
was with little one, precious, and most definitely when I took angel's."  Had it
really been that long?  He wondered to himself ruefully.  Must be because he was
a vampire, time just didn't mark him like it did so many others.
	"Are you sending me bask to Mike the moment you're done with feeding me?"
	"You don't go to any particular person here Princess, if it isn't me or
Kris."  He kissed her nose.  "And not right away.  She and I have an
understanding, most of the time we don't pull away from the rest of you, until
dawn.  But I guess, with precious and angel being so new.  Kris, butch and
little one have their hands full with sweety and puck, I do sort of count on you
and baby to keep my two boys from getting lonely."
	"You seen to have this way for getting those of us who are working girls and
boys."
	"Janis picked you, love.  I had no part in where she found you.  But yeah, I
do.  After all I once was for rent too."
	"But back, then, I bet you didn't know half of what the three new ones you
got do.  Mike is positively dangerous, and Tracy has been walking around with
the stupid smile she has, for days.  Poor Danny, he is looking a bit worn. 
Mitch too."
	His hand slipped between her legs to play with her hairless sex.  "Don't
count on that sugar, you must remember, as delightful as my boys are, before
Janis made me her Childe, I would only share my time with rich, somewhat
experienced and jaded, women."
	Sally, moaned, hips rocking slowly against his fingers.  "God, I've missed
this."  She shuddered at the feel of Jessy's fangs as he sank them into her
throat.
	Sally was such a simple person.  So much like Danny in her total obsession
when it came to this.  Each of them was unique in their own way, but Sally was
the only one that came the closest to giving herself to him totally, without him
having to see to her needs as well.  Danny had begun too, but now his heart was
locked around Kris and Mitch.
	He pulled her up to lean back against him, bringing her down on his own
hardness.  *I've missed this too. *  And again he sank his fangs into her.
		*	*	*
	"Got a question for you," Bobby leaned back against him.
	"I might have an answer for you."
	"This isn't a slight or anything Master, but, you are always so quiet with
us.  It's, I don't know, kind of strange.  Is that the way you want to be, or
just that way because no one has ever asked you to try to talk just a little?"
	Jessy just laughed.  "You have no idea how refreshing it is to actually have
one of you brave enough to ask questions.  My first six were either too afraid
of my mother, or of Randy to ever question me on anything.  But since Kris's
joining, me.  And I had to collect all of our new ones, even the most quiet of
my six are starting to talk to me. "  He nipped at Bobby's lip.
	"I'll answer your question, Angel.  Just old habits die-hard.  I never speak
much when I make love to someone, because I started this life trying only to
please Janis and I tend to not talk when I'm concentrating.  And believe me, I
concentrate very hard when I am making love to one of you.  I always make sure
that who ever I am with, they enjoy what I share with them.
	"Don't get me wrong Master, if I enjoyed myself anymore than I do now, I
wouldn't be able to sit for days."  He pressed back against Jessy, mouth open. 
"I'm thirty-five, spent most of my adult life looking for the perfect balance to
my natural instincts, I thought I had found it in Alex, but I never imagined
when I really did, I would find it where someone other than him."
	"And I never thought I would ever learn anything from anyone as young as you
are.  So we both came away with better understandings of ourselves."
	"I have another question for you, Sir, if that's okay."
	Jessy looked, down, at him, and, then up to the others in the room.  "I want
you all to hear this, please.  If you ever have a question, no matter how
unimportant you think it is, ask it.  Yes I can read your thoughts, but I don't
do it unless I think I have to.  Like I told sweety, once, to just read your
minds, without your knowledge, is rude.  And trust me, Janis made sure that I
might be a lot of things, but I try very hard not to be rude.
	*You're just now getting around to telling them that, for shame Jessy. * 
Kris teased him from the bed by the far wall of the room.  It hadn't taken much
to get Jessy to decide that yes.  A bed was needed, two if it were going to get
much worse.  Already he was consulting Bobby about a playroom for them, in the
basement beside where he and Kris slept.
	*Before you came here, love, my bunch wouldn't say shit to me, even if they
had a mouth full of the stuff.  Pet and my girl were too afraid of what Janis
would do to them, and the other four what pet would.  You have brought a breath
of fresh air into my life, beloved. *
	*Awww you say the sweetest things. *  She blew him a kiss before looking at
the rest.  "That goes for what you're feeling too.  I already explained myself
to sweety and the guys.  Yes, we already know what you are feeling, but not why. 
That would be being rude, and I happen to agree with Jess, so I won't ask him to
poke around for no reason just to see what you all are thinking every second of
every day."
	Jessy just nodded, turning back to Bobby.  "Yes, Angel, ask all the
questions you want."
	"I've been here almost three weeks, and when Kris feeds from me, it is
wonderful, but I didn't feel like that the first time.  She didn't hurt me, but
I didn't get keyed up with her as I do now.  Why?"
	Jessy just shrugged.  "Can't tell you kid, maybe it was because both of you
were so upset, or the fact that you hadn't gave yourself to her yet, don't know,
why?"
	Bobby just blushed.  "No reason Master, just a question that has been
nagging at me since I finally woke up last week."
	"Well you don't have any problem responding to her now, do you?"
	"No Master, If anything, I come away from her, wanting to beg her to beat
me.  But I know that the lifestyle I share with you, pet and, precious isn't the
one I share with her."
	"You might just be surprised Angel, mine."
	"She any where as, new, as you are?"
	"Much, much newer than me.  I didn't explore this part of my self for a long
time, but I knew what my pet was like, and that eventually, I would have to see
to him.  So I have studied it off and on for the last almost twenty years.  She
is almost as new to this life, as she is being a vampire.  Marcus took her
virginity the night he made her."
	Bobby turned around to face Jessy.  "Then maybe I should beg her to beat me,
next time she feeds from me.  But right now, make love to me, Master."
	"I am, Angel, all this is, just, foreplay."
*     *     *
	Her life finally began to settle down.  And for the first time she actually
found herself being grateful to Marcus for what he did to her.  If he hadn't
taken her, and made her his, She would have, never, been able to meet so many of
those that she loved so much.
	Bobby's diner was running again, under a new owner, but it was running.  For
the most part, those who had worked for him didn't mind the ownership change too
much.  And after she had stood back and let Bobby, or angel, as Jessy called
him, finish making sure that everything was taken care of, she basically forgot
about it. 
	She even began to catch herself, sounding like Jessy, words and phrases he
used most often started to slip into her vocabulary.  She figured he might be
young, but he was as close to a teacher as she would ever have for what it was
like to be what she was now.
	She and Mitch were having a time, learning to play the games Brenda and Ryan
liked.  Go figure, they both would like to be bottoms.  But other than that, the
rest were absolutely wonderful.  She fed all the time, and they, not the first
one, ever complained.  If anything, like in Danny or Ryan's case, they almost
attacked her if she even looked just the least bit hungry.




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 11
	"Happy Thanksgiving."  Jessy smiled up at her as she woke, in the midst of
feeding from him.
	She looked down at him, confused for just a second.  'Thanksgiving', god had
it been seven months, already?  "Happy Thanksgiving to you too, but I think I
started mine a little early."  She looked around, they were the only two in the
bed.  Which was something that just never happened.  "Hey, where is everyone
else?"
	"Upstairs, doing what everyone else does on Thanksgiving, cooking turkey,
stuffing, mashed potato's, gravy the works.  They'll sit around and eat too
much, drink too much, and smoke too much.  But they will be some of the happiest
people you have ever had the opportunity to meet."
	"That's going to be the hardest thing for me, The Holidays, I'm a vampire,
and I don't eat solid food anymore."
	"I will have you know, cousin, that they don't start their Thanksgiving
Feast, till I cut the turkey, and I love mashed potatoes, and my girl's pumpkin
pie is simply to die for."  He smirked.  "I forgot, you really, don't, know
anything.  You go along so well from day to day that I forget that you are just
an infant."
	She laughed, punching his arm.  "So wise, old, master, why don't you tell me
what is so funny, and how come you eat food."
	"The legends about us, are far from accurate.  Oh some of them are close
enough, but some of the others, are just so much rubbish.  No we can't survive
fire, sunlight is a very bad way to die.  Once it hit us, it paralyses us and we
burn slowly.  But other than that, unless it is another stronger vampire,
nothing can kill us.  Churches, no big thing, there are even a couple of our
folks in some of the older, pre-Christian religions, and one that is a Catholic
Priest."
	Kris pulled up to lean on her elbows.  "That is something else I haven't
thought about.  Just how do we fit into the whole heaven and hell thing?"
	"Do I believe in God?"  She nodded.  "Of course I do.  I just don't believe
in a, God, that will never forgive, nor do to those that failed to live up to
his standard, what their doctrine says he will.  Yes before the ban, I killed. 
I didn't know any other way.  I was a Childe.  No one knew that you could feed
from a mortal and not kill him or her.  That is why it is such a new thing, our
keeping mortals as feeders and 'toys'.  The ban has been in effect for almost
just 3 years short of a hundred years.  But, keeping mortal's we have only been
doing that for the last twenty-five years or so."  He paused, "I didn't kill for
long, and you never have, and never will, if I can do anything to stop it.  So
yes, I believe in God, but I also believe that his, her, its forgiveness is
infinite.  So I don't worry about the theological questions."
	"So what happens to the food you eat?"
	"Oh it will come back up in a few hours.  We can eat it, but we can't
process it.  Our bodies are dead."  He pulled up to stand by the bed.  "Come on
baby, let's grab a quick shower, throw on a robe, and join the party."
		*	*	*
	They stepped into a whirlwind of activity.  "Damn," Kris swore, watching
them move to set the table.
	"My bunch pretty much have it timed." 
	"Happy Thanksgiving, Master, Mistress."  Came the chorus of voices.
	"I couldn't believe it when they got me up to start fixing a big
Thanksgiving dinner."  Bobby laughed.  "Forgive me but who would have ever
thought, I mean you're vampires."
	"Oh, I'll grab a burger every now than then, just as quick as the next
person.  I just don't make a big habit of it.  But I never miss one of house big
dinners.  Thanksgiving, Christmas, or if you're like me and prefer the
pre-Christian Yule, and whichever one is celebrating a birthday or anniversary."
	"You two might want to sleep in late for a few hours tomorrow."  Randy
suggested.
	"Why?  Usually by the time Jess and I do get up, you all are champing at the
bit, figuratively speaking."
	"Pet started the tradition of the day after every Thanksgiving, of going out
and getting the biggest most expensive Christmas Tree he can find.  Then
decorating it.  That first few Christmases, he and my girl went Christmas Tree
ornament nuts.  But the last fifteen years or so, it has calmed down quite a
bit.  Now they only get just a few, very pretty ones, and the one that marks the
year.  Now they only go even more out of their way to find the most expensive
tree that they can.  Same thing with the gifts just be very, thankful, you have
the money you have.  You'll be paying off credit bills for ages."
	"I don't think so."  She tried hard not to think about the money.  "Not with
as many of them as they are now."
	"Just keep telling yourself that Kris, if it helps you to sleep the day."
	She groaned.  "You don't understand Jess, I don't want to use that money,
it's like he bought me."
	"No, maybe your forgiveness, but never a charge for the gift.  He chose you,
and made you, knowing full well what would happen, so yes, I think he is trying
to buy your forgiveness, but not you."  He kissed her.  "Now, let's, eat."
		*	*	*
	Kris, had long since gotten used to the fact that she was almost never alone
when she made love to one of them.  So she just sighed at the feel of a mouth on
her breast as she turned her head to tease Mitch with her mouth.
	Danny tugged at her nipple, with mock aggression, knowing nothing he did
would ever hurt her.
	"Pull to one side, Little One, your mistress fed from angel tonight, and he
wants to show her how thankful he is."  Jessy stroked Bobby's hair as Danny
moved to lie at her side.  "Go on, pretty boy, I'll see you taken care of."
	Mitch cried out, almost going to his knees, over the loud cracking sounds of
the paddle, as suddenly, the mouth on his erection pulled hard.  It felt so
good, even if it hurt.  The first line of the chorus to an old Cougar/Mellencamp
song played out in his head.  Because it really, did, 'hurt so good'.
	
	Mike took a drag off the joint as it was passed to him, before handing it
back to Sally.  "I just hope that neither of them want to play with me like
that."  He bit out between clinched teeth, watching Bobby mindlessly, go down,
on Kris while Jessy brought the paddle down, hard, on his exposed buttocks. 
Each crack of the paddle made him wince just a little.
	"Nah, you and Sam were pretty much made to order, he's still very much got
mistress and Patty.  And Brenda and Ryan are quite happy with where they are, so
he went out of his way, when he collected you two, to find Tracy and I
playmates.
	He hit the joint one more time before laying it in the ashtray to go out. 
"Well, then, honey, let's go find a bed so we can be playmates."
	"You mind leaving the party?  He hasn't shared his blood with you tonight
yet.  I don't want to see you go through what Mitch did that time.  And if I
don't you can guarantee he doesn't either."
	Mike pulled her close, moving to sit on the floor with her.  "Bed, floor, I
don't care, I just want to hear you scream for me again."  He pushed her back,
listening to her laugh.
		*	*	*
	Hands, mouths, heated flesh, were everywhere.  No matter which way she
turned, there was someone, and each one was so sweet, each so ready for her and
her hunger.  It had been days since she did more than just wake hungry. She
didn't have to feel the pangs of hunger, because they were there.  And not even
her constant need was a danger anymore.  There were so many of them.
	Like now, Brenda cried softly, her body pressed against Kris's as the young
vampire fed.  Meeting her mistress in heat and passion.  Soft skin, lips,
touches, both women sharing themselves with each other, in almost an innocent
gesture of love.
	"Oh, god," Kris lay back, Brenda resting against her.  "You okay, Sweety?  I
didn't hurt you there at the end did I?"
	Brenda just laughed softly, leaning up to kiss her.  "No, Mistress, despite
how much I was hoping you might.  You are less controlled when you are feeding
from me.  I keep hoping that you will forget I'm not dead just one time."
	"No,."  Kris grabbed her close.  "I don't dare forget that you are mortal, I
can't forget how easily I could hurt you.  Because if I ever do, even for just a
minute, I could kill you."  She kissed her forehead.  "It is far better for you
to play the games you and butch play with him and little one.  I have to always
remember how easily I could hurt one of you.  So if you want to be hurt, best
you turn to someone who can't kill you in the process."
	"You won't hurt me, Mistress, I know that.  We all know that.  Master won't
ever let any of us be hurt."
	Kris shook her head.  "Listen to me, Yeah Jessy is damn good at what he can
do, but he's not watching every move I make, anymore.  I could hurt you, without
meaning to, before he could step in to stop me.  Yes, because I don't have to
hunt for food, what with all of you just an arm length away, I have, control,
over my hunger that he says he didn't have until he was almost two.  But we both
agree that for the next few months, until I am a year or so, until he is
positive that I won't lose control, we are being ultra careful with all of you."
	"Besides, dear," Jessy dropped beside them both.  "Butch would never forgive
me if I couldn't stop Kris from going to far with you."  He leaned in and kissed
the girl.  "And neither would I."  He nibbled at her bottom lip before kissing
her again.  "Now, Sweety, would you please go and jump one of the boys that are
all over the place.  I need to talk to Kris."
	"Go on, honey, go play with butch and little one.  I'll be with you all soon
enough."  She looked up at Jessy.  "God, don't tell me you have something
important to talk to me about.  Not tonight, it's Thanksgiving, and I'm so
bloated on blood right now, I can't swear I could listen."
	He pressed his head against her breast, chuckling.  "Actually it is
important, but I thought, with as calm as you are now, it would be something
that you would enjoy."
	His hair was so soft, she loved to touch it.  "Okay, I'll try to be all
ears, but I can't make any promises."
	"How would you like if I showed you how to bond with them as I do?  I know
that the rest wish you could.  I have heard more than one, 'I wish', over the
time you have been here.  And, you're coming along much better than I thought
possible, so I don't see why you can't feed them like I do.  They are ours, and
not just mine.  Gods know, you have pointed that out to me enough."
	She nodded.  She had been nagging him for the last month or so to let her
help him to take care of them.  But he had kept telling her she was still too
young, she needed all the blood she got from them, to live.  "But, what about, I
don't feed ten or twelve times a night anymore, but, I still feed a lot.  Won't
it make me revert back to the endless feedings if I start to open a vein for
them?"
	"Yes, and no, baby.  Yes, if you were going to try to share blood with each
of them, bind them all to you, that would be stupid, and I am not going to be
stupid about this.  But your four, if you don't try and do them all every night,
it really shouldn't be that much of a strain on you."
	"What do you propose?"
	He traced his fingers up her flat belly, to gently cup a breast.  "Little
one, can make it three days without my blood, butch only needs me every other
night, but the others, they still are on a pretty regular diet of every night. 
You won't be able to take care of them, alone, but two a night, shouldn't push
you too much.  For those nights that you can't feed them, I will.  Soon enough,
it will get to the point that you can handle all four, every night.  But you
have got to learn to be patient."
	"Mitch?"
	"Same as the rest, you do what you can, and on the nights you can't, I will. 
I love that boy, almost as much as you do.  You know I won't let him suffer."
	"I know that.  I've seen you go out of your way, above and beyond the call
for them more than once.  Like when Tracy fell down the stairs and broke her
hip, you were up with her, all day, continually feeding her your blood so that
her hip would heal right."
	"Of course," he sounded a bit offended.  "When I took her in, to save her
life, I gave her my word that I wouldn't let her get hurt.  Her hip was broken,
that falls under hurt in a major way."
	"Why?"
	Jessy lifted his head to look down at her.  "Why, what?"
	"You're so, I don't know," she was trying to make him see what she was
trying to say.  "Incredibly gently with them.  It took you over ten years to
finally have Jake, who was always such a problem, push you into taking a stand. 
Why is it that you just seem to not only expect their trust, but get it almost
at once?"
	He struggled to find the words to something he never really thought about. 
He never really considered how and why he was the way he was.  "I don't know,
Kris, maybe it's because, as a vampire, I wasn't quite forty when the ban was
put in place.  I hated bottled blood, it just wasn't the same.  I never forget,
even for a minute, that keeping them here, like I do, now, means that I will
never have to go back to it.  Or maybe it's because I love them."
	"You know, for something that has a long standing rep for being ruthless,
soulless, bad ass killers, who lack all humanity.  Vampires seem so tame."
	He just laughed.  "A lot of the myths about us are just that myths.  But
there is a lot that comes from truth.  Some of us, are just as ruthless, and I
won't say soulless, because I think I have a soul, but certainly inhumane
killers that we are reported to be.  The way we keep our bunch, isn't the norm,
or so Janis tells me.  Even she doesn't go to the extreme that I do to make sure
that all those she keeps are content and happy.  And she is the one that, when
she gave me Randy, lectured me on what not to do to him."
	"I can just imagine.  We have thirteen, and it takes us both, to keep them
happy.  She's got how many, twenty-five, or more?  Just how the hell does she
keep up with them.  Now that she knows she doesn't dare lax in feeding them?"
	Jessy just chuckled.  "You don't know her like I do, ladylove.  Remember
that she chose me, while I was still in my most mercenary mind set.  And trust
me, she damn near killed me with her demands, long before she killed me to make
me her Childe.  After I warned her about what butch went through, she started to
feed more often so that she could see to her newest pretty boys.  And if I know
her, like I know I do, they aren't complaining."
	"So, you think I can start tonight?  God knows I have blood to spare."
	"Sure baby, and for tonight, you can feed all four of yours.  I'm sure that
between butch and little one, you won't have any problems."
	"Oh goody."
		*	*	*
	Mitch looked up as Kris's mind touched his.  *Yeah, Krissy, what can I do
for you? *
	*It's not what you can do for me, lover, but what I can do for you.  Why
don't you and little one bring sweety and puck, and come here. *  She watched as
Mitch gathered not only Brenda, who was curled up next to him, but Danny and
Ryan as well, and moved to where she lay on the bed.
	"What's up, Kris?"  Mitch threw himself down by her.
	"Got a early Christmas present for you all."  She pulled herself up into a
sitting position.  "Jessy just told me that I can start sharing my blood with
all of you."
	"But you aren't even a year old yet, isn't that dangerous for you?"  Yes he
would love to share with her what he shared with Jessy so often, but not at her
expense.
	"It's okay, Butch.  Yes, she would be put in danger of having to revert back
to feeding almost constantly, if I let her try to take on everyone of you.  But
for now, just you four, and then only two a night."  Jessy was grateful that he
wasn't the only one who worried about her.  "Little One can handle being fed
once ever three nights, and Butch, you can survive on an every other night
feeding schedule, but her other two are still feeding from me every night.  So
which ever she can't handle, I will.  But for tonight, with as much as she has
fed so far.  I am sure between you and little one, she won't be put out.  She is
going to feed you four.  But hear me, just this night, I don't want to have
anymore problems out of her like I did when she first came to live with me.  So
just this once."
	"I have a working plan, Jess."  Kris was near tears.  She had so wanted to
feel the complete openness that Jessy felt every time he let one of them feed
from him.  "There are four of them, and if I'm going to feed two a night, little
one is going to have to get used to living by the same feeding schedule that
butch has.  And I know feeding every other day instead of every three is just
going to kill him.  I will tend to them both one night, and sweety and puck the
next, and then back to butch and little one."  She grinned.  "Every other night,
and the night that I am taking care of butch and little one, you can still take
care of my other two, right?"
	"I already told you I would, baby.  You should know by now that my word is
always good.  Besides, I don't like feeling a knife in my gut, and that is what
I am risking if I neglect them."  He lifted Ryan's chin to kiss the boy.  "You
trust me, don't you Puck?"
	Ryan didn't bother to answer him, if he did, he would have to break the
kiss, and he didn't want to do that.
	Kris watched patiently as Jessy teased her boy.  "Come over here Mitch, you
are going to be the first."  His felt so good against her.  "Just as soon as
Jessy is finished playing around with puck, that is."
	Jessy just pulled back, laughing.  "What, you starting to be possessive of
him?  No fair, cousin, I was willing to share all those that had been mine for
so long with you.  Remember, this boy is one we went out and got together."
	"I'm not possessive of them, I just want to get on with this, if you only
knew how much."  She sank her fangs into Mitch, drinking briefly.
	Jessy bent and kissed Ryan, lightly.  "Run to the desk, baby.  There is a
knife in the top drawer.  Hurry and bring it to me."  He pulled back as Ryan
moved, at once.  "I'll finish losing myself in you, soon enough."
	Ryan didn't understand why Jessy needed a knife.  He never had before. 
"Master?"  He handed him the knife, blade down.
	"Ssshh, Puck, wait.  You trust me, right?"
	"Okay, Jess, what's the knife for?  I use my fangs, right?"  Kris, lay
there, Mitch pulled against her.
	"Yes, but, Janis mentioned the beauty of a blade, so I decided, seeing as
this is your first time feeding a mortal, that I would start as well."
	"So, what do I do with it now?  Cut my wrist, instead?"
	He smiled at her softly.  "Usually, but for tonight, I think your throat
would be a better choice."
	"Why?"
	He reached out and took her hand, turning. It, palm up.  "This is just an
artery.  Your throat is your jugular.  We don't bleed for long when cut, no
matter where it is.  But the jugular does give them much more than any artery." 
He looked down, smiling at Ryan.  "They respond much better, and it feels
wonderful.  It's closer to what it feels like to feed, than a wrist feeding." 
He bit his lip, to smear his blood on the blade, tempering the steel with it.
	"Damn," she took the knife.  "Sweety," she reached out for Brenda.  "Blow
him honey.  He'll return the favor when it's your turn."
	Mitch turned around in her arms, pushing her back to lay flat on the bed. 
"No, Krissy, if you're going to do this with me.  Let's do this together."  He
looked down at her, smiling, as his knee parted her thighs, and he slipped in.
	"I, I don't want to lose control, to hurt you."  She shuddered as he ground
his loins against hers.
	*Jessy, * Mitch reached out for the older vampire.
	*Yeah, Butch? *
	*Don't make me have to pull away, not now. *
	*Never, * he turned his attention to Kris, who was sobbing against Mitch's
lips.  "I'm here honey.  Go on, let him make love to you while you both feed. 
Just don't go for his throat."
	She pressed the point of the blade against her throat, cutting deep, hissing
at the sharp pain, but it was all forgotten as she pulled his head to the cut,
bending to sink her own fangs into her shoulder, scraping his collar bone as she
did.
	The feelings that flowed through him were the closest thing to a religious
experience that he had ever had.  He was completely lost, and as Kris's legs
lifted to crush his hips against her, he came, crying out in exquisite pain.
	She no longer cared about anything but the delicious feeling of his blood in
her mouth as she sheathed him.  It was heaven.  She could die now, and never
doubt that she had felt it all.
	*Enough, Kris, you have to pull back now. *  Jessy had never had to use his
will to force her to pull back from Mitch, but he was having too now.  *You have
to pull back, NOW! *  His will forced his demand on hers, forcing her to pull
back, to stop feeding.
	Kris lay there, fighting to regain some semblance of control.  "Mitch?"
	He looked down at her.  "Damn, baby, that was . . . . . "
	"I know, but we can't do that often.  Not until I get a whole hell of a lot
more in-control of myself."
	He looked down at her, shaking his head in denial.  "Why? I'm not hurt, you
didn't do anything to me but make it oh so good."
	"No, Butch, she is right.  I have never had to push her with you like I just
did.  Remember, love, you were her promised before she was mine."  Jessy held
out his hand.  "Now, why don't you pull away from her for a while.  Soon enough
you can lose yourself in her again.  But she has three others to tend to.  Just
wait, by the time she is through with them, she will be more than able to be
with you again."
	Mitch pulled away, but slowly, not at all happy about having to, but Jessy
was right, if he had to force Kris to stop with him, he really shouldn't be with
her right now.  His feelings of self-preservation fighting with his want to lose
himself in her again.  But finally his desire to keep living out weighted his
want to give himself to her again."
	Danny wanted what Mitch had just had, but Kris didn't dare, Jessy wasn't
watching her as closely as he had been.  But she smiled as Brenda went to help
her with him.  And he came the moment he tasted her blood.

	"She's won him forever."  Mitch murmured against Bobby's cheek.
	"He say's she's had him since the first time she fed from him.  How does it
feel to share her love with someone other than Master?"
	Mitch shrugged.  "I don't know how to explain that, Bob, how does it feel to
you knowing Alex is dear to Randy?"
	Bobby just laughed softly.  "Touche."
	"No, I'm serious.  You've been with Alex longer than I have been with Kris,
and you owned him."
	Bobby shrugged.  "Master says I'm good at what I used to be, but now, with
him, I'm just happy to share him with master and pet.  And he let's us share
each other."
	"That's pretty much how I feel about Kris and Danny.  Hell I feel that what
about you all.  Suppose it has something to do with the fact that I was not
myself when I first came here."  He reached out, cupping Bobby, "like now,
Krissy is busy taking care of the rest, Jessy is with Ryan."  He had learned,
with Danny, how good kissing someone other than Kris was.  And how good being
with someone else was as well.
	
	Kris swore to herself, as, she pulled away from Ryan, to go into Jessy's
arms, mouth hot on his flesh, that she would never forget this day.  It didn't
matter how long she lived, or how many times she was given this again, she would
never forget this first time.  Not even the tie she was now sharing with Jessy
could, even touched what she felt when fed her mortal lovers.
	*Open up to me. *  He wanted to lose his identity in her for now.  To, give
her everything.
	Kris just screamed as she gave her whole self to him, opening up like she
never had.  It was so overwhelming, so perfect, that she had to flee
consciousness to keep from staying.
		*	*	*
	*Kris, * Jessy patted her cheek, trying to wake her.  *You there baby? *
	"Wow."  She laughed, huskily.  "Damn, baby, that's the first time you ever
did that to me."
	"That, beloved, is because this is the first time I have ever wanted to give
myself, fully to another.  I told you once, back in the beginning that I wanted
to share eon's with you.  Now, we are as close as two souls can be and not be in
one body."  He sank his fangs into her flesh again, listening to her cry out
softly.  *Now we can share this, always. *
	*I, oh God, this, * she couldn't even think.
	"Come here, Ryan, I do believe that we've been forgotten for now."  Mitch
just laughed pulling the boy to him. 
	Ryan sighed, pressing against him.  "I'm sure I will live."
		*	*	*
	The rest of the night was nothing but a haze to her.  How man times had she
needed to feed, how many times had she been fed from?  She didn't know, but as
she turned over slowly beginning to wake, Not hungry for the first time since
her making, she realized that it must have been a whole lot.




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 12
	*You're being incredibly lazy tonight.  I've been waiting for you to wake up
for almost an hour. *  The soft, amused voice filled her soul.
	*I'm not a morning person, and I'm still full. *  She snuggled against him. 
*Besides, aren't we supposed to sleep in tonight? *  She was not waking, for
anything.  She just snuggled further into his arms and sighed. 
	*We are alone, beloved. *  Jessy lifted her chin to kiss her lightly. 
Chuckling at the slow, sleepy response.
	*Happy, happy, joy, joy, let me sleep, baby.  I'm deadbeat. *
	*I won't wake you honey, just lay back and sleep.  I'm hungry, you took a
lot from me last night. *  His fangs sank into her throat, trying not to disturb
her in the process.  'Poor baby, she is just so tired'.  He hadn't thought that
when he made his commitment to her that she would take it to the extremes she
did.
	'Who was he kidding'?  She couldn't just sleep, as he fed from her.  She had
never been in the place of just being fed from.  Every time they had linked.  *I
love you. *
	*I know, baby, and you know how I feel, now hush, and sleep. *
	She stirred against him.  *You have got to be kidding me. *
	He laughed softly, as Kris reached up to pull his head back down to her
throat as her fangs sank into his.
		*	*	*
	*Master? * Patty's bright thoughts filled Jessy's mind, as he lay there with
Kris, relaxed and drowsy.
	*Girl, you finished yet? *
	*Oh yes, all we are waiting is for you to come and do your traditional
putting the Angel on the top of the tree.  A little more ice-cycles after you
do, and it will be finished for another year. *
	*Am I going to need a ladder this year? *
	Laughter sprinkled down over him, *yeppers. *
  "What's so funny?"  Kris pulled up as Jessy began to laugh.
	"Patty, I was just informed that they are ready for us to make an
appearance.  I get to put the angel on the tree, and when I asked her if I would
need a ladder this time, she just laughed at me and said, 'yeppers'."
	They both pulled themselves up and began to slip on the robes they had worn
the night before, soon enough would come time for a shower.  "You know
something, Jess?"
	"No, what?"
	"I just realized how much you actually run every thing that goes on in this
house."
	He stopped, hand on the door.  Actually thinking about it for the first
time.  He had never thought to question his place here before now.  "You know
what, love, I do believe you are right.  Funny how I never stopped to think
about it."
		*	*	*
	The tree was enormous.  The top stood a good twelve feed into the air, it
would take at least eight of them arms stretched to circle the thing.  It
sparkled and shimmered with lights that winked cheerfully, ornaments reflecting
the light.  And on top of it all a fine web of silver webbing as the ice-cycles
layered it.
	"So, Kris, Jessy, what do you think?"  Mitch was really rather pleased with
it himself.  He had found the tree, and as such was rewarded with picking, this,
years ornament to mark the year.  He had chosen a simple glass ball, purple in
color with the year done in bright green.
	Kris just looked at it, trying to come up with the words for the beautiful
sight before her.  Out side of the trees she had seen decorated in parks and in
the mall, it was the biggest tree she had ever seen, and even the mall's
professional's couldn't match the simple grace of the decorations.  "'Fuck me'." 
She used one of Jessy's favorite lines when faced with disbelief.
	"I'm going to take that as a good sign."  He moved to pull her close.  *I
had a good cry a little while ago, while I was helping to decorate the tree.  We
all did. *  "All she needs is an Angel on top and she will be perfect."
	*What was wrong? *  She didn't feel any pain in the room, why would they be
upset.
	"It's okay, Krissy, it's one of the reason's why Randy and Patty were so
insistent about you two staying downstairs until called.  We don't tend to think
about what we left behind, but decorating a Christmas-tree, sort of reminds us
for a minute, makes us re-evaluate our desires to be here, and that is good.  We
need to think about the commitment we have with you both.  Or so that is how
they explained it.  Me I just missed my folks for a few minutes, before putting
it away, I am here, and I don't want to ever leave."
	*Let it go, baby, I had a long talk with my bunch several years back. 
Trying to get them to at the very least wait until I was up and moving before
they touched this emotional pain.  But they just told me that as long as I am
up, they couldn't just let go they would be too affixed to me and, my, wants and
needs to ever just let go. *  Jessy lay a hand on her shoulder.  "It's even
lovelier than last year.  I think every year you strive to out do yourselves."
	"Would you like to crown the tree before you see the bill, or afterwards?" 
Randy waved a sales recite, grinning.
	"Afterwards, while I still think it is so wonderfully beautiful.  With out
knowing what it cost me."
	"He's going to have a fit."  Mitch whispered to Kris as Jessy retrieved the
ladder.  *Tax and all it was seven hundred and fifty nine dollars and spare
change. *  He grinned at Kris as she choked.
	"You spent how much?  My god, Mitch."  She was shocked.  The most she had
ever seen anyone spend on a tree was a hundred and seventy-five, and that was a
nice tree, not great, but not ugly either.
	"Yes, she is truly beautiful."  Jessy stood back and admired the tree. 
"Now, let me see the bill."
	"Worth it, don't you think?"  Randy handed him the recite.
	Jessy looked at the price, then back up at the tree again, then the price,
before finally lower his hand as he looked back up again.  "I must say, Pet, you
certainly got 'my' moneys worth, all in all, you got a bargain."
	"Well of course, what did you think we were just out trying to find the
absolute most expensive tree, without looking at what we were buying.  Mitch,
spotted it for us, he gets the credit.  Though if he hadn't jumped on it, I was
about to."
	"So, Butch, you got to pick out the year's ornament?"
	"Yeah, I did, I think Krissy, will really like this one, she has pretty
simple tastes in things like this."
	"And how much did you blow for this trinket?"
	"Would you believe, I got it for a little more than ten?"  There was
smugness in his voice.
	"Ten? I dread to see it.  Last years cost me almost eighty."
	"I think you'll like it.  It isn't fancy, but it is elegant in a simple
way."  He carefully lifted an ornament off the tree.  And presented it to them. 
Merry Christmas you two."
	It was a paper this ball of translucent purple glass, with a simple Merry
Christmas with two thousand five - two thousand six, in bright green
calligraphy.  A red bow with a plastic holly sprig was rapped around the gold
cap.  "Baby, I don't know what to say."  Jessy was afraid to breathe, lest he
break it.
	"Well I do.  Butch, it is, how did you know?"
	"Purple is your favorite color, and when I say the design, it just looked, I
don't know . . .. Perfect."  He reached out to point to the date on the
ornament.  "I liked the way they tied in a new beginning with the ending, a
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year."
	"Damn, love, you're right.  I've seen ornaments dated like this before, but
I never thought of it quite that way."  Jessy carefully handed him back the
ornament.  "Make sure that one is packed alone in a sea of peanuts when it comes
time to take it down.
	"Well, we are definitely going to have to stop the get a little better every
year."  Jake commented to Danny.
	Jessy looked up at him.  "Why's that Boy?  I always thought you got almost
as much kick out of this, as, pet does."
	He just chuckled.  "Oh trust me Master, I do.  But after that tree, and that
ornament, forget doing better, we are going to be doing damn good to even get
close to matching it next year.
	"Oh I am sure you will come up with something, perhaps a theme.  Or go out
of your way to find the cheapest tree you can find, and the most tacky of
ornaments.  Even if you had to go out and buy all new decorations, it wouldn't
cost me near as much as this year did."
	"Not fair Jessy."  Randy fussed.  "We didn't buy any new ornaments this
year, except the one Mitch picked out, so the total bill was less than eight. 
You got off cheap this year.  After getting the tree, the new bunch that came
pretty much when Kris did, they were in shock.  They had a fit when Tracy
suggested going ornament shopping.  The tress only looks different because, with
as fat and tall as it is, there was plenty of room to put all the decorations we
have on, and it not look cramped."
	Jessy looked over the tree once again, and took another view.  Randy was
right, other than the Year ornament and the ice-cycles, there were no new
decorations.  Everything from past holidays was there, from last year all the
way back to the first Christmas he had shared with Randy.  The Angel that sat so
primly on the top of the branches was the one that after Randy had decorated the
tree, they had noticed that it just seemed to, miss something.  Jessy was the
one to point out they didn't have a star, and went out to get one.  But it
wasn't any star he brought home, but, porcelain satin and lace Angel.  The
pristine whiteness of her feathered wings still gleamed brightly.  Every year
she was packed away in the specially designed box she came in, and that box in
another to shelter her and every year when they decorated the tree, she was
brought out.  And every year, Jessy topped the tree with her.  So, many, good
memories.
	"Jessy, Master," Randy reached for him.  "What is wrong, why are you
crying?"
	Jessy just kissed him, making soft shushing noises.  "Nothing is wrong, Pet,
I was just remembering when I got the Angel, and how many good memories have
been had since then."
	"Yeah, come to think of it Master, we have had a lot of things to be
thankful for, haven't we?"
	Jessy laughed at him, pulling him even closer.  "I will see to it that I
give you something to be thankful for Pet."
		*	*	*
	Kris moved past where Jessy was amusing himself with Randy.  "What's wrong,
Puck?  You don't look like you feel none too good."
	Ryan smiled at her.  "Just trying to work it all out in my head, Mistress."
	"Why?  What's the problem.  The tree is beautiful.  You all did such a
wonderful job on it.  I would have thought, you of the entire bunch would be
grinning from ear to ear.  It's just not like you to not be happy at times like
this.  Ever since we brought you home.  Of all the new ones, other than butch,
precious and angel, you are the happiest of you all."  She stroked his cheek.
	"I am happy Mistress.  It's just the last real Christmas I had, I was
eleven, I still believed in Santa Clause."
	"Why, what happened?" 
	"My dad left us the following June.  After that, my mom went pretty much to
shit."  He was not comfortable talking about his past.  He only hoped that his
mistress would find something else she wanted to talk about.  "Are you hungry?"
	Kris laughed pulling him close.  "How did you know?  I don't know how I
could be, I think I almost ate you alive last night."  She pushed his hair aside
bringing her mouth and fangs up to his throat.  'What a wonderful way to start
the day.'
		*	*	*
	Sam lay back against Tracy, watching all that went on around them.  In the
last month, so much of his life had changed.  He used to think that he had it
made when he could afford to pay his bills, and still had money left over for
food.  But now, all he could ever hope to want, was there for the taking, all he
had to do, was accept that someone owned him.  That he would never be free
again.  But free to do what.  Here, he had people who cared about him, clothes,
a warm bed, food, and all the freaky sex he could ever want.  He was glad the
blood that his master fed him almost nightly, was enough to heal the claw-mark's
on his back, because if it couldn't, with the way Tracy tended to chew him up,
nightly, he would be in real sad shape.  "Wanna go to the bed, Baby?"  He
nibbled at her ear, hands working under her top, to caress her breasts and
belly.  "I think I need another round with you clawing my back again."  His
master had seen to him, but nothing more than just sharing his blood with him. 
It had been almost two weeks since his master had done anything more to him.  "I
got this itch, you understand." 
	Tracy laughed at him.  "Poor baby, with as much as you like my nails, you
really should try to talk master into letting pet or angel spend a little more
time with you."
	He shook his head.  "Nah, I am way too fond of women.  Oh a man does just
fine, but I really think I like women better."  He grinned tweaking the nipple
of her breast that he was cupping.  "You trying to get rid of me or something? 
And here I thought you liked me, I know you do, got the claw-mark's to prove
it."
	She giggled, hissing and bearing her nails at him.  "I do, like you, a whole
lot.  Just wanted to make sure that, with as much as you like when I mark you,
you knew that if you went to look for someone a little more prone to do damage,
I understood."
	He shifted so he lay over her, kissing her.  "I think you suit my tastes,
just fine, Baby.  I won't ask anything from you that you aren't comfortable
about giving.  So if you are happy, scratching my 'itch', I'm happy to let you
scratch away.  But if you ever decide that you might find something else
interesting, I'm game."
	She grinned up at him.  "Should I bother master, and see if he is willing to
loan me something for you?  He has all the things that he has been playing with
Randy, Alex and Bobby with.  Do you think, he might take offense at me trying to
borrow one of his things, or should we go out tomorrow and you help me to pick
out a few things for us."  The idea of trying her hand at playing the games she
had watched her master and mistress play with their special ones for the last
seven months, had done more than just mildly interest her.  And if Sam was
interested too, that was cool by her.
	Sam shrugged.  "We could ask, but we probably should if it looks like it
might be worth the effort, look around tomorrow and see if there's something
that hits our fancy.  I'm serious, Tracy.  You are the closest thing I have ever
had to a full time lover.  Oh, I made my living, putting out for anyone who had
twenty bucks, but not anything real.  And our master, he did go out and get me
for you.  It's kind of cool, you know, the thought of being a slave to a slave."
	She pushed him off her, sitting up.  "You serious, Sam?"
	"I think so.  I mean, you dig furrows out of my back almost nightly, I'm
used to it.  If trying to take it farther, don't work for us, then we can always
go back to you clawing my back till it bleeds.  But if it does work out, I won't
lie to you.  Master is cool and all, but I would much prefer to answer to a
woman, and mistress has got her hands way too full with Mitch, Danny, Ryan and
Brenda.  I don't think she would have time to let me try and see if I am up to
more than just claws in my back."
	She grinned even wider.  "Master," she looked up to where Jessy was in the
middle of working on Randy and Alex.
	Jessy pulled back, rubbing the welts from the crop that decorated Alex's
back.  "I'm busy right now, Baby, what do you need?"
	"Nothing major Master, just wanted to know if you had a few toys, that you
weren't using, that I could borrow?"
	Jessy leaned over Alex.  "What say you Precious?  Had enough of the crop for
now?"
	"I haven't used my safeword yet Master."  He protested. 
	"No, and I'm not finished seeing how far I can take you before you do, but I
am tired of using the crop.  Now, I haven't even tried you with the whip, or
flogger.  Don't worry, Precious, the night is not even half over for you."  He
pulled up.  "Why do you ask Baby?"
	Tracy shrugged.  "Bright Eyes and I were kind of interested in seeing just
how far we are up to going with each other.  If you are busy, it's cool.  I can
always claw his back some more, and tomorrow, we can go out and go shopping
together."
	"You might want to do just that.  Last time I checked, it wasn't good for a
master to loan out his things."  He looked to where Sam lay beside her.  "So, I
have another one like my boys, hu?"
	She giggled.  "Yes, and no.  I think so, but as we are just now talking
about it, I don't know yet."
	"Well, then, I would suggest, tomorrow when you two go out on your search,
you look into a few things.  I'll have Angel make up a list of things, that if
you are serious, you might look into getting for him.  What I don't understand,
is what is it with all of you?  For me, it is only expected.  I am the master of
my home after all, but every time I turn around, I keep finding more and more
that are ever so ready to lay under me and my lash."
	Tracy shook her head.  "Not me Master, but Bright Eyes, and he is more
partial to women than men, and well mistress is busy, and you did get him for
me, so well, what can I say?"
	Jessy chuckled shaking his head.  A den of iniquity, that is what I seem to
be running here.  Sure Baby, by all means, if you and bright eyes are interested
in experimenting with each other, you have my blessings."
	"Thank you Master."  She turned back to Sam.  "Still have that itch?"
	"Oh yeah, and it's getting worse.  Want to take me somewhere and scratch it
for me?"  He lowered his head.  "Mistress."
		*	*	*
	"Okay, kids, here's the list, that master promised you I would come up with. 
Now, Tracy, are you sure, you are up to this?"  Bobby handed her a sheet of
paper with a long list of things he had thought they might find useful.
	"Oh, yeah.  Last night was wonderful."  She grinned at Sam, who blushed. 
She hadn't had any of the things that she was used to seeing her master with,
but she soon discovered she was absolutely amazed at what a wooden spoon,
properly applied could do.  Sam, who had started calling her mistress, even
before they made it back to her room, and spent hours, crying in pain, as he
came again and again, and crying for more to keep it going.
	"Okay, you need me to go with you, to help you locate some of this stuff? 
You have to know who to ask in some places, and what to ask for.  Like you say
restraints, and in a lot of places, you're going to get handcuffs, or even
sadder the last time I went shopping for a butt plug for Alex, it took me
forever to make the girl at the shop understand I wanted a plug, and not a
dildo."
	Tracy looked at Sam, he was blushing even harder.  "Sure, do you think what
without master with us, our collars will be visible?"
	"Probably.  You have a problem with that?"
	"No, but I was just wondering, so if I take him shopping and decide to hook
a leash to his collar, it would be seen?"
	"Unless you run across nothing but blind folk, sure.  But Tracy, are you
sure you want to do that?  Some of the places that we will go in search of a toy
chest for the two of you, Sam will be very conspicuous."
	She just shrugged.  "Oh, well, so he will be conspicuous.  He'll get over
it, I am sure."
	"Baby, I don't know about this.  It's one thing, here, everyone else knows
us, but, I might run into an old customer and there are a few that would be
pissed as hell if they saw me, not only collared, but on a leash.  I spent a lot
of my time, turning guys down who were into this."
	"Remember what you said last night, about it being cool to be a slave of a
slave?  I am sure you will live through it."
	"But Baby," he tried to reason with her, but she only gave him a frosty
look.  "Okay, I'll mind."
	Bobby laughed.  "My, my, girl, I think you got his attention.  You two plan
to make this real, then you are well on your way to doing just that.  Our master
came close a couple of times last night to looking in on the two of you.  Your
boy there, he was making enough noise to wake the dead.  First things first, you
are going to need to invest in a gag.  Or train him to learn to be quiet."
	She shook her head.  "I don't want to gag him Bobby.  I kind of like the
noise he makes."
	Sam stood there, feeling left out as the two discussed him as if he wasn't
even there.
	"Well, as soon as he finished getting the play room downstairs built, that
won't be a problem.  But as long as you two are planning to stay in your room to
play, then take my advice.  Either gag him, or make him learn to be quiet."
	"Is that your professional advice?  Or just trying to make sure that our
master doesn't get sidetracked with all the noise he makes?"
	Bobby reached out and playfully swatted at her.  "If truth be known, a
little of both.  Your boy, he can be damn distracting, and I would just as soon,
not have my master, pause again while he is with me to stop and listen to him
scream.  It interrupts things too much."
	"All I used on him last night was a wooden spoon from the kitchen, I didn't
know he was going to react like that."  She giggled, "but now that I do, yeah
you're right, we are going to have to get a gag.  I don't think I would make him
be quiet.  And punishing him for making all that noise is sort of a waste of
time.  All that is going to do is make him that much louder."
	"Well, you go get his leash, I'll keep an eye on him till you get back." 
Bobby reached out and lay a hand on the back of Sam's neck.  "Kneel boy.  You
wanted this from her, so it's time you learned to live with it.  Our master, he
isn't big into some of the etiquette that normally is expected from a bottom to
his top, but your, lady, she isn't the master.  And a slave to a slave, means
that you are going to have to learn how to behave fast, and make sure you are as
perfect as possible at all times.  If you make Tracy look bad with your poor
behavior, it will in the end come back and make our master and mistress look
bad.  And you don't want that, do you?"
	Sam went to his knees, "no, sir."  What had he been thinking?  Was it really
this important to him, that he would meekly follow her around, on a leash no
less?  But as he knelt there, under Bobby's hand, he decided, that 'yes' it was
that important.  He had never had a lady, or mistress before coming here, and
all his dreams and darkest fantasies had always had him as he was now.  As
horrifying and humbling as it was going to be for him.  He wanted this. 
"Anything else I need to know right off?"
	"For now, you can probably impress her by remembering to kneel when she
stops and keep quiet unless she wants you opinion on something.  The rest, I
will help her to work out as you go along."
		*	*	*
	Sam tried hard not to notice the people around him as he was led on a leash
at Tracy's side.  No one was laughing or mocking him, but they all kept looking
like they were thinking about it.
	The shop that Bobby led them too, was simply named 'The Adult Toy Store'. 
"In here, you should luck into most of the things you will need with him."
	"My God."  Tracy blushed as she picked up a huge black strap on.  It had to
be a foot long, and as big around as her wrist.  "People actually use these
kinds of things?"
	"Yes, ma'am, that is one of our best sellers."  The young man that was
working smiled at her.  "We have a few bigger ones, width wise in the back, but
that is about as long as we get.  You looking for something for yourself, or
looking to get it for a gift?"
	"I'm helping her to get things she is going to need to break in her new
slave."  Bobby offered, looking down to where Sam knelt on his knees by her. 
"She's real new, you understand how it is."
	"Well, then, can I possibly interest you in a few things that we don't
usually keep on the shelves?"
	Bobby looked at Tracy, "care to look?"
	"Sure, can I bring Sam with me?  He's the one I am buying these things for
after all."
	"Hey, I'm just here to help you pick out some things, what you do with him,
is your call.  Take him with you, or let him stay here with me, I don't care."
	Tracy looked from the sales clerk who was waiting for her to decide what to
do, and then down to San.  "You're not coming back with me?"
	"I wouldn't miss this for the world."  He laughed.  "The concept that this
place actually has things that they can't put out in plane sight, what a
temptation."
	"Okay, let's go."




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 13
	Jessy turned slowly, pulling Kris close.  "Merry Yule, beloved."  He kissed
her.
	"Hmmm, Merry Christmas to you too, baby."  She took his tendency to avoid
recognizing Christian titles whenever he could, in stride.  That was just Jessy,
and she would probably as the years went by, get to be just as bad.  "I have a
Christmas present for you."
	"I know, I saw it under the tree.  I have been dying to find out what it
is."
	She just laughed at him.  "No, Jess, something other than that."
	He just snorted.  "Does it come wrapped in a ribbon, or you just wish to
begin this Yule off right?"
	"Both.  My gift to you is tied up with a bow, and just as soon as we make it
upstairs, and take care of the Christmas gifts, the Yule orgy will begin."
	"You didn't have to get me anything else, hell baby, you didn't have to get
me any presents at all.  Having you here with me, every night and every day, is
gift enough."
	"That isn't a gift, pretty boy, that is something we share with each other. 
As for not having to get you anything extra, baby, I could spend every dime I
have on you and still think I missed something."
*     *     *
	The house was alive as they came up the stairs.  Hair still wet from their
shower.  "Merry Yule."  He smiled at them all.
	A chorus of season's greetings met them.  All around the room, they sat,
still dressed for the most part in either robes or pajama bottoms  "Come on over
Master, Mistress, we have gifts for you both."  Jake held out a hand.  Since
making it back from being trapped in his mind, totally defenseless, he had swore
he would never do anything to get sent back there, ever again.
	"Presents they say."  Jessy grumbled, smiling.  "They buy expensive things
that sparkle and twinkle for us, and we get the bill."
	"Not true, Master.  I will have you know that all of us have been saving up
the allowance you give us each for months, and for those of us who haven't been
here as long, Bobby helped to cover their expenses."
	"I was only teasing pet, I don't care about money.  Janis has me set up so
that I could pretty much spend hundreds of thousands a year, and still not hurt
myself, and on the un-likelihood that I do get tight, Kris is more than just
simply my wife, she is my mate."
	"I'll be paying Randy back forever."  Mike hugged the man.  "But, after I
saw this, I just had to have it for you."
	"You don't owe me anything, Mike, that is a beautifully practical present,
and I am happy to be part of you giving it to them."
	"And Kris and I have a special present for each of you as well."  Jessy
moved to sit by the tree.  "So, who shall play old St. Nick?"
	"You know, the oldest man in the room, and Master, you have us beat by over
a century." 
	Jessy blew him a kiss, bending down to pick up the first present, a tiny
box.  "Kris, this is for you."  And he passed it to her.
	"Thanks, Jess."  She looked down at the gold box in her hand, the tag that
hung from it.  "Jessy," she carefully pulled the top off the boy to display a
velvet ring box.  Inside a band of bright gold with the most gorgeous Amethyst
she had ever seen, so dark a purple that at some angles, it almost looked black. 
It had to be a good five to six carats of flawless stone, and set in a princess
cut setting, bracketed on both sides by a thin band of tiny diamonds.  "Oh," she
burst into tears, hand over her mouth as she looked down at the ring.
	"Here," he took the box from her, gently pulling the ring out of where it
was held, taking her left hand, slid the ring on her middle finger, beside where
Mitch's engagement ring still sat.  "I know, that there is no way you and I
could ever go before a priest and make our vows, but when I opened myself to you
as completely and I did, and you responded by opening yourself up as well.  We
became more than married.  We are now lifemates.  Soulmate's, for the lack of a
better, more complete word."
	Kris just cried, trying to see well enough to reach for her present to him. 
It was a tiny box as well.  "I couldn't have said it better."
	Jessy had trouble opening the box; his hands were shaking so, and an even
harder time with the ring box within.  He gasped looking at the ring within.  A
large, solid gold band, with a wide, long, bar setting of emerald.
	"It matches your eyes."  She took the box from him and slipped the ring on
his hand.  "I didn't fully understand what it would mean if I opened to you, but
now that I have, I can't think of a time when I wasn't.  I love Mitch, more than
I could ever tell him, but I never really lived before you."  Then she smiled,
ignoring the tears as they ran down her face to stain the light lavender robe
she was wearing.  "But it doesn't stop there."  She reached under her seat and
pulled out a small, flat, box.  "I just got this back from our friend,
yesterday.  He, did remarkable work."  She held out the box.  "Merry Christmas,
Jessy."
	He took the box, from her, too stunned to even speak.  What, could, she
possibly think of that could ever compare to what she had just given him?
	The knife was thin, and the handle was exquisite.  A single ruby on each
side set into the design as eyes of the oriental dragon that the handle
portrayed.
	"The handle is gold, but the blade is carbonized steel.  That is the hardest
thing about these ceremonial daggers, finding one that not only has an edge, but
can keep it as well."
	There was a chorus of groans in the room.  They all had thought of the same
gift.  Each one, sure that the present that they had gotten was the best, but no
one could even hope to touch what Kris had just given Jessy.
	"So much for that idea."  Randy muttered to Sam.  "And here I thought for
sure that what with it being the first Yule after introducing the benefits of a
knife, that no one would think about it."
	The younger man just laughed at him.  "Who are you kidding, you've drank
from Master when he cuts his throat, it was pretty much a given that we all
would conspire to out do each other in the sharp pointy objects division.  Just
after looking at the knife Mistress gave him, it's all pretty much a waste of
effort."
	Jessy broke eye contact with Kris, looking back down at the ornate blade in
the box in his hands.  Chuckling softly.  "I do believe you stole their thunder,
love."
	"Not really, with as many different places in the house that we end up in
the night, the more knives the better."
		*	*	*
	"It's beautiful, Pet," Jessy held up the single dagger that Randy had found
for him.
	"You keep saying that."  Kris just laughed, looking around at the small
arsenal that they had collected.  So far, they had each, gotten, knives from
each of their lot.  Twenty pretty, ornate, and delicately designed blades.
	"I don't think this is a knife."  Jessy held up a flat box, but it was too
big to be hiding another blade.
	"It isn't."  Bobby sat back quietly as Jessy opened the present, which ended
up being a black handled long lashed cat-a-nines.  "You have been obsessing
about all the quote, un-quote things that a real Dom has to have.  Well, Master
that is one of the things that go with the look you are trying for.
	"I would never, do you have any idea how much damage this thing can do?"  It
was a truly spectacular gift, but it was too much.
	"I know that, Master, it's just for looks.  Will add a certain threat, to
the playroom you're building downstairs."  He grinned at Tracy.  "Found it some
time back, when I was helping baby, to get the things she needs for her boy
there."
	"And how do you think she is coming along?  I haven't bothered stopping in
and checking on them.  I figured, bright eyes hasn't come to me and begged for
mercy yet, so it must be going well for him."
	"As long as you keep feeding him your blood Master, I don't think he ever
will, he's worse in his own way than I am, believe it or not."
	Jessy laughed at him.  "That is something I find very hard to believe
Angel."
	"Well, if she hadn't got a gag for him, you'd have heard him, and then you
would believe.  This ability that we have now, thanks to you and mistress, to
talk without words, it means she don't have to worry about not knowing when it's
time to stop with him."
	Jessy nodded.  "We'll discuss this later, but for now, there are still
presents to be handed out."
	Mike grinned as they both opened his present.  "I figured you two were
getting too many knives to begin with, but a good sharpening kit.  Can't have
all these pretty things going dull on you, now can we?"
	The bag revealed a thin electronic sharpening wheel, with a polishing cloth. 
"This must have cost you a pretty penny, love."
	"Not really, it cost Randy a pretty penny, I didn't have the money to get it
by myself."
	"How much a week are you giving them baby?"  Kris pulled the sharpening kit
out of its case.
	"Two hundred a month.  I buy all the food, clothes, pay all the bills, that
money is for them to blow on little things that strike their fancy.  Hell I even
buy the marijuana and wine that they go through in this house, and it isn't dirt
weed that they are used to either.  So I figured, what with that expense out of
the way, what else could they possibly want?"
	"Don't' worry Mistress, Master has a real deep bank.  When he says he takes
care of us, that he covers everything, he means it."  Randy hugged her.  "And
after discovering that he is willing to spring for the pot and booze, there
really isn't much more that I need.  Don't suppose I ever finished growing up,
but as long as I got food, clothes, a roof over my head some one to own me, and
my recreational tools, I am pretty much content."
	"Merry Christmas, loves."  Mitch held a box out to each.  Again, they both
were tiny boxes, obviously rings.  "There is no way I can ever hope to even come
close to what you both just gave each other, but I figured, if I can't out shine
you, I might as well try for a deeper meaning."  He smiled.  "Kris, I was going
to marry you, I love you more than life, more than any one else here.  I know
for you, now, I will always play second place in your heart.  But that doesn't
matter, I still love you, and like Jessy said, even though we can't ever really
stand infront of a minister on our wedding day, that is no reason why you can't
wear a band."  He opened a box in his hands to display a plane, simple, gold
wedding band.  Nothing fancy, just very simple in it's beauty.  "I belong to
you, will be with you for the rest of my life.  Already love, honor, and obey
you."  He pulled his engagement ring from her finger long enough to slip the
band on.  "Can I kiss the bride?"
	The ring in Jessy's box wasn't a wedding band, but it still was quiet in its
simple beauty.  It was a simple band of gold with a whip and crop crossed,
engraved on the face.  "I," he pulled the younger man close, kissing him.
	"I already had Krissy's, all I had to do was slip back into our old house,
which is now your old house, I might add, and get it.  But yours, I had to have
designed special and made.  Bobby loaned me the money for it.  It was more than
I had to spare at this moment.  A mold had to be made, I own it, and it had to
be hand crafted.  There is not another ring like it anywhere.  There are others
out there that look something like it, but that is an original piece of work." 
He nodded at Ryan.  "The ring might come from me, but puck did the sketch for
it."
	Jessy slipped it on the little finger of his left hand.  "You do realize
Butch, with as pretty as this is, and as obvious as what the theme for its
design is, I just might start to wonder if you might now be just a little bit
like, our, boys are."
	"Pain, I am learning to love, but I don't bend.  Which is one of the many
reasons I can live here and be happy, neither you or Kris are big on making me
bend."  He moaned, thrusting his hips forward into the hand that was touching
him.  "And I know you can, that is the most wonderful thing of all.  You could
very easily, and you don't."
	"Absolute power, baby, corrupts absolutely.  I tried for so long with the
others, to just never touch the power that they have given me over them.  I was
afraid that, even though I'm not mortal anymore, I am still all too human.  But
with Kris here, and the constant need to be a good influence, to see she is
raised right.  I can finally at long last give into what I've been denying
myself for so long."

	They all sat around, waiting patiently.  Jessy never failed to always go out
of his way to surprise them, every year. 
	*Ladies first. *  Jessy smiled at her.
	*No go on, this is as much a gift to you as it is to, them. *  She touched
his cheek.
	"Okay, I actually have two presents for you each.  First silver dog tags to
go with your collar, with your name, or at least the one I prefer to use, on it. 
And then," he pulled out a piece of paper, unfolded it, and lay it on the coffee
table infront of him.
	The design was breath taking.  A simple J and K, but interwoven with each
other, the J a vibrant greens, the K in deep rich purples.  "Bobby got me to
thinking when he asked me, back when his was still wandering, if I was going to
brand him.  I promised him I wouldn't.  I can't even think of the agony that
would put you all through, but a tattoo that would be nice.  I want to announce
it to the world how I feel about all of you.  And now I can."
	"Wow," Tracy just breathed.  "Where you planning to mark us Master?"
	"Obviously not where Raymond had planned to put mine.  Sorry pretty girl but
last time I checked, being a girl, means you don't have balls.  Be mighty damn
hard to tattoo that in an area that doesn't exist on you, don't you think?" 
Bobby smiled.
	"He was going to have you branded . . . There?"  Jessy was stunned.  "Gods,
Angel, I should have done more than just reduce him to a mindless wretch, that
walked out in traffic to be killed, when I saw to it that he would never hurt
another like he had you.  I should have ripped that worthless piece from him,
shoved it down his throat, and let him bleed to death, choking on it." 
	"It's okay, Master, he's dead, and I don't have to worry about him ever
doing anything like that to me, or anyone else for that matter, ever again.  So,
if you aren't planning to mark us, at least the guys there, there, where do you
plan to do it?"
	"Your left breast, over your heart.  Because, that, is what I own in you
all.  Just as surely as you own mine."
	"So we're going on display."  Jake laughed softly.  "You do know Master,
that this time four years ago, no woman, that wasn't breast feeding, could be
seen topless in public."
	"Boy, I was mortal in the time when women didn't show their ankles in
public, forget their breasts.  I have lived through both world wars, and all the
other little skirmishes that mortals have had ever since.  And I know that it
seems that the world is so much more violent than it once was, but it isn't.  It
is only that there are more of you now than ever before.  So much more that you
can't see the progress mankind has made unless you step back and look at the big
picture.  But there has been incredible growth in the last hundred years.  The
least wondrous of them is the attitude that is taking place about the human
body."
	"So, you taking this to a shop?"  Ryan smiled at the design; he had drawn it
for Jessy, just like he designed the ring pattern for Mitch.
	"No, Puck, I know a mortal, she belongs to one of us.  And Aaron is letting
me borrow her for a few evenings.  He will give me a break on the price, if she
can spend a little time with us, Aaron is entirely too homophobic to even take
one or two men for the girls he keeps.  She's gnawing at the bit as it were.  I
agreed, after all, Gods know we have enough of us here that she should be
walking funny and grinning for days."
	"I have just one more present Master, Mistress."  Ryan held out two scrolled
pieces of paper with bright red ribbons.  "If it can be done, I think you would
like these."
	Jessy handed Kris the scroll with her name on the tag.  Before unrolling
his.  "Awww, Puck."  It was the same J as had been part of the pattern for the
tattoo's he was giving them all.  Vibrant shades of green, so beautiful in its
design, the simplicity and grandeur of it, touched, Jessy.
	"Ryan," Kris looked up from the picture he had given her, again, just one
letter, but instead of green, her K was done again in the deep, rich purples
that made the first so beautiful. 
	"I didn't want to spend money I didn't have, but, I still wanted to show you
both what you mean to me.  The ring on your hand Master, Mitch had me design. 
The drawing for the Tattoo's you know about.  And if the needle can pierce your
skin, you have one of your own, each."
	"That isn't going to be a problem, Aaron has worked with Maggy, long enough
that he knows how to do art as well as she can.  It's not the metal that will
give us a problem, at least not treated needles, they are going to have to be
dipped into vampire blood, the same as the knives to keep them from being dulled
at once.  Aaron is a good two hundred years older than I am, so his blood is of
course stronger.  Thank you Puck, no amount of money could ever buy me a gift
that means more to me than what you did when you took your pins to paper."
	"Can we hurry this love feast along, here, guys.  I'm starved.  We usually
eat before we do presents.  And if I'm hungry, I know you two have to be
starving."  Sally squeezed Mike.
		
	Jessy lay small silver tags out of the table.  "Kris and I agreed on what to
put on these.  So now you all are tagged as well as collared."  He picked up the
top tag, "Come here Pet, this one is for you."  He touched Randy's cheek
lightly.  "You should have seen the poor woman who had to engrave them all.  By
the time I got to my boy's there," he nodded at Jake.  "She was quite
speechless."
	"How about those of us that you haven't given pet names to, Master?"  Tracy
had been with him long enough to have learned his endearments for the other
five, and now with Mitch, Ryan, Alex, Bobby, Brenda, Mike and Sam, added to his
personal line up, she knew that she wasn't the only one that didn't have a
special name.
	"Don't worry so, Baby, there is not a one of you that I didn't get a tag
for."  He held out a tag for her.  "Happy Yule, Baby."
		*	*	*
	Kris sat back, peacefully, as the lot of them fed on a huge Christmas feast. 
She had never seen anyone put away what these kids were.  "Good God, you all act
like you haven't eaten in days."
	"Feels like it."  Patty mumbled, loading more dressing on her plate.  "Been
up since noon, cooking ever since a quarter to one, cleaning, getting every
thing perfect.  Lucky we have Brenda now to add to the ranks of women here,
because with the addition of six more to the already overwhelming number here, I
don't think we could have ever kept the boys out of the food."
	"Who are you kidding Patty, one smack with that spoon you wielded today was
enough for me.  I'm going to be bruised for most of the night."  Sam laughed,
kissing Tracy on the cheek.  "You do know, Mistress, she can be down right
protective of the food."
	"You're on kitchen duty tonight, remember."  Patty waved her spoon at him
teasingly.  "Or it will be more than just most of the night your butt is going
to be bruised.
	"Too late Patty, I have a special Christmas gift for him later."  Tracy
grinned at him.  "One that should do more than just bruise his butt."
	Am I going to need a gag again Mistress?"  Sam grinned at her. 
	"Unless you want to entertain the house with the noise you make, you will
need one."
	Jessy grinned, laughing at Sam's blush.  "Forget the gag Baby, I am sure
that his cries won't sound out too much over the ones that my three will be
making later."
		
	Dinner was finished, dishes dealt with, all in the highest of spirits.  "So,
love, we've been patient, dinner is over, the dishes as well.  So what have you
for us?"  Jessy pulled her down into his lap.
	"Room," she looked around the cramped living quarters that they now shared,
and true, it wouldn't be as bad, once the tree was taken down, but it was still
cramped.  "I have more property than I know what to do with, one stretch just
outside of Macon, Georgia that is a huge twenty acre plot of land that I'm not
renting to anyone as of yet.  I thought I would have the old buildings cleared
away and I have blueprints for a new house, I talked to my attorney a day or so
back you remember the one that helped with my return from the dead.  I can
rebuild, alter, or fix anything I want.  Just can't sell it.  The house I have
planned will keep us safe, without it feeling like they are climbing over each
other so often."
	"Everything will be underground.  The living-room, bedrooms, the bath, the
kitchen, all of it." She laughed.  "Oh, for all intents and purposes, the world
will see a ranch style house, but other than for show, the upper floor isn't
used for anything.  Everything will be down stairs."  She grinned.  "We won't
have to ever worry about daylight again, and by the time we have to move, what
the hell, I have property in seven other states, plus two more in Europe, and
can always buy more.  Never again will I let us live, like this.  The house is
nice and all, but we have fifteen people living in it."
		*	*	*
	Jessy watched as Kris moped around the house.  Not even the idea of looking
over the building of her, their, new house improved her mood.  "What is it baby,
you've been walking around all night like you lost your best friend.  What's the
problem?"
	"It's April, twenty-ninth, don't you know what day it is?"
	He just looked at her for a moment.  "No, baby, I don't.  But it must be
important to you.  So tell me."
	She made an exasperated noise, looking at him with disgust.  "You might be
better than any man alive, but you are still just a damn man.  Think Jess.  What
was the date when I came here last year?"
	"The first of May, that is why your being here confused me until I got a
whiff of you.  I thought Janis was bringing me a May Day present."
	"And how old was I when Janis brought me here?"
	He stopped and thought about it.  "A day or so, Marcus had made you, then he
killed himself."  Then he slapped his forehead.  "No, he spent that first night,
after you woke as his Childe, with you, and didn't kill himself until that
morning.  You were two days old, and still lost when we met."
	"Which was the first of May, now count, backwards, two days.  It was on this
night last year that I died."  She wrapped her arms around herself, looking out
unto the darkened landscape.  "So many have been hurt because of me.  Mitch,
Alex, I still feel guilty for what I did to Bobby.  The others, they have a
better life here.  I don't feel bad for them.  But those three, I took them from
their life."
	"You saved them from themselves Kris, remember that.  As much as precious
and angel loved each other, sooner or later, angel's true nature would have
broken them.  And then, without it having anything to do with you, they would
have parted.  Angel would have ended up sick anyway, he was looking for
something that filled his needs. True, if they had parted peacefully, it might
have taken longer, but angel would have still ended up in the shape he was in. 
And you and Mitch, love the boy though I do, his nature would have, one day,
made living together hard.  He isn't submissive at all, but he is just a tad bit
of a pain slut.  Do you have any doubt, if the two of you had continued on the
path you both were on, that eventually, love just wouldn't have been enough for
our boy.  You both were virgins, so he couldn't have explained what he needed
from you, and you, honey, you are just now learning to deal with what his inner
drives are.  You weren't near as dominant as you are now.  You wouldn't have had
a clue.  But, beloved now, true he can never be who he was, but with the money
you have, you can buy him, all of them, new identities, and they can continue on
with their lives.  He can finish school, be a lawyer.  Angel, he can't ever go
back to the place he had worked for so long, but that is not to say that he
can't try managing a club for a while.  You got the money, you hate having it so
much, well then spend it.  Give it away.  Get a new CPA, and basically tell
them, that as long as they don't try to rob you blind, you don't care about the
money.  And once you finish the house, buy some little dump somewhere and
refurnish it.  It would probably do our boy a world of good, not to have to just
sit around and feel useless." 
	Kris had never looked at it that way.  Guess it was a guy thing, but yeah,
now that she, had, had it explained to her.  She could finally, really see the
good Marcus had done when he had decided to make her..  "I got to talk to the
builders." 
	She moved quickly, leaving Jessy standing there, with the look of a man
without a clue on his face.  "Kris?"
	"You just reminded me of the good I can still do.  You keep telling me, over
and over, how I am where, control and power wise, you were at three almost four. 
So, it's about time I used what I have to create a better life for as many
mortals as I can take on.  Think about it, the four we collected, Ryan, Brenda
and the guys.  We got them off the streets, gave them a home and purpose again. 
Why can't we do that for more?  Think about it, you have already saved the lives
of not only Tracy and Brenda but Bobby as well.  I can do that too.  Together,
we could create a new life for more than just our thirteen, but for so many
others as well."
	A wonderful dream, but sadly not one that she could ever hope, to achieve. 
"Kris, honey, that isn't possible.  I had to rush you along in your growth so
that I could get a little help with our bunch.  You forget every new feeder we
take on, means that we have to feed much more to keep up with their care.  No,
they don't take much from us, but every time they do take from us, it's like
losing almost half a pint or more a time.  You are right, you are a whole hell
of a lot more mature than I was at your age, but baby, you, are still just an
infant.  You haven't even grown to the point that you can be looked at as a
real, Childe.  That is why you don't come into your full inheritance until your
fifth birthday.  Your father, he wanted to make sure, before you got your hands
on all of his money, that you have come that far through infancy."
	She had felt so alive, for just one second, but with Jessy's gentle, but
painful words, she slumped back down.  To know you could do so much, if you only
dared.  But Jessy was right, she had forgotten what helping him with those in
their house cost her every night.  "You're right, let's go take a look at our
new house.  They should have gotten it ready for us, by now, to move in."  So
much for big dreams, she would have to just settle herself for what little
victories she could manage, and hope for the rest.
		*	*	*
	She never realized, before now, that being locked forever to the night might
have just a few drawbacks.  They had to book the red eye from Cincinnati to
Atlanta.  Have someone pick them up at the airport, and make it under ground
before the sun rose.
	Their host for the time that they all would be staying in Atlanta, before
their flight back home to begin to, move, was the eldest in that state.  News of
Kris's birth and subsequent being made an orphan was a well-known fact to all of
the vampires, worldwide.  The southern vampire seemed almost too friendly, and
god but he was a curious man.  Fortunately for them all, there were only ten
vampires in all of Georgia, and, the old vampire was putting them up, wouldn't
let them be bothered.
		*	*	*
	Jessy watched as Kris moped around the house.  Not even the idea of looking
over the building of her, their, new house improved her mood.  "What is it baby,
you've been walking around all night like you lost your best friend.  What's the
problem?"
	"It's April, twenty-ninth, don't you know what day it is?"
	He just looked at her for a moment.  "No, baby, I don't.  But it must be
important to you.  So tell me."
	She made an exasperated noise, looking at him with disgust.  "You might be
better than any man alive, but you are still just a damn man.  Think Jess.  What
was the date when I came here last year?"
	"The first of May, that is why your being here confused me until I got a
whiff of you.  I thought Janis was bringing me a May Day present."
	"And how old was I when Janis brought me here?"
	He stopped and thought about it.  "A day or so, Marcus had made you, then he
killed himself."  Then he slapped his forehead.  "No, he spent that first night,
after you woke as his Childe, with you, and didn't kill himself until that
morning.  You were two days old, and still lost when we met."
	"Which was the first of May, now count, backwards, two days.  It was on this
night last year that I died."  She wrapped her arms around herself, looking out
unto the darkened landscape.  "So many have been hurt because of me.  Mitch,
Alex, I still feel guilty for what I did to Bobby.  The others, they have a
better life here.  I don't feel bad for them.  But those three, I took them from
their life."
	"You saved them from themselves Kris, remember that.  As much as precious
and angel loved each other, sooner or later, angel's true nature would have
broken them.  And then, without it having anything to do with you, they would
have parted.  Angel would have ended up sick anyway, he was looking for
something that filled his needs. True, if they had parted peacefully, it might
have taken longer, but angel would have still ended up in the shape he was in. 
And you and Mitch, love the boy though I do, his nature would have, one day,
made living together hard.  He isn't submissive at all, but he is just a tad bit
of a pain slut.  Do you have any doubt, if the two of you had continued on the
path you both were on, that eventually, love just wouldn't have been enough for
our boy.  You both were virgins, so he couldn't have explained what he needed
from you, and you, honey, you are just now learning to deal with what his inner
drives are.  You weren't near as dominant as you are now.  You wouldn't have had
a clue.  But, beloved now, true he can never be who he was, but with the money
you have, you can buy him, all of them, new identities, and they can continue on
with their lives.  He can finish school, be a lawyer.  Angel, he can't ever go
back to the place he had worked for so long, but that is not to say that he
can't try managing a club for a while.  You got the money, you hate having it so
much, well then spend it.  Give it away.  Get a new CPA, and basically tell
them, that as long as they don't try to rob you blind, you don't care about the
money.  And once you finish the house, buy some little dump somewhere and
refurnish it.  It would probably do our boy a world of good, not to have to just
sit around and feel useless." 
	Kris had never looked at it that way.  Guess it was a guy thing, but yeah,
now that she, had, had it explained to her.  She could finally, really see the
good Marcus had done when he had decided to make her..  "I got to talk to the
builders." 
	She moved quickly, leaving Jessy standing there, with the look of a man
without a clue on his face.  "Kris?"
	"You just reminded me of the good I can still do.  You keep telling me, over
and over, how I am where, control and power wise, you were at three almost four. 
So, it's about time I used what I have to create a better life for as many
mortals as I can take on.  Think about it, the four we collected, Ryan, Brenda
and the guys.  We got them off the streets, gave them a home and purpose again. 
Why can't we do that for more?  Think about it, you have already saved the lives
of not only Tracy and Brenda but Bobby as well.  I can do that too.  Together,
we could create a new life for more than just our thirteen, but for so many
others as well."
	A wonderful dream, but sadly not one that she could ever hope, to achieve. 
"Kris, honey, that isn't possible.  I had to rush you along in your growth so
that I could get a little help with our bunch.  You forget every new feeder we
take on, means that we have to feed much more to keep up with their care.  No,
they don't take much from us, but every time they do take from us, it's like
losing almost half a pint or more a time.  You are right, you are a whole hell
of a lot more mature than I was at your age, but baby, you, are still just an
infant.  You haven't even grown to the point that you can be looked at as a
real, Childe.  That is why you don't come into your full inheritance until your
fifth birthday.  Your father, he wanted to make sure, before you got your hands
on all of his money, that you have come that far through infancy."
	She had felt so alive, for just one second, but with Jessy's gentle, but
painful words, she slumped back down.  To know you could do so much, if you only
dared.  But Jessy was right, she had forgotten what helping him with those in
their house cost her every night.  "You're right, let's go take a look at our
new house.  They should have gotten it ready for us, by now, to move in."  So
much for big dreams, she would have to just settle herself for what little
victories she could manage, and hope for the rest.
		*	*	*
	She never realized, before now, that being locked forever to the night might
have just a few drawbacks.  They had to book the red eye from Cincinnati to
Atlanta.  Have someone pick them up at the airport, and make it under ground
before the sun rose.
	Their host for the time that they all would be staying in Atlanta, before
their flight back home to begin to, move, was the eldest in that state.  News of
Kris's birth and subsequent being made an orphan was a well-known fact to all of
the vampires, worldwide.  The southern vampire seemed almost too friendly, and
god but he was a curious man.  Fortunately for them all, there were only ten
vampires in all of Georgia, and, the old vampire was putting them up, wouldn't
let them be bothered.
		*	*	*
	"You know, girl, I never thought about anything like that.  The number of us
it would take to actually work, that is where your problem lies.  Your man, he
was right, there is just no way that the two of you could hope to accomplish
your goals."  The old vampire mused over what Kris had told him. 
	"I know, it's just that no matter how stupid I know what I wish is, I can't
help it, I still think about it all the time."
	"No one said it or you were stupid, love."  Jessy had been ever vigilant
with her during their visit with their southern kindred.
	"No, not stupid, gutsy, yes, but not stupid."  The man agreed.  "It really
shouldn't come as a surprise to any of us, that sooner or later one of us would
die, and another would have to be made, and that Childe, being raised as all
must live now, would turn their attention to the world they had just so recently
left.  Marcus might have broke pact with us when me made you before he died, but
he chose well."  The man patted her on the leg.  "And to be honest with you,
dear, with the way you keep your herd, you might just have the right idea.  Just
tell me how, a infant that is just now, one, accomplished all you have done?"
	"It wasn't all me, Jessy had the foundation that I work from, set up
already.  I learned it all from him."  And slowly, with pride and pleasure she
went on about what Janis had brought her into.
	The old vampire listened quietly, nodding every now and then at certain
points in her story.  Secretly amused at her dedication to not only the man at
her side, who had taken the duty of raising her, but to those in their keep.
	Silence as Kris finished her tale.  She just sat there, waiting for the old
Nightwalker to comment.  But the ancient one just sat there for the longest
time, looking at both her and Jessy, his glance would move from them to their
bunch and then back at them, contemplating in silence.
	Finally, when Kris was getting ready to burst with nervousness.  "If your
father wasn't already dead, I do think I would string him up for what he has
unleashed on us all."
	Jessy pulled Kris closes, "she hasn't broke any of the laws, elder, if you
don't want her to be here, just say so, but you can't touch her.  She is
orphaned and blameless."  She was his mate, and she was an infant.  He would die
before he let her be touched.
	The old vampire just laughed at Jessy.  "Childe, I wanted to meet her, to
learn what sort of Childe might one day grow among us, not to try to kill her. 
You are right, she is an infant.  Relax, boy, your woman, is safe, not only from
me, but any that live in this state.  I know Anise.  And unlike some of the
younger blood, those of us who go back as long as he and I do remember a time
when one of the blood's word, was respected and protected by the rest.  He gave
Marcus his word, his bond, that she would be safe.  So she is."
	"Then why, if Marcus had not died, would you have stung him up?  As pleasant
as the thought of that, particular, family member being strung up is, I still
don't understand why.  If you have no war with Kris, why would you wish to hurt
her, dead, father?"
	The vampire just sat back looking at Kris for a moment before answering. 
"First, because I feel pretty much as you do, he had no right to do to her what
he did.  Second, because her new spark will spread through us all like brush
fire, and the elders, we will have to sit down and devise new additional laws to
go with the ones we have currently.  All on the care and tending of mortal's
under, our, control."
	"Hey, now, like I said already, Jessy was already doing that."  She got
defensive, "he has been my teacher.  And if you want to bitch at Janis about how
she insisted he be with Randy, and through Randy all the rest, be my guest." 
She had finally forgiven Janis for her part in Mitch and Alex's capture, but the
woman still wasn't on her, top, most loved people list.
	The man laughed.  "Oh, no you don't, girl.  I growl at Janis, then Asha gets
involved, and then Anise will step in to defend his Childe.  I know Anise.  I
would never dream of warring with him.  His father and my mother were brother
and sister.  He is my cousin, and through him, both of you as well.  I am sure,
Childe, with as young as you are, you haven't considered telling her how few of
us there really are in the world.  And how interconnected we are by blood."
	"Actually, Ramaine, he has.  That was why Marcus had to die.  There were,
originally, only a thousand vampires in the US.  And that can't change.  Yeah we
might move around the world as we want, but there can't be a change in the
original number.  There are, only, a little over six thousand, total, in the
world.  Jessy can't remember the exact number, but it is less than sixty-five
hundred tops.  And that is the number that has to be maintained."
	"Six thousand four hundred and thirty-one, to be precise."   Ramaine smiled
at her.  "And do you know why we had to set into law the ban on making any more
children, against hunting, against killing?"
	She nodded.  "Mortal man, became too powerful, to smart.  They rule the day
and the night now.  We aren't a very large race, and any careless behavior could
mean that they would hunt us again, and this time, they are a whole hell of a
lot better armed than before.  Sun and fire are the only things that they can
control that can kill us. But they have all kinds of weapons that create fire. 
And if they knew of us, really, believed in us, they could whip up some kind of
laser or gun that used UV bandwidths to kill us.  We can try to escape fire, but
sunlight paralyzes us, and we burn to death, unable to do anything more than
scream.  Trust me, elder, Jessy didn't have to take any time out of the day to
sit me down and explain all of this to me, I have been nothing but a pest with
never ending questions."
	"An oddly appropriate saying among mortal parents is that a child can ask up
to four hundred questions a day."    Jessy hugged her to him tightly.  "This
Childe, she has that beat by breakfast." 
	"Questions that sooner or later, someone had better have an answer for, I
wager."  Ramaine laughed.  "Well go on you two, you both looked starved.  Tend
to your herd, and we will go out to see your new home when the sun sets
tonight."  He looked to Jessy, "Little cousin, perhaps your mortals would
welcome my two.  On my word, Childe, I would never harm any of those you claim. 
But there are a few that just look so, adorable."
	Mitch touched Kris's hand.  "Don't worry about us, Kris, I am sure Ramaine,
is no more likely to hurt any of us as you and Jessy are."  He whispered kissing
her cheek.
	Ramaine looked up.  "Cousin, best you talk to your herd.  You and she might
have a new and unique way of keeping mortals in your home, but, most will not
approve."  Ramaine warned him.
	"Butch isn't like any of the rest.  Janis had to take him and Alex, he was
her promised before Marcus made her his Childe.  So, he doesn't exactly respond
to us as a slave to his master.  He knows who he is, and where his place in my
house is, but it is on a very deep level.  Knows it so well that he doesn't feel
the need to grovel to us.  Knows it in his soul and is comfortable with it. 
Randy is, as well.  My girl knows it, but she doesn't call me anything but
master for the most part.  The rest are still learning it."  He smiled at them
all so fondly, with such love in his eyes.  "You have no idea what it feels like
when they finally are comfortable enough with you and their place, to call you
by your name.  To talk with you, to joke and tease, just as if you were their
closest friend, but cry, master, and beg in your arms."
	The elder vampire nodded.  "It is a rare thing to be learning from one as
young as you.  But learn, we shall, the possibilities are quite endless."




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 14

	"That man of yours, he has marked you as his.  Almost as if you were his
Childe."  Ramaine kissed Kris's shoulder lightly.
	Kris turned to look up at Ramaine.  "And I marked him as mine.  He is my
husband."  She touched his face and she returned his kiss.
	"That you have girl.  Bright of you to do that, he is a superb Childe.  He
does his mother proud.  Anise and Asha have boasted of her good luck with her
youngest.  And you have done him proud.  I see a good deal of him in you, and
you have only been with him a year.  Must be the fact that you were so young
when Janis entrusted you to him.  He has been able to play parent to you from
almost the beginning of your life."
	"I would have much rather it been Jessy.  But it wasn't."  She looked up at
the slender elder vampire.  He wasn't a large man in the least, and though his
complexion was as pale as all that she had met of what was now her people, he
had a Mediterranean look to him.  "Just where exactly are you from?"
	"Originally? Or where do I prefer to live?"
	"Originally."
	"Greece."  He frowned at her as she laughed.  "Pray tell, Childe what is so
funny?"
	"I don't know, maybe it's that you're Greek, have two boys, and have been
chasing pet and puck around for the last hour."
	"Well if my younger cousin can toy with my two, then he must be willing to
share."
	"So, with as obviously gender biased as you are, why are you here with me?"
	He just laughed softly.  "I see what he means about your continual
questioning.  I only wanted to take a moment to get to know you Childe, nothing
more, and to find out just how much you were tied to him.  Now that I see that
the two of you could not live separate, I won't farther my aim in trying to
snatch him away from you.
	"Best you believe it.  I'll share my men, but no one is taking any of them
away from me, from us."
	"Wouldn't dream of it Childe, I might try to lure your cousin from you, but
I am no poacher.  Your herd is safe.  I assure you, I don't know any of your
people that would try to take a bonded mortal from another of the blood."
	Kris pulled up to sit by him.  "Could you do me a favor Ramaine?  I wouldn't
dream of telling you how to relate to the two you have, but please, for now,
humor me and try not to call our pets a herd."
	"Yes, I wished I could deal with the man that made you.  I don't dare fuss
at Jessy for your brashness, for it I did it would end up with Anise having
words with me.  But Marcus, his actions placed him past any protection his
mother could have offered him.  Marcus I would have taken apart, for not only
what he did in his making of you, but for the problems you and that man of yours
are going to cause our people.  One idealistic fool is bad enough, but two
linked as the two of you are, that, is a problem waiting to happen."
	"Don't get me wrong, elder, it's not his making of me that still has me
waking in the middle of the day trembling.  But what he did to me after he took
my will.  I have had to watch over four of ours while their minds were napping. 
Three of them were those I loved, and one of those, I had to watch Jessy walk
through it twice.  So I have some idea what kind of a bastard he was when he did
what he did to me.  When they're like that, words hurt more than fists."
	"Well, Childe, I can thing of several other more pleasant things to do than
hit you."  He leaned over her, sinking his fangs into her throat.  *Share blood
with me, dear.  Shall we lose ourselves in each other for a while? *
		*	*	*
	The house looked so small, just one story, two bedrooms and a bath and a
half, kitchen, den, living-room-dining-room combo, in the daylight.  But there
were three other floors underneath the house proper.  On the first level were
things like the kitchen, bedrooms, and two bathrooms.  The second was just one
single huge living space, and two other bedrooms, for times that they needed a
little more privacy, and a bath/Jacuzzi, same reason.  And the third level that
Kris had taken so much care into seeing done correctly.  Not only was it where
she and Jessy slept, but the much-talked about playroom as well.  Along with
three more bedrooms so that she and Jessy, would be able to, every now and then,
send the rest to sleep in another bed, come light.  And yet a, fourth, bathroom.	
	"And you have them, sleeping anywhere in the house, your chambers, the lock
does not seem that strong.  Aren't you just a little worried that one of them
will get a fool notion to set you on fire?"
	Mitch who was, as always, standing by Kris gestured almost shyly for notice. 
Ramaine just turned his ancient eyes on him.  "No sir, my master isn't.  I'm the
one that found out the hard way what happens when one of us goes too long with
out his blood.  None of us have any desire to die that way.  I can speak from
personal experience, I felt like my gut was on fire.  It wasn't until my master
fed me from him again, that the pain stopped."  Jessy had taken a moment to
explain how they needed to behave when in the presence of another vampire that
wasn't his immediate family.  That, with the, exception of Kris, not, even his
cousins counted.  They all had agreed, that if they weren't alone, or it wasn't
in the act of love, that they would just, not, call Jessy and Kris anything but,
master, or, mistress.  Then Bobby had suggested both the sir and M'Lord as well
as the ma'am and M'lady, explaining that many submissives in the lifestyle used
those words for master and mistress.  And both Jessy and Kris much preferred sir
and ma'am.

	"You know Sir," Randy leaned against Jessy.  "Ma'am does appear to have
wrapped, 'him', around her little finger."
	"You know what, Pet, I do believe you are right.  I have never known of
Ramaine ever looking at a woman other than his mother.  If she is this
impressive as a infant/Childe, I dread seeing her as an adult."
	*You really like sir better than master? *
	*Yes, and, no Pet.  For day to day, it, is, not near as grinding, but Pet, I
am your master.  And you would be wise to remember that, always. *  He kissed
the top of Randy's head, squeezing him.  "So, love, does it look up to your
standards?"
	"There is no way we can pull off moving in by tomorrow.  Oh well, I guess I
should celebrate my first birthday in the home that has brought me so much,
before moving into another to start building up, new, memories in."
	"Why, Ma'am?"  Mitch smiled at her.  "We've all been with you long enough
that we can skip a day or two, most of the stuff is packed anyway.  Any, one, of
us would be willing to miss the party for you, if asked.  You can afford to fly
it in, so why don't you just let a couple of us go back to our old house and get
everything, and fly back down here?"
	She just shook her head.  "There is no way we can just up and move the whole
house, furniture and all in one day.  Tomorrow is the first, and I won't have
any of you missing my birthday.  We're taking the red eye home tonight, which
means we will barely make it in by dawn.  And I want to celebrate my birthday,
really celebrate it, which means we can't do it in the midst of trying to get
things settled.  No, we will move later in the week, but for this year, I
already know where I want to be, and with who I want to be with."
		*	*	*
	"I hate flying."  She was dead, and the thought of crashing still scared
her.  "That's how my parents died."
	"It's okay, love, you can hide you head in my neck during liftoff, like you
did on the flight down.  With as late as this flight is, I don't think anyone
would notice if you hid for a few minutes.  I promise not to moan."  Jessy
rubbed her arm. 
	"I'm going to have to.  After my parents were killed, I only got on a plane
twice, and both times, I had to sedated before I could even get on the damned
thing."  She hated flying more than she feared the sun.  Supposedly, now that
she was a vampire, nothing short of facing one of her own kind, who was
stronger, fire and sun, could kill her.  But she still hated the thought of
being that far up in what amounted to a flying metal coffin.
		*	*	*
	Other than, their, thirteen, there were only six others on that late night
flight.  There were, three businessmen, a couple, and an old man, who, kept
staring at them with a look of, disapproval, on his face. 
	"Looks like we have a attracted a little attention."  Jessy growled.
	"Don't worry about it Master."  Jake whispered, leaning against Mike.  "I am
sure he'll be more bent out of shape with what we're going to be doing than
anything you are doing with Mistress."
	"You know something, Boy, ever since you made it back, your evil streak has
greatly changed.  Not gotten any better, just ever so, much, more amusing.  By
all means, you and toy try to give each other tonsillectomies during lift off. 
You might upset the man enough that he will demand another seat, somewhere that
isn't right beside us."  Jessy just shook his head, smirking at the shocked look
on the old man's face as his two began to do just that.
	"Disgraceful," the man snapped at them.  "You both should be ashamed of
yourself."  		
	Mike and Jake looked over at him.  "Mind your own business, old man."  *Run
with me guys, let's see just how busy we can keep this old man. *
	"In my day, things like the two of you, went to jail, your, kind wasn't
allowed to publicly parade your perversions."
	Jake just laughed, kissing Mike again.  "You don't say. Well lucky for us
that neither of us were born in your day." 
	The young woman, who sat with her friend, smiled.  "I think they look sweet. 
At least, they don't have to wonder how the other feels."
	The man just sputtered at her.  "Sweet, my god woman, they are men, or at
least that is what they are supposed to be."
	*Sounds like a very repressed soul. *  Jessy thought to his bunch, with
sympathy.  *Take a little pity of the man, we are in the air, and Kris is
settled. *
	"You two are just lucky that now, your people can hide behind the same law
that used to keep you in line, or I would treat you like we used to treat things
like you."  The man just rambled on.
	'Forget pity, that man is threatening what is mine'.  Jessy looked up at
him.  "And you are even more in luck, that your age protects you, because if you
touched either of them, I would feel inclined to break your arm.  But as weak
and feeble as you are, anything you tried, would only serve to embarrass you."	
	"You threatening me boy?"
	"No threats, touch either of mine, and I will see to it that you are taught
a lesson of your own.  Your prejudices are far sicker than anything that they
could ever think up.  You would have us return to an age of ignorance and
stupidity.  Where those who were gender biased, had no reason to practice
monogamy.  To, pull together in love and a desire to live together, freely. 
Without constant worries that either the next partner might be the one that put
you at risk for death, or if they actually did wed, and their partner did indeed
become sick or die, that they would not be protected as all wedded couples are. 
Fortunately, in ninety-one, the laws were changed to extend to all citizens the
same equal rights."
	"Give it a rest, love."  Kris looked up, trying to forget for just one
moment where she was, and the knot in the pit of her stomach.  "He's old,
fortunately for the world, he and his old out dated mentalities, are a thing of
the past, and he'll die off soon enough.  Don't, get upset Jess.  Do you really
think any of us care what one old, hateful, man thinks?"
	"He threatened them." 
	Kris just took one look at Mike and Jake, then to the old, angry man, and
laughed.  *Please, baby, what is he going to do to them?  Forget Jake, Mike
could knock him down by sneezing too hard. *  "Then, it is he who is lucky that
there are laws now protecting the civil liberties of every American, and not
just those that his kind approve of.  Because if he did take it into his head to
start swinging, the flight attendants would have to take him into hand, and no
one would run the risk of getting hurt.  Because trust me.  I don't approve of
hitting anyone that much older than me, but if he did, and one of them defended
themselves, it wouldn't be a pretty sight."
		
	The rest of the flight was quiet.  The old man, kept looking at Mike and
Jake with hate filled eyes, but refrained from making any more comments.  And as
for Mike and Jake, they just continued on as they had started.  The younger
couple had moved into the seats between him and the rest of their crew.  The
woman was near protective.  Her traveling partner that was later introduced as
her newly wed husband, sat, smiling tolerantly at her.  The three other
strangers in the compartment, just kept to themselves and their opinions the
same.  It was very obvious to all that Jessy wasn't going to tolerate any
nonsense from anyone.
		*	*	*
	They made it home, laughing as they invaded their house at the ignorance and
stupidity that still, even after more than a decade, lived in the world.  "It
could have been worse, our collars could have been visible, and then gods only
know how he would have carried on."  Danny threw himself on the couch.  "I'm
glad to be home.  I'm going to miss this place."
	"Well, maybe you can visit it when we move.  That nice woman, who went to
boy and toy's defense, Catharine, I think her name was.   I have her card, and
if she and I can set up some sort of rental arrangement, I am sure Janis would
rather rent this place than sell it."  Jessy was starving.  Dawn was only an
hour or so away, and he hadn't fed, not even the first time so far.  "Well,
kids, I'm heading to my chambers, I have still got to feed, and then I'm wiped. 
Tomorrow we will have a proper Beltane slash anniversary, belated, birthday
party for Kris.  The rest we can have after we move.  But she is right, we need
to celebrate her first year with us, here."
	Ryan touched his arm.  "Master, do you think, it would be okay if Randy took
me out during the day tomorrow for a few hours?"
	He looked down at the boy.  "I'm not the one you need to ask, Puck, you and
all the rest, pretty much can come and go as you want during the day.  But maybe
you might want to talk to pet, why?"
	He just blushed.  "It's a surprise."
	"Does it have anything to do with the oils and canvas you bought a few weeks
ago?"
	Ryan looked at Kris who was in the midst of feeding.  "Please, 'Jessy'," he
stressed his name.  "It's a present for 'her'."
	He just chuckled.  "I know that.  Pet has been filling me in on the picture
you are making for her.  But I promise you, I haven't looked, curiosity is
killing me, but I haven't looked.
	"Do you think, he will be willing to take me, I need to get a frame for it. 
It's the first piece I have ever done, that I think actually deserves to be put
in a frame."
	Jessy lifted his chin.  "Do you really think that boy of mine is going to
tell you no?  He is the one that had kept me abreast of every brush stroke.  If
it doesn't make it into a frame under glass, he will probably explode."  He
looked down at the ring on the little finger of his left hand.  "I never
realized when Kris and I went out to collect the four of you, that I would be
enriching my home so, with an artist of your skill.  You really should try
painting a few drawings, and setting up a booth in the arts festival next time
it comes to town.  I am sure that with as gifted as you are, there will be many
who appreciate your talent."  *Come on with me Puck, it is late, I am starved,
and I have been neglecting you. *  He took Ryan's hand.  "See you soon baby, I'm
heading for bed."
	Kris looked up from where she was, still feeding from Mike.  "I'll be with
you soon enough, Jess, just try not to break our boy."  She just laughed at the
naked want in Ryan's eyes, "no matter how much he begs."
		*	*	*	
	Ryan began to strip, even as Jessy led him down the stairs to his room.  It
had been literally weeks since last his master had singled him out.  He was so
excited, to finally be called, he trembled with it.  "Here, Master," he stepped
into Jessy's arms, head turning, exposing his throat.  "Go on, please, I know
you're hungry, I can feel it."  He moaned, at the feel of Jessy's fangs, the
pain and then, it never ceased to feel so unbelievable, no matter how often he
has been fed off of.  It was always so awesome, so beautifully awesome.
	'I have to be careful, or I just might break him.  And my girl would never
let me hear the end of it'.  It was almost funny.  How much his priorities had
changed in the last ninety-seven years, from just a simple hunt and kill, to
what it was now.  There was no hunt, there could never be another kill, but all
in all, as Ryan clung to him, lost as mortals always were when fed from.  He
liked the feeling of power and love that his new life revolved around much
better than any hunt.  Killing always bothered him, a little, so now, the sweet
adoration and surrender that they all gave easily replaced the guilty pleasure
of killing.	
		*	*	*
	"Do you think she will like it?"  Ryan looked down at the painting that he
had just had framed.  Trying hard to find some fault in his work.  But there was
none, or not any that he could see.
	"Damn, son, like it?  If I didn't know for fact that you had painted it,
seen you working on it.  I would swear it was just a picture that you had
bought."  He didn't understand how his friend and fellow slave, could ever doubt
the beauty of his work,
	It really wasn't a portrait, or at least not one that he had ever seen.  And
his respect for Ryan's skills just increased, as he looked down at the painting. 
Which had started out as nothing more than a quick sketch of Kris and Jessy,
resting together on the couch, watching all that was going on around them.  But
from that quick sketch, the end was more than he could have ever thought
possible.
	"I should have given them clothes, but they just look so natural like that." 
Ryan tried to explain.
	"Clothes, for them?"  He just laughed.  "Pray tell, why, and what would you
have come up with?  The pose they are in, dressed would have looked like the
cover to one of those stupid bodice rippers that Patty is so in love with.  No,
that was how they looked the night you sketched them, so that is how the
painting should look.  Come on, I've got to get you home, and this has to be
wrapped up very carefully.  Kris and Jessy are going to just die when they see
it."
	"He knows I have a picture for her.  He won't be near as surprised as you
think he will be."  Ryan pointed out as they left the frame shop.
	"He knows you have her a painting, honey, not what the painting involves. 
He never asked to see it, and I never told him he was in it too.  Trust me,
you're going to be very popular with both of them tonight.  I almost am jealous
of you.  But you did this really great work, so I guess, to the victor goes the
spoils."
		*`	*	*
	For the first time in so many years, Jessy woke with his hunger, burning, in
his body.  He had been so careful this morning, didn't dare take as much from
his little prodigy as he wanted to.  Only enough to end the ache, but it wasn't
enough to stop it from returning, with a vengeance, at his rising.
	*Go on, love, I fed well before coming down to join you this morning.  If
they see you in this shape, they are going to blame me for starving you. *  Kris
pulled his head to her throat, moaning softly as she felt, Jessy, take what she
offered.
	*Happy anniversary, baby, * he loved the feel of her against him.  Even more
as she was now, feeding him, not only, the lust for blood that he always felt
when he hungered, but her love and support as well.  *I know your birthday was
Wednesday, but your life didn't start until you had come to me, and found
yourself again. *
	*A year ago Wednesday, I died.  A year ago today, I was reborn.  I love you. 
Love you more than I could have ever loved Marcus.  It was you who raised me,
cared for me, it is your nature that I emulate, not his. *  And as she felt him
move to take her again, *it is you I have given my life, bound myself, to.  He
might have made me, but you, you are my father. *  Fangs sinking into warm
flesh, sharing the joy, the bliss that could only be felt like this.  Not even
with the elder southern vampire, could the feelings ever touch this.




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 15

	A chorus of well wishes and congratulations met them both as Jessy escorted
Kris into, the over crowded living area.  She was going to miss this place, as
crowded and noisy as it was, it was still home to her.  "Thank you," she smiled,
accepting yet another kiss, and congratulations.  Like making it through her
first year was some kind of big deal.
	There were flowers, everywhere, garlands and wreaths bedecked every wall,
and ivy was even more prevalent than the flowers.  "It looks almost
heathenistic."  Kris laughed, taking one of the many garlands of flowers and
ribbons, and let it be her crown.  If she were the guest of honor, so be it. 
She would act the part.  "So, where is the sacrificial virgin?"
	"Damn, I knew I had forgotten something."  Patty hugged her.  "Sorry, Ma'am,
but the store was fresh out of them.  Must be the season."
	"I don't know how virginal I am, but I would gladly be a sacrifice for you
tonight, Krissy."  Mitch kissed her.  "Happy birthday, love."  He pressed his
present in her hand.  "It ain't near as good as Puck's, but it is something."
	"Mitch," she hugged him tighter.  "You didn't have to get me anything.  None
of you did.  The very fact that you are here, that is more than present enough."
	"Sure I did.  When have I ever missed your birthday?  I mean, how many times
do you turn one?"  He stepped back, grinning as she opened the box, pulling out
a little painted, figurine of a vampire, cape and all."  She just laughed. 
"Don't look a thing like anyone I know."
	"Hey, I was strapped for ideas.  I have no clue what you would wear, so
clothes were out of the question.  You have more money than anyone I know of,
short of God.  So I couldn't think of anything you would need, that you couldn't
get, yourself.  You just don't seem like a watch person, so."
	"You got me a little metal vampire."  She couldn't help it, it was just too
funny.  "God, I love you."
	"Happy birthday, baby."  Bobby hugged her.  "Getting used to coming to
grips, with the fact that someone can actually have a birthday, when their dead,
is going to take me a few more years to get a handle on.  You do know for a
corpse, you look damn good."
	"So, I am destined to get corpse jokes for the next several years, I see."
	"Not if they upset you.  Master would skin me alive if I upset you."
	"No, he will not.  I won't let him hurt any of you.  You've known me for how
many years, Bobby, I don't hurt people, and I don't let other people hurt people
either."
	"So, you're being teased about being among the good looking zombies, I see." 
Jessy kissed the back of her neck.  "Just keep blaming, it, on all the
preservatives that you ate while you were still alive."
		*	*	*
	Mitch almost lost consciousness, as he felt her fangs as he drank from her
throat.
	*Enough of that, baby, you lose yourself now, I do believe that I know of at
least one who will be truly hurt. *
	Kris growled softly, pulling back.  "Later, baby.  But Jessy is right.  I
need to spend a little time up and moving before I crawl back into bed."
	Mitch just laughed, kissing her again.  "Can't blame a guy for trying. 
Because after you see what puck has for you, I will be back with Danny and
Brenda, for the night.  Trust me."
	"You keep saying that."  She looked to where Ryan stood, looking nervous. 
"What, is, it Puck?"
	He lifted a large wrapped package.  "Happy Birthday, M'lady."  He used a
name that none of the others did for her.  It wasn't as informal as Ma'am, but
nor was it as stuffy as mistress.
	She took the gift from him.  "What have you done?"  She pulled the paper
off, to look down at the painting Ryan had made for her.  "Oh," she was at a
loss for words.  She wasn't sure, which time he had sketched the drawing.  He
was always sketching.  And the scene was so common in her life now that, it
really could have been done, almost at any time.  She was resting, naked,
against Jessy, a touch of blood on her lip where she had just fed, and they both
looked so at peace as they watched on, in the painting, at all that was around
them.  "I, Puck," she looked up to where Jessy stood, looking at the picture in
wonder.  "Look what he did."  She handed him the painting so that she could pull
Ryan to her.  "How, just how did you do that, in this house?  It is beautiful,
but how did you keep it quiet?"
	"I slipped out during the day to work on it, and always made it back to you
before you woke.  Randy caught me in the beginning, and when he saw what I was
doing, made sure that I got back and forth without anyone really knowing about
it.  Butch, little one and sweety did of course, but you know them.  They want
to please you as much as I do.  So they kept quiet."
	"I knew our boy, was making something for you.  But I never dreamed.  My
God, Puck, you did this, I can't believe you did this."
	"So you like it?  I had meant to put clothes on you both, but I just
couldn't decide what I wanted you both to wear.  You just look so, I don't know,
right."
	Kris just laughed, hugging him even tighter.  "Like it, baby, it is the most
beautiful, short of the real thing, that I have ever seen.  It is wonderful. 
Thank you."
	"You know what," Sam whispered to Mitch, "you were right, they're going to
be far too interested in that little show off.  Wanna come and share the evening
with Tracy and me?"

	Ryan couldn't believe his luck, last night, Jessy had chosen him for the
night, and today.  He shared time so very often with Kris, but together, like
this, only one other time.  And as Jessy's fangs sank deep into his flesh, and
Kris pulled his head to the cut on her neck, he had never been given this
before.
	*Soon, Puck, I promise, very soon. *  Jessy pulled back, stroking his hair
as he clung to Kris. 
	*Kris, Ma'am, I think you need to take care of the gift you have for him. 
The baby is getting fussy, * Brenda's light touch on Kris's thoughts.
	Kris just laughed.  *Tell her not to be afraid.  I promised her she and her
baby would be safe her, and taken care of.  And they will.  Just hold her hand
until I can get Jessy to her. *  "Jess, I have to tell you something."
	Jessy looked up, something was wrong, there was a mortal, not bound to him,
in his house, no, not one, but two, and they both were very afraid.  "What is
it?  You have a mortal in 'my' home, one that I don't know."
	Kris touched his arm.  "Relax, she is fine.  How did you know, I thought
what with her not being linked with us, I could block her from you."
	"One of them is in pain, there is no way to block that feeling from me, not
in my own house.."  He pulled away from her to track the mortal.  "Why?"
	*Jessy, hold up, sweety gave me this idea.  Was the one that went earlier
and talked this girl into coming here.  She is like Tracy in the fact that she
needs you.  She is young, alone, with a baby, and very afraid, I promise, soon
enough, you'll have a mortal child of your own, to help, raise. *
	Jessy just looked at her.  How had she known?  Wait, Brenda, of course.  He
hadn't realized his words of sympathy to her would bring this to pass.  A child,
a mortal infant, and here, now, he was still struggling to bear up under the
duty of having to practically raise her as if she were his own Childe.  But now,
"you, she, I am to play the father to a mortal child?"
	"Well, I thought you wished you could.  I don't see why, just because you
can't father one you can't still be one.
	*Do you have any idea, what problems you have made girl?  Yes, I said that,
but I know it can't be.  I can't blood bond a baby.  My god, if I did, then he
or she would never be anything but just that.  We can't ask it to hide away for
the time it grows.  But we don't dare let it free.  Children sometimes can't
control their tongues. *
	*I thought of that already Jessy.  I checked with Ramaine before I send
sweety to talk to her.  If you can't block the knowledge from the baby's mind. 
He says he can.  We will be at our new house, Jess, and I know, from experience
that as long as the sun can't touch you, you have gotten up early, or stayed up
late before.  So, you can be a part of this baby's life.  I'm sorry, love, I
thought you would like this.  I never meant to make trouble. *
	He stopped himself from asking her just how the hell she thought he would
see this as anything but a problem.  She was right.  He had to admit, he had
said he wished to help raise a child.  How was she to know that he knew that was
a wish that he could never have fulfilled.  How was she to know that it
couldn't, or shouldn't be done.  "It's not your fault, baby.  I should have
never mentioned that wish of mine.  Never gave you the opportunity to do, what
obviously, is not impossible, but should never be done."  He smiled softly. 
"Well there is nothing we can do about it now.  Ramaine should have never
encouraged it in you.  But now that he has, I'll fix everything.  Who knows, you
just might be right, and this will all work out to the best."
	"Please, Jessy, don't snap at her, it's my fault.  I didn't know you would
be like this.  Don't be angry, at her."
	"I'm not angry at you, and I won't growl at the young mother, gods, she is
probably scared enough as is."
	Kris felt wretched.  She only wanted to do the right thing.   But in her
ignorance she had made a big mistake.  It didn't matter if Jessy didn't yell at
her.  She knew him well enough to know that he wasn't happy with her at that
moment.  "You have best let me go in first.  She doesn't know you, and she might
get even more upset."
		*	*	*
	Brenda hushed the young woman as Kris opened the door.  "It's okay Fran,
see, I told you that she would come soon enough."  To Kris, "sorry Ma'am, one
minute she is okay, the next, well she hasn't spent any time with either of you,
give her a few minutes to calm down."
	Kris smiled trying had not to display her fangs.  This girl had to be
nervous as hell, she didn't need one of the walking undead, scaring her anymore
than what she already was.  "Fran, right?"
	The girl nodded, clutching the bundle in her arms.  "What are you?"
	Kris looked to Brenda.  "You didn't tell her once she got here?"
	"I didn't think I could keep her from running.  I'm not like you and he." 
The woman tried to explain.
	"So, what did she tell you?"
	"That, if I came here, that I wouldn't lose Nicky, that she knew someone
that would take care of me, and help with my baby."
	"Well, she didn't lie to you, honey, both you and your baby are safe here. 
But," she looked back to where Jessy stood in the doorway.  "Jessy, this is
Fran.  And her baby," she looked to the girl.  "Nicky, right?"
	The girl didn't answer her, she just looked at Jessy, fear thick around her.
	"Come on, love, go talk to Ryan, I will deal with her."
	*Please, Jessy, I fucked up, not her.  Please, don't do anything. *
	He touched her cheek, smiling softly at her.  *When have I ever hurt any of
those in my house?  Even, Jake, after all that he had done, I didn't do anything
horrid to him.  It's okay, she's just scared.  Scared I can deal with trust me,
love.  Go on and finish thanking your boy for the wonderful gift he has made
you.  I will take care of her. *
	Kris just nodded.  "Come on, Sweety, he wants to talk to her alone.  Why
don't you come out here and see what Ryan has made for me."  She took the
woman's hand leading her gently from the room.

	Jessy quietly closed the door as the, two, left.  Taking a deep breath,
steadying himself, he turned to greet the girl.  The look of absolute terror in
her eyes hit him hard.  "Oh, please, I am not going to hurt you.  It's okay. 
Believe it or not, you have nothing to fear, least of all, from me."
	She held her baby so tightly, that he woke and began to cry.  "Who, what,
are you?"  She tried to sooth the crying baby in her arms.
	"My name is Jessy, and as for what I am, put the baby down, you might drop
him."  He gently pushed, forcing her to obey.  "Okay," she went to comfort the
infant boy, as he howled at being put down.  "No, a little crying won't hurt
him."  He slowly moved to take her head in his hands, looked down at her, with
such compassion in his eyes.  "First, I am your Master, your protector.  Second,
I am one of the Blood, you know us as vampires."  *Ssshh, * his, light mental
touch flowed over her, silencing the cry on her lips.  *Don't be afraid of me,
child, I swear, my word.  I will not hurt you. *  He gently led her to a chair,
pulling her into his lap.
	She couldn't, speak, couldn't move.  Her terror screamed.
	*No, ssshh, don't be this way.  You are safe. *  He was trying, straining so
hard, that had he still been able to sweat, he would be stained with it as a
tribute to his exertions. 
	Slowly, she began to settle.  The blind terror that she had been feeling
began to fade.  "That's better."  He stroked her cheek, lightly, trying to aid
his efforts to calm her.  "Now, do you think I can return your voice?"  Her dark
blue eyes shifted and there was a glimmer of hope, of pleading in them.  "No
screaming, let me talk to you before you give into your fears again.  Okay,
baby, you can talk."
	Her bottom lip trembled.  He was a vampire, or at least thought he was, and
with her body frozen, as it was, she had to accept that it might be the truth. 
"Wh-what do you want?"
	"To take care of you.  To help you care for your child.  That was why you
were brought.  I had made the mistake of musing once that it was a shame, that
with her first drink from me, that Brenda's pregnancy would end that I would
rather enjoy helping raise a child.  Creating my own is forbidden to me, so
raising a mortal child would have been nice.  Sweety, she remembered that
musing, and told Kris, who is your mistress.  And together, they cooked up this
scheme to see my wish was made reality.  I can only assume that you knew my girl
before she became part of my house."
	"I didn't know where she had gone, then she showed up, telling me that she
had a place that I would be safe.  But, you're, you're."  She began to cry. 
"Please, don't kill me.  I won't say anything, no matter what you do, just
please don't kill me.  Don't hurt my baby."
	Jessy just shook his head, making shushing noises.  "Hush, Fran.  No one is
going to hurt you or your baby.  Brenda is right.  I don't hurt those I care
for.  And I can't kill you without hurting you."
	She looked at him.  "What are you going to do to me?"  It was the barest of
whispers.
	'Okay, now let's see how good I am at control, without taking her will'.  If
he could effect her even the least bit, then he might not have to call for help
when the baby grew into a child.  "You know what I am, what 'we' are.  You can
never leave.  You will be mine.  But I would just as soon not take your free
will from you.  But I will."  He touched his lips with a single finger to
silence her cry.  "Ssshh, wait, listen to me.  If you are willing to just go
into this willingly, trust me enough to give me your life, I will bear up to the
honor you place in my hands.  But, if, you can't, if the thought of being with
me.  Of my feeding from you is more than you can face.  I will take that problem
away from you.  And take your ability to chose.  You will be very lost and
confused until you recover, but that is all right.  I won't let anyone hurt you
while you are like that.  I promise."  He pressed his lips to her brow. 
	"Like I have told Brenda.  The tie you will share with me, by the drinking
of my blood, has many advantages.  You will never have to worry about coming
away from me pregnant, from any of the men here.  I have no clear idea just how
long a mortal lives after they have been bound to one of us, but, I have had my
first, with me, for near twenty years, and he still looks no older than you.  My
blood will give you added life, greater strength, immunity to all illnesses. 
Think, child, countless years, health, strength, you will look as sweet as you
do right now, for a very, very, long time.  And I will love you, and care for
you.  That is your right and my privilege."
	She just looked at him, losing herself in his eyes.  "You, my baby, he's not
gonna?"
	"Fran, he is why you were brought here.  We didn't need any more, but
because of a half-intended wish, you are here.  I will stand by you, help raise
him as my son.  I will never hurt him.  Nor will I ever allow his mother, who
now belongs to me, to ever be hurt either."  She broke down into tears.  "Ssshh,
I didn't mean to frighten you.  I only wanted you to understand how strongly I
feel about this.  You aren't in any danger."
	"Please," she just sat there, pulled into herself and cried.
	"Come here, baby, ssshh, it's okay.  Just say yes, give me your word that
you will be mine, and it will be over.  Give me your word, and I will accept it. 
*Just say yes, Darlin, you won't have to worry about saying anything else.  I
will know your heart and mind.  I will understand.  Just give me your trust. *
	'He can read my mind'!  She gasped fear rising again.
	*Don't, please, I will not intrude on your private thoughts, only what is at
the surface. *
	She broke, just folded in on herself.  "Okay," she tried to keep from
pulling away as Jessy pulled her close.  "Please, don't hurt me."
	"Never, now, tell me, are you breast feeding?"  He would move on, let her
begin to see that he would see to the duty he had with her.  She shook her head. 
"Good, if you had been, I was going to wait to finish your tie with me until
after I had someone go out and buy formula.  I don't know what effect my blood
would have on your milk."
	She looked up, almost against her will.  "Please, don't, take from me twice,
but don't, he's just a baby, please."
	*Fran, you can't lie mind to mind.  The truth cannot be hidden like this. 
He will, call, me Papa.  I will raise him with you as my son.  I would never
hurt him.  He alone in my house will remain un-bound to me.  He will grow up. 
The blood you take from me.  I am worried that it would see to it that he never
did.  I would never do that to him. *
	"Why?" She whispered,  "Why are you doing this?"
	"Because the woman I love, more than anything else in my world, love as if
she were my true Childe.  She wanted to see I had a wish, one that I never meant
to voice.  She expects me to accept her gift.  And if I take you, I must also
see to him.  And the only way I can do that, that the boy would understand, is
if I do it as his father."  He leaned forward to kiss her lightly.  "You gave me
your trust.  I will never see it abused."
	She cried out, as she felt the hot flash of pain as Jessy bit her, but then
. . . . .
	*It's okay, see, I have stopped. *  He pulled her close to his chest,
holding her tightly as he leaned forward to remove the knife from his boot. 
*Now, Darlin, be mine. *  He gashed his throat, pulling her head up to it. 
*Drink. * He moaned softly as he felt her mouth open against his skin, the pull,
on his blood. 
	'No'! Her mind cried out as she felt the cut heal, and the blood stop.
	Jessy just held her, stroking her hair as she bit at his throat, trying to
keep his blood flowing to her.  "You are mine now, Darlin.  Do you feel it?"
	She touched her lips, so confused.  "What, happened?  What did you do to
me?"
	"I shared blood with you. I made you mine."
	She shook her head.  "But, it," she couldn't seem to make the words come
out.
	"That is how it will always be.  There is no pleasure like when I feed from
you, other than when you feed from me.  And when it is done at the same time,
there is none greater."  He captured her lips with his, drawing a response from
her.  "My blood will enable your body to heal much faster than before.  What I
took from you, your body will now be able to replace in a couple of hours
instead of days."
	She had lost her virginity at thirteen, been a prostitute since she was
sixteen, knew more about a man than most women who were twice her age, but now,
like this, it all just seemed to wash away.  Here like this, in his arms. 
Responding to him like she was she felt new again.

	"What do you want me to call you," the question was soft, "Do I call you
Master?"  She sat, at peace, in his lap.
	"You, you call me Jessy.  Kris is your mistress, and she prefers to be
called ma'am.  But you, you call me Jessy.  I will not have the mother of my
son, call me master."  And as if he heard him, the baby began to cry.  "Go on
Darlin, he's hungry, and wet.  You get his bottle ready, I will try my hand at
attempting to change him."  He gently pushed her off his lap.  "You do realize,
I have no idea what side is up on a diaper."  He grinned softly as she giggled,
bending to get both a pre-made bottle and a diaper from her bag.
		*	*	*
	Kris looked up from Ryan and Brenda as Jessy led Fran back into the main
room.  "Was about to intrude on you.  What took so long?"
	"First, I had to earn her trust.  Then after we had finished making her
mine, Nick, here, he woke up and had to be fed and changed.  Would have probably
taken a lot less time, but I was stupid enough to decide I wanted to try to
change him.  No offense, dear, sorry for sounding sexist, but, I think, I'll
leave, diaper, changing to the women in my home.  You at least are smart enough
to know what to do."  He saw to it that Fran was seated.  "Now, I do believe I
need to change.  When I finally got the thing off him, he christened me."  He
looked at Fran, holding up a hand.  "Hush, girl.  I am sure, as he grows, I am
going to be so gifted with many more of his bodily fluids."
	Kris watched him, move across the room to the stairs.  You forgive me?
	There was never anything to forgive.  Like I said, I will take care of this. 
After all, it would appear, I seem to be getting rather good at being a father.
	I love you.
	And I you, beloved, and I you.
		*	*	*
	"You coming to bed, Jess?"  Kris was ready to call it a night.  Actually she
wanted to do nothing more than finish thanking Ryan for what he had given her.
	"Soon," he sat on the edge of the bed, rocking the baby.  Fran lay behind,
him, watching closely.  "Let me absorb this just a little longer."
	"He's absolutely adorable."  Kris leaned over to kiss him.  "Take your time,
I'm sure Ryan and I will come up with something to do, to keep ourselves
occupied in your absents."  Take pity on the girl, Jess, you fed from her, have
kept her at your side, all night.  Make love to her.  I know she has to be so
hot for you, if it wasn't for the fact that you still frighten her, she would
probably have attacked you by now.
	I will, do you really think I could resist, as you have said, I have fed
from her, and she has been with me ever since.  But let me see to her baby,
first.  Then perhaps, she will relax enough to be a little less frightened of
me.
	You know, I think that this might be good for you.  God knows, you have a,
father's, soul. 
	
	Jessy looked down at the sleeping infant in his arms, and then back to his
mother. "I do think, he is finally asleep."  He rose slowly, trying not to
disturb the sleeping infant.  "Shall we go and tuck him in bed.  Just as soon as
we get to the new house, I am sure that one of the many rooms can be decorated
in all the things he will need as he grows up.  But for now, he will have to
make due with one of the drawers in your room.  As so many of the woman that I
knew from my past, did."
		*	*	*
	Jessy watched on as she settled her baby, his son.  He was so afraid, he
would make a mistake, that this sweet desire to give him what ever he wished
for, would blow up in her face as he was forced to eventually, either kill the
boy, or see that he never was allowed free thought again.
	No! He would not allow that to happen.  He will call me Papa, he will not,
as a child, know that I claim him, always.  I will make this work.  One positive
thing about the chaos that his life was now, he had learned to be very quick on
his feet.  "Don't worry about him, Darlin, he will sleep safely."  He gently
turned her to gaze down into her eyes.  "Come here, I am hungry again, And I
need to make your body as much mine, and I have made your mind."
	If I was willing to let it happen, for money, I can, and, will, do it for
this.  She didn't fight him, as Jessy bent to lift her up to carry her to the
bed.  She had seen the others, and how they were to each other.  They belonged
to this one, same as she did.  Surely, if they were as loving and kind to each
other.  Then he was the cause.  That he would be the same.
	"You're not afraid."  Jessy was just a little surprised.  Then, he smiled. 
Surprised or no, he was very pleased.  Another, benefit of his new life, was the
need to practice his mental skills more often. 
	She looked up at him.  "Even if all that you told me, isn't true.  If it is
all just a game you play, you took me.  I will play, be anything you want.  If
only because, if the only thing you offer me, is a real home, I see it as worth
anything you want me to do."  She reached out and pulled at his shirt, trying to
loosen it.  "I trust you, because of so many, 'ifs'."
	I will make this work.  He helped her pull his shirt off over his head. 
Reaching to work the buttons of her top.  Exposing her torso.  Felt her body
begin to give into his hands, even as he pulled her top off.  She really isn't
afraid of me.  The reality was sweeter than her blood as he sank his fangs into
the flesh of her breast.  He wasn't even two hundred yet, and already, yes,
indeed.  Now the world might be more complicated since he had taken Randy, but
with each new layer of problems, came added rewards.  Cultivating, in the,
freedom that this child responded with.
	He chuckled at her as she hurried to pull the rest of her clothes from her. 
"What's the hurry, Darlin?  I have hours."
	Hours, he was going to be with her for hours.  She would start to show him,
what she had to offer to pay for all he was offering her.  "That's good," she
went into his arms, mouth against his chest.  "It's going to take that long." 
Fingers worked at the buttons of his jeans.
	He leaned back, pulling her over him, feeling the light fingers on him, the
mouth that was so eager.  "You don't say."  As the warm, wet, heat of her mouth
took him.  He closed his eyes, and moaned softly.  He reached a hand to stroke
her hair softly, silently encouraging her.  Do, you trust me?  He cupped her
head as she tried to pull away, to answer him.  No words Darlin, here, like
this, where only truth is told.  Do you trust me?
	She stopped for a moment, thinking.  Did she trust him?  He kept asking
that.  Yes. 
	Then come here, take the knife in my boot, and hand it to me.
	"What?"  She made it back up his body, holding out the knife.
	He wrapped his arms around her, turning so that he could look down into her
eyes.  "I keep asking this, I know.  But do you trust me?"
	She stopped, eyes searching his face for something.  "Yes, why do you keep
asking.  You, have bitten me twice already, you haven't hurt me.  I believe that
you won't.
	He kissed her.  "Because, this time, I want to do more than just feed from
you.  Will you take from me while I do from you?  It is a very intense feeling. 
I want to make sure you believe that I can and will, control myself during it." 
He reached and with a light touch, parted her thighs so he would slip in.  You,
you have given me more than I ever hoped for, with not only your child, but also
your trust, so freely given.  I will see to it that you understand, fully, how
much this means to me.  He cut deep into her jugular, offering her his blood, as
he leaned down and fed on hers.  Giving into the bliss that he felt with her. 
Rocking slowly, making love to her so very gently.
	Had Fran, been able to think, hadn't been so into what he was making her
feel.  She might have felt a touch of apprehension.  Nicky was only five days
old.  She was still so tore up from his birth.  But as she was, totally immersed
in all that he was pouring on her, by the times she thought to question him, he
was already making love to her, and it was so good.




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 16

	Kris turned over, smiling as Jessy slipped into their bed.  "Have, you got
everything, taken care of?"
	"I have a lot I want to talk about with you later, but not now, I am just in
too good of a mood to be serious for any time.  Yes, she is fine, and yes, I
left her smiling."  He nipped at her shoulder.  "Actually, I left her in the
kitchen, heating up a bottle for the baby.  But," he chuckled to himself,  "she
was most definitely, smiling."
	"I'm sorry, Jessy, I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that.  It just
seemed like such a good idea.  You've given me so much, I only wanted to come up
with some way to show you how much your help, and your presence mean to me."
	He snorted, "I'm not talking about that, if anything, the fact that you gave
her to me, when you did, and how you did, is what I am so pleased with.  I'm not
even two hundred yet, and already I have enough control to walk them through
that first fear, without having to dominate them completely."
	"Ramaine thought as much.  He said that if you were strong enough to help me
through my first year, young or no, you had more power than anyone your, age,
should have.   He said that no one he knew would try something this insane,
other than maybe you and I, so he couldn't swear that it would work, but he
didn't see why not."  She pulled away from Ryan, to go into Jessy's arms.  "You
do realized that your mother, is going to have a field day with this.  She keeps
telling them all that you were unlike any of us.  That you would redefine what
we were."
	He nipped at her nose, playfully.  "And why in the hell would she say
something like that?"
	"Because, being the way you are, you grant her, her most fervent wish, that
we will grow, we have to continue to develop.  That was why they put the ban on
us to begin with.  So, that we would be forced to learn to adapt to our world,
to grow.  She doesn't fully understand how you could be so young; I mean your
what around a hundred and forty or so.  But she, wished, with all her heart, for
her to have some connection to the change that is, having, to be made for our
race.  And through you, she is.  She told me that one day, that was when I
talked with Sweety, and she told me what you have said, which is what got all of
this to happen."
	"And you have.  I don't know, with your being an orphan, and all, if you
will understand what it means, when I tell you, that though, I didn't make you,
you are my daughter, my Childe."
	"That first night, last year, when I was just finally coming back to myself. 
I had wished, more than anything, if I had to be this, I wished it had been you
who did it."
	He saw red, as tears clouded his vision.  *I would never, dare hope, but
there is a little practiced way of our people.  Rarely is a Childe orphaned
before they, become, an adult at a hundred.  But on those rare occasions, a
family member can adopt them as their Childe.  I know I am barely an adult, but
I am one.  Will you call me Father? *
	*In my heart, I already do. *  She felt the biting pain, in her throat, even
as she sank her own teeth into him.  *You are my Father, my Lover, my Husband,
my soulmate, and my friend. *  And she opened her soul, as her body welcomed
him.
		*	*	*
	The room was silent, as Jessy and Kris finally came 'alive'.  It just didn't
feel normal, even if the room was quiet, it was never this quiet.  "Butch?" 
Kris looked around.
	"He's not here, neither is pet or my girl."  Jessy lay a hand on her
shoulder.
	"They're not?  How do you know," then she stopped, flushing.  "Oh, yeah,
right, nevermind."
	"We'll let's go see what is up, I have never known, all, of them to be
absent from the room, when I wake."
	Kris just pulled back slightly, reaching out to touch his cheek.  "Evening,
Father."
	He just smiled.  Blowing her a kiss.  "I love you too, Childe, now let's go
track down someone and find out what's up."
		*	*	*
	The doorknob turned, even as Jessy was reaching for it.  "Master, good, I
was heading to meet you.  The rest are in fussing over Fran's baby.  Jake had
thought it best, if we kept Fran's mind occupied after butch went with pet and
girl.  She was a little upset because pet wouldn't let her go with them.  They
are out, getting things for Nicky.  So we all just kinda overwhelmed her with
our mass attention.  She's all right now.  Once we got her calmed down enough to
listen, we were able to make her see that, for now, it was how it had to be.
	Jessy just looked at him, for a moment.  "'Jake suggested what'?"
	Bobby just shrugged.  "I know that the guy has a rep for being a pain in the
ass, but I've never seen it.  Maybe, he hated being dominated as much as I did. 
Or maybe more.  I got over it. I don't think he has yet, or ever will.  But,
either way, he's in there with the rest, fussing over her."
	
	Jake looked up, as Jessy and Kris entered the room, Bobby behind them.  He
almost fell in his haste to pull back from where he had curled up on the bed,
Fran leaning against him, listening to the rest talk.  "Master," he stammered. 
"I swear, ask anyone here, I didn't touch her."
	Jessy just reached out and stroked the man's cheek.  "I know Boy.  Angel
told me that it was your idea to keep her mind occupied while pet took my girl
and butch and went out to get her some things for our son."  Poor boy, still, so
touchy.  "So, how are you, Darlin?"  He turned his attention to Fran, using his
name for her, just like he did with the rest he owned in his home.  "Did you
finally understand why you needed to stay home, for now?"
	"I didn't understand why, I mean, last night you said."  Fran didn't move
from where she was.
	Jessy nodded.  He had hoped that by the time she had wanted to go out, that
he dared let her.  Unfortunately things just didn't work out that way.  "I'm
sorry, Darlin.  I would have just as soon, never had you face this.  I was
hoping by the time you decided that you wanted to go out.  You would have been
here for mored than just one night.  But, with the fact that Nick needs things
like clothes, diapers, and formula.  You had to face the restrictions of your
new life."  He pulled her close, shushing the little resistance in her body. 
"Come on, Darlin, don't be upset, I just hadn't thought to warn you.  I don't
make it a habit of having to warn those in my house, of the folly of trying to
make it out for the first few weeks.  Yes I believe you, even if I didn't, you
have a bond with me now, you could never live without me.  But until such time
as you begin to come to terms with that, it's better to just not put any more
stress on you."  He lifted her chin, smiling down into her eyes.  "Believe it or
not, Darlin, I don't want to upset you.  Trust me, you will be far less a
problem for me, if you are happy."  He kissed her softly.  "Now, tell me, how is
Nicky doing tonight?"
	"Fussy, he's only six days old, but already it feels like he's six months
old.  He doesn't sleep a lot."
	He just laughed.  "No, I don't suppose at that age he would.  It's okay,
baby, I am sure that between us, we can help you out, with him."		
	"Are you going to let me take him to the clinic?  He's supposed to go to get
a check up.  Are you going to let me take him?"  She pressed herself against
him.  "Please, Jessy, I won't cause any problems, I promise."
	Jessy just chuckled, kissing her.  "He is still just a newborn, of course
you can take him to the doctor, but there will be no clinic.  Find a good
pediatrician.  God knows thanks to Janis and Kris, I can afford it."
	Kris lay a hand on his arm, smiling at him.  "Father, we need to start
getting ready to move.  There isn't that much time to play with, from sun down
to sunrise.  So I suppose we are just going to have to forgo, any play, until we
get moved.  The sooner we get moved, the better I like it."
	"You're right, Childe.  Just as soon as the rest get back, we can start
getting them to move."  'Damn, I am beginning to sound like Janis.  I never
understood why all of the other elders sounded so stuffy, but now I do.  All it
takes is to end up with one kid, and all hell breaks loose.'
		*	*	*
	Kris looked around the new house.  She hadn't really thought about what it
would be like to move into here.  But now that they had, she felt so much, more
at ease, than she had felt in months and months.  It really was a nice feeling.
	Ryan's painting, the gift he had given her, was hung over the fireplace, the
position of honor.  She still couldn't believe he had made it for her.  It was
just so beautiful.  "You have no idea, Puck, what this means to me."  She hugged
him.  "You still haven't told me, what you would like in return."  She nibbled
at the base of the mortal's throat.  "Come on, love, what kind of reward would
you like?"
	Ryan leaned back against her.  "Can I keep painting us?  I feel my happiest
when I am working."
	Kris gently turned him around.  "Baby," she kissed him.  "You do such
beautiful work, as long as you let us see what you are making, you can draw,
color and paint, to your hearts content."  She pulled his mouth to hers.  "But
that isn't a reward.  That is what you do, what you are."
	Ryan moaned, pulling her close as they kissed.  His tongue dancing
erotically with hers.  "Chose me for a while.  Let it be me that feeds you."
	Kris just laughed softly.  "Now that is the reward I hoped you would ask
for.  Sure, baby, you have been looking absolutely delectable for some time
now."
		*	*	*
	Jessy looked down at Bobby who lay under him, gagged and bound spread on the
bed.  He was so very pretty.  He had let his piercings be, after healing them. 
And now, as he looked down at them, he began to envision what the others would
look like with them.  It wouldn't take Aaron to do what he was planning.  Maggy
had been his long enough to enable her to do it.  She did more than just art. 
It shouldn't be a problem for him to let her come here, like she had when he had
the lot marked as his and Kris's.  "You know what, Angel?  I think the rest will
look as good decorated as you do.  I think I am going to have to call Aaron and
have him send his girl down."  He lowered his mouth to let his teeth pull
teasingly at the ring in Bobby's right nipple.  Smiling at Bobby's muffled
agreement.  "Well, we'll talk about that later.  Right now, I have something
much better to occupy my time with."  He reached for the lash.
		*	*	*
	"No."  Mitch shook his head.  The rest just bent to Jessy's will when he had
told them what he had planned for all of them.  But he just couldn't.  Oh, he
thought they looked good enough on Bobby, but he had never imagined having them
done to him.
	Jessy sighed.  He knew sooner or later, Mitch would reach a stopping point. 
Of all of his pets, Mitch was the only one, other than Fran, and that was
because she was his child's mother, that didn't make it a habit of calling him
'Master'.  Mitch had been completely his.  He always thought it was because he
had, fully, accepted that he belonged here, and to him.  But now, he was
standing up to resist him.  "That was not a request Butch, you will be
decorated."
	"No.  I lived with losing my hair, Krissy explained that it was just
something that happened when you took me, your blood, it kills all the
follicles, but, I can't do that.  I'm sorry, but I just can't"
	"You don't have a choice.  You will do it, like it or not.  I would rather
have you agree.  I don't want to have to punish you.  But if you don't back down
and agree with the rest, I will have to."
	"Master, no."  Jake moved forward, reaching out a hand to lay it on Jessy's
leg.  "Please, he is just arguing with you, don't do to him what you did to me. 
I deserved it.  He hasn't hit anyone.  He didn't hurt anyone.  Please, Master,
don't."
	Jessy patted his hand.  "I won't do that, Boy, you are right, you deserved
your punishment.  I might have to whip him, but I won't do that to him.  I
promise."  Then he looked back at Mitch.  "Are you going to make me have to
'make' you, love?  Am I going to end up, with my girl upset with me because I
had to hurt you?"
	Mitch just looked at him, and then at Kris, who sat there, silent.  "I'm
sorry, I just can't.  Please Jessy, Kris, understand, I just can't.  I love you
both, I know where I belong, but I just can't do this.  I can't just say yes,
and lay down and let it happen."
	*Father, * Kris wouldn't challenge him.  She wouldn't even question him
where the others could hear.  *Is this something that you are set on?  Does,
Butch have to? *
	The concept that she was now, by adoption, his Childe still pleased him. 
*Yes, baby, he does.  Are you going to be okay with this, if I have to punish
him to make him say, yes? *
	*If you stop when he says 'yes', I guess I can live with it.  If you really
don't plan to punish him like you did Jake, I will keep quiet. *
	Jessy pulled himself up.  "Come on Butch, though I hate to do this, I have
to make you say yes."  He held out his hand.  "But, my word, when you say,
'yes', I will stop."  He didn't want to do this.  Of all of them, other than
Randy,  Patty and Fran, Mitch was the last of his feeders he wanted to hurt.
	"If I don't fight, are you going to leave me like you left Jake?"  He
suddenly realized what saying 'no' meant.  He was going to be forced to agree to
this.  Jessy was going to make him say 'yes'.
	Jessy shook his head, making as soft tisking in his throat.  "You didn't hit
anyone, Butch, didn't do like Jake had, you haven't abused anyone who was weaker
than you.  I will spank you, in front of all in this room, but I won't take your
free will.  If I did that, how could I possibly expect you to say yes freely. 
Like I said, I will spank you, until you say yes.  The moment you say 'yes' I
will stop.  I don't want to hurt you, Butch, you aren't giving me a choice. 
Believe that, if you can believe nothing else.  I don't want to have to hurt
you.  I don't have a choice."  *I would have whipped you, but I just don't have
it in me.  That is why I am spanking you here, in front of the rest.  So I don't
have to do this again in the near future. *  He led him to the bed in the
corner.  "Okay, Butch, take off your clothes.  And lay over my knee."
	"Please, Jessy, don't, do this.  I'm sorry, I just can't.  Don't do this to
me."
	"Hush, for now, until you agree, you call me 'master'.  Now hurry up, the
sooner I get this over with, the sooner I can see to your healing."
	"Please," Mitch looked to where Kris sat, silent.  She was not going to help
him.  "Master, anything, just I can't do this.  Please, understand."
	"You can, and you will.  Now bend over.  No more talking, unless you say
'yes'.  That is the only word I want to hear from you.  You will say yes, I just
hate that I have to hurt you to make you do it."  He rubbed Mitch's back as he
bent over his knees, trembling, but trying to hold himself in check.  "I will
ask you, again, after each fifth blow.  But, honey, at anytime, if you are
willing to obey me, just say so, and no matter which number I am on, I will
stop.  I don't want to do this.  But I have to.  I can't have you questioning my
orders, it sets a bad precedent for the rest."  *And don't look to your mistress
for help.  She might be your lover, but she is my Childe. *  He brought his hand
down, in a resounding smack, listening to Mitch bite back a cry of pain.  "Say
'yes' love, please say 'yes'."  Again he brought his hand down.
	Mitch hissed, trying not to scream, as he felt Jessy's hand strike him,
again and again.  But he couldn't say yes, for that.  Pain he wasn't afraid of,
if this had been for any other reason, other than punishment, to make him mind
he, would have, probably, enjoyed it.  But the fact that, Jessy was going to
make him, do this thing that he just couldn't agree to do, that hurt more than
any thing the vampire could think to do to him.
	"Butch, are you still with me?  Say 'yes'.  You don't even have to say
anything else, just say 'yes'."  Jessy stroked the heated flesh under his hand.
	"I'm sorry Master, but I can't.  Please, understand, anything else, please,
ask anything else of me, but not this."  This time when Jessy's hand came down,
Mitch did cry out in pain.  He was going to be forced to agree to it, and as
Jessy brought down his hand, harder than he had ever thought of hitting any of
them, other than Bobby, Mitch began to realize, that 'yes' he was going to lose
this battle of wills.  That Jessy was going to prove to him once and for all,
that he did indeed own him, and would do anything to him that he wanted to do. 
And there was nothing Mitch could do about it, but just let him.

	"You know," Bobby whispered to Alex.  "I always thought, that for a poor
little straight boy, butch wasn't half bad.  But now, like this.  He isn't near
as bright as I thought he was.  Master, he give me what I need, and not even
when he is pushing me the most, has he ever hit me that hard."
	"He is going to be ill, as hell, tonight."  Alex agreed.
	"I guess it's sort of a struggle for dominance thing."  Bobby muttered. 
"Even if butch likes it a bit rough, he is about as submissive as Master is, and
every now and then, he just has a brief flash of stupidity."

	'Please, Mitch, say 'yes''.  Kris sat there, praying, as Jessy asked him
again, and again, Mitch couldn't bend.  'Damn you, you moron, can't you see what
this is doing to him?  Just say yes, please, you stubborn fool, say 'yes''.  She
wouldn't say anything, couldn't, and didn't dare.  But watching the two men she
loved so much hurting like they were now.  It was cutting her up.  And as Jessy
paused again, asked again, and was met with defiance again.  She wanted to
scream.

	Mitch just couldn't do it, not, anymore.  Jessy had hit him, what,
twenty-three, twenty-four, times.  "No, please."  He finally cried out. 
Screaming as the crushing pain lanced through him again as Jessy's hand came
down.
	"Please, honey, just say yes, don't make me have to hit you again."  Jessy
was near mad with pain.  He did not want to do this, wished more than anything
that he didn't have to.  But he wouldn't take Mitch's right to choose from him. 
He would agree to this, knowing what he was agreeing to.
	It took Mitch a moment to realize that the blows had stopped.  "Please,
Master," he tried to lift his head.  "Don't, please, Master, no more."
	Jessy's face tightened.  "Lay back down Butch."
	"No, Master."  Mitch recoiled from him.  "Yes please 'YES'!  Please, Master,
no more."
	Jessy's face went through several different emotions.  "Yes?"
	"Please, Master, yes, please, anything."  He could barely breathe. 
	Jessy pulled him up, gently, turning him to sit in his lap, as he held him. 
Shushing his pained cry as he did so.  "No, more," he gashed at his wrist,
offering what help he could.  "Soon, love, soon it will stop hurting."
	Mitch fell back against him as the blood ceased to flow.  "Please, Master,
I'm sorry, I'll do it.  Please, don't, not again."
	Jessy kissed him lightly.  "No more, I promised there will be, no more."  He
fussed over him, over the red marks that he had just left on his skin.  They
would be bruises.  Already the swelling had begun.  "I'm sorry, I didn't want to
do this to you."
	"Jess," Kris held out a hand.  "Let me talk to him.  Now that he has agreed,
let me talk to him."
	Mitch moved slowly as Jessy let him go.  "I said yes, Krissy, I'm sorry." 
He tried to explain.
	"You asshole."  She reached out and hit him.  "Why did you do that?  You
have any idea what you put him through?"  She hit him again.  "Let me guess, you
are just too damn good to look like everyone else?"
	*Kris, enough.  I told him that that when he agreed, there would be no more. 
Let it go. *  Jessy didn't want there to be any more problems in his house.  It
had been enough to have to push Mitch the way he had.  But here, and now, he
just didn't have the heart to listen to Kris as well.
	"I'm sorry, Ma'am, I don't know why I did that.  Just being pig headed I
guess."  He wiped the blood from his lip.  "I'm sorry, god, I'm sorry."
	"No more?"  She gathered him close, as quick to fuss over his injuries as
Jessy was.
	"No, Ma'am, I got my ass beat, I might be stupid, but I'm not a complete
moron.  I won't argue anymore."  It felt so good, to be in her arms.  "At least
not anytime in the near future, that is."
	"Listen to me, Butch, please, don't fight.  Not, again I can't protect, you
from him.  Especially when he is right.  Don't push him, please."  *Please,
Butch, he, he's more than just my friend and mate now, he's my Father.  I made
an oath to him, one that if I break it, I become something other than what I can
live with.  I love him, if you only knew how much. *
	*And I love you.  For you, I will do this, no matter how much I hate it. 
For you, and what I feel for you, I will bite my tongue. *
	*Leave off love. *  Jessy broke into their silent conversation.  *It's a guy
thing.  I knew he would finally refuse me, back when I took him.  He isn't like
the rest of my boy's.  And he's not like Jake.  Don't worry so.  It won't kill
me if on occasion, I have to remind him of his place.  And it won't kill him to
learn it, every now and then. *




Children Of The Night
By Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 17

	"You know, boy, if you weren't my Great Grandson, I might be tempted to be
jealous of your good fortune."  Anise looked around the room, to his daughters
GrandChilde.  "And you want to take on the duty of being the infants father, in
truth?"
	"He is my Father, Anise.  I'm sorry if I upset anyone, but, Marcus might
have made me, but Jessy is my father."  Kris lay her hand on Jessy's arm, as he
stood by her, holding his son.  "I know it sounds really strange, but it works
for me.  And I already accepted Nick as my little brother, not like me, but
still my little brother."
	Anise looked at Janis.  "And you are at peace with this GrandChilde?"
	"I really don't have a lot of choice in it, Anise.  Jessy is an adult.  I
placed her in his care, to see to her raising.  What else could we expect?  He
might be young, but he is my Childe, after all.  Now the mortal he has decided
to father as well, I didn't expect, but again, he is an adult.  It is his right. 
There can never again be another Childe made.  Until another of us dies, Kris is
the last one.  So my boy, he has sought out the only road to fatherhood left
available to him."  She would not let him pass judgement on her son.  He was her
Childe, and an adult.  She would protect his rights.
	"Give it up cousin, the girl is as bad as her Childe when it comes to being
protective of what is hers."  Ramaine laughed.  "The Infant had come to me, back
when she was first trying to come up with a way to see her father's dream
materialized.  I was the one that told her that it was possible, The boy is
strong enough to handle it.  A mortal child's mind is very easy to mold and
shape."
	The elder vampire just chuckled, shaking his head.  "Oh, I'm not fussing.  I
think, as rebellious as this new path that the boy is taking is, it is also a
wonderful one."  Then to Kris,  "no infant, I was not questioning the right your
father had to make you his Childe.  Only if he fully understood what the act of
re-making you would mean.  To go from your Sire by adoption to by birth."
	There was absolute silence after his words.  Other than him, and perhaps
Ramaine no one else knew what he meant.
	"What do you mean, 'Sire by birth'?"  Jessy looked from him down at Kris. 
"Elder, she is one of us already.  I can, and have adopted her as mine, but are
you saying that I could have done more?"
	"Yes, 'Father'," Asha crossed her arms in front of her.  "You keeping
secrets from me?"
	Anise just laughed.  "Not hiding from you, Daughter.  Just something that
this is the first time it has come up, in more years than you have been my
Childe."
	"What are you talking about Father?"
	"If his mother wasn't here, I wouldn't suggest this.  But as she is, and is
your Childe, and you mine, I think it is safe enough to do.
	"Do?"  Jessy handed Fran their son.  "Do, what, Elder?"
	Anise motioned for him to come close.  Gathering his younger kinsman close. 
"You are very young for this, Jessy, but the display you have shown thus far,
with not only her care, but the control you have over your herd, has me
believing that even as young as you are, you will be able to take on this
challenge."
	"Elder, you are now the Father of our family.  I trust you, as surely as I
trust my mother or grandmother.  But I still don't understand what you are
saying."
	"Rare is it that an infant or Childe is orphaned.  Which is why it is so
uncommon for one to be adopted.  You know that.  The very fact that you even
thought to invoke that most archaic law speaks highly of your mother's training
of you.  But even rarer still is the knowledge that one, who is still so much a
Childe that he or she is near newborn, can be re-made by another.  Yes Marcus
did indeed make her his Childe, but he is dead, it is to you that she has turned
to for support.  You, who have held up and grown with her, so to you, should go
the honor and joy of her parenting."
	"Are you sure, you can safeguard him, cousin?"  Ramaine watched as Jessy
pulled away from Anise, to gather Kris close.
	"Janis is him mother, if she can't control him, Asha is hers, and I am
Asha's father.  Yes, I am sure."
	"What about the ban, adoption, yes, but to make a Childe.  I don't know
Anise, I had to watch my brother go into the sun already for that sin, I can't
ask that of my son."
	"Marcus might have been your brother, Janis, but he was my, GrandChilde. 
You will never fully understand what the pain of his death was for me.  I would
never risk doing that to another of my family.  Jessy is my Great Grandson. 
Now, Kris, if they agree, will be my Great-great Granddaughter.  I had given
Marcus my word and bond that I would never let her be hurt.  The ban has no
bearing on this.  She is one Of the Blood, already.  There will be no, true,
death here.  Only a change of allegiances."  He smiled at the two as Kris held
on to Jessy.  "Had Marcus not did what he had, and had only pointed her out as
his replacement, with all probability, you son would have been her brother at
the start, but like you did with Marcus, he would have ended up being so much
more than just her older brother.  This way, at least we can see to it that they
are set on the proper path now, and let it play out as it will."
	"But, I can see, if I was going to do it, or my mother, or you.  But Marcus
was much older than my son.  Just how can he change what is already been set
into play?"
	"That is why I am here, to see to it that he can do this.  You are his
mother.  You should be able to see that it is done safely.  Like your mother did
for you the first time you made a Childe.  Jessy is going to have to kill her
again, and then, as she hangs between life and death, do as we all did when we
chose to pass our blood to a Childe, and give her his.  You will see to him,
just as you have seen to your other children when they passed on the blood, for
the first time, to your grandchildren."  He nodded at Asha.  "Your mother is
here, if it is too much, what with Kris being one of us, already, for you to
guard him and his Childe's life.  And I am here.  Asha is my Childe.  And if
that is still not enough, Ramaine is my father's sister's Childe.  And is older
than I.  If that cannot safeguard her life, nothing can."  Anise lay his hands
on both Jessy and Kris.  "So, Childe, are you up to this?  Is the promise of
making her Your Childe greater than the fear of failure?"
	Jessy looked into Kris's eyes, lost in the openness there.  She was more
his, now than he had ever thought anyone would ever be.  More open than he
thought anyone could be.  "If I knew that I could do this, I would."
	"You can do this, Childe.  I know it."
	Jessy looked up at Anise.  "But, Elder, her life, it's tied to mine so, if
she dies, I die too."
	"She won't die, Childe.  You were not put at risk when Janis made you.  So
you will not her."
	"But I am the twelfth of her children.  She had done it many times.  Me,
I've never."
	"Why do you think, I brought both my Childe and your mother when I came
here.  Janis will watch over you.  Asha will watch over her, and if I have to, I
can help Asha if she needs it.  And, as I said, Ramaine is my cousin, and older
than I.  I know it can be done."
	*Please, Father. *  Kris begged him.
	*If, I hurt you, * he began.
	*But you won't.  Please, be my Father, for real.  Let me be more than just
your mate, wife and Childe by adoption.  Let me call you Father, and mean it. *
	Jessy touched her cheek, wiping the trail of tears that flowed down her
face.  "So, baby, you want to be mine?"
	*It's okay, Childe, I am here. *  Janis's mind touched Jessy's as he began
to re-make Kris.
	Jessy felt his mother's will on his as he went to do something that before
this day, was considered sin.  He made a Childe.  *Hold on, baby, I've got you.
*  Janis's supported his strength, and he could feel Asha and Anise's hand as
well.
	Kris clung to Jessy, as she felt death near again.  But this time, she
didn't face it with fear, but gladly.
				
	Randy held Mitch as they watched on.  "It's okay, Kris will be okay.  You
don't know them like I do."  He had no doubt that Kris would be just fine.  He
knew personally what Jessy was able to do, and had felt both Janis's and Asha's
power before.  And if the Elder was anything like Asha, then there was no chance
of failure.
		*	*	*
	*Go on, love, live, * Jessy pulled her head to his throat, as he pulled back
from feeding on her.  She was so weak now, anymore and she would die in truth.
	*Keep feeding from her Childe.  As she feeds from you, as long as there is
any of Marcus's blood in her, she will not be yours. *  A soft voice in his
mind.
	Jessy had never had to focus on the taste of his own blood before.  But as
he went to drain Kris of all of Marcus's, he had to be very aware of it, so that
when the blood he pulled from her was purely his, he would know.
	
	*It's done.  You are mine. *  Jessy couldn't believe what he was feeling. 
He kept being overwhelmed with her, at every turn.  How could anyone bear to ban
this from them?  And how could anyone agree?  He had thought that there never
was going to be anything that compared to what he felt the night Janis made him. 
But the completion of a cycle, in him making Kris his, was so much more
powerful?
	"I seriously hope that the next Childe is from another family."  Ramaine
commented to Asha.  "I'm just too damn old for this sort of thing anymore.  So
best you and Anise plan to live for a very long time to come."
	"As long as there is still the ban in place, I agree."  Anise commented
back, smiling as Jessy lay with Kris, lost in the newness that all felt with the
birth of their Childe.  "As sweet as this is, I would just as soon never have to
do it again.  My Father died before the ban, so there was no need to hurry and
replace him in the number.  But now, there is six thousand four hundred and
thirty-one in the world, and that number must remain constant..  No more, no
less, and the making of a Childe is going to be a fast thing, so that if there
is another death, that number will remain as it is."
		*	*	*
	Randy was the first to graciously bow out of his normal spot with Jessy for
the day.  And after him, they all just suddenly found somewhere else to sleep. 
Leaving the vampires to share a bed, or as many of them as wanted to, that was.
	"So, cousin, it does appear that we are the odd men out tonight."  Ramaine
leaned on Anise.  "It would take an act of God and three of Congress to get
those two separated right now.  And Janis and Asha are going to be as bad.  So,
old man, shall we call it a day?"
	"Wait, let's see if the boy is still the master of his house, or if he is
still too lost in the new tie to his Childe."  He cleared his throat for his
bedazzled boy to hear him.  "So, Childe.  This is your home, your herd and
Childe.  It is late, where do you want us?"
	"Elder, I'll be honest.  Right now, I don't care where you want to sleep, as
long as it is below ground.  My boy's, and Kris's three, have bowed out for the
evening.  I'm sending Darlin to sleep in the same room that Nicky is in.  Jake
will probably end up with her. I promise, any of my, bunch would be thrilled to
open their arms to you.  puck most of all Ramaine, he has found a certain peace
with you.  Must be your artist's soul."	He pulled Kris even closer to him. 
"Forgive me Mother, Grandmother, Elder, but right now."  He smiled softly.  "I'm
just one of a long line of children that are part of this.  So I know you all
can understand."
	"Go on, Childe.  There are too many of your family under your roof for you
to worry about any of your toys.  Remember, the law."  Janis kissed his cheek. 
"Take my GrandChilde and put her to bed.  And don't worry if she keeps you busy
late tomorrow.  I have been where you are, several times.  Enjoy the new wonder
you share with her."
	"Just remember, boy, I don't plan to leave this place until I have gotten to
know my youngest kinswoman.  So, unless you have a need for my constant company
for an extended time, best you be willing to let me get to know her."
	Jessy looked up at him, a soft humble look on his face.  "Elder, you can
stay as long as you wish, visit any time you like.  This is my home, and it is
always open to my family."
		*	*	*
	Fran hated bothering Jessy, while he was as distracted with what they were
doing with Kris, but Nicky wouldn't calm down.  He had been crying for the last
hour.  She had learned within the first two days, that Jessy just seemed to have
an almost magical touch with him.  And no matter how upset he was, it never took
Jessy, more, than just a few minutes to settle him.  "Jess?"
	Jessy looked up, wiping his tears, smiling at her.  "Yeah, Darlin?"
	"I'm sorry, but can you talk to Nicky here.  He acts like he would like to
see you."
	Janis laughed, reaching for the baby that Fran was holding out to Jessy. 
"Give me my Grandson.  He is just a baby, I am sure that with all the emotions
and power that is going on around here, he is just a little confused.  You all
know that your master has not abandoned you for his Childe.  But this wee one,
he isn't old enough to understand what is going on."
	Jessy shook his head, taking the baby.  "No, Mother, he is my son."  The
infant stopped crying the moment he heard Jessy's voice.  "See, he just needed
to hear me."  He brushed his lips over the baby's forehead.  "Jealous, that is
what the little man is.  Poor thing, he doesn't understand I haven't left him. 
Just giving him a sister."  He handed the baby to Janis.  "Darlin, this is my
mother.  That makes her Nicky's Grandmother, as surely as she is Kris's."
	"Get on with you, you young scamp.  I am not so old that I have forgotten
how to hold a mortal child."  She smiled at Fran.  "Tell his mother, that I
would never harm him."
	Jake pulled up to wrap an arm around Fran.  "She isn't going to hurt Nicky,
Franny.  I've known here for almost thirteen years.  She is master's mother.  So
quit standing there ready for her to drop him."
	"Darlin, honey, you listen to my boy and my mother.  Nick is as safe with
her as he is with me, more so, she is much stronger than I am, and it would take
a great deal more to get past her to reach him."
	"And child, if it were more than I can face, I have my mother to turn to,
and she her father.  This is the first mortal that has ever been placed in such
a safe place.  Oh the others here, the feeders, I am sure that my son loves
them.  But this child, he is his son.  And by his adoption of him, family."
	"Yes, indeed, if I could get my hands on that thing that sprung her on us
and then had the bad manners to die before we could get to him.  I would kill
him."  Ramaine growled.  "This is going to be an even bigger headache than
setting up the ban was.  Do you have any idea how many are going to take it into
their heads, to start raising a child of their own?"
	"Maybe, let's hold off on changing the law until we see how Janis's boy
deals with this.  He is taking on so much, so let's let him experiment with
these things.  Soon enough, ten or twenty years, and maybe then you will have a
real worry, but right now, it is just a new thought."
		*	*	*
	"So tell me child, Puck is what your master called you, correct?"  Ryan
nodded, trembling with excitement.  "Answer me this, was that your work I saw
over the fireplace earlier?"  Ramaine leaned over to kiss Ryan's shoulder.
	"I made that for M'lady for her first birthday.  She likes it.  They like
all the stuff I do."
	"You have more?  It's not too late, may I see it?"  The boy was an absolute
wonder.  The painting looked almost lifelike, or as lifelike as a painting of
two vampires could be.
	Ryan pulled away, to gather the sketchbook and few pieces he had finished. 
"They are no where near as good as the one that I did for her.  I don't know if
I will ever do anything that good again."  He held out the sketchbook.  "But for
doodles, they're pretty good."
	'Doodles', this child called the work he had crafted doodles.  "Boy, lucky
you are indeed, that I don't poach from my family.  If this is just some of your
'doodles', as you call them, and if the height of your skill is that which hangs
in the living room, you are a prize.  And if I could, I would snatch you. 
Aaron's girl is good, but alas, she is still a woman.  But you, you I could
watch paint all night, and share my bed during the day with."  He looked up from
the book.  "Tell me this, Puck.  How is it that your master is so damn lucky? 
There can never be another Childe, and yet he is Kris's new father.  He has you
all, so well trained.  And that baby.  Anise feels sure that the change, if it
is a good one, will take time for us.  But with as many that miss having a
Childe to raise, the prospect of raining a mortal just might be more than they
can bear, particularly, the women among us.  Did you see how Janis was carrying
on over Nicholas?"
	"M'lady says that just because their dead, doesn't mean that they don't want
to still be parents.  I think, later, when she is finished doing whatever master
has planned for her.  She might go out and take one of her own, to, raise."  He
found the whole discussion somewhat amusing.  First they were vampires, vampires
for Christ's sake.  Jessy had a new idea oh how to keep his, 'herd'.  Then the
baby, and now, if it wasn't so scary, all the things that were coming up fast
and hard around them.  It would be funny.
	"So, pretty one, who came up with this lovely mark you all have?  You do
realize that for the most part, the others who belong to one of us that is not
your master, we don't insist on collars.  Though if you all will be living here,
and those who are here start to visit and get a good look at how pretty you all
are in them, it will only be a matter of time before it is very common.  And
that tattoo, is simply a work of art.  I know Aaron and his girl's work."
	"It was one of the presents he gave us for Christmas, along with the tags
for our collars.  He had me come up with one that was pretty enough for him, and
then he had us all tattooed.  His and hers are the art I gave them for
Christmas.  They like it enough to have Master Aaron color it on them.  The
ring, Mitch gave master for Christmas, is one I drew as well.  He won't take
that ring off.  I seem to be the artsy one in the family."  He blushed looking
down shyly.
	Ramaine lay the book aside, reaching for the boy.  "Well, then why don't you
come over here and be creative with me."
		*	*	*
	Jessy moaned softly, cupping Kris's head to his neck as she fed.  You
haven't been this greedy in a while.
	*Morning, Father, I haven't been hungry like this in a while, either. *  And
she was, she was starved.  It had been a long time since she had ever been this
hungry.  Having Jessy and the rest around had healed her of this feeling rather
quickly.
	Janis, who lay with Asha, curled up beside them yawned.  *Marcus was much
older than you Jess.  So your Childe is going to have to relearn all the control
she had gained thus far. *
	*Back to feeding all the time, great. *  Kris pulled away to lay back. 
"Morning Father," she pulled up at smile down at him.  "Or can I get away with
calling you Daddy?"
	Jessy groaned as both Janis and Asha laughed at Kris's joke.  "Be warned
Grandson, that infant is going to give you gray hairs before it is done.  She is
as bad as Janis was at her age.  Marcus must have known his sister would see to
your care, and settle you with your father, because he has in choosing and
making you, invoked the mothers curse on her."
	"But she is my Childe, so his mothers curse landed on me."  Jessy
complained, kissing Kris lightly.  "That is just fine.  I can deal with you
being like my mother.  My mother was no where near as bad as I was."  He
chuckled evilly as Kris gasped as he pinned her to the bed.  "Our bunch might
just decide they really love you for a while, baby.  With as much loss of
control you have suffered, for now, I am going to have to feed from them, and
you from me.  I am back to being the only one to take care of all of them, and
you, for a while."
	"Not near as long this time as it was the first, dear.  She knows what to
look for now.  It won't take her anytime at all to relearn it."
		*	*	*
	Anise closed his eyes, losing himself in the feel as Kris fed from him. 
Lucky Childe, to be so young again.  To be able to live again in that continual
glow of blood lust.  He had to finally take pity of this infant's father, and
let her feed from him.  She had fed from Jessy so often that night, that as fast
as he could gain his strength, she was latched on his throat again.  And as of
rising, tonight, he had decreed that none but her family would feed her.  The
mortals complained at the loss of her attentions for a while, but Jessy had been
firm.
	It was like a, never, ending need.  No matter how often she fed, she never
felt full.  She was always hungry.  "Damn, I don't remember it being like this." 
She lay over Anise.
	"It will settle down soon enough, Childe.  The first night is always the
hardest.  That was another reason why we came, to see that your father could
finally be just that, and so that you wouldn't risk hurting him or yourself with
your hunger this first night.  Marcus was, much, older than Jessy is.  So his
blood was more powerful, enabled you to come through that first night much
easier than this."  He pulled her head back up against his throat.  "Go on,
Childe.  Your fathers 'pets', they have seen to me, I am fine for now.  And if
you take too much from me, I am sure that by the time I need more, one of them
will have recovered enough to take care of my hunger.  Feed Childe," he stroked
her hair as she drank.  "Just feed."
		*	*	*
	"Janis, my girl, have you seen what this boy of your sons can do?"  Ramaine
squeezed Ryan.
	"Other than make you smile, cousin, no.  I haven't gotten to know my sons
herd as well as you have.  This is the first time I have visited him since he
moved here."
	"Best you not let that infant hear you calling them that.  She whined at me
that though she would never dream of telling me how I was to relate to my boys,
her father and she don't refer to their pets as a herd."
	Janis just laughed.  "Okay, then, let me rephrase that, I don't know my sons
'toys' as well as some here."
	"Well, take a moment and look at the painting that is displayed over the
fireplace.  Your sons little painter created it.  The lovely tattoo that they
all wear so proudly, his work as well."
	Janis looked from the painting to the boy that rested against Ramaine. 
"Goodness, Jessy is just full of all kinds of little surprises with his bunch
isn't he."
		*	*	*
	The following evening, had Anise leaving with Asha, Janis made a long winded
speech at both Jessy and Kris about how he would have to be even more vigilant
with her than he had been her first time through.  Back then she had been just
his cousin, an orphan that she had placed in his care.  Now she was his full
Childe, and that implied all sorts of added responsibilities.  They had finally
left, so that Ramaine could drive them to the airport.
	"They will be back soon enough.  You are even more of a distraction now,
than you were back this time last year."  Jessy pulled her close against him. 
"Back then, you might have been the youngest, but as an orphan, they respected
your separateness.  But now, You are Janis's GrandChilde.  She is going to
practically move in here.  Bet money that before the year is out, she is going
to live close to us."
	"Great.  I didn't know that when you did what you did, and made me your
Childe, I was going to inherit that many relatives."
	"Baby, so far you haven't met any of my older brothers or sisters.  Or any
of my aunts and uncles, trust, me.  You have just met the very tip of the
iceberg when it comes to family.
	"Well, at least with her close, you can get her to baby sit every now and
then, and we can chase Darlin around the house."  She stretched.  "You do know
that Ramaine is going to be a pest from this point on.  He just adores our pet. 
And puck is no help at all.  Keeps throwing himself at the guy."
	"Well, I wanted to begin to show off how we keep them, how better than to
have them charm everyone of our people that come to visit us.  I think, if, puck
knew exactly just how attracted he was to boys, he would be just a little less
friendly.  That boy of ours, likes his women too much to ever be happy with only
a man."
	"Not even one that strokes his ego as much as Ramaine does?  He got to see
some work that not even we have had a chance to look at yet.  You know how puck
is when it comes to showing off his stuff.  He hates when he has to let anyone
see anything that he hasn't finished.  But he was deep in discussion with him
about what he wanted to do to finish more than one piece."
	"Sounds like I'm going to have to have words with him again, about us being
the first one to see anything he did.  He is ours, and by the gods, so is his
work.  I have to be even more picky with them now that everyone has their eyes
on us, waiting for me to fall on my face."
	Kris sat up, reaching to lay a hand on his arm.  "Jessy, Father, don't.  You
aren't doing anything wrong; they all are perfect in their own way.  The rest
don't like what they, see then they will just have to, figure out, a better way
than the one we have to deal with their feeders.  Personally, I can't think of a
better way than ours, but then again, I'm not near as old as anyone of them. 
They might have a better idea."
	"So, Jessy, is she free to feed as she wills again, or do you still have her
latched to you?"  Mitch threw himself down beside them.
	"Be nice, kid.  You have all the nights you could possibly hope for with
her.  But she might have been made twice so far, but I have never even hoped to
have the chance I have with her.  Be patient.  Soon enough she'll be feeding off
of, you all.  Let me have just a few more weeks with her.  She shouldn't be as
bad off as she is right now, for long.  Let me walk her though it, and make sure
she is a little more connected to me before I start letting her feed from all of
you."  He pulled Kris's head back to his throat.  "Just a little while longer
baby.  Soon, I promise, soon."




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 18

	Kris held Mitch to her as they made love.  *Please, Father, is it okay now?
*  It had been almost two months since Jessy had taken her as his true Childe,
two long and frustrating months. 
	Jessy looked at her, reaching out to see how she felt.  *Okay, baby.  I'll
keep watch. *  The main reason he hadn't let her feed from any of them yet, was
she had been so proud of herself.  And he didn't want any weakness now, to hurt
her.  But she felt pretty much in control.  He doubted if he would have to step
in, and if he did, it wouldn't be any more than to nudge her.
	Mitch almost lost consciousness as Kris bit him.  It had been so long, and
the feeling of finally giving himself to her, only make the time apart that,
much, more painful.  'Don't stop, please baby.  Don't stop'.  Now like this, he
would give her anything, because now like this, he could finally know how deeply
he loved her
	She growled low in her chest, crushing him to her as she twisted to pin him
to the bed.  Her mouth brutally devoured his as nails scratched up his chest,
fingers catching in his nipple rings, tugging sharply.  "God, I've missed this." 
She pulled up to sit straddled on Mitch. 
	Over the past year, she had begun to be much more responsive to her lovers
drives.  Like they did with pet, precious, angel, even puck and sweety, they had
to do for butch as well.  And be willing to respond to his needs.  He had given
himself to them, freely, or as freely as any mortal can be once bound.  And in
turning himself over to them as completely as he did, he was a constant reminder
of their duty by him.  If he could give them so much, he deserved nothing less. 
Jessy had explained it to her once, maybe, twice, but no more.  She went out of
her way to see to it that she followed his lead in everything they did.
	Jessy leaned against her, biting at her shoulder.  "Roll back over, baby,
let's share this."
	'Oh, God, oh God, oh God'.  Mitch cried out as he was pinned between both
Kris who lay under him and Jessy, who pushed him down against her.
	*Do you want this, Butch? *  Jessy ran his hands down Mitch's back,
caressing him.
	He couldn't speak, couldn't think.  Deep in his heart, he so wanted to
answer, but he just couldn't form the words to tell him how much he did.
	Jessy's mind reached out to touch Kris's.  *Be with me, baby.  Let's take
him together. *
	Mitch saw white, as Kris thrust up against him, as he felt smooth, slick,
fingers beginning to work their way in him, thrusting down, pushing him against
the body under him that rose to pin him, there, frozen.
	Jessy was slow, as he firmly, but oh so gently, worked his fingers, one at a
time, until it was his hand in him.  Making soothing noises at Mitch's whimper
of pain.  He eased his fingers into a fist to begin to make love to him with it. 
"That's it, baby boy."  He thrust, teasingly light.  Listening to the whimper
like moans that slipped past Mitch's clinched jaw.  "Damn, but you are so
pretty."  *Now, * his mouth lowered, even as Kris's head lifted to the other
side of Mitch's throat, fangs sinking home.
	Mitch screamed his orgasm as the mutual feel of both vampires locking on to
him, the hips under him, grinding up against his, as the fist embedded in him,
thrust forward hard, several times.  Taking his ability to do anything, but cry. 
And when it left him, just to be replaced with Jessy's erection, he came again,
sobbing. 
	It was just so, there were not words for what it felt like.  Even after they
pulled away from feasting on him together, and he lay between them as they made
love.  The feelings were still, so indescribable, that Mitch could do nothing
more than hold on, crying., as he felt nails claw his back, the pull at his
nipples as Jessy reached and yanking them, only added to the feeling he was lost
in.
		*	*	*
	Kris tried to sooth him, as Jessy pulled away to clean up.  "What's wrong
Butch, we didn't hurt you, too much, did we?  I'm sorry baby, but you just have
no idea what you are like when you get to that point with us."
	Mitch lifted his head, to look down into her eyes.  "Yes, honey, you hurt
me."  He smiled a bit wickedly.  "But God, it was so good."  He snickered as he
ground his hips that were still locked with hers.  "You always make it just so
damn good."
	"If they all are going to react like you, I'm going to have to start making
it a habit of sharing my meal with Kris."  Jessy threw himself down with them
both.
	"I don't know Jessy, Father; Mitch doesn't count, of all of them here he is
the only one, other than you, that I really would die for.  But as for the
others, I just don't know, maybe, if you are with me I can do it.   You have no
idea, how much I want to start eating off the same plate, as it were."  She
watched as Mitch went into Jessy's arms. 
	"I know I've lost a lot of blood tonight, so far."  Mitch began as Jessy
reached for the, ever present, pitcher on the nightstand.  "But, how long before
I can do that again?"
	"Give your body a few hours to replace what you have lost, boy.  I won't let
you be weakened."  He took the empty glass from Mitch.  "Especially not knowing
how much you can take."  He pressed Mitch back on the bed under him.  "And here
I thought Angel was special in his tastes."  He clawed up Mitch's thigh.  "I
have never tested any of my boys like I just tested you.  Do try to refrain from
bragging to them too much.  Or I will end up having to punish them for their
attitude.  Because, they all will want to, add that, to our play.  Most
assuredly angel, more than pet or precious; puck with as much as he likes it
real, would only cry and beg off.  And Sweety, oh my, she is going to go nuts
trying to decide if she is up to it or not.  But puck is going to be the one
that will take me the longest to lead him to this point.  But, he has all the
time in the world with me, so eventually."
	Mitch reached up and pulled back the hair, which had grown long in the last
year, to expose his throat.  "Master."
	Jessy didn't want to risk him, but he had, no, more control with Mitch's
complete submission, than he had, had, with Randy's.  The blood filled his mouth
as the boy's heart filled his soul.
	'That clinches it '.  Kris reached for the nightstand on her side of the
bed, for the knife she knew was there.  With as much as they both had fed from
Mitch, Jessy was going to have to feed him.  She knew her father, husband, mate
and friend well enough to know he would never risk Mitch.  "Here you go, baby." 
She held the knife to Jessy.  "He's been fed from four times in the last hour. 
I'm stunned he hasn't passed out yet."
	Jessy growled playfully taking the knife.  "You know, Butch, there are times
my girl forgets just who the parent is in this relationship."
	"Well then 'Father', if you are so much the adult and I the Childe, trying
behaving like one, without bitching.  I only commented because I know you.  I
knew what you would want, and got it, before you had to ask."  Kris snapped. 
"Yes, Jessy, I've only been your Childe by blood for just a couple of months,
but I've been your Childe, in my heart, since the moment I met you.  I know you
well enough to know that you would rather cut off your hand than hurt any of
them."
	"I do believe, Master, you're busted."  Mitch laughed.  He had done it.  Had
finally found someone that he could really and truly belong to.  A permanent
link to everything he held dear.
	"Sheath your claws, woman, I was only teasing."
	Kris hissed at him, laughing.  "You didn't say that earlier. When I had them
at your back."
	"I can deal with battle marks on my back, clawing up my face is where I draw
the line."  He pressed the knife against the side of his neck, cutting deep into
the jugular beneath.  "Drink, Butch, Kris is right, you don't have that much
blood to spare.  I will not have you placed in danger"
		*	*	*
	The house was quiet around them.  Everyone was at peace.  Ryan had been
fussed at, and had promised to never forget whom he was to answer to first, ever
again.  Then spent the next hour, trying to go out of his way to make it up to
both Jessy and Kris.  Fran had worried about her son and the interest Janis had
taken in him, and mused over it continuously, until Jessy had to take her and go
out of his way to make her understand, that Nick would never be put in danger. 
That he could, and, would protect both the infant and his mother.
	Mitch hadn't had to brag, the fact that it took him longer to sit down, and
more than just one wince, was all the bragging he needed to do.  By the time his
three, were finished pumping Mitch for the dirt.  His boys reacted just like he
knew he would.  Both Randy and Alex were at him.  Bobby was in the floor,
begging, and Ryan had pulled away, shocked.
	"What did I tell you, Butch."  Jessy shook his head, chuckling.
	Ryan reached for Kris.  "Please, Kris, M'lady, don't ask me to do that.  He
can fuck me anytime he wants, it doesn't hurt, feels good.  But that, please, I
know you are mad at me, but don't do that.  Beat me if you feel I need to be
beat, but please, not that."
	Kris hushed him, holding him close.  "Jessy won't do that to you, at least
not yet.  Eventually maybe, if you end up as much his as they are, but not yet. 
And honey, you haven't been 'fucked' since we took you in.  Even when we didn't
love you like we do now, we still always made 'love to you'."
	"Why don't you bring your sketchbook and come on down with us to the
playroom.  After seeing some of those sketches that you had been hiding from me,
I am beginning to thing that you like to draw us when we are playing most of
all."  Jessy looked to Mitch.  "This is the first time you have been included in
our play, love.  You still think you are up to it?"
	"I've been wanting to have you make me scream since you and Kris put the
thing in and I have had to listen to Randy Alex and Bob make all kinds of noise. 
Yes, I'm still up to it."
	"Baby," Jessy turned to look at Tracy.  "I know you have been wishing to
take your friend down and see what the two of you can do there, do you think
bright eyes is up to it?"
	"Say 'yes' Mistress.  Please, I've been wanting to be able to forgo the gag
for weeks now, but with our master's son sleeping just a couple of rooms away, I
haven't dared."  Sam was on his knees at her side.
	Jessy frowned at him.  "Baby, I understand that the two of you are much
closer than I had first thought you would be.  But."  His tone became firm. 
"Kris is your mistress.  I don't want to hear you have him call you that, other
than when the two of you are being just that together.  He might respond to you
as a slave, but he is 'my' slave, as you are.  Don't forget that, ever again."
	"Yes, Master."  Tracy hadn't realized when she and Sam had begun to explore
all that they were feeling for each other, that it might cause problems.  "I'm
sorry."
	Jessy held out his hand to her.  "I am not angry with you, this time, nor
will I fuss at the boy.  He has chosen this path for himself, and I am more than
willing to allow it.  But remember Baby, if I have to take exception to his
behavior again, it will be you I will punish, and not him.  So best you get him
in line."
	Tracy was floored.  Her master just didn't behave like this.  He never
raised his voice, didn't even make a habit of fussing at them and outside of
Jake and Mitch, had never punished any of them.  But now . . .  "Yes, Master."
	Sam practically fell at Jessy's feet, where he was holding Tracy.  "Don't,
Master, please.  Baby and I, we have an understanding between us.  Don't hurt
her, I didn't mean to make you mad.  I won't do it anymore, I promise."
	Jessy cupped his chin, smiling.  "Don't be afraid, Bright Eyes.  I
understand, just see to it that the only one you call mistress, when you are not
alone with her, or either in the play room or out of the house, is Kris.  You
can do that for me, can't you?"
	Kris watched on, as she sat, holding Ryan.  She had noticed over the last
few months that her father was changing.  And she wasn't sure if she liked it or
not.  "Don't worry Puck, I don't think Jessy is as irritated at baby and her
thing with bright eyes as he is carrying on.  Probably just nipping the problem
in the bud.  I still don't think if she doesn't hurt him, he will really punish
her."  *Father, I've never seen you like this.  What's the problem?  I don't
care if baby's boy there calls her mistress or not.  *
	*Well I do love.  I have worked too hard for the last year to get them to
the point that they are at right now.  I will not let that be threatened.  Sorry
beloved, but I guess I have to grow up sometime. *
	*Just do me a favor, don't get all prim and proper on me all at once.  I
like you just the way you are. *
	Jessy pushed Tracy off his lap, standing.  "Shall we go and play, Baby, or
have I upset you too much?"
	Tracy breathed a sigh of relief.  "I'm all for it Master, Sam has been
nagging me since we moved in to talk you into letting us play in it.  Let me go
and get some things for him.  You are being good enough to let us play in it, I
won't ask to borrow your things."
		*	*	*
	Jessy wondered to himself, as he tied, Bobby over the edge of the bed, if
maybe, being a vampire might indeed make one just a bit of a sadist.  Over
twenty years and it took an orphaned Childe to make him begin to explore his own
nature.  He had never realized how good it sounded to hear one of those that you
owned, beg.  But now, he was even more intent on what he was feeling, than ever
before.  "I've been wanting to do this with you, since you finally came back to
yourself, and still gave yourself to me."  They all were so sweet, so pretty. 
He could have kicked himself for not giving in before he had.  Well, no matter,
they all seemed to be happy now.  Randy had never brought up the fact that it
took having to share him with another, to begin to finally have him open up to
them all.  "Cry for me, Angel mine."  He stoked the trembling cheeks under him
hand just one more time before bringing it down against the exposed flesh with a
resounding crack.  "Cry."

	Ryan watched on, his sketch pencil flying over the paper.  Trying hard to
ignore the sounds of Bobby's cried as Jessy fisted him.  The pleas and the sobs,
how anyone could want what his friend so obviously did, was beyond him.  The
knowledge that, one day, he would be expected to give this to his master as well
worried him.  Oh he liked when a man, really, and completely, took him.  Just
like he liked when he was with one of his friends, the ability, to, really and
completely take them as well.  But the thought of anyone, with, their fist, up
him like Jessy's was with Bobby, scared him white.  The look of utter suffering
on Bobby's face did more that just, frighten him.
		*	*	*
	"Do I really look that bad?"  Bobby laughed over Ryan's shoulder.  "Damn,
but I look like I'm dying."
	"You're getting horrible, Puck.  Is the only pictures you know how to make
anymore is of one of us making love?"  Kris shook her head.
	"I draw what I see, M'lady.  It's not my fault that, that, is pretty much
all I see anymore.  That and Nicky trying to crawl around on the floor.  But
there are only so many different ways I can sketch him crawling.  Every time I
turn around, you and master, have come up with a new way to love us.  Now, this
new one, You really did look like he was killing you Angel.  I know you were
probably having the time of your life, you and butch are strange that way, but
you acted like you were being tortured."
	"Well, if that was torture, man, put me on the rack."  Randy leaned down and
kissed him.  "So, you and Kris going to come and join the play?"
	"Play, yes, I have to still be ultra careful when I feed from one of you, so
we can't mix activities for a while, but play, baby, if I were a guy, I would
have the worlds worst care of 'blue balls'."
	*Childe, I can do more than one thing at a time.  It's been years since I
wasn't able to control myself with them.  That is all I do.  Don't worry, join
in, have fun.  I will always be here for you. *  Jessy reached out and gathered
Ryan in his arms.  "Are you hungry, baby?"  He shushed the boy in his arms. 
"You are worrying, about nothing, Puck.  I wouldn't, ever, push you like that,
unless I knew you wanted it.  And you are far from that point as of yet."  Then
he looked back to Kris.  "I meant what I said, baby, if you are hungry, I can
and will help to see that you don't push your limits."
	"When am I not hungry?"  She winked at him.  "I had just finally got to the
point that I wasn't going from one right after the other, and then you killed me
again, and it started all over."  She touched Ryan's arm.  "Do you think you can
keep me in line?"  Ryan moaned softly as Kris pushed him back into Jessy's arms. 
"I really loved sharing butch with you.  Why not the rest?"  She cupped Ryan's
face in her hands.  "Starting with this one."

	"Lucky are we, Kris and Jessy can't feed from us together as long as they do
alone."  Mitch commented to Randy.
	"Lucky?"  Randy just laughed.  "Just how can you see, a shorter time spent
in what we both know is paradise, as being, luck?"
	"Because, it is so much less, about half.  They both will have to feed more. 
And by the time their hunger is sated, it will be beginning, for Kris at any
rate, to be building again."  Mitch faced him, a look of disgust on his face, as
he took the time to explain to Randy, what was so very obvious to him.  "Why is
it we end up hooking up with each other so often?  The more they have to feed,
the longer we will be with them.  And though true, it, is a shorter time, but in
the long-term."
	"He's never explained to me, just why, we spend so much time, wanting him,
this."  Alex rested against Bobby.
	"It's something in their bite.  A drug, or something that has this, I don't
know, this power, it gives us this incredible need to 'fuck'.  Jessy would fuss,
and Kris would back him up, that they are making 'love' to us, but we're all men
here, their bite, their blood, it just calls up this purely instinctive and
solely physical drive to 'fuck'."  He squeezed Mitch, "okay, so, what you are
telling me, in graphic glee, is we are going to be able to literally bathe them
in our blood?  And do so safely?"
	"How many times a night, do they feed already, well if you double that,
Their still enough of us, to see to it that, with as fast as we can replace the
blood in our bodies now, that none of us are put in risk."  Mitch agreed. 
"Trust me, sugar, I might have been going to school to pass the bar, but, my
dad, was a doctor."
	"I don't have to trust you, Butch, I know Jessy."  Randy snapped at him. 
"Do you honestly think he just woke up one day and knew all that he does?  When
it comes to the connection his blood has with us, he has been very careful. 
When I first came here, and we were beginning to work things out together.  He
didn't know squat about taking care of mortals.  Remember that he came from a
time where in one night, he went from killer, to invisible.  And then, Janis
brought me home.  And we might think he's old.  But compared to some of the
others, he is as much an infant as Kris is.  So he probably went a little
overboard on taking care of me, but he did.  I know that, if it is possible, he
will love it.  I also know that if he believed I wanted to do it, he will let
me.  But if he doesn't think it is safe, then he will say so."
	Bobby just laughed.  "Don't get your pantyhose in a knot, girlfriend. 
Remember, for most of his life, butch, has been just a poor little straight boy. 
He wasn't ragging your man."  He looked at Mitch.  "Best you remember, Butch old
boy, never, do you hear me 'never', let His 'Bitch' hear you bad mouth, or
slight his man again."
	"Hey, now," Mitch was quick to defend himself.  "I wasn't taking any shots
at him, get real.  I was only explaining, how come I know so damn much."
	"I know that, Butch."  Randy hugged him.  "And, you," he turned to look at
Bobby with a pout.  "Don't call me his 'Bitch' again.  Yes, I am his, hell son,
we all are.  But no one other than Kris can get away with claiming to be his
'Bitch'."  He smiled as he watched Jessy and Kris, tag-team Ryan.  "Yes, I was
his first, but believe me, I don't quite mean as much to him, as she does.  I'm
just one of the many mortals they keep here, but she is his Childe.  And they
both had already connected as much as two of their kind can connect, before he
killed her again, and made her his."
		*	*	*
	They didn't stop with Ryan, but went next, first through Randy, Alex, Bobby,
Tracy, Sam who was pulled from their play together, and back to Mitch.  Before
they could pull away.  Jessy didn't realize just how much Kris would have to,
now that they were sharing their pets, feed.  "I think it is time, we made it
back upstairs."  Jessy smiled at Kris.  "Unless of course, you're not full?"
	"Full, me?  Father, I wouldn't care if I was full, I didn't realize how they
would affect me, when they give themselves to both of us, at the same time.  I
think I could do this, all the time, for the next umpteen years, and not think
it old hat."  She stretched.  "But before I make it back upstairs, I think I
need a shower.  I'm sweaty, there is blood all over me, and you look no better."
		*	*	*
	The shower was hot, and it felt so good, as Kris leaned back, against Jessy
as the hot water, washed the sweat and blood from her skin.  "You know
something, Jessy?"  She began to rub a soap-laden sponge over his skin, helping
the water to dispatch with the last traces of their feeding.
	"No, what pretty girl.  Other than you are probably hungry again."
	She just laughed at him.  "I love you."
	He took a playful swipe at her, smacking her backside.  "What, you are just
now, coming to that decision?  Honey, I've loved you since that first night. 
And all I do is keep loving you more and more as the days go by."  She was so
willing to go into his arms, her mouth responsive as he kissed her, deep, slow,
and almost as wet as the water that showered down on them.
		*	*	*
	Brenda took the baby from Fran, poor girl, Nicky was in one of his moods
tonight.  The baby had cried for the last two hours, without taking a break. 
"Poor tike."  She bounced him gently, trying to calm the child, but there was
nothing that she did that Fran and Jake hadn't been doing for the last two
hours, would calm him.  "I don't know, Franny, looks like, you might have to
bother master again, to get him to talk to Nick.  Cause, the kid just ain't
chilling."  *Ma'am, if Franny brings Nicky down, she isn't going to be
interrupting anything, is she? *
	*No, she won't have to come down, Just as soon as Jessy and I get dried off,
we'll be up there anyway. *  Kris responded at once.  *Tell her to relax.  The
more upset she gets, the more the baby is going to cry. *
	"Kris, says that they will be up soon enough.  And says for you to relax. 
The more upset you get, the more upset he is going to be."  She handed Nicky
back to his mother.
		*	*	*
	"Gods, but that little man can make a lot of noise."  Jessy followed by Kris
came into the room.  "Kris says he's been crying for hours."
	"He started almost the minute you and she took the guys and went downstairs
to play."  Fran handed Jessy his son. 
	Jessy handled the baby with practiced ease.  Over the last four months since
he had first taken Nicholas and his mother into his home, he had gotten rather
used to soothing his temperamental son.  "Here now, Nicky, what is wrong?  Why
are you making all this noise?"
	And like every other time, the moment Jessy had his hands on the Nicky, the
baby settled down and just looked up at him with big, dark, blue eyes.  "You're
making your mommy crazed, boy."  Jessy looked to Fran.  "Why don't you go lay
down somewhere, honey, I think I can take this shift with him.  You'll be up all
day with him in the morning.  Go get some rest."  Then he turned to Jake.  "Take
her and put her to bed for a while, Boy, and keep her there, even if you have to
give her something to do.  I'm up, I've fed enough to make sure that I won't be
hungry again for a while, and Kris is, almost, control wise where she was before
I made her mine."
	"Yes, Master."  Jake took Fran's hand.  "Come on Darlin, he's got Nicky, you
won't have to worry about him for a while.  Let's go and find a bed and hit it."
	Mitch watched as Jessy moved to a chair with the baby.  "I don't get it." 
He muttered.  "Nicky has been inconsolable for hours, and all you have to do it
touch him."
	*Yes, well, I can do something that not even his mother can do. *  Jessy's
amused thoughts touched him.  *Remember that he is a mortal child.  His mind is
easy to control.  All I have to do is think soothing thoughts at him, and it
seems to do the trick. *  He sat there, rocking the baby, humming softly.  "He
knows I love him, he might not know much else, but he knows, I love him."
		*	*	*
	Fran sat on the edge of her bed.  Worried about Nicky.  "What's wrong with
him, Jake?  He doesn't usually get like he was tonight.  He's usually such a
good baby."
	Jake shrugged.  "I remember my mother telling a friend of hers who had the
same problem with her baby, that sometimes, there is no reason why they cry,
other than to exercise their lungs.  He wasn't wet, I know he wasn't hungry, I
tried to feed him, he wasn't sick, so I suppose he just wanted his daddy.  You
did notice how quick he stopped when our master took hold of him?"  He sat, down
beside, her, reaching to pull her blouse off.  "You need to lie back, I'm going
to keep you in this bed, even if I have to tie you to it."  He lifted her chin,
nibbling at her bottom lip.  "You don't want to get me in trouble again, do
you?"
	She just giggled at him, arms lifting to encircle his shoulders as she
returned his kiss.  "No, that would be a bad thing."
	Jake knew, as they helped each other pull their clothes off, that she wasn't
here because of him, but it didn't matter.  After making it back to himself, he
had discovered that his usual bed mate, had taken another, and Sally just wasn't
interested in spending any great deal of time with him anymore, but that was
okay.  He liked Mike well enough, and she deserved to be happy.  God knows he
had made her life hell for long enough.  So he didn't say anything when he had
made an overture to her, and had been flatly blown off.  Then Fran and Nicky had
been brought into the house, and she didn't know anything of his past, didn't
know how much of an asshole he used to be.  And he had fallen in love with her
that first night, when he had to come up with something to occupy her time while
Randy and Patty took Mitch and went to go shopping for the baby.  And she had
been just as ready to share her time with him, as he was, her.  When they
weren't either asleep, dealing with Nicky, or with Jessy and Kris, they tended
to be together.
	He moaned low in his chest as Fran teased him with her mouth.  "Damn, baby." 
He still found the feeling she gave him, every time she blew him, to be toe
curling good.  "Come here, girl."  He pulled her up against him, mouth locking
on hers as he twisted to lay over her. 
	Fran gasped softly as he legs lifted over Jake's hips, to ease the entry. 
Before coming here, sex had always just been something she did to make money,
but now, ever since Jessy had taken her and her baby into his house, it was
always wonderful.  Back, before coming here, orgasms were a non existing
occurrence with her, but now, it didn't matter how many times she came,
sometimes screaming, everything that anyone did with her or too her just made
her that much more orgasmic.  "Come on, honey, make it hard."  She bit at Jake's
shoulder as he began to move with her, riding through the pleasure they were
sharing. 
	Jake half moaned, half growled at the feel of her teeth against his skin. 
"Hard, I'll make it hard for you, baby."  He tangled his fingers in her hair as
he began to move in her with almost painful movements.  Holding her head in his
hands, his elbows resting on the bed, he began to make love to her the only way
she ever wanted it.  He tried to make her cry out, make her beg for more. 
Knowing that if he could get her to that point, it would be his undoing as
surely as it was hers.
	"Oh, oh, oh god."  Her voice rose as her orgasm built from the bottom of her
womb to roll over her.  "Yes, oh yes!"  She pulled his head to hers as she came. 
Letting him silence her cries with his lips.  Giving her whole being to, him,
like she gave herself to no one but Jessy, totally, completely and gladly.




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 19

	"Jessy, come here."  Fran was grinning from ear to ear.  "I know it's early
for you, but you need to come take a look at Nicky."
	Jessy was up out of the bed at once.  "What's wrong with him?"  All thoughts
of sleep, of rest, were gone.
	"Nothing, really, just come on.  He wants to see you."  She took his hand. 
"And no peeking."
	"What is wrong with Nicky?"  Jessy fussed as Fran led him up the stairs. 
	"Just you wait, Jess, he has something he wants to show you."  She led him
into the main room.  "Okay, Jake, let Nicky go."  She stood back smiling.
	Jake sat the child on the floor, on his feet.  "Dada," the little boy cried
at Jessy, as he began to toddle towards Jessy.  "Dada, dada, dada."  Little arms
raised demanding Jessy's attention.
	Jessy just laughed, lifting his son in the air.  "Good boy."  The boy was
just now about to turn six months old, and already he was walking.  "My, my, but
aren't you just a little prodigy.  Talking at five months, walking at six.  Good
to know that I'm not the only boy around here to surprise everyone."  He kissed
his son. 
	"I told them all, that you wouldn't get bent if I woke you for him.  He's
about the only reason, short of one of us being hurt, that you don't care if you
have to get up early."  Fran crossed her arms, looking incredibly smug.
	Jessy made a rather rude noise.  "Who was worried, love?  Like I would ever
be ill with Nick.  He can wake me at any time, day or night, he is my son."  He
bounced the giggling baby in his arms.  "Ain't that so, little man?  You know
you got your daddy wrapped around your little finger."  He had tried, for months
to impress the word 'Papa' on the baby.  But when Nick finally began to talk, he
discovered that no matter how much he had pushed for 'Papa', the rest, the ones
that were with his son during the day, had taught the boy the word 'Dada'.  And
he would not mess with his toddlers mind, or at least, not, over something so
trifling.  So he just changed gears and went from papa to dad or daddy.
	"I was a little worried that you wouldn't want to wake up quite this early,
Master."  Jake smiled.  "I'm glad to know I was wrong.  Nicky has been running
helter-skelter for the last three hours.  And well, Franny wanted to make sure
you got to see him mobile before he wore himself out."
	Jessy just laughed, turning to see Kris as she and Mitch made it up to the
room.  "Guess what?"
	"Nicky has started to walk."  She commented.  Then chuckled at Jessy's look
that was half shock, half-disappointed.  "Come on, Father, darlin woke you up,
saying it had to do with my little brother, I knew he wasn't sick. She didn't
come down freaking out like she did last time Nick had a fever. And he already
talks, so what else could it be?"
	'Father', she still was very strict about what she called him, and when. 
His Childe, not even a full year, she was going to be as bad about calling him
'father' as he was about calling Janis, 'mother.'  "You do realize don't you,
Father, that this is the first year that you are going to have to play Santa
Clause, for real.  He might have presents under the tree from the rest of us and
from you and his mother as well, but it just isn't the same as waking up
Christmas morn to presents from Santa Clause, under the tree."
	"Damn."   Jessy did a quick reminder in his head that he would have to
either send Randy and Patty out to buy the baby's Christmas, or have to sneak
out and do it himself, and do it quick.  Christmas was only a week away.  "I'm
sorry, little man, I just ain't used to having you in my life, as of yet.  Don't
worry, I'll call Santa Clause and make sure he knows that you live here."  He
kissed his son again.  Before handing him back to Fran.  "I'm sorry, Darlin,
time sometimes slips away from me.  I am not used to thinking of time in weeks,
months, or even years.  But with Nick here, I do suppose I need to start
learning how again.  Why don't you write down what you think he will like, and
if I can't slip out to the toy store, I will send pet and the gang out to do
it."  He watched as Nicky slipped from her grip to toddle to Jake.  "Come here,
you."  He held out his arms to Fran.  "I won't violate your privacy, so I don't
know what is on your mind.  So tell me, you've been almost depressed for days. 
What's the problem?"
	She shrugged her shoulders.  "It's nothing, Jessy."
	Jessy snorted.  "Best you know now, girl, I have been living with women for
the last hundred and forty plus years, off and on.  I know all about how much,
nothing, is.  Now, come on Darlin, please, tell me.  I don't claim you as one of
my many pets here because of Nick, so if I had to make you talk to me, do you
have any idea what my mother would do to me.  She respects my position with you,
and will see to it that I live up to my word.  So come on, baby, just talk to
me, and if you don't want to tell me, do you think with as close as you are to
sweety, you could tell her?"
	She looked down, not wanting to meet his gaze.  "Really, Jessy, it's
nothing."  There were tears in her eyes.
	Jessy reached out and lifted her chin.  "Nothing does not bring tears to you
eyes, Darlin.  Please, if you can't tell me, tell someone, soon.  I need to know
what is going on in your head and heart, for no other reason that to make sure
that you feel comfortable here.  You are my son's mother, the least I can do is
see to it that you, if not thrilled with your life here, at least are not like
you are right now."  He kissed her softly.  "Come on Darlin, talk to me."
	She just burst into tears.  "You won't understand, please Jessy, it's me, I
have to work this out for myself."  She felt his chest against her as he pulled
her into his arms.  "Please, Jessy, Master, let me work it out myself."
	Jessy took her shoulder, pushing her back so that he could look down into
her face.  "Damnit girl.  I am not your master.  I thought we took care of all
of that, back when you first came here."
	Fran pulled away from him, angrily.  "No, that's right, you don't want me,
all you wanted was my baby.  Don't you think I know that?  I see all the rest,
the ones you did want, they all got collars, and tattoo's, you gave them names,
you made a big show of how much you want and love them, but not me."  She just
stood there, looking at him so hurt, so angry.
	It hit Jessy, rather, hard.  He had never realized that in his attempt to
ease her into living here with him, to make her see that he valued her more than
he had any of the others, more than even Randy, who he loved as much as any of
his kind could love a mortal.  "I see."  He sighed.  "You are right, Darlin," he
held up a hand to stop her next comment.  "No, not in your belief that I don't
want you.  Of course I want you.  I want you, and love you, more than I could
ever tell you.  Almost as much as I want and love my own Childe.  But I don't
dare collar you, or mark you.  You, mortal or no, are my son's mother, I don't
think you, not being a man, will understand.  What having your mother as a
slave, because that is what the rest are to Kris and I, loved, cherished, and
wanted, but they are slaves.  I don't want to put Nick though that, through
growing up, knowing your father is your mother's master.  Later, once he grows
up more.  I will collar you, on Nicky's sixteenth birthday, when I will take him
as one of mine, I will take you as well.  But I don't dare do that before then. 
He has to finish growing up.  To reach manhood before I bond him to me.  Because
I don't know what my blood would do to him, I do know what it does to all the
other mortals we take as our feeders.  I am so afraid that it would see to it
that he would never grow up, would always be a baby.  I won't do that to him. 
But yes Fran, I want you, I love you, how could you ever think other wise?"  He
kissed her.  "And what do you think 'Darlin' is?  I named you the first night
you came to me."

	Kris moved past where Jessy was handling Fran, to where Jake, stood silently
watching.  "You've been practically living in her bed for as long as she's been
here, Boy, did you have a clue what was bothering her?"
	Jake shook his head, fighting his urge to fall to the floor and beg for
mercy.  "No, Mistress, this is the first I've heard of it.  I knew that she
sometimes wasn't as happy as the rest but, not, why.  Master isn't going to get
real upset with me, is he?  He won't decide to punish me like he did last time
will he?"  Kris hadn't even spoken to him more than once or twice since he was
punished, much less gotten this close to him.  The very fact that she was
talking to him, now, worried him.  "I swear, Mistress, I didn't know."
	"Boy," Kris blew the air out of her lungs between clinched teeth.  "Jessy
isn't going to be mad at anyone.  And I don't see him ever punishing one of you
like that, for anything less than what you did.  And, Boy, you've been punished,
it's over, no more."  She leaned up to kiss him.  "Why won't you just let it go? 
Jessy isn't the kind of man who holds grudges.  You were wrong, you were
punished for what you did, and Boy it's, over."  She kissed him lightly, once
more.  "Tell you what, why don't you and I go somewhere and talk about this
tendency you have to not believe us.  If you can still think, that is, after I
am finished with you.  I am starved."
	Jake looked down at her, a look of incredibility on his face.  "You're going
to feed on me?  I don't understand, Mistress, you haven't so much as looked at
me since you helped master to punish me."
	Kris shrugged.  "Yes, well, Jessy and I talked about you a few nights back. 
He reminded me that you had been punished, and it was over.  And our
unwillingness to look at you just kept up the air of displeasure, and you
haven't done anything in over a year to be unhappy with.  So yeah, if you feel
up to it, I'm starving."  She watched as he looked at Fran, a bit of a worried
look on his face.  "Darlin is going to be fine.  Good God, Jake, he hasn't hurt
her yet, he won't ever hurt her.  Chill out, why don't you?"
	Jake just shook his head, laughing softly to himself.  "Yeah, I know that,
Mistress, it's just, I keep waiting for my luck to run out."  He took her hand
and let her lead him to the bed against the wall.  "You just planning on feeding
from me Mistress, or?"  He didn't finish the question. 
	"Ssshh," Kris pushed him back on the bed.  *Jessy, you busy with Darlin
right now? *  Of all their 'pets' Fran was the only one that she never referred
to as anything but the name Jessy had given her.  Because, she, was such a,
darlin.   Of all of them, she was the closest that came to sharing her place in
his heart with.  Not even Randy, who, she knew he loved so much, meant more to
him.
	*No, not really.  Just had to correct her, on what she means to me.  She's
run off chasing Nick, why? *
	*Your boy needs you.  He is still way too jumpy.  Was worried that you
wouldn't believe him when he said he didn't know about Darlin's problem.  Afraid
that you were going to punish him like you did last time.  I don't think we'll
ever have any problems out of him, again.  I'm hungry, and I'm sure you could
use a bite.  So what say we share him? *
	Jessy nodded coming to sit on the bed beside Kris and Jake.  "What is this
Kris is telling me, love, you're still afraid of me?"  He lay a hand on Jake's
shoulder.  "Boy, surely you know me well enough to know, if I still thought you
needed to be punished, you would be."
	Jake jumped at the feel of Jessy's hand on his shoulder.  "I'm sorry,
Master, I won't mention it again."
	*It's been over a year since he was punished, what brought this on? *  Jessy
began to rub Jake's shoulders lightly, humming softly.
	*I don't think he feels like he has been really forgive.  Like I said, he
was worried that you wouldn't believe him when he told you he didn't know what
Fran's problem was.  I think when you punished him last.  You left a
never-ending impression on him.  He's terrified of you, and since I'm your
Childe, me too. *
	"Well, unlike Darlin, who I couldn't make talk to me.  I don't have that
problem with my boy here.  Tell me, love, what is wrong?  You are trembling. 
You still think I am looking for the slightest excuse to send you back into that
hell?"
	Jake took a deep breath.  He would have to talk now.  Jessy was right, he
couldn't make Fran talk unless she wanted to, but him, Jessy could force the
issue with.  "I still can't believe you forgave me for what I did, Master.  I
was such a dick, how could you ever give me back what you took from me?  You
wanted to make sure that I appreciated my place here, and my mind.  I can't tell
you how much I do.  I still wake up, sometimes, in the middle of the day in a
cold sweat.  I remember what it was like.  Not being able to control myself, the
pain, god the pain.  And knowing, really knowing, deep down in my soul type of
knowing that I deserved everything that was done to me.  And the thought of
having to ever do that again, Master, I'm sorry, but it just unmans me.  Makes
me want to throw myself at you feet and beg every time I see you."
	Jessy captured his face in his hands, making the younger man look at him,
catching his eyes.  *You hear me Boy? * Jake nodded, or tried to.  *Good, then
you know that I can't lie to you like this.  You are afraid of me.  But you
don't need to be.  As long as you never hit anyone else, I will never send you
back into that hell I created for you.  I promise, trust me.  Now Kris asked me
if I wanted to share you with her.  Do you think that is something you could
live with, or should I just pull back and let the two of you be? *  He kissed
him softly, teasingly.
	Jake moaned, "Master, you haven't done anything more than share you blood
with me in a long time.  Yes, you, her, you know that, but are you going to send
me away after you feed?"  He responded to the kisses and fingers as the two
vampires began to undress him.  "Please, a man hasn't, not since."  How could
he, who got into this mess he was in by deciding that just because a guy was
gay, that he was fair game, explain just how much he wanted to be taken,
completely and fully taken.
	"Damn, Jess, no wonder he is almost possessive of Darlin."  Kris finished
pulling his clothes from him.  "It's our fault, the others just follow our lead,
we haven't touched him, so they haven't either.  Well, that is going to change
tonight."  She caught his head between her hands.  "Isn't that so, pretty boy? 
You think you can rise to the occasion?"
	Jake didn't answer.  He was too intent on the feelings that both Kris and
Jessy were drawing up in him.  It had been so long, so many lonely nights before
Fran had entered his life, and after her it, was her, and only her, for so long. 
He had watched, many times, as those in his house shared themselves with Jessy
and Kris as well as with each other, but never him.
	*Can you hold on for just a minute more, beloved?  If my boy hasn't had a
man for that long, I am going to need to see to it that when I start to make
love to him as I feed, that it doesn't hurt near as much as it would if I took
him dry. *
	*Okay but hurry up I'm, starved.  And with as pathetic as Jake is right now,
I don't want to push him away. *
	Jessy pulled away, touching Jake's cheek.  "Hold that thought Boy, I need to
get lubricant.  You play with your mistress until I get back, and then you can
play with us both.  That sound good to you?"
	'It's finally going to end'.  Jake thought to himself as he nodded, turning
his attentions to Kris, who was ready to fill his arms, fingers touching,
caressing, teasing him so lightly.  "Good; God, Master, if it sounded any
better, I would probably go mad waiting."
	Kris just laughed, pushing him back on the bed.  "Go mad, yeah, I can make
you go mad.  Close you eyes, pretty boy, I am starved for more than just your
blood.  I think I am going to eat you alive."
	Jake gasped, more in surprise than, anything.  As he felt Kris's hands and
mouth begin, to, familiarize themselves with his body.  'She's, oh god, she's',
he couldn't believe what was happening as he felt Kris work her way down his
body.  "Jesus," he moaned as a cool wet velvety mouth captured him in its
delightful vise.
	Kris pulled back smiling up at him.  "Is, if I remember correctly, one of
the many gods of celibacy."  Jessy sat beside him, tube in hand.  "And I really
don't think he wants to hear you invoke him, not at this present moment."
	Kris lost it, just rested against Jake and began to laugh.
	Jessy lay beside him, reaching to stroke Kris's hair.  "Did I interrupt
something?  I'm sorry, I thought with as hungry as you are that it would be
better if I hurried back.  But it would seem that you are feeding already."  He
captured Jake's chin, lifting his face to meet his.  "Don't stop on account of
me, Childe, finish what you were doing by all means."
	
	"Looks like Jake is back on their good side again."  Bobby commented to
Alex.  "That's good.  Been meaning to pin that boy down for weeks, but Randy
made it clear that until either master or mistress welcomed him back into the
fold, it wouldn't be a good idea.  What the hell did the guy do?"
	"You remember what you were like when you first came here?"  Alex, watched,
as Jessy and Kris both, began to make Jake cry out in pleasure.
	"Yeah, didn't know who I was, or what was going on, was the village idiot
for a while."
	"Well, Jake, he took verbal digs at both Mitch and I while we were like
that.  What's worse, he used to be Sally's man, and he liked to hit her whenever
he got mad.  Master and ma'am finally had enough of him and locked him away in
his mind for months.  He wasn't forgiven until the night you came here.  I
guess.  He wasn't completely forgiven.  For the last year, the only one that has
wanted anything to do with him was Franny.  He's been with her exclusively for
the last four months, and she could get away with that because master can't
order her around."
	Bobby nodded.  "Well, it would appear that master is going to see that he
isn't left out in the cold anymore."  He chuckled as Jake's voice hit a single
high note as both Jessy and Kris overwhelmed his senses with not only their
combined feeding from him, but trapping him bodily between them both.  "Unless,
of course, now that master has finally forgiven him, all the way, he doesn't
take it into his head to be stingy with the boy."
 		*	*	*
	Jake could barely breathe, let alone think, as he felt both Kris under him
and Jessy over him, both doing such wonderful things to him.  It had been so
long.  Sex was always best after he had been fed from, and the combined feeling
of being fed from, twice, at the same time.  "Please, Master."  He sobbed.  Make
me yours, I want to cry.  He had watched Jessy with the others, so often, both
curious and frightened of what he had saw.  But here, like this, he couldn't
think of any other way that he could tell his master, how grateful he was for
what he had here.
	Jessy didn't respond to Jake's plea, or at least not right away.  The boy
had always seemed so tight, but now, after so long, Jessy had lost his mind in
the sensations.
	Jake leaned back against his as he felt Jessy, making love to him.  It was
always so good.  Like this he believed that he had been forgiven, that he was
one of them and loved.  That as long as he never again, lost his temper with any
of those in his home, he would never be forced to be put aside again.  'I won't
do it, ever, again', he promised himself as he felt his orgasm building as he
lay between Jessy and Kris, giving himself, and his love to them both.

	Jessy lay close, feeling, all that both his boy and his Childe felt.  "Damn,
Boy, I forgot how tight you were.  You always were one that I would lose my shit
with.  And now," he looked over Jake.  "I didn't hurt you did, I, love?"
	Jake smiled, lifting up to offer his mouth to Jessy.  "Nah, Master, the pain
wasn't nothing.  If anything, it just made it better."
	Jessy chuckled.  "You don't say?  What is it about the lot of you?  Three of
my boys would have been mine, even if I didn't own you all like I do.  Bright
Eyes, has taken to slaver with baby, like a duck to water.  The only four of you
that aren't into mixing sex and pain are princess, little one, toy and my girl. 
And I'm not positive about little one."  He raked his nails up Jake's inner
thigh, listening to the young mortal man gasp, then moan.
	Jessy was amused.  Of all of them, Jake was really the last one, he ever saw
as being willing to lie under anyone, like he was right now.  But, he stopped
and thought about it.  If Bobby could, looking as sweet and gentle as he did own
his lover as well as he had, or Sam, who was so much bigger than Tracy, follow
her around like a lost puppy.  Then what is so shocking about Jake wanting to be
made to cry in his bed?  He chuckled, leaning down to kiss Jake's shoulder. 
"Hold on for a minute, Boy, let me go and clean up just a bit, and then we will
see if you are serious about finding that certain amounts of pain make it
better."  And he was up and pulling away.

	Jake lay with Kris, a kaleidoscope of feelings in him.  One second, excited,
the next, afraid, and then needy, and oh so many others.
	"You okay, sugar?"  Kris stroked his cheek as he lay over her, resting.
	"Yeah, Mistress, just thinking."  Jake looked down at her.  "Do you think, I
mean, is he really going too?"
	Kris just laughed at the half excited-lust filled look in his face, and the
half concern-worried one.  "Before I answer that, Boy, please, if you can't call
me Kris, do me a favor and just use ma'am.  I hated mistress and M'lady makes me
more nuts.  Luckily, puck is the only one, so far, to take it in his head to
call me that."
	Jake looked down, blushing.  "Yes Ma'am."
	Kris giggled.  "Thanks Boy.  I'm just blown away that I had to ask you to
stop calling me that.  You, of all of them, you're the last person I ever
thought I would have to ask to lighten up on the groveling."
	"I am the only one in his home that he's had to punish like he punished me,
Ma'am.  I would do anything to keep from going back."
	She reached out and lay a hand on his cheek, caressing it.  "Well, you
believe him, when he promised, as long as you never hit anyone else again, that
he would never send you back there, don't you?"
	Jake turned his face into her hand.  "I think so, Ma'am."  He finally broke
down, leaned against Kris.  He began to weep.  To hell with not looking like a
fool.  He had gotten used to looking like one  "I'm sorry."  He shoulders shook
as he lay against her.  "Please, I, I can't help it."
	'Oh, well, goes from being the biggest dick here, to being the least likely
to say anything, no matter what it is.  Great, he switches from being one
problem to being another'.  "Boy, honey, listen to me."  She stroked his hair as
he lay against her crying.  "There is nothing to apologize for.  No one is going
to be ticked at your because you pull a crying jag."  *Ill with you, but if you
don't calm down honey.  Jessy is going to spend the next month, trying to
convince you that you really are forgiven.  Please, Boy, it's okay, no need in
putting him through that.  You know you're safe.  That, we, love you, right? * 
She lifted his chin, kissing his cheek, licking away the tears.  "Come on,
pretty boy, I know for fact, that there is at least two or three things you
could be doing right now, other than crying."
	"Boy, I know you begged me to make you cry, but I just didn't think you
meant like this."  Jessy sat back down beside them.
	Jake pulled up and went into Jessy's arms.  "I'm sorry, Master, I don't mean
to be like this."  And the damn burst.
	Jessy looked up to Kris.  *So, love any thoughts on how to settle this
little problem? *
	Kris sat up, and began to stroke Jake's back as he leaned into Jessy's arms. 
*No, Father, but we need to come up with some idea.  This is our fault.  If we
weren't going to welcome back into the fold, I probably should have insisted you
never let him wake up all the way.  But now, * Kris felt positively wretched. 
*You could have ended his punishment, and still left him lost. *
	*You would have me do that to him?  Trap himself in his mind, for the rest
of this life?  I couldn't do that, honey, Kill him, yes, but that is, * he
stopped tightening his arms around the mortal that was falling apart in his arm.
	*Well, if you can't do that, he's a mess.  Is there anything you can do for
him? *
	*I don't know, Childe, but I think so.  Give me just a minute or two, and
then we'll see how he reacts. *  "Boy," Jessy reached for the loop in Jake's
collar, using it to lift the man's face.  "Tell you what, I think you should try
listening to me for a minute.  You can't keep going like this.  Like you are
right now, you'll depress and frighten everyone in my house.  So, I'm going to
see what I can do about calming you down, my style, okay?"
	Jake's fear hit him like a blow.  "No," he tried to pull away.  "Please,
Master."  This time his cries were of fear, instead of emotional pain.  "What
did I do wrong?"  He almost screamed at Jessy, fighting to get away from him. 
"You promised.  Said if I didn't hit anyone, you wouldn't do that to me."
	*Boy! * Jessy's mind locked down on the mortal in his laps being.  *Calm
down.  I'm not planning to do that to you, Boy, but I can't leave you like you
are now.  You are forgiven, have been forgive since I released you over a year
ago.  You have to get over this. *  Jessy captured Jake's head in his hands. 
Forcing the boy to look into his face, his eyes.  Darlin loves you, Boy.  My son
adores you.  I won't let you confuse him with what you are feeling.  You are
afraid of me.  I won't let you teach my son to fear me as well.  You are going
to have to trust me.  Just relax, and trust me.  I won't send you back, but I
have to see what I can do to help you to get past this. *
	Jake stopped fighting.  Lifted his eyes to meet Jessy's.  "Please, Master,
you promised."  There was no way he could stop what was going to happen to him. 
No more than he had been able to stop it the first time.  "Kill me please, don't
do this to me.  You're right Master, I am afraid of you, of ma'am.  I can't help
it.  So please, don't do this again.  Just kill me."  He figured he was about to
loose himself again, be sent back to that hell in his head.  He didn't have
anything to lose.  "Damn you, you promised.  You can take my mind away from me.
You can do anything.  But you just remember.  I hate you.  You do this, I hate
you, and it doesn't matter how fucked up you make me.  I will always hate you." 
There was no emotion of any kind save hate in Jake's tone.  If, Jessy did what
he knew he was going to do to him.  He had lied.  "Go on.  But if you do this,
do it here, infront of all the rest.  Let them see, just how fucking, safe, you
are to them."
	Jessy shook his head.  "No, Boy, I am not going to do that to you."  He
began.
	"My name is Jake, Jacob.  If you are going to do this, damn it, take my
fucking collar off, and use my name.  I don't belong to you anymore, remember. 
You do this, I don't belong to you."
	"Listen to me, 'Boy'."  Jessy stressed the name.  "I am not going to do that
to you.  Why would I?  You are right.  I did give you my word it was over.  I
would never do that to you again, unless you hit someone again.  So, just, calm
down.  I don't lie.  You know I don't.  But, love, you can't keep being like
this.  I can't let you upset everyone else in my home.  I am going to have to
walk you through this.  So just look into my eyes, and listen to me.  I promise,
swear, on my word and bond, that you won't be sent back there.  Just listen,
okay?"
	Jake closed his eyes for a moment before just sighing.  "Yes, Master."  He
didn't have it in him to fight anymore.  His punishment had left him too
scarred.  Too tired to fight anymore.  He was going to have his whole identity
stripped from him, and there was nothing he could do.  Jessy had lied to him. 
And now he was going to finish him off.  Not even the knowledge that he would
spend the rest of his life, how ever long or short it would be, hating him,
bothered Jessy.  He was going to do this to him anyway.
	*How many times do I have to tell you Boy, I am not going to do that to you.
*  Jessy kissed the top of his forehead.  *But, I have to walk you through this
fear you still have.  Kris was right, I should have never waked you fully after
I punished you like I did.  But you are fully awake now.  And I won't send you
back.  But you can't continue like you are right now.  So listen to me, Boy,
believe what I am telling you.  You are safe with me, you haven't got anything
to be afraid of.  I won't let anyone hurt you, ever. *  He pressed down lightly
of Jake's mind.  *Believe, lover, I love you.  Will always love you.  I saved
your life once.  I wouldn't have, if you were not important to me.  You are the
lover of the mother of my child.  In the daylight hours, it is you who will
stand in my stead as his father.  I cannot let you fear me.  So just let it go,
okay, sweet heart.  Just let it go. * 
	Jake looked at him, and suddenly, somehow, he just wasn't afraid anymore. 
Of course it was over.  He knew he was loved.  After all the time he had been
with Jessy, if he ever had a reason to doubt it, it would have happened by now. 
"Master?"  He was looking at him so weirdly.  "Everything okay?"
	Jessy just smiled at him.  He was getting to the point that it was rapidly
becoming easy.  He was glad he wasn't mortal anymore.  Either he was getting
much better at controlling them than anyone his age should be, or the mortals
were getting weaker.  Then he stopped.  No, not weaker, just not near as hard. 
In his day, mortals were so much harder.  But in this new age, where there was
ample food, proper sanitation, excellent medical treatment, and no war had
softened them greatly.  Enabled their strength to be redirected to other things
that had nothing to do with mere survival.  "It's nothing, Boy, just losing
myself in your eyes.  You do know you have pretty eyes, don't you?"  *Listen
kids, I've taken care of my boy, don't mention his past anymore, any of you. * 
He cupped Jake's chin, kissing him.  He had just taken care of Jake's problem,
and he didn't want to risk, unsettling him again.




Children Of The Night
By: Veronica Leigh Marquette

CHAPTER 20
Epilogue

	Jessy stood over his sleeping son.  'Has it really been that long?'  He
thought to himself smiling.  "Hello Nicky."  He touched the boy's cheek.  "Happy
birthday son."
	Nick groaned stretching.  "Hi Dad, what time is it?"	
	"It's just after midnight.  Today is a special day.  You will be missing
school for the next week.  I have something special planned for your birthday."
	"Gods, I hope you aren't planning a birthday party with the fixings like you
did last year."  He griped.  "Come on Dad, I'm sixteen now, don't you think I'm
just a little too old for cake and party favors?"
	Jessy just laughed at his son.  "Oh, I have a birthday party planned for
you, but I don't think it is quite like your others have been.  You're sixteen
now."
	"Yeah, gonna finally get to go and get my drivers license."  Nick pulled up
to look at his father.
	Jessy sat on the bed beside him.  "I think what will happen to you, when you
finally come downstairs is going to be better than just a drivers license for
you."  He stroked the boy's cheek.  "You are sixteen now.  I had given your
mother my promise that I would not bind you to me until you reached your
sixteenth birthday.  That, I would see to it that you grew to manhood."
	Nick looked at him, with a little glint of surprise in his eyes.  "Really?"
	"You have no idea how hard it has been for me to hold myself back, the last
couple of years.  That time you were in the hospital, after the accident, you
were so hurt, so close to death.  If it hadn't been for your grandmother, I
would have taken you then."
	It had been a very frightening time.  An accident caused by a drunk driver
had almost killed him.  Nick was only fourteen, and still not quite old enough
for what he had planned for him.  But for a few days, he had been so close to
death.  It had taken Janis, Kris and both Asha and Ramaine to talk him out of
seeing to it that his son no longer danced with death.  The boy still walked
with a limp because of it.  A limp that by the time he, finally, put him back to
bed would be gone.
	"Uh, Dad."  Nick broke through his musing.  "Now that you know, I'm going to
stop aging.  What happens next?  I mean, I see you with the rest.  Have even
played a little with Randy and Alex.  But you planning on doing that to me too?"
	"Just how much have you 'played' with my boys Nicholas?"
	Nicky shook his head.  "Nothing, just a little grope and grab, a few kisses,
but I," He blushed.  "I wouldn't do that.  No matter how much I liked them, or
it.  I grew up knowing what they were to you, and who you are to them."  Then he
looked down, unable to meet his father's eyes.  "Thought about it a time or two,
but Randy kept telling me, that you would be pissed at them if they let me do
anything more than just fool around."
	"Well tell you what, 'son', tonight I have plans for you that go much
farther than just fooling around."  Jessy stood.  "Grab a shower, and come
downstairs and hug your mother.  For the rest of the night, she isn't going to
be around."  He took Nick's face in his hands, and kissed him.  "Best you hurry,
Nicky.  Your mother wants at least a few minutes of your time, before I send her
to visit your grandmother for the night."  He wasn't worried about Fran, she had
been as excited that Nick was finally going to be bound to him as he was.  True
it was not quite for the same reasons, but that wasn't important. 
	"I took a shower before I went to bed.  I had planned on sleeping as late as
possible before getting up to go to school."  He had grown up, knowing that
Jessy wasn't his father by birth, knew what the man that had stood as his
father, really was, but never that he would ever be more than just his father. 
Now, with the feel of Jessy's lips still present on his, he knew that his dad
was going to be a whole lot more than just his father.
	"Then, shall we go, you hug and kiss your mother good bye.  She is waiting
with Janis below."
		*	*	*
	Fran looked up as Jessy led her son down into the main room.  "Happy
birthday honey."  She hugged him tight.
	"Thanks mom."  He couldn't help but notice the silver collar and tag that
his mother now wore.  "New jewelry mom?"
	She laughed.  "No, or at least not really.  Your father gave me this on your
first birthday, but he wouldn't let me wear it until you were ready to be made
his."
	Nick looked at the tag on her collar, it was silver, of course, and had her
name on it.  "Darlin?  But mom, I thought, I mean isn't your name Fran?"
	"My name, for him, hasn't been Fran since the first night I came here when
you were just five days old."  She hugged him tightly.  "Now, Nicky, listen to
me.  I have spent the last sixteen years accepting that I belonged to him, and
through me, you did as well.  Trust him.  He, loves you, you know that.  Trust
that love."
	"Kiss your son good bye, honey.  It's time I take you and go."  Janis lay a
hand on Fran's arm.  "Happy birthday, dear.  You have grown into a fine young
man.  I do think that my son has out done himself with you."
	"Thanks Gran."
	"Have fun, baby."  Fran hugged him tightly one more time.  Kissing him on
the cheek before stepping back.
	
	Jessy hugged Fran as she prepared to leave with Janis.  They had both agreed
that for the first night of his claiming that he would probably be more
comfortable if she wasn't there.  But he still didn't like to think that he was
putting anyone out, even if it was only for one night.  "Have fun with my
mothers bunch Darlin."   He kissed her.
	She grinned up at him.  "You know I will 'Master'."
	"Happy birthday, little brother."  Kris hugged him.  "It's about time you
were welcomed into the family right."
	Nick looked from her to where Jessy was saying goodbye to his mother and
grandmother.  "My mom just called my dad, master."  He looked completely
floored.
	"Well, that is what I am to her, Nick."  Jessy smiled.  "Oh, you have no
idea how many times I have had to talk her out of calling me that while you were
still growing up.  I don't think she is going to call me anything but master for
years.  And I am unbelievably anxious to hear you call me that too."  In the
last seventeen years, since Kris had come to him, he had learned exactly how
much he had learned to love that word, and all the came with it.  "But, unlike
your mother, I don't want to hear nothing but that from you.  I am still your
father, even if I am your master.  I do hope you remember that."
	"Uh, sure Dad, not a problem."  He trembled as Jessy pulled him close.
	*Relax, Nick, I am not going to hurt you. *  Jessy kissed him again, bending
to pick him up.  "Before I give you your birthday present, tell me, have you
done more than just kiss my boys?  Do you have a friend that you are emotionally
close to?"
	*I did, but you kind of ran him off. *  He had grown up with so much love
and openness that his complaint that his father had frightened off the one boy
that he had ever, other than Randy and Alex, even kissed.  Was a bit sharp. 
"No, before today, I haven't done anything more than play around and kiss a
little.  Why?"
	"Just curious as to how careful I should be with you."  He kissed him again. 
"Because trust me Nicky, by the time I put you back to bed at dawn, you will
have done much more than just 'kiss' someone."  He tilted Nick's head back to
bear his throat to his mouth.
	Nick had spent most of his life watching his father feed on others in his
house, he always wondered what it felt like.  But as the sudden rush of heat
flooded his body, and his cum filled his briefs as he came, he realized why all
the others he had grown up around, were always so ready to be the one to be fed
from.
	Jessy pulled back, he had only had just a taste of the boy that was pressed
back against him.  But a taste was enough.  "Your turn Nicky."  He took the
knife that Kris held out to him, and pressed it against the side of his throat,
cutting deep.  The blood welling from the cut.  "Okay, now, it's time."  He
pulled Nick's head to his throat.  "Be mine."
	'Oh, shit,' was the only clear thought Nick could make as his father's blood
filled his mouth.

	Mitch watched on, smiling.  "Nick is going to give Jessy as much trouble as
I did at the beginning."  He commented to Danny.  As they watch Jessy holding
his son to his throat, and Nick pressing against him, trying to keep the blood
that flowed, so briefly from his father, flowing.
	"I don't think so.  Nicky is used to minding his father.  I don't see it
changing much now that he belongs to him as much as we do."
	"You think so?  I don't know, the boy has a stubborn streak a mile wide in
him.  He was raised around us, remember?  Knew that his father owned us, but
never thought that he would join our ranks."
	"I am afraid Butch that you don't know what my father has planned for my
little brother, or for the rest of you."  Kris pulled him close.  "Let him get
Nick past this, and I am sure he will gladly tell all."  She and Jessy had
talked about this night, many times.
	"I shudder to think what our master will come up with."  Danny watched on,
as Jessy gently eased Nick back on the bed.  "I wonder how Nicky will deal with
his first time.  He isn't lost like Mitch and I were our first times with him."
	"No, but he has grown up around you all, even toyed at having a little
friend last year.  And between Randy and Alex, he is more than ready to go
forward."  She commented.  "Just hold on fella's, soon enough he will show you
all, that he doesn't need to have a boy, lost like the two of you were, his
first time, for it to be good."

		*	*	*
	Nick lay back, looking up at his father.  "Wow Dad, that was," he blushed as
he looked down.
	"It only gets better Nicky."  Fingers began to work the buttons of his
pajama bottoms.  "Got a question for you.  I know you were interested in the
boy, a year or so back, but have you had any girls that peaked your interest?"
	"Other than Kris, you mean?"  He chuckled.  "No, I am pretty much as gender
biased as most of your guys here are.  Why?"
	"So, you don't have a problem with the idea of a man being your first?" 
Jessy worked his pants down over his hips, smiling at the wet stain on his
briefs.  "I guess not."
	"I guess that depends on which man, Dad."  He tried to cover his raging
hard-on.  "I mean, no.  You're going to do it, aren't you?"
	"I can make it good for you, baby.  I have never hurt any of those that came
to me untouched.  But for this one night, if you would rather it be another, for
this one time, I will hold you and see that, like little one who was butch's
first, I will hold you and see to it that it is wonderful for you."  He ran his
hand over the boy's chest, stroking carefully. 
	Nick looked at Jessy, "I have to choose someone?  I thought it would be, I
mean, you have been real picky over who I dealt with so far."
	"And I will keep being picky.  Because unless it is another of my peoples
feeders, you will never sleep with anyone other than either me, or those in my
house."  He smiled softly at his son.  "I want you, Nick, have wanted you since
you were thirteen and I walked in on you in the bathroom that time."  Nick
blushed again, remembering the time when his father had walked in on him while
he was masturbating.  "But, I also want you to feel comfortable with it, so is
there any other of those in my home that you are drawn to?  You said you have
fooled around with pet and precious, so would you feel more at ease with one of
them?"
	Nick looked at him, trying to find the words to answer his father.  He had
never, consciously, thought about what it would be like if his father had
decided to take him, fantasies, deep and dark ones, yes, but not anything that
he actively believed in or worried about.  "It won't hurt?"
	"No, baby, I promise, it won't hurt.  Shall I prove that?"
	Nick swallowed hard then nodded.  He had grown up in a house full of slaves,
so accepting that he was one now too, wasn't that hard.  "Could you, you know,
feed from me again?  Or maybe I could you know, drink from you again."
	"I know, what say we do both?"  He smiled down at the youngster.
	"Hey, I'm all over that."  The thought of the feelings he had had as Jessy
fed from him, and the promise of the intense pain/pleasure of being able to feed
from Jessy, was more than just slightly promising.  He wanted it more than he
had wanted anything before in his life.
	"Soon."  Jessy promised lowering his mouth to Nick's again, as his hands
began to roam the younger man's body.
	Nick tried, hard, as he felt his fathers mouth kiss first his lips then down
his throat.  To forget that the man that was making him feel all that he was
feeling was his father.  It somehow seemed a bit twisted to him, to be feeling
all that he was, and know that the man that had raised him was the one that was
making him feel this.  "Oh, god."  He moaned at the cool feeling of lips on his
chest, the almost electric feel of the tongue that stabbed at his nipple. 
"Daddy!"  He almost screamed as he came again in Jessy's hand.
	Jessy raised his hand to his mouth, licking Nick's release from his fingers. 
*Relax, baby. *  He lowered his mouth to his again.  Feeding the boys own
release to him in his kiss, as his hands continued to tease the boy's body. 
Working to pull his own clothes from him, without breaking the contact he had
with Nick.
	Young Nick might be, but stupid he wasn't.  He understood that the sooner he
helped his father to get his clothes off, the sooner they could continue, and he
wanted them to continue.  "Here, let me."  He helped Jessy with his shirt, by
pulling it over his head, to throw it from the bed.  "Come on Dad, hurry up." 
He watched as Jessy worked his pants down his hips.  "Oh wow."  He had never
seen his father in the all together before, but now, his body looked wonderful. 
He had become accustomed to the lack of any body hair on those around him.  Had
started to shave the moment he started to get pubic hair, wanting to look like
all the other men around him.  Ashamed of the hair that continued to grow over
his loins.  But now, he had drank from his father, and knew, Alex and Randy had
told him often enough, that he would never have to shave, anywhere, ever again. 
Which was just fine with him.
	Jessy's pant's joined his shirt on the floor.  As he lay over Nick, mouth
demanding as his hands resumed their attack.  He wanted the boy, had wanted him
for so long, and now, he would have him.  "Are you ready, baby?"
	"Dad, if I were any more ready, you'd have to beat me off with a stick." 
But despite his brave words, and obvious interest, he was still trembling.
	"Ssshh, baby, I won't hurt you.  I love you."  He touched his cheek.  "There
is nothing that I have, or am that will hurt you."
	Nick looked down.  "I know that Dad, Even if I'm just mortal, I know you
won't hurt me."  He shyly reached out to touch Jessy, gasping at what looked to
be blood seeping from her shaft.  "Damn, Dad, you're bleeding."  He tried to
pull away.
	Jessy just laughed at him, holding him still.  "No, Nick, I'm not bleeding. 
I'm a vampire, any fluid that comes from me is blood tainted."  He reached down
and collected the red fluid that was seeping from him.  Bringing his finger up
to Nick's mouth.  "Open up honey."
	Nick opened his mouth, mesmerized as he shyly sucked at his father's finger. 
Eyes closing, moaning at the taste.
	"Okay baby, look at me, I want you to listen to everything I have to say to
you."  Jessy cupped his face in his hands, eyes searching his son's face for a
response.  "Are you listening?"
	"Yes, sir."
	Jessy smiled.  "I love you.  I have loved you since the first time I held
you in my hands.  I will love you until the day you die, and beyond.  I will
never hurt you like this."  He pressed down as lightly as he could on the boy's
mind.  "I am making love to you Nick.  Love doesn't hurt.  As long as it is in
love, 'it doesn't hurt'.
	Nick nodded.  It wouldn't hurt.  That was the one thing that had always
worried him.  He had heard all the horror stories from his friends, about the
ripping pain that they had suffered their first time.  But it wouldn't hurt him. 
His father, the man that had helped him over the years, with any and all his
problems, from homework to holding his hand after he had broke off his
infatuation with Ronny.  He wouldn't hurt him.
	Jessy reached for the knife again.  "I only tasted you before, I didn't dare
drink from you.  But now, I plan to feast on you, even as you feast on me."  He
slashed his throat pulling Nick's head up to the wound, even as he sank his
fangs into the boy's neck.
	It was like liquid fire as Nick held to him, the blood, it was so hot, so
alive.  He cried with protest as the wound closed under his mouth.  And all he
was left with was the feeling of pleasure and lust that Jessy's feeding gave
him.
	Jessy pulled back, reaching under the pillow for the tub of lubricant that
he had purposely placed there, for just the reason.  "Turn over, baby, I will
make love to you now."  He kissed the boy, one last time before pulling back so
Nick could roll over.  "Up a little, on your knees honey."  He wanted nothing
more than to bury, himself in the warmth offered him, but he refrained from
losing his reason.  This was his son, he would not forget that, nor the fact
that the youngster that lay before him, trusted him.
	Nick bit the pillow under him moaning softly as the feel of Jessy's finger
began to tease him, rubbing softly at his virgin hole, not pushing in yet, just
teasing him with the light touch and gentle rubbing.  Feeling his body begin to
relax under the gentle hands.
	That was all Jessy had been waiting for, the relaxing of the boy's
sphincter, before he eased a finger in.  Beginning to thrust slowly, moving his
finger in small circles, to help Nick to become accustomed to something inside
him.
	Nick gasped softly, pressing back as he felt a second finger join the first. 
But before he could recover enough to think, a third joined the first two.  He
lay there, rocking back and forth on Jessy's fingers.  Moaning low in his
throat.
	*I love you. *  Jessy leaned forward, to ease himself into his son. 
Reaching under the boy to being to stroke him, as he began to thrust.
	Nick let go the pillow as he cried out.  "Oh, gods, please."  It was like
nothing he had ever dreamed.  He had fantasized about this moment, had even felt
a little guilty because he had, but not even his darkest, most sorted fantasies
came close to what it felt like in real life.  He hips rocked back and forth
meeting each thrust.  His mind was numb, as the hand that was touching him grew
stronger.  "Please, Daddy, 'yes'!"  His orgasm, the third so far, blazed through
him.
	Jessy smiled softly at the sounds of his son's cries.  Gripping the boy's
hips he began to feed his heat into the sobbing youth under him.  Shuddering
with pent up passions as he fed his lust into his young lover.

	Jessy stroked his hair, as he lay over him, sated for the moment.  "Are you
all right Nicky?  I didn't hurt you did I?"  He was concerned.  There at the
end, the wonderful tightness of his boy had taken some of his careful control.
	Nick rolled over, going into his arms, sobbing.  "No," he mumbled, as he
held on tightly.
	"Then why the tears baby?"
	Nick tried to calm down.  "Because," he hiccuped.  "I have spent the last
three years, since that night when you walked in on me, you know, in the
bathroom, thinking what it might be like.  And now," he just hid his face in
Jessy's chest.  "I used to feel so bad, because I wanted this, and now that it
has happened."
	"So, did I live up to your dreams?"  He shushed him.  "It's okay Nicky, I've
been wanting you for as long.  And for the same reason."
	Nick looked up at him, smiling shyly.  "Better, way better."
	Jessy just laughed softly.  Bending to kiss him again.  "Same here love, it
was much better than I ever thought it would be.  And trust me, I knew it would
be good."  He stroked his cheek one more time.  "Now, I don't want to abandon
you, especially not after what we just shared, but I do think that I need to
clean up just a bit.  Then we will join the rest and finish celebrating your
birthday."

	Kris moved to sit by Nicky the moment Jessy got up to go and clean up after
his time with his son.  "So, Nicky, are you okay?"
	He looked down, chuckling blushing an, even, darker shade.  "Yeah, Kris, I'm
great.  Why didn't you tell me about this?  Do you have any idea how bad I've
felt for years?  I kept thinking about it, and what it would be like."
	"Because my father told me not too.  He has obsessed over this night for
years too.  Yesterday, he almost broke his word and just took you when you got
home from school.  You have no idea what it took for him to wait.  Even if it
was only for just a few more hours.  He was going to wait until you go home from
school later today, but at the stroke of midnight, when you were officially
sixteen, he just couldn't wait anymore."
	"He's got more will power than I do.  If I had known that this was what was
going to happen, I would have been at him for the last three years to just go
ahead and do it.  I wouldn't have even bothered to worry about Ronny, or get mad
at him when he wouldn't let me ever stay over at his house."
	"He wanted to make sure that the first time a man made love to you, that it
was as wonderful as it was painless.  He knew your little friend couldn't stop
it from being uncomfortable for you the first time, so yes, he did seem to be
cruel.  But he didn't want you to be traumatized by someone who was as clueless
as you were on how to do things."  She held out a hand.  "Well, our father is
getting cleaned up again, so why don't go and join the party now in progress."
	"I don't know if I can walk right now Krissy."  He tried to protest.
	"Well then, if you can't walk, I'm you older sister, it's my job to help you
even if I have to carry you.  Now up with you."  She stood ready if he had any
problems.
	Nick moved slowly, waiting for the catch in his hip to grab him, but as he
stood, nothing happened.  "Hey, I can walk right."  He grinned as he stepped
forward, putting all his weight on his left leg, something that he hadn't been
able to do since the accident.
	"Another one of the many pluses of being connected to a vampire sweet heart. 
Now come on, and walk your cute little butt over here and see what we have for
you."  She took his hand.
		*	*	*
	Brenda was the first to hug him.  "Happy sweet sixteen, Nicky."  She kissed
him, full on the mouth.  "Well at least now you can't say you've never been
kissed."
	"Sweety, he couldn't say that last week."  Randy laughed at her.  "Though
before tonight, he could say that, that, was about all he had been.  But I think
Jessy took care of everything else."
	"Here you go, Nick, happy birthday."  Mitch handed him small thin box with a
bow on the top.  "I hope you like 'Tantric'"
	"Thanks Mitch," he unwrapped the thin box, which was actually a CD case. 
"Cool, let me guess, you been going through my music again haven't you?" 
Tantric was one of his all time favorite bands, he had all but their latest
CD's.  And now, he had that one as well.
	"Nope, I just have listened to all the stuff you listen to enough to know
that when I saw this CD, you couldn't have it, it just came out."
	"Thanks man," he hugged Mitch.  "This is cool.  I'll have to burn a copy to
play and stick this with the rest of my originals."
	Mitch laughed, holding out a three pack of recordable CD's.  "I wonder how I
knew you would say that?"
	"Because he has been doing that since he was ten and got his first stereo,
you ninny."  Tracy laughed, holding out another box for him.  "Happy birthday
honey.  It's not a CD, and yes it's clothes, but I think you will get a kick out
of it."
	Nick tore into the box, "oh, Trace, this is so cool."  It was a black
concert T-shirt.  "'Godsmack', wow, you do know that I can't wear this to school
don't you?"  He hugged her again.  "But that's okay I don't live at the school."
	
	And the gifts and well wished kept coming.  Three more DC's, a portable CD
player, another three shirts, cash and more posters than he had ever hoped to
get in one sitting.  "Guys, this is, man if I knew I would make out like this, I
would have turned sixteen years ago."
	"It's not over Nick."  Jessy stood behind him.  "Puck has something for you
as well.  Don't you Puck?"
	"Yeah, I think it is going t look real good on him."  Ryan handed Nick a
rolled up piece of art paper. 
	Nick looked at the design confused.  "I don't get it."  It was like but not
like the tattoo that they all wore.  Same J and K intertwined, but they were
covering a ornate N in various shades of blue.  "Dad?"
	"I had Puck come up with it for me.  You are my son.  Mortal or no, and now,
you are more than just my son, you are now rate in my home just below myself and
Kris.  I can't let you go, knew I could never release you, back when your mother
first came here.  But I can and have seen to it that even among your vampire
kin, you are seen as one of us.  I can't make you my true child yet, maybe one
day, if the ban is ever lifted, but for now, it's the closest thing I can come
to.  You can't see it, because it isn't obvious in the design, but there are
markings in the drawing that I had Puck work in, ones that any of my people will
see, and understand who and what you are to me."
	"Well, damn, and all I have for you is that jeep sitting in the driveway." 
Kris laughed.
	Nick looked first at his father, then to the drawing in his hands, then at
Kris.  "A Jeep?"  He looked stunned.  "You got me a car?"
	"Happy birthday kid.  Just don't wreck it, already I have to pay
unbelievable rates on the insurance for it.  I don't even want to think what it
will cost me if you wreck it."
	"So much for my well thought out and planned gift."  Jessy shook his head. 
"To think, out done by a automobile.  What is the youth of today coming too?  I
offer him a guarantee that he will never again have anything to worry about,
from anything, or anyone, and he is happier with a car.  Go figure."
	"He's a teenager Father.  It is going to be years before he fully
appreciates what you gave him."
	"Yes, well, give him time.  He will come to thank me for my gift, when he
watches all those around him, age or sicken, even die."  He took Nick's face
between his hands again, smiling down into his face.  "I love you, I will never
leave you, or let you leave me before the blood you take from me can't put off
your mortality any longer.  That is my gift to you my son."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Veronica Leigh Marquette


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





