BDSM Library - Paine Grove




Paine Grove
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A novice Master is introduced to a male dom, fem sub family by his new girlfriend, who becomes his slave.
PAINE GROVE

Chapter 1 - Arrival

Sarah and I were both in our second year of college, and had been dating for a
few months now.  She was a tall, willowy blonde with big tits, and a fantastic
tight ass.  We had been fucking quite regularly, so it was no great surprise
when she suggested that we go to her parent's cottage for a weekend getaway. 
Thinking that this would be a wonderful opportunity to spend a fun filled
weekend alone with her, I readily agreed.  Little did I know exactly how the
weekend would turn out.

I must admit that I had missed the subtle signs that Sarah had been giving me
all along.  She usually deferred to me when I wanted to do something or go
somewhere.  When we were in bed, she often would raise her hands and grasp the
headboard of the bed, in the classic submissive pose.  If I wanted a blowjob,
she would be on her knees in an instant, gobbling down my cock.  Lots of little
things like that which had gone over my head. 

I must admit that one of the reasons that I had first noticed Sarah was the way
she dressed.  A few words came to mind when describing her wardrobe choice,
chief amongst them were slut, tramp and whore.  Sarah always wore high heels,
short skirts and tight tops designed to show off, rather than conceal her body. 

So here we were, making the 2-hour drive north to her parent's cottage.  I was
driving, and Sarah was sitting in the passenger seat.  Today she wore a very
short red leather mini skirt, a white silk blouse that was almost see-through
and thigh high black leather boots with 5" stiletto heels.  No panties and no
bra.  During the drive, she kept me entertained by playing with her pussy, while
pinching and stroking her nipples through her top.  Over the course of the 2
hours, she must have cum at least 10 times.  After her third orgasm she started
to re-arrange her clothes, obviously very sated.  In a symbol of what would
happen over the weekend, I told her to keep going, that I liked to watch her
orgasm.  She groaned, mumbled that she was getting sore, but resumed her
stroking, pinching and finger fucking for the rest of the trip.  By the time we
got to the cottage, she was exhausted, and the car absolutely reeked of sex. 

I had never been to Sarah's parent's cottage before.  I knew that she came from
a wealthy family, but I was unprepared for what I saw after my old rusty car had
bounced over the five (yes 5) mile driveway that led from the main road.  At the
end of the curving tree lined gravel drive the final corner opened into a small
meadow alongside a beautiful lake.  Dominating the view was the cottage, which
was really more like a mansion.  I was awestruck.  Sarah's parents obviously
were a lot richer than I ever imagined.  As I pulled my old car into a parking
spot next to a shiny BMW, I began to feel somewhat overwhelmed.  My parents were
not very well off, and I had a part time job, along with extensive scholarships,
in order to be able to pay for the expensive college that Sarah and I both
attended. 

A second thought crossed my mind as we got out of the car.  "Sarah, whose car is
that?" I asked, realizing that we weren't alone for the weekend, as I had hoped.

"That's my brother's.  Roger must be here."

Sarah had talked a little about her family, and I knew that Roger was 2 years
younger than her.  That meant that a high school student was driving the
expensive car.  I just couldn't compete with this family, and I began to have
serious doubts about any long-term future with Sarah.

Just then, we noticed two people walking along the shore of the lake.  There was
a teenage boy, wearing a bathing suit, leading a teenage girl along the beach. 
The girl looked to be about 16, but with a wonderfully large and firm set of
tits, which were well displayed, in the tiny black bikini that she was wearing. 
The bikini was shiny, looking like it was wet, and the boy held the end of a
chain that led to the middle of the top.  As they came closer, I began to see
more detail.  The bikini had holes cut out where the nipples would be, and the
chain was attached to another chain that ran between the holes.  That chain was
fastened at each end to gold rings, about 1" in diameter that were pierced
through the girls nipples.  Another chain ran from the nipple chain, down
through a ring pierced through her navel, and disappearing into the top of her
bikini bottoms.  It was obviously attached to something, although I wasn't sure
what at this time.  In addition to the ring, chain and leash assembly, this
beautiful girl also sported a thick leather collar, that held her head very
upright, and when they reached us, I realized that her hands were also cuffed
together in leather cuffs matching the collar behind her back, and another set
went around her arms, just above her elbows, drawing her arms back so that her
elbows almost touched.  This had the effect of forcing her chest out, which I
must admit looked very impressive on her small teenage frame.

"Hi there, I'm Roger, and you must be Joe, Sarah's new boyfriend" the teenager
said, as he shook my hand.  I must admit that I was staring open mouthed at the
girl with him, with her pierced nipples, and leather bondage, in what I now
realized was a latex bikini. 

Finally averting my gaze, I looked at the now grinning Roger and shook his
offered hand. 

"That's right, and it's nice to meet you and your ... friend."

Smiling back, Roger replied "Of course, forgive me where are my manners.  Joe
this is cuntmouth.  Cuntmouth, this is Joe.  Please greet him properly."

At that, the girl dropped to her knees, and shuffled forwards until her face was
almost buried in my crotch.  "Welcome Master.  I am cuntmouth, and I am here to
be used any manner that gives you pleasure."  With that, the girl then used her
lips and teeth to expertly pull down my shorts, freeing my cock, which had by
now become very hard.  Without a moment's hesitation, she expertly swallowed my
entire 9" in one gulp, and I groaned as my dick slid past her tonsils into her
throat.

Roger beamed as I managed a groan.  "I hope you don't mind, but this is the way
our sluts normally greet visiting Masters here at Paine Grove."

As I stood there getting the blowjob of my life from a naked, bound teenager, I
suddenly remembered that I was here with my girlfriend.  Glancing over towards
Sarah, I expected to see her glaring at me, but instead, she had a soft,
contented smile on her face.  Taking this as a good sign, I continued to let
cuntmouth deep throat me, until I came with a roar, sending my cum deep into her
belly as she used her throat muscles to expertly milk my cock, and swallow every
drop of my spunk.

When I was done, cuntmouth carefully cleaned my softening cock with her tongue,
before using her teeth to pull my shorts back up.  When she was done that, she
sat back on her heels, legs spread, eyes downcast in a classic submissive pose.

Everything was quiet for a moment, and again I looked over to Sarah to see her
reaction.  She stared into my eyes, smiling at me softly, before gently averting
her gaze to the ground as the naked submissive kneeling before me had.  As she
did that, I also noticed her cross her wrists behind her back, mimicking
cuntmouth's bondage.

So there I was, standing on the lawn of this magnificent cottage / mansion, with
a nearly naked, kneeling, pierced, ringed, leashed, bound submissive named
cuntmouth, a slutily dressed girlfriend who had her eyes downcast and her wrists
crossed submissively, and her teenage brother holding the end of cuntmouth's
leash, smiling smugly at the tableaux surrounding him.

Roger was the first to speak, "I take it that our little Sarah hasn't explained
the Williams family lifestyle to you yet."

"No, no she hasn't" I managed to stutter.

"Well then maybe we should go in, have something to drink, and get better
acquainted."

"Okay, let's go."




Chapter 2 - Family Life

The four of us walked up to the cottage.  Roger led the way, and continued to
lead cuntmouth by her nipple leash; I followed, enjoying the view of her ass
cheeks swaying seductively inside her latex bikini.  Sarah walked beside me,
continuing to keep her eyes downcast, and her wrists crossed behind her back. 

We walked up the wide steps, and across the large redwood porch to the main
entrance.  Opening the front door, Roger led our little group inside to the cool
recess of the house.  We entered a huge living room, which probably had enough
couches and chairs for 50 people, and went across to a small cluster of chairs
just inside a set of screen doors that looked out over a huge redwood deck to
the lake beyond.

"You want a beer?" Roger asked.

"Sure, any kind you have would be great" I replied, as I dropped into a chair
that Roger indicated.

"Fuckmeat, bring us two beers" Roger yelled as he sat down in another chair
across from me, pulling cuntmouth down to her knees beside him by dragging on
the nipple leash.  I saw the rings stretch her nipples, and a grimace of pain on
her face before her body caught up with Roger's tug on the leash.

Sarah continued to stand between us, in the same eyes downcast, wrists crossed
pose that she had adopted since the end of my blowjob from cuntmouth.  She made
no move to sit, and I began to wonder if it was because no one had told her to.

I heard the clicking of stiletto heels, and I looked up to see a tall blonde
approaching.  She must have been 50 years old looking at her face, but she had
the body of a 30 year old.  She was taking mincing steps, partly because the
shoes she was wearing were so extreme, and partly because the chain joining the
cuffs at her ankles couldn't have been more than 8" long.  The shoes were toe
shoes, with heels of at least 9" that forced her to walk on only the points of
her toes.  This must have been incredibly painful.  Other than the shoes and
ankle chain, she was wearing the typical French maids outfit, complete with tiny
lace cap on her head.  She also had a strict leather posture collar, much like
cuntmouth.  Her elbows were drawn together by cuffs behind her back, but her
wrists were connected in front with a chain that ran through another chain
around her waist.  In her right hand she carried a small silver tray with two
frosty bottles of beer.  Her mincing steps caused her to wiggle and sway her way
towards us, her heels clicking against the hardwood the entire way.  She bent in
front of me, and offered me a beer off her tray as I gazed at the ample cleavage
displayed as I looked down the front of her outfit.  I took the beer, and
watched as she hobbled over to Roger, who took the second beer, and then reached
his had down her top, grabbed a big hunk of breastmeat in his hand and give it a
vicious squeeze and twist which caused a grunt of pain to escape from her pretty
red lipsticked lips.

"Thanks fuckmeat, you can go after you check with my sister to see if she wants
anything."

Straightening herself up after the painful tit squeeze, the maid hobbled over to
Sarah, and in a wonderfully soft voice asked "Excuse me Mistress Sarah, can I
get you a drink?"

For the first time since we pulled up in the parking lot Sarah spoke "No thank
you Auntie fuckmeat, I'm fine for the moment."

I glanced from Sarah, to the retreating form of fuckmeat the maid who was also
apparently Roger and Sarah's Aunt, to the grinning Roger, to the kneeling
submissive cuntmouth, and back around the circle again a few times, before
finally meeting Roger's smiling face with an astonished stare.

"I would be happy to explain everything, but you might enjoy hearing from Sarah
instead" Roger said.

Okay, I'm a pretty smart guy.  I got all those scholarships to college because I
earned them with my grades.  I also knew enough about various sexual practices
to know an intense BDSM relationship when I see one.  Staring at Sarah in her
eyes downcast, wrist crossed submissive pose, I quickly thought back over our
relationship, and realized the signs that I had been missing.  Sarah was a
submissive, and her entire family was obviously into BDSM in a big way,
presumably because they had the money to indulge themselves.  If I played my
cards right here, I might be able to have the beautiful Sarah as my personal
slave, a thought that made my dick hard again.  On top of that, I realized that
I might be able to get a piece of the family action that was happening here, and
maybe integrate myself into this type of luxury.  Looking around the room at the
expensive furniture and accessories, I realized that I would like to become
accustomed to this kind of money.  All I had to do was make the right moves and
say the right things.

Turning to Roger, I smiled back and said, "Thanks for offering to fill me in,
but I think that since Sarah is my girlfriend, she should be the one
explaining."

"Tell me everything Sarah, and do a good job because you already have a
punishment coming for not telling me about your lifestyle before we came up
here."

At the mention of punishment, I saw Sarah shudder, but then she squared up her
shoulders and began speaking.

"I'm sorry for not telling you sooner Joe, but..."

"Stop!" I commanded, "I think that this would be a much more interesting story
if you told it naked, so lose the skirt and blouse!"

It was a small gamble that Sarah would rebel, but after what had already seen
with the other two women present, cuntmouth and fuckmeat, and Sarah's demeanour
since we arrived, I thought it was a risk worth taking.

At my command to strip, Sarah stopped her explanation and slowly and sensuously
removed her top and her skirt, leaving her standing in only her spiked heeled
boots.  I stared at her body for a long time, enjoying the view of her naked as
I always did.  I noticed her breathing making her wonderful tits rise and fall. 
Her nipples were very erect, and I noticed a shine on her inner thighs, which I
knew was her juices beginning to seep out of her cunt.  There was now no
question in my mind.  Sarah was one hot submissive slut, excited by everything
that had occurred in the last few minutes, and I was going to do everything I
could to make her completely mine.

Sarah continued to stand there in her boots, trembling slightly as I looked at
her body.  I glanced across at Roger, and he too was taking in the sight of his
naked older sister.  Finally, I realized that I had ordered her to stop, and
that she was waiting for my command to resume her story.  "Continue!" was my
single word order.

Sarah began again.  "I'm sorry that I didn't tell you about my family and their
lifestyle sooner Joe, but I wanted to be sure that you were really interested in
me, and not just the Williams name and family fortune.  I am comfortable now
that you are not just after my money, and I believe that I can open up to you. 
It was also important for me to know that you wouldn't be shocked by my family,
and your actions so far today have proven that to be true."

"As you already have gathered, my family believes in the male dominant, female
submissive lifestyle.  Growing up, our parents, grandparents, Aunts and Uncles
and family friends all maintained that lifestyle.  As kids we were exposed to it
on a daily basis, but never forced to participate in any way, although if we
were interested we were given lots of opportunity.  As you can see, my brother
took advantage of that opportunity and is totally dominant, and my sister,
cuntmouth, is his willing slave."

At that, I looked back at the girl kneeling on the floor, and realized that I
had been blind in not recognizing the family resemblance.  Looking up, I again
encountered the smiling face of Roger, only this time I smiled back, before
returning by gaze to Sarah.

"Unlike my brother and sister, I was always hesitant to participate in the
activities, and my parents were content to let me just watch.  We have a rule
within our homes that uncollared women are not to be touched without their
express consent, and I just watched and waited.  I used to get extremely horny,
and would masturbate for hours thinking about giving myself as a slave to a
Master, but I could never find the right man, and didn't want to just get thrown
into the slave pit for any takers."

Taking a deep breath, as Roger and I continued to pull on our beers, Sarah
resumed her story.

"Then I met you, and I came to realize that you were the man, the Master, that
could complete our family."  Turning to me, with her eyes brimming with tears,
and her juices running down her leg inside her boots Sarah said the words that
would melt any mans heart, and make his dick as hard as mine was at the moment. 
"Joe, would you please be my Master.  I will give myself to you, mind, body and
soul to use in any manner you like."

"Come closer and kneel in front of me," I ordered. 

Sarah began to walk the 10 feet to my chair, when I suddenly stood up closed the
gap to her in an instant, and reached out and slapped her across the face,
knocking her off her feet.  "Who the fuck told you to walk you stupid cunt. 
When your Master calls you come crawling on your hands and knees like the
useless piece of trash that you are."

I walked back over and sat down, and waited for Sarah to pick herself up from
the floor.  As she did so, I looked across to Roger, who continued smiling, and
gave me a small nod, telling me that I had made the right choice in treating
Sarah the way I just had.

Sarah regained her composure, and crawled across the floor on her hands and
knees, eyes to the floor, breasts swaying seductively as she made her way to me,
and assumed the same position as her sister cuntmouth, on her knees, legs spread
shoulder width apart, eyes downcast.  Unlike her sister who had her arms bound
behind her back, Sarah's arms were free, so she placed them palms up on her
thighs.  She may not have participated in the family bondage adventure, but she
had certainly learned the rules by watching for all this time.

Turning to Roger, I asked "Do you have any extra collars around here?"

"You realize that putting a collar on her makes her fair game for everyone,
right?"

I looked down at the kneeling Sarah, and then back up to Roger "Yep, I know
exactly what it means."  At this statement I saw another shudder from Sarah, but
she said nothing and made no attempt to break position.  Looking down, I saw the
juices continue to flow from her cunt, and they were actually starting to drip
onto the floor.  She was so turned on by all of this.  Sarah was going to make
one fantastic slave.

"I suggest you call for fuckmeat, she will know where one is."

I was beginning to like Roger a lot.  Although he was a few years younger than
me, he was displaying a level of maturity that easily matched my own, and he
wasn't in any way condescending despite his family's incredible wealth, and my
own more modest means demonstrated by the car he had seen me drive up in.

It was now time to begin testing my dominance, not just over Sarah, but also
over any of the slaves that being acquainted with the Williams was going to give
me access to.

"Fuckmeat, get your slut ass in here!"  This was my first command to a slave
other than my newly acquired Sarah.  As we waited for the maid / Aunt to hobble
her way across the house in her painful toe shoes, I realized that with the
other two slaves being named cuntmouth and fuckmeat, I was going to need a slave
name for Sarah.

Turning to Roger, I asked, "How do the slaves get their names?" 

"We have a long family tradition of the home being ruled by the men, with all
women being submissive.  Those slaves that are brought into the family are
assigned names by their Masters. Those that are born to it are given both slave
and common names at birth.  They grow up being called by their common names, as
our lovely Sarah did, and when they signal their acceptance of their rightful
slave status by donning a collar, they revert back to their slave names.  You
will have to ask my father what name he gave to Sarah, but for now, I would call
her whatever you want, as long as it's humiliating and degrading."

By now fuckmeat had made her way to our little group.  I was anxious to begin my
domination of Sarah, but I also wanted to demonstrate to everyone present that I
was more than capable of assuming the role of Master.  Fuckmeat waited until
Roger had finished talking, before addressing me "You called for this worthless
whore Master.  How may I be of service to you?"

"Would you like another beer Roger?"

"Yeah, that would be great, thanks."

"Another beer for Master Roger, and make it fast slut."

"Yes Master, as you wish.  Would you like anything?"

At this, I stood up and faced the chained domestic.  "I believe I told you what
would be required.  I didn't realize that it was the place of a slave to second
guess a Master."  As I was making this statement, I reached up and grasped both
of fuckmeat's nipples between my fingers through the fabric of her maid's
uniform, and twisted and pulled them, eliciting first a groan, and then finally
a small scream from the tortured slave, before finally letting go.  Leaning
closer, I stared into her frightened blue eyes, and with my iciest tone, quietly
asked, "Are you going to get Master Roger his beer now pig?"

"Ye... Ye... Yes, Master, as you command Master" fuckmeat managed to say, before
she turned and began her swaying toe walk back towards the kitchen, but not
before we all saw her eyes begin to tear up.

"Man, you sure know how to treat a slut properly.  How long have you been a
Master?" Roger asked.

"I'm not sure, what time did we meet you in the driveway?" I answered.

Roger eyed me with a look of disbelief, before breaking out in a big grin,
followed by laughter.  "Okay, so we have a natural here.  I don't think your
going to have any problems keeping any of our sluts in line."  With that, Roger
got up, and came over and shook my hand.  "Welcome to the Williams family Joe,
you're going to fit right in."

I shook his hand, and he sat back down as fuckmeat click-clacked her
hobble-chained spike heeled way back to our sitting area.  She again carried the
small silver tray, but this time with only one beer on it, and she walked
directly to Roger, bowing deeply and offering him the drink.  After taking the
beer, Roger reached into fuckmeat's top, and gently caressed her right and then
her left nipple.  "Do they hurt Auntie?"

"Yes Master, they are very sore, but I deserved to be punished by the other
Master for being such an uppity and presumptuous slave."

"That's right, you did," continued Roger, grabbing another big handful of
titmeat and squeezing and twisting as he had done last time, but not letting go
this time.  Instead, he forced the chained maid to fall heavily to her knees by
dragging painfully down on her tit.  When she was on her knees in front of him,
Roger set down his beer, reached to the top of her uniform with both hands and
ripped the front to shreds, before grasping both tits hard between his fingers
and resuming his vicious twisting and pulling as he spoke "His name is Master
Joe, not 'The other Master', and you should go apologize for your rudeness."

It was quickly becoming apparent to fuckmeat that she was going to suffer some
pain in the immediate future.  However, she had been trained as a slave since
she was a very young girl, and she knew no other life.  So with no more than a
grunt of pain as Roger gave her tits a final painful squeeze, she replied, "Of
course Master.  This worthless pig will apologize to Master Joe for being rude."

With her uniform still hanging in tatters around her waist, fuckmeat turned and
knee walked her way across to the front of my chair, and with remarkable agility
considering her bondage, she leaned forward, and kissed each of my shoes in
turn, before rising back to her knees, and beginning her speech.  "Master Joe,
fuckmeat is truly less than human.  She is lower than dogshit on the bottom of
your shoe, and she doesn't deserve to even breath the same air as a Master as
magnificent as yourself.  Fuckmeat apologizes completely for insulting you, for
her insolence and her insubordination, and she asks that she be appropriately
punished, after which she will beg your forgiveness."

As I sat there, I took in the body of the maid / Aunt.  She was actually well
put together.  With her uniform in rags around her waist, I could see the deep
bruises beginning to form where both Roger and I had mistreated her breasts. 
"How old are you slut?"

I think that she was a little taken back by this question, probably expecting me
to commence with her punishment.

"Fuckmeat is 52 years old Master."

"Pretty good body for such an old hag" I commented.  Taking her chin in my hand,
I turned her face up to look into her eyes, before issuing my next command.  I
wanted to ensure that she understood me, without saying much.  "Nipple clamps. 
Extremely painful ones" was all I said.

"Of course Master, what ever you desire Master." And with amazing ability that
proved she was probably very used to wearing both the extreme shoes and arm
bondage, fuckmeat managed to propel herself into a standing position before
bowing to me and then beginning her mincing, hobbled walk across the room, but
this time towards a long bank of built in cupboards across the back wall.

We all watched her make her way to the cupboards, open a drawer underneath one,
and carefully remove a gleaming set of nipple clamps, joined by a silver chain. 
She placed these on her small silver tray and made her way back towards me,
taking small steps in her hobble chained toe shoes, until she was standing back
in front of me.

"Nipple clamps Master.  These have serrated jaws that will bite into the
nipples.  The jaws are adjustable, so that maximum pressure can be placed on the
nipple."

"They'll do."  Turning to my new slave Sarah for the first time in several
minutes, I gave her an order.  "Put the nipple clamps on fuckmeat, and make sure
they hurt as much as possible."

Without questioning me at all, Sarah replied "Yes Master" and took the nipple
clamps from fuckmeat's silver tray.  Before putting the clamps on, Sarah gently
stroked her Aunt's already hard nipples (fuckmeat must really enjoy torture) to
ensure that they were completely erect.  She then opened the jaws of first one,
then the other clamp, and settled them near the top of the nipple, before
adjusting the spring settings to their maximum bite.  Fuckmeat grimaced at the
incredible pain, but didn't cry out.  Finished with her task, Sarah quietly
settled back down on her knees, resuming her submissive posture.

"Do those hurt fuckmeat?"

"Ye... Yes Master, they hurt very much."

"Good, that's what we all wanted isn't it?"

"Yes Master."

"Now, I would like another beer if you don't mind."

"Yes Master, as you wish Master."

At that, fuckmeat began the walk back to the kitchen, the chain between the
nipple clamps forced to sway by the exaggerated walk required of her ankle
hobble and 9" heels. 

I was really beginning to like being here at the cottage.  What had Roger called
it again, oh yeah, Paine Grove.

The click clack of high heels told me that fuckmeat was coming back with my
beer.  She presented it to me on the silver tray, bending deeply at the waist. 
After I took the beer, I reached out and grabbed the chain on the nipple clamps,
and gave it a good yank.  Fuckmeat grunted, but said nothing more.  When I let
the chain go, she stood up, and very respectfully asked "Is there anything else
this dried up old whore can get for you Master?"

I looked to the kneeling Sarah on the floor, lifting her chin to look deep into
her eyes.

I saw complete submission there.  She was mine to do with, as I liked.  At that
moment our entire lives changed.  I became her Master and she became my
property. 

Without turning away from Sarah, I said, "Yes fuckmeat, I want you to being me a
collar."

With the echo from the maids high heels walking back towards the cabinet, Sarah
and I both realized that our new lives were about to begin.




Chapter 3 - Sarah's Collaring

Fuckmeat returned from the storage cabinets at the back of the room with her
silver tray again held in her right hand.  On it was a thick leather posture
collar, similar to the one that both she and cuntmouth wore, although this one
had short, gleaming, stainless steel spikes mounted around the top edge of the
collar, pointing upward.

"This is a novice collar Master," fuckmeat said.  "It trains a new slave to keep
her head in the proper position, or else she will feel the pain of the spikes
pressing into her neck."

Taking the collar from the tray, I turned to my kneeling slave and fastened it
around her neck.  Fuckmeat had picked the right size, as it fastened snugly
without being overly tight.

"I will have to find out what your proper slave name is, but for now, I will
just call you 'property'".  As I said this, Sarah, property, looked at me and
smiled the sweet contented smile of someone who has just discovered all that
their future holds, and is totally at peace with what will come.

"This may be the last time that you have the opportunity to speak freely slave. 
Do you have anything that you would like to say?"

Sarah bowed her head, and in her sexy voice responded, "Yes Master, property
would like to say something.  I am truly happy that I have found you, and that
you are taking control as my Master.  There is no one that I love and trust
more, and I will be the happiest slave in the family knowing that I belong to
you.  You are my Master and I am your slave.  I give you everything that I have,
and respectfully request that you take full possession of your property.  I am
yours Master."

With that, Sarah leaned forward and kissed my feet, grimacing slightly as the
spikes on the collar dug into her neck, but continuing with the show of respect
despite the pain.

After she straightened back up into her kneeling rest position, I once again
looked around at the other people in the room.  Roger had turned his sister /
slave cuntmouth's head to watch the spectacle happening before them, and they
both smiled as their sister joined the family as a participating slave, rather
than an onlooker.  Fuckmeat the maid / aunt also smiled with pride as her niece
joined the family of Masters and slaves.  Turning towards me, fuckmeat asked,
"Master Joe, may this piss drinking whore say something?"

"Go ahead cunt!"

"Master, my sister is Master Roger, cuntmouth and Sarah's mother.  I was present
when Sarah was born, and I know the name that Master George give to Sarah as her
slave name."

"Out with it then, so that we can all call the slut by her proper name."

"Master Joe, Master George named his first born daughter painslut."

Turning back to Sarah, I said "By accepting the collar, you have accepted your
rightful place as slave, and my ownership as your Master.  From this day
forward, you will be know to one and all by your slave name painslut."

"Master, may this worthless pig speak again?"  My new slave was already slipping
into her role with ease.  She must have spent so much time being around slaves
growing up that she already knew her proper place.  I didn't have the same
experience, but I was a quick study.

"You may speak whore."

"Master, painslut is honoured to become known by her first given name, and as
the slave to Master Joe.  Master, painslut respectfully requests that the
collaring ceremony be completed by suffering the punishment she has earned for
not telling you the details of her family life earlier.  Please Master, painslut
should suffer for this slight to her Master."

It appeared that her Father had made the correct choice when he named her.  Our
new relationship was going to be very enjoyable for me, and very painful for my
new slave.

"Very well, let the pain begin."

To be continued.  Chapter 4 will be Pain Games.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  GroveMaster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





