BDSM Library - Romance!




Romance!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dr. Chan has a system for converting contrary females into perfect fucktoys.
		ROMANCE!

		 A Heart-warming Tale of Family Values and Filial Affection!

				By Llabmik

				Author's Note

	A few of you perverts may recognize Dr. Chan from one of my other stories, A
Tale Of Chinese Torment. This, in case you missed it, was my typical meandering
tale of hideous horror, sexual torment and gruesome Grand Guignol. Originally,
Dr. Chan figured prominently in it. I had to cut out all of the chapters set in
his wonderful Blushing Blossom Counselling Centre as they didn't go well with
the rest of the story (not gruesome enough). Once I had separated these chapters
from the Twisted Tale of Torment (my habitual genre, I've never written anything
else), I experienced a supreme shock. With trembling hands, I realized that I
had produced a Romance! This is an incredible stretch for a writer with my track
record.

	Romance! The most widely read literary genre of all time, stunningly
popular, a sure cash cow and read almost exclusively by women! I couldn't
believe it! Wow! The big time at last!

	Well, sure, the story features a strong blend of torture, humiliation,
psycho-sexual degradation, water sports, bestiality, sexual abuse and toilet
training, but all relationships have their little problems, don't they? Without
conflict, there can be no story! What makes it a Romance is that all the women
end up ecstatically, multi-orgasmically happy and deeply committed to at least
one hard-humping relationship - every last one of them. What could be more
Romantic?

	To see how a middle aged pervert writer finds Romance at last, read on,
gentle reader...




	Chapter 1 - A Visit To The Psychiatrist

	Dr. Chan listened carefully. A high ranking Minister in the Glorious
Communist People's Republic of China (whew!), the man on the couch had serious
family problems.

	It was the same sad story re-enacted with pathetic, disheartening regularity
world-wide. His wife of many years no longer loved and respected him. She had
turned into a sharp tongued shrew, instead of the warmly supportive woman he
craved. A man in his position desperately needed the right sort of wife to get
ahead and she was letting him down badly. A divorce was messy and could be a
political disaster (and everything is politics in a Communist country). 

	His teenage daughter was always defying and belittling him. She sided with
her mom, and occasionally outdid her, in denigrating, sarcastic verbal abuse of
her over-achieving father. This confused and disheartened The Minister. Everyone
else respected and, indeed, feared him. Why couldn't his own family?

	The Minister sat up and looked earnestly at the learned Doctor Chan of the
famed Blushing Blossom Counselling Centre.

	"My sad and sorry home life is interfering with my work for the Party. It's
damaging my career and hurting my efforts to accomplish the ultimate goal of
Communist World Domination!"

	Dr. Chan nodded sagely and sympathetically. He had heard it all before, a
very familiar tale of woe. The Minister spoke desperately.

	"Can you help me, Doctor?"

	Dr. Chan steepled his hands and looked thoughtful.

	"Are your wife and daughter in good health?"

	The Minister nodded and spoke sadly.

	 "They are in excellent health and have years (decades even!) of
pestilential paternal torment left in them! What's a man to do?"

	Dr. Chan laughed merrily and clapped the Minister on the back.

	"No problem! Send the bitches to me!  I'll sharpen them up!"




	Chapter 2 - Field Work

	The Master Torturer, Master Wong, was doing some field work, away from his
beloved dungeons and soundproof cells. It was very late at night. The pretty
tour guide was on her knees in the deserted parking garage with her back to a
pillar. Her wrists and crossed ankles were tied together behind her on the other
side of the pillar. Master Wong patted her on the head affectionately. She
looked up at him in deep dread.

	"You've been a very naughty girl."

	He put his black medical bag down, opened it and withdrew a squirt bottle of
vinegar.

	"Tell me about your activities for the C.I.A."

	The pretty tour guide shook her head and spoke words that to Master Wong
were very familiar and, yet, always mistaken.

	"I know nothing! Honest!"

	Master Wong sighed theatrically. He inserted the nozzle of the squirt bottle
up the pretty tour guide's nostril and squeezed. Her sinuses exploded as the
vinegar ate into them. The pretty tour guided choked, coughed and gave out small
whimpering cries as she tried to clear the burning vinegar from her achingly
inflamed sinus membranes. Her head pounded in anguish. Master Wong spoke in a
kindly, but firm tone, as though to an erring child.

	"All you have to do is tell me all about your C.I.A. involvement."

	Master Wong's eyes twinkled kindly, exuding compassion.

	"Once we get past this, I've arranged sponsorship for you at the Blushing
Blossom Counselling Centre. Once you've told me what I want to know, you will be
sent to Blushing Blossom for rehabilitation. Believe me you will come out of it,
physically completely intact, but, mentally, a completely changed woman!"

	Master Wong was so kind that he didn't even mention that her sponsor was a
gross pig of a Propaganda Officer, the Party's man at the Tourist Bureau that
the lovely tour guide worked out of. This was a man she privately referred to as
a vomitous shit-licker. She would be in his tender loving care after her
rehabilitation.

	"I know nothing!"

	He inserted the squirt bottle and sprayed vinegar up her other nostril. The
pretty tour guide blubbered hysterically as every sinus cavity she had was
pulsating in pain. He withdrew a Q-tip and a pair of tweezers from his black
medical bag. The pretty tour guide paid no attention, gripped totally by the
ultimate in pounding sinus headaches.

 	Master Wong was a sensitive man, deeply into relationships. He firmly
believed that the most intense relationship of all was the excruciatingly
intimate one between a torturer and his sobbing victim. Achieving a confession
for a man sensitive to his victim's needs was simple. It was all a matter of a
flexible, responsive technique. His pretty victim had been softened up. It was
time to move it up a notch.

	He squirted a small quantity of vinegar onto the Q-tip. With the tweezers,
he peeled back the pretty tour guide's eyelid and began swabbing vinegar onto
her eyeball. The pretty tour guide shreiked shrilly as the new pain was layered
on to her existing anguish, pushing her skilfully beyond her ability to resist.
As a woman will, she opened up to a knowing, sensitive man and began telling him
all.

	"I'm to meet these two blond Americans on my next tour, a mother and a
daughter, named Lynn and Amber. I don't know their last names. As I guide them
around the sights of China for the next two months, they collect information
from various operatives and sympathisers and bring it back with them to the
Unites States. They are very beautiful, so no one questions them at the border
as they leave and flirt with the customs officials. I'm told that they are quite
skilful smugglers."

	Master Wong smiled and made a small request as he untied his sobbing victim
with the teary, tightly shut eyes and running nose. Badly shaken and completely
broken, the pretty tour guide stripped naked, bent over and opened her heinie
hole to his stiff sausage, as a token of her esteem for such a sensitive, caring
man.




	Chapter 3 - Selling The Program

	The Minister spoke patiently.

	"It's a mandatory program. The immediate family of High Ranking Officials
have to attend. It's given at a fabulous resort equipped with every luxury. It's
supposed to help you handle the stresses and pressures unique to families of
High Ranking Party Members."

	His wife looked at him sourly.

	"Well, living with you is stressful enough!"

	She looked thoughtful.

	"Given in a resort, eh?"

	She eyed him suspiciously.

	"This isn't another rah rah, hooray for The Party, piece of crapola, is it?"

	The Minister was inwardly horrified (the wall have ears on occasion, even at
his level). Outwardly, he was reassuring.

	"No! No! It's just a few hours a day of classes and sharing experiences with
the other women in the morning. Then you can enjoy the facilities for the rest
of the day. There's a beach, all sorts of sports facilities, a beauty spa, free
make-overs, concerts and plays in the evening."

	He produced the brochure that Dr. Chan had supplied him with.

	"See! This doesn't look so bad! It's more a perq for being related to me."

	His daughter rolled her eyes at this, while his wife snorted derisively.
They both looked at the extremely attractive brouchure, however.

	"Free make-overs!"

	"A beauty spa!"

	His wife narrowed her eyes to slits and glared at him fiercely.

	"OK, but if this turns out to be one of those stupid, lame, Party propaganda
efforts, I'll make you wish you were never born! You think you have it tough
now? If I'm not totally satisfied with this, you'll be eating shit for the rest
of your miserable life! Clear?"

	The Minister swallowed hard and nodded.

	"It's perfectly clear, my dear. Don't worry, you will never complain about
having taken this trip!" 




	Chapter 4 - Mother and Daughter in True Confessions

	The Master Torturer considered the American spy carefully. Recently
captured, both mother and daughter loudly protestedtheir innocence. They had
been turned over to him for a quick and complete confession. Master Wong had
chosen to work with the mother as she would likely know more, breaking Lynn
first would yield the most information, perhaps all he needed. He would get to
the delectable Amber afterwards.

	The lovely blond was still dressed in the clothing she had been wearing when
captured. Her white silk blouse, blue knee-length skirt, stockings and black
high heels made a fetching ensemble. He had secured her to a heavy wooden chair
strongly resembling an electric chair. She was clamped to the chair by ankle
cuffs, a waist strap, a chest strap, a studded leather collar and a strap across
her forehead, all cinched tight. Her forearms were strapped snugly to the arms
of the chair. The chair was bolted to the floor. Lovely Lynn was going nowhere.
She looked up at Master Wong anxiously.

	"Look, do you speak English? I can tell you nothing. I know nothing. This is
all a terrible mistake!"

	The soft spoken Master Wong smiled pleasantly and chided her gently.

	"It would be pointless to have someone who didn't speak English interrogate
you! We know far more than you suspect. Playing dumb bunny won't work. Just tell
me what you know and you will avoid a lot of unnecessary pain and suffering."

	A skilful actress, Lynn gave him her best 'little girl lost' look.

	"But I know nothing! It's all a mistake! If you mangle and disfigure me it
will all be for nothing and very bad publicity for your country!""

	She looked at him with beguiling helplessness. Unfortunately for her, this
brought out all the wrong Wong instincts. He spoke reassuringly.

	"Don't worry about being mangled or disfigured. I will leave no lasting
marks. It will all be over very quickly and you will be eager to tell me all."

	He knew that this would encourage Lynn to resist, thinking that all she had
to do was tough it out for a little while and she'd be home free. She looked at
him defiantly.

	"I know nothing! You can't make me tell what I don't know."

	The Master Torturer corrected her gently.

	"You will soon tell me things that only the truly guilty could know."

	Lynn snorted derisively.

	"Not possible!"

	Master Wong selected a long, sharp pin. Lynn felt pretty sure that she could
stand having pins jabbed into her. She steeled herself while Master Wong
explained.

	"This is sort of reverse acupuncture. There are nerve centres in the body
that, when jabbed, can produce the most excruciating pain. The one I will be
working with is in your face. Your American Mafia know of this one. They
sometimes crudely probe a vicitim's face for this nerve centre using an ice
pick."

	Lynn braced herself for what seemed to her to be oriental bullshit. Master
Wong looked at Lynn affectionately.

	"Unlike your Mafia, I am highly skilled. I know exactly where to insert the
needle."

	He stroked her cheek, carefully feeling for the correct spot. Without
hesitation, he jabbed in the needle.

	Lovely Lynn screamed shrilly and peed in her panties. Master Wong
thoughtfully worked the needle. Lynn screamed higher and harder as the
brain-piercing, white hot agony became the core of her existence. It felt like
her face was melting, being eaten away by a searing flame. He kept her screaming
in anguish a good long time, unable to formulate a coherent thought while the
fierce, fiery pain possessed her. At last, he removed the needle.

	The right side of Lynn's face was completely slack and paralysed. Her right
eye was rolled upwards and her right eyelid was twitching. It would wear off in
a while, but for now she could only speak out of the left side of her mouth. The
right side was slack and drooling. Master Wong gently wiped the drool from her
chin and listened to her lisping confession.

	After she had told him everything and they had gone over it painstakingly a
few times, he released her from the chair and made a simple request. She didn't
even bother asking about other options. Completely broken, Lynn was totally
compliant. She stripped off her clothes and daintily stepped out of her
urine-soaked underwear, gloriously naked and, yes, she was a natural blond.

	Humbly, she bent over and opened her rectum to his greased weiner.




	Chapter 5 - Fresh Meat

	"Behold, our latest arrivals, student protesters fresh from Tianenmen
Square. Unwittingly, these students have just signed up for our Female
Re-education course. Of course, to be admitted to the Blushing Blossom Centre,
each of these lovely young women must have a sponsor, a trusted Party member to
report to when they are released, someone who will supervise them closely and
guide them intimately."

 	Dr. Chan gestured at the row of naked co-eds, each floating in her own glass
sensory-deprivation tank. Tethered spread-eagled, their young faces completely
covered by the breathing masks, blinders and earmuffs, each was completely shut
out from the world. Protruding obscenely from between parted thighs, thin tubes
drained their bladders and other, thicker tubes were inserted anally to flush
their young bowels of any accumulated nastiness. A thick vaginal plug had been
inserted to seal any menstrual ugliness in. It also gave each beauty a
none-too-subtle forewarning of things to come after her days in the tank.
Deprived of all sensation and denied any human contact, they floated helplessly.
A plasma drip taped to the crook of the elbow provided tasteless nutrition.

	The tour group could see the throats of several of the naked beauties
working as they screamed silently in their tanks. Dr. Chan smiled.

	"This is the first step. It's quite traumatic and claustrophobic for the new
arrivals. They are sedated and wake up sightless and deaf, floating helplessly
in an eerie, inhuman world. The only sound is their own screams and even that is
distant and scary. They soon stop. The water is heated to body temperature,
blood heat, so they feel nothing. It drains them of all energy. Days of sensory
deprivation wipes their minds clean, like a blackboard being cleared for the
next lesson. Of course, the drip contains a cocktail of mind-melting designer
drugs carefully combined to maximize the terror and trauma. Even the haughtiest,
snottiest bitches are totally wiped and, emotionally, rendered deeply
vulnerable. All are pathetically eager for reassurance and human contact when
they are removed from the tank."

	Enquiring minds wanted to know.

	"How do you keep their skin from shrivelling up like prunes?"

	Everyone loved watching the naked bitches float helplessly on display for
everyone to see. The tour groups of the Party Faithful were always curious about
the details of their degradation. Dr. Chan cleared his throat, always happy to
explain his life's work.

	"Why don't they shrivel up? An excellent question! The water contains oils
to lubricate. We can't keep them in the tank for more than a week. After a long
time in the tank with no exercise, they deteriorate physically. As it is, when
we take them out, they are as weak as newborn kittens and quite easily handled."

	"How do you know when to take them out? It must vary a bit from subject to
subject."

	"Another excellent question! It's hard to see under the breathing masks,
blindfolds and earmuffs, but electrodes monitor their brainwave patterns. We
have discovered the precise pattern that tells us the exact moment when they are
most suggestible and ready for the next step which, as you will soon see, is
quite strenuous. It does, as you say, vary from female to female. If we leave
them gibbering claustophobically in the tanks too long, they are rendered
permanently insane. A very astute question indeed!"

	Dr. Chan was always flattering to the Party Officials who funded his
delightful program. Some of them took the tour regularly. Dr. Chan suspected
that it was to see nude, nubile, fresh meat being brutally tenderized, but was
too tactful to say so. After all, who was he to criticize?

	In the next room, a private one for the bigwigs, The Minister watched his
wife and daughter float naked in their tanks. His wife had just given up
screaming. A tough, strong-willed, bitterly sarcastic woman, she had screamed
for a lot longer than his daughter. His teenage daughter had surrendered to the
mind-wiping experience almost immediately. His wife was a very different story.
He had enjoyed watching the old bitch scream her lungs out silently behind the
glass. It had done his heart good to see her slowly, reluctantly give up and
cave in to the mind-numbing horror of pure nothingness. In a wonderfully
symbolic moment, the clear plastic tubing between her legs quietly, and quite
visibly, pumped the shit and piss out of her.

	Stepping in briefly to pay his respects while the tour took refreshments,
Dr. Chan was deeply gratified by The Minister's smug smirk. The healing had
begun.




	Chapter 6  - Noosed!

	Master Wong, the Master Torturer, liked changing the decor in his office
regularly. Today, his office had a brand new adornment.

	In the centre of the room, the daughter of the celebrated mother-daughter
American spy team,  sweet honey-blond Amber, stood barefoot in her track suit.
Her wrists were bound behind her back. A wire noose was snugged around her
throat. Master Wong, the Master Torturer, cranked up the noose until lovely
Amber was up on her tiptoes. Master Wong liked a woman with shapely feet. The
American spy's small feet, with their pretty painted toenails, were perfect as
they arched up to take her weight. Amber's baby blues bulged as the strangling
wire bit into her throat.

	"What do you want?"

	Master Wong raised a warning finger to his lips, shushing her.

	"If you say one more word, I will crank you up so that your feet leave the
ground completely!"

	He sat down at his desk and began to write a report on the interrogation of
her mother. Lovely Amber was in superb physical condition. It was a while before
she began making the small strangling, gasping, choking noises that indicated
that her calf muscles were cramping up and giving out. Master Wong looked up
expectantly.

	The sight of Amber's congested purple face, her bulging bloodshot eyes and
her wet, pink tongue just starting to protrude, warmed the the old torturer's
heart and his lower regions as well. He stepped over to his victim. The pain of
her aching, cramping calf muscles was etched onto her gasping, plum coloured
features. A wide circle of sweat stained her tracksuit around each armpit and
the small of her back as well. Her tight, quivering buttocks and the backs of
her trembling thighs were sweating nicely too. Master Wong breathed deeply,
savouring the sharp, pungent odour of her fear-sweat. The front of her top had
an oversize zipper down it, just begging a man to unzip her and grope the
goodies. Master Wong smiled pleasantly. 

	"Your mother told us everything we wanted to know, so you have nothing
further to offer in that department. What I want from you will be very
different. You may speak now."

	Poor, strangling Amber then choked out the classic words that are dear to
any torturer's heart.

	"I'll do anything you want! Anything at all!"

	Master Wong nodded agreeably.

	"Would you like me to unzip your top so you can show me the goodies?"

	As a university student, cheerleader and international spy, young Amber was
a sexually knowledgeable young woman.

	"Absolutely! I'd love to show you the goodies! Maybe afterwards you could
let me down and I could do a bit more for you? I'll give you a blowjob, a
handjob, whatever you want. I'm very flexible and athletic. I know lots of great
positions."

	Master Wong smiled, a very happy man indeed. Life can be extremely kind to a
man who has made a wise career choice.

	"Being let down is a privilege that must be earned, though you're making an
excellent start!"

	Master Wong pulled on the oversize zipper. Amber turned out to be one of
those brazen, well-endowed beauties that don't wear a bra. Pert pink nipples
capped her quivering tits. Master Wong smiled appreciatively. He hooked a finger
inside the waistband and pulled the front of her panties and sweatpants out. He
peered down at the tuft of golden pubic hair.

	"Very nice! A natural blond, just like your extremely co-operative mother!
Do you want to feel my hands inside your panties?"

	"There's nothing I would like better!"

	Master Wong slipped his hands inside and squeezed her firm young buttocks.
He parted her tight buns and fingered her rectum. He dipped down the front, ran
his hands through her fine pubic hair, delved deeper and felt along her slit. 

	"Do you want me to pull down your panties?"

	"I would love you to pull down my panties!"

	He pulled them down to her slim ankles, noting her quivering, rock-hard calf
muscles, knotted in agonizing cramps. Choking and strangling, her strength
beginning to fail her completely, Amber then made him an offer he couldn't
refuse.

	"If you let me down, I'll be able to spread my legs nice and wide. I'll even
bend over and take it up the ass if you like!"

	Master Wong grinned broadly.

	"Do you think you could spread your legs and entertain some of my friends as
well?"

	"I'd be delighted to entertain your friends!"

	He let her down and Amber delivered. Her bowels filled with his sperm,
Master Wong trotted her down the hall to meet her new playmates. Amber looked in
surprise at the two leatherclad bull dykes with the oversized, ribbed dildoes
strapped to their crotches. Master Wong gave them a joking little introduction.

	"Meet Bambi and Thumper. They don't speak any English, but what they want is
obvious."

	Amber swallowed hard as the two oriental leather bitches surrounded her, one
in front and one behind. Master Wong was encouraging.

	"You said that you would spread your legs nice and wide for my friends?"

	Amber took a deep breath and spread them. Her baby blue eyes widened as a
greased over-size dildo penetrated her fuckhole more deeply than any man could
and spread her cuntlips achingly wide. The ribs rasped her cunt as the leather
bitch started a slow, steady, deep reaming pump. She opened her mouth to the
bull dyke's questing tongue and squealed into the woman's mouth as her buttocks
were parted and her burning asshole was opened impossibly wide...

	In a room down the hall, her mother, the lovely Lynn, gasped as the
hard-faced guard penetrated her. Mindful of her promise to Master Wong to make
sure that each of the guards came inside her and deeply fearful of the
consequences of failure, Lynn wrapped her legs around the guard's body and
locked her ankles behind him. She squeezed her thighs against the hard thrusting
guard's sides to tighten her cunt and scrubbed her naked breasts against his
thin, bare chest. She ran her hands over his body, groping and squeezing lewdly,
as she snaked her tongue into his mouth.

	She knew that she and her daughter were to be shipped to something called
the Blushing Blossom Centre but, in the meantime, they had to earn their keep at
Master Wong's fine establishment.




	Chapter 7 - Prepped For Pleasure

	The spectators looked down expectantly through the glass ceiling of the
operating theatre to watch Doctor Chan work his surgical magic. The stainless
steel operating table rose to a small bump in the middle so that any bodily
fluids would drain outwards from the centre into the gutter that surrounded it.
The naked female protester was strapped belly-down on the table. Her shapely
legs were spread wide by the ankle cuffs. Another strap was cinched tight around
her waist to hold her down. Her bare torso arched up from the table. Her chin
rested on the top of a padded T-shaped bar. The head clamps were fastened to the
bar and held her head securely for the operation. Her wrists were cuffed to
either end of the T.

	The nude protestor was totally exposed. The audience could see it all. Her
perfect nipples were erect with fear. Between her parted thighs, her small slit
looked nice and tight. Her mouth was wrapped around an O-ring, really a short
length of pipe strapped in place, with grooves in the top and bottom for her
small, white teeth. The bottom of the pipe acted as a tongue depressor,
preventing any meaningful comment from emerging from the patient. It also
prevented her from swallowing her spit, so a steady dribble of drool ran from
her mouth, oozed onto the table and drained into the surrounding gutter. The gag
graciously allow her to scream, drool and vomit freely.

	Dr. Chan smiled up at the audience. He squeezed the bum of his patient
reassuringly.

	"Don't worry, honey. This day will change your life and you'll be forever
grateful to me!"

	The audience chuckled as the protester said something into her O-gag,
presumably in the way of protest and outrage. It was hard to tell just what she
was saying. It emerged from the gag as meaningless baby-talk babble. Nobody in
the audience cared. Her protest and outrage would be a thing of the past after
the operation. Dr. Chan was always delighted to explain this, the crux of his
method. The rest was really just enjoyable window-dressing. He held up his
gloved hands for silence and got it.

	"It is well known that the human brain brain possesses both pain and
pleasure centres. After years of experimentation on political misfits like this
stupid bimbo here, these have been mapped and can be reliably located in
anybody. The technique is fairly straightforward. We hammer a small tube through
the skull. We thread an electrode though the tube and guide it to the exact
location of a pleasure or pain centre so that we can electrically stimulate it
at will. We insert four electrodes: two to pleasure centres, two to pain
centres. The second set of pain-pleasure electrodes is just back-up for the
first set."

	He grinned at his horror stricken patient.

	"We use no anaesthetic as the brain has no pain receptors and can't directly
feel pain at all. The skull has a small number of pain receptors so our patient
will feel no more pain than a woman getting her ears pierced. Some of you people
may worry that the skull will shatter if something is driven into it. That is
what happens when you try to drive something into a cadaver's skull. It
shatters. A living skull is very different. It's a lot like hammering a nail
into wood, really. It's a technique that has been used on laboratory animals for
years."

	He held up something that looked like a nail gun.

	"I have designed a special tool for punching the slim tubes through the
skull. It's a lot like a nail gun delivering a very precise blow, with just
enough force to seat the small tube flush with the surface of the skull. The
nurse will shave four exactly placed small areas on the patient's head, each
area a few centimetres wide. They will be completely masked by her hair after
the operation."

	The specially trainined surgical nurse, smiling prettily for the audience,
used a straight razor to shave four precise areas on the moaning patient's
skull.

	"Now we drive in the tubes."

	Dr. Chan aimed the gun carefully. The nude patient squealed and flinched
violently four times as he squeezed the trigger, planting a tube in each of the
four places. A stream of urine ran down the table between her wide-spread legs
and into the gutter.

	"Nothing to it! Now, we  insert the electrodes. First the two pleasure
electrodes."

	He carefully threaded the slim electrodes through the tubes.

	"It's easy to test if we have positioned them properly. We simply apply a
small current to the electrode."

	He suited the action to the word. The protester's pupils dilated as she
flushed brick red and moaned ecstatically. Her cuntlips were fully distended:
wet, red and dripping for action. She shuddered, her naked body taut and
straining in repeated mindless, pornerastic orgasm. The audience applauded
enthusiastically.

	"Let's try the other pleasure electrode."

	He turned off the juice and the protester's body went limp. He flipped on
the other electrode and she tightened once more in unbeatable orgasmic ecstacy.

	"Now we plant the pain electrodes."

	He suited the action to the word.

	"Now we test them."

	Twice, the sweating, nude protester jerked insanely, screamed impossibly
high and shit herself. The nurse hosed her down after they were done.

	"Now, we cap the electrodes. Skin will grow over them and cover them
completely. The amount of current needed is very small and is supplied through
inductance."

	Applause rang out enthusiastically for Dr. Chan, a man who produced the most
eager to please bitches in the world. It was definitely a miracle of modern
science.




	Chapter 8 - Father Knows Best

	The Minister fed his naked, squatting daughter his dick. She gave skull like
a pro, licking and sucking just the way Daddy liked it. His wife had her once
proud face buried in his butt crack, tonguing his rectum. Responding to his
daughter's skilled ministrations, he unloaded quickly. His daughter gulped it
down eagerly and licked him clean. His wife watched enviously as The Minister
pulled out his daughter's remote control. The two buttons were coded to his
fingerprints so nobody else could operate it. He pressed the button marked O.
His daughter's pretty face went slack and she trembled in the grip of obscenely
huge pleasure. He gave her a good blast and then removed his finger. His
daughter was now wearing his favourite perfume, Eau De Cunt. He turned sternly
to his wife.

	"It's time to inspect the quality of your house-cleaning."

	He spoke sweetly to his adoring daughter.

	"Put on your stockings and high heels and fetch the strap, honey. You're
going to paddle mommy's bare bum if she's been bad."

	He had laid off the housekeeping staff. His wife was charged with keeping
everything spick and span in return for the odd jolt of ultimate pleasure. The
house gleamed.

	He inspected his wife with reluctant approval. Before her stay at the
Blushing Blossom Counselling Centre, she had been a flabby, middle-aged matron
who had let herself go physically. Now she exercised fanatically three hours a
day, just because he had promised her a jolt a week if she did. Her body was
tight and buff, the body of a woman twenty years younger. His wife was already
wearing stockings, high heels and nothing else. She wasn't wearing any Eau De
Cunt perfume because her husband kept her on short rations. He gave her enough
to keep her motivated but no more than that. As a result, she bitterly regretted
her former treatment of him. Her own daughter had called her a stupid cow
because of it and her own daughter was right. As a direct result of her stupid,
callous former treatment of him, her daughter slept with Daddy and she slept on
the hard wooden floor beside the bed, listening to them fuck.

	The Loyal Daughter sauntered saucily in her high heels flicking the leather
strap playfully, smirking like the trampy slut that Daddy loved her to be. She
adored helping her Daddy, the master of the Big O, put her stupid mother through
her paces. She sauntered behind Daddy while he put on the white glove and ran it
over every likely surface. He finally hit paydirt on the top of a high door
sill. He held his gloved finger up to his wife's disappointed face. There was
dust on it. She had missed a spot. He smiled into her dismayed face.

	"Bend over, darling. Five strokes."

	His wife dutifully bent over,touching her lacquered fingernails to the toes
of her carefully polished high heels.

	"We're going to have a little contest, sweetie-pie."

	He beckoned to his smirking daughter who was taking vicious looking practise
swings with the leather strap.

	"I'll give you a taste of the Big O if you make her cry out."

	He turned to his wife. He slapped her playfully on the rump.

	"I'll give you a taste if you don't."

	He whispered something in his daughter's ear. She sniggered. Her normally
naughty smirk grew very dirty indeed.

	She positioned herself carefully. Her years of private tennis lessons had
given her a wicked swing. The first stroke connected with her bent over mother's
buff buns with a sound like a pistol shot. Her mother's mouth opened, but she
bit it off before any sound emerged. A bright red welt appeared. Daddy's
smirking girl laid the second one exactly on top of the first. Her mother
staggered forward with the force of the blow, biting her lips to keep it in. Her
daughter laughed delightedly.

	"Mommy wants it bad, daddy."

	She laid the next two strokes on in rapid succession with a sound like two
firecrackers exploding. Tears were streaming down her mother's face, but she was
holding it in. Daddy's liitle girl winked saucily at daddy and sniggered at what
was coming next. He ruffled his wife's head affectionately, something she used
to hate, but now she said nothing, accepting it.  He squatted down and
cheerfully cupped her teary face in his hands.

	"For the last stroke, I want you to spread your legs nice and wide while
your loving daughter shows you how effective all those golf lessons were. If you
can accept it in complete silence, I will give you five whole minutes."

	She looked at him, her face twitching apprehensively.

	"I want eight minutes."

	He laughed delightedly.

	"I'll tell you what. If you can stay quiet, I'll give you five minutes.
After that, regardless of what happens, if you bury your face in your
multi-orgasmic daughter's muff and make her cum ten times, I''ll give you
another two minutes."

	His wife's eyes glistened greedily, her naked hunger for the Big O reflected
in the unholy lust in her face. He didn't need the pain button. Her greed for
the Humungous Orgasm drove her relentlessly. It was the ultimate drug, once
tasted, completely addictive.

	"Done!"  

	With truly depraved eagerness, his wife spread her legs, her slit making a
lewdly inviting target. Daddy's little girl took some brutally vicious practise
swings and then stepped up to address the ball. Lining up her shot carefully,
she drove the strap hard with the deceptively easy stroke of an experienced golf
pro.

	The Minister watched as, with a sound like the crack of a small cannon,  his
obscenely positioned wife was lifted into the air, clamped both hands over her
burning crotch and landed rolling on her back, panting hard but saying nothing.
Her glistening eyes gleamed triumphantly as she stared hungrily at the remote
control in his hands. She spoke, her voice coarse with lusty anticipation.

	"Gimme! Gimme!"

	With a good-natured laugh, he pressed the button and she was humming in
unbelievable ecstacy. The daughter laughed as her drooling mother was bathed in
Daddy's favourite Eau De Cunt perfume. She unzipped Daddy and reached playfully
into his pants. She gave him her innocent little baby look as she stroked his
very familiar cock with extremely experienced fingers.

	"Got some for me, Daddy?"




   	Chapter 9 - Graduation Exercise

	The mother-daughter team of American spies sat primly in their chairs
flanking the podium on the stage while the learned Dr. Chan gave his
demonstration-lecture to the hard-core sponsors of his patients, happy to show
them the sort of fuckbeasts they would soon command. Lynn looked fetchingly
demure in her severe, tailor-made business woman ensemble: below-the-knee navy
blue skirt, white silk blouse, form-fitting navy blue jacket, sheer stockings
and gleaming black high heels. Her daughter, Amber, looked totally ravishing in
her cheerleader outfit. Both were classic full-figured, lightly tanned,
California blonds. Each held an American flag in one hand and a picture of the
President of the United States in the other. The captured American spies looked
up at Dr. Chan with deep and total respect.

	Dr. Chan concluded his introductory speech.

	"So you see, gentlemen, we have come a long way from the crude, but
effective brainwashing techniques of the fifties. A modern, carefully
orchestrated program of alternating sensory deprivation and sensory overload,
sleep deprivation, reward and punishment, supplemented by perception-altering
medication, coupled with traumatic psycho-sexual abuse modalities and
electroshock aversion therapies can produce dramatic and permanent results in
very short order, but the real kicker is pain and pleasure centre control."

	Put like that, it hardly sounded simple, but Dr. Chan definitely produced
results, as he was about to demonstrate dramatically. He gestured at the
American beauties to his left and right.

	"These spies have only been in this clinic for only two months, but their
minds have been molded completely. From being treacherous American spies to
becoming Chinese counter-intelligence agents fanatically dedicated to the
Chinese Communist cause is a complete reversal of their upbringing and training,
but they have been changed absolutely and irrevocably. Courtesy of some deft
impersonations on the tour, the C.I.A. knows nothing of their tragically aborted
mission. Two months has been sufficient. We have arranged a clandestine trade of
these two for their two twins at the end of the tour. The C.I.A. knows nothing
as we return two undercover moles to them. Undercover moles who betrayed their
whole China network or at least a large chunk of it! All very hush-hush. You
didn't hear it from me!"

	The crowd of High Party Officials laughed genially. Dr. Chan's work in
'counselling'  dissatisfied wives of High Party Officials was legendary. His
ability to transform a disgruntled, highly critical harpy into a highly
motivated, deeply committed, warmly supportive spouse had earned him the
gratitude and respect of many Highly Placed Officials. The fact that these same
women had been converted into sexually knowledgable, randy little fucktoys was a
very welcome side-effect.

	It was time for the demonstration. Dr. Chan spoke dramatically into his
microphone.

	"First, I would like to introduce a bevy of beautiful co-eds, eager to
resume their education, deeply repentent of their stupid and malicious protest
activites in Tianenmen Square, eager to study under the tutelage of you, their
sponsors."

	The co-eds marched on-stage, each wearing an identical schoolgirl uniform:
white blouse, pleated plaid skirt, navy blue kneesocks and black penny loafers.
Each young beauty carried a bucket and each stopped next to her own gleaming
stainless steel pole, slightly less than waist-high, projecting up from the
floor. The tops of the two-inch wide poles were smoothly rounded. They were set
in a semi-circle around Dr. Chan and the two blond Americans.

	"These girls have practised a little routine, symbolic of their eagerness to
abandon their old, bad ways and embrace the brilliant, Communist future, of
which they will be an integral part."

	He looked sternly at the former protesters.

	"These girls have been very bad."

	The semi-circle of coeds looked down at the floor, bowing their pretty heads
humbly in deep shame. Dr. Chan spoke reprovingly, a headmaster rebuking errant
children.

	"Take it off and assume the position, young ladies."

	Not too surprisingly, they all turned out to be the naughty sort of
schoolgirl who didn't wear any underwear. They removed their blouses and skirts,
folded them neatly and piled them on the floor. They stood, brazenly facing the
audience, a yummy selection of prime pussy showing their sponsors exactly what
they had to offer, clad only in kneesocks and penny loafers.

	In unison, they turned around and touched their toes. As taught, their
shapely legs were slightly parted, so that their tight young cunts and assholes
were nicely displayed to the smirking audience.

	After allowing a few moments for the audience to savour the delectable
tableau, a row of soldiers marched on stage, each holding an enema kit. Each
young beauty had her bowels flooded with warm soapy water. The soldiers marched
offstage as the beautiful coeds stood, their nude bodies sweating, bare buttocks
dimpled prettily, their rectums clamped tightly shut, desperation visible on
their pinched faces as each struggled hard to hold it in. Dr. Chan took his
time, speaking slowly and dramatically.

	"Each of these young ladies has been symbolically filled with the poisonous
ideas of Capitalism and Free Enterprise. Note that this doesn't make them truly
happy, quite the reverse. Each is desperate for relief, but is too proud to
admit that they are quite literally full of shit."

	The audience loved it. They applauded enthusiastically as the pretty coeds
danced desperately on stage, bare tits bouncing, red-faced, wide-eyed, their
small fists clenched tightly, straining mightily to hold it in. As several of
them began to lose the struggle, a small brown trickle running down the backs of
their thighs, Dr. Chan, at last, relented.

	"They come to my clinic and are purged! Shit squat over your buckets,
ladies! Show the audience what Capitalism and Free Enterprise are truly like."

	Several of the girls sobbed gratefully at being given the opportunity to
shit in front of a large audience. They all quickly spread their legs wide and
squatted down. Warm, runny shit squirted thunderously from between beautifully
rounded assglobes. The relief was tremendous. Soon they were all crying and
sobbing. Dr. Chan waited patiently as they voided themselves completely.

	"OK! Wipe your bums, ladies, and put the covers on your buckets."

	The soldiers came, handed each beauty a roll of toilet paper and a bucket
cover. The squatting girls wiped themselves clean, tossed in the used toilet
paper and snapped the covers on their buckets. The grinning soldiers removed the
buckets from the stage. Dr. Chan continued his wonderful tableau.

	"The young ladies are purged of evil, but they are far from done! They must
embrace the future, symbolized by the shiny pole next to them. They must become
one with the future!"

	The audience sniggered expectantly. The glistening poles had been well
oiled. The young ladies had been carefully and exhaustively rehearsed. Unlike
The Minister, Dr. Chan believed in both reward and punishment. The young
lovelies had both screamed in agony and gibbered in drooling, dribbling ecstacy.

	They placed their hands behind their heads and arched their backs
dramatically, showing off what a fine pair of full melons each possesed. Being
Chinese, they tended to be honeydew melons rather than watermelons, but on the
other hand, they had nothing to be ashamed of. Each straddled her pole and
lowered herself carefully, inserting the pole between their cuntlips and
squatting down, impaling herself neatly. They squatted down until their slits
were resting against a small crossbar set lower down in the pole. Dr. Chan
helpfully explained.

	"Each of our repentant protesters has been carefully measured. The crossbar
represents the maximum possible penetration of her vaginal passage. Six inches
above the crossbar is a black ring. The young ladies feel this as a bump in the
pole. They will now squat fuck the pole, riding up and down the full six inches
from crossbar to black ring. Their squat fucking is symbolic of how they
shamelessly and brazenly embrace the future."

	The coeds began pumping up and down in unison, moaning prettily with each
thrust of the pole. The black ring appeared and then disappeared between their
legs as it was swallowed and buried deep inside a tightly stretched cunt. They
squat fucked the poles shamelessly, giving every appearance of wanton enjoyment.
This continued for an appreciable length of time to a continuous ripple of
applause and a murmer of deep approval from the crowd. Dr. Chan clapped his
hands commandingly.

	"OK, ladies. Go all the way down and stay down while our mother and daughter
team of American blonds give a demonstration of THEIR total obedience and
eagerness to please."

	The young beauties impaled themselves fully and smiled prettily in a
semi-circle around the blonds, who were sitting primly with their hands folded
demurely in their laps. Dr. Chan smiled warmly at the mother. Lynn smiled back
radiantly.

	"Lynn, step forward and take off your clothes. Strip down to your stockings
and high heels. Show the gentlemen what you have to offer."

	Completely broken and trained to complete obedience, Lynn stepped forward
without hesitation. She peeled off her jacket, blouse and skirt. She folded her
clothing neatly over the back of her chair. Her black lace bra and silk panties
joined them.

	"Stand with your legs spread and put your hands behind your head, Lynn. All
the goodies should be nicely on display for our distinguished audience."

	Her big breasts lifted enchantingly as she put her hands behind her her
head. The tuft of silken hair between her legs proclaimed her a natural blond as
she stepped to the edge of the stage and spread 'em wide, exhibiting herself
shamelessly.

	"Amber, it's your turn to join your mother. Strip down to your white socks
and running shoes."

	Lovely Amber peeled with alacrity. The buxom cheerleader was soon standing
next to her mother, legs spread wide, at the edge of the stage, brazenly
displaying her goodies to a deeply appreciative crowd. Each possessed the same
classy chassis: above and below, from pert pink nipples to pouty cuntlips, the
two high-breasted beauties were superb, totally fuckworthy females.

	"Ladies, fetch your country's flag, place it on the stage and squat over
it."

	Amber and Lynn were soon squatting over their beloved Stars and Bars.

	"Pee!"

	They opened their bladders and committed one of the most shameful, depraved
acts that an American citizen could possibly commit: peeing on their beloved
red, white and blue flag. The audience was deeply impressed and somewhat
shocked. This was powerful training and discipline indeed.

	"Stop!"

	Obediently, the two squatting lovelies squeezed it shut and the yellow rain
ceased.

	"Fetch the picture of the President of the United States. Put the picture on
the floor, turn your back to the audience and squat over the picture."

	Amber and Lynn each fetched a picture and proceeded to commit perhaps the
second most heinous act an American citizen could commit.

	"Shit!"

	Without hesitation, the two squatting beauties began straining to excrete.
Thick brown snakes	were extruded from their wrinkled rectums.   Soon, each had
shamelessly deposited a large, steaming turd on the smiling, slightly vapid face
of the President while the stunned crowd watched, jaws agape. The audience was
deeply impressed, knowing how much childhood training and education had to be
wiped out to enable an American citizen to commit such a deeply repulsive and
totally disgusting atrocity. These two women were truly beyond the pale, totally
in thrall to Dr. Chan.

	"I want each of these women to further demonstrate their complete obedience.
Lynn and Amber, kneel on the stage, put your finger down your throat and vomit
up your last meal as completely as you can. I want to see the dry heaves to
prove that there's nothing left in your stomachs. Keep at it until I tell you to
stop."

	Amber and Lynn humbly dropped to their knees and began yorking up their last
meal onto the stage. Soon it was all up. They continued, red-faced and retching
hard. Their big breasts were shaking violently and their taut bare bellies were
quivering delicately as their fingers continued to stimulate the powerful gag
reflex. At last, Dr. Chan relented.

	"Stop!"

	The two American spies stopped gratefully.

	"Now, I want each to lick up the other's puke."

	The two beauties had been gang-banged, strangled and fucked over in every
way imaginable as part of Dr. Chan's brutally ruthless training. There was no
hesitation. They changed places and their wet pink tongues quickly slurped up
every drop of the vile-smelling vomit.

	"Now we bring out the pigs."

	Two very large pigs were trotted out.

	"Lynn and Amber, you know what to do."

	They  assumed the position, dropping to their hands and knees and spreading
their legs invitingly. The well-trained porkers surged forward eagerly,
glisteningly erect. A pig's penis is pencil thin, but very long indeed. The pigs
effortlessly achieved full penetration, grunting and squealing happily . It was
hard work, but Amber and Lynn did their best to look totally enchanted as they
were pig-fucked while the audience watched, the squirming heads of the pig
penises wiggling deep inside their cervixes. The big pigs humped hard. Just
supporting the weight of the massive porkers was hard work. Drops of sweat flew
from their nipples as their tits shook like jello.  An ejaculating pig produces
an amazing amount of cum. Amber and Lynn gasped and groaned as the pigs unloaded
copiously inside them, sliming them thoroughly inside and out. They stood
together once more, on the edge of the stage, shapely legs spread wide, rivers
of piggy peckersnot running stickily down the inside of their thighs. It was
very thick, glutinous stuff. It would be days before their cunts were clear of
it. Dr. Chan smiled. He held up the master control switch.

	"Good work ladies and now for a small reward."

	He pressed the button and the auditorium was filled with the smells and
sights of moaning, shamelessly rutting females. He removed his thumbs from the
switch and had a stage full of naked beauties with big, stupid grins on their
pretty, vapid faces.

	"OK! Stand up, Ladies. Everyone take a bow."

	The squatfuckers stood. Each pole came out with an audible pop. All the
beauties were glistening with sweat, having humped hard under the hot lights.
They bowed prettily and sauntered saucily offstage, bare bums twitching
beguilingly. The American beauties went last, as befitted foreign scum.  

	Dr. Chan smiled happily as the audience rose to its feet and gave him a
standing ovation. They loved him. The man was a true monster of depravity, a
real bitchbuster. He raised his hands for silence.

	"That ends the demo, the graduating exercise so to speak. All of you are
invited to come back at any time for one of my regular tours. If you wish to see
again how these remarkable results are accomplished, my secretary will be happy
to arrange it.  If any of you gentlemen would like to interview either of the
blonds in private before we return them to their so-called intelligence agency,
my secretary will handle the booking. Of course, back in the Excited States
these fine counter-intelligence agents will be in the care of deeply beloved and
respected handlers who will have the special remotes to reward and punish them
as befits their performance in the field."

	He smiled cheerfully and cleared his throat, reluctant to part with his
adoring fans.

	"The other young lovelies are anxious to make amends for their sorry,
shameful behaviour in front of the eyes of the world at Tianenmen Square and
have penitently offered to provide any service asked for by their esteemed
sponsors, each of whom will have their own personal control, keyed to their
fingerprints. From sullen, ungrateful, defiant bitches they have been
transformed into perfect little fucktoys eager to show their gratitude to the
country that raised them and, to you, the people who run it and make it all
possible."

	The audience roared it's approval of this fine, patriotic sentiment. Several
of them were eagerly looking forward to Communist World Domination so that they
could get full access to a rich supply of California blonds and make them among
the happiest women on earth.


			Author's Postscript

	Hmmm! On re-reading this, I find that, alas, I have missed the mark! This
story has elements of a Romance (for example, all the men are jerks), but it is
missing a pure-as-the-driven-snow, ultra-virtuous female lead with whom all
those moist-eyed female readers can identify. This is, sadly, a fatal flaw! I
think that I got over-excited because I didn't snuff or mangle anybody.

	Well, this tender-hearted story where everyone lives happily ever after
seems to be only a temporary aberration. The story I am currently working on
takes place in a Nazi Medical Experimentation Facility and there's not a happy
ending anywhere in sight. It looks like the dementia is over and I'm back in the
groove (whew!).

	If you have any comments, feel free to send them to me at
Llabmik69@yahoo.com.

	Happy Humping!!!! 

	Llabmik




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Llabmik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





