BDSM Library - The Bottoming of Nina




The Bottoming of Nina
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The dominant woman got to know the secret relationship of her neighbor mother and daughter, and she provided a chance for the daughter to fulfil her darkest fantasy.
This story-file is expressly written for adults 
only, it contains adults themes and explicit, sexual 
descriptions. If you are not over 21 years old, OR not 
interested in, OR forbidden to read explicit, sexual 
(erotic) content, exit, close, remove this file now.

The following story is a work of fiction, a 
fantasy. All the characters are made-up, fictitious, 
and only exist in this fantasy. The following story 
depicts consensual sex and bondage play between adult 
woman.

In this story you will find:

	Lesbian sex, domination, submission, bondage, 
anal intercourse and incest.

	( FF bd anal inc toys cons rough )
	
	If you are interesting in learning more about 
safe, sane and consensual bondage play there are many 
good non-profit sources of information on the web, 
here are two:
	
	http://www.nla-austin.org/sop.html
	http://www.nla-austin.org/domestic.html
	
If this is not your scene, now is the time to bail.. :-)
	
The bottoming of Nina. 01 {darkblossom} 
(FF bd anal inc toys cons rough)

Comments welcome!    darkblossom@_remtosend_altavista.com
Remove '_remtosend_' to send.




The bottoming of Nina.
by darkblossom.

	
	Sarah Perkins takes the subway train downtown. 
Tonight she is happy. After toiling for nearly fifteen 
years in the big city she has finally found the 
perfect apartment. A charming four-story brownstone, 
located near the fashionable lower-east side on 11th 
street, between 3rd and 4th avenue. 
	
	Tonight she plans on finishing her unpacking and 
relaxing after a busy day at the office. Little does 
she know that this is just the start of an incredible 
odyssey, of Sarah's introduction to a remarkably 
submissive young woman named Nina. Sarah will come to 
introduce this lovely young woman to an exacting and 
exquisite form of bondage training. Sarah will become 
Nina's first real lesbian Mistress.
	
	As the train rattles downtown Sarah notices two 
beauties sitting across from her on the train. A 
blonde and brunette looking quite cute in their proper 
business attire. Sarah becomes amused, imagining 
herself as their dominating Mistress. She visualizes 
the cuffs and collars she would lovingly fasten on 
them. How their pliant youthfulness would yield 
completely to her especially demanding appetites. She 
checks her appearance in the reflected image of the 
subway car's dark window. 
	
	For 39 years old Sarah is in incredibly good 
shape. She's on the tall side with a powerfully built 
body and long legs, carefully maintained by serious 
daily workouts. Sarah has a pretty, if somewhat 
angular face with high cheekbones and straight auburn 
hair with just a slight hint of silver. There's time, 
she thinks, time for it all the fun. She needs to 
first finish unpacking. Then she'll setup a lengthy 
session with her girlfriends. Over the years Sarah 
Perkins has been part of a small group of gay women 
friends (and lovers) who trust each other explicitly 
in a sometimes brutal and indifferent city. Her group 
serves as a kind of protective oasis, where they can 
freely and safely experiment with themes of bondage, 
domination, and obsessive pursuits.  
	
	The months go by, spring turns into summer. Sarah 
settles into her cozy downtown apartment. She's enjoys 
her new home, which is basically a modest two bedroom 
apartment, but considered huge by New York standards. 
She likes the warmth of the place, the hard wood 
floors and big front and back windows that let in a 
lot of light. All her stuff, basically a ton of books, 
lightweight but comfortable furniture and specialized 
bondage equipment, fit well in the new place, giving 
it a welcoming if somewhat cluttered look.
	
	Early one summer night Sarah relaxes with a glass 
of wine in her small kitchen. Sitting at her table and 
looking out the back window she can catch a tiny bit 
of the setting sun. She reflects on her life; how hard 
she works as a manager in a high-powered market 
research firm, how she has less and less time to spend 
with her girlfriends as the demands on her job never 
seem to end. That makes her sad, for she really enjoys 
her special sessions with her girlfriends, much more 
than spending endless hours at the office.
	She enjoys the coolness of the evening, the 
winding down, most folks ending their workday, getting 
ready for dinner. Her new apartment is very quiet. 
	
	Then she hears it.
	
	A very distinctive moaning, coming from somewhere 
beyond the thick plaster walls of her apartment. At 
first she thinks she must be going nuts. But then she 
hears it again. The groaning, coming from a woman, 
somewhere inside the apartment building. Only when 
Sarah is perfectly still and quiet does she hear it, 
barely, on the edge of her perception. She quietly 
walks around, trying to get a better fix on where the 
sound is coming from. But it appears to have stopped 
as suddenly as it started.
	
	Over the next few days she hears it again, 
tantalizing her senses, off and on but usually at 
night. She hears not only moaning, but other sounds of 
vigorous lovemaking as well, always just a little out 
of her hearing range. She begins to take more notice 
of her neighbors, trying to figure out who it is. She 
doesn't know any of them beyond a polite nod in the 
hallway, nor does she expect to. She's on the second 
floor of the four story building, each floor has three 
separate apartments. In the apartment to the her left 
lives two pretty Hispanic women, one older and one 
much younger, possibly related, she surmises, judging 
by their similar features. To her right lives an 
elderly white man, who Sarah believes is called Joe.
	
	She tells her friends about this intriguing 
disturbance. Polly is a friend of hers who happens to 
be a nurse. She gives Sarah a stethoscope during a 
lunch time rendezvous.
	
	"Listen Sarah," Polly informs her while snapping 
her chewing gum. "It's an excellent tool for listening 
through walls, but sometimes it's better to leave well 
enough alone, getting information this way can be 
dangerous."
	
	"Don't worry baby, I can handle it," Sarah tells 
her friend with more confidence then she actually 
feels.
	
	Sarah ignores Polly's advice, of course. The 
muffled nightly moans and groans is driving her crazy, 
plus she's curious, very curious, over who's having 
all this wild sex right in her own building.
	
	Next Friday evening and Sarah is at home with her 
newly acquired stethoscope. She sits in her living 
room and waits, quiet as a mouse. Sure enough the 
groaning starts. Sarah knows from past experience that 
the sound won't last forever so she stands and listens 
intently. The muffled moaning seems to be slightly 
louder from the apartment on the left. The one with 
the two Latin beauties, the implications are quite 
intriguing.  
	
	Sarah puts the stethoscope on her ears and places 
the flat metallic disc against the wall on the left. 
She's instantly surprised and excited by how much 
louder and clearer the breathy moaning and groaning 
is. She homes-in on the woman's groans by sliding the 
disc along the living room's over painted plaster 
walls. She runs into the corner of the room and must 
go into the hallway to continue her quest. 
	
	The hallway moves her away from edge wall of the 
apartment. She goes into the small hallway closet and 
continues listening along the outer wall. Now the 
lovemaking sounds are very distinct through the 
stethoscope's earphones. She moves the device's disc 
along the bottom back wall of the closet and hits the 
sweet spot!  By keeping perfectly still in a crouched 
position, way in the back of her hallway closet, Sarah 
clearly hears, via the stethoscope, everything going 
on in what she believes must be a bedroom in the 
apartment next door. A chill shoots down her back. She 
has never been much of a voyeur, preferring active 
participation over watching others have all the fun. 
But here she is, transfixed by the apparent sound two 
of women ardently making some very hot love in the 
apartment next door:
	
	"Ummmm, Ummm, Umm.Ooooh, Oh! Oh!"
	
	"You like the tongue no?"
	
	"Aaah! Oooh. Yes!"
	
	"Yes what?"
	
	"Yes, yes, mother, pleasssse!"
	
	"Hmmm, that's it. Yes, yes, Nina, aren't you a 
good little girl!  Yes! Baby, in we go!"
	
	"Oh, oh God! Ooooh! Ga-ga-ga-gaaaawd!"
	
	Sarah listens very carefully for next half hour 
and is very intrigued by what she hears. Apparently 
these two beauties in the next apartment seem to be 
mother and daughter! They are clearly the ones 
responsible for the nightly sounds of torrid love 
making. She sits entranced in the back of the closet, 
eavesdropping on the sounds of unrelenting incestual 
lovemaking right next door. She soon becomes heated 
herself as she listens. Her fingers slide down between 
her legs. A short while later Sarah orgasms against 
the closet wall.
	
	
	Over the next few days Sarah gets little sleep, 
she was a walking zombie at work. Every night she 
listens in on the amazing show next door. Over this 
time she learned that both mother and daughter seem to 
be sexual obsessed with each other; the mother very 
domineering and demanding, the daughter (Nina ?) 
provocative, submissive, pouty and very spoiled. 
	
	Going in and out of the building daily Sarah 
discreetly takes a closer look at the pair next door. 
Both mother and daughter are very pretty. They're 
dressed well in modest summer clothing. The mother has 
a pleasant face, shoulder length black hair and a 
curvy hourglass shape. The daughter is quite a prize. 
A Latino beauty with full lips, her mother's dark 
eyebrows, lithe and trim with long black hair down to 
her cute butt. They both have perfect light mocha-
brown skin.
	
	It's Tuesday night and Sarah is in the hallway 
retrieving her mail from her mailbox on the first 
floor when she hears someone behind her. 
	
	"Excuse me." Sarah turns to see the beautiful 
mother from the apartment next door.
	
	"Yes?" Sarah replies, nonchalantly as possible 
but intrigued.
	
	"Are you that new gal in apartment 2B?" The woman 
has just a slight hint of Hispanic accent. Sarah finds 
her completely charming. 
	
	"Why yes, I am."
	
	"Ooh, well then we're neighbors I live in 
apartment 2A, nice to meet you. My name is Lucia." 
	
	"Very nice to nice you too, Lucia? Right? My name 
is Sarah. I really love this building, it's quite a 
find." The two woman start climbing the stairs 
together.
	
	"Yes, yes, you know it's so nice to have another 
woman on the floor here. Would you be interested in 
coming over for a cup of tea. My daughter goes to 
dance school late on Tuesday and Thursday nights now. 
So, I don't have to make dinner or anything."
	
	"Why Lucia, that sounds like a lot of fun."
	
	And so begins the friendship of Sarah and Lucia. 
Every Tuesday and Thursday night Lucia would end up 
hanging around Sarah's place, drinking tea and waiting 
for her daughter Nina to come home from dance school. 
Sarah likes Lucia, who is warm and talkative. Over the 
next two weeks of evening teas Sarah learns much more 
about Lucia and her daughter Nina. Lucia is married, 
but has been separated from her husband for about ten 
years now. He's a businessman currently living in 
Argentina. He sends his wife and daughter a sizable 
check every month, so Lucia doesn't have to work that 
hard. Lucia's daughter, Nina, is twenty-two and a 
dance major at nearby New York University. Sarah gets 
the impression that Lucia hates being alone, even for 
a few hours. And that she and her daughter screw each 
other senseless just about every night. Lucia doesn't 
tell Sarah this, of course. Sarah gets this 
information from her special ringside seat inside her 
closet. 
	
	One Thursday night the ice breaks and Sarah finds 
herself passionately kissing Lucia on the couch in her 
apartment. Wine has since replace tea, and Sarah has 
been getting the right vibes from Lucia for a few 
evenings now. They become lovers, thought, just on 
Tuesday and Thursday nights. Sarah notes with great 
amusement that her time with Lucia hasn't put a dent 
in Lucia's lovemaking with her own daughter. 
	
	For Sarah there's two types of lovers. One where 
she is the dominant one, leading all the action. And 
the other type, where the leading and following is 
evenly split among equals. Her lovemaking with Lucia 
falls into this last category. Lucia refuses to be 
dominated, but instead meets Sarah's leading with her 
own direction. The results for both woman is hot, 
fantastic lovemaking. Lucia is especially attracted to 
the wide array of bondage gear Sarah has setup in the 
second bedroom. 
	
	After one Thursday evening of particularly hot 
sex, Sarah and Lucia cuddle together, sweaty and 
naked, in Sarah's bed.
	
	"Hmm, Sarah?" Lucia coos, nuzzling Sarah's neck.
	
	"Yes my horny one."
	
	"I think you're the best, the absolute best. I 
really love making it with you, you know so much."
	
	"I'm very glad you like it, keeps ya coming back 
for more." Sarah says and smiles, dreamily staring up 
at the ceiling while caressing Lucia's curvy soft 
back. 
	
	"Yes, yes. You know I have a little confession to 
make."
	
	"Lucia, please. You can tell me anything, I hope 
you know that."
	
	"Well yes, hmmm. How to say this? Well, you see, 
I have a very special relationship with my daughter, 
Nina, you know?"
	
	"Your daughter, yes.."
	
	"Yes," Lucia giggles nervously. "You see about 
six mouth ago we starting sleeping together, you know, 
just for comfort. But then." Lucia pauses 
dramatically, "We started making love, and now we 
can't stop. My daughter you see, she is very 
beautiful, very special, but also quite a little sex 
freak. She wants to get into some really kinky stuff."
	
	"Really!"  
	
	"Yes, yes. I know it all sounds strange, but 
that's what happened. And now, Sarah, I think it would 
be very good if you joined me and my daughter. You 
see, she's been having fantasies about being with a 
big, strong woman."
	
	"Now wait a minute Glory. Lets think this 
through."
	
	"Yes, yes. I know, its all crazy, but it's can 
could be very, very splendid."
	
	Sarah and Lucia hatch a plan. They're going to 
bring Lucia's daughter, Nina into their lovemaking in 
a very unique way.
	
	
	
	The next Friday night Sarah waits, not so 
patiently, in her living room. It's a hot summer night 
in the city. All the plans are made, all the equipment 
setup and in place. She is extremely excited over what 
she and Lucia have planed for little Nina tonight. 
	
	There's a knock at the door. Finally, it's really 
going to happen, Sarah thinks to herself. She jumps up 
and steps out of her apartment to find a smiling 
Lucia.
	
	"Are we all set?" Sarah whispers.
	
	"Yes, yes." Lucia giggles quietly. "Please, 
please, come in."
	
	Sarah gently closes her door and follows into 
Lucia's apartment, closing the door behind her.
	
	"Is she ready? Does she know I'm here?" Sarah 
whispers again.
	
	"Yes, she's ready, quite ready, and no, she has 
no idea your here. So sit down and be quiet and I'll 
go fetch her." Lucia walks down the hallway towards 
the bedrooms.
	
	Sarah sits down discreetly on a couch in Lucia's 
spartan living room. Lucia hates clutter. The living 
room consists mainly of two facing white-leather 
couches, a thick-pile area rug covering the floor 
between, a comfortable armchair and a lamp. A large 
gym-type equipment bag has been placed next to one 
couch, and large mirror is attached to the back wall.
	
	Sarah looks down the hallway, an amazing site 
emerges. Lucia leads a completely blindfolded Nina 
down the hallway. The blindfold is a thick black scarf 
that she and Lucia tested earlier, it does a great job 
of blocking all vision for the wearer, especially as 
it's currently triple wrapped around the girl's head. 
	
	 This is the first time Sarah has gotten a really 
good look at Nina. And what a wonderful morsel she is! 
The blindfolded young woman has full sensuous lips, 
currently fixed in a slight pout. Her face is perfect, 
light coppery brown with the same slight angular 
roundness that her mother has, but with a cute button 
of a nose. Her luxurious long black hair is tied back 
with a bright pink ribbon. Sarah sees that the young 
woman walks proudly upright, confident, even though 
Nina is blindfolded. Sarah also observes that the 
young woman stirs with nervous, tentative energy.
	
	"Mom! What the fuck is this all about?" Nina 
whines to her mother as she's lead into the living 
room. "Let's just use the bed, it's much more 
comfortable."
	
	"Just bear with me dear, I think you'll like this 
a lot." Lucia says as she leads her daughter to sit 
down in the armchair.
	
	"Oh all right!" Nina pouts, and perches on the 
end of the armchair, her hands neatly folded in her 
lap. Lucia takes a seat on the opposite couch from 
Sarah and smiles up and her.
	
	Sarah finds to be Nina lithe, but not overly 
skinny, with a well-toned dancer's body. The young 
woman has nice, peach-sized breasts and lovely long 
legs. She wears a respectable white blouse with a 
modest knee-length red and blue checkered skirt. The 
very idea that Sarah will soon be touching, feeling 
and intimately consuming this young thing sends her 
heart racing. And what a mouth on the girl! Sarah 
muses to herself that the little beauty is quite 
reactive and vocal, what fun!
	
	"Mom! I can't see anything through this scarf! 
This is so silly. What are we suppose to do now?" 
	
	"Well baby," Lucia patiently explains to her 
blindfolded daughter. "Remember how we discussed 
bringing in other women into our lovemaking?"
	
	"Umm, YY-yes, Mom." Nina exhorts impatiently, 
tapping her foot nervously.
	
	Nina's Mom looks directly at her daughter. "Well, 
I found someone. I'm going to lend you out to her for 
a few days, as a kind of special treat."
	
	"What! L-lend out? A woman? Mom! W-when is this 
going to happen?"
	
	"Right now baby." her mother replies. "We're 
going to start this right now."
	
	"Mom, h-how? Umm, I-I, w-what do you mean by," 
Nina trembles, "b-by s-special treat, and-and l-l-lend 
out?" The blindfolded young woman shifts 
apprehensively in the chair.
	
	"Why honey, I'm going to lend you out as her sex 
slave, of course!" Lucia smiles mischievously at her 
daughter. "Nina baby, knowing how your dirty mind 
works I'll bet you're already getting wet!"
	
	"Oh Mom! God! I am!" The blindfolded young woman 
shifts and stiffens, her face reddening and heart 
pounding. "I'm going to be a real s-sex slave! W-when 
am I going to meet, ummm. Ar-are you're going to ca-
call tis l-l-lady now?"
	
	"No baby, she's already here, sitting across from 
me right now, giving you a good look over."
	
	A tremor passes through Nina's body, she gulps. 
"Mom! A-a w-woman? Right here in the living room?" 
	
	Nina can't believe her mother has done this, 
taken their special `sessions' to another level 
entirely. It was only a few weeks ago that she 
confided to her mother about her obsessive fantasy of 
being sexual dominated by a another woman.
	
	Nina knows her mother very well, whoever this 
strange woman in her living room is, she'll be 
beautiful and strong. It's actually going to happen! 
Nina thinks to herself, she's going to have sex with a 
woman besides her mother! This is so wild, so sordid, 
she's excited just thinking about it! She shivers with 
impatient anticipation, wishing her mother didn't put 
this damn blindfold on her. She wants to at least see 
what this woman looks like!
	
	"Hi L-lady? W-who are y-y-you? Do you think your 
really up to handling me?" Nina jeers with 
overconfidence.
	
	"Now baby, listen to me," Nina's Mom pipes in. 
"If you want to continue with this you'll have to 
trust me. This woman is a very, very good friend of 
mine. For now I'm not going to tell you her name. It's 
probably best if you just call her Mistress".
	
	"M-mistress?"
	
	"Yes, baby, Mistress. You see she's a real expert 
in domination, bondage and all that good stuff. I 
thought it would be fun watching you rigorously 
trained as a real sex slave for a few days. I've told 
our guest here all about you and me," Lucia carefully 
informs her daughter. "How prim and proper you are on 
the outside, but once you get home you turn into 
slutty little hornball who fucks her own mother."
	
	"Mom! How could you! Oh, t-this is really going 
to last a few days? Mother!"
	
	"Yes, baby, that's just for the first session," 
her mother responds calmly. "We have the whole 
weekend. I can guarantee that your Mistress is quite, 
quite capable. She's going to do the most amazing to 
your body. There is much she will teach you. She has 
all your safewords. The same rules apply, you can stop 
anytime, just as usual. If it's all to much baby, we 
can stop now. What do you think?"
	
	"Wow! Mom, Oh Mom!" Nina murmurs. Sarah is amused 
is see a shiver run through the young woman. 
	
	Nina can't believe this is really happening. That 
her mother would introduce a stranger into their 
special relationship. Despite herself, Nina is getting 
more turned-in by the thought of being a sex slave to 
a strange mistress woman.
	
	"Umm, lady, oh. Um, I mean M-m-mistress?" The 
blindfolded girl inquires timidly from the chair.
	
	"Yes?" Sarah replies off-handily, slightly testy. 
Nina flinches, hearing Sarah's voice for the first 
time.    
	
	"W-what would you do to me? As you know my mother 
and I have a very special relationship together. Do 
you really think you can match that?" The blindfolded 
young woman taunts Sarah provocatively.
	
	"Yes my little bitch, I will more than match it. 
 From what your mother tells me you're quite a little 
freak. You are obviously in need of some very serious 
discipline," Sarah replies, getting off the couch and 
approaching the blindfolded girl. 
	
	"I will be honest with you, your quite pretty. 
With a youthful body like yours I will do everything 
to you that I can. The works; a healthily dosage of 
oral and anal sex, dildos, special restraints and the 
like. You'll be in some kind of physical bondage for 
the next few days. This will allow me to fully explore 
and experiment with all your little slutty holes, 
every inch of your yielding young body will get my 
personal attention. I see that you have a dancer's 
physique, good muscle tone and probably good 
flexibility, this will increase the ways in which I 
will experiment with and use you." Sarah paces around 
the seated girl. "Nina, I know this is a lot.and it's 
all happening very fast, but your mother and I need an 
answer now. Should we proceed today, or should I come 
back another day. Or we can call the whole thing off."
	
	"Oh, it's sounds, so, so, umm, so wicked." 
Another shiver runs through the blindfolded young 
woman seated at the armchair. She takes a deep breath. 
Having ferocious sex every night with her Mom is one 
thing, but with another woman? A stranger that her 
mother dredged up? Who she can't even see because of 
this stupid blindfold! "M-mom, you'll be there all the 
time?" 
	
	"Yes, sweetie, at least in the beginning," Lucia 
replies from the other side of the couch. "I'll be 
watching your initial breaking-in. I wouldn't miss it 
for anything!
	
	"Ummm, Um. Okay." Nina takes a deep breath. "Okay 
then. M-mistress lady, l-lets do it. I-umm. I'm all 
yours." The blindfolded girl blurts out the words 
quickly.
	
	"Are you absolutely sure you want this? Are you 
sure you're up to handling what I'm going to put you 
through?" Sarah asks Nina in a flat deadpan.
	
	"Y-yes, I can handle it! Are you sure you can!" 
the young woman taunts back. Her voice wavering just a 
bit.
	
	"Don't you worry about me. You know how to stop 
if you need to, how to use the safeword."
	
	"Y-yes, yes I do," Nina replies.
	
	"All right then sweetcheeks. Lets get started." 
Sarah puts a mixture of authority and gruff into her 
voice. "Stand up and step forward so I can get a 
closer look at that lovely body of yours."
	
	"Oh, oh, all right," the girl replies. Nina 
stands, slightly wobbly, and somewhat tentative 
because of her blindfold and excited state. She gets 
quickly up and steps forward. Sarah circles the girl 
like a cat on the prowl.
	
	"Okay my little slut," Sarah commands, "cross 
your fingers and put your hands behind your neck and 
keep them there. I'm going to explore your body now. I 
don't want your hands in the way. Understand?"
	
	"Oh. Um, okay. Y-yes Mistress." Nina responds, 
trembling and shaking slightly. She slowly raises her 
hands and locks her fingers behind her neck, complying 
with the request. 
	
	"Your mother tells me you're quite an ardent 
little sexpot," Sarah positions herself directly 
behind the standing girl. "Hmm, Your quite lovely 
Nina. I'm going to thoroughly enjoy checking you out 
babycakes." 
	
	Nina jumps as this strange mistress woman slowly 
embraces her from behind. She gasps, the woman's 
strong hands grip her waist. The strange woman presses 
into her back. Nina shivers as the mistress lady's 
hands slide out over her tummy, over her hips, and 
then slowly up over her chest. She squirms and groans 
as long fingers gently glide onto her breasts. Nina 
arches back slightly against the strange woman 
embracing her, and trembles.
	
	For Sarah, Nina's quivering body feels simply 
divine under her probing hands. Sarah is about 5 
inches taller than Nina. Sarah presses into the girl, 
her hands further explore up and down the girl's trim 
and wonderfully pliant youthful body. Nina puts her 
head down and bites her lower lip. She's intensely 
aware of the strange woman's embrace and gliding hands 
touching her.
	
	"Why Lucia, I think I can understand why you 
starting fucking your daughter here. This little 
bitch's body is truly remarkable, so shapely, so 
firm." Sarah feels the blindfolded girl quiver as she 
continues. "Nina baby, I am going to enjoy completely 
fucking you out!"
	
	"Aaaah," Nina groans. She puts her head down and 
reddens, sensing the woman's breasts pushing into her 
back, and strange hands roaming down over her hips. 
She can't believe this is actually happening. This 
mysterious woman is about to become her lover! And her 
mother has told this woman all the private details 
their special relationship! Chills run down Nina's 
spine as the unseen woman clasps her from behind.
	
	"Yes, she's the greatest." Nina's mother responds 
to Sarah, enjoying the show from the couch.
	
	"So tell us slut, how many woman how you made 
love to?" Sarah asks, while her hands continue to roam 
over the young woman's trembling body. 
	
	"Ooh, umm, umm, j-just m-my mother," Nina 
stammers, her breath becoming a little ragged and 
uneven as the woman's hands continue caressing up ad 
down her chest, tummy and hips.
	
	"And how many boyfriends have you had?"
	
	"I umm, umm, I-I h-had just one, b-but we broke 
up a-a year ago."
	
	"Hmm." She nuzzles and gently kisses the girl's 
dark hair, it smells very fresh. "So, I guess I'm 
going to be your second lesbian lover, after your Mom, 
and you third lover in total. Hmm, that's sweet, very 
sweet. Are you sure your ready for this? Nina baby."
	
	"Oh yes, yes. I'm totally ready!" Nina gulps and 
whines impatiently.
	
	"All right then."
	
	"Oh! God, Ooooh!" The blindfolded young woman 
groans as Sarah's palming of her breasts becomes more 
intense. The older woman rubs her chin over the girl's 
head, then plants a series of soft kisses down the 
side of Nina's face. She nuzzles, licks and gently 
bites Nina's curly ear while roughly kneading, and 
squeezing the girl's peach-size tits through Nina's 
thin blouse. The girl's soft globes feel firm, 
exquisite to the older woman. 
	
	"Ooh l-lady p-please. Ooow!"
	
	Sarah is becoming heated. She lets go of the 
girl. Nina groans, but keeps her hands firmly behind 
her neck.
	
	Sarah walks around and faces the girl.
	
	"All right little slut, spread those lovely legs 
of yours now. I going to inspect your little pussy 
hole now." Sarah gently hooks one hand under Nina's 
knee to assist in moving the girl's legs apart. 
	
	"Oh God, Oh!" Gasping the young woman shivers and 
trembles, standing blindfolded, legs lewdly open, 
hands behind her neck. Sarah quickly gets on her knees 
in front of trembling Nina. The older woman wraps one 
arm around the girl's slim waist, and gently rubs her 
shapely calf with her other hand. Nina is wearing a 
pair of sheer dark stockings, which create a nice 
friction against Sarah's hand.
	
	"Hey babycakes, your Mother tells me you have one 
of the sweetest little pussy's she has *ever* known. 
She says you get quite, quite wet." Sarah slowly works 
her hand over the young woman's knee, under Nina's 
skirt, and then up to Nina's thigh. Sarah senses taunt 
tremors running up and down the girl's leg as her hand 
gently caresses upward.
	
	"Ow!" Nina gasps, feeling the strange hand moving 
under her shirt, traveling up her thigh.
	
	Sarah is impressed by how firm the girl's lithe 
legs feel. "I'm going to experience your little quim 
for myself now." 
	
	"Oh! Oh! Umm, o-okay. Ooow!" Nina trembles she 
senses the mistress woman's fingers slowly creeping up 
between her inner thighs. She can't believe this is 
really happening and badly wishes she wasn't 
blindfolded. She wants to see what this mistress lady 
looks like!
	
	Sarah feels Nina quiver as her hand slowly 
progresses up the girl's leg. Sarah is impressed by 
the responsiveness of the young woman. She can't 
believe her luck in finding this gorgeous mother and 
daughter team. This Nina is sweet and young, so 
cooperative, even if she is just a little whiny. Of 
course, the older woman thinks to herself, that can be 
quite fun in correcting.
	
	"All right Nina baby, my fingers are about do a 
little exploring into your sweet little pussy hole. 
Get ready baby! Here I come!."
	
	"Ooooow." Nina moans and trembles, standing there 
with her legs well apart, feeling the strange woman's 
fingers rustling between her legs.
	
	With one arm around Nina's dainty hips, Sarah 
holds the girl firmly in place. Her free hand slowly 
pokes under the girl's underpants. The older woman 
enjoys the delicious sensation of her fingers brushing 
between the thin elastic of Nina's panties and the 
young woman's downy pubes. Nina whimpers as Sarah's 
fingers gently slide under the cotton underpants. Nina 
emits a throaty, pouty sound as Sarah's hand gently 
cups over the girl's soft pussy lips. Sarah discovers 
Nina's vulva to be wonderfully puffy, moist and 
swollen. 
	
	"Hmm, why Nina, you little wanton slut, your 
pussy here is already moistened and we've barely 
gotten started!" Nina groans as Sarah presses her fore 
and index finger lightly between the girl's labia and 
gently pinches.
	
	"Oh! M-mistress lady, p-please. Oh m-my. Oooh!"
	
	"Hmm, I'm really enjoying playing with your 
little love hole here, it's quite delightful. I know 
many, many nasty dykes out there that would love to 
exercise such a prime piece of tender girl-pussy like 
this. Maybe your mother and I will start a little 
business on the side, pimping out your sweet ass to 
the entire New York City lesbian bondage circuit. 
Would you like that sweet cheeks?"
	
	"Oh! nooo. Oh God! Oh n-no Mistress, please!"
	
	"Well now, we'll just have to see about that. All 
right slut, I'm going to open you up a bit by pushing 
my fingers inside you now."
	
	"Ow, Oooow!" Nina gasps, her knees buckling 
slightly outward as the older woman rustles around 
inside her panties. Nina reddens and gasps, feeling 
the strange woman's finger pressing into her most 
intimate parts. She can't believe this is really 
happening! 
	
	Maintaining a tight grip around Nina's waist, 
Sarah peels open the blindfolded girl's luscious outer 
pussy lips with her fore and index fingers. She then 
slowly feeds the two fingers into Nina's slickened 
pussy lips. The petite young woman bucks and whimpers 
as Sarah's digits work their way forward, sliding 
between Nina's engorged pussy lips. Sarah feels the 
girl's soft, supple, tightness gripping her fingers. 
She thoroughly enjoys the feeling of  the girl's 
pliant soft quim against her fingers. The older woman 
slowly teases and plays her thumb over Nina's pointy 
clitoris. The girl murmurs as wild tremors shoot 
through her body. Her hips involuntarily pivot slowly 
up and down.
	
	"Well my little darling, my fingers are 
completely inside you now." Sarah wiggles her embedded 
fingers around inside the young woman and is amused as 
Nina responds with a whimpering groan. "Your little 
pussy is really gripping my fingers." 
	
	"Ooooh, Oh God!"
	
	Sarah slowly pumps her fingers in and out of the 
girl. Nina twists and moans, but maintains her 
standing splayed position. 
	
	"Nina baby, I'm about to become your lover, but a 
special kind of lover." Sarah looks up at her young 
charge while continuing her gently pistoning action 
inside the girl. "You and I are about to get to know 
each other extremely well. You're about to receive the 
vigorous discipline you truly need. I'm about to 
repeatedly fuck you using a wide variety of methods. 
I'm going give you a real body to body fuck. I'm going 
to fuck your pussy with a nasty strap-on dildo. And, 
you'll really going to like this babycakes, in a few 
moments I'm going to introduce you to the pleasure's 
of anal intercourse by penetrating your cute little 
bottom with a specially molded plastic plug designed 
to open up and loosen tight little asses like yours. 
Yes baby, yes! You're about to become my love toy for 
the next few days."
	
	"Ooooow," Nina whimpers and gasps as Sarah 
continues her manipulations. 
	
	"I must say that I enjoy watching a young woman 
like yourself in such an excited state. But we have to 
move on to bigger and better things tonight." The 
blindfolded young woman groans. Sarah withdraws her 
hand from the girl's quim, wiping her fingers on 
Nina's red and blue pleated skirt. Sarah gets up and 
stands in front of the rumpled girl. 
	
	Sarah gently rubs Nina's quivering tummy. "So, 
lets get these clothes off you now! They'll just get 
in my way of my exploration of your sweet body."
	
	"Oh God. Ooow. Oh okay!" The blindfolded girl 
stammers, gulps, nods.
	
	Sarah slowly begins unbuttoning the top of Nina's 
blouse. She can tell that the young woman is clearly 
ready for more action, her pussy is wet, and the poor 
thing is trembling and breathing hard from all the 
stimulation. Sarah deliberately takes her time 
undressing the girl. She slowly takes off Nina's 
blouse, letting Nina's arms down. She reaches around 
and unsnaps Nina's bra and slides it off. The girl's 
jutting pert breasts present a delicious appeal to the 
older woman.
	
	Sarah faces Nina and runs her hands up the girl's 
bare midriff. She brings her hands up and grips the 
girl by the armpits. Sarah lifts Nina to her tippy 
toes and arches the young woman backwards. 
	
	"Oh God! Ooow!" The blindfolded girl gasps as 
Sarah maintains her hold and leans down. The older 
woman gently plants a series of small wet kisses 
between Nina's exposed cleavage.
	
	Nina tilts her head back and groans. She trembles 
in the unseen woman's gripping embrace and feels soft 
full lips deliberately slathering over her now bare 
chest. Sarah softly kisses the base of the girl's left 
breast. The older woman presses her lips against 
Nina's apple-size bosom and opens her mouth wide to 
slowly suck in the girl's left breast.
	
	"Ooooh!" Nina stammers and bucks, her blindfolded 
head from flopping from side to side. She feels the 
woman's lips enveloping her tit. Her breast becomes 
wet and sloppy with salvia as it's fully engulfed by 
the questing mouth.
	
	As Sarah munches down she's rewarded by the 
sensation of the girl's nipple pushing along the roof 
of her mouth. The older woman's lips stretch and thin 
around the base of Nina's jutting breast. 
	
	Sarah growls with pleasure. The girl's supple 
bosom in her mouth tastes wonderfully soft and 
incredibly supple. She gently squeezes the girl's 
yielding firmness between her teeth and lets her 
tongues slather over the girl's nipple. Sarah pulls 
back, letting her lips slowly mold and wetly drag over 
the tender soft skin. Nina gasps as Sarah gently chews 
on her nipple. The older woman then deeply suckles on 
the girl's breast. Sarah finally breaks the sticky 
contact and repeats the process with the girl's right 
breast. Nina moans as the wet mouth engulfs and 
lathers over her right bosom. Finally Sarah leans up, 
breaking a thin line of spittle connecting Nina's 
nipple to the older woman's lower lip.
	
	"Well slut, your tits are quite, quite divine. I 
really enjoyed turning them into a fine little snack." 
Sarah releases her grip on the girl's underarms. Nina 
pants, coming down off her tippy toes. "Lets finish 
getting you bare assed naked so you can continue 
training as my little love toy."
	
	"Oow." Nina groans, becoming more excited. Her 
breasts are tingling and wet, slightly chilled and 
coated with salvia from the strange woman's mouth.
	
	Sarah unclips the front of the girl's skirt, zips 
it down and has Nina step out of it. She takes off 
Nina's modest shoes, quickly pulls down the girl's 
stockings, and then slowly rolls down Nina's panties. 
The girl's blindfold stays on, for now. Sarah is 
astounded, the girl's beauty is greatly enhanced now 
that nothing covers it up! Nina body is a gorgeous 
coppery-mocha brown, petite and exquisitely 
proportioned. 
	
	Sarah takes her time touching the naked vision 
before her. Nina puts her head down and huffs quietly 
as Sarah slowly explores and carefully inspects every 
curve, nook and cranny of the young woman's lissome 
figure. Nina cannot see through the blindfold but 
intensely feels the strange woman's warm fingertips 
moving over her bare skin. 
	
	The older woman slowly runs her hands up and down 
the girl's narrow back, thin waist, and over Nina's 
flared hips. Nina reddens and keens as Sarah runs her 
fingers down between the girl's ass cheeks, and down 
the insides of Nina's well-toned thighs. Sarah 
continues up the young woman's tummy, caressing over 
Nina's breasts, shoulders, neck and lips.
	
	"When slut, I have to say that I'm very please by 
what I'm see here. Now lay down on your mother's rug 
here, with your back on the floor, legs spread, and 
wait as I get undressed. I'm going to lay on top of 
you and give you a good proper lesbian bareback 
fucking little sluts like you deserve."
	
	"Oooh!" Nina quivers and complies with the order. 
She nervously lays down and spreads outs on the thick 
rug in the middle of the living room. She feels the 
rugs on her bare back and again wishes she wasn't 
blindfolded. Sarah quickly undresses, and lies down 
next to the girl. Lucia, Nina's Mom is watching from 
the couch, smiling.
	
	Sarah takes the young woman's wrists and hold 
them above Nina's head. 
	
	"Cross your finger and keep your hands here, 
okay?"
	
	"O-okay," the girl says in a gulped whisper.
	
	Sarah hands freely roam over the girl's body with 
more force now. Nina tremble visibly and moans as the 
older woman pinches and tweaks the girl's firm breasts 
and nipples. Sarah is happy their both finally naked 
together on the floor. She presses against the 
prostrate young woman, and gently kisses the girl for 
the first time, running her lips over the girl's 
sensuous soft mouth.
	
	Sarah rolls onto her hands and knees and gets 
directly over of the blindfolded girl. She pushes 
Nina's legs further apart with her own, and arches 
down to slowly press and grind her hip, then her thigh 
between the girl's opens legs. Nina groans at the 
incredible sensation of the mystery woman's hard 
muscular thigh pressing and sliding against her pussy. 
Sarah settles her weight on top of the girl, clamping 
her own pussy against the young woman's firm leg. 
Their breasts press and slide together, nipples stiff 
and pointy. The feeling of Nina's supple body 
trembling beneath her own feels extraordinarily 
sensuous to Sarah. She smiles as she senses a slick 
discharge of love juice forming where her naked thigh 
rasps against the girl's swollen pussy lips. 
	
	Nina can't believe how fast this is happening. 
One moment she's getting ready for another night of 
kinky sex with her mother, the next she's blindfolded 
and pined to her living room floor, getting fucked by 
a strange woman she can't even see! Nina groans as 
Sarah begins a slow, forceful rocking-motion, humping 
her pussy against Nina's leg while continuing to rub 
her own muscular thigh between the girl's open legs. 
The younger and older women quietly moan together, 
slowly squirming and undulating against each other, 
legs entwined like two dueling, oily, python snakes.
	
	"Well Nina," the older woman taunts, looking down 
at the blindfolded girl, their lips inches apart. 
"Isn't this quite comfy. Our thighs are getting quite 
slippery, aren't they, you wet little tramp. I'll bet 
your mother or boyfriend never fucked you like this 
before, huh?"  
	
	"Ooooow, n-nooo, A-aayyy, Aaaah, h-have nooot! 
Ooh! Oh!" Nina gurgles with pleasure as her pussy lips 
suddenly split fully open and flatten against the 
motion of her mysterious mistress's slippery thigh. 
She twists and bucks against the woman on top of her. 
Nina just loves this feeling of being pined and fucked 
on the rug like a wild animal, she arches up, pressing 
herself against her strange new lover. 
	
	Sarah's increases her own thrusting-sliding 
rhythm in response, arching her hips up and down 
between the girl's soft open thighs. She lowers her 
head to Nina's face. Their lips come together, Sarah 
and Nina kiss with wild passion as their bodies 
continue to slide and squirm together. Sarah pushes 
opens Nina's mouth and their tongues begin a slimy 
dance. Sarah lowers her head and really clamps her 
mouth over Nina's, slowly pumping her tongue in and 
out of the whimpering girl's pouty mouth. Nina tilts 
her head back and accepts the slimy tongue inside her 
mouth. Sarah lifts her arms from the floor, letting 
Nina's petite form fully support the older woman's 
weight. Sarah loves the feel of the girl's sweaty, 
squirming body under her. She continues sliding and 
thrusting her leg against the girl's sopping wet pussy 
and warm naked thigh while her tongue deeply explores 
the inside of Nina's small mouth. Sarah leans up 
slightly, just enough to reach her hands between their 
sweat-sheened bodies to pinch and knead the young 
woman's perky breasts.
	
	"Ooowphh!" Nina groans and mewls, going out of 
her mind with libidinous stimulation. Her pussy feels 
like there's a giant, endless wet banana is slowly 
oozing against it, her breasts are being wonderfully 
ravage by wicked long fingers, the woman's lips 
slather over her own as a strange, wonderfully wet 
tongue explores the inside of her mouth. Sarah is also 
close to the edge, thoroughly enjoying fucking this 
very responsive young beauty.
	
	The two women buck and writhe against each other 
on the living room rug in this manner for quite some 
time as Nina's Mom watches intently from the couch. 
Their movements become rough and frenzied as they 
forcefully grind into each with mounting urgency. Nina 
begins to orgasm, spewing against Sarah's thigh. Sarah 
continues vigorously rutting her pussy into the girl's 
hip and thigh. Suddenly Sarah stops and holds on 
tightly to the girl as she spends all over Nina's 
supple thigh. Both women finally relax, panting wildly 
for breath.
	
	"When Lucia, your little bitch here sure can 
fuck, can't she," Sarah says, leaning slightly off 
Nina. She notices that Lucia's hand is down her pants.
	
	"Oh God," Nina mumbles, embarrassed.
	
	"Yes, yes. My girl is quite the little tigress 
once she revved up."
	
	"Umm, I'd say." Sarah, still laying on top of the 
sweaty girl, moves her head down to gently kisses 
Nina's neck. She works her way around to the girl's 
curly ear, then kisses down across the girl's cheek. 
	
	"Hmm, how sweet. There's so much I'm going to do 
to you it's hard to know where to even start!"
	
	Sarah gets up off the panting girl and goes to 
the equipment bag.
	
	"Stay where you are bitch. I think it's time we 
got your ass into some proper restraints."
	
	Sarah pulls out a pair of long leather double-
cuffs and a few other items. The cuffs are made from 
wide black leather, they look nasty but the insides 
are fully padded and quite comfortable on the wearer. 
	
	"Okay bitch, pull your knees up to your chest and 
grab your ankles, your arms need to be outside your 
legs. I'm going to attach your wrists to your ankles. 
I think you find the position quite interesting.
	
	 Nina trembles but complies with the order from 
her unseen Mistress. She lifts her knees to her chest 
and grabs hold of her ankles. 
	
	Sarah gets next to Nina and quickly attaches the 
soft leather double cuffs to both of Nina's wrists. 
The older woman then attaches each wrists to the 
blindfolded girl's ankles. Each of the girl's slender 
wrists are now firmly attaches to her ankles. Her 
right wrist attached to her right ankle, left wrist to 
her left ankle.
	
	"You see baby," the older woman explains while 
gently tweaking and pulling on the girl's breasts, "in 
this position your arms are completely immobile, while 
at the same time your legs are bound and forced apart 
for easy access to the goods between."
	
	"Oh! Ooooh." Nina moans on her back as she test 
and pulls against her newly restrained limbs.
	
	"Hmm, Nina, these breasts are quite, quite 
beautiful, just like the rest of you. Tell me, have 
you ever have your nipples clamped."
	
	Nina trembles. "C-clamped? N-no."
	
	"Well Nina, I guess today is your lucky day, 
cause I happen to have a pair of industrial strength 
butterfly nipple clamps right here, perfect for 
perking up young nipples just like yours."
	
	"Oh! Oooh, Aaarrrh." The girl moans, whimpers and 
shakes as she feels the bite of the clamp's teeth dig 
into her left nipple.
	
	"And now for the other one."
	
	"Oh God! Oooh," Nina groans as her right nipple 
is also clamped.
	
	"Now, let me just tighten these up just a bit, 
you wouldn't want them falling off now."
	
	"Oh! Aaah, umm, Oh!" Nina pulls against her bonds 
as white-hot flashes of pain and pleasure shoot though 
her chest.
	
	"Okay Nina, your being a very good little slut. 
Lets turn you over so we can take a look your cute 
little butt." Nina groans, her heart beating wildly 
again as the strange woman's strong arms neatly flip 
her over on the rug. With her wrists tightly bound to 
her ankles, this new position leaves Nina face down on 
the rug with her shoulders on the floor, forcing her 
legs wide open, her back slopes up, leaving her ass 
waving in the air. Nina is once again becoming aroused 
by the way this mistress woman has taken complete 
command of her. 
	
	Sarah kneels next to the girl and runs her hands 
over the girl's sculptured bare back, then down and 
over the girl's butt cheeks. Nina moans and squirms on 
the rug.
	
	"So Lucia," Sarah addresses Nina's mother 
watching intently from the couch. "Should we proceed 
with the first part of our plan tonight?"
	
	"P-plan?" Nina gulps from the floor.
	
	"Yes, yes! I'm very ready for the plan to begin! 
Lets do it!" Lucia responds enthusiastically. 
	
	"W-what plan?" Nina groans.
	
	"Well, my sweet little baby. Your mother tells me 
you've never been introduced to the sublime pleasure 
of anal intercourse. I'm about to remedy that 
lacking."  
	
	"Oooh, Oh God. Oooh." Nina huffs, moans and 
quivers, pulling against her cuffed wrist and ankles.
	
	Sarah smiles down at the bound girl and slowly 
stretches a thin latex glove onto her left hand. Nina 
gulps as she hears the snapping latex. She can't see 
through the blindfold but realizes the lurid 
implications of the sound. Her anal ring twitch's 
involuntarily. Nina groans and whimpers as she 
realizes what's about to happen to her.
	
	The older woman just can't believe how utterly 
attractive this girl is, bound naked on the living 
room floor. Nina's long black hair pools around her 
neck, held in place with a large pink ribbon. Sarah 
gets behind the bound girl's ass.
	
	The older woman slowly caresses the girl's firm 
posterior. "Well, Nina, my sweet little tramp, before 
open you up to the joys of anal sex, let's warm up 
this peachy little bottom a bit."
	
	"Aah, ooh! Umm.," Nina moans as Sarah takes her 
latex covered hand and smacks the girl's firm cheeks. 
Sarah proceeds to spank the girl with relatively 
modest intensity. 
	
	"Oh! Ow! Ooh!" Nina yelps after each loud whack. 
Sarah enjoys watching the girl's bottom wobble and 
blush pink after each strike. Sarah gives the girl's 
rump eight healthy smacks.
	
	"Ow. Oow" Nina whines and trembles in her 
bindings, her ass cheeks stinging.
	
	"Okay Nina, I'm going to start your first lesson 
in anal penetration by inserting a few latex covered 
fingers slowly up your ass." Sarah takes a jar of 
Vaseline jelly out of her equipment bag and covers her 
latex gloved hands with the greasy goo while looking 
down at the bound young woman on the floor. "But first 
lets stop by your pussy for some natural lubricant. 
Hmm, you sure do seem to be producing more of it, you 
slutty little girl."
	
	Nina groans into the floor as Sarah roughly 
massages the girl's wet pussy with her oily latex 
covered hand. Nina struggles, testing her wrist to 
ankle bindings. She can't believe what's about to 
happen to her, it's completely turning her on! She 
wishes she could see this woman, her Mistress, her 
lover, but she's still blindfolded and rudely cuffed 
in position on the living room floor!
	
	Sarah moves besides the girl's hips and gently 
pries open one cheek with her right hand. 
	
	"Hmm. Nina baby, I think I see a little hole in 
need of some special attention." The older woman rubs 
her thumb lightly over the girl's winking anal 
rosebud. 
	
	"Ooowh G-ga-ga-wwd." Nina twists, squirms and 
tenses on the floor. 
	
	"So Nina, is it really true you've never been 
fucked up the ass before."
	
	"N-no, no n-never!" Nina whimpers, feeling the 
mistress lady's strong, insistent fingers crawling 
over her exposed rear.
	
	"All right then, here we go. I'm going to start 
by a slowly feeding my thumb all the way into your 
little anus. Nina baby, be a good girl now and relax 
your sweet ass. Believe me, it'll go much, much easier 
that way."
	
	"Oh! Oh! Umm-umm.O-okay O-oh m-my!" Nina groans 
as the older woman rubs a little harder around her 
tender bumhole.
	
	"I must tell you Nina, you have one of the cutest 
little assholes I've ever seen. Not a hair on it!"
	
	"Aaah!" Nina huffs as the lurid stimulation 
becomes more intense.
	
	Sarah is greatly amused to spy the crinkled 
opening pulsing and winking up at her. 
	
	"Oh baby, It's my honor and privilege to be the 
first one to violate you in such a manner. Just relax 
now."
	
	"O-oow, aa-aarrggh," Nina emits a low whimper. 
Sarah presses hands against the girl's asscrack. The 
older woman's four fingers grip Nina's asscheek and 
upper thigh giving her thumb direct access to Nina's 
rosebud. Sarah runs the tip of her thumb around the 
girl's puckered anus. 
	
	"Oh God! Ooooh!" Nina twists and groans on the 
rug.
	
	"Easy girl, easy now. Be a good little slut and 
open up this hole for your Mistress." Sarah encourages 
the girl as she presses her thumb harder against 
Nina's soft anal ring.
	
	Nina's anal ring slowly bulges inward against 
Sarah's thick probing digit.
	
	"Oh! Oooow! Ah-aaaah! Oooooow!" Nina howls as she 
feels the intruding finger slowly entering her body. 
She pulls against her wrists, still tightly cuffed to 
her ankles, her face sweaty and pressed into the rug.
	
	 The young woman pants and bucks as the strange 
woman's slippery latex-covered thumb slowly worms it 
way into her crinkled anal opening. The bound young 
woman desperately tries to relax. She can't believe 
she's actually being violated in this wonderfully 
wicked way!
	
	Nina reddens and holds her breath. She senses her 
rosebud slowly expanding and dilating wide open around 
the insistent finger. Feelings of shame and extreme 
lurid excitement course through her trembling young 
body. She gasps and bites her lower lip, surrendering 
to the smooth probing digit. The defiling finger 
slowly slides more easily into her body. Nina feels 
dirty, nasty and wild. She sighs and groans. The 
sensation actually feels quite fantastic to her in a 
weirdly depraved way.
	
	"Yes, yes. There we go my sweet little slut. 
That's it!" Sarah smiles as the tip of her thumb 
slowly disappears into the young woman's yielding 
bottom. She finds the inside of Nina's ass incredibly 
tight to start with. But by slowly and firmly sliding 
more thumb into the girl's ass Sarah makes good 
progress past Nina's clenching, muscular anal ring. 
	
	"Yes, there we go Nina-baby. Now, don't you look 
pretty with a nice thumb up your ass." Sarah teases 
the bound young woman.
	
	"Oh! Ooh! Ooowh!" Nina gasps, her face flushes 
dark pink against the rug. She pulls hard against her 
wrist-to-ankle cuffs. Sarah slowly rotate her thumb 
around inside the girl's rectum for maximum 
stimulation. 
	
	"Ooh w-wow." Nina huffs and moans out loud as the 
strange woman's thumb slowly slides around inside her 
anus. Sarah's knobby thumb knuckle finally comes to 
rest, lewdly holding open the girl's clasping rosebud. 
	
	Sarah takes her time. Nina gasps as the older 
woman gently curls her thumb inside the girl's tender 
derriere. Once past Nina's tight anal ring, Sarah's 
finger meets only a squishy, wonderfully silken-soft 
resistance. Sarah slowly pulls her thumb out of the 
bound girl's tender butt.
	
	"Well Nina. Your little ass easily managed my 
thumb quite well. How `bout two more now?"
	
	"Ooooh!" The girl gurgles from the rug and 
trembles in her bindings. Sarah presses her fore and 
index fingers against the girl's quivering rosebud. 
Nina huffs and groans as her rear hole dimples inward. 
	
	"Oh! Ooooh! M-mistress l-l-lady please! Oh God 
Oh!" Nina whimpers and trembles as she feels the 
greasy fingertips pressing against her rosebud, slowly 
spreading her open.
	
	"That's it baby, in we go." Sarah coos to the 
girl while steadily pushing downward.
	
	"Oh! Oooh! Lady! Oooooow!" Nina gasps and groans 
as she feels the latex covered fingers beginning to 
slide into her body. Sarah slowly but forcefully 
pushes against the wonderful elasticity of girl's 
anus. Nina's anal ring slowly widens as it struggles 
to accommodate the thicker width of two fingers this 
time. 
	
	"Oh M-mistress lady, Oooh, Oh God! Ooooowwph!" 
Nina gasps, feeling the slow, steady progress of two 
oily latex-covered digits snugly sliding and pushing 
past her rosebud. The finger's feel huge inside her 
tender derriere, barely manageable.
	
	This time Sarah's two fingers sink a little 
slower into Nina's clenching rosebud due to the 
increased width. But soon the older woman's two digits 
are completely embedded inside the girl's satiny 
rectum.
	
	"Oh! Oooh God! L-ady, Mmmistress-lady Oh! Ooooh!" 
Nina groans at the wild sensations of the fingers up 
her butt.
	
	"Hmm, Nina," Sarah teases. "I wish you could see 
just how completely depraved your little butt looks 
with two fingers planted inside your cute little 
butthole." 
	
	Nina gasps and blushes deeply as Sarah dances and 
`walks' her finger around inside the girl's ass. 
	
	"Hmm, this feels quite, quite good. Your insides 
are so nice, so soft, kind of gushy. I think your 
mother is also quite impressed." Sarah looks up at 
Lucia, who's steadfastly watching her daughter's ass. 
	
	"Oooow."
	
	With her two finger firmly embedded deep inside 
the bound girl's rear, Sarah experiments by shaking 
Nina's rounded derriere to the left and right, then up 
and down. Nina huffs and pouts into the floor as her 
bound body, led by her well-plugged ass, bends and 
turns under the older woman's wicked ministrations.
	
	"Oh, ooh! Oooow!" Nina gurgles as the strange 
woman's long fingers slowly slide out of the her 
asshole. 
	
	"Hmm. You know what Nina baby, you're being such 
a nice, good little girl. I think I'll let your sweet 
little hole enjoy my fingers for a bit longer now." 
Sarah teases the girl. Just before the older woman's 
fingers are fully withdrawn from Nina's ass, Sarah 
reverses and quickly plunges her digits back fully 
into the quivering young woman's offered bottom, 
causing a loud wet smacking to be heard throughout the 
room. 
	
	"Aaaah. Ooooow! M-mistress. Oh! Y-yes!" Nina 
gulps. "Lady, pl-pleasssse! Oh Gaaawd. Oh! Aah! 
Oooooooooorrrrppph." Nina cries out and emits a long 
warbling groan as Sarah steadily pumps in and out of 
the bound girl's now rubbery, clenching rosebud.
	
	"All right, that's enough fingers for you now 
slut. It's time for your ass to graduate up to 
something much bigger."
	
	"Oh!" Nina trembles at the thought it! She really 
can't imagine anything larger fitting into her ass.
	
	Sarah discards the latex glove and finds a fair 
size butt-plug for Nina in the equipment bag. Sarah 
chooses a small-to-medium size plug that she knows 
will feel quite huge to the dainty young woman, but 
doable. The thick molded plastic is wide in the 
middle, narrows, and then flares out to a good size 
gripball. Sarah reaches down and gently grabs hold of 
a fistful of Nina's jet black hair and pulls up. the 
blindfolded girl tilts for head up, not wanting her 
hair pulled. 
	
	"Hey little bitch," Sarah looks down and 
addresses the bound girl on the rug. "Since I know you 
must be curious, I want you to personally get to know 
your butt-plug before it gets slowly shoved up your 
cute little rear." With her free hand she traces and 
rolls the plug's blunt tip over the girl's pouty lips. 
"So open up that pretty mouth of yours and give Mr. 
Butt-plug here a nice wet blowing."
	
	Nina trembles and shakes in her bindings, feeling 
the molded plastic tip pressing over lips.
	
	"Ow, okay," Nina whines, breathing hard.
	
	"Open up wide now." Sarah commands the girl while 
holding Nina's hair up in one hand and attempting to 
feed the butt-plug into her mouth with the other.
	
	"Ooooommmph" Nina gasps and opens her mouth while 
holding her face off the rug, her hair still being 
pulled by the strange mistress woman. She can't see, 
because of the blindfold, but does feel the smooth, 
thick cool molded plastic pushing between her lips. 
Her small mouth opens and stretches wide to accept the 
incoming object. 
	
	Nina senses the phallic shape as it slides 
between her teeth, pinning down her tongue, and 
rasping along the roof of her mouth. She fears for a 
moment that she'll gag on the thing as the plastic tip 
presses against the back of her mouth. But a deep oral 
instinct takes over as her lips thin and seal around 
the thick shaft of the plug. She sighs and begins to 
vigorously suckle on the crude object. The thing feels 
massive inside her mouth, and she can't imagine it 
going into her ass, but is oddly comforted by sucking 
on the smooth plastic shaft.
	
	Sarah looks downs, still holding the girl's head 
up and is amused by the sight of Nina's full lips hard 
at work suckling around the fake dong. A small amount 
of the girl's spittle oozes down the contoured plug.
	
	"All right little slut face that's quite, quite 
enough now." Sarah says as she gently pulls the 
plastic dong from the girl's mouth. Nina moans softly 
and Sarah is rewarded with the sight of Nina's pouty 
lips stretching and molding along the retreating 
phallic object. She let's go of the girl's hair. Nina 
gasps and lowers her face back to the rug, trembling 
in her bindings. Nina's shoulders and face press into 
the carpeted floor, her legs are folded under her as 
she pulls against her wrists cruelly cuffed to her 
ankles.
	
	"Thanks baby, for warming it up. Now it's just 
about ready to enter your sweet ass," Sarah teases.
	
	"Oh, oh my," Nina gulps, pulling on her bindings 
and shivering.
	
	Sarah takes out a special jar that contains a 
mixture of ginger root and vapor rub, and lubes up the 
plug with the stuff, adding to the spittle already 
provided by Nina. She knows the ginger will really 
perk the young woman right up.
	
	"Lucia, I've just had the honor of being the 
first person to explore inside your slut-daughter's  
tight little butt hole. I think you should have the 
honor of being the first to fully sodomized your 
daughter with a real plastic butt-dong."
	
	"Wwwwhat!" a bound Nina gasps from the floor.
	
	"Thank you Mistress. I would very much like to 
have that special honor." Lucia primps from the couch.
	
	"I'll hold open our young slut's asscheeks while 
you penetrate her ass with this."
	
	"Okay."
	
	Nina moans hard into the floor as her mother gets 
off the couch and approaches her daughter's lewdly 
splayed rear. Sarah hands Nina's Mom the ginger lubed 
butt-plug and gets next to the bound girl. She grabs a 
cheek in each hand and spreads open the young woman's 
ass.  
	
	Both Sarah and Nina's Mom are amused to see the 
girl's wrinkled anus pulsing slightly, perhaps in 
lusty anticipation.
	
	"Nina, sweetie, before your mother penetrates you 
with this big, nasty butt-plug, I just want to make 
sure you know I've coated the plug with a special 
mixture of ginger and vapor rub. You'll see, it'll add 
a little extra  zing to your first real ass-fucking."
	
	"Ow!" Nina groans as Sarah nods to Lucia. With 
Sarah holding the girls cheeks wide open the girl's 
Mom has no problem in finding her intended target. 
Nina shudders as her mother presses the plug's tip 
directly into the center of her anus. 
	
	"Now Lucia, since this is your daughter first 
real ass fucking, you'll want to gently roll it 
against her anus for a bit, letting her get use to the 
feel and size of the plug's tip before pushing it in."
	
	"You mean like this."
	
	"Oh! Oooh! M-Mom, Oh God! Mom! Thhhaaat's reallly 
n-n-asty. Ooooow!" Nina shakes and trembles on the 
rug, pulling and twisting in her binding as the greasy 
bulbous tip rolls lewdly against her.
	
	"Yes, yes just like that, I think you got it." 
Sarah looks down and holds the girl's ass steady.
	
	"Oh! Ooh! Gawwd! Ooph! Ooooow!" Nina bellows, the 
head of the plug presses against her rosebud, 
delivering a quantity of ginger root and vapor rub to 
her anal ring. For a moment the girl feels an 
incredibly itchy, then an intense burning sensation, 
followed by an icy cooling. This burning and cooling 
cycle swells out from her ass as she feels the plug's 
tip lasciviously nosing further into her rear 
entrance. Her mother proceeds onward, slowly pushing 
the plug further inside her daughter's quivering butt.
	
	"Oh! Oh Mom! Ooow, Oooph, ow, oow. Oh!" The young 
woman sniffles and gasps at the incredibly bizarre 
freezing-blazing sensation worming its way into her 
body.
	
	Sarah holds the girl's bucking hips steady as 
Lucia is bewitched by the sight of the plug's tip just 
inside her daughter's grasping rosebud. Lucia grips 
the end of the plug and carefully continues to slowly 
push and glide the thick tapered dong into her 
trembling daughter's anus.
	
	"Oooow! Oh God, oh God. Mom please! Ohhh! Oh God. 
Yes! Ooooow!" Nina gasps and snivels, face pressed 
into the living room rug as more of the burning anal 
intruder continues to enter her ass. 
	
	"Aaaah! Ooooh M-Madre! Your f-fucking m-me, your 
little girl, ooh, oh God, r-right in m-my ass! Ooooh, 
Your really, rrrr-really f-filling me up. Eeeeeow, Oh 
my Gawd. Eeeeeee-ooooow. Aaowh! Oh! I'm I-I'm b-
burning in-in there. Oooooooh!" Nina's muscular anal 
ring slowly expands, widening to accept more of the 
tapered plastic plug being pushing into her rectum. 
She trembles in her bindings as the strangest 
sensations boil up from her ass. The plastic shaft 
feels unbelievably huge, nasty and bizarrely sensual 
to Nina as it continues traveling into her body.
	
	"That's it, there we go little baby," Lucia coos 
to her daughter as she steadily presses down on the 
plug sliding between the young woman's splayed ass 
cheeks.
	
	"Well Nina," Sarah comments. "Your little ass is 
opening right up for Mr. Biggie here. No one would 
believe that this is your first real ass-fucking. Your 
taking it in just like a little slutty pro."
	
	"Oomphh!." Nina huffs, panting from the floor.
	
	The two older woman smile as they intently watch 
the girl's expanding anal ring. Nina whimpers and 
tries to relax as her reddish pink rosebud continues 
to sluggishly dilate larger to accommodate the 
increasing thickness of the plug. Nina whimpers as her 
anal ring thins and slowly expands in diameter as it 
accepts the first third of the long tapered dong. 
	
	"Ooooow!" Nina gasps and shudders as her mother 
continues to slowly feed the plastic violator deeper 
into her daughter's quivering butt hole. The burning-
freezing sensations are fading for the girl, replaced 
by the disgustingly pleasurable sensation of hard 
greasy plastic pushing and sliding into her tender 
bumhole.
	
	Sarah looks downs, still holding the young 
woman's asscheek open. "Oh Nina baby, your little ass 
is getting all filled up!"
	
	"Ooow Oh! Oh!" Nina grunts and winces as the 
widest part of the plug enters into her body. After 
more steady pushing from her mother and more groaning, 
Nina's rectum is completely skewered by the full 
length of obscene tapered object.
	
	"There, there babycakes," Sarah teases looking 
down at Nina's skewered bottom. "That wasn't so bad, 
now was it? You took the whole thing right up your 
ass." 
	
	"Oooow! Ooh G-Gawd! Ooooow!" Nina whines, mumbles 
and shakes at the bizarre pleasure welling up from her 
corked bottom. The girl is still bound fast, wrists 
locked to her ankles, blindfolded, and on her face and 
knees on the living room rug. Her mother Lucia is 
totally transfixed by the lewd scene and leans back 
from her daughter.
	
	"Hmm, Lucia, great job!" Sarah looks down at the 
thick, lewd deeply object embedded between the girl's 
rosy ass cheeks. The older woman places her forefinger 
on the free end of the anal plug's ballgrip and gently 
bounces the embedded phallus up and down inside Nina's 
ass. "So Nina baby, how do you like having a nice fat, 
fake penis shoved up your pretty little butthole? 
Pretty weird, Hmm?" 
	
	"Oooow!" Nina shudders as the plastic intruder 
jounces around inside her anus. "M-Mistress, I-it's so 
b-big, so, so wicked. Oooow, I-I like it. Oh! I-I 
really looved it!" The girl huffs in one quick breath.
	
	"Hmm, Lucia, lets take your little plugged bitch 
here for a truly nasty ride. Lets slowly fuck her ass 
with the thing. Pull it completely out, then slowly, 
slowly insert the plug back in again, repeat the that 
over and over, really pump her ass with the thing. 
It'll drive it'll drive the little bitch crazy. While 
your doing that I'm going to play with our slut's 
pussy and lovely little titties."
	
	The bound girl groans and huffs indignantly from 
the floor.
	
	"Oh, you are a wild one, sounds like fun! Let's 
do it!" Lucia takes hold of the plug's gripball and 
slowly withdraws the plastic phallus out of the 
whimpering girl's backside. Once the glistening dong 
is completely out, she carefully plunges the plug 
languidly back in again. Nina groans and trembles, 
pulling against her bindings. Lucia begins a slow, 
steady pumping action between her daughter's red-pink 
asscheeks, slowly moving the plug in and out of the 
girl's clenching anus, which has become quite pliant 
and rubbery. 
	
	"Oh! Fuck! Oh! Oh Mom! Oooooh!" The blindfolded 
girl gasps and squirms on the living room rug as the 
thick plastic dong repeatedly slides in and out of her 
pliant anal openning.
	
	Sarah watches, a muscular wave ripples up the 
girl's back as Nina's anal-pumping continues in 
earnest. Nina gasps, pants and twists, face down on 
the rug, pulling hard on the cuffs attaching her 
wrists firmly to her ankles while her backside bobs 
and waves lewdly up and down in the air in response to 
her mother's pistoning action of the plastic anal 
intruder.
	
	Sarah reaches under Nina's tummy, working her 
fingers into the young woman's slick, wet pussy. She 
manipulates the young womans's clit with her thumb. 
Her other hand takes hold of the girl's bouncing 
clamped bosom.
	
	"Ooooow." Nina huffs under the ministrations of 
the two women.
	
	"Well little bitch," Sarah continues manipulating 
the girl. "Do you enjoy having your little pussy and 
titties played with while your mother gives you a good 
fucking up the ass? Huh? Why, aren't you quite a good 
little slut hole, letting your own mother fuck you up 
the ass with a big nasty dildo!"
	
	"Ooooooow! Oh God! Oooh! M-mother, p-please! Mom! 
Oh! Oh! L-lady, l-l-lady, Oooooh p-please," Nina 
shrilly groans out loud. "Oooh M-m-mother, Th-this is 
t-too fucking w-wild! Aaah! Oooh! Y-your both driving 
me sooo crazy! Umm, oh! ooooph!" Nina sighs and moans, 
swamped and overwhelmed with intense libidinous 
sensations. 
	
	The young woman is flooded with an intense guilty 
pleasure coming from her violated bottom, gasping 
every time her mother reinserted the thick molded 
plastic dong back inside her rectum. She huffs out 
loud, intimately, and quite physically perceiving the 
greasy dong repeatedly tunneling and sliding deep 
inside her anal opening. She can't believe this is 
happening, what her mother and this Mistress lady are 
doing to her! Bound and blindfolded on her knees, 
face, shoulders pushed into the rug, both holes 
getting totally worked over! She whimpers as her ass 
fucking goes on and on! Her anus repeatedly opening 
and closing around the oily plastic dong as her mother 
slowly, relentlessly, pumps the plug in and out of her 
daughter's shapely ass, filling the girl up, and then 
slowly withdrawing, repeating the lurid process over, 
and over and over again.
	
	"So, Nina your mother tells me your a very good 
student," Sarah teases the girl, watching the plug 
move obscenely in and out of the girl's hopelessly 
clenching rosebud. "So baby, what is your area of 
study?"
	"Oh! Oooh, I-I'm, Oh! I'm a d-d-d-dance 
maaaajooor," Nina manages to stammer out between her 
mother's slow anal thrusting. 
	
	"That nice, quite nice." Sarah replies, her 
fingers are now arduously pinching and squeezing the 
poor girl's pussy lips and well-clamped nipples.
	
	"Ooh! Oh! Ooh! Oh! Oooooh!" Nina groans to the 
steady plunging beat and grits her teeth as  the thick 
plastic plug is fully reinserted into her now 
extremely elastic butthole. She can't stop her 
approaching orgasm even if she tried. The feeling of 
her mother wielding the plastic dong, repeatedly 
fucking the thing in and out of her ass is too much, 
especially when combines with the mistress lady's 
hands roaming over her body, pinching, tweaking and 
teasing her. The girl's hips gyrate and spasm 
involuntarily as uncontrollable quivers rock through 
her body. She groans and pulls hard against her wrist-
to-ankle bindings. Her clamped breasts are being 
tweaked and pulled, while the strange woman's fingers 
drive mercilessly in and out of her wet vulva. An 
unstoppable blast of desperate excitement and 
carnality fans uncontrollably out from the girl's 
superheated genitalia, shooting down her spine, legs 
and bound arms, curling her toes.
	
	"Ooooooooophhh! Oh! Oh God! Ooooooooh!" Nina's 
cries out, shaking wildly. Her orgasm twines through 
her like a tidal force. 
	
	Sarah takes her hands away from the girl's pussy 
and breasts to hold the girl's bucking hips. She 
watches in amazement as Nina shakes and shudders 
through her orgasm. The young woman's muscles rippling 
up and down her supple back. Nina's mother smiles at 
Sarah and continues thrusting the plug slowly in and 
out of her shuddering daughter, riding out the poor 
girl's orgasm. 
	
	For Nina, her spewing seems to last, and last, an 
embarrassing slick wetness rolls down her thigh as her 
sticky dew dribbles out of her pussy. Finally it ends, 
Nina pants and gulps for air in recovery. Her 
awareness returns as she realizes she's still bound on 
the living room rug, blindfolded, face on the floor. 
Her fully plugged ass waving obscenely in the air.
	
	"Wow, Lucia, your little slut here is very 
responsive, I'm very impressed. Hmmm, I have an idea, 
lets leave Nina bound here for the moment, keeping the 
plug up her ass while you and I doing a little sixty-
ninning ourselves. I'm sure Nina here could use a 
little break."
	
	"Yes! You read my mind! I really need some relief 
after watching my daughter rip through her first anal 
orgasm!"
	
	Nina grunts as Lucia gives the plug once last 
push inward. Sarah and Lucia stand and grab each 
other, kissing wildly. Sarah quickly undresses the 
woman and arranges her on the rug next to her 
daughter. She moves on top of Lucia in a classic 
sixty-nine position. Sarah engulfs the woman's pussy 
and find's that she's very wet. 
	
	Nina fidgets, pulling at her leather-clad wrists 
tightly attached to her ankles. The plug up her butt 
is driving her nuts, it still feels huge. She can't 
help but clench her ass every once in a while for more 
stimulation. She hears the unmistakable sound of two 
woman ardently lapping each other's pussies. In an odd 
way she feels neglected. After a long while she hears 
her mother's whimpering reach a crescendo, soon after 
she hears the mysterious `Mistress' woman's moaning 
peaking. 
	
	Sarah rest's her cheek against Lucia's spent 
pussy, very satisfied. She and Lucia untangle and 
stand up. She's amused by the site of Nina's ass 
clenching around the deeply embedded plastic dong in 
the girl's butt. Sarah and Lucia get up and wash up a 
bit in the bathroom and return to the bound girl on 
the floor of the living room. Lucia, still naked, 
takes her seat on the couch as Sarah approaches Nina.
	
	"So, how's my how's my favorite ass-plugged 
little bitch doing," Sarah asks as she rolls the bound 
naked girl over on her side and onto her back. She 
takes off the young woman's blindfold and unclips 
Nina's wrist cuff from her ankles, leaving the black 
leather cuffs on the girl. Nina blinks up from the 
floor as her eyes refocus. She stretches her legs out, 
feeling the large plug shifting around inside her ass. 
She views her "Mistress" towering over her for the 
first time. Nina holds her breath, this woman, her new 
lover is very, very beautiful.
	
	"Hi, um. Y-your that woman from next door, aren't 
you?"
	
	"Yes, sweetie-pie, I am. My name is Sarah, Sarah 
Perkins, you can call me Mrs. Perkins now, and I do 
live right next door. It's nice to formally meet you." 
Sarah tells Nina as she gently moves a few loose 
strands of long dark hair out of the girl's face. 
She's glad to get the blindfold off Nina, she has such 
pretty, pretty brown eyes. "In fact we're going to 
take leave of your Mom now and continue our little 
games in my apartment. That is if your sure you want 
to continue? I'd understand if I'm a little too 
intense for you, we can stop here."
	
	"Um, Lets continue M-mrs. Perkins. I'll do what 
ever you w-w-want."
	
	"Excellent! You can get up now while I find a 
leash and collar to put around your precious neck."
	
	"Oooh, okay Mrs. Perkins," Nina peeps as she 
wobbly gets off the living room floor. Sarah is 
greatly amused to see the naked girl standing very 
close her and shyly staring up at her past a few more 
loose strands of long dark hair. Nina looks down and 
tentatively reaches around to her backside to explore 
the butt plug up her ass.  
	
	"No, no, no. Don't you dare touch your ass, slut, 
unless I give you permission to do so, your tail is 
now my personal property." Sarah berates the girl, 
giving Nina's asscheek a good pinch. 
	
	"Ouch! Oh, Um, Okay Mrs. Perkins," The young 
woman replies demurely. "But I really need to pee."
	
	"Okay Nina, but make if fast."
	
	When the girl returns she stands next to Sarah 
expectantly. Nina moans and stares at the floor as 
Sarah quickly fastens a dog collar around her neck and 
attaches a chain leash to it. 
	
	"Now your Mom is going to check the hallway as I 
lead you, like a nice little doggie, into my 
apartment. Clench those cheekies, darling, because you 
better not loose that plug in your butt." Lucia 
quickly puts on a bath rode, opens the apartment door 
and goes into the hallway.
	
	"Okay," Nina gasps and trembles slightly, 
becoming excited again at the through of this crazy 
adventure escalating even further. The truth is the 
plug in her ass is lodged so well that it's not going 
anywhere. Besides the big plug in her ass Nina's tits 
are still throbbing, encased in those nasty butterfly 
clamps.
	
	"All right, Sarah." Lucia says smiling from the 
hallway. Sarah grabs her equipment and puts her arm 
around Nina's shoulder holding the leash in one hand. 
She maneuvers the girl forward, out of the Martinez's 
apartment, to the cool hallway and into her apartment.
	
	"You gals be good now," Lucia pipes in from the 
hallway with a wink as Sarah begins to close her 
apartment door.
	
	"You know we will be good, fantastically good." 
Sarah closes the door and looks down at a wonderful 
sight, young naked Nina, plugged, clamped, collared 
and ready for more. She tugs and leads Nina into her 
hallway. Sarah suddenly feels a strong spike of desire 
for this submissive girl under her arm. Sarah stop and 
positions Nina directly in front of her, the girl 
blinks and returns Sarah's intense gaze.
	
	"Well Nina, you're quite a sight. How do you like 
walking around with your tits clamped and your ass 
plugged." 
	
	"Well, Mrs. Perkins, it's quite, oh!" Nina is 
interrupted as Sarah slowly draws the girl close 
against her, not really that interested in listening 
to Nina's meandering answer. She brings her lips down 
to gently kiss the girl's mouth. Nina tentatively 
returns the kiss. Sarah loves the way the girl's soft 
lips play across her own as she holds the girl around 
her dainty waist and presses Nina's firm body against 
her own. Their belly to belly now. She continues 
kissing Nina's soft lips as she pushes her right thigh 
between the girl's legs, forcing a groaning Nina to 
open her legs, and causing the girl to go up on her 
tippy-toes. Sarah enjoys the feeling of the young 
woman's soft wet muff sliding up her bare leg. She 
sucks on the girl's lips as she clasps Nina tightly 
around the waist, squashing and humping the girl's wet 
pussy along her thigh. Nina mewls and whimpers at the 
intensity of the kissing and Sarah's muscular thigh 
rippling against her pussy and wide opens legs. Her 
hands gently come up to grasp the shoulders of this 
very sexy older woman.
	
	Sarah suddenly breaks the kiss and turns the 
gasping girl around. 
	
	"Come along little bitch, don't want you creaming 
too soon now, do we." Sarah says as she leads the 
trembling Nina through the hallway, past the bedrooms, 
to the kitchen, and to the edge of her large oaken 
kitchen table. "I thought it would a lot of fun to 
truss you up and fuck you silly for a long bit on top 
of my kitchen table. So, get use to it baby, this is 
going to be your new home for a while. Believe me 
you're not the first, and you won't be the last bitch 
to be bound here." Sarah pats the tabletop. "I want 
you to climb up on the table here, get on your back 
and spread your skinny arms and legs so I can properly 
attach and bind you properly to the table's legs."
	
	"Oh! Oh God, umm. Okay, Mrs. Perkins, okay."
	
	Nina complies, shakily climbing on top of Sarah's 
large oak kitchen table. The young plugged woman 
spreads her arms and legs, looking up expectantly at 
Sarah. The older woman places the gym bag on the floor 
and takes out a handful of special chains. She quickly 
links Nina's wrist cuffs to the chains, then attaches 
and tightens the chains to the table's back corner 
leg-supports, firmly spreading and securing the young 
woman's arms to the top of the table. 
	Sarah takes out two thin leather cuffs and 
encircles Nina's lower thighs with each of the thin 
leather cuffs. She attaches chains to the D-clamp on 
each of the thigh-cuffs. The girl moans as Sarah 
tightens the thigh-chains to the tables' middle legs. 
These new cuffs causes Nina's upper thighs to be 
completely spread wide open on the tabletop. Sarah 
finishes by stretching out each of the girl's feet, 
then attaching Nina's ankle-foot cuffs to the to the 
table's far corner leg-supports. Nina is now fully 
spread-eagle and firmly attached to the table at 
anchor six points.
	
	Nina closes her eyes and rests her head back on 
the cool polished table surface, pulling and testing 
her new bindings. She is quite, quite excited, and 
can't believe how fast this is all happening!
	
	"Lift up your head baby," Nina does as she's told 
and Sarah puts a small comfy pillow under the girl's 
head. Nina is much more comfortable and can easily 
look down over her bound body. 
	"Now lift your hips baby," Sarah places another 
smaller pillow under the girl's butt, lewdly raising 
Nina's hips and fully-plugged ass. "There we go 
sweetie."
	
	Sarah carefully looks over the young bound woman 
on her kitchen table and is again struck by the beauty 
of Nina's incredibly supple, well toned mocha-brown 
body. She gently runs her fingers between the girl's 
thighs, up over her tummy and between Nina's slightly 
quivering breasts. The girl's breathing is becoming 
heavy and labored.
	
	"Hmm, Nina. I think you're finally ready for the 
next stage of our special relationship. But first I 
want to play just a bit more with your cute little 
ass." Sarah smiles and reaches between the bound 
girl's wide open legs and grabs hold of the ballgrip 
on the end of the anal plug still fully lodge in 
Nina's butt. Nina pulls against her bindings, flexing 
on top of the tabletop, groaning as the thick anal 
dong moves around inside her butt. 
	
	"Ooooooorrrh!"
	
	Sarah gently rotates Nina's plug in a slow 
circular motion causing the girl to shudder and groan. 
She slowly, slowly withdraws the phallus part way out 
of the girl's grasping rosebud. Sarah gently but 
deliberately re-inserts the entire phallus slowly back 
up and into the girl's exquisite bottom. Nina gasps 
and whimpers as Sarah slowly, slowly pumps the anal 
plug many more times in and out of the young woman's 
incredible pliant ass.
	
	"Nina baby, I wish you could see how your young 
ass really holds on to this very nasty anal plug." 
Sarah teases as Nina sobs and bucks in her limited 
movement. Sarah slowly eases the plug out of the 
girl's clenching rosebud. She places the plug in a 
plastic bag to be washed later. Sarah can't believe 
how much pure fun she's having with this yielding 
young filly. 
	
	"Hmm, Nina, I think its time for me to pay some 
attention to your poor clamp little titties." Sarah 
gently presses down and then up on the butterfly 
clamps on the girl's breasts. The older woman pulls 
the nipple clamps slightly away from the girl's chest, 
one in each hand, and shakes the clamps vigorously.
	
	"Aaaarrrrrrooooh!" Nina looks down over her 
breasts, whining and shaking on the tabletop. Sarah 
unclips the clamps from Nina's chest and is greatly 
amused by how Nina's nipples stand straight up, like 
two angry red points. Sarah plays her hands over the 
girl's newly unclamped bosom. She brings her mouth 
down over Nina's nipple and fully engulfs the girl's 
left breast. She deeply sucks up and down on the 
girl's peachy tit. Nina yelps and tilts her head back 
as Sarah goes crazy, licking, sucking and gently 
nipping the girl's tender breasts. As her mouth is 
busy ravishing the girl's chest, Sarah moves her hand 
inside Nina's bound open thigh to rigorously rub and 
massage the girl's pussy. Nina whimpers and twists in 
pleasure under Sarah's intense touch.
	
	Sarah moves up to kiss Nina's lips, she slowly 
insert her tongue into the young woman's mouth. She 
break her kiss and moves off Nina. Sarah pulls a good 
medium size strap-on dildo out of the equipment bag. 
The neon purple dong is made of incredibly soft but 
stiff rubber, and is very deeply ribbed and veined 
with a bumpy latex surface and a large mushroom shaped 
head.
	
	"Nina, baby. Check this out, it's a strap-on 
dildo." Sarah puts the dong in front of the girl's 
face, slowly running it over Nina's lips. "Soon I'll 
be sweetly screwing your little pussy with this thing. 
I like this one because it's so nasty looking and has 
these nice little rubbery spikes on the other side 
that makes my clitty feel wonderful."
	
	"Oommmph!"
	
	Sarah pulls-on and tightens the phallus to her 
hips. She climbs on the table, between Nina's bound 
open legs. The girl shakes and trembles in the 
bindings that attach her tightly to the kitchen 
tabletop. Sarah kneels on the table and positions 
herself fully over the bound young woman. With one 
hand she slowly rubs the bulbous end of the dong 
between the girl's slippery pussy lips. Sarah can't 
help but notice the bound young woman is extremely 
excited.
	
	"Ah, my sweet little hole, I'm about to give you 
one damn good fucking." Sarah looks down at the bound 
girl. She slowly works the dong's head over Nina's 
pussy. "Are you sure you're ready for this?"
	
	"Ooooh! Yes! P-please Mrs. Perkins, dooo it! I'm 
like totally ready!"
	
	"Do you promise to let me fuck you, kiss, pinch 
or fondle you whenever the hell I want?"
	
	"Yyyyes! Oooh Yes!"
	
	"Will you also let my friends fuck you when I 
wish it?"
	
	"O-okay! Yyyyeeeesss!"
	
	"Well all right then! Nina, baby, you should 
really watch what I'm about to do to your little love-
flower." Sarah reaches down and holds up Nina's head. 
The girl looks down over her bound body and to the 
bobbing rubbery dildo lewdly hanging between the older 
woman's legs.
	
	"Oh Gggawwwd!" Nina gurgles, moans and shakes in 
her bindings as the phallus' bulbous shape  presses 
hard against her outer pussy lips. Sarah slowly pushes 
down, inserting the dildo into the trembling girl. 
Nina shudders and arches her hips up as she pulls at 
her bindings. She moans and looks down, watching Mrs. 
Perkins lowering her hips, causing more of the phallus 
to slowly slide into her. She pulls hard against her 
bound knees, wrists and ankles, twisting around on top 
of the table.. Nina closes her eyes and tilts back her 
head, groaning as she feels the extraordinary 
sensation of the plastic mushroom-shaped head pushing 
deep within her body.
	
	Sarah is also quite turned-on, feeling the body 
impaled beautiful light brown girl trembling under 
her. She slowly arches her hips down and into the 
girl, all bound, helpless below her on the kitchen 
table. Sarah looks into Nina's beautiful mocha-brown 
face as she slowly eases her hips further downward, 
causing the dildo to become fully lodged inside the 
supple young woman, spread and bound under her on the 
kitchen table.
	
	The older woman is on her knees between the 
girl's wide bound legs, her hands on either side of 
Nina's head. She arches her hips back, pulling the 
dildo a few inches out of the pliant girl's pussy, she 
then slowly slides the dong back inside again. Sarah 
is amused as Nina's entire body quivers with each 
downward insertion. She sets up a slow, easy fucking 
rhythm, steadily pushing the dong in and out of the 
young woman. With each thrust the rubbery nubbins 
inside of the strap-on rasps and press deliciously 
against the older woman's clit. 
	
	Sarah lowers her body so her breasts push and rub 
along Nina's firm young tits, to the same increasing 
beat of her thrusting rhythm. Both women close their 
eyes, enjoying their lusty carnal contact. Their 
heated bodies covered in a sweaty sheen. Sarah now 
begins to fully thrust in and out of the girl. Nina 
groans in responds, rising her hips as much as she can 
in her limited movement, to meet the incredible 
downward thrusting of the older woman on top of her. 
The old oaken table creeks slightly but easily holds 
the weight of the two vigorously copulating woman. 
Sarah is having a great time and wants to make her 
first strap-on fucking of this young woman to last as 
long as possible. She senses Nina's approaching orgasm 
and greatly slows her thrusting. Once Nina calms a 
little Sarah restarts the pumping cycle over again. 
The older woman does the same for herself, slowing or 
speeding her own rhythm, staving off cumming for as 
long as possible. 
	
	The older woman looks down at the girl undulating 
under her. Sarah completely enjoys the tremendous 
sensuality of Nina's young heated brown body sliding 
and pressing against her own. As she continues 
thrusting into the girl Sarah reaches down and brushes 
her lips along Nina's exposed neck. She kisses the 
girl up from her neck, to Nina's cheeks, and then onto 
the girl's lips. Their lips press and slither  
together, Sarah hold and maintains the kiss while 
continuing to pump in and out of the girl with her 
attached phallus. 
	
	Both woman are now producing large flows of love 
juice. The sticky fluid covers their pussies and 
thighs, soaking into the pillow under Nina's bouncing 
butt and pooling on the polished tabletop.
	
	Sarah continues fucking bound young woman 
trembling and quivering under her. Nina moans and 
whimpers, going out of her mind with libidinous 
frustration. Her lips tremble against Sarah's as she 
quakes and mewls every time the older woman slowly 
withdraws the bumpy dildo from her grasping slippery 
pussy, only to grunt loudly with fierce carnal 
pleasure as the older woman plunges the thing back 
into her sopping love tunnel. This endless cycle of 
lascivious pleasure combines with the delicious 
sensation of the older woman's nipples and breasts 
pressing and rubbing along her own erect nipples, 
still sensitive from the clamps. Nina's begins to 
loose her grip on reality, somehow this ferocious 
woman is forcing her to stay on the constant brink of 
orgasm, and cleverly not allowing the poor girl to 
fall into it! Nina feels herself transcending into a 
kind of bizarre stretched-out, pancaked, love slave, 
pleasure puppet, writhing and twisting, bound naked 
under this wonderful sex-demon woman! Every part of 
her young body saturated with wanton lust and desire. 
	
	Sarah watches Nina's face as she continues 
thrusting in and out of the bound girl. She spies the 
young woman trying to concentrate on having an orgasm. 
Nina opens her mouth in an attempt at articulation. 
	
	"Oh! Aaah! Oh! Ummmm."
	
	"Mmm, yes, my slut-girl, how can help you?" Sarah 
replies, on the downward cycles of her thrust. 
	
	"Ooh, Lady, plllleassse! Y-you, you, yyyyou got 
to let me cum!"
	
	"Do you promise to be a good little girl-slut?"
	
	"Oh! Yes, yes, yyes, yyeeesss! Fuck me! Fuck me! 
Please fuck mmeee, Oh! Oh! Ooooh! please, please don't 
stop!" Nina cries out, sobbing and shaking violently 
in her bindings. 
	
	Sarah increases her thrusting rhythm into the 
pouting girl. The truth is she can't hold out much 
longer, and senses Nina is at her limit. Now she 
doesn't back down the thrusting pace of the dildo 
pumping in and out of the girl's slippery-wet quim.
	
	Nina cries out in pleasure, her hips moving in 
response to the sudden increase in the older woman's 
magically rhythmic pace. The girl now senses her own 
impending orgasm approaching as an out of control 
freight train.
	
	The intensity of their thrusting reaches a 
fevered pitch. Their sweat sheened bodies loudly slap 
and slide together on the kitchen's tabletop. With 
each downward pump Nina cries out in passionate agony. 
	
	"Aaaarh! Oh! Ooh! Oooooooh! Fuck meeee! Fuck 
meee! Fuck m-meeeee mommy! Fuck me reaaal goood! 
Ohhhhhh, Iiiiiieee-I'm yourrr slut. I'llll bee your 
slut foreverrrr! Pleassse Oooooooh" Nina sobs out 
loud, twisting and arching against her bindings, the 
tabletop and up against the crazed woman fucking her 
senseless.
	
	Sarah lowers her body, molding herself against 
the bound girl. With short, intense strokes her hips 
continue thrusting wildly into Nina. Because she's a 
good deal taller, her chin nestles on top of the 
girl's head. To Sarah, Nina's sweaty body wiggling 
under her own feels wonderful, Nina's face and cheek 
press into Sarah's neck and breast-bone. The two women 
pant, groan, ooze, and shimmy together for a while as 
their shared orgasm explodes outward. A tremendous 
sticky release for their taunt bodies.
	
	
	Later that night Nina curls up against Sarah, 
sound asleep in Sarah kings-sized bed. Earlier Sarah 
unattached the girl from the kitchen table and let her 
clean up a bit. Sarah gently carried the spent girl 
into the bedroom and laid her the bed. Both women were 
satisfied and exhausted after the long fucking 
session. 
	Sarah lies on her back as Nina's head rests on 
her shoulder. As Nina slumbers Sarah runs her finger 
up and down the girl's bare back as she ponders all 
the wondrous possibilities this beautiful young woman 
represents. The potential combinations, the lending 
out to certain friends who would appreciate Nina's 
submissive, youthful charm, the sordid scenarios 
involving specialize hardcore bondage gear.
	It'll be a real new beginning for the girl Sarah 
think to herself.
	
	
	Next Saturday morning Sarah and Nina are seated 
in the back of a yellow taxi-cab speeding uptown. The 
early sun is bright, not too hot yet. Pakistani pops 
songs blare from the cabs dashboard. Nina is smartly 
dressed in a respectable mid-length summer dress, 
brown stockings and red shoes, her long dark hair 
unbound and neatly comb past her shoulder, exactly as 
Sarah instructed. The older woman is pleased by how 
the girl's dress nicely accentuates Nina's soft curves 
and lithesome body without being to trampy. Sarah is 
looking sharp herself, wearing a dark blue pants suit. 
They appear to be two respectable women out on a 
weekend summer shopping spree in New York. Nothing 
could be further from the truth.
	
	Nina is excited, expectant and fidgety as the cab 
bounces up Eighth Avenue. The last seven days have 
been an extraordinary waiting game for the girl. This 
amazing older women sitting next to her, along with 
her Mom, have been busy just about every night, 
plotting Nina's next `session'. They've teased her, 
remorselessly at times, kept her naked, often bound, 
and left in a profoundly high state of excitement.
	
	Sarah is also is excited as the cab flies towards 
their uptown destination. She taking Nina to the next 
level of their budding relationship. She going to 
introduce, and then share Nina with her special circle 
of women friends. But she first wants to confirm that 
Nina is ready for this, and wants to give the girl a 
chance to back out if she wants.
	
	"Nina, baby," Sarah says softy, taking the girl's 
hand in her own as midtown's tall glass buildings 
speed past the cab's windows. "I know we talked 
earlier about what's planned for you at my friend's 
apartment today, but I just want to make sure you're 
really up to it."
	
	"I'm ready, I'm really, really ready for this 
Mrs. Perkins. You know I am." Nina smiles up sweetly 
at the older blond woman.
	
	"Hmm, I guess you are. Do you have any 
questions?"
	
	"Yes. It's a party, right?"
	
	"Yes, a party, a kind of party I guess."
	
	"A party for me."
	
	"Yes Nina, you'll be the special guest of honor."
	
	"Which means?"
	
	"You know what that means baby. We've been 
through this already. When we get there you'll meet my 
friends. You'll be handed over to the party's hostess. 
She a Dom, her name is Betty. She'll position and bind 
you. You'll be on display, from there it's up to her 
discretion. She has a pretty wild imagination, I've 
seen her do some amazing things with young flexible 
ones like yourself."
	
	"O-oh, umm, h-how many?"
	
	"At the party?"
	
	"Ye-yes."
	
	"Oh, I'd say about twenty, twenty women."
	
	Nina closes her eyes and leans back into the seat 
and smiles, shivering slightly.
	
	"Are you sure you still want to go through with 
this baby?" Sarah asks again quietly.
	
	"Yes Mrs. Perkins. You know I wouldn't miss it 
for anything."
	
	"Yes Nina. I know."
	
	Sarah and Nina fall into silent, looking out the 
cab's windows, watching the vendors on Eight Avenue 
opening their shops, getting ready for the weekend 
summer crowd.s
	
	The two woman depart the cab. Sarah leads Nina to 
a nondescript walk-up apartment on Ninety-seventh 
street, between Eighth and Ninth Avenue. It's about 10 
O'clock in the morning and the brutal New York City 
summer heat has yet to set the tarmac baking.
	
	Sarah rings the bell and gets buzzed in. She 
leads the girl to an apartment on the third floor. 
Their met at the door by a tall, attractive middle-
aged black woman wearing a low-cut summer dress that 
shows off her perfect hour-glass shaped build. She 
quickly waves them in.
	
	"Betty!" Sarah smiles and enters the apartment, a 
cautious Nina in tow.
	
	"Hi ya Sarah!" The black woman gives Sarah a 
mighty hug. The three woman stand in the foyer of a 
large, bright old-style apartment, trim and corners 
rounded with many years of repainting.
	
	"And you must be Nina. Wow! You really are a 
young pretty thing, aren't you!" Betty takes hold of 
Nina's hands in a warm greeting as she looks the girl 
up and down. 
	
	"Th-thank you," Nina mumbles as she gulps and 
blushes, staring at her feet.
	
	Sarah puts an arm around Nina. "Betty, our little 
gal here is quite submissive and very responsive, just 
like I told ya. Anal penetration really sends her 
through the roof!"
	
	"Mrs. Perkins! Please!" Nina moans, face red with 
embarrassment. 
	
	"Hm, very interesting." The tall black woman 
considers the young woman carefully. "Well Nina, we're 
going to get to know each other quite well today. But 
right now I need to finish my preparations. Sarah, why 
don't you give our guest the little tour. Some of the 
gals are already here. We'll begin in a few minutes."
	
	"Sure Betty," Sarah her arm around Nina's and 
leads the tentative girl down the hallway. "Come with 
me baby, there's some people I want you to meet."
	
	They move down the hallway. Nina is wide-eyed and 
nervous as they enter a large living room. The morning 
sun slants through the windows, giving the room a 
bright glow. Nina is anxious and excited to find about 
fifteen very pretty, well dressed older woman in the 
room. She sees that the group is a mixed bunch; 
African-American, White, Latino, Asian and a few in 
between.
	
	Sarah greets and chats with a few of her friends, 
introducing the girl around. Nina is shy and demure as 
the older women give her a good look over. One side of 
the living room is arrayed with a jumble of plush 
couches and comfortable chairs.
	
	Nina is slacked-jawed as the other side of the 
room comes into her view. From the opposite wall hangs 
an impressive array of nasty looking gear, a large 
variety of paddles, dildos, chains, wrist cuffs and 
leg restraints. Various benches, slings, and spreader 
bars are pushed into the corner. D-ring style 
`attachment points' dot the walls, a few hoist and 
pulleys systems dangle from the ceiling. She anxiously 
looks the equipment over and shivers in anticipation. 
She excited but wonders what she's gotten herself 
into.
	
	Betty sweeps into the living room and grins at 
Sarah, Sarah winks back.
	
	"All right young Nina, time to get you in proper 
position." The powerfully built black woman comes up 
to Sarah and Nina. Sarah gently pushes Nina forward, 
presenting the girl. Betty smiles and puts an arm 
around Nina's slender shoulders. Nina quakes slightly 
as the tall black woman leads her away from the group 
of woman around the couches and maneuvers her over to 
the equipment side of the room. Betty stops the girl 
directly under one centrally located ceiling hoist. 
The room grows quiet. Sarah and her friends grin, and 
take seats in the chairs and couches facing Betty and 
Nina at the other end of the room. Betty turns the 
girl towards the seated guests.
	
	"Hello all," Betty still has her arm around 
Nina's shoulders as she addresses her guests. "I know 
most of you have already met our guest of honor here. 
But I'll give her a proper introduction now. This 
dark-hair young beauty is Nina Martinez. She was 
brought in by our dear friend Sarah. Nina currently 
lives downtown and is studying dance at NYU. Thank you 
Sarah for bringing the group such a marvelous young 
pup." The room fills with polite clapping, Sarah 
smiles and nods from her perch on the couch. Nina 
gulps, nervous and excited. She's slightly lightheaded 
and embarrassed at being the focus of so much lurid 
attention. Nina also feels the intensity of the gently 
strength of Betty's warm arm over her shoulders, 
holding her still.
	 
	"Nina, I know you just met me a few minutes ago," 
Betty looks down into the girl's doe-like brown eyes 
as they face the small crowd in the bright living 
room. "But I about to become your lover and Mistress 
for a while. I want you to fully understand what I'm 
going to put you through in the next 24 hours. You'll 
be my special house-pet." Nina looks down at the floor 
and blushes, while also feeling intense warmth rising 
from between her legs. Betty gently strokes the back 
of the girl's head and continues.  "You'll be my 
bitch-in-heat, stripped naked, bound, and put on 
display. Your body will be made generally accessible 
to all my party guests. Then I will take my time 
slowly fucking hard you in a number of configurations, 
all according to my whimsy. So, Nina my beautiful 
girl, are you sure you're ready for all this?"
	
	"Y-yes," Nina replies in a small voice. She's 
becoming quite excited and can't believe she's really 
going through with this! She's very much aware of the 
beautiful black woman's body leaning against her.
	
	"I understand that Sarah has gone over the 
group's safe-words and safe-gestures. You know you can 
stop at anytime using these?"
	
	"Yes, I-I understand."
	
	"Good." The black woman holds Nina's shoulders 
with one arm. They're side to side. Betty's free hand 
slowly comes up and gently caresses the young woman's 
flat tummy. 
	
	"Such a nice, youthful body," Betty slowly slides 
her hand upward. "So baby, what kind of dance do you 
study?"
	
	 "Um," Nina trembles, looking down at Betty's 
dark brown hand on her tummy. "I, um, m-modern dance, 
um, you-you know, Martha G-Graham, Tywla Tharp, s-
stuff like that."
	
	"Hmm, very nice. Very nice indeed. Well my sweet 
little one, your tits look simple divine. I going to 
touch with them now." 
	
	"Oh! Umm, okay. Ooow." Nina huffs and bites her 
lower lip as Betty's large brown hand clamps over the 
girl's bosom. Nina looks down, transfixed. The room is 
silence as the black woman's hand slowly travels 
across to the trembling girl's chest. Betty gently 
runs her palm back and forth over Nina's pert breasts, 
and slowly cups, kneads and squeezes the girl's apple-
size globes through the dresses' flimsy material.
	
	"Oh God, Ooooh!" Nina gasps and closes her eyes, 
acutely feeling the black woman's salacious 
manipulations of her breasts.
	
	"Hmm, very, very nice indeed," Betty says, fully 
engaged in her pawing. "So Nina, I don't suppose 
you've ever been stripped and bound in front of a 
bunch of strange woman before?"
	
	"N-no."
	
	"Well little slut, that's about to change. You're 
about to strut your stuff on a very different kind of 
stage. Everyone here wants to see your skinny naked 
ass. So my little bitch, lets get started."
	
	"Oh!" Nina gasps and looks at the floor as Betty 
begins to unzip the back of the girl's dress. 
	
	The guests sip their wine and watch with keen 
interest as Betty undresses the young woman. Strong 
conflicting emotions course through Nina as she lets 
her new mistress undo her dress. Nina's heart is 
pounding as Betty lifts off her flowery dress. She's 
completely mortified being stripped naked by this 
towering woman in front of a group of total strangers. 
But at the same time she's deeply thrilled and 
excited. Betty works fast, removing Nina's shoes, 
stockings, working with efficient dispatch. The black 
woman takes the girl's bra off, and rolls Nina's 
panties down. In no time Nina stands in front of the 
crowd, completely naked. Her discarded clothing lies 
in a chaotic heap on the wooden floor.
	
	Nina is overcome with a sense of keen 
embarrassment. The eyes of everyone in the room bore 
into her naked body. She raises her hands in modestly 
and covers her bare breasts and pussy.
	
	"Put your hands down slut," Betty commands. "As 
our house-pet your role is to be fully displayed, not 
covered. I want my guests see your splendid youthful 
body. So down with those hands bitch!"
	
	"Oh, um, okay." Nina replies, looking at the 
floor and breathing deeply. She puts down her hands. 
	
	"Are you sure your ready for all this?" Betty 
asked Nina 
	
	"Oh Y-yes. Yes." Nina responds.
	
	The young woman stands on the cool wooden floor 
for an uneasy few minutes. Betty and the seated guests 
silently drink in Nina's youthful beauty. 
	
	"All right pet, lets get you properly bound and 
hoisted. Stand right here baby," Betty indicates a 
spot on the floor. "Face our guests and cross your 
hands in front."
	
	Betty carefully positions the girl under one of 
the ceiling pulleys. The black woman quickly takes a 
pair of thick leather cuffs off the wall and straps 
Nina's wrists together. Betty brings down the pulley 
rope from the ceiling and quickly attaches the swivel 
link to the common D-ring connecting Nina's cuffs 
together.
	
	"Up we go sweetheart, relax those arms now." 
Betty instructs as she pulls down on the other side of 
the pulley's rope.
	
	"Oooow!" Nina cries out in bewilderment as her 
cuffed hands are hauled up towards the ceiling. For 
now Betty leaves Nina's hands about eight inches above 
the girl's head, with plenty of slack in the girl's 
arms. She ties off the pulley rope to an eyelet on the 
wall near the equipment rack. She takes a four foot 
spreader from the corner and approaches Nina.
	
	"Spread those legs pet."
	
	"Oh God. Um-umm, I-um, like th-this?" Nina pants 
and spreads her legs.
	
	"Yes just like that slut." Betty crouches down in 
front of the girl and takes hold of Nina's left foot. 
Nina moans as Betty encircles and attaches the young 
woman's ankle to the leather cuff on one end of the 
spreader bar. Betty then takes hold of Nina's knees. 
	
	"Oh my! Oow!" The young woman gasps as Betty 
spreads her legs further apart to meet the length of 
the long metal bar. Nina's legs buckle and wobble as 
Betty attaches her right ankle to the cuff on the 
other end of the long metal spreader bar, locking Nina 
legs into a wide spread position. Betty stands and 
looks down, please with her handiwork. She gives the 
girl's bare rump ass a good slap and pinch.
	
	"Oouch!" Nina huffs, pulling and testing her 
bound ankles.
	
	"Don't you look simply adorable, you need just a 
little adjusting now," Betty smiles as she undoes the 
anchored pulley rope and carefully draws Nina's cuffed 
wrists even higher.
	
	The guests watch with rap attention and aesthetic 
appreciation as Nina is stretched upward. Betty eyes 
Nina carefully as she pulls down on the pulley rope, 
pulling until the naked girl is forced up on her tippy 
toes. Nina groans as she's stretched towards the 
ceiling. She strains against her bound wrists as her 
arms are hauled straight up. The attached spreader bar 
causes Nina's skinny legs to stretch out and her 
knee's to bend slightly inward. Nina quickly learns to 
maintain a somewhat shaky balance between the tips of 
her well-spaced feet on the floor and by pulling down 
on her cuffed hands above her head. Once Betty has 
Nina positioned just right she ties the rope-end back 
around the wall eyelet. 
	
	The Betty approaches the trembling bound girl.
	
	"Hmm, lets take a real good look at you girl."
	
	 She gets behind Nina. The guests watch as Betty 
touches and fondles the back of Nina's well-spread 
legs. Nina shivers and pulls on her bindings as the 
older black woman gently rakes her fingernails over 
the girl's naked back. Betty's dark hands make a 
striking contrast against the girl's lighter mocha 
colored body. Nina moans, looking the floor. Sarah and 
the other guests watch in earnest as Betty gently 
kneading the clenched globes of the girl's accessible 
ass. 
	
	The black woman's hands slowly roam over the 
girl's rump, over the flared slender hips, up to 
Nina's taunt tummy and onto the girl's youthful 
breasts. The tall black woman gets behind the bound 
girl, thrusting her hips against Nina's firm naked 
backside while squeezing and pushing up on the girl's 
soft chest.
	
	"Isn't she one of the prettiest house-pets we've 
had in a while?" Betty addresses the seated guests as 
she continues to fondle the young woman's firm globes 
from behind. The crowd murmurs their agreement. Nina 
looks at the floor, groaning and trembling as Betty 
gently tweaks, pinches and rolls the girl's soft 
pliant nipples between her long fingers.
	
	Betty feels the bound girl shiver as she applies 
her tongue between Nina's shoulder blades, licking 
upward. The black woman softy kisses the back of 
Nina's neck. She nibbles on Nina's ear as her dark 
hands continue working over the girl's tender breasts.
	
	Nina looks down at the hands playing with her 
bare breasts. She closes her eyes and grits her teeth, 
feeling the older woman pressing into her backside. 
She breaths rapidly and can't believe how fast this 
Betty woman stripped her naked, cuffed her hands and 
hoisted them well above her head and then spread her 
legs wide open, attaching her ankles to a long metal 
bar, leaving her barely able to reach the floor. She's 
getting quite excited and turned-on, being bound and 
displayed in front of all these strange women. Sarah 
winks at her from one of the front couches in the 
living room.
	
	Betty reaches down and runs her fingernails over 
Nina's soft ass cheeks. The bound girl yelps, twisting 
in her bound, bent-forward position. 
	
	"It looks like our little house-pet is missing a 
tail," Betty teases, patting Nina's ass cheeks. "We'll 
have to remedy that situation, can't have a pet 
without a tail. Now can we?"
	
	Betty retrieves a long wine red scarf, a jar of 
lube grease and a thin polished wooden dowel from one 
of the equipment drawers. The scarf is made from a 
soft gauzy fabric. She walks between the bound girl 
and the seated visitors holding up the scarf.
	
	"I think I found your tail Nina."
	
	"M-my tail? H-how?" Nina pants and stammers, 
looking quizzically at scarf.
	
	"My friend Sarah tells me you enjoy having 
objects pumped into your prim little ass. So, to give 
you a nice tail I'll going to stuff this scarf into 
your sweet little butthole." Betty holds the scarf in 
front of Nina's face. "But first let's put a few thick 
knots in it to give your ass an extra-special treat." 
Betty ties a number of large knots along the length of 
the scarf.
	
	"Oh! G-Gawd, Oooh!," Nina stutters, flexing her 
well-spread skinny legs above the long metal bar 
attached to her ankles, her cuffed hands twisting 
above her head, pulling against the ceiling hoist .
	
	Betty leisurely struts behind quivering the girl.
	
	Because Nina's legs are so well spread, Betty has 
easy access to the girl's winking rosebud. She opens 
the lube jelly jar, dips in two finger and pulls out a 
good dollop the grease lube. Nina moans as the tall 
black woman applies a generous amount of cool grease 
directly onto the girl's crinkled rosebud. Once Nina's 
anus is covered with a generous amount of the greasy 
jelly Betty double-wraps the knotted scarf around the 
wooden dowel.
	
	"Just relax now pet."
	
	"Oooow!" Nina whines as Betty presses the rounded 
end of the scarf-wrapped dowel against the girl's now-
oily anus. Nina puts her head down, pulling on the 
hoist rope binding her wrists above her head, shivers 
and groans out loud. She instinctively squats 
slightly, as much as the ankle-attached spreader bar 
allows, and whimpers as the dowel slowly passes into 
her body. The older woman slowly, carefully pushes the 
scarf, and dowel, deeper into the young woman's ass. 
	
	"Oh! Oh God! Oooh my Gawwd! Ooooow!" Nina 
strains, groans, heart pounding as she senses the lewd 
object traveling slowly up and into her anal passage. 
She looks out at Sarah and the other women seated 
around Betty's living room. She sees their apt 
attention intensely focused on the woman's debasing 
actions between her spread and bound legs and becomes 
even more deeply embarrassed and excited at the same 
time.
	
	  Once the dowel's length is inserted about 
halfway into girl's ass, Betty carefully withdraws the 
polished wooden rod, leaving the scarf in place. She 
carefully bunches up more of the material under the 
girl's quivering butt. Nina squirms and whimpers 
quietly as the black woman slowly pushes more of the 
gauzy fabric into her body. The young woman groans as 
the first knot in the scarf passes into her ass. 
Slowly, inch-by-slow-inch, knot-by-knot, the long 
scarf disappears up and into her rectum. Nina feels 
the gauzy material pressing bizarrely and sliding up 
against her insides.
	
	Betty leaves about six inches of the scarf 
hanging out of Nina anus to create a short tail for 
the girl. Betty stands up, gently running her 
fingertips between the sniveling girl's shoulder 
blades. Betty then lewdly squeezes Nina's asscheeks 
together. The bound girl instantly feels the springy 
material obscenely compressing deep inside her butt. 
Nina's flexes her elbows in the bindings, looking up 
at Sarah and the group of seated women lasciviously 
watching her debased ass from across the room. She 
moans and blushes under their intense gaze.
	
	Betty steps back to view her handiwork. She 
enjoys how Nina's young dancers' body stretches 
tautly. The girl's ankles are securely attached to the 
ends of the metal spreader bar, her thin wrists are 
cuffed and attached to the hoist chain on the ceiling 
above the bewildered girl's head.
	
	 "Does our young pup like having her poor little 
ass all stuffed up?" Betty teases, patting Nina naked 
bottom. "Hmm, I wonder we're we should begin?"
	
	"I-I, um." Nina stammers, twisting and balancing 
between the ceiling hoist and spreader bar.
	
	"I know just the thing!" The dark older woman 
exclaims while rummaging through one of her many 
equipment cabinets that line her living room wall. 
Betty pulls out a large red rubber ballgag and a black 
scarf. Nina shivers when she sees the items in Betty's 
hand. Rubber ballgags are one of the many strange 
pieces of equipment her mother and Sarah informed her 
about. Betty swaggers in front of the bound girl. She 
takes hold of Nina's chin and plays her thumb over the 
girl's pouty lips. 
	
	"Umm, oophuuaaarg, mmm!" Nina gurgles and shakes 
as the powerful older woman slips her thumb between 
Nina's soft lips. She feels the woman's digit deep 
inside her mouth, pinning her tongue down and moving 
her jaw lower.
	
	"Aaaawthpth," Nina gurgles. 
	
	"Easy, easy there baby, just need to open your 
mouth wide enough to slip in this big rubber ball," 
Betty says as she gently works open the girl's small 
mouth. "Then I'll put your blindfold on."
	
	Nina's eyes cross for a moment as Betty brings 
the large rubber ball up to her face. The older woman 
withdraws her thumb and presses the ballgag between 
Nina's wide open mouth. Nina lips touch the ball, she 
tastes rubber, and attempts to relax her face, 
breathing deeply through her nose. Betty gently takes 
hold of the bound girl's cheeks and slowly pushes the 
ball into Nina mouth with her long thumbs. Nina moans 
as her lips slowly slide fully open, thinning out to 
completely stretch over the ball's smooth rubbery 
surface. The women on the couch watch, transfixed, as 
the girl's skinny naked legs flex, and her ankles 
shake at the end of the long metal spreader bar. Nina 
hangs forward on her arms, bound and hoisted high 
above her head. The tall black woman gently 
manipulates the bound girl's face. Nina's neck strains 
forward, her eyes flutter and squint shut while 
Betty's thumbs push the widest part of the rubber ball 
past the girl's outstretched lips.  
	
	Nina doesn't remember ever taking anything so 
huge into her mouth before. She senses the rubber 
ballgag sliding into place behind her teeth. The ball 
presses against the roof of her mouth and pins her 
tongue down flat. She grunts as Betty fastens and 
tightens the straps attached to the side of ball 
behind Nina's head. She feels her lips stretch, just a 
bit more, as the ball's straps press along the side of 
her head.
	
	Betty quickly loops the scarf around the girl's 
eyes and head, blindfolding as well as muting the 
bound girl. Nina gulps as suddenly everything goes 
dark.
	
	"Okay ladies," Betty addresses the small crowd of 
women in her living room, her hand resting lightly on 
top of Nina's naked butt. "Our little house-pet is 
bound, gagged, butt-stuffed, and blindfolded. Let's 
follow the proper forms now. You all can get up, and 
mingle a bit more. Feel free to fondle, tweak and play 
with our little bitch's sweet bound body here. Believe 
me, this little beauty ain't going nowhere soon." 
Betty gives Nina's stuffed ass a good slap, causing 
the bound girl to let loose a muffled moan through her 
ballgagged mouth. "You can touch our little tramp here 
in just about any way you want, but stay away from her 
pussy. I'm going to take my time, fucking our house-
pet later, so that hole is mine, reserved for me 
alone."
	
	Nina throat groans through the rubber ball, 
embarrassed at the woman's forthrightness. She flexes 
her legs, the spreader bar causes her inside thigh 
muscles to slightly strain outward. She can't believe 
she's doing this! This woman Betty is so wonderfully 
nasty. Nina's pussy has become sopping wet as Betty 
applied each new binding to her. She can't see a thing 
now because of the blindfold, but hears the women in 
the living room moving around, getting up and coming 
towards her, their heels clacking on the living room's 
wooden surface, approaching her bound form. 
	
	The oncoming women see the naked young woman 
trembling in her bondage. They enjoy how Nina's 
spreader-bar-attached ankles are held tautly apart, 
how the girl's waist bends forward, causing her narrow 
back to arch forward against her hoisted cuffed wrists 
bound above her head, lewdly pushing out her now-
pointy wrinkled dark brown nipples and firm, apple-
sized breasts. The girl's pretty angular face is well 
plugged with a nasty black rubber ballgag and 
blindfolded by a long scarf knotted behind her head. 
Nina's long beautiful black hair is now loose, except 
where it's held tightly to her face by the gag and 
blindfold, the rest cascades down her slim shoulders 
and bare back.
	
	"Mmm, what a nice bound little bitch." Nina hears 
the women collecting around her commenting openly on 
her wicked predicament. "It'll be fun watching Betty 
fuck this young hussy silly, I'll bet she's a real 
moaner."
	
	Nina startles when the first of their hands begin 
touching her bound naked form. She continues to 
carefully balance on the balls of her spreader-bar 
bound feet. She groans and trembles as several hands 
roam freely over her body. She whimpers into her 
ballgag as they caress, pinch and squeeze her tummy, 
thighs, buttocks, nipples and breasts.
	
	"Hey baby," Nina hears Sarah whispering in her 
ear. "You look simple divine, hanging naked by your 
arms." Sarah gently kisses the bound girl's ear, and 
snakes her long tongue into it. Nina is shocked by the 
sudden wet, slippery sensation against her head, 
especially when added to the feeling of the relentless 
hands tweaking and fondling her body. Nina gasps into 
the rubber ballgag as Sarah slowly laps a few times 
behind Nina's ear.
	
	Many women now surround the bent forward bound 
girl. Their hands probe and tweak the young woman's 
pliant, firm physique. All this attention is rocketing 
Nina into a profoundly high state of excitement. One 
tall dark-haired woman pulls on and kneads Nina's 
pointy nipples and soft breasts. A short, well-
endowed, blonde squeezes Nina's asscheeks together, 
and then pulls the girl's cheeks apart. Nina shivers 
as she's instantly reminded of the thick fabric ball 
stuffed up her ass. 
	
	"Hmm, what a funny little tail our poor lass 
has," the blonde says, spying the six inches of the 
knotted red scarf hanging out of Nina's rosebud. The 
woman grabs the end of the scarf and begins to gently 
pull the thick material out of the girl's anus. Nina 
blushes and whimpers deeply into the ballgag at the 
lurid sensation of the material slowly slidings out of 
her anus
	
	The surrounding women watch, with great 
amusement. Nina whimpers into the ballgag as her 
rosebud bulges outward around the first large knot in 
the scarf. She winces as the thick knot passes out of 
her body. Nina quivers and twists in her bindings, 
balancing carefully on her spreader-bar bound feet. 
The women continue pulling out the scarf lewdly 
stuffed into her butt. She squirms as she hears them 
giggling. The progress of the scarf slows as each knot 
comes up. Nina gasps and the blonde pulls harder. 
Nina's ass finally relaxes. Her anal ring expands 
fully, allowing the knots to easily pass freely from 
of the girl's butt. Nina whimpers into the ballgag as 
the last knot is dragged from her ass. Polite applause 
greets the event, the blonde holds up the end of the 
scarf and places it in a bag to be washed later.
	
	"Well ladies, I'm glad your enjoying our little 
pet." Betty says, strutting into the living room 
wearing nothing but a leather push-up bra that shows 
off her ample bosom, a deeply contoured black plastic 
strap-on dildo and a pair of  high heel shoes. "Please 
takes your seats. You can watch as I give our little 
student here a thoroughly proper thrusting."
	
	The crowd murmurs their approval and appreciation 
at Betty's appearance. They move back to their seats 
in the living room. Betty walks up to the bound girl. 
She reaches around a unclips Nina's ballgag and undoes 
the scarf from the girl's head. The girl's lips smack 
together as the large rubber ball slips out, her 
cheeks tingle and flatten back to a normal shape.
	
	"O-oh, wow," Nina says, dazed and blinking, 
hanging from her arms fettered and hoisted above her 
head. The vision of Betty in front of her, nearly 
naked, with the thick dong bouncing between her 
Mistress' legs instantly causes her pussy to twitch in 
anticipation.
	
	Betty lifts Nina chin and kisses the girl 
sensually. The older woman's lips press and seal 
against Nina's. The bound girl moans as their tongues 
fiercely slip, slurp and dance together. Betty breaks 
the kiss, and steps back, looking the girl up and 
down. 
	
	"Okay baby, lets turn you around a bit, so our 
audience can get a good side view of my copulation 
with your slutty young body." 
	
	"Um, a-all right," Nina replies in a haze as 
Betty walks the heated girl around. Nina's ankles are 
still well fastened to the long metal spreader bar, 
forcing her skinny legs apart. She inches carefully 
over on her tiptoes, pivoting around on the point 
where her hoisted wrists are cuffed to the ceiling 
hook above her head.
	
	Sarah and the rest of the seated women now have a 
wonderful side view of the spreader bar bound young 
woman. Betty runs her fingers lightly over Nina's 
forward-arched back and pliant buttocks.
	
	"Nina, my little pet," the tall black woman says, 
staring at the naked bound girl's butt, deep in 
thought. "I think your lovely young ass need a good 
spanking. A little warmer-upper before we really get 
down to business."
	
	"Sp-spankin?" Nina asks, somewhat worried, 
twisting around in her hoisted cuffed arms.
	
	"Yes babycakes," Betty walks over to her 
equipment shelf. She selects a two foot long by 4 inch 
black plastic paddle, and walks over to the bound 
girl's body and gently runs it over Nina's buttocks. 
"Such a lovely little ass needs a proper spanking 
every now and then."
	
	"Umm, M-mistess, um," Nina gurgles in her excited 
state, feeling the paddle rubbing along her bare 
backside.
	
	"Yoow!" Nina suddenly yelps out loud and gasps as 
Betty gives the girl her first whack. Betty proceeds 
with the spanking, not too hard, just enough to warm 
the girl's ass. Everyone in the room appreciates how 
the young woman's body shakes forward, ass giggling 
and tits bouncing with each loud smack. 
	
	Nina clenches and groans, feeling the intense 
heat welling out from her backside with 
	with each loud slap. She has been stripped, 
bound, hung, teased, tweaked, stuffed and is now being 
spanked! The poor girl is going out of her mind with 
frustration and desire. She's beyond being coy and 
embarrassed in front of so many strange women. When 
her blindfold came off and she saw her Mistress 
wearing that marvelously nasty strap-on dildo. The 
vision left Nina fantasizing about being deeply 
penetrated by the thing.
	
	Once Betty is satisfied by the slight redness and 
heat rising off Nina's buttocks, she stop the 
spanking. She puts the paddle away and approaches the 
girl's backside. 
	
	"All right, Pet," Betty says, looking between 
Nina's spreader bar clamped legs. "Are you ready for a 
proper fucking from your Mistress?"
	
	"O-oh, p-please, mmm-Mistresss, I-I'm sooo r-
ready." Nina replies, twisting and pulling on her 
cuffed wrists hoisted high above her head as tears of 
frustration run down her angelic face.
	
	"Very well then." Betty is all smiles as she 
saddles up behind the bound naked young woman. The 
older woman stands directly behind Nina's spreader bar 
and presses her hips and strap-on tightly along the 
back of Nina's exposed ass and thighs.
	
	"Aaaaah! Oooompph," Nina moans and mewls in pure 
delight. The tall black woman presses into Nina, 
causing the attached dildo to slide lasciviously 
between the girl's heated buttcheeks, and to smooth 
and slide along the bottom of her sopping pussy.
	
	To Betty, this is a magical moment, the naked 
young woman looks and feels great, bound and stretched 
out in front of her. She gently arches her hips 
upward, causing her attached dong to move around 
against the bound girl's pussy. Betty is amused, 
looking down she feels and sees Nina's naked ass 
wiggling against her hips. The girl's upper thighs 
clench and grasp at Betty's strap-on dildo, in a vain 
attempt for more stimulation. 
	
	The older woman truly enjoys Nina's warm naked 
flesh pressing against her own. Her dildo is designed 
with a number of small rubbery nubbins that slide 
wonderfully against her clit. Betty takes hold of the 
trembling girl's slim waist in front of her own. Nina 
startles and groans as Betty hands travels up and down 
her arched naked back. 
	
	Nina is intensely aware of the older woman's hips 
pressing into her, and even more so of the bulbous 
dong sliding outside her sopping pussy. She pulls down 
on her cuffed arms above her head, shifting up and 
down on her spreader-bar joined ankles. Betty leans 
down over the girl's back and gives Nina little loves 
bites and kisses along the young woman's bare 
shoulders. Betty reaches under Nina and ardently 
squeezes the young woman's firm apple size tits. 
	
	"Oooow!"
	  
	"So babycakes," Betty coos into the fettered 
girl's ear while continuing to knead and pinch Nina's 
supple breasts. "Is the House Pet ready for a damn 
good proper fucking?"
	
	"Y-yes, p-p-p-please, M-mistress, oooh, p-p-
pleeaasssse." Nina whines plaintively, twisting in her 
bindings and staring out into space. She bumps and 
presses herself back against the older woman behind 
her. 
	
	"All right little bitch, here it comes," Betty 
leers as she reaches between her legs to carefully 
position and angle the attached dong. She smiles, 
looking up and over the tethered, quivering dark hair 
beauty before her. She slowly pushes forward, 
inserting the bulbous plastic head between the young 
woman's wet pussy lips. Nina groans and shakes in her 
bindings. The sensation of the dong moving inside her 
feels truly wonderfully to the teased and aroused 
girl. Betty's large hands take hold of Nina's hips and 
pushes forward into the girl.
	
	Sarah and the rest of the crowd have a perfect 
side view of nude girl, with her ankles spreader-bar 
bound and torso bent forward as the dark woman stands 
commandingly behind her. They watch breathlessly, as 
the contoured black plastic dildo protruding from the 
older woman's hips slowly disappears between the 
girl's quivering upper thighs and reddened asscheeks. 
Nina huffs and looks down, panting as the penetration 
continues, hanging from her bound wrists hoisted above 
her head. She arches up on her tiptoes, slightly 
flexing her spreader-bar connected legs. 
	
	"Yes! Oh, oh yes! Yes! Fuck meee. Please, 
pleeaase! Fuck meee g-good!" Nina gasps out loud on 
the verge of incoherence.
	
	"Why aren't you the wanton little shut. All right 
baby, here it comes!" 
	
	Betty holds Nina's hips firmly from behind and 
slowly pushes the strap-on phallus forward into the 
girl. The black woman fully enjoys the supreme sense 
of power she has over little Nina, bent forward and 
supine before her. Betty is amazed at how easily the 
plastic dong slides into the young woman. The older 
woman senses through the strap-on that Nina is 
incredibly tight but also extremely wet and slippery 
at this point. Betty slowly inserts two-thirds of the 
dildo into the mocha-colored beauty bound fast before 
her. She then quickly thrusts her hips forward, 
completely sinking the strap-on the rest of the way 
into Nina in one quick step.
	
	"Oooow, oh yes! Yes! Oooow!" Nina groans, twists 
and bites her lower lip, dancing on her spreader-bar 
bound tippy toes, feeling the wonderfully delirious 
fullness of the older woman's bulbous plastic dong 
buried deep inside her. While holding the girl's hips 
steady, Betty pulls completely out. Nina pulls against 
her cuffed wrists hoisted above her head and sobs out 
loud in frustrated disappointment. 
	
	"All right bitch," Betty smile down at Nina while 
gripping the girl's waist, "you seem quite, quite 
ready, so honeycheeks here it comes again!" The older 
woman insert the dong back into Nina and begins 
pumping in and out of the young woman with forceful, 
slow strokes. A loud wet smacking sound is heard 
throughout the living room every time Betty's hips 
meets the girl's naked ass. Nina moans and squirms in 
her bindings, surrendering to the pleasure coming from 
the mushroom shaped head tunneling lewdly in and out 
of her slippery quim. 
	
	Sarah and the other seated woman watch in 
amazement at the two females vigorously copulating in 
front of them. The older woman's intense plunging 
causes Nina's bound, bent forward lithe body to jerked 
back and forth in her bindings, cycling up and down on 
her tippy toes with each new forward thrust.
	
	Nina's breasts freely bounce and her jet black is 
a mess around her face and shoulders where her arms 
reach up to her cuffed and hoisted wrists. They see 
the girl's sticky love fluid slowly seeping down the 
inside's of her skinny thighs with each thrusting 
cycle.
	
	Betty looks down at Nina's sculptured back and 
shoulders. She slides her hands up from Nina's waist 
while maintaining her pistoning rutting into the girl. 
Nina groans as Betty runs her hands up over the girl's 
hips and around to the young woman's peachy tits.
	
	"Umm," Betty intones as she resume her tight hold 
on Nina's hips, continuing her powerful  thrusting. 
"I'm really, really enjoying giving you the good 
fucking, you little mothing-fucking harlot. Y-yes, you 
seem to be taking it in quite well, you little bitch-
slut. Sucking my big dong right into your slutty 
little fuck-hole." Betty picks up the pace of her 
pumping, Nina puts her head down and gasps in 
response. 
	
	"Oooow, ooh, th-that's so wondering," Nina says, 
bending her knees slightly. She bends as much as her 
spreader-bar bound ankles allow, further impaling 
herself onto the older woman. 
	
	Betty senses Nina's orgasm approaching and stops 
cold. The heated girl gasps and whimpers loudly in 
frustrated disappointment. The older woman considers a 
new approach and slowly pulls the bulbous strap-on out 
of the bound girl's swollen pussy. Nina struggles and 
pulls against her bindings. She arches back against 
the black woman behind her and sobs. Betty reaches 
over to a nearby shelf and grabs a plastic container 
of Vaseline jelly and quickly coats the glistening 
dong with the stuff. 
	
	"All right babycakes, on with the show! Pucker up 
that sweet little ass. I going to thoroughly enjoy 
slowly sticking my plastic friend here into your tight 
little asshole. Bitch, I'm gonna give your butt one 
good nasty fucking. You're going learn all about my 
method of slow ass pumpin'." 
	
	"Oh God! Ummm, I, Oh!" Nina stammers in a daze. 
She suddenly senses the flared wedged shaped head 
pressing against her rosebud. Her anus is already 
lubed and well loosened from having the long scarf 
stuffed her inside earlier. 
	
	Everyone in the living room is quiet as the older 
woman looks down and pushes her hips forward. Betty 
moves the thick dong slowly, tenderly against the 
girl's winking rosebud. Nina shakes against the long 
spreader holding her cuffed legs wide open. She winces 
and looks down at the floor, biting her lower lip and 
tries desperately to relax her baseside . 
	
	"Ooh, a-aaarh, oh! Oh God! Oh!" the bound girl 
gasps as the thick plastic head slowly enters her 
rear. Nina flexes downward on her spreader-bar 
restrained legs. Suddenly it seems that she's about 
the pass the largest bowel movement in her life! She 
blushes deeply as she quickly realizes that the 
sensation is cause by her Mistress' plastic dong 
moving into her body, not out!
	
	Betty doesn't want to hurt the girl, and lets 
Nina's ass set the pacing for insertion. The plastic 
phallus slowly sinks a full inch into the young 
woman's rectum. Nina gasps and groans. She puts her 
head down and pulls hard against her bound legs. She 
involuntarily tightens up, halting the dong's progress 
into her anal passage. 
	
	"Now, now, babycakes,"  the older black woman 
coos behind the bound girl. "We'll have none of this! 
You've got to relax those sweet cheeks and open up 
that sweet little ass to your Mistress. Come now pet, 
let your Mistress in. Hmm, maybe this will help."
	
	"Ooow!" Nina moans, very much aware of the dildo 
partially stuck into her ass. Betty reaches her hand 
around to the young woman's hips and slowly slides 
down, massaging Nina's swollen pussy lips. 
	
	"Aaaah." Nina pants, twisting under her cuffed 
hoisted wrists above her head.
	 
	The older woman user her other hand to reach 
around to the girl's chest. Betty quickly sticks two 
fingers completely into the girl's slippery quim, 
using her thumb to press against the girl's pointy 
clit. Betty uses her other hand to squeezes Nina left 
breast.
	
	"Oh! I-I-aaah! Oh!" Nina moans, shimmies, flexing 
on her spreader-bar bound legs and pulling against her 
bound wrists above her head.
	
	Betty continues to stroke Nina's breasts and 
slippery pussy lips as she begins to gently roll her 
hips up and down, and back and forth. This causes the 
bulbous head of the inserted dildo to lewdly rotate 
around just inside the girl's anus. She wants the girl 
to slowly get use to the feeling of having the large 
plastic shaft inside her rectum.
	
	"Oh God! Ooooh!" Nina twists, turns, and dangles, 
sensing her wonderful tormentress behind her, raining 
down the most exquisite pleasure across her prostrated 
body.
	
	"All right baby. Try to relax now. I going to 
start pushing forward again." Betty coos in the young 
woman's ear while continuing her manipulations from 
behind. 
	
	"Ooow, Oooow!" Nina gurgles and twists in her 
bindings, sensing the plastic shaft pressing forward 
against her rectum.
	
	"Easy does it now sweetcheeks. Come on now baby, 
open up this sweet little ass for a good nasty butt 
fucking by your Mistress." Betty gently eases her hips 
forward.
	
	Nina looks up with a faraway gaze in her eyes as 
she contemplates Betty's lurid request, intensely 
aware of the large artificial object moving around 
inside her rosebud. Betty arches her hips forwards, 
gently increasing the pressure on the dildo.
	
	"Oooow! Oh God!" Nina gulps and twists under her 
cuffed hands.
	
	"Hey baby, are you sure your ready for this?"
	
	The young woman pulls on her attached wrists, 
bound and hoisted above her head, and turns slightly 
around in an attempt to take a peek behind her. She 
can't believe this is happening! Being bound and 
sodomzied up the ass with a fake plastic dick in front 
of all these pretty ladies! 
	
	"Ooow. Yes! Oh yes! Ooow! Oh my God! Yes! Oooow!"
	
	The thick greasy shaft continues to make very 
slowly progress into the girl's rear. Nina huffs and 
exhales, sensing her anal ring dimpling inward and 
dilating open, thinning around the lewd object. She 
trembles as her rear hole slowly expands around the 
oncoming hard plastic shaft.
	
	"Oh! Ooh! Ooooow! Oh God!" Nina blurts out.
	
	Betty feels something give deep inside the girl. 
Nina sobs as the dildo suddenly jerks forward a few 
good inches. The young bound woman whimpers and howls. 
The oily bulbous head traveling up her rectum suddenly 
feels somewhat more passable.
	
	"Ooooow! Eeeeoooow!" Nina gurgles and dances on 
her toes as a faint wet smacking sound of oily plastic 
on pliant pink skin is heard through out the living 
room. The large sculptured length of the greasy 
plastic dildo slowly moves another inch into the young 
woman's lissome, bent forward body. Betty looks down 
and presses her hips forward, enjoying the sight of 
the thick pole slowly sinking into the bull's eye of 
the girl's thinned anal ring.
	
	"Oooooow!" Nina continues to pant and twist in 
her bindings. A sheen of perspiration glistens from 
her naked coppery-brown body.
	
	"That's it baby, there we go. Your ass is taking 
it in quite well now. Yes, in we go." Betty 
encourages, pressing her hips forward while holding 
and guiding Nina's hips back into the plastic dong.
	
	"Oooooow! Oh God! Oh! Oooh! Ooooow!"
	
	Nina whimpers, feeling a peculiar, yet remarkably 
pleasurable fullness swelling up and out from her 
impaled buttocks. She sighs as her anus involuntarily 
makes repeated attempts to clutch and close around the 
oily plastic shaft. The entire length of the dildo is 
now almost completely implanted inside the girl's 
anus. Betty maintains her tight grip on the young 
woman's hips as she carefully finishes pushing the 
strap-on fully into Nina's body.
	
	The audience of women seated around the carnally 
united pair watches with rapt attenttion. Betty's 
sinuous black body presses behind the supine, bent 
forward form of young Nina. They truly enjoy the side 
view of the young woman's naked mocha-brown body; how 
her pretty face responds to each new depravation 
introduced by her dark mistress; how her knees bend 
inward from where her ankle-cuffs attach to the long 
spreader bar, forcing the young woman's long skinny 
legs well apart; how Nina slowly rises up off the 
wooden floor to her high tippy-tippy toes as Betty 
steadily sinks the black plastic strap-on between the 
girl's firm, quivering buttcheeks; and how Nina's 
lively bucking body twists and turns under the chain 
attached to her thick wrist cuffs hoisted and tied off 
well above the girl's head.
	
	"Oh God! Oooooow. Oh, Ooh my, Ooh, G-g-gaaawd! 
Nina shifts and gurgles, gazing intensely at the 
floor.
	
	Betty looks down in triumph over the bound young 
woman stretched before her. She stares down at a 
truly, truly amazing sight. The girl's rosy crinkled 
anal ring ripples and clenches in coarse spastic 
graspings around the base of the long contoured 
plastic dong now deeply embedded within the girl's 
lithe derriere.
	
	"Well ladies," Betty addresses the crowd in her 
living room as she takes hold of the girl's slim 
waist. "Our little pet here has completely taken my 
strap-on dildo up her pert little ass. And as you can 
see our little slut here is very responsive." Betty 
shakes and shimmies her hips in short pulsating jabs 
causing Nina to instantly shudder and bounce on the 
shaft in response.
	
	"Aaah! Oooow! Oooooow!" Nina's lower lip quivers, 
she pulls against her spreader-bar bound ankles and 
tugs on her cuffed wrists above her head. With great 
intimacy she feels the thickly veined plastic dildo 
wickedly sliding around deep inside her impaled 
bumhole.
	
	"Eoooooow!" 
	
	"Okay my pretty little hole," Betty says, looking 
down over Nina. The tall black woman's fingers spread 
wide where she grips the girl's waist. "Do you enjoy 
being skewed up the ass with my of my nastiest plastic 
dicks?"
	
	"I-I! Oh God! Y-yes, Yes. Oooh. I-I like it. Oooh 
I-I-I l-love it. Ooh!" Nina managers to gasp out.
	 
	"Hmm, just as I though. Well, now that we know my 
special strap-on dick fits nicely up your sassy little 
ass I'm gonna give your little butthole the proper 
fucking it deserves." Betty pulls the girl's waist 
towards her. The strap-on lurches inside Nina's ass as 
Betty plants her feet firmly on the floor in 
preparation.
	
	"Oh! Oh! Oh God! Oooow! Eeoow," Nina mewls, rolls 
her head around and dances on her tippy toes as she 
feels the thick dong moving deep inside her rectum 
again. Nina moans and looks at the floor as a deep 
blush blooms across her cheeks. Her long dark cascades 
wildly over her bare shoulders, a few loose strands 
are plastered across her sweaty forehead. Nina shakes 
and groans, twisting in her bindings, she's been 
relentlessly teased, bound, poked and prodded by this 
wonderfully wicked mistress-lover and is now gasping 
and panting hard in a high state of excitement and 
over-stimulation.
	
	"Aaaah, Oh Gaaawwd. Ooooooooh!" Nina groans as 
the strong black woman holds her slim waist and slowly 
withdraws the thick dildo from the girl's grasping 
rosebud. Nina trembles and groans as she feels the 
contoured plastic sliding out past her clenching 
rosebud. 
	
	Betty pulls the dong almost entirely out of the 
girl's ass.
	
	The black older woman gently, but firmly presses 
her hips forward again, slowly reinserting the plastic 
phallus back into the girl's well-puckered anus. 
	
	"Oh God! Oh! Ooooaaaphh!" Nina gurgles as the 
plastic dong moves slowly back inside her body. A 
soft, oily smacking is heard throughout the living 
room.
	
	"There we go, sweetcheeks. Yup. You're little 
butt is taking it very well. Yes, yes there we go, my 
darling little girl-whore!" Betty grins down at the 
bound girl and holds fast to Nina's hips. The older 
woman steadily, and with great vigor, begins pumping 
the thick dong in and out of the young woman's tender 
ass. 
	
	"Aaah! Oh God! Oooooooow!" Nina wiggles and 
shakes hard in her bindings.
	
	"Yes, yes there we go! Oh yea! I'm fucking you up 
the ass, you teasing little bitch! Ah yes! Fucking a 
big, honkin dildo in and out of your tight little 
ballerina's ass." Betty enjoys the slapping contact 
her hips make against Nina's well heated asscheeks.
	
	"Oooh! Ooooow! M-Mistress Lady P-please, Oh God! 
Oh! Oooooh!" Nina bounces, sobs, and trembles 
viscerally at the incredibly nasty and wonderfully 
sublime sensation of the large object now moving 
easily in and out of her anus. The feeling of the 
greasy thick shaft luridly sliding in and out of her 
ass is overwhelming. Beside the feeling of profound 
skewerment, is Nina's sensation of being lost in the 
double whammy of being well bound and held still while 
getting her ass fucked at the same time. She feels the 
Mistress woman's strong hands holding her by the 
waist, combined with the incredibly exhilaration of 
the older woman's muscular legs repeatedly slapping 
hard against the back of her own thighs and butt 
cheeks.
	
	Nina moans. Her anal ring tingles and quivers at 
the unceasing movement of the greasy-slippery dong 
rasping in and out of her body. Every time Betty 
presses the dildo forward Nina feels her rosebud 
slowly flexing inward and around the oncoming shaft in 
response. Inversely, as Betty pulls out, Nina is 
acutely aware of her anus stretching outward, 
obscenely gripping and clenching around the retreating 
dong. Her body tightens and trembles as she pulls 
against her spreader-bar attached ankles and dangles 
from her wrists cuffed and hoisted above her head. She 
groans and whimpers in a haze of unstoppable lusty 
euphoria. A wet-slapping rhythmic smacking sound 
resonates throughout the room every time Betty 
smoothly drives the thick plastic dildo back into 
Nina's tender and now extremely rubbery rosebud. 
	
	Betty takes her hands off the girl's waist and 
lets her hips continue pumping into the girl's butt. 
The older woman experiments by rocking her hips at 
different angles in and out of the groaning young 
woman's increasingly elastic anus. While maintaining 
her thrusting pace, Betty leans slightly forward over 
Nina's bare back and reaches both hands around to 
squeeze and grip the girl's bouncing breasts.
	
	"All right my little butt-fucked beauty, you can 
cum for us now." Betty coos into the girl's ear as she 
takes hold of Nina's pointy nipples. Betty squeezes 
and roughly kneads Nina's firm, apple-sized breasts. 
The older woman pinches, pulls, and rolls the young 
woman's small pointy nipples between her thumb and 
forefingers. All the while her hips and attached 
strap-on maintain a steady, gliding pumping action in 
and out of the girl's rear. 
	
	"Ooooooooooophh!" Nina huffs, heaves, arches and 
twists in response. Her awareness shifting, flashing 
prickly up and down her spread limbs and chest. 
Finally focusing, anchoring around her well exercised 
bottom. Her broiling consciousness changes, morphs. 
She becomes a ring of tough, rubbery jelly. An 
elastic, taut donut of rolling hot-snapping, electric 
stimuli. Nina-as-ring rolls, thins and 
	flattens, traveling up and down on a gigantic, 
greasy shaft. A tight skewered circle, expanding and 
contracting in response to the ceaseless pistoning 
action. Relentlessly this cycle repeats, over and over 
again for the bound young woman.
	
	Nina puts her head down, her long black hair 
falls towards the floor. She whimpers with mounting 
lusty pleasure. Groaning, she pulls hard against her 
bindings. She becomes weightless and ablaze at the 
seemingly endless infalling of harsh sensual stimuli. 
Hot bursts of libidinous pleasure bloom large and 
shoot out from between her legs. She's on fire, it 
roars up her torso and spreads across her breasts. 
She's panting, bucking back and forth on the thrusting 
dildo, now easily riding thickly in and out of her 
anus with an obscene glistening sound and loud fleshy 
slaps. In a febrile daze she looks up and to the left 
at the seated crowd voyeuristically watching her anal 
fucking. A faraway, inner- directed look clouds her 
soft brown eyes. She struggles and flexes against the 
long metal spreader bar forcing her legs apart. Betty 
continues to steadily pump in and out of the girl's 
ass. Nina opens her mouth and moans out loud. Her 
orgasm thunders hard through her tautly coiled body. 
Her engorged pussy lips spasm and twitch 
uncontrollability. A wet gooey sheen of sticky love 
juice trickles down her spread open upper thighs.
	
	Betty arches over the bound girl from behind and 
determinedly thrusts into Nina's bottom one last time. 
With the strap-on dildo now solidly lodged and 
anchored inside the girl's trim ass cheeks, the older 
woman dances her hips around in slow careful circles, 
causing the firm rubbery nubbins at the other end of 
the plastic dong to deliciously press and glide 
against her own clitoris. 
	
	The tall black woman reaches up the girl's back 
and grabs hold of Nina's luxuriant black hair. She 
twists and turns the girl head back and rains a series 
of slobbering kisses down over Nina's face. She sticks 
out her tongue and moistly licks and laps over the 
girl's eyes, nose and mouth. Nina's face becomes wet 
and shiny, dripping with the older woman saliva. The 
girl gasps as Betty continues to hold fast the hair on 
the back of her head. Betty opens her mouth and 
presses down over her young lover's lips. Nina 
returned the woman's kisses. Their lips slip and slide 
wetly together. Betty kisses Nina hard and pushes her 
tongue deep between the girl's full lips. Betty closes 
her eyes and lets her tongue go wild twisting around 
deep inside Nina's mouth. 
	
	Betty finally lets go of Nina's hair. The girl 
pants and hangs her head forward. At the same time 
Betty continues, biting and wetly kissing along Nina's 
bare neck and shoulders. Her hands work up and down 
over the young woman's flush, sweaty body, strenuously 
pinching, twisting and pulling hard against Nina's 
breasts, tummy, down along the girl's soft inner 
thighs and to Nina's swollen, slippery pussy lips. The 
tall black woman presses her forehead between Nina's 
slender shoulder blades and holds tightly to Nina's 
hips as she rides out her own climax. Betty holds 
herself hard against the bound young woman's soft, 
slippery body heaving and twisting under her.
	
	The crowd of seated women politely applause their 
hostess' peaking. They're been watching intently for 
while and have been quite impressed with Betty's 
manipulations and debauching of the young woman. Sarah 
seated among them, is quite proud of how Nina's ass 
easily accommodated Betty nasty anal dong. 
	
	Betty stands up behind Nina and reaches down. The 
young woman groans as Betty unclips the strap-on from 
her harness. She leaves the plastic shaft deeply 
embedded between the girl's firm buttcheeks.
	
	"Wow, baby your little ass can sure can put out." 
Betty lowers the hoist chain that has been holding up 
Nina's bound wrists. Nina is still panting in recovery 
and is glad not to be on her tippy toes anymore. She 
looks at the floor as Betty undoes the chain from the 
girl's connected wrist cuffs. Betty then reaches down 
and unclips the girl's slender ankles from the metal 
spreader bar. Betty leaves on Nina's wrist and ankle 
cuffs. The young woman sighs contented. She's still a 
bit wobbly but happy she can finally stretch and bring 
her legs together. Nina is also very much aware that 
the phallic plastic dong is still firmly ensconced 
deep inside her ass.
	
	"Nina baby, this night is just getting started 
for you," Betty puts her arm around the sweaty, naked 
girl and gently walks her over to an odd looking table 
along the wall. Nina walks gingerly, the thick dong 
sliding around inside her. 
	
	The table is waist high and covered with thick 
leather padding and has a number of large pillows on 
it. Strategically mounted anchor rings dot the wall 
around the table. Two short leather leads with 
connectors on the end hang from each ring.  
	
	"But we're going to take a little break as we get 
you tussed up for your next session. All right pet, 
hop up on the table now."
	
	"Oow, o-okay."
	
	Everyone watches as Nina trembles and slowly 
climes onto the table. She sits down very carefully, 
her feet dangling. The padding is quite thick and Nina 
finds sitting on it comfortable. Betty arranges one of 
the large pillows between Nina and the wall.
	
	"Very good baby. Now stretch out your arms." 
	 
	Nina's breath catches. She stretches out her 
arms. The black woman quickly fastens each of the 
girl's wrist cuffs to a nearby anchor ring on the wall 
using the convenient D-connectors in the cuffs. Nina 
wrists are now stretched and well fastened to the 
wall. "There we go, aren't you a good little girl. 
Hmm, now lets see just how flexible our little bitch 
here really is."
	
	"Oooh!" Nina looks down and gasps as Betty gently 
takes hold of her left foot and leg. The older black 
woman gently lifts the girl's slender leg upward. She 
pushes Nina foot over the girl's shoulder and attaches 
her ankle cuff to the same wall ring holding the 
girl's left wrist. Becky quickly does the same with 
the girl's right leg. Nina's legs are now V-spread, 
forcing her ass forward. She's effectively folded up, 
forced to lean back on the large pillow against the 
wall. She squirms and moans, looking down between her 
stretched wide legs, testing and pulling against her 
new bindings.
	
	"Very nice indeed. Wonderful flexibility." Betty 
steps back and takes a look at her handiwork. The 
girl's legs are spread wide and attached to the same 
rings as her wrists, just about at Nina's shoulder 
level on the padded table. This position, of course, 
causes Nina to lean back with her legs spread wide 
open, completely exposing her pussy and dildo-plugged 
ass. Nina, still slightly dazed, gapes up at Betty 
with a pouty expression. Strands of long, jet black 
hair loosely frame the girl's sweaty pretty face, the 
rest bunches against the wall to cascade wildly down 
her shoulders.
	
	"Well ladies, I'm going to go clean up a bit and 
change. As you can see our little Nina here is all 
trussed up again and ready for more action. Please 
feel free to make good use of the little bitch."
	
	"Oow!" Nina groans and peers out across the room 
from her locked-down position against the wall. The 
seated women get up and move towards her smiling 
wicked grins. Sarah is with them. She closes her eyes 
as they approach. They talk in quiet, hushed tones, 
peppered with an occasionally giggle. She feels a 
tentative brush, then more fingers gently caress along 
her bare exposed thighs. 
	
	Nina feels their hands run up and down her bound, 
and flung back legs. She relaxes and shivers, 
accepting their touching. Soft lips bite, pull and 
suck on her breasts. A warm, sweaty palm massages her 
pussy mound, heeling in between her soft labia. Nina 
groans. Someone manipulates the thick dong still 
firmly implanted up her ass. She shakes and whimpers 
as the large plastic shaft crudely moves around inside 
her body. Full lips kiss and peck down her tummy. A 
flat wet tongue slithers over her mouth. She captures 
the tongue between her teeth and suck back on it 
inside her mouth. Nina squirms and twists as she feels 
her heat rising again. She realizes that indeed, this 
is going to be one very long wonderful night.
	
End.
	
Comments welcome!    darkblossom@_remtosend_altavista.com
Remove '_remtosend_' to send.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  darkblossom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





