BDSM Library - The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life




The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Stripper Linda found out her submissive side after her first session. Now she wanted her first personal master.
                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


                  AN "AFTER THOUGHT" INTRODUCTION TO
                 THE EPIC ADVENTURES OF LINDA IN LIFE
         (Written Between Part 2 Chapter 6 and Part 2 Chapter 7)

     My name, in this story, and in the realm of B&D, S&M and D&S is
     MASTER PAUL (sometimes refered to by my "partners", "charges" or
     "slaves", if you prefer, as MP). Unlike many Masters and
     Mistresses, I seldom if ever carry the "profile" you will see in
     this epic and true story into what some people refer to as "real
     life". There, perhaps, was a day and a time when I could be
     provoked into "showing" this side of me in what some people
     mistakenly call "real life", but those days and times vanished
     when I met "linda". They came back, briefly over that past year,
     but only briefly. It took a while, but between us, we "cured"
     each other of any need or necessity to bring dominance and
     submission into socalled "real life".

     I keep refering to "socalled real life" and what "some people
     call real life" because, to me (and to "linda") THIS EPIC is the
     REAL LIFE we choose and wish to live OUR way, when we wish it,
     and almost always ALONE; Just two people and sometimes "selected
     invitees" whom we could TRUST IMPLICITLY to work with us.

     SPECIAL PEOPLE, like linda and I, who know the workings of
     Masters, Mistresses and socalled slaves or submissives, fairly
     well, and have demonstrated a willingness to care enough to learn
     another human being and know them almost as well as they know
     themselves. The readers of this Epic Tale or Story would do
     themselves a great service to think about what I have just said
     and to do it CAREFULLY.

     The story you are about to read is a true story that really
     occurred. The people in the story really did exist, "once upon a
     time". Where linda relates (to me) second hand stories and tales
     of her past experiences, BEFORE she met me, they are most likely
     somewhat embellished to fit preconceived or post-embellished
     fantasies. My recollections in the writing and describing of
     events that actually took place are as accurate as the passage of
     time and a slightly aging mind and body can make them.

     The writing of The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life was inter-
     rupted between Part 2 Chapter 5 and Part 2 Chapter 6 by an entire
     series of "events" brought about by several readers of the "Epic"
     who, over a several month period, contacted me, in one way or
     another,to seek me out to (1) find out if I was "for real",
     (2) try to "teach me a lesson about 'demeaning' women etc." or
     (3) "try me on for size and effect" to see if I could be their
     personal Master. Over all, the interruptions were what I would
     call "good for me" because they re-reminded me of just how little
     understood MP and linda's world really is, even among its
     socalled practitioners and advocates.  I plan to deliver no
     lectures nor to pontificate in the remaining and voluminous
     chapters and parts of The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life. Nor
     will I castigate anyone in this introduction for their inter-
     ruptions and digressive distractions of me from this task. When
     you are honestly queried and questioned, you try, sincerely, to
     answer ALL, as best you can.

     In the category of "finding out if Master Paul is 'for real'", I
     encountered a wide assortment of psychologists, psychiatrists,
     parapsychologists and other professionals and para-professionals
     who, basically, were hell bent to prove their own personal
     evaluations of me, of linda and of people like us. I, for the
     most part, feel very very sorry for these "mind benders and
     fixers". In my special ways, I would caution those who "are like
     me and like linda" to be VERY CAREFUL about taking "advice", even
     from alleged or advertised professionals and para-professionals
     in the psychological and psychiatric professions and fields,
     UNLESS, THE ADVISOR(S) PERSONALLY ARE SPECIAL PEOPLE LIKE YOU AND
     I (and linda).

     Over my life time, I have read many many books of and about
     sadism, masochism, B&D, S&M, D&S and a whole variety of related
     subject areas. I have yet to find ANY writing that accurately
     describes what I have felt or what I have seen and felt in
     another, such as linda. I will say nothing further about that
     observation. It is a fact that has confronted me for a long long
     time. Perhaps more of us who do have this special people profile
     will eventually choose to write and elaborate upon what we are
     and why and how we handle it AMONG OUR OWN. We shall see. One
     thing I know for sure is that I am not in any way driven to
     explain it to anyone but MY OWN....the SPECIAL PEOPLE....and
     then, only because I want them to know that THEY, like linda and
     I, are completely normal and wholely accepted and acceptable. The
     rest can critique to their hearts content. I don't really care
     what they say or do as long as they leave people like linda and I
     to ourselves. We can handle US. Far better than they handle their
     "things". And I'll bet any amount of money or anything else on
     that statement, ANY TIME!

     At one point, in my experiences with linda, I sought outside help
     to deal with my problems (for me to detail when and how that
     happened will ruin the story for you, so I will not, here). After
     several months of "treatment", I decided I was "OK" and that my
     "doctor" was, perhaps not "nuts", but shall we say, "incapable
     of understanding what I knew and felt and how I was and wanted to
     be"........FOR, INDEED, I WANTED TO BE THIS WAY AND STILL DO AND
     AM. I was pronounced "cured" when I stated this fact to the
     "doctor" and carefully stated that I was no longer in need of
     "help". Ah, the mysteries of modern medicine and its practi-
     tioners, eh?  Have we REALLY advanced from the tribal medicine
     men of old to a new and enlightened age, or have we merely
     developed a new way to market a very old profession and its
     methodologies. Who knows?  Not I, and that's for sure!

     The other category of "finding out if MP is/was 'for real'"
     contains assorted Masters, Mistresses and submissives of both
     sexes who apparently have some penchants toward "competing with
     the best" (and I NEVER said I was the best or anything close to
     it to THEM, ever....they just seemingly 'surmised' such or
     same...ASS-U-ME'ed it). The dominants who did the "is He for
     real" trick on me, almost always hit me with the line "if you
     knew who I was in 'real life', you'd...." (you fill it in
     here....I'm tired of hearing it!). And both the dominants and the
     submissives who approached me to "check me out" (with several
     noteworthy exceptions) always made a point of this "real life"
     distinction and called this scene and realm, "playing". I don't
     believe any of them ever considered themselves phonies or
     charlatans, nor do I so consider them, even now. But, as you will
     read and understand in The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life, this
     is not unreal and it is definitely not something one "plays with
     or at", EVER. Sincere and honest SPECIAL PEOPLE put thousands of
     hours and dollars into their efforts and "partnership" in this
     realm. And, yes, it is, in many ways, a socalled "sexual pursuit"
     (but not an "abberation"!).......the strongest  of all human
     "drives" is SEXUAL. Human norms of socalled civilized society try
     to convince us that OUR REALM is perverse and perverted. Really?
     Then, sir, why does your wife reach down and grasp her ankles and
     pull them out and upward when you are "doing it" missionary
     style, hummmmm? (And if that "hits home" with you, dear reader,
     think on it...long and carefully!)

     I believe there is a reason for sexuality and sexually based
     relationships being the strongest of all. It's based in intimacy
     and understanding between human beings of the opposite or same
     sex. I do not care to "pass on" or "judge" the pairings by sex or
     gender, thank you, because to each pair or group, goes their own
     things and choices. It's not tolerance on my part that makes me
     say this but a recognition that I don't know what drives other
     people who are not "like me" and I have neither the time nor the
     money to find out, even if I wanted to; which I do not. I
     understand ME and I understand a very few special women who are
     almost exact opposites from me and therefore nearly perfectly
     matched TO ME, in THIS, our special, mutual, realm.

     The category of people who approached me that fall under what I
     decribed in (2), above, did not and do upset me or in any way
     infuriate me. I choose to simply ignore them unless they become
     persistant enough to make permanent pests of themselves among me
     and mine, which, often, they have and they do. Their special
     little penchant or game is to categorize all males who supposedly
     "demean" women as wife beaters and bullies. SPECIAL PEOPLE,
     especially MASTERS, do not hit, punish, bind or do anything else
     in anger, EVER. The real MASTERS I know are very generous, very
     considerate and very understanding men whose powers of obser-
     vation and understanding of submissive women enable them to see
     something that all others, who lack their powers, can not see,
     much more, understand and deal with.

     The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life has been getting some very
     very wide circulation since it hit the boards about a year ago.
     As it becomes "more popular" among OUR special people, it becomes

     a "target" for other people to hit on and try to stop. It's a sad
     commentary on our times that some people can not leave other
     people be, to do what they want to do, by consent, with partners
     who have chosen them on a mutual basis, through understanding,
     many hours of discussion and "feeling out" and a great deal of
     plain trust. I don't plan to say ANYTHING more on this subject
     nor to defend myself or anyone else in MY realm.....linda's
     realm, also!

     The last category of people, who have approached me over the past
     year or so, (and over the years, in private, when there was no
     "draw" or "bait" in the form of a REAL story like this one, just
     the part of me they, and they alone could "SEE".....and feel, and
     hear and smell and taste etc), are the VERY SPECIAL PEOPLE, the
     submissive women, who seek a Master and want one of their very
     own to feed the hunger they genuinely have.

     I will not specifically discuss them here, or anywhere, for that
     matter, except to say, in general, that they are REAL; they are
     SINCERE; and they ARE understood, by me, very very well. Perhaps,
     better then they understand themselves.

     A long time ago, I discovered that I could stand in a room
     containing several score to a hundred or more men and women and,
     through some inate and special "talent" or understanding, I could
     pick out, identify and be identified by, certain special women
     who had an active or latent "submissive streak or nature" in
     them or about them. When you ARE a Master and you have the
     "profile", your "opposites" can "see" you for what you are,
     BECAUSE THEY, LIKE YOU, ARE "SEEKING" A "REAL" PARTNER. The
     sequences in The Epic Adventures of Linda In Life that involve
     the introduction of Master Paul and linda are precisely the way
     it happened in every respect. The "eyes" and other things "have
     it", I guess. Guess? No, I KNOW it. Linda "saw" me for what I was
     as plainly as I "saw" her. Both of us knew that I could make her
     do things no one else would dare to even try and both of us knew
     that, between us, we would eventually teach each other the
     "right" ways to do it. If you are SPECIAL PEOPLE, like us, you
     want to consider that statement very very carefully. That's all I
     will say to you. Read the story if you want better
     "instructions".

     Over the years, I have had some strange things happen to me in
     strange places, with regard to this "ability to see and be seen"
     by a seeking, hungering, genuinely submissive woman. I can recall
     sitting at a banquet table at a "fraternal meeting" not so long
     back and feeling a pair of eyes boring into me from down the
     table...feeling it! I sat there, not embarrassed, but certainly
     very cautious not to mess with "a brother's wife or girl friend"
     and carefully considered if I was going to ignore the source of
     the "feelings" or let the MP side of me respond by seeking back.
     I gave in and did return the "stare". What I saw made me warm
     inside and all over..........a pair of eyes, a face and, above
     all, a very very intelligent mind, that was literally screaming
     "I KNOW WHO YOU ARE, MASTER.........I K-N-O-W YOU, M-A-S-T-E-R!!!
     Do you KNOW *ME*"?

     As we who are SPECIAL can do without much effort, I sent the
     message back....."YES, I K-N-O-W you, my submissive and hungering
     friend. I KNOW YOU". We never spoke a word to each other the
     whole evening or any time afterward. But, between us, we passed
     some pretty powerful body messages and gestures, back and forth,
     over the course of a couple of hours. It is a good thing my
     silent "partner" at that banquet table was wearing a long dress,
     because I have a feeling a pair of slacks would have "told all".
     She had a similar effect upon me and I did not have the
     "advantage" of loose outer garments to cover the "evidence". I'm
     still laughing about that.

     Every time my submissive, seeking and hungering friend and
     special but opposite person got anywhere near me, she would
     glance at me and then lower her eyes and her head, when she was
     sure I was paying attention, which I NEVER failed to do...believe
     me, I didn't. She had "ways" of placing her hands, or standing
     or sitting that sent signals to me that were very very plain to
     me and also very unnoticed by everyone else, including her
     husband, my "brother".  I was formally introduced to her, later
     in the evening, across a table, in a bar. I made no move to take
     her hand nor was one offered. She looked across the table at me,
     briefly, and then lowered her head and put her hands in her lap,
     with a faint smile and a little tiny shudder, as she did. When
     the two of them left the bar, later, everyone got up to say good
     night and pay their respects, except me....the MP side of me knew
     enough to stay seated and then speak to her from that position.
     For better than an hour at that table, we all talked back and
     forth except for she and I. Between us, there were no words.
     There did not have to be any words. We both KNEW that. As she
     walked out of the bar, she glanced back over her shoulder,
     briefly, and laid her wrists across each other behind her back,
     then lowered her head and went on out that way. I left early the
     next morning and never saw her again. But if she ever reads The
     Epic Adventures of Linda in Life, I send her my respect and my
     honor and I tell her, here, that linda would admire her at least
     as much as I do. She *IS*, indeed, SPECIAL PEOPLE to us. I don't
     think my "brother" knows what he has. I KNOW he doesn't. I DO! I
     am MASTER Paul!!!

     I guess I had better get on with this introduction and finish it
     so you can read The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life and enjoy
     OUR experiences to your fullest, my friend and SPECIAL PERSON, be
     you dominant or submissive. Before I finish, let me explain
     something I just said in that last sentence.

     One of the strange "characteristics" of The Epic Adventures of
     Linda in Life is that it appeals to male dominants and female
     submissives, alike, and in about equal numbers. I KNOW that there
     are a lot of female submissives out there reading about MP and
     linda and hungering greatly as they do. A few of them have
     approached me, quietly, to learn more about me and to check
     themselves out, as well as me. One, and only one, truly "matters"
     to me in the special and wonderful way linda and I "mattered" to
     each other. The others are very special, wonderful and very
     potentially (and in some cases, ACTUALLY) submissive women who
     are hungering and seeking a real Master. All of them, so far,
     have been, either before approaching me, or during, or after, in
     some way, hurt by some Master who didn't understand them or
     didn't want to understand them. I have not failed to understand
     any of them. I know the "hunger" and I can see it. I know the
     need and desire for trust and I can satisfy that IF I CHOOSE TO
     DO IT. Mostly, I do not. It takes a great deal of MY time and MY
     effort to work with and to learn ANY submissive woman I accept as
     my slave and charge. It also requires a substantial amount of
     money to do it right and absolutely correct. Thus, I choose
     carefully, after a short, very experimental "look", in person,
     always. And the CHOICE must be a mutual one....ALWAYS and in ALL
     WAYS.

     Some are argumentative, belying the "truth" about themselves to
     me and to others. I suspect that that is mostly out of fear of
     what might happen if they ever truly admitted their
     submissiveness, completely, to themselves, and then seriously, as
     linda did, went out "hunting" for the right Master....HER
     MASTER....and partner to train with and trust for as long as both
     could make it work. Submissives DO hunt. There is not question
     about that. The truth of the matter is well laid out in the epic
     you are about to read. They also, at some time, and perhaps MANY
     times, get hurt by a would be, chosen Master. Emotionally and
     sometimes physically. And eventually, THEY have to break it off
     before serious and permanent harm is really done. Some very few
     submissives get too far in and too deeply "involved" to get out.
     In The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life you will read about linda
     getting in that deep with one Master, who WAS a Master, beyond
     any doubt and who had "connections" with people who either "make
     submissive women from scratch" (that's not only possible, but a
     proven fact!) or hunt real ones down and haul them off to train
     and learn obedience for profit and for others. Slavery, even in
     this day and age, is not unknown and it is not always unwanted by
     the slave. This is especially true in the sexual slavery realm...
     ...the realm The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life deals with. It
     is not every woman's dream to sexual serve a man...a Master....
     but it is some women's fantasy to TRY it, just once, to see how
     it feels. The experience, to a genuine, "for real", sexually
     submissive woman, can be more "habit forming" (and debilitating)
     than alcohol is to an alcoholic or heroin is to a junkie. Once
     "hooked" and once the "hunger" has been satisfactorily and very
     adequately "fed", she is unable to obtain real and genuine sexual
     satisfaction of the deepest kind with anyone but HER MASTER. A
     very few special women have tried it and they love it...with the
     RIGHT Master.

     Those statements, just made above, bring hellfire and damnation
     from the womens' liberation troops. In abundance and with utter
     vehemence, I might add. I have had my fair share of the "shots"
     from that quarter over this story. But, largely, I will ignore
     them because I knew linda and I CARED FOR and LOVED linda in my
     special way, just as she did in return; and perhaps even more so.
     People who try to deny and/or dictate what others do/could/should
     feel and hear and taste and see and smell and KNOW about MP and
     linda's special realm, and behavior in that realm, are the
     greatest violators of individual human rights in this entire
     world. MP and linda wanted to be the way they were, for as long
     as they could be, in any one socalled "session". I *KNOW* that
     because I lived it. It's true!

     Just as I know that my VOICE has the capability of driving my
     special charge and slave into headlong sexual flight into her
     realm of submissiveness, from which she does not EVER want to
     return without fully pleasing HER MASTER and feeling the tight
     balled knot of fear in her belly and the spreading fire of
     extreme sexual hunger for all that He can deliver to her in their
     mutually chosen and accepted realm.

     I know what I *DO* to certain, very special and very talented
     submissive women, without touching them and oft times without
     speaking directly to them. I KNOW THAT! Just as well as they do,
     and perhaps, I think, better. I know the joy and the fear,
     combined, of a "special one" being able to call someone MASTER
     who truly *IS* her carefully and trustingly selected MASTER. Of
     prefacing or following every short statement to Him with the word
     "Master".......and of savoring the "MY" that oft times preceeds
     it. Submissives can be, and mostly are, AT LEAST AS POSSESSIVE of
     their Masters as their Masters are of them. And, so called "slave
     stealing" is, more often then not, done by submissives, more than
     Masters! That aspect of MP and linda's scene or realm is NOT as
     well understood as it should be. Perhaps this "Epic" will help.
     But, from Master Paul to all the Real Masters and Submissives out
     there who read my "works" in this epic, I say this:

     I understand, and always will, what "more than anything",
     "forever", "Anything, Master...AAAANNNYYYTTTHHHIIINNNGGG!" mean
     and the trust conveyed by the words. I have been there and I have
     lived it. Several times. It is beautiful and it can be DEADLY,
     when abused or misused. That is why I will not accept MOST
     submissives, except to "have a look at them in person", after
     which I usually and politely try to say "thanks, but no thanks".
     Several times, I've said "yes" and regreted it, mightily.
     "Chamelions" are not all found in the reptile world, or so it
     seems.

     For, even now, "SOME ONE WOULD CALL *ME* MASTER".....and she is
     trying to mean it with every fiber of her being. To find a "way"
     to make it work in her circumstances and mine. Perhaps it will. I
     don't know, but I care, if it can and will. Others will try, I'm
     sure. Over the years, I have developed a way to keep all but the
     most sincere and the most submissive away from me. That is far
     more for their protection than mine, I might add. A genuinely
     real sexually submissive woman knows that the "pain" depicted in
     this Epic is both transient and quite "different" from "normal"
     pain or suffering. It, when coupled with the tightly knotted ball
     of pure fear in the stomach or belly and the acute sexual
     arrousal that accompanies the "knot" before HER MASTER, is
     wholely ADDITIVE and almost entirely indistinguishable from
     "normal" sexual stimulation. Together, pain, fear and sexual
     arousal build what you will read and "see" in this epic in a REAL
     sexually submissive female who has the courage, the daring and
     the comfort to seek it from HER MASTER when her hunger demands
     it.

     For you see, my would be Master and slave readers and friends
     ....THIS IS NOT A GAME.....THIS IS NOT UNREALITY AND MAKE
     BELIEVE.....AND IT IS NOT "PLAYING"....to some of us this is a
     real world of real things that we like more than anything else in
     this world and have learned to handle in real ways that work very
     well. If you are timid or lack courage, do NOT read the Epic!

     The fear of a Master is genuine and real in a genuine and real
     slave...a TRUE submissive. A real Master truly owns His slave and
     true submissive and knows when and when not to punish and demand
     and get obedience and submission. He also knows that any time He
     begins with her, she will "fly"........rise into a state of
     sexual excitment and arrousal that causes a fear built knot to
     grip her insides and turn her sexually into a starving, hungering
     sexual being that requires progressive stepping of pleasure and
     pain and humiliation and submission that remove everything else
     from her coonsideration as she rushes upward to return where she
     has often been, before HER MASTER, and loves, more than anything
     in this world. She will "allow" Him "freedoms" with her body, her
     mind and her very soul, itself, that defy adequate descrpition in
     words, but are understood by BOTH of them; BOTH Master and slave.

     TO and FOR the "flying" and so sexually submissive special women
     whom I have known, know and may one day get to know, I write this
     epic tale. As linda did, I call them BUTTERFLIES, and I, always
     and forever, shall!

     To the Masters who would or will "fly" them, I bring greetings
     and a hope that they will learn to listen, see, feel, taste and
     smell, and more, everything that they create in their charges and
     slaves in our special realm. For here, in MP and linda's "world",
     there truly are no limits of performance and no limitations on
     how far up and into the flight of the butterfly a Master's
     creation and charge may go. Her tolerances and her understandings
     of herself are a function of, and the responsibility of, HER
     MASTER, not her. She has a duty and a responsibility to "show Him
     everything about her that she possibly can" and to differentiate
     for Him, carefully, between "fear" and real "terror" so that He
     never transgresses upon her and causes real, permanent harm and
     damage, later. Real permanent damage comes in two basic forms....
     perhaps three.  Physical damage. Marks and scars that should
     never have "happened" and which she does not and cannot control.
     He can and MUST! By agreement, as you will read, linda permitted
     SOME permanent marking etc.. BY PRIOR AGREEMENT, not always
     specifically defined so that it was a fear based "surprise" to
     her in some ways and thus enjoyed and savored later.

     Emotional and mental damage, often not recognized when being
     built or imposed on her, by either of them. Simple but debil-
     itating things that will not allow her to function at work or in
     social gatherings. Or perhaps with a husband who is not her
     Master. Hand positions that become "automatic". Eye contacts or
     the inability to maintain eye contact. Ways of sitting, standing
     or kneeling that she does for her Master and cannot undo
     elsewhere. The list of accidental possibilities is virtually
     endless. A GOOD Master knows His power over His submissive and
     does not abuse it by doing permanent emotional damage. A GOOD
     Master does not interfere with His slave's personal, family,
     and/or work obligations in any substantive way, if that is her
     wish and choice. I know a very few married partners in this realm
     who willingly have chosen to maintain the realm MOST of the time,
     in the home and elsewhere, and a FEW, a very few, have largely
     succeeded. They do it BY CONSENT OF BOTH PARTIES and because they
     want and wish to, mutually. They have agreed that it will be this
     way, BETWEEN them. Married Masters and slaves are the exception,
     not the rule.  It's not that it won't work, for a while, at
     least. It's that PEOPLE DO CHANGE OR THINGS CHANGE THEM....like
     children, for instance. Like, job or profession, for another. The
     "list" is endless. But SPECIAL PEOPLE need to understand the
     accomodations they will HAVE TO make should they choose to marry
     or make the relationship life long and permanent. That's all I
     can say on the subject, but it's quite enough, I think. You take
     it from there.

     The last permanent damage possibility is what I would call a lack
     of comfort and a lack of a feeling of well being in the sexually
     submissive woman over what she is and has or may become. We live
     in a very imperfect world that passes judgements upon people in
     the flickering of an eye, because, mainly, the people being
     passed upon are "different" and therefore, somehow, NOT NORMAL
     and to be LOOKED DOWN UPON.. Or so it is thought to be. As a
     Master I "look down upon" my possession(s).....my submissive(s)
     .....my slave(s)....in a very very special way. With honor, with
     respect and with a recognition that my RIGHT to do so comes from
     the loving, hungering, obedient sexually diven creature who
     kneels before me and submits to my will. There are few things I
     would not do for or give to her because of that honor and
     respect, and she knows that better than I do. But there is ONE
     THING SHE MUST HAVE THAT I CANNOT GIVE HER IN ANYWAY and that is
     a feeling of comfort and acceptance and total understanding of
     "the way she is" in respect to the rest of a very cruel and
     unkind world. She *IS* my possession and my slave and she wants
     to be. I *AM* her Master and I want to be. I feel good about
     being her Master and I feel no necessity to explain my role to
     anyone in this world with regard to MP and linda's realm. She
     must also feel the same way. I can walk every inch of this world,
     totally at peace with myself about what I am and what I do. ALL
     OF ME. The whole me. My sexually submissive woman, partner and
     slave HAS TO FEEL THE SAME WAY ABOUT HERSELF. Proud and except
     WITH ME, totally FREE and comfortable. With *ME* she will never
     be free and never "comfortable".

     Together we have something that is beautiful and beyond all words
     in description. Two people must actually experience the feelings
     and the exchanges to fully understand them in their totality. The
     power and the submission, flowing together. The trust and the
     caring and the, yes, I suppose you CAN call it *LOVE*, though it
     is a very DIFFERENT KIND OF LOVE THAN ONE WOULD NORMALLY SEE OR
     DESCRIBE. I had it. Linda had it. We had it together, I have seen
     it in others and I understand what it is and above all, I
     understand how it feels, not just to me, but to her....she whom I
     own and control in this, our special realm. A place for SPECIAL
     PEOPLE who want to be here; who enjoy being here and who could
     stay here forever and SOMETIMES, God bless them, DO!!!

     This is the realm of the BUTTERFLY and her flights for HER
     MASTER. This is MASTER PAUL AND LINDA's (linda's!) REALM.

             Master Paul

             The Last Master of the Rings.




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


 "The Meeting - No Words Required!"

 It was Happy Hour and the customers were just beginning to filter
 in from their daily routines to sit down and have a cold one and
 watch a little psuedo pornographic "art", go-go and strip dancing,
 ala Linda style. The Happy Hour shift started with B.J. doing her
 thing in her usual wanton and sexy way in the bright orangish red
 bikini top and bottom.......whirling around the poles on the
 raised stage, pole clasped firmly between her slim, white legs
 with a high on the pole start and a slow twirling slide to the
 floor of the platform.

 "Damn", Linda thought to herself. "That bitch has got to be
 gettin' it off with that pole....I'd go nuts with that thing
 stuffed up against my pussy twirling round like that and sliding
 down that god damn pole." "Phew!" "It's no wonder they call her
 B.J.!" "That's probably all she can do after a night of THAT!"

 The song ended on the juke box and another started. Linda
 remembered that that was number three for B.J. and that she had
 to start pumping her dance songs into the box pretty soon 'cause
 she was up next with her set of three. She walked over to the
 Juke Box slowly in her see-through wrap, scanning the customers
 to see who she'd focus her attentions on this time up. "Boy, she
 thought, these guys look dead!" "This is goin' to be a damn tough
 shift!." "Almost as bad as her hookin' days in Parkersburg at the
 'Club' before Johnny came along and knocked her up and then
 slipped her out of the place."

 As Linda stood at the machine she thought back about Parkersburg
 and Chris, the Club Boss, and his bitch, Hilda, who kept the girls
 in line. And, when they didn't stay in line, set em up for a
 session with Chris in the special, frightening room in the basement.

 "God", she thought, "I'll never forget the first time I fucked
 up and that bitch dragged me down there....NEVER!"

 She leaned against the wall and closed her eyes, thinking back to
 that terrible night when that big drunken son of bitch from the
 Shell Refinery over in Belpre had snuck up behind her at the bar and
 about twisted her tits off. When she stopped screaming at him and
 thought she had him calmed down some, he rammed his hand into her
 crotch and shoved his index finger up her ass as his thumb went up
 her pussy, panties and all, and started to literally lift her up
 off the stool that way. Thinking quickly, she had grabbed a beer
 bottle and smashed the big dumb bastard over the head, screaming
 her head off the whole time. Goddamn that had hurt as he tried to
 close his index finger and thumb together while they were driven
 deep in her ass and up her cunt with her pants wrapped around them.
 When the beer bottle hit him, he dropped like a rock.

 The next thing she knew, Hilda was all over her ass, twisting her
 arm behind her back and slapping the shit out of her face.

 Hilda shoved her arm up behind her back to her goddamn neck,
 bent her over almost double at the waist and marched her out the
 back door toward the stairs leading up to the "party rooms" and
 down to the basement. "Oh God, If I'd known what was in that black
 vinyl covered room in the basement with the mirrored ceiling and
 about all that 'equipment' sitting in the room, I'd have let the
 son of a bitch shove his fuckin fist up my ass, never mind a
 little old finger and some black panties", Linda thought.

 The memories flowed back with increasing detail, igniting fear in
 her brain and making her break out in a cold sweat (and starting
 the juices flowing in her pussy, much to her dismay). She stood
 up against the wall and let her mind race back to that night.

 Hilda, instead of hustling her upstairs to chew her ass out and
 slap her around, wheeled her past the stairs leading to the party
 rooms upstairs and hustled her down the stairs and into a room
 she had never seen before, across from the foot of the stairs, and
 had only heard fearful rumors about from the rest of the whores in
 the place. They didn't talk about it much and didn't care to, or
 so it seemed. She'd always wondered why. That night she found
 out...in spades!

 Hilda stripped her house coat off her and ripped her top and
 panties off almost in one motion with Linda still practically
 doubled over standing on her feet and her arm shoved up behind
 her back, almost to the top of her head, now.

 "You goddamn dumb whore!" screamed Hilda, "How many fucking times
 do I have to tell you I handle the assholes and you don't ever,
 ever hit em with anything unless they ask you to, UPSTAIRS!.... and
 then only after they've paid double for the "B&D and S&M Scene" trick!"
 "I'm tired of this shit from you, Linda!" "When I get through with you
 down here you are goddamn sure goin' to remember that, you little
 Delaware whore.....and when Chris, "The Rammer", finishes with you, after
 I get tired, you won't do shit unless you ask me or him first; bet on
 it, bitch!"

 About then Linda suddenly realized it was damn warm in that room.
 And dim. It seemed like it was a hundred and twenty degrees. As
 she looked around from her upside down position she saw ringbolts
 in a cloth vinyl padded floor of pure white mats with buttons
 holding the mat down in that upholstered look. But as her eyes
 wandered back and forth she saw a lot more. There were two big
 rings, one inside the other, one on a pivot up into the ceiling
 and down into the floor and the other on pivots or shafts through
 the first one extending out sideways either way midway between
 the floor and the ceiling. She couldn't see well with her goddamn
 hair hanging down all over, but she saw that the inside ring had
 little D-Rings welded to it all the way around it's circumference
 about a foot or so apart (D-Rings were something she learned
 about later and would never ever forget!). The two gimbaled rings
 (like the frames of those spinning gyroscopes they use in airplanes,
 boat compasses and the like) were HUGE; they were at least, if not more
 than, eight foot in diameter, very sturdy, just standing there one inside
 the other in stark stainless steel majesty like some abstract or
 modern art painting.

 As her clothes were shredded from her she spotted another object
 off in the corner sitting on the pure white matted floor. It
 looked like a chair of some kind except that it had an outline
 like a human body and leather straps dangling down from it
 everywhere Linda looked. The straps were riveted or bolted to the
 sides of the human figure outline of the chair so that they ran
 between heavy stainless steel rods that defined the out line of
 the human figure and they ran on the under and back sides of the "chair" with
 the buckle ends and plain, holed straps to insert in the buckles dangled down
 off the rivets or bolts on the front of the back and legs of the "chair"
 and the top of the "seat" and "arms".

 "What the shit is this place", she'd thought as she stared at the
 ominous "chair" in front of her. "What the hell are they going to do
 with me?" Linda didn't have to wait for long to get her answer!

 Hilda quickly walked her, bent over double, to the "Chair" and
 slammed her into the seat with her arm still crammed up to the top
 of her head. Hilda slammed Linda's "free" arm down on the leather straps
 running across in between the two stainless steel arm rods and
 quickly buckled one of the many straps over her forearm and
 another over her upper arm. She jumped to the other side of the
 gleaming stainless steel chair and did the same trick with her
 other arm. It was then that Linda looked up and saw the mirrored
 ceiling and black walls - BLACK VINYL PADDED WALLS! And back
 behind the gimbaled huge stainless steel rings standing out in
 stark reality, she could vaguely see things hanging on the vinyl wall.
 LOT'S OF THEM.

 She couldn't see em well, but they looked like straps and balls and hoods
 and whips and all sorts of kinky shit.

 About that time, she remembered, Hilda slammed her lower leg into one
 of the "Chair's" legs in front and buckled it in tight. She
 repeated the process with the other leg and then continued up to
 the seat where she buckled her thighs in tight with 4" wide
 leather straps attached to the chair so that her thighs sat on
 the bottom riveted part of the strap and they came up through
 her thighs, right in front of her pubic hair covered crotch, and
 only fractions of an inch away from it. When Hilda had buckled the
 thigh straps, her legs were an integral part of the steel rods
 and leather straps that encased part of her legs. The stainless
 steel rods on the insides of her legs ended right in front of her
 pussy while the outside ones went up her outside upper leg(s) past her
 hip(s) and on up her sides behind her upper arms and on up over
 her head and joined together there. Next came a huge, wide strap (it must
 have been 8 or 10 inches wide, at least) which was pulled across her flat
 stomach and navel and buckled so tight it almost took her breath
 away (and, of course, it ran across her lower back behind her, also).
 Then came the straps across the upper and lower part of her
 chest above her pert little tits, which by now were sweat covered
 with her nipples sticking out like peaks on a mountain, and just about
 as hard as the mountain's rocks.

 She was about to say something to Hilda, she remembered now, when
 Hilda slammed another leather strap across her mouth; but this
 one was different. It had a ring in the middle of it and as Hilda
 pulled the hard stainless steel ring and strap arrangement across
 in front of her mouth as if to buckle it on the other side, Hilda
 punched the center of the wide tummy belt so hard Linda's mouth
 flew open. In one swift motion Hilda pulled the strap/ring combination
 deep into Linda's mouth so that the ring was completely behind her
 teeth, held there by the straps cutting painfully and deeply into either
 side of her mouth and jamming her mouth wide open with the ring
 just inside holding it that way. Linda remembered she started to
 scream and protest and Hilda simply walked to the other end of
 the room and got a ball with a leather strap through it, came back, wrapped
 the strap around behind her head over the stainless steel rods
 that bracketed either side of her head, spun the ball around so
 it was in her mouth, walked behind and buckled it down tight.

 Linda remembered vividly the ball being jammed into her mouth so
 it sat in the stainless steel ring that held her mouth open wide.
 Christ, she was scared! She begged, she mumbled, she cried, but
 not a word came out; and meanwhile, Hilda had gone ahead and
 wrapped a wide strap over her neck and buckled it and one across her
 forehead and buckled it, TIGHT! It was then that Linda realized she was
 being strapped into some goddamn kind of steel body frame chair
 with the stainless steel rods running along the outside edges of
 her body, legs, arms, and head, complete. Hilda went back
 over her arms and legs and torso and connected MORE straps so
 that Linda had a leather strap over just about every six to eight
 inches of her body and was about a quarter to a third covered
 with tightly buckled down straps from head to foot. When Hilda was done,
 she stood back and looked at her handiwork.

 Hilda strolled slowly over to the far wall and came back with
 weird looking glove like things, four of them with two buckles
 and laces about where the wrist would be and a huge three inch
 strap sewn to the top or back of the hand portion and a buckle
 sewn to the palm. She jammed them on Linda's hands and buckled
 each of the two small straps after lacing up each "glove", (actually
 a mitten). The process was repeated with Linda's feet, using form fitting,
 soft leather boots made the same way, like the mittens; soft boots
 or something, Linda remembered.

 Then Hilda pulled the big straps on the gloves and boots forward
 and ran them over the stainless steel that looped around in front of
 Linda's feet and hands, from one steel rod on one side to the other rod
 on the other side. Hilda pulled each of the four straps tight and
 buckled them into the sewn buckles on Linda's Palms and the
 bottom of her feet so that her hands and feet were stretched out
 straight from her arms and her feet were pointed like a ballet dancer.

 Then and only then did Hilda stop and relax. She looked down at
 Linda with pure hate and absolute lust in her eyes and said:

         "Welcome to Hilda's 'SLAVE PALACE', Linda,...you bitch!"

 "You are sitting in my masterpiece that I developed when I got tired of you
 whores trying to kick the hell out of me when I was working you over
 and which I also developed because it makes you totally helpless
 and completely at my mercy." "But you ain't seen nothin yet my pretty!'
 "This little 'chair' you're sittin in is much more than a chair"!
 And with that said, Hilda tipped the "chair" forward so that Linda was
 hanging from it, her stomach horizontal, looking at the floor,
 her head horizontal, on her knees. She manuevered the elbow part
 of what Linda had earlier thought were just armrests for her arms,
 on each side, so that Linda's arms straightened out instead of
 being bent as they were when she was strapped into this thing and
 and so her stretched hands and finger tips pointed straight down
 at the floor and the hoops at the ends of the the hands touched
 the pure white vinyl cushioned floor. Hilda walked around behind
 and in a short while Linda's legs spread out so her knees were
 about two foot apart. Linda remembered she had heard something lock or
 snap as her knees were spread and locked in that position. The
 next thing that happened to her was her head being raised up and
 back as the frame along her neck was unlocked and pivoted so that
 her head was pulled back and locked in position. Now she was on
 her hands and knees with her head raised up looking forward
 toward the dimly illumniated wall full of strange looking devices...that
 "kinky" stuff.

 Linda stood by the Juke box shivering, thinking about being stark
 ass naked in that black room with it's mirrored ceiling and white
 vinyl matted floor, tied immobile - tied hell!......strapped into
 a goddamn human shaped frame that held her like an "Iron Lady" of
 old but with one big difference. Her whole fuckin' body had been
 exposed and her tits hung down between the chest straps. But the
 thing that brought back memories of terror and fear and, at the
 same time, made her juices flow down her vaginal walls, as it
 still did.............NOW!......................, was the way
 her pussy and asshole were sticking out as she was immobilized
 with her arms and hands straight down, on her knees, lower
 legs and the tops of her feet pulled back to the frame so her toes
 were pointed backwards along the matted floor.

 As she shivered and her juices flowed, leaning up against the wall
 in the little Go-Go Lounge years later, she remembered vividly
 what Hilda had done next.

 "Well, honey, you're mine now until I give you over to the "Rammer"
 and then you'll find out why the bad girls named him that." "His
 name's really Chris, but the 'Rammer' he definitely earned, as
 you will soon find out!" But you won't ever again call him by
 that name or any other but MASTER, nor will you call me by any
 other name but MISTRESS, in front of either of us." "What you
 call us when we aren't around is your business, but after tonight
 and tomorrow and tomorrow night and for as long as it takes,
 we're MISTRESS and MASTER to you or you stay in that fucking
 training frame and in this room FOREVER, Bitch!" "Understand?"

 Linda remembered she couldn't answer Hilda, ...MISTRESS!...
 because she couldn't move a muscle and she was gagged with that big
 ring in her mouth and the ball in the ring. She remembered that
 she blinked at Mistress several times and Mistress nodded ever
 so slightly, and then slid her hand up under Linda's hanging
 pert, pointed, small breasts and carressed them and ran her finger
 tips over the nipples, making Linda shudder and the erotic
 feelings begin to flow from her breasts down to her pussy which
 was already starting to get very very wet, both from sweat and
 from her vaginal juices.

 Mistress Hilda continued to carress her tits, Linda recalled, and as
 she did she started telling Linda that this was the last night
 they'd ever look that way again. That made no sense to her until Mistress
 Hilda explained that HER Mistress and Master were going to "fix" her so she
 could be strung up by her nipples in the future, ANY TIME THEY
 WISHED IT. Linda stood against the wall next to the Juke Box and
 rubbed her arm over her breasts, feeling the little gold rings under
 her bikini top where they ducked into and out of her nipples. "That
 was years ago", she thought, "and I still have them there!" "God
 they feel good", she thought, "but they didn't THEN." "I was
 scared shitless, sweating like the whore that I was, after a twenty
 stud gang bang, down in that hot basement room, dripping sexual juices
 through my sweat."

 Linda's mind floated back to that night, again, and with her arm
 rubbing over her golden ringed nipples, she once more drifted back to a
 recollection of what Mistress Hilda had done next. Hilda went to the
 wall and came back with two dildos about as big as Linda had ever seen
 before, (she'd seen much bigger since!), and, with an almost
 gentleness, Mistress Hilda pushed one dildo into Linda's dripping
 cunt, removed it and inserted it in Linda's upturned, doggy fashion,
 ass and shoved the other dildo slowly up into her now flowing pussy,
 (not really flowing because pussies don't flow,...Cocks do, pussies don't...,
 but really well  lubricated!). Linda felt Mistress turn something on and her
 Pussy and Ass came alive as the twin vibrators started to work at low speed.
 It felt good, she remembered; the twin, artificial, vibrating
 male organs had been stuffed in her nether holes to the hilt, barely
 sticking out; she had felt that,.......really well!

 She watched attentively as Hilda walked by her to the wall on the
 other side of the gimbaled rings and took down a small whip of
 some kind with wicked looking, short leather strands hanging from it.
 Mistress Hilda walked up to her and held the whip by it's handle so the
 strands hung down in front of Linda's eyes. "Ever seen a 'Pussy Whip'
 Linda....."Slave Linda".....?", Mistress Hilda asked. The answer was eye
 blinking again. It was the best she could do. Mistress Hilda smiled and
 walked around behind Linda. The next thing Linda heard ....Slave Linda....
 was a whirring sound followed by the tips of the "Pussy Whip"
 striking her pussy, her asshole, her asscheeks and her underbelly
 and thighs as it whipped around in it's vicious circle.

 As Linda stood up against the wall next to the music machine, here
 years later, she remembered how Mistress had continued to whip her
 pussy and asshole with that thing as the two artificial cocks
 buzzed away in her vagina and ass canal and the smell of sweat,
 pre-orgasm juices and pure raw leather and steel permeated her nostrils.
 She remembered that she started to sweat even more and the water dripped
 off her as the whip swished round and round, catching the folds over her
 clit as it went up toward her underbelly. And she remembered how, despite
 everything she could do to prevent it, which physically was next
 to nothing, she had slowly built to the biggest, pain wracked
 orgasm she'd ever had as the frame she was bound to vibrated with
 her attempted contorsions from the orgasm's crest. The whip never
 stopped, though, and in a few minutes she was back up again, only
 this time it hurt like hell as she built up to it. The second orgasm's
 peak gave brief exploding and intense pleasure followed by severe
 pain and cramps all over her lower body and up into her insides,
 themselves. And each time the orgasm subsided, Mistress reached
 down and turned up the speed another notch on one of the vibrators.

 Standing here now, she couldn't remember how many times that had
 happened, but she remembered the pleasure and the infernal pain
 that always came with it. It went on for what seemed like hours
 and she couldn't do a thing to stop it. Pussy whip, notch up on
 the vibrator(s), orgasm, pleasure, blinding pain, then start over
 again and again and again.

 As Linda stood there next to the Juke box, she thought about how
 after that long, long session with Mistress and Master, she had
 never again been able to have a "normal" orgasm in normal fucking
 unless someone pulled hard on her nipple rings or whipped her
 pussy while she was trying to get off.....except for one other
 way...when she had a big hard loving cock in her mouth, kneeling
 on her knees with the guy standing in front of her with her hair
 wrapped in his fingers and him pumping her mouth back and forth
 on his cock. That got to her, too. But after that night and
 the days and nights that followed, pleasure and pain were to be
 forever wed for her and never to be seperated.

 "Linda! You going to stand there day dreaming all day or are you
 going to play your fuckin' songs, bitch?"

 It was B.J. and the music had stopped and the stage inside the
 U-Shaped bar was empty. "Oh Shit," Linda thought. "Let's get our
 act together, woman.....NOW!" She plugged the quarters in the
 machine, punched in her "numbers" and started back behind the leg of
 the bar's "U" between it and the back wall and mounted the stairs
 to the stage. As she turned toward the mirrored back wall behind
 the stage, which ran all across the wall, from it's floor to it's
 ceiling , she was again reminded of those goddamn hellish, (but
 never to be forgotten, and perhaps, even appreciated, if not loved
 and feared at the same time), days in Parkersburg, West Virginia
 and her very first Mistress and very first Master, and those first
 long nights and days in their "care" as they brought her to a lifetime
 understanding of her formerly hidden sexually submissive underpinnings
 and deep seated sexual cravings to be dominated by the right "MASTER",
 (and, sometimes, but not often,....MISTRESS!)  "That fuckin' Johnny 'saved
 me from myself and them', the son of a bitch," she thought. "But he never
 took the rings out of me, did he?", she mused. Nobody ever would, for very
 long; not even Linda....pretty, sexually submissive and subservient,...
 ....Slave Linda....for she had grown to love them as a part of her sexy,
 if somewhat "different" body and mentality.

 "I wonder if I'm going to find the right man tonight?" she
 thought. And by "right" she knew exactly what she meant....A MASTER....
 who understood....Slave Linda and her REAL NEEDS AND DESIRES...
 some guy who could be tender and loving and yet could put her
 through her "paces" and make her AGAIN feel what she had felt
 that night and the nights and days that followed in Parkersburg.

 She looked in the mirror on the wall as she started to gyrate her
 ass and move her little tits back and forth, and out of the
 corner of her eyes, she could see a tall, heavy set dude with a beard
 and mustache looking back at her in the mirror. She turned her
 head away and went throught her routine all the way to the end of
 the song and then stood there looking in the mirror at
 "him"....was he a Master? Did he understand? He had kind eyes but
 he looked big, mean and forceful......."We shall see, my kind
 eyed big brute of a friend".....she loved big men and beards
 because her first Master in that basement room in Parkersburg
 had been both huge and bearded........"we shall see....when I get through
 these next two songs, what you are indeed made of and
 why"...."you may be the guy I've been looking for ever since Parkersburg".

 [End of Part I - Chapter 1]




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


                 LINDA'S PAST - PART 1 - CHAPTER 2

    MEMORIES OF THE PAST FLOW BACK AS LINDA HUNTS A "NEW" MASTER

 With her eyes focused on the mirror, staring at the moustached and
 bearded big guy at the back right end of the U-Shaped bar, Linda
 started her second number........a Beach Boys tune she loved. She
 whipped into action, whirling around the stage in her pale blue bikini
 top and pale blue bikini pants, but keeping her eyes glued to the mirror
 all along the back of the stage and locked on the sexy big guy.
 She never looked at him directly, but, instead always through the
 huge mirror. She noted, (and so did her body as it continued to become
 more sexually aroused and sexually stimulated), that he was locked onto her
 eyes and never took HIS eyes off them.

 She wriggled her ass at him; she shook her pert little breasts at
 him; she, literally, used every trick she'd learned since she left the
 farm in Delaware to get him to look at her BODY,........but he
 never took his eyes off her eyes, no matter what she did. As the
 song came to a close she couldn't help comparing this tall, large framed,
 bearded male to that huge, handsome hulk and hunk of a man, who had so
 "forcefully" and permanently entered her young life, in that strange
 basement room, in Parkersburg, that fateful and punishing night, years ago
 as she remained bound in leather straps, gagged and suspended between
 stainless steel body forming and shaping rods, on her knees with
 her arms and hands locked straight down toward the floor, her legs
 spread wide, with the rubbery, hot, now wet, vibrating, at first sexually
 satisfying, twin male "engines" buried deeply and thickly to the hilt in her
 hurting, but very wet, female sexual passage and up her stretched anal canal.

 Hilda.....MISTRESS HILDA!.... had left the room a L-O-N-G time ago and the
 twin, pseudo male organs were still running rampant, at their highest possible
 setting, deep inside her protruding and sweat coated body, driving her to one
 ogasmic peak after another, all be it farther and farther apart,
 as her sexual recovery period got longer and longer and the pain
 wracking, post orgasmic contractions and spasms lasted longer and
 longer before subsiding to allow her to start her build up to yet
 another swelling, mind engulfing, orgasmic orgy of pleasure followed by yet
 another "round" of EXTREME pain. How many times, she tried to recall now,
 had she "come" in that position down there in that steaming hot, black vinyl
 walled room with the white vinyl floor mat, mirrored ceiling and gimbaled
 stainless steel "artful" rings firmly pinned into the reflecting ceiling
 above, into the padded white floor below and into each other, with all those
 dimly illuminated, rather vague looking, strange "tools of the trade" hanging
 on the far, ominous, black wall behind them?

 As her selected third tune started, Linda swayed sexily and wantonly back
 and forth, staring carefully and continuously into the mirror and, thus,
 into those kind but firm eyes that stared ever back at her, just
 as constantly, almost lovingly, but with a smiling and knowing quality about
 them and their owner that told Linda this was no "ordinary" male. No, this one
 knew her inside out without touching her, without saying a word to her! And he
 knew she was somehow "special", (she could sense it), just as she knew the
 same about him!. KNEW IT! He had that masterful but gentle quality about him
 that, late that one night in Parkersburg in that basement room, had driven her
 wild with passion and with the mindless, unreasoned desire to please in any
 way that she possibly could..........TO OBEY AND SUBMIT!....and to love, to
 lick and lave, to suck and devour, to be fondled, to be licked, to be sucked,
 and to be thoroughly filled and stuffed full of her MASTER as she
 had been driven to incredible heights of sexual satisfaction in ways she had
 never dreamed possible, as she was carefully put through one new "experience"
 after another, while begging and moaning for still more.

 As Linda locked the potent memories in her mind, reminding herself of the
 "stakes" involved, her eyes stayed locked to the gentle stranger's eyes as
 she danced and swayed her wanton sexually wicked best, and her
 mind, once again, drifted backward in time and over all those
 many intervening years, to the tepid basement room in the whore's club in
 Parkersburg to re-create and embellish the first time she'd ever met such a
 man.............A MASTER..........her OWN very special FIRST master!

 She recalled that she had just been coming down from an orgasmic peak
 that fateful night in that basement room in Parkersburg, shuddering in her
 leather straps and stainless steel "Iron Maiden" frame, when she first
 heard the padded but firm foot steps behind her on the soft, white,
 matted, floor. Her head was raised up, eyes staring ahead and locked in
 that position that had forced her to stare forward at the large, almost
 majestic, stainless steel, gimbaled rings that occupied the darkened center
 of the room, with all those frightening instruments of as yet unexperienced
 bondage and punishment that hung dimly suspended from the far black, vinyl
 wall beyond the rings. The wide leather strap that tightly
 stretched across her forehead and had locked her head between her framing
 stainless steel rod "captor", the painful stainless steel ring in
 her mouth just behind her teeth that anchored her mouth in its opened and
 vulnerable, straight ahead position with it's complimenting ball gag and
 leather strap pulled deeply and securely into the ring and her six inch wide
 leather neck strap that anchored her neck in its entirely immobile position
 and had not allowed her to turn her head even a fraction of an inch to see
 what was causing the sounds she had heard. She had tried to look upward into
 the mirrored ceiling but, all she been able to see was a downward view of
 the stainless steel gimbaled rings in the center of the large room and a
 different downward, dimmed view of the masses of leather straps, whips,
 hoods and other objects she had seen very infrequently before in her young
 and budding twenty years, even considering that two of them had been as a
 paid prostitute in this very place! WELL PAID!

 Suddenly, a gentle set of fingers, belonging to the mysterious noise maker,
 touched the sweat covered, rounded curve of her buttocks and gently moved
 back and forth through the beaded rivers that had been pouring from her body
 for what seemed like an eternity. The fingers slowly glided over her straining
 behind and slid gentlely, carefully and purposefully along her hip and forward
 across the ten inch wide leather strap that held her shuddering abdominal
 muscles rigidly locked to her outlining "maiden's frame" of stainless steel
 rods that held her rigidly in its firm confines until, finally the hand had
 reached the base of her sexually arroused and swollen, down thrust, tingling
 breast as its muscles spasmed in time with her post orgasmic tremors.

 The hand paused, and then slowly decended down the sweat covered outer slope
 of her then twenty year old, small but shapely breast, moving ever downward
 and so tantalizingly across the hanging small mound until in caressed the
 rigid, now tingling nipple in the center. The finger quickly withdrew, leaving
 Linda with only a phantom sensation of its former presence and then, suddenly,
 she felt finger tips brushing across her BOTH her hypersensitized nipples.
 Gently; Lovingly; with an ease and a touch that drove her wild with sexual
 excitement and longing; and even wilder with curiosity. This had to be another
 woman. No man could touch a woman like THAT! There wasn't a male alive
 who could do what those fingers were doing, she had thought, as the fingers
 once more withdrew.

 The mysterious fingers returned and settled gently into the back of her neck
 just above the encasing six inch neck strap and moved upward through her now
 sweat drenched hair to the the middle of the back of her head where the ball
 gag's strap was firmly buckled in place. The fingers began to loosen the strap
 ever so slowly. As it loosened, and the large rubber ball with its center
 piercing, leather, restraining strap started to move out of her mouth and out
 of that very painful stainless steel ring that rested, relentlessly up against
 the roof and the bottom of her mouth just behind her wide open and very useless
 as well as completely "harmless" teeth. Linda took a deep breath through her
 now unplugged mouth, feeling and savoring the cool air flowing around the
 retreating ball and it's soaking wet leather straps, as she listened and waited
 and watched to see who this mysterious, gentle stranger was.

 The ball gag was lifted away slowly as Linda detected it being laid carefully
 on the floor near her. As that sound retreated in her ears and died away, she
 felt something very soft coming forward over her forehead and down toward her
 eyes. As the obvious device lowered, cutting off her vision, she smelled
 leather, NEW LEATHER, and felt a soft sheepskin like texture begin to encase
 her eyes and blindfold her. "Oh, damn", she had though, "I'll never be able to
 see who's doing this to me now." The soft blindfold was tightly buckled behind
 her head, over her sweat matted hair, as the gentle hands and their even
 gentler fingers retreated yet one more time. As she strained to listen, Linda
 heard the clear and unmistakeable sound of a zipper being done or undone and
 the sound of human flesh rubbing against its leather encasement, followed by
 padding, bare feet on the white matted floor as they advanced around her
 right side and stopped in front of her uptilted, riggedly framed
 and very immobile head.

 A finger rimmed her wet wide spread lips and then slide inward to gently
 caress her languid, motionless and long unused tongue as it lay inside the
 stainless steel ring that kept he mouth propped open in what had to be a most
 obscene and inviting way. The advancing finger moved over her tongue, then
 back to her lips, then back to her tongue until, in utter frustration and
 frenzy, she began to lave the finger WITH her tongue and caress it back as it
 had caressed her tongue and her lips. This went on for a long, long time and
 as it did, the vibrating, long loving, twin male artificial "engines" in her
 behind kept up their constant rhythm and she started to build slowly toward
 yet another orgasmic peak. As the sensation grew in her lower belly and spread
 upward across her tightly strapped middle, a set of fingers began to gently
 enclose and tightly squeeze her left nipple, rolling it between them, firmly,
 but gently. The fingers moved to her right nipple where they repeated the
 motion and then retreated. Suddenly, the finger in her mouth slowly retreated
 and was gently replaced by an unmistakeable object of some considerable size.
 "My God", she thought with a start, "IT'S A MAN!"

 The fingers that had been teasing and caressing her propped open,
 obscenely, spread, sexy lips, and the wet languid tongue within, suddenly
 touched her left breast and moved incessantly downward until they
 were teasing her left nipple just as the others resumed squeezing and teasing
 her right nipple. As they continued their gentle, squeezing and teasing
 of her rigid, sensitive, multiple orgasmic stimulated nipples, her lips felt
 the slow, steady advance of a hot and engorged rigid male organ as it's head
 slip over her bottom lip and onto her tongue. As it had advanced and passed
 through the mouth bracing stainless steel ring, Linda recalled that she had
 quickly resumed her licking and laving with her tongue. Only, this time, she
 was not attending to a mere finger. This time, she was savoring, laving and
 licking the REAL THING. She rolled her tongue across the head of the slowly
 advancing male organ and slid it under the rigid edges of the obviously
 circumcised head and then slowly rolled her tongue from one side, down under
 the head and back up the other side as far as she could, and the started back
 around again.

 As the sexy, huge member very slowly advanced into her mouth,
 through the ring and over her flicking and caressing wet tongue she
 felt it relentlessly moving toward the back of her mouth and her throat.
 Gently, it began to retreat from her mouth, sliding back out
 through the ring. With the automatic reaction of a true "lady of
 the evening", she curled her lips down around the retreating shaft as
 tightly as she could and rolled her tongue back and
 forth, from one side to the other of it and across it's bottom as
 she began to suck on the now tightly lip enclosed forward part of this
 maddening huge male engine of love and procreation. She sucked on
 it and laved it with her tongue until it once again began to
 advance toward her throat; and as it continued she began to moan
 and gurgle deep in her throat to give the possessor of this
 fleshy engine a sign that she wanted more of it deep in her mouth....No,
 not her mouth.......deep in her throat. She sucked him and teased
 him and licked him and moaned her assent as he slowly acknowledged her
 efforts by moving ever further inward and toward the back of her throat.
 All the while, her suspended nipples were being played with, rolled and
 squeezingly and tightly caressed with a twin set of gentle
 talented fingers and the incessant twin vibrators were stirring
 her twin lower canals to yet another bounding, screaming orgasm.
 As these five engines of passion drove her higher and higher, she
 moaned louder and louder, emitting gurgling sounds deep within her throat,
 inviting him ever onward and into it's warm depths and "grasp".

 As the turgid and rigid head of his advancing shaft slide over her laving
 tongue and touched the roof of her mouth at the entrance to her
 throat, she took a deep breath, closed her airway and moaned louder as her
 tongue urged him forward as her throat began to open to receive him. The
 smell of his arroused male scent had been strong in her nostrils as that deep
 breath had flowed inward to her lungs.

 The head slid into her throat and began its journey into a land
 only a "lady" of Linda's "profession" had total knowlesge of and
 could skillfully, totally and unerringly provide. A land of contracting
 throat muscles that normally would be used for quite another and
 less savory operation, induced, usually, by a finger in a bath room.
 Linda ovaled her mouth still further and tightened her lips on
 the middle of the long thick shaft as her throat received the
 head and began automatically to contract and convulse around it. The
 shaft advanced further and further into her mouth and down her now
 rhythmicly contracting throat until she could feel the tickle of
 male pubic hair on her nose and against her super sensitized nostrils.

 As the distinctly arroused scent of the male owner of this huge, invading
 and pulsating organ wafted upward into her airless nostrils, her body took
 over completely and began milking the shaft with tongue, lips and
 throat muscles in a series of microsecond spaced contractions and
 complimenting attentions that brought a train of flesh encased male sperm
 across Linda's sensitive and trained tongue. As the hot fluid
 streaked over her tongue and approached the head, Linda tightened
 her lips rigidly around the base of the shaft and bore down on
 the throat encased head with all her restrained might, griping
 him tightly and milking him with rippling muscles. The hot stream gushed out
 into the contracting throat then down toward her inner belly as she moaned
 ever louder and began the tell tale signs of yet another crashing
 and mind bending orgasm. As the sperm flowed into her swallowing
 and contracting throat, the incessant fingers tighted down on her
 nipples with exceptional male strength and squeezed them and
 rolled them until they were almost flattened.

 The blinding pain in her nipples streaked downward across her
 sperm filled belly and met the freight train of a monstrous and quaking
 sexual orgasm streaking upwards from her vibrator penatrated anal canal
 and stuffed and tightening sexual passage, and screamed forward out of her now
 super-sensitized female folds' upper reaches and its now
 thoroughly stimulated and arroused small releaser of female orgasms to
 contract muscles and tendons through the length and breadth of
 her body. As the two trains, one of pain and one of pleasure, met
 in the reaches of her contracting belly muscles, her throat and
 tongue and lips went wild with motion and attention to the now
 gushing male organ lodged deep in her contracting throat and wet
 hot mouth with its laving tongue and ovaling, contracting lips and cheeks.
 Linda's moaning became the love song of a sexually satisfied female in the
 throes of providing the ULTIMATE male pleasure.......the deep
 throated ministrations of the male organ.... not a mere "blow
 job" but the talented female mouth's SUPREME attention to the male organ
 and the ego of the male mind.

 And then, as quickly as it had occured, it was over and the
 turgid, still rigid, huge male member was withdrawn from her
 throat and the head was sliding across her tongue toward the
 portal of her ovaled lips back through the bracing stainless
 steel ring to exit the safe harbor of whore Linda's talented
 mouth and throat. As it withdrew Linda exhaled and drew in
 another pungent gulp of male scented air and tended to laving the
 last vestiges of sperm from its rounded head, until it popped out
 of her mouth with a sound similar to a champaign cork leaving a
 bottle of vintage Rothschild's.

 Only then, did the crushing, yet somehow gentle, fingers release
 Linda's flattened nipples. As they did, the pain screamed back
 for brief instant and then slowly radiated outward and retreated
 across the expanse of her hanging, sweat drenched breasts. The
 vibrators droned on and on and the pain settled into her body
 from head to foot, from the tips of her glove encased stretched
 fingers to her leather encased stretched toes.

 She listened, trying to hear the male owner of the huge invading
 cock she had serviced so well, but all she could hear was the
 panting of her breath, the incessant flesh muffled humm of her twin
 lower canal invaders and the pounding of her racing heart.

 "Linda, you stupid Bitch!" "The songs over!" "You goin' to dance
 all night with no music, you dumb cunt?"

 It was B.J.! My god, I've danced clear through my song, Linda realized.
 With a start, she realized she was staring into the mirror on the
 back of the platform at the face of the handsome, bearded
 stranger at the end of the U-Shaped Bar. His pale blue eyes were
 locked on hers and as they smiled with a frightening firmness,
 the very tip of his tongue rolling around his now ovaled mouth.
 Since he was facing the mirror, no one else saw what he was
 doing, but Linda did.........LINDA SAW IT AND BOLTED FROM THE
 PLATFORM, DOWN THE STEPS AND INTO THE BACK ROOM, SLAMMING AND
 LOCKING THE DOOR BEHIND HER AS SHE SANK INTO THE CHAIR IN FRONT
 OF DANCERS DRESSING TABLE AND MIRROR.

 She looked down at her pale blue bikini pants and saw a growing
 wet spot turning the center of the crotch darker and darker and darker.
 She ignored that and leaned back and let her mind drift off and
 back to a younger, panting, hurting, Linda in a Parkersburg
 whores den basement. Then, as now, her panting breath and
 pounding heart, subsided slowly until all was calm except the
 slow steady humm of the twin vibrators.

 She listened for a telltale sound of her obviously satisfied male
 invader and heard none. Then, above the vibrators and her
 pounding but slowing heart and subsiding panting breath, she
 heard the sound of leather on leather; the telltale sound of two
 legs rubbing together in leather pants. In fact, she thought she
 heard several sets of these sounds, simultaneously.

 Without any other sounds or any words and without warning, she
 felt her knees and lower legs leave the floor and the motion of
 her body upward and forward toward the center of the room. She
 could feel a gentle swaying in her downward pointed breasts and
 nipples and then she heard a "click" and her left leg straightened out
 at the hip and at the knee and pointed straight back from her
 body and then rotated until it was pointed backward and outward
 toward the left at an angle of forty-five degrees to the axis of her body.
 Then a "Snap". The right leg repeated the motion, beginning with
 the tell tale Clicks and ending with the maddening Snaps.

 Another "Click" and then her bent back head and neck were rotated
 forward until the top of her head was once again pointed along the
 axis of her body and forward and another "Snap". And then, yet another
 set of Clicks and her arms swung forward and upward until they
 too pointed along the axis of her body, above (out in front of?)
 her head and then were rotated outward to either side to an angle
 of forty-five degrees, each, to her body's axis. And two more "Snaps".

 There, encased in her outlining stainless steel "Iron Maiden's Frame" and a
 host of leather straps that bound her immobil into it, Linda
 found herself moving forward in a splayed out, spreadeagled
 position, face down with a set of humming vibrators up her over
 worked ass and cunt with the sound of leather against leather
 coming from the vicinity of tips of her fingers and toes.

 And then, she felt the steel rods around her hands and fingers
 and to which her gloved/mittened fingers were extended toward and
 strapped to, bump something equally metalic and the forward
 motion stopped. A flurry of "Clicks" followed by "Snaps" ensued
 along with the sound of leather on leather moving along both sides
 of her body some short distance away. And then the Clicks and
 Snaps ceased and the leather on leather sounds retreated and a
 heavy metal door clicked shut and there were sounds of it locking.

 Suspended in midair, facing downward, the sweat dripping from her
 over worked, pained and tired body, she listened attentively for
 a sound..........ANY SOUND.........BUT HEARD NONE! Only her
 breathing, the pounding of her heart and the low, incessant hum
 of her two long lodged, bodily invaders. Nothing else.

 Suddenly, a gentle finger settled on her soft under belly, and another.
 They slowly slid through the sweat coated skin below the 10 inch wide
 belt that anchored her belly to the "Maiden's Frame" and
 into her brown, sweat covered pubic hair and ever downward
 through it to the upper cleft of her female folds that covered
 her sex. The fingers paused over the now very sore center of her
 womanly passions and desires to tease it and roll it between
 them, ever so gently and slowly and carefully widen her slack sexual
 "lips" as they continued onward until they grasp the end of the vaginal
 invader, still humming away, and with a sudden motion and a
 slurping "pop" the infernal buzzing imitation male engine was out
 of her love canal and buzzing in clear air. Then it stopped.

 The fingers returned, this time at the base of her upward pointed
 sweat coated back. They marched through the field of sweat to the crack
 of her behind and spread the cheeks of her buttocks ever wider as
 they progressed toward her anus where they stopped at the anal invader,
 humming away in her inards. As before, there was a sudden motion,
 followed by a much less slurping but still wet sounding "pop" and the
 rear imitation male invader was heard in clear air and then
 ceased it buzzing noise.

 The fingers returned to her under belly and with them the
 obviously large hands of their owner. They reached under her from
 behind and between her wide spread legs and began to rub and
 massage her lower belly below the wide restraining belt, where her
 muscles hurt so badly. They kneeded and massaged and advanced
 slowly down into her pubic hair and then turned sideways and
 began to massage her inner thighs at the juncture of her sex,
 working ever away and back toward the knees.

 As she hung there in midair, Linda thought about that big hand balling
 into a fist and the other hand spreading her wide open as the fist
 moved ever forward into her wet, well used, abused and stretched vaginal
 passage until the rigid, balled hand was rammed tightly and thoroughly up
 inside her stretched passage beyond the wrist and the hand was
 uncurling to allow the fingers to caress the nouth of her smooth
 cervix and massage the walls of her insides. But the hands retreated and
 the silence returned once again. Now ALL she could hear was her
 heart pounding and her breath whistling through the stainless
 steel iron ring in her mouth and past her lips.

 Then, after a long wait, the fingers returned, this time to
 place the ball gag into the stainless steel ring inside her mouth,
 and then buckle it tightly behind her sweat soaked head, over her matted
 hair. When she had felt it approaching her mouth, she had ovaled her lips
 and tried to wrap them around the edges of the ball, but the
 straps drew the corners of her mouth back and prevented that entirely.
 The fingers moved upward on the back of her head which, like her
 back, faced upward toward the ceiling, not backward, and they found the
 buckle of her blindfold. Tenderly they unbuckled the leather
 blindfold and lowered it from her eyes. She looked downward and
 saw the white mat and the bottom arc of one of the stainless
 steel rings in her field of vision. To the right side she could
 see a pair of large, obviously male, bare feet, with leather pant
 legs extending up from them. She could see nothing else.

 The huge stainless steel "mounting ring" had shuddered as its
 attached, totally suspended and totally encased sweating, twenty
 year old female's body reacted to what its mind finally
 registered and began to protest.

 LINDA WAS MOUNTED, SPLAYED OUT AND SPREADEAGLED, FACE DOWNWARD, ON THE
 MAJESTIC AND OMINOUSLY BEAUTIFUL "RINGS"..........WITH HER SWEATING SPREAD
 SEX TOTALLY EXPOSED AND OPEN...........THEY HAD BECOME HER " MOUNTING RINGS"!!!

 As Linda leaned back in the dressing table chair, panting and her
 heart pounding, she propped her feet up on the table and closed
 her eyes to savor the memory of her shock and surprise in that
 fateful basement room in the Parkersburg whores den that night
 (or was it now DAY?).

 Linda, sitting in the dressing room in a Go-Go bar, contemplated
 with anticipation, the memory of what she had next experienced in
 that long, long ago and far away time.

                    End of Part 1 - Chapter 2




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


         LINDA MEETS THE HANDSOME "MASTER OF THE 'RINGS'"

                          Part 1   Chapter 3

 Suspended from her "Maiden's Frame" of Stainless Steel in a host
 of tight leather straps, Linda had observed that the white, vinyl
 matted floor looked to be about four or five feet below her,
 though that observation didn't really matter much since she was
 helplessly suspended, face down with that pair of bare male feet
 and leather encased legs off to her right, toes pointing toward
 her, and there was NOTHING she could do about it but LOOK. The
 ball gag was back in her mouth, seated in her obscenely propped
 open mouth (damn that ring had hurt her mouth!), and she was
 again speechless as well as immobile.

 Suddenly, the bare feet and legs moved and she heard another one
 of those "Clicks". She could feel her head begin to lower toward
 the floor and her feet rise toward the ceiling as her immobilized
 body began to rotate about her middle. The floor and it's gleaming,
 white, vinyl mat came ever closer to her head as her "mounting ring"
 rotated in a wide, downward circle and her sweat drenched hair started
 to hang downward over the straps that bound the stainless steel ring
 and the ball tightly and painfully into her mouth. She focused
 her eyes on the stainless steel arc of the outside ring that passed at
 90 degrees to her body, below her and, soon, the intersecting
 ring was out of her field of view as her head passed above it.

 Her body paused as the rotating motion ceased for a while. Linda
 gazed outward across the black vinyl walled room with its white
 vinyl matted floor and, for the first time, saw a large door at
 the far end of the room, also vinyl covered and now closed tight,
 sealing her and her sexual tormentor in the room alone, all by
 themselves, or so she had presumed.

 In her upside down position she could see a portion of the
 mirrored ceiling at the far end of the room and not much else.
 The room, in that direction was plain and very blank. Hanging
 there in the tight, all encasing stainless steel frame, her
 legs splayed out and spreadeagled toward the mirrored ceiling
 near which her stretched and pointed leather encased feet pointed
 their equally stretched , tightly tensioned pointed toes, Linda strained
 to look upwards from just above white floor along the sweating, smooth
 plane of her suspended, naked body, through heaving, sweat
 covered breasts. Her arms, equally spreadeagled and splayed out,
 pointed their extended and leather entrapped fingers toward the
 white expanse of the soft looking vinyl matted floor. The huge
 steel rings were nowhere in sight, nor was her sexy attendant
 whom she had yet to behold in full. She remembered that she had
 been confused and fearful as the familiar objects she had seen
 previously were no where to be found in her field of vision.

 The blood rushed to her head and she could feel her face becoming
 flush as it drained downward from her legs and lower body (which
 were upward, now) into her downward pointed head, arms and upper body.

 As the terror mounted and her strained mind raced, (thinking about
 being suspended this way indefinitely), her body began to slowly
 rotate once more, arcing around in the same direction. As her
 obscenely spread legs began to rotate downward back behind her
 and her outstretched arms began to rise, more and more of the
 mirrored ceiling came into view, and with it an ever increasing
 panorama of the total room and it's contents as revealed by the
 ever present and growing mirror above her. As her face rose in that
 steady arcing motion, she glimpsed her first view of her upper
 body in the mirrored ceiling and promptly inhaled a huge quantity
 of air through her flared nostrils. The bizzare sight stunned her
 into a numbing realization of her total predicament.

 She was indeed spreadeagled obscenely, and in a stainless steel
 frame that outlined her body with wide straps binding her tightly
 to it. The frame, in turn, was connected to one of the huge gimbaled
 rings by stainless steel chains that passed through D-Rings
 welded to the edge of the frame and extended outward from the
 frame and her body to the circumference of the ring where they
 were attached to D-Rings welded to her "mounting ring" at regular
 intervals. Her spreadeagled body was, indeed, the focal point of a series
 of radial chains except that there were none between her spread arms
 and their pointed fingers. As her body slowly rotated to a
 horizontal, face up, position, she noted that there also were no
 gleaming chains between the ninety degree spread of her legs,
 thus, leaving her obscenely displayed sex, open and vulnerable in
 the apex of her widely splayed legs. OBSCENE, she had though.
 Sexually degrading and totally obscene! As she slowly exhaled and gazed
 with continued amazement at her outstretched, strapped and encircled body
 in its present helpless horizontally face up position, she got her first
 glimpse of the owner of the sexually teasing and strong fingers that
 had put her through her paces earlier; AND...the owner of that now "well
 serviced" male member that had so recently enjoyed the deepest
 reaches of her very talented mouth to its fullest.

 He was standing outside the ring between her hugely spread legs,
 his hands resting on the gleaming "mounting ring" that held her spread
 horizontally looking face up......staring resolutely back at her in the
 overhead mirrored ceiling. His pale blue eyes met Linda's eyes for the
 first time and he smiled. From what she could see in the mirrored
 ceiling, he was partially bald with sandy, light brown hair, a
 full but neatly trimmed beard with the broadest shoulders and
 biggest chest she had seen on a man in a long long time. He had
 on a pair of tight, full length leather pants, otherwise he was
 naked and extremely well tanned.

 Her "Mounting Ring" was at a level even with his smooth, almost
 hairless chest, just about in front of his nipples. In his right
 hand, resting up on her "Ring" was a black box of some sort.

 She saw him press the box with his finger and instantly there was
 one of those "Clicks" and her body and the "Mounting Ring"
 started to rotate horizontally in a counter clockwise direction.
 As she and the ring slowly rotated she got yet another quick glance
 at the dimly lit black wall behind her bare chested, sexy tormentor;
 that equipment ladden wall with all the bondage and punishment
 equipment shelved and hanging on it..........and then it had
 rotated out of her field of view.

 She kept her eyes locked on his in the mirrored ceiling as she
 slowly swung around in a half circle, until finally, the top of her
 head was pointed directly at him and he was between her ninety degree
 outstretched arms, although still outside her "Mounting Ring". She
 heard a "Snap", saw his finger move up off the black box and felt
 her motion cease. He took his eyes off hers and ducked under the
 ring between her arms and gazed down into her eyes directly. "God
 he's handsome", she remembered having thought as she gazed up
 into his pale blue eyes. His eyes sparkled and seemed to smile
 down at her. He raised his empty left hand and brushed his finger
 tips gently across her leather restrained forehead and back up into her
 sweat matted and coated hair. Then he lifted his hand forward and ran
 a finger from the tip of her nose along it's length up between her eyes
 and across her forehead into her hair and then lifted it off her
 head and let his arm drop to his side.

 He ducked back under the "mounting ring" and walked to the dimly lit,
 ominous, equipment wall which was almost out of her view. She heard
 something rattling and, soon, he returned with a wheeled cart with drawers
 in it and some bottles on top of it. Some of the bottles had what
 looked like those hospital straws in them.....the ones that bent
 in the middle as they came up out of the bottles. He reached
 under her head and unfastened her ball gag strap, then slowly
 lifted the gag up out of her mouth. Then he reached over toward
 the side of her face and undid the strap that held that painful,
 ever hurting stainless steel ring behind her teeth, resting against
 the roof and bottom of her mouth and propping it obscenely open.
 As the strap loosened, he lifted it upward. She cooperated by
 opening her mouth as wide as she possibly could. In the mirror,
 she saw the strap and ring arrangement begin to rise out of her
 mouth. When it was gone, she closed her mouth, for the first time
 in hours and hours, and sighed a great sigh of relief. She looked
 up into the mirror and saw he was smiling back at her. She
 started to open her mouth to speak, but he frowned and put his
 finger vertically upright in front of the center of his lips. She
 heard no sound, but understood the gesture for "be quiet".

 As she watched him in the mirrored ceiling, he reached down and
 took one of the strawed bottles off the cart top and raised it up
 along side her face. He pointed the straw down toward her mouth
 and she took it between her lips and sucked on it. Cool fluid
 flowed into her mouth and toward her throat. She swallowed and
 sucked more liquid up through the straw, back down through it's
 bent elbow, through her pursed, sucking lips, into her mouth and
 then down her thirsty throat into her belly. She stared directly
 into his eyes the whole time and he stared back, smiling.

 Finally, she heard a gurgling sound coming from the bottle and
 the fluid ran out. He removed the straw from her lips, returned
 the bottle to the cart top and picked up another one, repeating
 the previous process.

 After four bottles had been exhausted, he ceased feeding her in
 this strange way. Each of the four bottles of liquid she had
 consumed had a different taste. Two of them tasted like gatoraide.
 The other two tasted somewhat like a milkshake. She was about to
 thank him when the ball gag suddenly appeared in his hand in
 front of her face and he pressed it firmly into her mouth and
 buckled the straps tightly behind her head. He stepped back and,
 simultaneously, she heard another "Click". Slowly her feet and toes
 descended and her head rose as it moved upward and forward; upward
 toward the other stainless steel ring which arced majestically over-
 head, a pin eminating from it's outer edge up into the mirriored ceiling.
 As her head approached the ring she lost sight of it, but not
 before she realized that is was at least two inches thick and
 round in crossection. "Pretty sturdy", she had thought. "I wonder
 why so big and thick?" (Later, Linda would find an answer to her
 silent question......an answer she would never forget and the recollection
 of which would do strange, sexually gratifying things to her submissive
 body as it struck terror into her very soul in the years to come).

 There was a "Snap" and she stopped moving, stretched, NOW, from
 floor to ceiling, upright and grossly spreadeagled as her leather
 encased finger tips stretched toward the ceiling and her
 outspread legs and their leather encased toes pointed toward the floor.
 As she had been rising, her handsome, blue eyed, bearded and
 silent tormentor had appeared in front and slightly below her
 eyes. She could once again see the black vinyl covered door and
 its receiving wall which was behind the handsome stranger who was
 now facing her. He bent over at the waist and then stood up and
 stepped backward. As he moved farther back she saw that he was
 dragging a half circle portion of the mat. He dropped it and
 returned, repeating the previous maneuver and dragging another
 half circle of white mat back and dropping it. As he walked back
 toward her, he angled off to her right.

 Linda heard a noise over her head, but with her head anchored in
 the frame in an upright position perhaps two or three feet below
 the ceiling, she was unable to see where the noise originated.

 He came back into her field of view and stood placidly in front
 of her gazing slightly upward into her eyes. He smiled, reached
 forward toward her with his right hand and inserted his fingers
 in the crack of her sex and spread her wide open. He looked back
 up into her eyes from but couple of feet away and smiled at her.
 She understood. Embarrassed she tightened her bladder muscles and a
 golden stream began to flow profusely until, about a minute or two later,
 she was empty and it died to a dribble. He released her spread
 nether lips, turned his palm up and patted them gently, stepped back,
 then moved off again toward her right. She heard a squeeking noise
 and, suddenly, a fine spray of warm water descended from the
 ceiling above her head and upward from the floor below, totally
 engulfing her in it's cooling mist.. He returned and stood in front
 of her as the water misted downward and shot upward to bathe and
 cleanse her bound, strapped. rigged body. The water grew warmer
 until it was soothingly hot as it struck her body and the ran
 down in rivers toward the floor. He walked back off to her right
 and returned with a small hose and nozzle in his hand. He aimed
 the nozzle at her and squeezed the handle. The stream of water
 that resulted hit her between her outward thrust bare breasts,
 stinging a little, but not greatly.

 Her bearded, handsome "attendant" played the stream downward
 until it was striking her lower belly just above her pubic hair
 and then he lowered it and let it massage her sex as he played it
 up and down her crotch, kneeling down to assure that he got up
 under it with the tingling, pleasant stream. He arced the stream
 down her left thigh and then back up across her hair covered
 crotch and sex and down the right thigh. He repeated the process
 a half dozen times and then stood up and raised the stream up
 across her under belly, across her ten inch wide belly restraint,
 to the middle of her chest and then swung the stream outward
 toward her right nipple where he gently circled the stream for a
 minute and then moved across her chest to the left breast and
 nipple and repeated the process. Through all this, the mist
 flowed from the ceiling down over Linda and the streams rose from
 the floor to strike her legs and body. The hot, soothing "bath"
 went on for about ten minutes until he shut of the noozle, walked
 over to her right and the squeeking sound was heard once again
 and the water ceased and the noise above her head repeated itself.

 Linda, could not see herself in the mirrored ceiling in her
 spreadeagled vertically upright position, but she had imagined
 that she glistened with beads of warm water, all over her firmly
 bound body.

 She heard one "click" and then another one and her head began to
 lower and her feet began to rise as she rotated clockwise at the
 same time. When the twin "Snaps" final sounded the ceasation of
 her downward and sideways rotating motions she was again
 horizontal, face up, but cross ways with the long axis of the room
 instead of lengthways. The wall with all the very dimly lit bondage and
 punishment gear was to her right and the door to her left.

 She looked up and could see her bearded "friend" standing by the
 cart smiling back at her in the mirrored ceiling. He wheeled the
 cart over toward her head on the right and then opened a drawer
 and began to remove objects from it and lay them on the top of the
 cart. He picked up what looked like a pair of forceps and a long
 thin needle-like shaft, ducked under the her "mounting ring", and
 suddenly his face appeared above and behind her head and he
 looked down at her and smiled.

 His large hands and arms reached up along both sides of her head to hover
 above her left breast, where his nimble fingers placed the tips of the open
 forceps down over her left nipple and then closed them tight over it from
 above. A blinding burst of pain hit Linda as her eyes beheld, in the over
 head mirrored ceiling, her left nipple crushed between the jaws of the
 closed forceps. In his right hand appeared an ominous long, hollow and
 pointed needle. He aligned the needle so that it was pointed at
 her left nipple and the forceps from the direction of her right
 breast and began to press it through an opening in the head of
 the tightly clamped forceps.

 LINDA WENT WILD WITH MOANING, GURGLING PROTESTS AND RUBBER BALL
 STIFFLED SCREAMS AS THE NEEDLE ADVANCED THROUGH THE HOLE IN THE
 FORCEPS, THROUGH HER LEFT NIPPLE AND OUT THROUGH A HOLE IN THE
 TIP OF THE FORCEPS ON THE OTHER SIDE OF HER CLAMPED NIPPLE AND
 CONTINUED UNTIL IT WAS STICKING OUT OF HER NIPPLE AND THE FORCEPS
 ABOUT TWO INCHES TOWARD HER LEFT, WITH THE REMAINING TWO INCHES
 STICKING OUT ON THE OTHER SIDE.

 As she regained her composure and the pain subsided slightly, she
 stared in disbelief and fascination at her needle punctured
 nipple. A little drop of blood had appeared on either side where
 the needle entered and exited her nipple at the tip or head of the forceps.
 She had heard of "nipple piercing", but never in a million years
 would she EVER have believed that she'd EVER see her nipple pierced as
 it now, quite obviously, was. Nor would she have EVER consented to such
 idiocy and destruction of her fine, twenty year old figure. She
 attempted every motion and sound she was capable of to register
 her displeasure and disapproval to this sandy haired, bearded,
 broad shouldered, tanned SAVAGE who had just ruined her for life!

 But he paid no attention to her and, instead, withdrew the needle
 and inserted a stainless steel pin or shaft where the needle had
 been, released it, and screwed a tiny little ball on the now
 leftward protruding, bare threaded end of the shaft and took his
 fingers off the shaft entirely when the little ball was firmly
 screwed onto it. He released the forceps, opened the jaws so they
 were beyond the ends of tiny "barbelled" shaft through her left nipple
 and withdrew them upward toward the ceiling in one continuous motion.

 Linda remembered having stared up into the ceiling and back down
 at her pain engulfed left breast and the deeply reddened, tortured
 nipple with the steel mini-barbell stuck through it right to left
 across her and over her left breast. It wasn't very big, that mini-barbell,
 but it surely WAS.................THERE!

 As she contemplated the new ornament in her left nipple, with an
 ever increasing, sickening feeling in the pit of her strapped stomach,
 the hands and arms returned around the sides of her face and the same
 forceps once again descended over her right nipple and clamped
 down tight. She went crazy with moans, gurgles, rubber muffled
 protests and restrained "almost" motions as the forcep tips
 closed and clamped and the long thin needle approached her RIGHT NIPPLE.
 She was screaming and protesting to high heaven, still, when the
 needle passed through her trapped and now skewered right nipple
 and reappeared, heading toward her left breast and the room went
 dark and everything went black.

 When she came to, Linda remembered that she was in a head up,
 feet down, vertical, position and it was quiet and very very dim
 in the room, almost dark, but not quite.

 SHE AWAKENED WITH A START!.........THE STRAPS THAT HAD HELD HER
 RIDGEDLY INTO THE "MAIDENS FRAME" WERE.....GONE! THE DAMNEDABLE
 STAINLESS STEEL RING AND THE BALL GAG WERE BACK IN HER MOUTH,
 BOTH PROPPING IT WIDE OPEN AND PLUGGING IT TIGHT AT THE SAME TIME.

 She attempted to move her head and found she could roll it around
 and that it was free to move in any direction she cared to move it.
 She lower her chin to her chest and looked downward. There,
 through each nipple, were those skewering "barbells" out on the
 ends of her pert, small twenty year old breasts. Had she not looked, she
 thought, she probabaly would not have felt them there, except for
 a very dull ache in each breast. She also sensed the same sort of
 "ache" between her legs in her crotch but she could not see down
 there at all and the mirrored ceiling was no help at all in that regard,
 especially with it so dim, almost dark, in the room. She rolled
 her head backward and looked upward at the ceiling and was
 startled to see her face looking back at her from the mirrored
 ceiling between her widely out-stretched arms, which were in the
 same position, but unrestrained except for her gloved/mittened
 hands which now were wrapped around stainless steel "trapeze
 rings" and buckled closed over the "trapeze rings" to her palms.
 The "trapeze rings" were, in turn attached to her two inch thick
 outer "mounting ring" and several of it's spaced D-Rings by
 clamps or clips of some kind. As she stared upward, she realized
 that all the straps were gone and so was the "maiden's frame" and
 she was suspended simply but effectively by her gloved/mittened
 hands. She pulled upward on her right leg as she stared at
 herself and found that her feet were still encased in leather,
 toes pointed and bound outspread as before to the "mounting ring"
 or so she surmised.

 As she gazed upwards into the mirrored ceiling she suddenly
 realized that there was a new, small, stainless steel ring in each ear,
 high up in the cartilidge of each ear and.........,OH MY
 GOD!.....A SLIGHTLY LARGER STAINLESS STEEL RING IN HER NOSE LIKE
 SOME SOUTH PACIFIC SAVAGE! The shock of her realization and the
 effect on her mind instantly caused tears to roll down her cheeks
 and deep sobs to heave her body and her now pierced breasts. As she
 continued to stare upwards in utter disbelief, she saw that her
 hair had been combed out and up into a ponytail on top of her head and
 was thrust through a wide, tight leather band and braided over and around a
 stainless steel loop or ring just above the leather band so that
 the top of her head was "crowned" by a leather-ring-hair affair
 that now was as much a part of her head as her own hair and just
 as attached by virtue of the fact that her hair was bound into it
 and around it in an almost permanent, tight fashion. So tight, in
 fact, that she could feel the pull of her hair upward by the
 leather strap and ring and it raised her forehead and eyebrows in
 the process.

 As she gazed upwards in increasing shock and dismay, her body
 broke out in a running sweat. She was now like a spreadeagled
 "sex-freak" in some sex orgy show she had once heard about but
 totally disbelieved as pure fantasy. THIS WAS NO FANTASY. She
 could see and feel it, exceedingly well. TOO WELL! IT WAS LINDA...
 ......AND......LINDA WAS........"IT"!!!

 As the awful realization of her altered state sunk in, the
 damnedable "Click" sounded and she rotated backward, head going
 down and feet coming up. As the inner ring rotated she looked up
 into the dim ceiling and observed herself thoroughly spreadeagled,
 naked except for her restrained and stretched hands and feet, rings
 in her nose, her ears, her nipples, and......OH MY GOD,.........RINGS
 IN HER PUSSY LIPS.....FOUR OF THEM.....TWO ON EITHER SIDE OF HER SEX...
 ......STAINLESS STEEL RINGS!!!

 Her stainless steel mounting ring rotated her head backward to a
 horizontal postion and then continued to rotate until her head
 was hanging straight down, her face toward the door end of the
 room, she thought back and recalled, and then it continued to rotate
 until she was once again horizontal, but face down, looking at the floor,
 which now had no mat and was, in fact a terrazo, shower-stall
 affair with a six inch curb around it to keep the water in, she
 had supposed.

 Her arms and legs tensioned and tractioned as the ring rotated
 around in a circle so that her body weight was at first carried
 by her arms and then by her arms and her legs as she was
 horizontal and then by her legs alone. And the ring kept slowly
 rotating and her head rose, once again toward the ceiling. The
 rotation continued for a long long time, she recalled, and she
 alternated from rightside up to upsidedown a number of times,
 each time taking in more details of both her position and her
 now pierced body.

 As she approached an upright, head up, position after that long
 series of "passes" around, she heard the ominous sound of the
 door opening behind her and a series of leather on leather
 swishes that could only mean leather encased legs walking
 .....TOWARD HER. When her head reached a straight up
 position there was a "Snap" and her "mounting ring" stopped.

 As she listened to the swishing sounds behind her, the lights in
 the room got brighter and brighter........NO, NOT ALL OF THEM,....
 ..........JUST THE ONES SHINING ON THE WALL IN FRONT OF HER!!!

 As she saw that black vinyl wall really clearly for the first
 time, she inhaled sharply, her pierced nipples shuddered, her
 heart began to pound like it was going to come out of her chest
 and she threw her head back and forth with a frenzy over what she
 beheld.

 There, on what she had supposed was a storage place for straps,
 gags, belts and other bondage bondage and punishment gear were
 some of the wildest things she had ever beheld in her life. Whips
 of all shapes and lengths and sizes.....single stranded and multiple;
 Gags and hoods of every imaginable shape and form; Leather and
 rubber body suits; Funny looking round rings with legs rising out
 of the rings to an apex perhaps six to eight inches above them and a
 thread steel shaft sticking back down through the apex toward the
 center of the ring with a handle on the shaft above the apex and a
 ring welded to the shaft below the apex, but above the ring's center.

 She turned her head from side to side taking in the black vinyl
 covered wall's contents carefully. There were paddles.....many of
 them; some small, some large and some studded with wicked looking
 steel studs. There were rods and canes....many of them. And
 buckled straps buy the scores...NO HUNDREDS!

 And.......THERE WERE DILDOS.....ARTIFICIAL MALE COCKS....SOME SO
 HUGE SHE HAD TO LOOK TWICE AND FOCUS CAREFULLY TO BE SURE SHE WAS
 SEEING WHAT SHE WAS SEEING.

 SOME OF THEM LOOKED TO BE THREE OR FOUR INCHES IN DIAMETER AND A FOOT AND
 A HALF OR TWO FOOT LONG!..........AND SOME OF THEM HAD THREAD STEEL SHAFTS
 STICKING OUT WHERE THEY NORMALLY WOULD BE ATTACHED TO THE MALE BODY!!!
 MANY OF THEM HAD MEAN LOOKING KNOBS ALONG THEIR FLESH TONED LENGTHS!

 And over in one corner of the wall were a whole series of nipple
 clamps, breast bands and lead or steel weights hanging ominously
 from their hooks. She'd seen these things in catalogs and laughed
 about it....THEN! Now she stared at them in almost disbelief and a
 huge shudder rippled through her body.

 Looking down at the floor in front of the wall she saw tripod
 devices galore with cranks on them to raise and lower their
 shafts rising up through their centers to a top or receiving head
 that was always pierced with a threaded hole to receive a
 threaded shaft. Her head turned toward the huge male cocks and
 then back toward the tripods, back and forth several times, and
 as she put the two devices together in her mind she began to buck
 and twist in her bonds inside the mounting ring and scream into
 her rubber ball gag and receiving steel ring with utter terror as
 she pictured the huge rubber cocks being mounted on the tripods
 and screwed up into her cunt and her ass......deep into them
 until they had disappeared inside her, spreading her and ripping
 into her as they sunk deeper and deeper and deeper into her most
 private parts to invade her expanded inards.

 "HI, BITCH!!! "HOW DO YOU LIKE MY "SEX TOYS",............SLAVE?"

 Hilda had strolled into view off on her right and then around in
 front of her, staring up into her face and smirking. She wore a
 leather.....NO!......IT WAS RUBBER!............GLEEMING, SLICK LATEX!..
 ......body suit that covered her from head to toe, except that
 it had no crotch and it had holes through which her breasts projected
 obscenely. Her face was made up in such a way that she looked
 like a witch........NO, LIKE A FEMALE VERSION OF SATAN HIMSELF!

                      End of Part I - Chapter 3




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


           MISTRESS HILDA AND "FRIENDS" TAKE CHARGE OF LINDA

                          Part 1 -  Chapter 4

 As Linda stared helplessly and hopelessly downward at the sneering version
 of her personal  Satan, a female version in the person of the evil incarnate,
 Hilda........MISTRESS HILDA............she shuddered and started to buck and
 scream, but, of course, she moved little in her bound upright spreadeagled
 position and only gurgling, muffled, moaning sounds and snorts of terror
 filled breath came out of her ring and ball gag plugged mouth from (and
 through) her cheeks, throat and nose.

 Hilda smiled up at her, cunningly, and, very slowly and deliberately,
 her cruel right hand extended forward, grasp the ends of the tiny "bar-bell"
 skewering Linda's left nipple..........SHE TWISTED IT NINETY DEGREES
 CLOCKWISE..........and the pain shot through Linda's breast and radiated
 across her chest, taking her breath away in a quick, spontaneous, gasp.

 Hilda's fingers released and the streaking pain radiated outward once more
 as the tiny "bar-bell" and its skewered nipple snapped back to a "normal"
 position. Hilda reached down under Linda's crotch and tugged fiercely at
 the stainless steel rings in her outer sex lips...one at a time...and,...
 again,....Linda gasped,.....FOUR MORE TIMES.

 "AND WHAT HAVE WE, HERE, MY PRETTY LITTLE WHORE?" "HAS THE HANDSOME
 MEAN BEARDED MAN PROVIDED YOU WITH SOME 'JEWELRY' TO WEAR FOR
 HIM, MY PRETTY, HELPLESS......SLAVE?", Hilda had literally spat out
 and up into Linda's face.

 Linda turned her head away toward her right arm, spread eagled
 upward such as it was, as she tried to avoid the evil eyes of
 Mistress Hilda and the sight of her rubber covered, obscenely
 (very obscenely!) displayed body with it's white tits and hairy pussy
 sticking out from openings in the tight, form fitting rubber suit.

 "LOOK AT ME,....YOU GODDAMN WHORE!!!", Hilda screamed. But Linda
 kept her head turned sideways and stared, instead, at her arm and
 the arc of the huge ring beyond that held her so totally spread,
 so grossly in bondage and so helpless before this fearful, screaming,
 satanic bitch.

 "LOOK AT ME!,......YOU FUCKING WHORE!", screamed Hilda.

 But Linda persisted and her head stayed turned ninety degrees to
 her right, totally avoiding Hilda's eyes.

 "OK, HAVE IT YOUR WAY, CUNT!" Linda heard Mistress Hilda say as she walk away
 across  the white padded mat, away from Linda, toward the fearful wall . Linda
 visualized in her mind where the various pieces of "equipment" were on the
 wall as she listened to Hilda walk away. Linda quickly determined that Hilda
 was headed straight for the section that had all the breast punishment
 devices hanging from it. Nipple clamps, weights and the like. But Linda
 absolutely refused to look to see what Mistress Hilda was doing, or
 rather, what she MIGHT be "getting" from that treasure trove small but
 highly effective "punishment" devices designed specifically and especially
 to infict maximum pain and suffering on its female victim throught the constant
 and excruciating application of continuous pain to the female breast and
 its nipple; the most potentially sexually demeaning devices in the horrifying
 and mind boggling collection that now was displayed in front a helplessly
 naked and spreadeagled Linda whose breasts were bared and whose
 nipples were pierced with the ever present tiny "barbell" devices!

 The feet padded back across the mat and onto the terazzo area
 beneath Linda's suspended, tortured, and extensively pierced hanging
 and aching body. A hand reached up past her turned face and head
 and grabbed the big ring around which Linda's hair was so
 tightly braided stretched tight; and in one swift motion, Linda's chin was
 yanked around to face her tormentress and then slammed downward unto Linda's
 naked chest and held tightly in that position by the straining female
 arm pulling down on Linda's ponytailed, ringed hair.

 "NOW, YOU DISOBEDIENT BITCH,.....YOU CAN DO IT.......MY WAY!"

 And no sooner had the words left her tormentress' mouth than a small steel
 wired loop was drooped from above over her right nipple and its nipple
 piercing "bar-bell" until it was around and under both and then yank back
 upward so the small braided wire "loop" came up swiftly and firmly under her
 right nipple and was trapped under the "bar-bell", yanking both firmly upward.
 Mistress Hilda fed the other looped end of the fine wire "choker" through
 Linda's stainless steel nose ring and pulled the loop at the tiny wire
 "choker's" "loose end" down to Linda's left nipple and it's piercing
 "bar-bell".  The evil Hilda's free hand pressed Linda's left breast and nipple
 severely upward as the other hand dropped the wire "Choker Loop" over the left
 nipple and piercing "bar-bell". Hilda swiftly and savagely
 released and dropped both the wire device with it's nipple encircling loops
 and Linda's upstretched left breast. With a severe and excruciating jolt,
 Linda's pierced nipples were entrapped and strangled by the tiny,
 encircling wire loops at the ends of the thin wire device now strung through
 her nose piercing ring as both nose and nipples were tensioned toward each
 other by a barely visible and strange upsidedown wired "V"!

 Linda gazed down at her tensioned nipples as they were pulled
 upward toward her downturned face and nose piercing ring. She
 could see the single strand of wire rising upward from her tits
 and through her nose ring as she stared cross-eyed at the sight
 of it all. She started to rear back her head to scream. Blinding pain
 hit her nose and the nipples on her upward stretched breasts, simultaneously.

 QUICKLY, LINDA SQUASHED HER ALREADY MASHED CHIN INTO HER CHEST
 AND ATTEMPTED TO TURN HER HEAD SIDEWAYS AND AWAY FROM THE GLARING,
 GLOATING GRIN AND PIERCING EYES OF A VINDICTIVE HILDA! LINDA'S LEFT
 NIPPLE AND BATTERED, UPWARD STRETCHED, LEFT BREAST SHOT RIVERS OF
 PAIN THROUGH HER PUNISHED CHEST AND LINDA STRAIGHTENED HER CHIN, DOCILELY,
 TO A FORWARD AND TIGHT DOWNWARD POSITION WHERE SHE HAD NO CHOICE
 BUT TO VIEW THE SMIRKING HILDA, WITH TWO EXCRUCIATINGLY STRETCHED
 AND TORTURED NIPPLES AS A FOREGROUND "DISPLAY"! LINDA'S NIPPLES!!!

 "Until you learn to obey me, my strung up, fucking, slave, whore, you
 WILL do what I tell you to do and WHEN I tell you to do it!!!",
 hissed Hilda.......MISTRESS Hilda...... back up into Linda's now
 downward staring, wheeping eyes. "You move your fucking, pretty, little,
 stubborn head now, you goddamn, bitch, and you'll tear your nipples
 right off your chest or rip the fucking stainless steel nose ring
 right out of your nose....OR BOTH!!!" "From now on, bitch, you get to
 watch EVERYTHING I DO TO THAT BODY OF YOURS........or walk around
 without a nipple for the rest of your life....DO YOU UNDERSTAND, SLAVE?"

 Linda started to nod her head up and down, beaten and cowering,
 but the pain started to wrack both nipples and she ceased. Laughing
 obscenely, Hilda reached down and thrust a long nailed finger deep
 into Linda's splayed sex hole. Learning, quickly, Linda simply grunted
 and broke out in an ever increasing cold sweat...despite the fact
 that the temperature in the room had to be between ninety and a
 hundred degrees.....at least. The finger probed and twisted
 inside Linda's tortured hole as it curled and raked the tender
 sides of this well used and now, abused, slippery passage. And then the
 intruding finger was unceremoniously removed, rubbing Linda's
 obscenely split and spread sex lips raw and digging a furrowed trench in
 it's enclosed valley as it slide out and upward through the valley,
 past the four sets of stainless steel rings and tore up into and through
 the fleshy "V" that supposedly "protected" Linda's clit, causing screaming,
 blinding, gut wrenching pain to streak downward through Linda's lower belly
 and back up the stretched cheeks of her sweating ass. The wicked,
 long nailed finger stopped at Linda's navel where it punched inward.

 "NOW, MY PRETTY, WE KNOW WHO'S BOSS AROUND HERE, DON'T WE?",
 Hilda said in a low evil voice......and the punching finger withdrew.

 Hilda's eye's were staring upward at Linda's from about two or
 three feet below........glaring at her with an incarnate evil
 Linda had never ever seen in anyone before in her life. She'd
 heard tales about this bitch and her whore taming tricks, but she
 had always discounted them as bullshit.

 "THIS CERTAINLY WAS...NOT......BULLSHIT......THIS EVIL FACE IN
 FRONT OF HER SCREWED DOWN CHIN AND SKEWERED AND STRETCHED TO THE
 FUCKING LIMIT NIPPLES.......GOD NO!...IT WASN'T BULLSHIT!......IT
 WAS SO FUCKING REAL IT WAS ALMOST UNREAL!", Linda had thought
 wearily as she tried to look back docilely and humbly to avoid more pain.

 Linda's fear got the best of her as she let loose a tortured moan and
 pissed all down her legs onto the white gleaming terrazo floor.

 "You little 'chicken shit' whore", Hilda screamed shrilly. "I've barely
 begun and already you're pissin' your pants!" "What pants?",
 Linda remembered having thought......."I'm stark fucking naked
 and strung up like a side of beef, you asshole," she had thought.

 Such thoughts, unbeknown to Linda, would soon be a "thing of the past"!
 Soon the formerly stubborn and defiant Linda would giveand do anything.....
 .....ANYTHING AT ALL!.........to satify MISTRESS HILDA'S smallest
 request..............INSTANTLY!!!

 And the "conditioning process" through which THAT transition was
 accomplished..................COMMENCED SWIFTLY THEREAFTER!......
 ....Linda recalled. A horrifying, unbelieveable "condition process"
 that Linda simply never once dreamed was possible,.........in any
 female............ANYWHERE!.........SHE HAD BEEN SADLY WRONG!

 As she stared down at Hilda....."Mistress Hilda...", Linda saw three
 equally obscene, rubber encased female bodies walk into her field of
 view. Two were stunning knockouts, very tall and EXTREMELY WELL ENDOWED,
 and the other was small boned and small breasted, like Linda. They all
 wore the same wildly obscene rubber body suits; carbon copies of Hilda's.
 Each looked sexy and mean as hell itself, especially the small one; each
 meaner than any man or group of men Linda had ever met, known or even seen
 in her young life..............a fact that was not then obvious, but in
 minutes, would be GOSPEL to beaten, broken and sobbing Linda.

 The four slickly and tightly rubber encased females began to rub their
 hands over Linda's body; all over it.......and it was then, and
 only then, that Linda realized someone had totally oiled her entire
 body as the hands slipped and glided around over her curves as they
 punched, probed, stretched and teased her....everywhere; someone
 had oiled her with perfumed oil that only now reached her senses
 through her downward tensioned nose......"Shalamar!", Linda thought.
 "My favorite perfume!"

 She had once loved that smell......BUT NOT NOW....NO WAY AT ALL! HOW
 SHE HATED IT. THE SMELL OF IT WAS EVERYWHERE THAT NIGHT (or was it
 NIGHT?) and that smell was, today, years later, something that
 made her blood run cold and her tits and pussy ache all at the
 same time. The memory of what had happened to her that night while
 she was coated from head to foot with Shalamar scented oil, the
 remaining pierced portions of her present day body, and the scars on
 both her body and her mind made her shudder and shake, leaning
 back in that chair in the little lounge in a south end shopping center.

 Linda thrust her hand down under her pale blue bikini dancing
 pants and started to play with herself and stroke her sex and
 it's cleft valley between the solid gold rings as she leaned
 back further in the chair and let her mind drift again. "IT'S
 GOING TO HAPPEN TO ME AGAIN!!!", she thought. And as she her mind drifted
 back, her body shuddered and the open bottle of shalamar on the
 dressing table wafted it's scent up to her sensitive
 nostrils....."Oh God, it IS happening again!". And as she stroked
 deeper and more painfully beneath her now stretched pants as her
 right hand worked on her sex and played incessantly with the four
 small solid gold rings in her outer sex lips and her left hand darted
 under the bikini top to pinch and pull her nipple and it's solid gold
 ring, she rose higher and higher in her sexually tormented state
 as the memories flowed back into her mind.

 Back to where it had all begun......strung up helplessly, totally naked,
 spreadeagled on a gleaming large stainless steel ring, her nose
 firmly attached to her stretched hurting breast and their pierced
 nipples and her mouth of her sex beginning to dilate wider and wider as the
 pure sexual torment, and the fear and anticipation of more of it, dulled her
 brain and turned her whores body into a gross sexual plaything for four
 obscenely clothed women who stood in front of her, tormenting her endlessly
 with their searching, probing, and VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE fingers.

 These four knew precisely where to touch her and how; they did
 it with a passion, and with obvious great pleasure to themselves, as
 they whispered back and forth to each other and stared into Linda's
 fearful and now lust glazed eyes. The attentive ministrations of their
 eight knowledgeable hands with their combined FORTY STROKING, CARESSING
 FINGERS GLIDING OVER HER OIL SLICK SKIN and the pain of her pierced, suspended,
 outstretched body, coupled with the sight of her upward stretched
 nipples and their tormenting wire passing through an aboriginal
 ring in her nose, finally had driven Linda into the wildest orgasm
 she had ever experienced up to that time. (Later, during that
 session, and others, she would go even farther and higher, as
 she became more dependent on pain to bring her pleasure.....but
 at that moment, she didn't really understand any of it and in her
 induced and forced, onrushing flight to becoming a TRUE FEMALE SUBMISSIVE
 who glories in being humiliated and sexually punished to obtain
 the highest possible sexual satisfaction........an orgasmic frenzy of
 unreasoning pain and pleasure stirred into one big boiling pot in her burning,
 convulsing sex and her twisted stretched tits........she became
 Linda, the female sexual submissive, and sex slave to any person or
 persons who discovered the key to her downfall and dared to insert
 that key in the right "places" and TURN LINDA "ON".)

 As the orgasm died away, the pain in her tits came screaming back
 like a freight train. SHE HAD BEEN PURPOSEFULLY PULLING UPWARD ON
 HER NIPPLES WITH THE WIRE THROUGH HER NOSE RING UNTIL
 THEY NOW WERE STRETCHED UPWARD TO THE LIMIT AND THE WIRE LOOPS
 WERE BURIED IN THE UNDERSIDE OF HER GROSSLY STRETCHED, PIERCED NIPPLES.

 Linda dropped her chin quickly to her chest and gazed outward and
 upward at the same time. All four women were over at the wall
 full of strange and not so strange devices, talking and fingering
 various items as they pointed and gestured toward Linda.

 One of them, the small one, turned and walked toward Linda with a
 vicious, slippery looking long, many stranded whip in her hand. The
 coal black, fearful looking flogger had at least a dozen rawhide appearing
 strands dangling from it, perhaps three and maybe four feet long. In the
 rubber  encased little bitch's other hand was the mysterious "black box"
 with the buttons.

 Linda heard the "CLICK" and felt her "mounting ring" and prison begin to very
 slowly rotate around it's vertical pinned shafts in the ceiling and the floor.
 Another "CLICK" and it doubled it's rotational speed....and yet another
 and it's speed doubled once again.....until all Linda saw was wall, door,
 wall and then a display of mind numbing, fearful, bondage, discipline,
 and sexual punishment gear; and, of course, the four MASTERFULLY dressed
 bitches and then around came the wall, then the door, then the other wall
 and then the bitches and their fearful backdrop, once again.

 And then.....with little or no warning.....HER "UNUSUAL" FLOGGING BEGAN!

 A swishing sound, a blinding field of pain on her outer right leg and
 then inner right thigh. A quick, slippery tugging retreat of the
 pain inflicting rawhide back out from inside her thigh and
 across her outer leg as the rotating, gimbaled ring freed her,
 very painfully, from those rawhide lashes. Another full rotation,
 and another and no repeat. And then a blinding, searing pain
 around her waist and the same mind bending oily, rasping, rubbing
 retreat.

 As she came around toward her small, rubber encased, sexy, female
 tormentor, the bitch was staring out at Linda's hair cover crotch.....
 and then the ring rotated three hundred and sixty degrees and Linda saw
 the little bitch drawing back the whip so that the multiple lashes were
 dragging backward along the floor to the bitch's side......and another
 three hundred and sixty degrees of rotation and Linda saw, ever
 so plainly, the backward cocked whip, as Linda waited and shuddered in
 fearful anticipation of what would come next. Another complete rotation
 and.........NOTHING HAPPENED.....ANOTHER.......AND ANOTHER! STILL NOTHING!

 And, as Linda started to relax and her body rotated a half turn away from the
 whip wielding, obscenely dressed, small breasted slim woman...BITCH
 MISTRESS!.......the plain ended thongs of the oily whip appeared magically
 and terrifyingly before Linda's disbelieving and horrified eyes, out of
 NOWHERE, sticking out in front of and between Linda's hugely spread
 legs and then slashed and curled swiftly upward from below across her
 underbelly to spread across her shuddering stomach muscles.......and Linda's
 split open and spread wide sex exploded in a wild burst of pure unadulterated
 PAIN.....which screamed upward, following the oily lashes across
 her underbelly and stomach.........and before the original pain
 had even peaked, the sawing terror of the receeding thongs cut her
 pussy...."NO, NOT HER PUSSY!.....HER SEX!!!....HER SEX!...HER SEX!...
 HER S-E-X!!!", her horrified mind corrected.......down the very middle of a
 woman's most sensitive and tender "valley" and most private "parts" the thongs
 slid.......as the they bunched and rolled together and zipped through her
 stretched open sex valley, tormenting the outer lips of her sex, her steaming,
 vibrating, clitoris....(which seemed...NOW....like a giant, very exposed
 cock, protruding vulnerably from her body).............and rubbed the mouth of
 her vagina and her anal opening absolutely raw...........as if there were no
 skin or membrane over any of them.

 Linda went berserk............absolutely.....and completely WILD!

 Her nipples screamed in pain and her nose screamed back at them
 as her eyes flew open and stared with utter horror at the oily black
 thongs as they quickly and slickly slipped back down her belly and between
 her legs; with the pain rising and rising and rising as they slip from
 the field of her stunned vision...............and the bitch with the whip
 came back into view, as the slick whip snaked back across the terrazo onto the
 white gleaming mat and then along side of the little monster's rubber encased
 leg.

 Linda screamed her now unhinged mind away through her ever punishing stainless
 steel mouth ring and her rubber ball gag.........OR, RATHER,....TRIED!!!

 As her downward focused eyes and still numbed and disbelieving mind stared
 in welded ajd meshed concert, downward at her tortured, severly punished
 belly they saw outspread fingers of angry red fire reaching out from her
 burning, tortured, hair covered sex; welted tracks that exactly matched the
 rivers of pain and agony that descended back down those fingers into her
 imagined hugely protruding mini-cock, the outer and inner walls
 of her splayed sex trench and along and ito the very mouth of her sex hole
 itself, then back up to her screaming anus.........and as she stared
 breathlessly at her marred belly and burning, tortured crotch, Linda rotated
 around and around and around.............and the voluptuous bitch
 held the whip horizontal and out to the side with an extended.......
 horizontal.....shoulder high arm...........and then turned her big body
 and drew the arm slowly back toward the wall full of additional
 tormentors and potential punishers......and Linda rotated, once
 more away from her.............and back facing her where she saw
 the small, white breasted, open crotched woman poised in readiness but
 still motionless........and through endless rotational cycles, it
 remained so...........as Linda gazed outward trying to fathom
 what having all those slick rawhide strands around her upstreched
 breasts would do to them.........AND HER MIND!

 As she rotated toward the door end of the room, the black, slick
 strands flew out past her right side just below her armpit and
 sailed around her upstretched breasts with a loud series of oily
 "splats" and her chest literally turned to molten lava as the
 fires of hell itself arrived unannounced...........and then the oily
 strands slid back across their incoming paths, multiplying the pain and
 the fire by a thousand fold as the two "lash trips" met each
 other in her flattened, scorched and screaming breasts and then
 slipped away leaving a series of flaming streaks, crossways
 around her upper sexual appendages..........and Linda came back
 around toward the panting bitch and her whip just in time to see
 it hit the floor and streak upward, right between Linda's grossly splayed
 legs as the pain exploded AGAIN!.....this time from her screaming vaginal
 mouth up across her puckered equally screaming anus and through
 the cheeks of her buttocks to spread across her lower and middle
 back and then slickly and wraspingly be renewed a thousand fold as
 the lashes retreated down the crack of her burning buttocks,
 across her tortured, fire filled anus and the mouth of her
 widespread sex hole and then away once more...................the
 pain in her breast and nipples had barely decreased when the whip
 had hit her that quick second time...............and now, Linda
 burned above and below at the same time.......BUT,...as she came around
 toward the door...................the black snaking fingers of the now
 totally oiled and greased lashes flashed into her stunned sight.....AGAIN....
 ...and streaked straight out from in between her legs before her
 now bulging eyes and thoroughly believing mind......and then swiftly upward
 into her tormented sex valley and on upward to exactly REPEAT that intial
 assault on a place no one whipped on a WOMAN......THEY JUST COULDN'T....
 ....THEY SHOULDN'T.....LINDA'S MIND SCREAMED.....and multiplied the pain
 what seemed like a million fold!!!

 As the slimmy, oily strands hit her underbelly and stomach
 muscles and then started back down on their screaming trip
 through her split, spread sex, Linda's sexual core split wide
 open and the oily strands caressed her upward into a blinding,
 mind numbing orgasm, the likes of which she, in her wildest
 dreams, even as a whore, never would have believed existed!

 THE SEXUAL CONVULSIONS HIT HER EVERYWHERE AT ONCE, NOT JUST IN
 HER TORTURED, REDDENED AND RAW SEX TRENCH............

 AND SHE ACTUALLY FELT THE LIPS OF HER SEX PUCKER BACK AND HER
 VAGINAL MOUTH STRETCH WIDE OPEN TO RECEIVE ITS "LOVER" INTO ITS
 SPASMING EMPTY REACHES...ALL THE WAY UP INTO HER INARDS.................

 And as the huge steal ring rotated around to face the slim whip
 wielding bitch..........IT SLAMMED TO A HALT IN FRONT OF THE BITCH AND THE
 WALL......AND MISTRESS HILDA, THE CONSUMATE BITCH WITH THE BIG BARE WHITE
 BREASTS, STEP INTO LINDA'S TERRAZO "PIT" AND RAMMED A HUGE, THREE
 INCH THICK, ARTIFICIAL COCK UP INTO HER SPASMING VAGINAL MOUTH AND PUSHED IT
 FIRMLY UP THE DRIPPING WALLS INTO LINDA'S INSIDES!...........and then leaned
 over and licked Linda's skewered nipples, one at a time and
 smiled up at her in an obscene, knowing, but really evil way.......a way
 that silently said:

 "YOU'RE MINE.............SLAVE..............ALL MINE!!!....I "OWN" YOU!!!"

 And, indeed, she DID "own" this jerking, orgasming, sobbing and broken
 "slave" whose streaked and pain wracked body now danced in a groaning
 and swaying "mounting ring" as it unsuccessfully tried to tear
 itself loose from its ever stretching prison.......wide eyed and
 snorting in fear and orgasmic crescendo all at once.

 And Linda?................What had Linda actually and voluntarily done after
 the unthought of and unimagined actually happened?

 SHE GRIPPED THE HUGE COCK WITH ALL THE WHORE'S STRENGTH SHE HAD IN
 HER GROSSLY STRETCHED TOTALLY VIOLATED WHORE'S CUNT...........
 AND.......WENT HIGHER AND HIGHER AND HIGHER IN ORGASMIC ABANDON.....
 .............until the room dimmed and faded away with Linda's mind centered
 between her legs as her eyes glazed over and her spasming, jerking body
 literally took over and drove her into unconsciousness and oblivion.

 When she slowly returned to consciousness and some sembalance of
 awareness of her surroundings, she was gazing downward at a pair
 of pale, blue, male eyes looking up from a bearded, tanned face!

 There, framed in front of her angrily red streaked and welted breasts
 and belly was her MALE sexual tormentor. The handsome "inventor" of her now
 obscenely pierced body...........a body that hurt so much........but
 especially in the reaches of her two most treasured and high paying
 sexual attributes........between her legs and mounted on her chest!

 Her nipples were still pierced........but, NOW, with golden rings through
 them,........AND...............her mouth ring and ball gag were
 gone........and she was splayed out as before...........facing
 the door end of the room.............as the tanned savage stepped
 back out of the terrazo floored pit and walked over to her right.......
 and the squeeking sound reached her ears ("a soothing hot bath",
 her mind reasoned,......"aaaaahhhh, how good!", it said) and the warm
 and then hot water misted downward and sprayed upward toward Linda's
 tired, stretched, aching body........

 AND HER ONCE AGAIN TOTALLY DECEIVED AND ERRONEOUS MIND REBELLED IN IT'S
 UNSPOKEN LIE....AND HER MOUTH FLEW OPEN TO ACKNOWLEDGE.......the
 screaming triple agonies in her sex and her two breasts as they
 caught on fire once again.................and Linda looked down at the
 kind face and the gentle smiling pale, blue, sexually exciting, male eyes
 and screamed.....and screamed.... and screamed..........for many many
 long tortured minutes!....... until her voice was so horse she was
 reduced to babbling, sobbing, shuddering gasps and begging and
 pleading whispers..............for what........she had no
 idea.........for the pain to go away, for one.........or the
 total sexually, all encompassing, orgasmic crescendo to return...
 .........it did not matter.............but what she
 felt........NOW!........DID!!! She wanted to escape the pain in
 any way she could...................ANYWAY!........AND TOTALLY!

 The ring rotated backwards and as it did, the blue eyed,
 naked........YES, LINDA SUDDENLY REALIZED.....HE WAS STARK
 NAKED!......handsome hulk stepped over the rising ring and slowly advanced
 toward her rising, screaming, raw sexual valley and core.....and
 as it rose to meet his turgid, rigid outstretched sex organ, Linda
 watched him slip into her aching sexually depleted body and her
 rotating stainless steel captor of a ring halted with his very
 large warm male engine sliding into her burning sex hole as the
 water sprayed upwards and misted downwards to torment her anew!

 At first, Linda felt only pain and an ever burning sensation......and
 then, as he reached up and grasped her golden nipple rings and
 pulled them upward, her mouth of her sex puckered ever inward and began to
 involuntarily contract at its outer rim as Linda felt the orgasmic surge
 coming back like an express train................. she looked downward,
 through her upward stretched nipples in the grasp of the rings and his fingers,
 through his large, hairy, outstretched arms, along the length of her sloping,
 gleaming, spread body at his large, warm male member sliding into her
 depths and whispered in a deep, throaty, sexy voice..........."OH, YES.....
 OH, GOD!.....................OH, PLEASE...............HURT ME.......PLEASE
 PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE.............HURT ME.........

 AND THE FIRE AND PAIN OF THE WATER STRIKING HER RAW SEXUAL ATTRIBUTES,
 HER STRETCHED PAIN RACKED NIPPLES, HER PENETRATED, WARMING, WET
 AND SORE SEXUAL CANAL JOINED FORCES TO BRING HER SCREAMING
 QUICKLY UPWARD TOWARD ANOTHER MIND BOGGLING TOTAL ORGASM..............

 AND HE STEPPED BACK!!!..........RELEASING HER NIPPLE RINGS AND.........
 .........SLIDING OUT OF HER STRETCHED................WHORE'S CUNT!!!

 HE STEP OVER THE RING AND BACK ONTO THE MATTED WHITE GLEAMING
 FLOOR AS SHE SCREAMED ANEW AT HIM TO COME BACK...............

 "PLEASE...............OH GOD!!!................PLEASE FUCK
 ME........HURT ME.............DO ANYTHING YOU WANT WITH ME.......
 BUT DON'T STOP...NOT NOW!!!!!.........PPPLLLEEEAAASSSEEE!!!!"

 THE PALE BLUE EYES STARED BACK AT HER IN THEIR GENTLE, KNOWING
 WAY AS HE OPENED HIS MOUTH AND SAID....."PLEASE 'WHAT',.....LINDA....
 MY LITTLE TORMENTED........SLAVE......'W-H-A-T'?"

 "WHAT IS MY NAME???"

 Without thinking, Linda had screamed back......"I DON'T KNOW YOUR NAME!!!!"

 "PLEASE.............FUCK ME!.........HURT ME!.....I NEED YOU..... PLEASE!!!!
 .................I DON"T KNOW YOUR NAME!!!!"

 HE SMILED AT HER.........AND SAID.........."THINK, SLAVE.........T-H-I-N-K!!!"

 Her mind clicked and she screamed back at him at the top of her voice......
 ....."MASTER!!!......MASTER, PLEASE FUCK ME!........MASTER, PLEASE HURT ME!
 MAKE ME SCREAM AND BEG AND CRY..PLEASE, MASTER!!!!.....PPPLLLEEEAAASSSEEE!!!
 And he stepped slowly back over the downward sloping ring............

                      End of Part 1 Chapter 4




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


             LINDA RETURNS TO THE PRESENT......."ALMOST"!

                         Part 1  -  Chapter 5

 As Linda withdrew her hands from her shaking body, seated before
 the mirror on the small dancers' dressing table, she tried to
 clear her mind of the thoughts of the tortured past and deal with
 her present "situation"........as well as the future.

 But her mind wandered for just an instant to savor that fateful
 introduction to a new sexual life and existence.....as it tried to
 recreate the warm sexual sensations and mind controling legacy of
 expected and hoped for pain that always accompanied it.....with
 the correct partner..............A MASTER!

 Linda took her spread legs off the table top and set them on the
 floor. She glanced down at her wet hand and her stained bikini
 briefs and reached into her dressing bag to get another of her
 many revealing and hand made dancers' outfits.

 She carefully retrieved them, placed them on the table and then stood
 up and stripped the stained pants down her legs to the floor. As
 she stood up to unhook her bikini top she caught a glance of her
 golden, shining four nether rings in the mirror and as the top
 was removed from her breasts she stared at the two shining upper
 rings reflected in the mirror in front of her. Linda shook her
 head a little, shuddered, and threw the pale blue outfit into
 the yawning, spread mouth of her open travel bag.

 Hurriedly, she slipped into her extra black outfit, retrieved a
 brush from her bag and straightened her hair and then pitched the
 brush back into the bag and zipped it shut.

 As she unlocked the dressing room door and came through it, she
 saw B.J. dancing on the stage. B.J. looked at Linda and raised
 two fingers, telling her that this was her second song. Linda
 hurried to the juke box, arriving there as B.J.'s second song
 ended and the third began. Linda pitched the quarters into the
 machine and, from memory, selected three song numbers on the
 lighted numbered and lettered buttons.......then walked back to
 the cash register on the end of the bar by the dressing room door.

 Her deeply tanned, black haired, tall, moustached Italian-American boss,
 John, was ringing up a round of drinks as she approached the register.

 John looked up as Linda said: "Have you given any more thought
 about giving me a loan or an advance, John?"

 "Sure, Linda", John said, looking her straight in the eyes, "We
 can WORK it out." "How much do you need?"

 Linda didn't like the tone of his voice, but replied in a
 whispered, low throaty, deep voice "Eight Hundred and Fifty Bucks.....
 ....I know it's a lot, but the damn bank repoed my Firebird last night....
 ......the bastards hot wired it and drove it away in the middle
 of the night......I had to take a cab to work this afternoon."

 "That's a helluva a lot of money, Linda!", John said after whistling lowly
 and, again, smiling at her. "But, OK......I'll do it and you can
 work it off." "When you get through, we'll discuss it.........AND THE TERMS
 AND CONDITIONS..............YOU'RE UP!" "Hustle it, girl!!!!"

 "THANKS, BOSS!" Linda exclaimed as she came around the end of the
 bar and mounted the stairs to the raised dancing stage in the middle of
 the U-Shaped Bar.

 "Don't thank me, babe.........you got to pay it back.......one
 way or the other!" she heard him say as she hit the raised
 platform with her bare feet, some eight steps above the sunken
 bar's floor.

 The music started and Linda swung into action, glancing into the
 mirror toward the other end of the bar.

 "SHIT!", she thought....."He's gone!". The chair where the
 bearded blue eyed stranger had been seated was now empty. She
 glanced quickly and searchingly around the room, but he was no
 where in sight. She looked back at the empty place at the bar and
 saw that there were no drinks, cigarettes or bar napkins sitting
 there and knew he had left while she was "recovering" in the back
 dressing room.

 She finished her three songs and wandered through the semi-filled
 bar, from table to table, talking to some of the customers she
 knew. The rest of the shift went pretty fast as she sat with one
 customer after another sipping their "gifts" to her, slowly, so she
 wouldn't get plastered to the gills before dinner. She danced
 three more sets before seven o'clock rolled around and the music
 and dancers ceased. Within ten minutes, the place emptied out
 with only about a handful of "regulars" still at the bar.

 Linda was sitting next to one of them when John leaned over on
 both of elbows, hands bracing his tanned face, and said "You got
 a way home, Linda?"

 "Nope", came the answer.

 "Hhhmmmmmmm," came the pondering reply.

 "Wanta work the night shift?"......"I'm short two girls tonight".

 Hell, "why not", Linda thought. "Johnny's home taking care of
 Tammara by now and I need the bucks......besides, it's Friday
 Night and the tips will be great....as usual".

 "SURE!........why not?......I don't have anything better to do", Linda
 told him. "You given my 'request' any more thought".

 "Yah.........let's go get a pizza and talk about it, Ok?" he said.

 As he lifted his elbows up off the bar and walked away, she
 watched his retreating back and thought to herself about the
 tales she'd heard about this big, tanned, black haired, moustached,
 "Italiano" lower middle aged operator. He was alleged to be one
 of the few sworn, blood "brothers" of the local "mafiosa".... a
 fact she could neither confirm nor deny from her personal knowledge
 of him, which was negligible. One thing.......he ran a tight ship
 here in the lounge......never letting anything get out of hand,
 EVER and always checking the register. He also spent a great deal
 of his time talking with his customers and making them feel like
 they belong in the place.........which is probably why this
 little out of the way shopping center lounge was so damn popular.
 The place did a hell of a business...........better that almost
 any place she'd ever worked in before.

 Linda excused herself, thanked her bar companion for the drink,
 and as usual, left three quarters of it sitting there in the
 glass as she walked around the end of the U-Shaped bar and into
 the dressing room to change.

 A little while later, she came back out carrying her travel bag,
 dressed in black slacks and a loose pale blue silk looking blouse
 and wearing a pair of brown sandals. As she came through the
 dressing room door she saw John standing behind cash register
 talking to Jo Ellen, the bartender.

 "I'm ready, boss!" Linda exclaimed.

 "In a minute, Linda..........I gotta check Jo Ellen in first...OK?"

 Linda walked over and around the outside of the bar and headed
 for the door. Once outside, she took a deep breath of the fresh
 spring air and looked out at the blinding sun sitting quite a
 ways above the western horizon. The light blinded her momentarily
 after her almost four hours in the dimly lit lounge, but the air
 felt GREAT as it replaced the stale smokey gunk that passed for
 air inside that place. She walked over and sat on the back bumper
 of John's new Caddy, setting her bag down on the dull asphalt
 parking lot as she did.

 "What she'd really like to do", she thought, "was take a ride out
 to Crooked Creek Lake and Dam, south of town, and sit on a dock
 with her long, slender tanned legs and  pale white feet in the
 still cold spring time water." "But, that'll have to wait for a
 while until she got her Firebird back from the godamn bank."

 She'd still have it if Johnny hadn't have been laid off all
 Winter, and she hadn't been so damn stubborn about going back to
 work dancing. The unemployment money just hadn't been enough to
 cover everything, and despite her desire to stay home and take
 care of her eight year old daughter, Tammara, Linda had finally
 volunteered to go back to work at the only job she knew well....
 DANCING! At first, Johnny wasn't at all happy about the idea of
 her back in the "circuit", but he got over it swiftly as she
 brought one neat looking dancer home after another to "party" and
 perform on their go-go stage at home. Johnny had built it for her
 when she quit the dancing game a couple of years after Tammara
 was born and she'd had her partial hysterectomy....partial
 because they had left her ovaries in along with her cervix. Any-
 way, Johnny was beginning to enjoy her return to dancing.....maybe
 too much, she thought. After six weeks, he was having a ball
 entertaining her dancer friends in their twin, double home in a
 run down but not hopeless section of the south end of town. She
 was pretty sure that he was "making it" with some of them, which
 did not in the least upset her. The two of them had their sort of
 unusual "code of married ethics" they operated by that allowed
 either one to "play around" with whomever they wished, so long as
 it didn't interfere a whole lot with their lives and their daughter.

 As Linda thought about Johnny and their daughter, John walked up
 in front of her.

 "You ready?"

 "Uh Huh,.........Just give me a minute to call home and tell em I
 have to work tonight", Linda replied. She walked over to the pay
 phone on the wall outside the lounge door, made her call and then
 came back and got in the Caddy next to John.

 John took her to "Othello's", a VERY NICE italian restaurant
 about two or three miles away and they had a quiet dinner in one
 of the private dinning rooms, in subdued lighting, all by themselves.
 "Some Pizza", she had thought when it was over and they were
 sipping after dinner cocktails.

 John leaned back in his chair and looked across the table at her.
 "We have to be getting back, Linda......it's eight forty-five!"

 She started to get up and he said....."Sit down a minute and
 let's talk about your 'problem', Linda." "I'm willing to bail
 your car out of hock for you..........providing........that you
 work double shifts...........and, providing that you are willing
 to work 'private parties'.......after hours.....for me?" "You
 willing to do that, Linda?"

 The prospect of having her Firebird back, substantially paid off,
 made her happy, but this was going to be a lot of work.....and it
 would keep her away from home from 3:00 or 3:30 in the afternoon
 until 2:45 or 3:00AM in the morning six days a week. That's
 didn't count the time involved in the 'Private Party' thing,
 either. She wasn't going to get a hell of a lot of nighttime
 sleep if she took this deal, she could see that.

 She looked at John and said "I think I can do that.....I'll have
 to work it out with Johnny and Tammara but I think it'll work."

 "Before you give me a definite 'YES', Linda, I want you to know
 that my 'Private Parties" are pretty 'rough'..........you'll have
 to dance nude............AND.....UHHH.......you're going to have to
 dig out your 'old tricks and talents' and 'entertain' my friends
 in between dancing sets." "Is that OK with you?"

 Shaking a little, having ignored, originally, his reference to
 'Private Parties', she was now having to deal with the subject
 directly....since he had now made it VERY clear what he expected
 from her. She thought about it and then asked....."Entertain them
 HOW?, John.........What do you want me to do?........Specifically?"

 "Bluntly?......Dance naked, play with yourself in front of them
 on the stage and then go down and play with THEM.......any way
 they want you to and for as long as they want you to.......until
 four thirty or five in the morning....maybe longer......but just
 on Saturday Nights....Sunday Mornings," he replied almost non-shalantly
 and with virtually no expression on his face or in his eyes.

 "The first "private party".... a very SPECIAL ONE........for some
 of my 'BUSINESS PARTNERS'.........is.......TONIGHT", he stated....."if
 you want the money, you have to start tonight, Linda!"

 And,...having put the cards on the table for her to play with and
 choose from, he got up and started for the door without another
 word said between them.

 Linda was silent all the way back to the Lounge, all during her
 first set and even during the time in between the first and the
 second sets. She thought about John's 'proposition' the whole
 time and honestly couldn't see any way in the world she could
 turn him down. She'd asked him for the money. She was the one who
 had started the whole thing, not him. Now, she reckoned, she was
 either going to have to shit or get off the damn pot......PERIOD.

 Three years ago, she'd run away from "home" (and Johnny,
 especially) and had earned her living hooking her way across the
 country from coast to coast. She'd been gone over a year and had,
 quite honestly, enjoyed the freedom for the first eight months
 until she got wrapped up with her 'problem,' again, down in San
 Diego, California, after which her mind hadn't been either free
 or made many reasonable decisions in her behalf.......but her
 crazy assed body sure had. She shook her head and cleared those
 memories from her mind. "That was ANOTHER story," she thought...
 and though not one she particularly wanted to forget all the
 time, she had no time for it now.....to be sure.

 She sat in the back corner booth thinking about whether she was
 going to "go the rest of the way" with John and stick around
 after she quit dancing at 2:00AM and join the "PARTY".

 During the course of the rest of the evening, Linda had pondered
 John's "offer" but he hadn't pressed her for an answer and she
 hadn't volunteered one, either.

 2:00AM rolled around pretty fast and the other two dancers
 started to pack it up to leave. Linda had parked herself in the
 back booth, again.........still...........and was now finishing
 her third or fourth J&B on the rocks. She made no move to get up
 and go get dressed, but just sat there and drank and stared down
 at the table.

 Finally, at about 2:45AM when John had chased all the patrons out
 of the lounge and locked the door and Jo Ellen had rung out and
 was restocking the beer coolers behind the bar, John walked over
 and sat down in the booth across from her.

 "It's no big deal, Linda........really it isn't", he said softly.
 "I presume, since you're still here, we've got ourselves a 'deal', babe?"

 She looked up at him from between her hand outlined face, propped
 on her elbows over her J.B..............a little glassy eyed and
 fairly well resigned.........and blurted........."I'm still here,
 aren't I?" "What the hell do YOU think, John?"

 "Hey!............Don't get pissed at me, sweetie!.........I'm not
 FORCING you to do anything...........nothin at all!.......CORRECT?"

 He was right.............it was her problem and her
 decision......he hadn't pressed her about it the whole night.
 Just waited. Frankly, she appreciated THAT more than she was
 willing to tell him........but she had a sneaking suspicion he
 already knew it and had simply been letting her work it out within
 herself until she had come to a rational decision........."RATIONAL
 DECISION, MY ASS," she thought. "Stripping nude, dancing nude and
 very obscenely in front of a bunch of Italiano types and then
 fucking and sucking them to their big black little hearts'
 content was NOT A RATIONAL DECISION......NO FUCKING WAY WAS IT 'RATIONAL'
 or even REASONABLE, for that matter!"

 "She stared across the table at him and said....."I'm sorry,
 John. It's just been a while since I consented to this sort of shit.
 Really, it has..........but, it's OK....I'll do it."

 "OK, Linda.......just stay put.........have another drink or two......
 ........and RELAX..............just put your feet up and take it easy!"
 "Jo Ellen!!!" "Get Linda another double J&B on the rocks, will ya?"

 He got up from the booth and walked back through the hallway past
 the restrooms to the back door. Linda heard him unlock it and
 prop it part way open and then felt the cool, fresh night air on
 her left shoulder as a gentle breeze slipped past her in the
 booth by the hallway.

 About 3:15, with only herself and John in the place, Linda heard
 a pair of shoes coming down the back hallway, followed by a "Hey,
 GUMMBAHHH, how'sa the tricks?" She recognized the voice. It was Pasqual,
 the little, bald owner of the Quality Inn,........her buddy and a
 "nice guy", Linda recalled.

 "Hi, Linda!..................."how ya been?"

 She didn't answer him, but took another deep swallow of cool,
 numbing J&B........"Shit", she thought, "this is going to be a
 bitch if all these guys are regular customers like him!" "I'll
 never be able to look em in the eye again!" She shook her sand
 brown hair out and thought: "What the fuck!" "I've been 'here'
 before and I'll no doubt, be 'here' again.........it ain't no big
 fuckin' deal makin' your money on your knees and your back!" "Get
 your shit together, you dumb fuckin' bitch", she admonished her
 ever numbing mind.

 "Hi, 'friend'...........how's the motel business these days?"
 Linda querried Pasqual.

 "Ahhhhh, SO, SO," he exclaimed with a fingers extended and a 180 degree
 rotation of the hand palm down to palm up and back again several
 times in quick succession. "How's by you, Linda? Life treatin'
 you right these days?"

 She gave him the same hand gesture back. He nodded and walked
 over to John who had come around the bar........put his arms
 around John............and pounded him on the back with his hands.
 Linda could hear them whispering to each other, but she couldn't
 make out the words at all..........as she heard more feet coming
 down the back hallway at the same time. She picked up her glass
 and took another big swallow of melted ice dilluted, straight, top
 shelf J.B. and then eyeballed the arriving entourage as they
 walked into the room and over to repeat the embracing bit with John.

 Finally, when they'd all 'done their thing' and virtually all of
 them had turned around at one time or another to stare over at
 her crouched in the back corner of her protecting booth, John
 walked over past her and down the back hallway. She heard him
 slam the door and lock it.

 His feet padded back up the hallway and stopped alongside her
 booth and private hiding place for the last hour or hour and half.

 "OK, Kid............let's get the 'Show' on the road!" "You need
 another drink?"

 Linda nodded sheepishly, tears streaming from her eyes as she
 looked up at him.

 In a very low, throaty whisper, he smiled back down at her and said
 "relax, Linda.............RELAX.............you're one damn sexy
 lady and you've got a lot of dancing talent.............from what
 I've seen of your 'moves' and the way you work 'our' customers,
 this'll be a cinch for you.........just choose your songs to
 tell part of your 'act' and then give em hell, woman!" "YOU CAN
 DO IT,.........I KNOW YOU CAN!" "Let's go!"

 Linda looked back at him through glassy half drunken eyes and slid
 out of her 'hiding place', then walked over to the juke box and
 took one of the pile of quarters off the top of the machine. She
 punched a number, plugged another quarter, punched another, and
 on and on until she had about twenty songs loaded. Then she
 walked between the leg of the bar and the wall, away from the
 machine and turned left into the dressing room. She shut and
 locked the door and then stripped her black dancing suit off and
 stared at her five foot seven slim body in the mirror on the
 dressing table. The gold rings glistened back at her. "Oh,
 Goddamn it," she thought, "those things have got to come off or
 I'll never hear the end of it from these guys!"

 She carefully reached down between her legs and grasped each
 ring, one at a time, between two fingers of each hand and snapped
 them open, rotated them until the open portion had slipped
 through her lips, and then set them, one at a time, on a kleenex
 on the dressing table. She repeated the process with the gold
 nipple rings, which were about twice the size of the "pussy"
 rings as her errant husband refered to them all the time.
 After placing the remaining two gold rings on the kleenex, she
 gentlely and carefully folded the tissue around them and reached
 down and placed the precious package in the very bottom of her
 travel bag.

 As her hand came up from the bottom of the bag, she grasped her
 makeup kit and lifted it out and onto the table, opening it and
 setting some of it's contents out on the table. She sat down in
 front of the mirror and started to make up her tear streaked, but
 now dry face. She tinted her cheeks to a blushing shade, shadowed
 her eyes in a deep bluish black sunken, but sexy look, lengthened
 her eyebrows and filled them out wider and wider and then painted
 her lips into a perfect 'cupids bow' form with a florescent
 scarlet orange lip shade with her lip brush.

 She ovaled her lips into a cock sized "O" and put the finishing
 touchs on them so that they framed the deep, soon not to be
 empty, ovaled cirlce that led into her open mouth.

 Then she went to work on her nipples and breasts and when she was
 done, they also, stared back from the mirror at her in sexy, sensuous
 splendor and flesh tone tints ranging from the color of her white
 skin through the color of her tanned belly to a very scarlet
 orange florescent color on the nipples.

 She stood up in front of the mirror and shaded the scar in on her
 underbelly.........the one from her operation......and blotted out the
 stretch lines on the sides of her lower midrif.

 Satisfied, she put her foot up on the far outside of the dressing
 table and cranked her remaining foot, on the floor, outward toward
 the other end of the table. With one hand, she reached down and
 spread the now opening lips of her sex and, with the other hand,
 picked up her makeup and started to tint her hair surrounded lips
 in varying shades and colors of the body, enhancing the natural
 color and adding the same flourescent tones and quality to the
 portalled entrance to her womanhood. When she was finished with
 her handiwork, she laid the makeup down carefully on the dressing
 table, and without closing her spread legs, reached under the
 dressing table and flipped a small switch at it's under edge.

 The overhead lights in the dressing room went off, as did the
 makeup lights surrounding the large dressing table mirror, and in
 their place the familiar "black light" glow of ultra-violet light
 shimmered outward from the edges of the now dimmed mirror into
 the darkened room.

 As Linda gazed, numbly, into the mirror, it relected back a
 glowing, sex filled image of four distinct portions of her now
 thirty year old, slim, five foot seven inch womanly body......
 ...............she ovaled her lips and spread her legs wider as
 she examined her "artwork" with satisfaction. There, before her
 glazed eyes was a three level, four position image of the female
 organs and mouth of the soon to be "dancer in the nude" for
 John's "Business Associates". The image was such that a viewing
 male would see first and foremost, the sex, breasts and mouth of
 their "entertainer" of the evening, and perhaps, they never would
 really see much else, under the black lighted Go-Go Stage Lights
 and darkened lounge. Linda hoped so........she really and truly
 hoped and prayed that they saw ONLY those parts of her she had
 highlighted in glowing "black light makeup" so that she could
 hide the rest from them until her "performance" was over and she
 was out of the place.

 Satisfied, she reached down and snapped off the "black lights"
 and then set her right foot back on the floor and started out of
 the room. As she came out of the door, John greeted her with
 another glass of J&B on the rocks which she set aside on the cash
 register as she picked up the little palm held stage lighting
 control box, and stepped down into the sunken bar area floor and
 then mounted the eight steps to the platform top and turned her
 back on her "audience", the now relaxed white cheeks of her
 behind gleaming out at them in the regular stage floodlights. She
 looked at herself in the mirror that covered the back of the
 stage area, and, with her finger on her right hand, thumbed the
 'house lights' dimmer knob in a slow circle to kill all the
 lights in the room but the lights on her stage.

 She picked up the beat and the rhythm to the song playing in the
 background and began to rotate her hips in a circle and move her
 feet in perfect timing to music's base beat. As she picked up the
 movement of her body in time to the song she began slowly
 to turn toward the men seated along the U-Shaped bar and smiled
 at each and everyone one of them as she made a full rotation back
 toward the mirror. They applauded, enthusiastically, and she went
 on throught the number making a concerted effort to keep her legs
 fairly well closed throught the entire number.

 As the music faded away from her first danced song, she turned
 back toward the mirror and hit the "kill switch" for the stage
 lights on the box in her right hand. The light died quickly
 leaving the room pitch black and Linda moved swiftly to take her
 "opening position" (chuckling to herself about the obvious pun as
 she did).

 It was silent in the room, dead quiet,........with only Linda's
 slightly labored breathing audible when the next song started, a
 tune that began with the crescendo music from the famous sound
 track of "2001 - A SPACE ODDESSY"...........

 The music rose in both volume and instrumental focus and pitch toward
 it's volumetric and rhythmic "climax"...........and as it approached the
 crescendo'ed effect she had played it for,......she screwed the
 little light intensity knob on the box in her hand down until it
 was in the off position and pushed the little 'black light' button.

 Her audience saw nothing in the midst of the 2001 uproar and then
 as the music built toward it's climaxing crescendo and the lead up
 to it, what they saw, or started to see, brought audible hisses
 of inward passing breath from the male mouths to Linda's ears.......

 For......there.......in front of them........on the raised
 platform......was a perfect pair of female nether lips outlining
 a female's sex canal in decreasing shades of intensity as the eye
 viewed inward toward the black, spread, opening of her deepest sex
 and seat of pleasure and passion..................

 and above and behind the display stood two glowing peaks, the
 pierced but ringless breasts of the erotic dancer spread before
 them on her back, arched up on her head, feet flat on the floor
 and knees bent at ninety degrees so that her straining back
 arched above the platform and her wide spread legs provided a
 darkened and unhighlighted set of very dim fleshy arrows pointing at the
 erotic display before their eyes.

 The hissing intake of breath increased and then stopped as the
 scene before them, slowly, and surely, penetrated their alcohol
 dulled minds................and Linda, slowly and diliberately,
 cranked the blacklight knob toward it's maximum and then let the
 little control box slide from her right hand onto the platform
 and reached over her legs with both hands and spread back her sex
 lips and began to rotate her crotch in a sexy, erotic and
 maddening circle, carefully imitating the motions of a female's
 movements in the throes of sexual intercourse and total sexual abandon.

 The silence broke..........INTO A CRESCENDO OF CLAPPING AND
 WHOOPING MALE VOICES AS LINDA RAISED HER PHANTOM LOVER HIGHER
 AND HIGHER TO ORGASMIC COMPLETION....................and Linda's
 long years of training as a paid 'performer' of sexual favors
 took over completely and totally...............as she made this
 "Linda's Night", NOT THEIRS!

                      End  Part 1  - Chapter 5




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


  DANCING (& OTHER THINGS) IN THE (ALMOST!) DARK FOR THE BOSS' "ASSOCIATES"

                            Part 1 - Chapter 6

 The attributes of the ever talented "Lady", Linda, shown brightly
 before the cheering males as she made passionate and extremely
 precise "love" to the phantom male lover above her arched, spread
 body with her glowing every move clearly visible in purposeful florescent
 highlighting, so carefully applied minutes before in the now dark
 dressing room.

 As John stared in utter disbelief at the show going on before his
 amazed and wide open eyes, he thought to himself...."I'll be goddamned!"
 "In all my forty-two years I've NEVER seen anything like
 this.......and I doubt that I ever will again.......if I lose this
 one.....HOLY SHIT!"

 A fragile feminine hand left its sex spreading task to retrieve
 the tiny light control box as the music came to a close and then the
 lights died away into darkness, just as they had begun some
 breath taking minutes before.............it seemed like hours to
 the panting males seated around the bar, all of whom were now
 moved around and scrunched in tight at the bottom center of the
 U-shaped bar and not spread around the U's legs as before......for
 reasons any live male didn't have to explain to anyone,..........EVER!

 In the dark, Linda dropped to her back on the platform and got up
 onto her bare feet and walked forward until her toes were curled
 over the edge of the carpeted, padded dancing platform. She slid
 her feet outward until they're outer edges simultaneously touched
 the cool vertical rise of the platform's two, front corner, stainless
 steel poles anchored firmly to the floor and the ceiling with heavy
 stainless steel screw-in fixtures and five large bolts in each.

 As she reached upward to grasp the poles with her outstretched hands
 she cranked the platform light dimmer rheostat to its maximum full
 on position and punched the regular platform lights button on as she let
 the little box fall and grasped the poles as high as she could, with her hands,
 standing on tip-toes up against the poles.

 The lights flashed back on to illuminate a spread-eagled, smiling
 Linda looking down at the now bunched together male, recently 'converted',
 voyeurs.........................a tanned and white stripped naked
 female body that bore no physical resembalance to the incredible sight
 that had gone just before..............a "normal" female frame,
 naked, slight of build with what appeared to be all the normal female
 attributes which were VERY OPENLY displayed for all to see.

 It took several seconds for her "audience" to react, but......REACT....
 .....THEY MOST CERTAINLY.............DID!!! With wild cheering
 abandon! Clapping and hooting and whooping and whistling like a
 bunch of baseball fan's after a grand slam home run by their
 favorite slugger.

 Linda smiled down at them and said, quietly, as the noise died away.....
 "somebody get my drink over on the register...........and how
 about a cigarette,..........guys?" (With "guys" being strung out
 in a long sexy whispered way that induced.........well, the best
 way to describe it is..........pandemonium...........every set of
 male feet in the place made a mad dash to get around the bottom
 end of the U-Shaped bar to reach the cash register FIRST....and
 oblige the "Lady".............PERSONALLY!!!!)

 It was an absolute riot of scrambling arms and legs as someone
 came up with Linda's J&B on the rocks and another thrust a
 cigarette up to her from behind the bar in front of the platform.
 Linda let go of the poles, bent over so her pert, not too large
 breasts with their orangish red tinted nipples hung down in front
 of the eyes of her cigarette profering "benefactor" and opened
 her lips slowly to grasp the cigarette between them. A cigarette
 lighter magically appeared from her left to ignite the long white
 stick and her J&B on the rocks slid into view from the right and
 into her outstretched right hand. She grasped the drink firmly,
 stood up and raised it to her thirsty lips as her left hand
 extracated the glowing cigarette and her lungs exhaled the smoke
 in a billowing upward cloud.

 She took a deep swallow of the cooling, mind numbing brew, ever
 mindful of her still spread legged position and the examining,
 searching eyes of the entourage below and in front of her, plastered
 together between the bar and the platform.

 She looked down kindly,...and with a smile,...whispered huskily in
 her deepest, sexiest voice,......."IT'S OK TO....'TOUCH'.......GUYS,
 BUT PLEASE BE 'GENTLE".............I'M SORT OF 'WORKED UP', 'DOWN THERE',
 RIGHT NOW, ..................!!!"

 And, indeed, she was,...as the lips of her spread sex glistened with
 moisture and pulsated before their upturned eyes.........and the
 mouth of her as yet unfulfilled sex hole lay open and spread with
 its deep recesses capturing all the incoming light and leaving a
 dark black void for each sweating, panting male to behold in full.

 A tentative hand reached it's large fingers up and patted her
 inner, sweating thigh, and then rubbed up and down it's length as
 another large male hand did likewise with the other tanned thigh,
 beginning at the white untanned juncture of the two tanned
 stiffened columns of supporting female flesh........VERY VERY 'FEMALE'
 FLESH...........as all could PLAINLY behold.......and DID!

 Linda, took another deep swallow of the iced JB, emptied the
 glass and extended it downward and off in front of her to the left
 where a waiting male hand received it and a male voice asked.....
 ....."another?"........"No, thank you", she replied, extending
 the cigarette in her right hand up to her lips and inhaling
 deeply, then extending it down in front and to the right of her
 where John removed it carefully from her fingers.

 Linda reached up to the poles with her hands and gripped them
 tightly, just as a second male hand closed around the outside of
 each of her upper legs, opposite the two hands inside her thighs
 and lifted her up off her extended feet, ever so slightly. When
 her feet cleared the platform, they swung her legs and spread sex
 forward about six or eight inches and started to lower her slowly
 downward toward the waiting lips of her "friend" Pasqual, who was
 concentrating heavily upon the task about to be visited upon him
 and readying himself to give proper attention to Linda's too long
 neglected, not yet fully stimulated nether sexual favors.

 The leg securing hands lowered her ever so gentlely onto the
 waiting mouth and Linda felt a warm, wet, broad male tongue
 traverse her soft inner sex lips, quivering vaginal cavity and
 stop at her not yet touched sensitive upper "V" and its
 ever present "passion seat".................and then the educated
 tongue circled the target and swished firmly back and forth and
 up and down over it, hurrying to make up for lost time, or so it seemed.

 Linda was gradually letting the now tightly clenched cheeks of
 her lightly padded behind settle toward the floor by letting her
 pole gripping hands loosen, ever so slightly, and slide down the
 twin, spread poles. When her behind touched the floor of the
 platform, she let go of the poles and lean backward, slowly letting
 her self down until she was laying on her back on the platform,
 knees bent over the front edge, widely spread, with Pasqual still
 attending to her now well laved and somewhat excited sexual slit.

 "Come on, Guys, don't be bashful!" she snorted, huskily, "I've
 still got two hands and mouth left up here!"

 Three naked male bodies swung up onto the stage to oblige her,
 and within moments, Linda was stroking the rigid extended members
 of two kneeling males, and laving the advancing organ of a third
 male crouched on all fours over her reclined body.

 And so it went through the rest of the night as John's "Business
 Associates" took turns being stroked, licked, sucked, sucking,
 and ultimately fucking, in alternating "holes", a tipsy Linda who
 had reached the point of really not giving a damn and who had
 long since lost any inhibitions and regrets she might have had
 earlier about doing a "Private Show" for John, her Boss. They
 worked on her until the sun came up outside, stroking, licking,
 fucking and fondling the talented, sexy Linda to what they
 thought was orgasm after orgasm. But as drunk as she was, Linda
 never hit that first even low orgasmic peak, though she faked it
 beautifully with her ex-whore's knowledge of lower body muscle
 control, tightening and loosening her inner muscles and
 multiplying the effect with lower belly, inner thigh and posterior
 complimenting muscle contractions and relaxations and her moans.

 Once, during the session, someone grabbed her two nipples between
 their fingers and started to pull upward and press the fingers
 together simultaneously, but Linda spit out the member in her
 mouth, dropped the almost climaxing members from her hands and
 slapped the offending fingers away with a firm admonition that
 THAT was not to be repeated, PERIOD........and then got back to
 BUSINESS. After that, they stuck to licking them and Linda
 "serviced" the entourage in true exhooker style.

 A soddened, well used and very drunk Linda managed to get dressed
 and John drove her home in the Caddy. She staggered through the
 front door and sprawled on the couch, where she promptly passed
 into an alcohol assisted, deep dreamless sleep. Some time just
 before lunch, Tammara woke her up and she made lunch for her
 beloved eight year old daughter and then pulled herself up the
 stairs, hand over hand and slipped into the bed. At 6:00PM Linda
 crawled out of the bed and while fending off a "twenty-questions"
 siege from Johnny, she showered and got ready to go back to the
 lounge for another night's "work", regular and otherwise.

 Saturday Night didn't go quit so "well", partly because she was
 tired and hung over and principally because the "Private Party"
 turned into a "Zoo" with that bitch B.J. staying to help out in
 servicing and entertaining the participants. B.J. got into
 Linda's act heavily and attempted to "make it" with her as part
 of the impromptu "act". Linda went along, part way, until the
 little bitch started hurting her, purposefully, at which point B.J.
 learned a very valuable and never to be forgotten lesson about
 the seeming docile and friendly Linda.

 The black and blue marks still showed on B.J. when Linda walked
 into the lounge to go to work at 8:45 Monday night, almost two
 days later!

 Linda, after almost two days of unholy crap from Johnny about her
 two after sunrise arrivals home, and four hundred and sixty bucks
 richer (John paid her $260 in cash Saturday morning and $200 in
 cash Sunday morning, though Linda thought it should have been
 vice-a-versa).........after the nearly two days to think about
 the remaining $400 and how she had to earn it the coming weekend,
 she walked fearfully back into the lounge to do her regular Monday
 Night dance shift from 9:00PM to 2:00AM.

 B.J. was, of course, surly as hell toward her, bitch that she
 was.... but John seemed quite normal and "ho-hum" about the
 whole thing.........almost cavalier, in fact. After a few words
 with him at the cash register, Linda was about to turn and head
 into the dressing room when she spotted the now familiar slightly
 bald headed, blue eyed, bearded face over the top of the stage
 platform in the same seat he'd occuppied on Friday Night........
 .........and a shiver went up and down her tired frame.

 She hurried through dressing and making up and then came out and
 plugged three quarters into the box and zipped up onto the stage,
 about five minutes before the offical 9:00PM start for the dancers.
 Her first song, "You Light Up My Life", was done with only one
 person in mind and she made sure HE knew it. Their eyes never
 left each other in the platform's back mirror except for brief
 moments when Linda "kept it honest" to satisfy John and the rest
 of the gaping customers. The second and third songs were songs
 that had key words in them............words like "submission" and
 "slave" and "bondage" and having a "master".....well hidden in
 the lyrics, but.......THERE. As the "key words" came up in the
 songs, Linda made sure her hands and arms did the correct things,....
 fleetingly, but "correct",........and that her eyes, whenever she
 performed the "correct" amplifying gestures to the words, looked
 downward and downcast from HIS as the gesture was carefully delivered.

 And each time, when she looked back up, he nodded ever so
 slightly and smiled just a little.........and Linda's insides
 crawled with anticipation and expectation as her sexual boiling
 point started to rise and her body started to react to a new
 "find" of emmense importance to her.

 When her last song ended, she came down off the platform and
 walked slowly out from the bar area around the cash register and
 slowly made a socializing trip along the length of the bar,
 stopping to talk to each customer she reached, patting him on the
 shoulder when she was done talking and going on to the next until,
 after some eight or ten minutes, she had worked her way around to
 the last two seats at the other end of the bar's U-Shape opposite
 the cash register end.

 She placed her hand on the empty chair, and looking down into the
 upturned eyes and face of the object of her dancing, "mind if I
 sit down here?"

 "By all means, please do.................I saved it for you."
 came the gentle but deep male voice's reply.

 As she sat down, she saw a glass sitting on a bar napkin in
 front of her, and said......"Oh, I'm sorry........Am I sitting in
 someone else's seat?"

 He looked at her, smiled with those pale blue, kindly eyes, and
 shook his head ever so slightly in the negative.

 "I'm Linda."

 "I Know."

 "Who are you?"

 "A 'friend'........a 'special' friend."

 "Special, 'HOW'?"

 "In a way only YOU will appreciate, Linda..............because I
 understand you..........and I speak YOUR 'language'."

 Linda gazed into his eyes and started to reply but thought
 better of it.........at least for the moment.......and let the
 opportunity pass.

 She picked the glass up off the bar and lifted it to her lips,
 never taking her eyes off his. As she tilted the glass forward to
 pour the cool J&B over her lips and down her throat, she opened
 her lips and ran her tongue along the inside rim of the glass
 while staring him straight in the eyes..............and then set
 the glass back on the bar, again, without breaking eye contact.
 She reached into her small cigarette case she had laid on the bar
 and extracted a cigarette, placed it between her lips and
 started to reach for her lighter when a large hand appeared in
 front of her with a flaming lighter. She reached up and placed
 her right hand over his, curling her fingers into his palm where
 she touched him ever so gentlely and allowed her fingers to move
 ever so slightly in the sensitive palm as she and he guided the
 lighter to her cigarette. She was so engrossed in what she was
 doing she almost forgot to take a drag on the cigarette before
 the end of it burned up in the flame.

 And, all the while, two pairs of very expressive, highly
 'interested' eyes made a kind of silent introduction to each
 other at very very close range. Linda's body shuddered a little,
 part way through the engagement, and she felt her sexual "temperature" rising.

 She set his hand back down in his lap after the cigarette was lit
 and tipped her head back to blow a plume of smoke toward the
 ceiling, STILL NOT LETTING HER EYES LEAVE HIS, and then lowered
 her head back down and waited, still locked in his gaze.

 "I'm called Paul by most people, but to a very few, I have
 another name that preceeds that one, Linda.........a VERY VERY VERY
 FEW!", he said in a low husky voice.

 "I see"..........replied Linda........"and do you mind if I call
 you 'Paul',.............Paul?"

 "Linda,........for now, let's not worry about names..........BUT, YES,
 ...........I THINK............EVENTUALLY............YOU.......MORE THAN
 I WILL BE MORE CONCERNED ABOUT 'WHAT' I AM CALLED AND WHEN.........but,
 as I said.........it doesn't matter right now."........"DOES IT?"

 She looked into his eyes and answered him without saying a word
 and he said........."I knew you'd understand me." And she nodded
 ever so slightly to make doubly sure he knew she was 'on board'.

 Eventually, they did get around to talking a little and she found
 out he was married, had two kids, owned his own business and came
 in the lounge, 'occassionally', after he left work, to unwind.

 Linda acknowledged that she was married and had an eight year old
 daughter and that she was dancing to try and get the family back
 on their financial feet while her husband started back to work
 after a long Winter of being Laid Off in the construction
 industry as a structural ironworker. She told him Johnny was
 working on the ICIC Building downtown bossing a raising gang.
 About that time, John walked up to her, bent over, whispered in her
 ear, and then turned around and walked away. As he left, she was visibly
 shaking and her bottom lip had curled back under where she was not too
 gently chewing on it as tears appeared in each of the corners of her eyes.

 "Problems, Linda?" came a gentle non-prodding question at a very
 low and subdued level, from the owner of the pale blue eyes next
 to her.

 She couldn't handle it any longer and said, "excuse me a minute,
 I'll be back..............", and emphasized it by saying......."PLEASE
 DON'T LEAVE WHILE I'M GONE........THIS TIME...........PLEASE????"

 He didn't say a word. All he did was look into her rising eyes
 and pick up her cigarettes and lighter and put them in her hand
 after which he squeezed her hand with both of his and ran the
 tips of his fingers along the edge of her hand, all below the bar
 level where no one could see it done. Linda turned and walked away.

 Linda hurried around the bar and past the cash register into the
 dressing room, closing and locking the door behind her. She sank
 into the chair and stared at the mirror, tears, still in the
 corners of her eyes. John had told her, when he had leaned over
 and whispered in her ear, that she was "on" for this coming Friday and
 Saturday Night..........the whole way "on"...........$200 per night
 and had intimated that she'd earn every bit of it. It had hit her
 like a ton of bricks, because suddenly, she'd had enough of the
 'Private Show' scene if not, in fact, this goddamn dancing gig.

 But she could not, for the life of her, think of any good way out
 of her "deal" with John. She still didn't have her car and there
 was no other way she'd get it back in time because the bank had
 called this morning and told her she either paid by a week from
 today, in full, or they would auction off her Firebird the next day,
 Tuesday, a week from tomorrow.

 Linda, got up and walked to the door, unlocked it and stepped out
 and told John she was feeling kinda sick and wanted to skip a set
 or two while she tried to take some asprin and laid down on the
 couch in the dressing room. Did he mind? He smiled at her and
 made some reference about long hours and hangovers two nights in
 a row and said it was OK because they still had four dancers working.

 She spun around and went back in the dressing room, locking the
 door behind her. As she had been talking to John she'd looked
 across the stage and her blue eyed bearded 'friend' was still
 there. In fact, he'd smiled at her, ever so slightly.

 She started to sit down in the dressing table chair but
 hesitated, then bent down and reached into the bottom of her
 travel bag and retrieved the little Kleenex Wrapped Package she'd
 placed there so carefully early Saturday Morning before her
 "Grand Entrance" at the first "Private Party" for John. She set
 it on the table and then stripped her top and her pants off
 quickly and sat down in the chair.

 With shaking hands, she unwrapped the package and carefully
 retrieved the four small and two larger solid gold rings,
 inserting them, one at a time, carefully, in their intended and
 rightful places in the nipples of her now stimulated breasts and
 the lips of her now wet sex. That done, she got back up, put her
 outfit back on and went over and laid down on the long
 comfortable couch on the opposite wall.

 As she closed her eyes, she thought about her waiting, "stood up",
 blue eyed, bearded VERY SPECIAL (she hoped, God how she hoped and prayed
 he was THAT kind of VERY SPECIAL) friend outside at the bar and
 she silently urged him to stay...........as if he could read her mind.
 And then her mind drifted back to another blue eyed, bearded
 special male.............her first MASTER.............back in the
 black walled room with the mirrored ceiling and the white padded floor
 and her "reality of the rings" (turned present day fantasy returned) as
 she once more saw the huge erect organ of the large well built
 blue eyed, bearded user and piercer of her twenty year old body
 approaching her pulsating vaginal mouth and split sex as her body
 screamed in the hot water mist and spray bath that renewed her
 whip streaked body's pain and her mouth begged and pleaded for
 him to..........."FUCK ME, MASTER!"..............."HURT ME, MASTER?"
 "PLEASE HURRY....................PPPLLLEEEAAASSSEEE!!!!!!"

 And he had............as he obliged her pleadings and beggings
 by grasping her just recently ringed nipples and squeezing them
 between his fingers as he twisted them outward and lifted upward
 on them while slamming his rigid member into her so deep and so
 hard that her hands momentarily went slack above her and her feet
 and pointed toes screamed with pain in their wet leather, tightly
 bound laced up restraining covers..............and the huge stainless
 steel ring creaked with the strain.

 And as he pounded into her and almost lifted her by her tortured
 nipples, she had once more screamed to an orgasmic extravaganza
 of pain and pleasure in her mist covered realm of leather, steel
 and male domination..............and then slipped slowly into
 unconscious, mindless, oblivion, once more.

 Her mind sped back eagerly to grasp and recall the EXACT sequence
 of events that followed...............and as it locked onto the
 'vision' she saw herself hanging upside down in the overhead
 mirror, her head unrestrained and raised up onto her chest
 looking upward at her spread legs and her leather covered feet
 with toes pointing up into the ring and mirror. She could feel her
 arms along her sides and her hands, still encased in their ever
 present leather mittens, resting along the outside of her legs.
 She attempted to move them, one at a time, and found that they
 were somehow restrained there, forcing her arms and her extended
 hands to point straight upwards toward the mirrored ceiling tight
 along the sides of her body. She curled upward, bending and straining her
 stomach muscles, and saw two huge leather straps, one around
 each of her legs, buckled tightly there by three small leather belt
 and buckle sets on each, just above the knee. To each wide leather
 strap, one of her mittened hands was extended and it's tip strap
 inserted in buckle mounted on the outside of the strap on her
 outer leg. She let herself back down and hung there, gazing
 around the room. Her eyes caught the black wall and it's door and
 then her head and eyes swung to the right and beheld the bare feet
 and leather pants of her MASTER. As Linda stared upward at him,
 she saw that he had a short stainless steel chain in his hand with
 snap clips of some kind at either end.

 As she watched, he stepped into her terrazo "pit" and attached
 the chain to her huge stainless steel "mounting ring". She had
 bent her head backward and arched her straining back to look
 straight down at his hands as they attached one of the chain's
 "clips" to one of her "mounting ring's" welded D-Rings directly below
 her eyes and her head. One of his hands reached the short
 distance up to her face and then under it to the tipped back top of
 her head and thrust itself through the ring/hair/strap affair on
 top of her head and swiftly pulled her face back forward with her
 head mounted ring assembly and she heard another "click-snap" of the
 remaining chain mounted retaining clip. Linda tried to raise her
 head, as before, and found it was anchored downward by the chain
 and its clips, refusing her any further bending of her neck,
 foward or back, or raising of her head, but allowing her to turn
 her head, which she had done, as she watched the bare feet and
 leather pants step out of the pit and walk around her toward the
 black vinyl covered "equipment wall". As the feet retreated, she
 heard the ominous "Click" of her "mounting ring" and felt her
 feet begin to lower toward the "equipment" wall and the floor while
 her head began to rise toward the door end of the room and the ceiling.

 As motion continued, the reality of that motion and especially
 its ultimate 'destination' and position for her now "differently" bound form
 started to penetrate her pain wracked, aching body and her numbed
 mind. And as the hair on her head began to tighten across her
 scalp, she started to scream............."OH, GOD NO!!!.......NO!NO!NO!
 PLEASE!!!!......PLEASE MASTER!!!!..........LET ME BACK DOWN!!!!"

 and in an almost subdued, child like whimper............"pppllleeeaaassseee
 ..................don't do........THAT........to me?......PLEASE????"

 But the ring kept rotating as she passed through a horizontal
 position, suspended by her feet and her hair encircled ring
 attached firmly by its chain to her "mounting ring" and then on
 upward and upward until......FINALLY.......she was hanging
 vertically downward..............HELD THERE ONLY BY HER OWN.....HAIR!!!

 The tension in her legs was gone and in it's place, her scalp screamed
 in pain as her forehead was drawn upward and her eyebrows raised
 up unnaturally. She stared outward at the far wall, searching for
 her tormentor.............her MASTER...........but he was nowhere
 in sight.

 Then she felt a set of fingers on the bottom of her right foot as
 they unbuckled the strap that restrained her right leg in its
 spread eagled position and felt the strap come loose, as it was
 unthreaded from her "mounting ring" and her foot pulled backward
 and upward. She felt a wide leather belt come around her sweating belly,
 and then be yanked tightly and then be firmly buckled in the small of her
 back. Her right foot continued to rise upward as something was dropped
 over it and slid down her upward pointing toes, down her foot and down her
 lower leg to hang around her knee............and then the strap on the end
 of her foot was pulled tight, forcing her heel against her tensed nether
 cheek and the sound of a strap being buckled met her now "trained" ears.
 She felt the strain on the wide tight leather strap at her middle and knew
 he had strapped her foot, toes pointed upward, heel in her sore behind, to it.

 The process was repeated with her left foot as she whimpered and
 tried to comprehend how she would survive this new "position",
 one she had never in her life either seen or heard of and now was
 in the pain wracked throes of learning .........FIRST HAND, AS,......
 ....FOR THE FIRST TIME,.....HER BOUND BODY BEGAN TO ROTATE WITHOUT MOTION
 FROM THE "MOUNTING RING"...............A BOUND BUNDLE OF SUSPENDED
 AGONY.......IN A POSITION SO HELPLESS AND DEMEANING SHE WAS UTTERLY
 SPEECHLESS AND TOTALLY AT A LOSS FOR..........ANY..........WORDS,
 EVEN PLEADINGS AND BEGGINGS ESCAPED HER MIND-VOICE CONNECTION.

 Linda rotated in a slow, precise, lazy circle; her arms extended
 down the sides of her body, bound there by the wide belly strap
 and the stretched out leather covered hands yanked down her strapped legs
 and anchored there, with her pointed toes strapped to the middle of her back
 and the "belly strap" and her heels planted in her behind.................
 ...............ROTATING ON THE END OF A SHINY STAINLESS STEEL CHAIN......
 ........ATTACHED TO HER STAINLESS STEEL "MOUNTING RING"......AND THE RING
 ABOVE HER HEAD THAT WAS ENCIRLED WITH HER OWN, NOW TENSIONED, HAIR!!!

 As she viewed the entire room slipping pasther, she saw her....MASTER.......
 ........advancing toward her from the wall with two long stainless steel
 chains with clips on their ends.............like the one she watched him
 attach to her hair ring earlier.........He stopped her rotating motion
 by grasping something at her downward extended right knee and she heard
 a "click-snap"...............and felt her doubled back right leg raised
 sideways toward the "mounting ring",.......UNTIL IT WAS JUST BARELY SHORT
 OF HORIZONTAL AND STRETCHED SIDEWAYS TO THE "LIMIT".........followed by another
 "click-snap" and a tensioned pull of something in the hollow behind her knee.
 Her doubled back left leg was similarly "Click-Snapped" at the knee and her
 left leg rose upwards and sideways to.....again.....leave the valley of her
 sex and site of most of her recent torments...............SPLIT WIDE AND
 SPREAD OPEN AS IT HAD............NEVER..........N-E-V-E-R,...NOT EVER!....
 ....................BEEN SPREAD AND EXPOSED BEFORE!!!!!

 Facing the wall full of as yet fully comprehended devices and
 equipment, Linda saw her retreating...........MASTER,..........("and
 oh, god he was every bit her..........MASTER.............NOW!.......
 ............", she thought).....................take down a short
 handled whip with slim lashes hanging from the end of it. She
 watched him dip it downward into a black bucket and raise it
 upward where the lashes gleamed in the bright lights shining on
 the wall, highlighting it..................."OIL!!!"..............her mind
 screamed at her! And as he turned and walked toward her with the
 dripping, short, black lashed demon grasped firmly in his right
 hand at his side and stepped over into her "pit"...........her
 personal pit of private hell......pain and pleasure mixed.....Linda
 began to beg and to plead with every inflection, tone and level known
 to her mind, failing vocal cords and tongue..............................

 First low and whispered..............."no, mmmaaasssttteeerrr,
 pppllleeeaaassseee, mmmaaasssttteeerrr............nnnooottt
 ttthhhaaattt...................oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
 ,...................NO!...............PLEASE!..............
 and then in a husky louder pleading, begging, breaking voice.......
 .............ANYTHING, MASTER..........I"LL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT.......
 ...............I'LL SUCK YOU............I'LL LICK YOU............
 .........I'LL MAKE 'LOVE' TO YOU LIKE YOU'VE.........NEVER........
 BEEN MADE LOVE TO..............BBBEEEFFFOOORRREEE!, PLEASE....NO!!!!"

 The not yet familiar deep male voice responded to her entreaties
 by saying, ever so lowly, so slowly and so plainly, in a deep
 whispered voice............"You've already done all that for me,
 my pretty, stretched, bound, helpless..............slave.........
 ....................now let us begin to.......understand.....each
 other................as I teach you what the true meaning of the
 words.............OBEDIENCE..........AND..........SUBMISSION......
 REALLY ARE..................FOR YOU!!!"

 And again, in a low whispered voice, he said..............."a truely
 submissive sexually bound female slave must.........feel.......herself
 being sexually used by her master...............must......FEEL.......
 ..............the hopelessness............the helplessness of her
 'position'................and must,............ABOVE ALL............
 ...........FEEL HER EVERY SEXUAL PORE RESPOND UNREASONINGLY AND
 SPONTANEOUSLY TO HER MASTER'S MERE VOICE..............it is not
 enough to say the words.............nor to act out the the
 responses with your 'voluntary' actions, MY PRETTY SLAVE.....YOU MUST
 INVOLUNTARILY BECOME THE SEXUAL SUBMISSIVE THAT I....KNOW........
 YOU.............ARE.................by responding in the only way
 that a sexually submissive female slave can respond to her master
 and 'creator'....................with.....total, continuous, sexual
 stimulation.......AND.....total, continuous, sexual orgasm.........
 .................TOTAL..........CONTINUOUS..............AND
 COMPLETE...........VISIBLE...........SEXUAL.............RESPONSE!!!"

 His left hand reached out, palm up, and cradled the, once AGAIN, ever
 wettening seat of her sexual being...............pressing upward,
 and rubbing from front to back..........as Linda felt her self
 being helplessly manipulated and used in this simplest of ways.......
 .........as she felt him fondling her continuously..........he raised
 the handle of the still dripping whip........to her mouth........and
 said........"LICK IT, MY PRETTY, OVERSEXED, HELPLESS..........SLAVE,
 .............lick the shaft of your next lover...........the only
 COMPLETE AND TOTAL LOVER YOU SHALL EVER...........HEREAFTER.....HAVE
 TO SATISFY WITH YOUR OWN SIMULTANEOUS, COMPLETE, SEXUAL GRATIFICATION AND
 CONTINUOUSLY, INVOLUNTARY ORGASMS...............UNTIL HE STOPS 'LOVING' YOU!"

 "PAIN IS YOUR SEXUAL NEED, SLAVE..................INSTRUMENTS OF PAIN ARE
 YOUR 'LOVERS'...............FROM THIS MOMENT FORWARD AND....FOREVER!"

 "AND THE MASTER?....'YOUR' MASTER?....HE IS THE CREATOR AND THE DELIVERER
 OF YOUR 'LOVERS'...............TO......SATISFY.......YOUR EVERY SEXUAL
 NEED, WANT AND DESIRE.....COMPLETELY AND CONTINUOUSLY...................!"

 Linda stared into his eyes from within her suspended, helpless, totally
 and obscenely sexually exposed and spread body, feeling the rising storm of
 sexual need and answering sexual gratification...........through
 eyes that were pulled upward by her stretched, tensioned scalp.....
 ...........with a mind that comprehended the words.......THE 'TRUE' MEANING
 OF THE WORDS............for the very first time.

 She extended her tongue and wetly and subserviently caressed....NOT LICKED....
 ...the handle of the dripping whip held before her mouth..........she
 laved it with painstaking care and stared at it's full potent
 length from the dripping lashes to the to the blunt bulbous end
 of the handle.............she wanted to orally satisfy it in any
 way she could............as best she could..........BECAUSE........
 ...............WHEN SHE STOPPED..........HER LOVER WOULD BEGIN
 "LOVING" HER..............TOTALLY AND COMPLETELY.........AND HER
 MIND COULD NOT YET "ACCEPT" THAT EVENTUALITY..............

 And her 'lover"......retreated........to.....................BEGIN!!!!

 Totally suspended in a tightly wrapped cocoon of helpless and yet obscenely
 spread sexual exposure, naked and yet "wrapped", spread open hugely and widely
 to meet her "lover", Linda began to feel the "fingers" of her "total and
 complete lover" as she closed her eye lids as tight as she could.......

 .....and her MASTER said.............."OPEN YOUR EYES............SLAVE......
 ........AND BEHOLD YOUR "LOVER".............WATCH YOUR LOVER!"

 And she watched!............submissively....obediently.....in
 a rising tide of sexual responses so acute and so complete that the
 helplessly exposed position of her responding totally sexualized body became
 totally and completely irrelevant.................as her mind locked
 out all but the millions of sexual responses coming back to it
 from every tensioned and expectant nerve ending in her pleasure
 engulfed body..............as pain mixed with sex and came to her as
 total and complete pleasure........................................

 And her first REAL submissive, total, sexual orgasm began as she hung there
 untouched by anything at all..............NO WHIP............NO HAND.....
 NO MALE ORGAN.................NOTHING!!!

 And Linda moaned her pleasure and began to entreat her lover with
 her mind and her voice in low horse, throaty, abandoned whispers
 of a lover rising to meet a partner in the throes of complete and
 total sexual abandon....!

                   End of Part I - Chapter 6




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


           ........AND A FEMALE SUBMISSIVE WAS CREATED!

                         Part 1 - Chapter 7

 Through conscious, hyper-sensitized eyes, with a suspended
 helpless, now truly female submissive body.......AND MIND.........
 subservient to a blue eyed, bearded, tanned handsome hulk of a MASTER
 who held the first SUBMISSIVE 'LOVER' of Linda's young life.......
 ...........in the form of an oiled, wicked looking, short but many thonged,
 plain ended whip......................Linda watched her body begin
 to receive the attentions of her now whirling "LOVER"....directed
 by her......................MASTER..................as it moved
 inward toward her spread thighs and danced across her sensitive, spread,
 and VERY exposed hanging sex in constantly repeated......."SWISH".... "SLAP-
 SLAP-SLAP".....sounds that were melded end to end into a continuous rhythm of
 sound and accompanying sensations................stroking and striking and
 carressing and pulling and sucking and turning her insides to
 shivering molten fire...............as Linda rose on the wings of
 an angel of orgasmic pain become pure pleasure................

 The whistling, whirling oily thongs of her "lover" and its constant
 lapping sounds of 'contact' devoured Linda in a lake of pure unadulterated
 lust, desire, want, need and approaching...........but never quite THERE....
 ..........fullfillment.....................

 And her attentive MASTER, wielding her LOVER with EXTREME care and accuracy,
 watched Linda with the eyes of the accomplished dominator of true
 female submissives he was and had been for years.............a MAKER
 of female submissives.............from 'promising' raw stock
 placed in his caring and 'talented hands'......................He
 modulated the whirling "LOVER" in rotational speed and advanced
 and retreated it with both accuracy and understanding as
 he watched the pierced, ringed nipples on Linda's reddening breasts grow
 darker and rise farther and farther out from her chest........as
 he watched Linda attempt to arch her back forward, ever forward....
 ..........and kept careful account of the swelling color changes
 in her widening and flaring nether lips which now framed a vaginal
 passage that literally 'breathed' a life of its very own as the
 mouth contracted and then dilated, rhythmically and increasingly.....
 ............as he listened to Linda speak with a husky, deep,
 whispered, totally sexually driven voice to her lover and watched
 her lust glazed eyes dance in her head....................

 "oooooohhhhhh,.....yyyyyyeeeessss.............LOVER.........oh
 god it fells ssssssssooooooooo.......gggggggggooooooooddddddd!"

 "Uuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...................oooooooohhhhhhhhhh!"

 "Ppppppppppppllllllllleeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaasssssssseeeeeee.....FUCK ME!!!"

 "MASTER!!!!...................MMMMMMMMMMOOOOOOORRRRRREEEEEEE..........
 ................MAKE 'HIM' GIVE ME MORE...................PLEASE MASTER,
 OH, PLEASE MAKE HIM GIVE ME MORE.......................OH, I'M SO
 HIGH....................SO HIGH.............SO HHHHHHIIIIIGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!"

 "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!"

 And Linda climbed higher and higher up the stairsteps to total
 male subservience as her crashing, never quite completed orgasmic
 surrender eluded her and she climbed still higher and higher and
 her bound body literally danced in the air from her upstretched
 now dripping wet hair and her "mounting ring" creaked and groaned
 from her frenzied and lust driven contorsions.........................

 The nipples swelled and expanded outward as the contracting and
 expanding widely spread sexhole continually and unsuccessfully tried to seek
 its "LOVER"..........as Linda danced in the air and mouthed every
 entreaty her sexually driven mind could contrive and conceive.......
 .................with her MASTER floating within the glazed perview
 of her lust filled eyes..............sweet MASTER who understood her,

 ................knowing MASTER who was delivering her to her "LOVER".
 ................"MASTER, OH MASTER.........OOOHHH MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR!!"
 she moaned to him in frustration and appreciation all wrapped
 into one..........................

 And MASTER, retreated with her "LOVER" as Linda watched in......frustrated
 and absolutely "frustrated" sexual horror..............and through her wide
 stretched eyes and still vibrating, dancing, sexually hypersenitized
 body, she beckoned him back to her.....................and also with
 screaming verbal entreaties that filled the stiffling hot room as
 the MASTER step out of her "passion pit" and walked to the the far wall,
 retrieving a large tripod and a 'saddlelike' arrangement and
 returning over the curbed bounds of her sexual bondage pit now
 being coated with her sweat and bodily fluids, placed the tripod
 beneath her contracting and dilating hugely spread vaginal mouth........and
 then screwed the leather 'saddle' on top of it.......................

 As Linda, looked downward, with her lust filled eyes, at the
 device before her, he returned to the wall and came back with two
 perfect replicas of rigid and turgid male organs, two inches and
 three inches in diameter, respectively,..............screwed them
 into two twin holes in the curved saddle with it's perfect crotch
 fitting contours and wide leather straps dangling from the from
 corners and buckle tipped shorter wide straps dangling in the
 back corners.....................................

 The tripod, "saddle" and its now fully mounted male organs slid
 forward from the curbed edge of Linda's 'pit' as her breasts
 partially hid their progress and then through the valley of her
 heaving breasts the device all but disappeared from her view and
 she let out a disappointed whaling moan of frustration............

 UNTIL SHORTLY THEREAFTER, SHE WAS SPLIT AND SPREAD OPEN BY TWO
 WARM VIBRATING MALE ORGANS THAT ADVANCED RELENTLESSLY UP HER ANUS
 AND HER CONTRACTING GRIPPING VAGINAL WALLS UNTIL BOTH WERE BURIED
 TO THEIR FULL LENGTH IN A COOING AND MOANING LINDA..........AND THE
 SADDLE CONTACTED HER THIGHS, THEN HER BUTTOCKS, THEN HER
 UNDERBELLY IN FRONT AND ROSE INTO HER CROTCH AND SLOWLY LIFTED
 HER UPWARD................RELIEVING ALMOST ALL THE TENSION FROM
 HER SWEATING HAIR................AND LEAVING HER PARKED,
 HELPLESSLY, BUT THANKFULLY ON THOROUGHLY FILLED TWIN SEXUAL CAVITIES...

 The restraining straps came over her legs and buckled to the back of the
 saddle near the ever contracting and loosening cheeks of her ass
 as she attempted to squeeze both organ filled orfices with every
 talented muscle she had or ever hoped to have....................

 "SSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOO GOOD!!!!!!!"............AH, SO, GOOD!!!"
 hissed Linda downward to no one in particularly as the vibrating
 male engines drove her higher and higher now that she had something to
 work on with her sexually educated muscles....................

 But though higher and farther, still no orgasmic "thunder"
 occurred as promised by MASTER so long long ago..................

 Pleasure but still rising................and frustration.........

 And MASTER returned with the a pair of the small, strange looking ring
 devices with the legged tripod above them and crank handled shaft
 extending down through the apex of the tripod...........the
 rings, she could see, were made of rubber and so where the tripod
 legs rising from them..................as she strained to examine
 them more carefully..........one of them moved quickly forward to
 enclose her right breast, or rather, surround it................

 Fascinated, she watched the ring on the shaft open and the close
 through her right nipple ring and then back slowly away as her MASTER
 tensioned her nipple by turning the handle of the device now sticking
 out from her chest until the two rings tighted and snapped to
 right angles of each other and her right nipple was pulled
 outward as the rubber ring around her breast sunk into her flesh.......
 .............and a strange and pleasureable, yet somehow painful,
 sensation flowed through her nipple and breast.............and
 the rubber base ring began to contract, squeezing inward toward her
 breast and forcing it to bulge forward on her chest and turn
 redder and redder and redder.................................

 She watched in utter fascination as her once small breast
 ballooned outward and her once short nipple grew longer and longer....
 ....followed by waves of pleasure and sexual desire flooding her mind from her
 her squeezed and stretched breast's millions of stimulated nerve endings.

 Quickly, the left breast and nipple were similarly attended to and and
 captured, stretched and squeeezed until her MASTER was satisfied
 that they were entirely correct.............................

 And Linda moaned down to him................."OH THANK YOU, MY
 MASTER, OH THANK YYYYYYYOOOOOOOUUUUUUUU..............IT FEELS SO
 GGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDD!....SO VERY GOOD!!!"

 He reached down and released the snaps that held her knees to the
 outer stainless steel "Mounting Ring" ring.........releasing them at the huge
 "Mounting Ring",.....and pulled the chains down around a peg in the base
 of the tripod, and back up to snap to the chain partway up
 toward her knees as he tensioned them tightly and relentlessly downward,
 securing her in yet another way to the saddle by means of both her now
 downward stretched knees...........................................

 And having done all this to the quivering, begging, pleading and
 sobbing Linda, he walked away from her, once more, back toward the
 wall..................and returned with her fearful "LOVER...... the whip......

 AND FOR THE NEXT FEW MINUTES, LINDA'S NEW MASTER AND THE 'LOVER".....WITH
 THE CONSTANTLY "CARESSING" OILED THONGS................played a female
 submissive's "love song" on Linda's singing, sweat drenched body.........

 AS LINDA HIT ONE ORGASMIC PEAK AFTER ANOTHER AND ROSE ONWARD AND
 UPWARD TO INCREDIBLE SEXUAL HEIGHTS OF PLEASURE AND SATISFACTION,
 EACH FAR FAR BETTER THAN THE LAST AND EACH ENDING WITH THE
 PROMISE OF MORE, MORE...........MMMOOORRREEE!!!!!!

 There might have been pain....extreme pain........but Linda never
 felt it!.................all she felt was the orgasmic wonders of
 a female submissive's THOROUGHLY SATISFIED universe, as she streaked
 across the heavens and mouthed supplicant "THANK YOU'S" to her
 very first MASTER...............who definitely knew what Linda
 liked best and most...................NOW!!!!!

 (And from that time forward..............Male Dominant Masters
 who knew their trade and knew it WELL...........owned Linda
 during those much needed "sessions" on their carefully tuned "equipment"
 with their carefully selected "lovers"...........and the mere
 thought of a "MASTER" made Linda long for a sexual satisfaction
 only a MASTER could give.........no MERE "man".....A SIMPLE MALE.....
 WAS EVER AGAIN ENOUGH...............NEVER!!!)

 As Linda lay on the dressing room couch, she recalled that she
 had never passed out from her orgasmic trip into total female
 submissiveness and subservience.............she had hit orgasmic
 peak after orgasmic peak as she watched her new MASTER ply her "lover" over
 her tender twenty year old body.............he had adjusted and tightened her
 breasts and her nipple bondage.................he had stuffed her
 sex fuller and tighter by systematically and regularly raising her
 restraining saddle and its two hole stuffing male engines, which tensioned
 her legs downward but allowed her to bend her head forward and
 better observe the caress of her lover as it played back and
 forth over her body....................and he constantly adjusted those
 two male cocks shoved far up her stretched and engorged contracting and
 releasing holes........as Linda alternately gripped them and released them
 in the only way that she knew how and POSSIBLY........COULD..............
 ................then MASTER made them ruthlessly piston in and out of Linda's
 constantly contracting and relaxing, drenched and plugged holes with
 incredible speed, spinning and vibrating as they devoured Linda's steaming wet
 twin sexual cavities, plowing the orfices of each inward than
 sucking it outward, two at a time,....and finally....right at her highest peak,
 THE MASTER had flipped a switch on the saddle that advanced a vibrating
 small rubber suction device that siezed and devoured the small, reddened and
 VERY sensitive button at the top of her soaked and thoroughly plowed sexual
 "V".........and Linda went absolutely crazy with supplications,
 thank you's and moaning, screaming, bouncing motions of fulfillment so
 severe, that had she been hanging by her hair, she'd have been bald.....
 ....scalped by the willing "indians" of her sexually driven body and mind!

 To a total stranger, the picture of a crazed, babbling, pleading,
 begging woman on a saddle out of hell itself, restrained by her
 hair from a giant eight foot stainless steel ring, with a wide belt across
 her belly and back, tightly pinning her arms to her sides, her
 toes yanked up toward her waist, heels dug into her tensed behind and
 her hands strapped to her outer legs above the knees with a leather
 trousered male whipping her body front and back as her tortured
 stretched nipples and compressed breasts stood starkly out from
 her heaving chest and an oiled whip 'lover' plyed her bundled body.......
 ...........to an "uninitiated" stranger, the scene would look
 like a medieval session in the inquisition's deepest darkest,
 torture chambers.....or something out of a KGB sexual subjugation manual.

 BUT TO LINDA THE, "VICTIM".............IT HAD BEEN NO SUCH THING!!!!

 TO HER, FOR THE VERY FIRST TIME IN HER LIFE, IT HAD BEEN TOTALLY
 PLEASURE AND SATISFACTION FOR PLEASURE AND SATISFACTION'S SAKE
 AND DEFINITELY NOT FOR MONEY.........NO WAY!!!!

 Nobody made a "movie" of that "session" but Linda often wished
 someone had. BUT THEY HADN'T, DAMNIT, ANYWAY!

 After the session had ended and Linda was sliding back down from
 her trip through the heavens, MASTER removed her breast devices,
 unloosened her from her "saddle", and released her bent legs and
 reattached the stretched toes to Linda's "Mounting Ring" and
 rotated the ring in the reverse direction from whence she had come to
 this state of satisfaction until she was again hanging upside
 down. In which position he let her lick and lave his rigid straining male
 organ...his COCK.......for quite some time..............then he
 removed her belly and arm binding belt, unbuckled her restrained
 hands and arms and buckled them back to her "MOUNTING RING",
 spread eagled, as before, and with her legs spreadeagled
 the way it had all begun, her head and "hair ring" still chained to the
 ring, he tightened straps around her legs, rotated her into a face
 downward, horizontal position..............where he systematically hung
 weights from her pierced and ringed nipples and sex
 lips,.......after which.......he had most thoroughly and completely fucked
 his now totally submissive and subjugated SLAVE'S FACE.................AND
 HER ASS..............AND HER CUNT...............WHILE LISTENING
 TO HER CLIMB BACK UPWARD TO FEMALE SUBMISSIVE HEAVEN............AGAIN!!!

 Had either of them have doubted what her TRUE NATURE and REAL SEXUAL
 PREFERENCES WERE UP TO THAT POINT.................all doubt was
 removed forever and always..................GIVEN THE "CORRECT" MALE....
 ..............A "MASTER"!!!

 AND ANOTHER TOTAL FEMALE SEXUAL SUBMISSIVE HAD BEEN CAREFULLY "CREATED",
 ...............BY YET ANOTHER ACCOMPLISHED MALE.............MASTER!!!!

 As Linda lay on the couch in the dressing room of the south end
 lounge, she visualized and felt that heartless, male cock stuffed
 up every hole in her body and her begging and pleading for more
 as she watched her "weights" jerk and swing from her stretched
 tortured breasts and their nipples and felt the same thing going
 on in her nether lips.

 NOW,.................AS THEN.............SHE LOVED IT! And she
 hoped to God the sexy, big, blue eyed, bearded guy out at the bar
 was both still there and not just another "bullshit artist" in the
 Dominant Male...............NO,.............MASTER........"business".

 We shall see, she thought, as she opened the door and stepped out.

 (And at this point, your friendly narrator interrupts, to insert
 a short WARNING to would be male "MASTERS" who think they can/could
 handle a "LINDA" and provide her the sort of SATISFACTION she desires....
 .........nay,.....requires!

 Such creatures, like the lovely Linda, do, indeed, exist. They are complex
 and driven.............and they can literally tear an inexperienced male's
 most treasured appendages off...............if you do not play the "game" the
 way they want it played. To the poor bastard who ONCE utters an
 apology for ANYTHING, she will deliver the rath of heaven and
 hell combined.

 The care and "training" of a TRUE SEXUALLY SUBMISSIVE FEMALE - there are MANY
 PHONEYS who do it for $$$$! - is not something one undertakes without
 a thorough knowledge of both the "art" and the "devotee" to that "art"!
 If you think I jest.................try it...........but be
 prepared to speak with a high shrill voice for the rest of your
 miserable life if you know not what you are doing!)

 (And now back to "Linda" as she "investigates" a would be "MASTER")

 Linda walked out of the door and to her right, stepping up to the
 juke box just as B.J. approached it.

 "Hey, BITCH, it's my set!", she screamed. "Wait your own goddamn turn!"

 Linda looked down at her, contemptuously, and slammed a quarter
 into the singing box. Then another. And yet another. She punched
 in her chosen "songs".............VERY SPECIAL SONGS!......and as
 she walked away, she hoisted a familiar and universally understood finger
 in B.J.'s direction, never once giving her any other response.

 She sat down by the cash register and waited for her songs to
 come up. John looked down at her with raised eyebrows but thought
 better of verbalizing ANYTHING. A very FORTUNATE and WISE choice,
 indeed!

 When the three songs Linda had chosen came up, she took the
 stage.....and TOOK IT is the most apt way to describe the matter.

 Once in motion, she danced as she had not danced in a long long
 time.....all for the gentleman in the corner seat.........who, not
 by chance, but by CHOICE,.....was still very much......THERE!

 She never took her eyes off him, nor he, her. And as the
 carefully chosen songs reached all the intentionally chosen
 "passages" and "phrases", the two of them exchanged all the right
 "signals".

 By the time she got down off the stage, Linda KNEW she had a far
 better than even shot at securing another credible MASTER! Where
 she was "pretty sure" before, she was virtually certain, now!

 This time, she didn't play stalling games getting to the other
 end of the bar. She cut through behind the bar, around the stage
 and up around the end where she sank into the still empty chair and said:

 "If you're who and what I think you are, I've been waiting a long long
 time for you..........Paul............MASTER PAUL!", in a low,
 sexually tinted and tainted, throaty voice.

 He smiled at her with those pale blue eyes...........leaned over with
 his mouth and nose breathing hotly in her ear and said:

 "Slide forward. Up against the bar. Spread your legs out against it."
 "Fold your arms up on the bar. Lean forward. Like you're tired!"

 And as Linda obeyed, he reached down inside her bikini pants and
 fingered the four golden rings in the lips of her wet sex.

 "Just four?"

 "Uh-huh," came the subservient reply.

 "What did you say?"

 "Just four...........", and haltingly,..........."MMMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR"
 in a low moaning, whispered tone.

 "Better...........much better!"

 "It's been a while, hasn't it Linda?" "How long?"

 "Three years, MASTER..........almost four...........except for MISTRESS
 MARLA..............who really doesn't count."

 "Turn toward me. Keep your arms on the bar. Pull your top down off your
 nipples," he commanded quietly in a whisper.

 She rotated ever so slightly toward him, and secretively, with a timid hand,
 bared her golden ringed pierced nipples to his gaze and his gaze alone.

 "Professionally done," he stated, as if viewing some bauble in a
 dime store window. "Raise it back up and sit up."

 Linda slipped her top back over her sweating, pierced nipples and
 breasts and sat back up in the chair. He took a cigarette from
 her pack on the bar and placed it between her lips, as he raised
 his lighter to it's tip. Linda's hand flew up to grasp his hand
 over the back, fingers in his palm, guiding the flame while
 carressing his cool damp palm with her finger tips. He lit the
 cigarette and removed his hand, her hand going part way back down
 with his before leaving it and releasing it ever so slowly and tenderly.

 "Now, what was all that business about when you left here in such
 a hurry?"

 "I.......I.......Can't say!", she blushed, "I'm too ashamed!"
 came the whispered response. "Can we PLEASE wait until later?.......
 ...........MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR???"

 He shrugged and turned back to the bar.

 Linda looked at him, carefully, thought for a while, and then said:

 "I get off at 2:00".................."will you be here?.......MASTER?"

 He turned his head toward her and said carefully:

 "Is that what YOU want, Linda?"

 "YYYEEESSS!".......came the low, horse, sexy, whispered reply.

 He smiled at her carefully and got up from the bar.

 She watched him equally carefully, as his back moved away from her and he
 walked casually but deliberately to the door and out.

 Linda sat there for a long while, and then, regaining her
 composure, she finally got up and made the rounds of the room,
 talking with all the regulars and settling in for a drink with a
 new face that looked lonely and eager for company.

 The rest of the night went interminably slow for her, but 2:00AM
 rolled around. She changed hurriedly in the dressing room and,
 with her travel bag swinging from her right shoulder, she bid
 John a good night and headed out the door into the cool night air,
 not knowing what might lay in wait for her outside. She hoped
 that she had understood and that she hadn't assumed anything he
 might not have actually said or meant.

 As she passed through the outer door of the entryway leading from the
 lounge, her eyes swept the parking lot in a hungering, hoping
 attempt to locate the one person in this world she did not...NOW...
 want to lose.

 At first she didn't see him, and then, suddenly, she saw a tall
 figure with his back to her in the back of the second row of
 cars, talking to another guy. She walked across the open aisle to
 the door on the other side of the car where he was standing and
 waited, quietly. He completed his conversation with the other guy
 and they shook hands. Then, slowly, he walked around the back of
 his Lincoln Town Car to where Linda stood quietly waiting. She
 looked up into his smiling face and those barely visible pale
 blue eyes and smiled lovingly back at him as he reached down and
 opened the door for her. With Linda seated inside, he closed the
 door and walked around to the driver's side and got into the car.
 Without looking over at Linda, he started the engine and drove quickly out
 of the lot onto the street, and then out toward the main thoroughfare.

 When he got about a mile down the road, he pulled off onto a side
 road and then back into a small, quiet and private area among
 some large overhanging trees where he parked the car and shut the
 engine off.

 "NOW, pretty, scared, Linda..........who thinks she MAY have
 found a MASTER........what was all that about?"

 "Please............MASTER...........do I have to tell you?"

 "Have you told your husband, my pretty, very submissive, excited,
 strange 'friend'?"

 "NNNNNNOOOOOOO!", came the quivering reply.

 "Then, perhaps, you'll tell me?"

 And, with a slow moan for a start, she related the whole sorry
 tale of her repoed Firebird, the Friday and Saturday Night
 "Private Parties", her "pay" for the performances and the two
 feared and dreaded "repeat engagements" coming up on the weekend.
 When she was through, she hung her head down on her chest and
 started to sob, quietly, with body wracking shudders.

 He didn't say a word. He just reached over and started the engine
 and put the car in gear, then drove back out toward the main
 highway and when he got there, asked:

 "Which way?"

 "Left", came the soft reply.

 And she directed him carefully over the streets that led to her home.

 As they approached her house, she said "the green double on the left,
 by the old white chevy", and he angled up to the curb on the
 opposite side of the street.

 She looked at him carefully, not knowing what to say or to do next.
 He solved the problem for her, in a hurry.

 "Tomorrow morning, I'll stop by at 10. You'll be here; correct?"

 A timid "yyyeeesss" followed by a long sigh.

 He looked across the street at her house and said very calmly,
 "Good Night, Linda!", "and.........sweet dreams, my beautiful and sexually,
 submissive match!"

 She got out of the car and as she walked across the street, he
 drove away.

 The next morning, promptly at 10, while Tammara was at school and
 Johnny was down working on the ICIC job, her new 'chosen' master appeared
 at her front door. She opened the door and stepped back to let
 him in, but he simply took her right hand in his left hand and,
 with his right hand, laid five crisp new one hundred dollar bills in it,
 wrapped in a small white paper band. Without saying a word to her, he turned
 and walked back across the porch, down the steps, out the lead walk,
 got into his car and drove away. She stared after him in
 disbelief and amazement, then looked down at the small green
 objects in her right hand and noticed a phone number on the white
 wrapper enclosing them. No note. Just a phone number.

 When the shock wore off, she hurried around like a demon possessed
 woman, getting herself ready to go retrieve the Firebird from the
 impound lot. After two hours spent retrieving her car, she returned
 home just in time to fix Tammara's lunch and send her back to
 school. She spent the rest of the afternoon trying to get up the
 courage to call the number, but never managed it.

 That night, she drove to work and danced her 9 to 2 shift without
 a hitch, except that she had the pleasure of telling John she'd
 not be "entertaining" Friday or Saturday Night and, when he asked her
 what she meant, she said she didn't need the extra money any more.
 To her suprise, he just shrugged and said, "suit yourself. It's
 fine by me."

 When she walked out the front door at two in the morning, she was
 happy as a lark, but very puzzled about the non-appearance of her
 benefactor..............her new found master, she hoped.

 The next morning, she hustled her two "troops" off to school and
 work by 7:30 and then determinedly sat down at the kitchen phone
 and, retrieving the white wrapper from her purse, she dialed the
 phone number. A male voice answered with a deep firm "hello".

 "Are you busy?" "I don't want to bother you," she said in her
 lowest, sexiest, and most submissive and subservient tone. "I
 missed you last night..............are you alone, now?" she
 blurted out.

 "Nooo, I'm not alone, but it doesn't much matter whether I am or
 not,..........now does it?"

 That puzzled her some, but she went on.

 "Thanks for the....ah......'loan'; I got my Firebird back yesterday
 morning...........and......ah........I don't know how a can thank
 you................." and her voice drift off uncomfortably.

 A low, firm vice responded, "you'll figure out something, I'm sure,
 when you've thought about 'us' long enough.........and believe
 what you've seen and felt so far."

 She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, followed by a VERY low
 and sexy "I already have thought about 'us' and I want to meet
 you to 'prove' to you that I.......do.........'believe'.......NO,
 I KNOW...............are you free today?"

 "Drive down to the Riverside Condominiums, on South Riverside
 Drive at Lexnard. Park your car in the underground condominium
 garage in slot 44 and take the elevator to the penthouse level -
 I'll be in Penthouse Apartment Number One," came the cool, deep
 and very strong reply, followed by a dead line.

 She rushed around the house like a mad woman, leaving a note for
 her daughter and one for her husband, just in case. After
 hurriedly showering, making herself up and choosing her best,
 most conservative skirt and blouse outfit, (being particularly careful
 not to "encumber" herself with either a bra or pants, thus making
 matters simpler, later), sliding into her highest pair of black
 high heels, (purposely failing to wear either panty hose or nylon
 stockings to add to the simplicity), she stormed out the door to her car
 and drove like a demon, downtown. During the silent fifteen minute drive
 downtown, she thought about the events of the past few days,
 giving careful attention to her recollections of Parkersburg and
 her first, and perhaps, in reality, ONLY, real MASTER, and as she
 was thinking about him, she reached in her purse and extracted
 her small, sequestered bottle of Shalamar Oil and began applying
 it carefully to her quaking, shivering body as she zipped through
 traffic toward a..........................a new chapter in her
 life as a true sexually submissive female............she hoped
 and prayed it was a 'new chapter'.

 Minutes later, her Firebird parked in stall 44 in the basement,
 she rapped timidly at the door to Penthouse Apartment Number One on
 the very top floor of the condo on the Manamanee River, downtown.

                 End of Part I - Chapter 7




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


              A NEW MASTER..........AND SOME OLD MEMORIES

                         Part II - Chapter 1

 The door opened slowly and, glancing furtively and quickly both
 ways down the long hallway, Linda  hurriedly stepped inside. As the
 big heavy, ornate door closed behind her, she looked up into
 those pale blue eyes on the tan bearded face, not really daring
 to speak, but thinking she really ought to say.....something.

 He reached over and slipped her travel bag off her shoulder and
 set it up on the counter behind the door, which was part of a small
 wet bar. As his hand released the bag on the counter top, it
 retrieved a black object before making its journey back toward her.

 As he raised the object up off the counter, he reached up with his
 other hand and grasp the dangling end and raised a black leather,
 three inch wide, buckle ended band. As it rotated in his hands, Linda could
 see that it had stainless steel studs covering it all along one side.
 Turning the strap so the studs faced away from Linda, he raised it
 horizontally and carefully slipped it beneath her uptilted chin, wrapping
 it around her slender throat and neck and buckling it firmly and most
 knowingly at the back of her now shivering and trembling slim neck.

 Without a word, he turned and walked over to a high, soft cushioned and
 armed bar chair and, turning toward her, sat down.

 He pointed to the counter top, where an array of black, stainless
 steel studded, black, leather straps with buckles lay in waiting........
 ..........Linda walked timidly to the counter, and facing him, began with
 deliberate and loving care, to retrieve them one at a time from the counter
 and place them carefully.....AND TIGHTLY.......around each of her
 trembling limbs.

 When she had completed the task, she walked around the counter
 and over next to his high padded chair, black stainless steel
 studded bands of leather some three or four inches wide gleaming
 at her throat, on her two wrists and just above her two ankles. She
 turned her back to him just a foot or so from his chair and placed her
 two leather encased wrists behind her on the skirt covered cheeks
 of her protruding behind.

 The sound of the old, familiar "Click - Snap" reached her ears, twice,
 as she felt the D-Rings on the steel studded, leather restraints tugged
 toward each other and locked together securely.

 He slipped slowly out of the chair and walked around in front of her,
 looking her straight in the eyes. A strong hand settled on her head and
 pressed her firmly downward to her knees. As the hand left her
 head, it descended in front of her and then to the side of her skirt,
 where it was joined by its mate. The waist band of her skirt was
 quickly opened as the hands expertly undid the hooks from the
 eyes and then lowered the "hidden zipper" to its very bottom stop.

 The skirt was quickly pressed downward by hands on both of her small
 but still protruding hips, until it lay crumpled  around the base of her
 upper kneeling legs, on the floor and across the tops of her backward
 extended lower legs and pointed toes.

 A firm finger reached under her pantyless sex, touching the
 budding opening of her anus, and then traveled slowly and
 knowingly back forward and up through her now very wet sex
 toward the high, sensitive "V" at it's top where an expectant and
 shivering small fleshy knob waited in anticipation and expectation;
 expectations that were about to become thoroughly fullfilled!

 As the finger slowly and tantilizingly passed over the small, sensitive,
 sheathed button, having first brushed between the small golden rings hanging
 from her outer lips, it withdrew, and rising in front of her body, settled
 on her lower lip. Linda slowly ovaled her mouth and laved the wet, long finger
 with her senitive adoring tongue as it slowly slid into her mouth. From the
 time the finger first touched her below, she stared steadily and longingly
 into his pale blue eyes.

 "Welcome, pretty Linda, with the rings of gold........welcome my
 pretty, submissive slave to the continuation of your training by
 a master who knows you and understands you as none have before,"
 came the firm, strong male voice from above, as she licked and
 sucked on the moisture coated finger that now exuded the smell
 and the taste of her rising passions.

 The finger slowly and lovingly withdrew from her mouth and then
 two firm hands reached down under her pinioned arms and lifted
 her slowly up off her knees and the floor and placed her gently
 on her high heeled feet. He turned her slowly and lovingly around and
 guided her swiftly down a large hallway, one hand on her leather
 collar and the other on her leather cuffed wrists, leaving her skirt
 laying crumpled, behind on the floor.

 As she was propelled through a door at the end of the wide
 hallway, he hurried her quickly to wide, carpeted, open expanse at
 the foot of a huge, skirted, four poster bed where he raised her secured
 arms, and their binding black leather straps, swiftly upward up behind her
 as she bent obligingly forward at the waist and her head descended to stare
 from between her naked, high heeled feet and legs, under the arch of her
 sandy brown hair covered sex at the firm male legs rising behind her.

 "Click-Snap" and he walked in front of her downward thrust head
 and shoulders, her connected hands and upward extended arms now tensioned by
 a long stainless steel chain hnaging tightly from a large steel ring bolt
 screwed into the ceiling far above.

 He reached down under her bent, now quivering upper body and slowly undid
 the buttons of her blouse, raising it outward and upward tucking it over
 her hoisted, tensioned arms.

 His hands left her arms and the blouse and did not return for a
 moment. When they did, they brought two fierce looking nipple
 clamps with them which he placed over the twin, hardened tips of her pierced
 golden ringed nipples and screwed down......TIGHT. Linda moaned softly
 and her body trembled.

 The knowing fingers left their tortured and clamped "victims"
 behind to be incessantly grasped and compressed as Linda continued to moan
 softly and breathlessly, for the first time blurted out......"MASTER,...
 ...OH,....  ........MASTER,............HOW I'VE WAITED FOR YOU!......
 ..SO LONG... .....AND SO................LONELY!!!"

 "Quiet,..........little one..........you........WILL........speak
 in due time.................when you are...............'READY'!"

 He moved off toward the high four postered bed and returned to
 kneel at her leather encased ankles. As she gazed through her
 legs he attached a long black rod to her left ankle and then
 lifted her right foot and spread it wide where he attached the
 other end of the rod with a "Click-Snap" and set her high heeled right
 foot carefully back on the floor. The position caused her arms to raise
 still further from her body as she settled downward in a wide open,
 forced and spread stance, the ringed lips of her protruding and engorged
 sex slowly opening to reveal the beginings of an ever widening
 valley and the ever so slight pulsating, opening and closing
 movements in the mouth of her wet and aching sex.

 He stood up slowly and reached over to stroke the cheeks of her
 naked behind gently as he walked toward the door and then down
 the hall way. After what seemed like hours and hours to Linda, he
 returned to her ever so slowly and deliberately. As she gazed
 between her spread legs under the frame of her spreading four
 nether rings, she saw the tight leather pants and bare feet of a....
 MASTER.............HER MASTER...............RETURNED!!!

 He slowly bent down and carefully released the ends of the rod from her
 tight, wide, leather ankle cuffs and then stood up equally slowly.
 Reaching upward, he released her connected wrists and stood her
 upright under the dangling stainless steel chain and its clasp.
 Linda looked upward at the heavy chain and huge eyebolt and shivered
 again. Working swiftly, without comment, he removed the connector from
 between her wrists, swung first one wrist and then the other around in front
 of her, pulling them upward while stripping the blouse from her in one
 fluid motion. As the blouse slid first down arm and then down the other,
 her wrists flew upward to be captured by the familiar "Click-Snap". And then
 sudenly and swiftly, as Linda stood with her wrists suspended in
 front of her glazed eyes and breathed heavily, he reached swiftly
 downward and thrust his finger through the D-Ring in her ankle strap
 and thrust her bare leg up before her eyes and dropped the D-Ring
 into the clip holding her wrists. She heard the telltale "Click-Snap" and
 felt her other leg grasped and driven swiftly upward where the she
 watched its D-Ring drop into the same clip and heard the very,
 very FINAL, "Click-Snap". AND LINDA...........SUBMISSIVE SEXUAL
 SLAVE, LINDA,.............HUNG SUSPENDED FROM A LONG STAINLESS
 STEEL CHAIN DESCENDING FROM A LARGE STAINLESS STEEL RINGBOLT HIGH
 IN THE CEILING,..............ROTATING SLOWLY, HER BOUND SUSPENDED
 BODY SOME THREE FEET CLEAR OF THE PLUSH CARPETED FLOOR!

 SHE WAS "HOME".....................AT LAST!!!!

 Helplessly drawn upward, engorged, hardening nipples trapped between
 twin punishing jaws that brought back the moans and the rippling shivers
 from so long ago.

 She tipped her head backwards as she saw him approach, knowing
 that the leather strap and round rubber object in his hand was
 soon to be placed in her now gaping, wide mouth. He slid the
 device swiftly into her eager mouth and strapped it securely
 behind her damp sweat coated hair, and then turned to retrieve a
 a very fragile looking short, many, thonged whip...........which
 instantly begin spinning in his MASTERLY trained hand as it
 slowly hissed its whirling song of love and caressed her
 compressed sex lips and hanging behind.

 As he "kissed" her continuously with the whirling "lover", Linda
 began to moan and to sing her submissive sweet songs........rising higher
 and higher until she flew over the peak, her cramped sex contracting and
 dilating deep between her tightly pressed lips as the singing lashes of her
 'lover' reddened her and stroked her to a place she had longingly sought
 for all these many lonely months and even years.

 As she slowly rotated in her panting, suspended position, after
 her unreasoned and total climax, she felt a hand release her
 ankle and the set her high heeled foot on the floor, followed by a repeat
 as the other foot was carefully lowered. Her wrists came free from
 the long shiny chain, hanging, still and very starkly from the bold
 shining ringbolt above. Linda gazed lovingly up into those pale blue
 eyes as his hands removed the strap from behind her head, she
 exclaimed in a breathless hiss.........."thank you, my
 master....oh thank you......so much...........may I lick you and
 suck you and.......................?" as her quivering voice
 slowly faded to a whisper and stopped.

 Her master walked around to the high four poster bed where he
 rolled onto his back and stared out at her naked, sweating form.
 Nipples still hardened and clamped tightly from the top of her
 golden nipple piercing rings upward. She walk slowly around the
 bed and slid her naked protruding buttocks across the silky
 cover. With her back turned to him, she slowly raised her arm over his
 lower belly and let the elbow settle on the bed. She quickly
 lowered the zipper on his tight leather pants and worked them down
 off his hips toward to his knees as he raised up to accomodate her.

 Reaching swiftly under his suspended twin sacks, she placed two
 fingers on the track that his rising seeds of passion and climax
 would have to follow as they sped upwards to and through the extend rigid
 shaft with its smooth, circumcised head, now rising before Linda's eyes.

 With the other hand, she reached inside of her mouth........and
 carefully withdrew her imitation teeth and set them carefully on
 the bed beside his outstretched thighs...........and then slowly
 lowered her ovaled mouth and drove the smooth, reddening shaft to
 the back of her throat..............circling the base of the
 shaft with a petite but ever tigthening thumb and forefinger, as
 she massaged the base of the swelling shaft expertly, first slowly and
 then more rapidly, straight up and down.

 As her attentions grew more frenzied, she slip the rounded head
 from between her lips and leaned the rigid shaft backward on his
 hair swirled belly where she laved it from the base to the tip,
 over and over and over again, paying careful attention to the
 senitive, still empty "tube" that left the shaft and rose up to
 join the head below the split side of the darkening head. As she
 whipped her talented tongue over this hypersenitized area, he
 moaned softly and then let out a deep throated groan.....AND
 LINDA SMILED............then raised the lengthening shaft upward
 and drove her tightened lips down over it as she tightened her
 grip on his two swollen sacks, pressing ever inward and upward
 with her two fingers on their underside up into his groin and
 tightened the grasp of the rising and falling thumb and fore
 finger encircling the base of his shaft.

 She licked and she sucked as she drove him deep into and out of her
 throat, with incoming and outgoing sounds of held and then
 released, life giving, lung filling breath.

 And as she drove onward, responding moans and groans reaching her
 ears, and she felt the telltale signs in her sack cupping hand as she blocked
 the rising rush of his hot bubbling sperm with the two carefully placed
 fingers beneath the now contracting, spasming sacks. Held thus in
 check, lovely "slave" Linda drove downward with her lips until
 they touched the thumb and forefinger circling the base of the
 shaft and then turned her throat muscles loose to milk the long
 thick shaft and squeeze the sensitive head in microbursts of
 strong muscular contractions....................and turned her
 "master" into a slave to her talents...............as she drove
 him wild with need and the desire to "come"...........while
 holding him in check and pushing him higher and higher, ever
 upward to dizzying frantic heights.

 She listened to him moan and fertively plead.......as he mouthed
 strings of passion driven words and pleas.........and as she
 increased the pressures of both sets of fingers and drove further
 down on the still dry, now trembling and shaking shaft.

 After she had held him in check for almost a full minute,
 listening to him moan and feeling him rock from side to side and
 rise upward in an ever increasing pistoning motion, she grudgingly
 removed the two blocking fingers at the base of his hanging, now
 shrinking twin sacks and tightened her entire curled hand around
 them to assist them in their contracting finale......as she kept
 the circled fingers at the base of the shaft tigthened and
 allowed nothing to pass upward until she raised her head upward and looking
 down her sloped pretty nose, released the the bubbling upward rushing
 torrent at the base of the shaft. As formerly trapped male semen rose
 swiftly upward in the tube on the back of the shaft, she popped
 her tight lips over the deep purple head and strangled the base
 of the head, thus filtering the sperm as it screamed upward
 through the taut stretched connecting tube and causing sensations
 few males have or will ever experience as the boiling stream exploded
 into her mouth................and then Linda dropped straight down to the
 base of the rigid quaking shaft with her ovaled and tighted lips
 as the hot male sperm shot into her clasping throat and down into
 her eager receiving belly.

 She stayed down in that position for as long as she could, then
 rose upward, slipping the smooth hot head back out through her
 ovaled, still tight lips, and then kissed the wet sticky tip as she
 rose steadily away.

 She reached down on the bed and swiftly retrieved her "little secrets",
 placing them firmly back in her amazingly wet, but not sticky mouth before
 they were seen, and then turned around and smiled with a passionate, wide
 eyed "subservient" (well, perhaps, a "little" subservient and submissive!)
 and satisfied smile. The look that she got in return, from and
 exhausted and panting "master" was one of absolute wonder and amazement.

 "MMMYYY MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR LIKES HIS SLAVE?" she whispered in a
 low husky voice..............observing the nodding, gasping reply
 with some considerable amusement.

 Later, she told him the long and torrid story of how she gained
 such exsquisite talent and how "her little secret" had come to pass.
 (Yes, he had "noticed" the exquisite "difference" of a very
 smooth and toothless mouth skimming up and down his "manhood"......
 ..............AND HOW HE HAD................NOTICED!!!...........)
 He listened quietly, not wanting to interrupt. And when it was
 finished, he reached over and pulled Linda on top of him where she
 quickly and expertly rose up and thrust his recovering shaft deep
 inside her still hungry and eager.........nay, starving!....deep sex.....
 and she rode him and rode him with long driving, engulfing and
 tight squeezing strokes as he lifted her trapped, hardened
 nipples toward the far away ceiling................and they both
 came together in a moaning and pleasure filled orgasm that left each
 as a total integral part of the other, feeling and searching and
 finding at last!

 Linda feel asleep laying over Paul belly to belly and breasts to
 hairy chest, nipple clamps and all. About and hour later, just before
 noon, she got up and walked into the bathroom where she tended to
 her needs and took a quick shower. After toweling herself dry,
 she applied liberal amounts of shalamar to her body and strolled
 quietly back into the room with a soapy wash cloth, a hot plain
 water soaked wash cloth and a large dry towel. Her nipple clips
 were still firmly in place!

 She sat on the edge of the bed and tenderly grasped the shrunken
 and flacid shaft laying on Paul's lower belly and slowly lathered
 it and his hanging manhood, being careful not to hurt him in the process.
 That task, completed, she rinsed him clean with the wet, hot
 plain water wash cloth and dried him with gentle pats. Of course,
 "MASTER" PAUL woke up early in the process, but he never said a
 word. When Linda finished and had thrown the wet wash clothes on
 top of the towel onto the floor beside the bed, she got up from
 the bed and walked over to a large leather satchel at the foot of
 the bed.

 She rummaged around in the bag for a while and then returned with
 two very wide buckling thigh straps which she slipped around her
 upper legs and buckled tightly on the inside of each thigh. She
 handed Paul three double ended snap clips and then got onto the
 bed and rising over him, settled down with her knees on either
 side of him and settled her clean, scented sex down on top of his
 now rising shaft, taking him, again, up inside her, and then
 settling down tightly until she and Paul were tightly "joined"
 with their curled pubic hair welded together. She retrieved one
 of the double snapping clips from him and connected the D-Ring on
 her thigh strap to the one on her ankle strap. She repeated the process on
 the other side. Then she thrust her hands down behind her and
 forced them out to the side where Paul clipped them together and
 Linda swung them back behind her and reached down with her hands
 to begin playing with Pauls loose male sacks laying on his legs,
 enveloped by Linda's hot ring pierced spread sex lips.

 Paul lay there quietly as she set herself up the way she wanted
 to be. When she was through, he was astounded to realize that she
 was sitting backward on his upper legs, her soft bottom resting
 tightly on them, her sex resting tightly up against his......and
 bound in that position and unable and VERY unwilling to rise!

 Linda gazed down into Pauls pale blue loving eyes and began to
 tighten and loosen all of the internal muscles in her lower belly
 and in her behind. A rippling, clenching and releasing effect
 that caused Paul's deeply buried and growing shaft to be
 alternately squeezed and released.

 Linda gave absolutely no outward signs of effort or motion,
 except that Paul could see the muscles in her lower belly
 rippling back and forth and could feel the cheeks of her behind
 clenching and unclenching on his legs.

 "Paul?............MY SWEET MASTER PAUL...........I want to tell
 you a story about me.............and I want you to listen carefully
 and try to understand who I am and what I am............", Linda
 said softly.

 "While I tell my story, I want you to feel me and how I react to
 the story................I won't move much if at all, and you,
 eventually, will "come" one or more times............enjoy it and
 be my MASTER.............PLEASE, PAUL?", Linda finished in a deep,
 throaty and already sexually driven voice.

 "Proceed, lovely slave...........LINDA...........PROCEED!", Paul
 said softly but authoritatively.

                  End of Part II - Chapter 1




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


          PAUL GETS THE FACTS FROM LINDA....IN AN UNUSUAL WAY

                        Part II  -  Chapter 2

 And so.......on a bright Spring afternoon..........high above the
 city in a plush and luxurious penthouse...........Linda began to
 tell Paul.............her hand picked and specifically chosen new
 MASTER...........her sexual submissive's "life story".

 Seated on Paul's naked legs, wrists secured in leather straps whose
 large and very strong D-Rings were securely fastened together behind
 her back, (her restrained hands and fingers reaching gentlely downward
 under her bare behind to cup Paul's hot, loose twin sacks and constantly
 squeezing and manipulating them!); with each of her straddling upper thighs
 and lower legs bound tightly in thick leather straps and secured tightly to
 each other by connecting clips between their equally strong D-Rings;
 with the golden ringed, soft, spread lips of her aroused sex slit
 spread open and flared at the base of Paul's rising and engorged
 male shaft which was buried deep up inside her; in this strange "postion"
 Linda told Paul some of the many details of "Linda's Past".

 As Paul listened quietly and attentively, he watched Linda's
 crouched and splayed muscles react to the details of her experiences
 in that hot, frightening basement room in Parkersburg, ten years before.
 As she related the terrifying and intimate details of her introduction to
 submission, punishment, male domination and sexual bondage, while graphically
 describing her physical and mental "reactions" to each new bondage and
 punishment session, Paul watched and felt her trained internal and external
 muscles ripple with microsecond spaced contractions and relaxations.........
 ......taking care to remember the parts of the story that set off the most
 extreme and continuous bursts of involuntary muscular spasms and reactions.

 Each time Linda began another episode of the sessions on the
 "mounting ring" with her first master, seated there with Paul's manhood
 buried deep inside her rippling and wet sexual passage, Paul
 strained to prevent her from prematurely ejaculating him with the
 rippling but otherwise motionless onslaught. And each time Linda
 reached the part of a "session" where she had been driven into a
 total state of sexually submissive, orgasmic abandon.......she
 repeated the ACTUAL orgasmic reactions.........seated there on top
 of Paul's rigid shaft, with accompanying moanings, pleadings and beggings
 documenting what Paul could readily see and feel going on in
 Linda's highly excited sexual organs.

 He carefully watched the clamped, pierced and ringed nipples grow
 darker and flare outward and upward in the jaws of their
 punishment devices as she took him through one session and
 orgasmic phenomena after another............from so long ago.

 And when it was over and the tale of her first master....MASTER
 CHRIS.........had been thoroughly and effectively told.....Linda
 relaxed and settled gently and tightly down on him as she smiled
 impishly down at Paul's reclining, naked body, looking longingly
 into his pale blue eyes and softly said,............"Paul,....my
 MASTER, PAUL...............you are a very special person and
 'friend' to me..............do you understand that?"

 Paul nodded, slowly.

 "I am a very strong and very self-reliant woman with a lot of
 very frustrated pride and extremely mixed emotions", Linda went on.

 "My mind will not allow me to EVER put this sexual fantasy/reality
 business of mine of being some well educated and knowledgeable master's
 very personal, total, sexually submissive slave.........IT JUST WON'T!"
 "I've tried every way I could think of to get rid of 'Linda the
 sexually submissive female'................AND COMPLETELY AND
 TOTALLY FAILED!!!..............ABSOLUTELY AND TOTALLY!"

 "Perhaps, Linda.........you simply need to separate 'Linda the
 - normal -  mother, wife and career seeking/striving woman' from
 'Linda the sexually submissive slave'", Paul volunteered.

 "In total honesty,.....my beloved Master Paul, that is precisely what I
 am doing...............HERE!.............SEPARATING AND 'EXPOSING'
 MYSELF..........BOTH BEFORE YOU AND TO YOU!", Linda sighed.

 "I tried it one other time and got horribly and terribly hurt.......
 ............and nearly ended up being a full time 'SEX SLAVE' to
 a VERY accomplished master who took slow but total control of me
 until I had no 'other life'", Linda explained to Paul.

 "Almost four years ago, I was 'converted' from a thousand dollar
 a night.........some call it a 'trick'!..............'Call Girl'
 into a perpetually bound and punished sexual submissive by my
 second REAL MASTER..............ALEXANDER..........ALEX!!" "It
 happened slowly and gradually, in a way I simply was not prepared
 to deal with..............and probably, even now or in the future,
 couldn't handle if it occurred again", Linda said sheepishly and ashamed.
 "He just simply 'snuck up on me' and before I knew it I was back in
 restraints and being manipulated twenty-four hours a day, seven
 days a week for almost four solid months!"

 "How did you get out of it, Linda", Paul asked out of curiosity
 more than anything.

 "Johnny somehow found me and after a lot of hell raising and
 threatening, he got me free and took me back home!", Linda exclaimed.

 "And you were 'pleased' that he did, Linda?"

 "Not really..................part of me was overjoyed to be free
 and back to 'normal'..............really elated!" "But another
 part of me was thoroughly pissed..............mad as hell.......
 because no matter how much they were hurting me; punishing me;
 using me..........and really and genuinely abusing me.......I
 loved every sick, frightening and demeaning minute of it.......
 ..........even when the terror and pain was so high and more was
 constantly being both promised and delivered without fail or let up.....
 ..........even then, I was like a trapped butterfly with it's
 wings pinned to the wall...........watching and waiting and then
 feeling myself torn apart.................and 'cumming' constantly
 just thinking about what ALEX really COULD do to me if he wanted to....
 ..........and he always.........'WANTED TO'..............ALWAYS!"

 Linda sighed and settled back down onto Paul, who had noticed, as
 she had touched the fringes of the Alex matter....MASTER
 ALEX.....that Linda's involuntary 'reactions' had swiftly returned.....
 .......only faster and with far fewer 'details' driving them. He
 cataloged the events and the reactions in his mind for use in some
 later voluntary "Show and Tell" session from and with Linda.......when
 she was ready for it and WANTED to tell him.

 Throughout the past hour and a half, Paul noted to himself,
 Linda painted a sorry and sad picture of her husband, Johnny,
 while painting a picture of hope and a future far different than
 her own for her daughter Tammara. Tammara, it became quickly
 evident, was Johnny's leverage point with Linda and he used the
 eight year old, only daughter Linda had or could have, as an
 absolute weapon against Linda. "The guy's a fourteen karat son-of-
 -a-bitch and has to be carefully watched and handled", Paul
 thought to himself as he made himself a mental promise to do just
 that............take care of Johnny and keep him at bay.

 "OK!................So exactly what do you want me to do about
 all this and you, Linda?............and let's deal with our
 pretty, driven, wanting and needing, 'sexually submissive Linda'
 first, shall we?" Paul said matter-of-factly, staring deep into
 her eyes for a response and waiting patiently.

 "I don't know..........(long pause)............MASTER!" "I really
 and truly don't!" Linda whined with an embarrased look on her face.

 "I suppose......what I am about to say will sound crazy as hell to you....
 ..............coming from and 'EX'-HOOKER (emphasis) like me the
 way it is................(long pause)..............."but there is
 no way in the world I can...........shall we say.........'GET MY ROCKS
 HAULED'..........'GET OFF SEXUALLY', is probably a more
 descriptive term................without a REAL MASTER TO AT LEAST
 'ASSIST' ME,.................Paul..............MASTER PAUL!!!",
 came the reasoned and simple explanation.

 "....................and now that I've found you.........I really
 would like to keep it that way................if you'll let me.....
 .............MASTER." she said ever so softly and with a deep and
 quivering voice, her glazed eyes staring down at her still clamped and
 pinioned, tortured nipples, her chin pressed on her upper chest.

 Paul reached up and grasped the tight, squeezing nipple clamps,
 raising them abruptly upward before Linda's smoldering, downcast eyes.
 The viciuosly clamped nipples stretched upward, the small breasts
 straining to similarly shape themselves upward as they, too, elongated
 to keep up.......................and rippling muscle contractions
 across Linda's lower belly, her seated buttocks and her doubled
 up and compressed legs, especially her inner thighs, all whipped
 forward, downward and backward to slam into the mouth of Linda's wet
 but previously relaxed, stuffed sexual passage.................

 "NOW........................YOU SIMPLE, SEXUAL VESSEL.......MAKE
 YOUR MASTER CUM!!!", Paul commanded her.

 "DO IT NOW!!!..............WITHOUT LIFTING OFF OF ME AND WITHOUT
 YOUR HANDS....................DO IT.................SLAVE!!!", he
 added forcefully.

 Linda stared into his eyes through the frame of her upward
 tensioned nipples and breasts and Paul's long fingers and arms as
 they pulled upward and twisted outward on her pain wracked and
 stretched chest..................and then bore down on his buried
 shaft with every muscle she had!

 The mouth of her puckered upward and stuffed sex slammed downward
 around the base of his engorged shaft as the once soft inner walls of Linda's
 oft used and violated sexual core and stretched birth canal began to
 close tightly and ripple continuously over the lower third of the
 growing, hot male organ.....................the upper two thirds
 pulsing inside the wet and slick depths of her deepest and
 tenderest sexual organs..........altered sexual organs that made
 ALL things SAFE!

 For ten solid minutes she stared into his eyes and urged him onward with
 plaintive pleas and entreaties............as she described to him explicitly
 what she was doing to him.......VERY VERY EXPLICITLY...................

 "MY MASTER'S COCK WILL BE FUCKED AS IT'S NEVER BEEN FUCKED BEFORE!!!"

 "...................NO, MASTER.............NO, NO, NO, NO........don't do.....
 .......TTTHHHAAATTTT.................let MMMEEE do it.......AAAALLLLLLLLLL!!!"

 "uuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhh.......hhhhhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhh.....that's
 it.......................oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh........yyyyyyyeeeeeeesssss....
 .................I can feel you growing iiiinnnnnnssssiiiidddddeeeeee
 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

 "yyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssss................ddddddddoooooooo
 iiiiiiiiitttttttttttt.........fffffffeeeerrrrrrrtttttiiiillllllzzzzzeeeee
 yyyyyyyyyyoooooooooouuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrrr slave's womb....................
 ..............fffffffffffiiiiiiiiiillllllllllllllll mmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeee
 wwwwwwwwwwiiiiiiiiittttttttthhhhhhhh hot scalding cccccuuuuummmmm!"

 And as Paul stared into her glazed, staring, lust filled eyes he felt
 his thickening, expanding and lengthening cock squeeezed and
 stroked continuously and endlessly until, with a soft groan, his
 boiling sperm shot upward from the base of the shaft.........AND
 WAS DAMMED OFF AS IT ROSE UPWARD BY TWO INCHES OF THE TIGHTEST "HAND"
 HE HAD EVER EXPERIENCED..............A WET ALL ENCOMPASSING AND
 SURROUNDING HAND THAT CLAMPED HIM LIKE A CLENCHED FIST.........AND
 SQUEEZED UNMERCFULLY..........................

 "PLEASE MASTER.................PLEASE HURT ME!.............PLEASE
 MASTER!!!!..................TEAR MY NIPPLES OFF MY BREASTS........
 ......................OHHHHHHHHHHHH MMMMMMMMMAAAAAAASSSSSTTTTTTEEEEERRRRR!!!
 ................AAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH...........MMMMMMMMYYYYYYY
 NNNNNNNNNNNNIIIIIIIIIIPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSS!!!!"
 , Linda screamed at the top of her lungs as Paul............MASTER PAUL!!!...
 ....................LINDA'S MASTER PAUL!!!!!...............inficted blinding
 punishment on Linda's grossly distorted nipples.

 He released her right nipple, and while pulling upward on the left
 one, slapped and battered it mercilessly with his now free hand........
 .......whipping the punishing finger tips back and forth across the ever
 reddening breast from Linda's flattened lower chest up to the
 base of the stretched and tortured nipple.........................

 .......................and as Linda lowered her head, pulling her
 body downward to infict still more pain, her quivering, tight,
 "shaft choking lower mouth" released his swollen shaft and let the cum
 boil upward inside of her, shivering, shuddering and moaning her orgasmic
 surrender while the muscles in her lower belly dispatched yet another
 "pleasure train" from below to meet the "pain train" coming down from
 above.......and she literally screamed.....

 "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MASTER...............OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH
 YYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS...............FUCK ME!!!!!
 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH SSSSSSSOOOOOOOO GGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDD!!!"

 "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY MMMMMMMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSTTTTTTEEEEEERRRRR!

 Paul waited until Linda slowed her screams to frenzied moaning and cooing
 and the throes of her orgasm died and then gentlely released the tortured
 nipple and its clamp......................

 Linda swiftly leaned over and slid off him, rolled onto the bed,
 struggled to her knees and with her arms bound behind her and her
 legs bound tightly in a kneeling position, hovered her head over
 the coated and still rigid shaft and began licking and sucking,
 laving and savoring the fruits of their mutual sexual accomplishments.

 When she was through, she sat upright alongside him and looked
 down lovingly into his eyes and....and licking her sperm coated lips
 continuously with her tongue.....she said.........."Yes, Master.....
 .................I think you ARE.............MY MASTER!!!!"

 Paul reached over and released the nipple clamps from Linda's
 breasts, casting them swiftly aside. He released her leg clips
 and reached around behind her where he released the clip that
 joined her wrist cuffs.

 "PPPLLLEEEAAASSSEEE MASTER?"...."Can I be put back up on that
 chain for a while???................ooooohhhhhh wwwooouuulllddd
 I lllllliiiiikkkkkkeeeeee tttttthhhhhhaaaaaattttttt", Linda hissed
 in a low throaty voice.

 Paul got up and walked to the foot of the huge four poster bed where
 he extracted a four foot long, two inch in diameter gleaming
 stainless steel pipe with caps screwed on each end and a large
 ring bolt facing upwards and downwards at its center and two large
 ring bolts extending downwards about two inches from either end. He
 walked with the strange long pipe bar to the stainless steel chain
 still dangling from the ceiling and threaded the chain through the one
 of the ring bolts that pointed upwards from the center of the pipe bar.

 Raising the pipe bar upwards as he threaded the chain through its
 upward projecting ring, he then wrapped the chain around and
 around the bar and clipped it to a link in the dangling chain
 above the bar. He wheeled around and stared at the speechless and
 panting Linda as he leaned down and dumped the contents of the
 leather satchel on the foot of the bed. Retrieving a handful of
 metalic objects from the bed, he walked over to Linda and thrust
 his hand into her sweat drenched hair and literally dragged her,
 bent severely over, to the suspended stainless steel bar.

 He released her hair, grasped her right wrist and stretched it
 upward to one of the outer ringbolts on the bar's tip where he quickly
 attached the D-RING on her wrist cuff to an outer ring bolt. The
 motion was repeated with Linda's left wrist resulting in her
 standing tip toed, almost suspended from the overhead bar, her
 arms stretched widely outward, upward and attached D-Ring to
 Ring Bolt, to the swaying bar. Paul returned to the bed and came
 back with two fairly long stainless steel chains with clips on
 both of their ends. He reached down and yanked Linda's right
 ankle upward and outward until it was about two and a half feet off the
 floor, leaving her teetering on the toes of her left foot........
 ............and then swiftly attached the chain to the ring bolt
 that held Linda's right wrist to the bar and slipped his hand down
 its suspended vertical length to the suspended chain's bottom.......
 ..........which he snapped into the D-Ring in Linda's right ankle
 cuff. Savagely, he reached down and snatched Linda's tip toeing left leg
 at the ankle and repeated the process with the remaining stainless steel,
 double clipped chain, securing her left ankle the same two and half feet
 off the floor, suspended from the left most and left wrist capturing ring bolt.

 He stepped back and viewed his efforts with a smile, as a speadeagled and
 spraddled Linda stared back at him in the throes of rising excitment, passion
 and much desired, rising pain.

 Paul walked to the bed and came back with two more long chains
 with clips on their ends, which he looped up over the straining
 and swinging bar and then carefully hooked to the D-Ring on
 Linda's thigh straps on each leg. When he was through, Linda's spread,
 still dripping, sex splayed out some three feet above the plush carpeted
 floor, her sperm covered sex and its ringed outer lips spread hugely and
 obscenely before him with her legs suspended and extending slightly downward
 from taut chains attached to her studded, tight black ankle and thigh
 cuffs and the swaying bar above.

 Satisfied with her 'position', he walked back to the bed and
 returned with a leather strapped ball gag and the much hated
 leather strapped "mouth ring".

 Linda started to protest wildly as the jerking and twisting
 motions made the bar bounce and sway in the air.

 Paul walked over to her, reached over her shoulder and grasped a
 mass of her flowing hair in his hand and turned her eyes to face
 into his................as Linda pleaded, "NNNNNNOOOOOO,........
 ........MMMMMAAAASSSSTTTTTEEEERRRR...........PPPLLLEEEAAASSSEEE!!!
 ................NOT THE MOUTH RING.............IT HURTS..........
 ..........SSSSSOOOOO MMMMMUUUUUCCCCCHHHHH!!!!............", and
 in a low moaning voice.........."It'll ruin my teeth!!!........
 ........please don't use it..........ppppppllllleeeeaaaasssseeee?"

 He tipped her chin forward onto her chest while his other hand
 dropped the two strapped silencing devices and reached upward to
 her mouth. She looked at his hand in front of his mouth and
 understood instantly............as her mouth opened and her
 tongue withdrew to help him extract her upper and lower full
 dentures from her mouth. That done, he took them over and set
 them gently and carefully on the bed. Returning, he retrieved the
 ring strap and the ball gag strap from the floor and stuffed
 first one then the other into Linda's now wide open and waiting
 mouth, and then consecutively wrapped the straps around the side
 of her sweating head and buckled them tightly over her hair on
 the back of her head.

 That also done, he returned to the bed and retrieved a smooth looking
 leather bondage hood with zippers down both sides of the face and
 others where the mouth and the eye section were firmly attached
 and closed. As he approached Linda her eyes widened in fright and
 she shook her head "NO"...............but he loosened the side
 zippers and slid the hood tightly down over her head amidst
 moaning, now totally muffled pleas for him not to do it.........
 .............and then slowly lowered the head trapping and
 enclosing side zippers one at a time down the sides of her face
 and over her jaw and on down her neck to her shoulders until....
 ..................her head was totally encased in a bizarre
 leather hood that emitted short snorting gasps of air through two of its
 four very small remaining orfices.............two small nostril holes
 positioned tightly under Linda's now totally encased nose.

 He walked around behind her and loosened the wide leather neck
 strap she'd been wearing since early in the morning and carefully
 slipped it forward out from under the base of the hood around her
 neck, then brought the gleaming stainless steel, studded, black
 strap back tightly but gently around her neck and over the hood
 and rebuckled it tightly at the back of her neck. As he finished,
 he reached down under Linda from behind and began playing with
 the mouth of her sex, her ring pierced lips and and her anus with
 his right hand......................teasing and squeezing and
 probbing her continuously as he watched her head bob back and
 forth in front of him, slowly nodding up and down.......

 He went back and retieved another short chain with double clipped
 ends from the bed and returned in front of her where he attached
 the clip to the empty ring bolt over her head, then reaching upward
 with his right hand, he thrust his fingers through a large three inch
 D-Ring mounted on the very top of the black leather hood and lifted upwards
 until the dangling clip on the end of the short stainless steel
 chain was "Click-Snapped" into the D-Ring and Linda was partially
 suspended from the long swaying bar by her upward stretched head
 and its imprisoning hood. As he stepped backwards to view her now
 totally helpless bound body in its obscene splayed and suspended position,
 he could hear her frantic and almost pleadingly pathetic snortings coming
 from the holes in the hood under her nose and could barely make
 out tortured moaning and gurgling sounds coming from her leather
 encased mouth and throat. He walked back and listened to her as she
 slowly calmed down and breathed in slower but still labored, snorting
 breaths and decided she was 'safe' for the moment, but he'd have
 to pay very close attention to her movements later as he "worked
 with her" to make certain she did not suffocate if panic overtook her
 and caused her nasal passages get blocked with fluids.

 The bondage hood covered her ears but had a small hole over
 either ear so she could hear SOME things as he wished. There were MANY
 things he did not want her to either hear or see.........just FEEL!

 Paul decided that he had better establish a "signal system" with
 Linda before they went any further. Leaning over and placing his
 mouth next to her left ear hole, he said "Now, Linda, my lovely
 and helpless 'slave', we begin! But, before we continue, there
 are some rules I want you to learn."

 "First, if you want me to stop and remove the hood and the ball
 gag, hold up one finger on each hand." "If you understand that,
 turn your head toward your left and then turn it back."

 The chained black hood and it's pretty, encased and silenced face
 turned toward him, stopped, and then turned back to face forward.

 Leaning his mouth back to Linda's left ear hole, Paul said "Second,
 if you want me to do more of anything that I am doing to you,
 hold up two fingers on each hand." "If you understand THAT, turn
 your head toward your left and then turn it back."

 The leather encased head literally flew to the left and then
 back. As Paul stood looking at Linda's leather encased face, he
 saw two fingers extended on her left hand and looking at the
 right hand, the same two fingers stretched toward the ceiling frantically.

 He leaned back over to her left ear and said "OK, pretty and
 sexually submissive.......SLAVE LINDA...........YOU ARE MINE TO
 DO WITH AS I PLEASE!............LET US BEGIN TO UNDERSTAND YOU!!!"

 Again, both hands emphatically extended two rigid fingers. As Paul saw
 them pop up, he reached under Linda and ran two fingers through
 her wet, spread slit, starting from far up behind at the base of her
 spine, down over her puckered anus over the mouth of her
 thoroughly wet and gaping sexhole and on up, slowly, into the V'ed
 hood and it's sensitive sheathed little knob. Withdrawing the
 fingers, he knelt on one knee and licked up into the flaring hood
 as Linda went berserk with moaning, gagged sobbing and pleading
 and her body bounced in the air as he continued to increase the pressure
 and frequency of his tongue "strokes".

 Linda continued to bounce and twist in her restraints as the breath
 escaping from the two small holes in the hood under her nose
 snorted rapidly and picked up in intensity.

 He finished with his attentions by thrusting three fingers up
 inside her and rotating them slowly around in a circle as he spread them
 and extended them to feel the smooth, round "mouth" of the entrance
 to Linda's now infertile womb at his probing, stroking finger
 tips. Then, he slowly withdrew the fingers and stood up. Off to the
 side, in the edge of his vision, he could see two extended
 fingers on each hand as they thrust upwards emphatically. He
 chuckled and walked over to the bed to retrieve his next series of
 "surprises" for Linda.

 Returning to stand in front of her, he reached down and placed
 the collection of items on the floor under Linda. There was one
 three inch wide black leather strap with a buckle at it's end and
 punched holes to receive a buckle at the other. In it's center
 was a very short one inch strap with a buckle at it's end
 sticking out perpendicular to the larger three inch strap and sewn
 and riveted tightly to the three inch strap. There was a fairly
 long one inch wide black leather strap with one of its ends looped over
 and sewn back into the strap so that a 'threading loop' for
 another strap was created............a loop large enough to slide
 a three inch strap through. On the other end of the one inch
 strap were punched holes to receive a buckle. There was a strange
 looking very small "clothes pin" like device which was about one
 third the size of a normal clothes pin. It was made of metal and had
 slightly ridges "jaws" at the "business" or clamping end. The
 ridges were not extreme but, none the less, THERE! There were also two
 steel "eggs" or spherical ended cylinders with wires coming out of one
 rounded end of each. The wires, about ten feet long, led to a
 small black box with three buttons and a small dial or knurled
 "tuning" knob on it. And, finally, there was a two inch in
 diameter, flesh colored, rubber male organ about six inches long
 with a set of adjustment knobs and buttons on the bottom or base
 of the device and another male organ the same as the two inch one
 except that it was three inches in diameter and abouth seven or
 eight inches long.

 Satisfied that he had "everything", Paul knelt down so that his
 knees were almost under Linda and centered below her glistening
 crotch, where he proceeded to pick up the two inch diameter male
 organ off the floor and raise it slowly upward to the puckered
 mouth of Linda's nether hole. He hesitated for a moment, and then moved
 it to her gaping sex hole where he inserted the entire length
 slowly and then withdrew it just as slowly. Satisfied with the
 coated, wet, glistening surface of the shaft, he placed the
 imitation circumcised head at the rear hole and pressed the shaft
 slowly up inside Linda until only the base and the control knobs
 were visible.

 That accomplished, and the soft dildo in place, he reached down
 and picked up the other, larger three inch monster and placed the
 circumcised headed, soft, rubber surfaced device at the spread
 mouth of Linda's now VERY wet sex and pushed it slowly up inside
 her, puckering the mouth of the wet and now contracting hole
 inward as the thick device traveled inward and upward. Once
 "seated" with only the control knobs and buttons visible, Paul
 reached down and retrieved the strange looking, little, metal, clothes
 pin like device from the floor. He extended his tongue between
 his lips, squeezed the handles on the little device together,
 and slipped the slightly serrated (but not severely!) "jaws" over the
 end of his tongue and released the handles. "OUCH!", he mumbled.

 Squeezing the handles again, he removed the device from his
 tongue and adjusted the tension spring with his fingers, then
 tried it on his tongue once more. "Better", he thought. "Just a
 little pressure and no real pain, YET, but with TIME,....YES!!!"

 Paul extended two fingers of his free hand forward and spread
 wet lips of Linda's sex. He slid his fingers upward until they
 propped open the "V" that led up to the hooded little "digit" at
 the top of the upside down "V". Inverting the little clothes pin
 like, metal clamp, he squeezed the small handles together and
 brought the clamp downward from above around the hooded digit and
 slowly released the handles. As the metal "jaws" closed around
 the now very slightly protruding button and its hood, he heard
 a quick and deep intake of Linda's breath through the twin holes
 of leather hood far above him and saw her legs begin to quiver. Releasing
 the handles completely, he picked up the remaining items on the
 floor and stood up in front of a now sweating, moaning and panting Linda.

 With his hands full of other devices, he leaned over and blew in
 the earhole of the hood and said, softly, "Like my 'attentions' my sexy,
 helpless Slave?", while watching the two fingers on each hand
 stay raised as before. They'd never gone down. There was a long long
 sigh from the front of the hood.

 Paul walked around behind Linda and slid the three inch black
 leather strap around her waist. Just before he buckled it in the
 back, he slid the three inch strap's loose, holed end through the
 sewn looped end of the long, one inch, black, leather strap, then
 tightly buckled the three inch strap around Linda's naked middle.
 The broad, black strap, wound tightly around Linda's belly and back,
 presented a bizzare contrast to her tanned flesh, especially with
 the long and narrower strap dangling down Linda's rounded rear
 cheeks almost to the floor and the soon to be filled buckled strap
 protruding downward in front, over her sweating belly button.

 He walked around in front of Linda and reached down between her legs
 between her spread cheeks and pulled the hanging one inch black leather
 strap foward between Linda's sweating cheeks with his right hand,
 while he turned the anally inserted two inch fake rubber cock on
 and adjusted it upward to it's highest setting. The reaction was
 instantaneous as Linda began to moan and bounce in her suspended
 position. As he pulled the one inch leather strap forward, tightly
 over the vibrating rear male "engine", he laid one of the small,
 silver colored, steel "eggs" with the wire leading from it on the
 strap and pulled the strap upward between the lips of Linda's now
 dripping sex, wedging the egg sideways between the two soon to be humming,
 pulsating and pistoning vibrators, in the space between her two,
 thoroughly stuffed, holes.

 As he lifted the one inch black leather strap upwards toward Linda's
 belly and the one inch buckle dangling from the three inch belly strap
 around her middle, he turned the knobs and adjusted the speed
 to its highest setting on the three inch male organ buried in
 Linda's contracting front hole. The second high speed, pulsating
 and pistoning engine brought more moans and more "dancing" in her
 suspension system from Linda. As he started to insert the one
 inch belt in the buckle above it, on Linda's sweating belly, he
 inserted the second, silver, oblong egg crossways in the wet slit
 of Linda's now vibrating and pulsating sex and snugly under the rising
 black strap between the vibrating front three inch monster buried
 to the hilt in Linda and the clamped and reddening hood and it's
 now not very protected "resident" above the droning three inch monster.
 Then, he pulled the one inch strap up tight and completed the crotch
 snugging, sex splitting path and position of the unique one inch
 leather strap that now secured five maddening devices tightly in
 the length and breadth of Linda's womanhood.

 He stepped back, the little control box...with the wires leading to the two
 buried and hidden silver, egg shaped bullets...in the palm of his right hand,
 and admired his handy work. Linda was split from back to front by
 a one inch wide, black, leather strap that pulled tightly down
 between her now straining and tensing buttocks and up through the
 spread valley of her sex.................tightly snugging, burying and
 trapping the five "presents" he had just "given" the helpless and
 moaning Linda as she hung suspended and spread in the air some
 three feet off the floor. He knelt down under Linda and attached
 the four small, gold, peircing rings through her lips to the edge of the
 wide leather straps bound around her straining thighs. Two rings were bound
 to each thigh strap by means of a small, double ended clip, each of
 whose ends captured one of the small golden rings and then pulled
 it and it's pierced, wet lip toward the thigh strap, where the
 other end of the clip was slid through a small hole punched in
 the edge of the broad, black, leather strap encasing Linda's thigh
 near her now vibrating and quaking, split womanhood.

 The narrow, black, strap continued to severely split Linda's widely spread,
 humming, pink valley and the "buried" five strange "presents" up inside her
 and through the length of her "core", while the lips of her spread pink and
 tender valley were stretched and bound to the thigh restraints by her four
 small, gold, piercing rings, two on either side of the buried and
 now darkening black leather "pussy strap" as sex splitting strap
 is sometimes called.

 Paul smiled, walked to the bed and retrieved the small, many
 thonged, light weight "pussy whip" and returned to stand just a
 foot and a half in front of a moaning, groaning Linda whose two
 fingers on each hand were still sticking up in the air very
 visibly.

 Paul began whirling the soft leather whip thongs in a circle,
 moving their sweeping, arcing tips toward the now dark and
 thoroughly wet strap blackly cutting Linda's spread sex down the middle.

 As the tips made contact with the strap and the spread, pinned
 lips, they emitted a soft "slap-slap-slap" sound and Linda began
 to go wild................moaning under the hood and trying to
 move downward and forward into the whistling, soft, leather thongs
 of the spinning, whirling small whip. As the sweat began to
 really pour down her strapped belly, Paul flip a switch on the
 little box in his hand.

 The "results" were incredible. Linda went absolutely wild......bouncing
 and swaying in her chained suspension from the overhead bar.....moaning
 and snorting like a mounted mare.............driven sexually beserk
 by the never before experienced series of simmultaneously
 inserted, clamped and placed devices in her sensitive sexual core.

 Out of the corner of his eye, Paul saw one finger extended on
 each hand and quickly pitched the whip onto the bed and unzipped
 the hood. He swiftly lifted it from her head and was greeted by
 two wide open and very glazed over eyes that glassily stared into
 his eyes with more love than he had ever seen in his life. Linda
 pushed at the ball gag with her tongue and shook her head
 indicating she wanted it out of her mouth. Paul reached over her
 shoulders and carefully unbuckled and removed the gag. It left
 her mouth and a plaintive and moaning sexy voice said...........

 "Oooooooohhhhhhhh..............Mmmmmmmmaaaaaaasssssstttttteeeeerrrrrrr!"

 "It feels sssssssssooooooooooo gggggggooooooooooddddddd!"

 "you ARE my master!!!!"

 He turned the knurled knob on the little box in his hand to
 "high" and dropped it on the floor, while advancing toward Linda.

 He kissed her full on the mouth and she rimmed his mouth, through
 the mouth ring, with her flying, darting tongue. He reached
 behind her head and entwined his fingers in her wet hair. Lifting
 her mouth off his, he watched her frantically still trying to lick
 him with her darting tongue.

 Eyes closed, she blurted............"FUCK MY MOUTH MASTER!" "PUT
 YOUR PRICK IN MY MOUTH AND RAPE IT...........ppppllllleeeeaaaasssseeee?"

 He reached under her and released the clips on the four gold sex
 piercing rings that held her drenched nether lips to the thigh straps.
 Then, he walked over and unclipped her right hand, allowing Linda to
 reach up and grasp the swinging, bounding, suspension bar. He repeated
 the action, releasing Linda's left hand, which also grasped the bar.

 Slowly Paul resumed his position in front of Linda.

 Quietly, he said, "Let go of the bar, my pretty, submissive and 'horny'
 slave".....as he grasped Linda's shoulders and lowered her carefully
 by the shoulders until she was horizontal, supported by his hands under
 her shoulders and the ankle and thigh straps chained and suspended from the
 the swaying, gleeming, overhead bar. Linda obediently let go of the bar on
 the way forward. Carefully, she reached forward and grasped for his throbbing
 erect manhood as she swung slowly downward. She wrapped one hand around the
 base of his shaft and let the other hand and arm curl back behind his tense,
 naked rear.............and then guided him slowly and carefully forward,
 inserting him effortlessly and precisely through the mouth spreading, large,
 stainless steel ring that had once, long ago, received her FIRST MASTER....
 .......CHRIS...........and welcomed him to the devouring and milking
 confines of the whores mouth and throat.........the journey that few
 woman besides Linda could confer on any man...........PROVIDING THAT MAN
 WAS A..........MASTER! LINDA'S MASTER!!!

 The "insertion", though slow and puposeful, was astoundingly fierce as she
 squeezed her drewling lips tightly closed over the advancing shaft, her cheeks
 hollowed with the increasing suction, until, at last, the nose on her bent
 back head was rubbing the thin, black line of hair rising up the middle of
 Paul's lower belly. Paul, shivered with pleasure as Linda's tongue slithered
 rapidly around and under his imprisoned and deeply buried shaft. The darting
 tongue carressed the center of Paul's throbbing, aching manhood as a pair
 talented lips closed off the base and a contracting throat began the rhythmic
 milking that would lead to a crashing join climax for master and slave alike.
 And the five devilish gifts drove Linda ever farther and faster as she forgot
 about breathing and bore down on the ultimate climax for both.

 And then............mercifully........Paul began to deliver Linda's wish.....
 ...quickly swinging the suspended, naked, sweating and bound body swiftly
 backwards and forwards on the fleshy engine as Linda's mouth, tongue and
 throat continued feverishly to seek the rising and surging tide of Paul's
 ultimate climax to a symphony of snorting, frantic gasps, lust filled
 moans, and flesh muffled screams of pure submissive, sexual pleasure
 from a wildly orgasmic and totally satisfied slave..........who had her
 "MASTER"..........HER LONG LOST "MASTER".......precisely where she wanted him!

 He fucked her this way for a long, long time being careful to let
 her breath between the vicious, slamming, long strokes deep into her mouth
 and contracting throat...........and just as he was about to come he swung her
 backward away from him making the shiny swollen head "pop" free from her
 tightly gripping lips.

 Linda's lips flew open as she screamed...."NO MASTER.......NO! NO! NO! NO!
 ...................IT'S MINE!..................I WANT YOUR COCK IN MY MOUTH!
 .........................pppplllleeeeaaaasssseeee?"

 Backing away, his reddened and throbbing shaft bobbing in front of Linda's
 face, lowered her shoulders downward toward the floor. Linda extended her arms
 downward to lower herself face down toward the plush carpeted floor, her wide
 and obscenely spread legs still swinging from the overhead bar as
 her sweating and quivering rear pivoted upwards and forwards.

 Linda continued to babble and plead and moan as Paul picked the whip up off
 the bed and, walking around behind her suspended, split legs,
 and positioned himself to resume the litany of whirling black thonged
 "lover" Linda had learned to worship and adore years ago on the
 huge stainless steel "mounting ring" with her original "MASTER OF
 THE RINGS"!.

 Paul, purposefully and systematically began whipping Linda's clenching ass
 cheeks and hugely and obscenely split sex slit as Linda went wildly
 from one terrifying orgasmic peak to another.....screaming and moaning and
 begging for more, and more and more and more.....without letup or surcease...
 ........as the two vibrating eggs, two vibrating, pulsing and pistoning cocks
 and the small metal clamp on her clit raped her ever so thoroughly and.....
 ......the whirling, slapping, black thonged "LOVER" drove Linda
 to heights only two other men........MASTERS... ......LINDA'S MASTERS!!!!...
 ...............had driven her so completely before.

 Delivering final a series of devastating and vicious strokes up
 the dripping, pulsating, strap cleaved  and  hugely split valley
 of Linda's wildly climaxing sex with the whirling "lover", Paul
 flung the slippery and dripping whip aside.................as he
 swiftly and surely reached under the sweating 'slave', unbuckled
 the drenched one inch leather strap at her panting belly and swept
 it back whipped it free up through her dripping sexual 'mouths' stuffed
 with artificial cocks and out of the valley betwwen Linda's tensed,
 spread, ass cheeks and onto her straining back. Quickly, Paul snatched
 the three inch pussy plugging cock out of its spasming hole with
 a loud slurping "POP" before the little, buzzing, silver "eggs" hit the
 floor. Driving forward with all of his weight and energy, Paul
 slammed his swollen and neglected cock into the gaping, climaxing
 hole that was Linda's wide spread pussy and fucked her unmercifully....
 ...continuously.................taking his master's "due"...............

 And as the driving shaft streaked inwards and the swinging male
 sacks slapped the soaked, split valley below.........Linda raised
 her begging, pleading entreaties to a fever pitch as she screamed
 for MORE AND STILL MORE!!!

 With one final slamming stroke deep into her, Paul filled the
 screaming and pleading sexually submissive Linda with the steaming
 product of their joint efforts, mingling spurting male cum with sloshing
 female juices deep in the depths of a well fucked cunt and its
 flooded womb.

 And Linda.....SLAVE LINDA.......rode over the "peak" and coasted
 downwards with a satisfied, final shudder and long, groaning sigh!

 As Linda lay dangling and spread from the overhead bar, her arms
 pillowing her head and shoulders on the floor, she squeezed the
 two inch artificial cock out of her ass with a loud "pop" and
 gave her Master's cock her undivided attention as her contracting
 muscles massaged the last drop of cum from his shrunken balls.

 But........to Linda's absolute wonder and amazement, her orgasmic
 extravaganza failed to significantly diminish.............and would
 in no way cease......................due to a devilish and willful
 'trick' her new master had purposely added to the panting, pleading
 sexually submissive slave's heretofore "known routines" and experiences!

 The persistant tiny metal jaws of the simple but highly effective
 device clamping Linda's still pulsing and triggering sexual stem
 and center of the source of the crashing orgasms would not allow her to
 retreat very far from the 'peak' as, 'mysteriously' and unexplainably, Linda
 continued to experience orgasm after orgasm in a continuous and unending
 string...............the effects of which had Linda viciously rubbing her
 rigid and burning pierced nipples back and forth across the
 plush carpeted floor to add the needed element of pain to the
 again rising freight train of pleasure...........thus driving the
 orgasmic string onward and upward..............ENDLESSLY! And not
 until the tightly and wetly clasped Paul chose to reach under the
 pleading, begging and panting sexual submissive........his complete
 and total SLAVE.....................would Linda be able to retreat
 from the realm she so thoroughly and completely LOVED..........a realm
 she, now, no longer could control...................AN ENDLESS REALM
 OF WILLING, PLEASURE AND PAIN FILLED, ORGASMIC, SEXUAL SLAVERY AND
 TOTAL SUBMISSION...............a realm Linda entered willingly
 with only a VERY FEW MALES................"SPECIAL" MALES!

 LINDA WAS, AT LAST......AND AGAIN........."HOME".................WITH
 HER TRUE AND NEW SEXUAL MASTER!!!!

 And it felt......GOOD........ssssoooo ggggoooooooodddd!!!! As she
 pleaded endlessly for it NEVER EVER TO STOP!

 (And that is how Paul became Linda's NUMBER THREE AND LAST REAL MASTER!)

                        End of Part 2 - Chapter 2




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


                           Part 2  -  Chapter 3

    MASTER PAUL LETS LINDA DOWN...........SLOWLY.........FINALLY!!!

 As Linda hung from the overhead heavy "trapeze bar", attached to it by the
 chains attached to her ankle cuffs and thigh cuffs, shivering and quaking in
 her continuous orgasmic orgy, her pierced nippled breasts rubbing
 back and forth across the plush red carpet of the master bedroom
 and her pleading, begging and moaning hoarse voice entreating
 Master Paul to give her more......MORE......M-O-R-E...............

 .............Master Paul reached under her slick, wet and dilated
 sexual "mouth" and grasped the small, carefully placed little metal
 alligator clip that squeezed her tortured and hooded love button
 ever so firmly, but not savagely, and started to release it........

 .......Linda began to scream and plead with him..........."NNNNOOOOO
 .......MMMMAAAASSSTTTEEERRRR.........NO, NO, NO!!!" "PLEASE DON'T
 DO THAT TO MMMMMMEEEEEEEE!...............PPPPLLLLEEEAAASSSEEEE LEAVE
 IT ALONE..............PLEASE????".....................

 Shaking his head, Paul backed away from her and watched her gyrating
 and trembling through her orgasmic wonders............a continuous
 and triumphant parade of pure sexual gratification that never
 deminished and simply went on and on and on.....................

 .....the sweating, shaking, squirming sexually submissive and "conquered"
 LINDA looked over her shoulder and under her suspended shaking
 legs at Paul and very lowly and huskily said.....................

 .........."PLEASE, MASTER PAUL...........'FIST' ME!!!!..................
 ....YOUR SLAVE NEEDS SOMETHING INSIDE OF HER....PPPLLLEEEAAASSSEEE?"....

 Shaking his head in absolute amazement and wonder, Paul returned
 to his former position behind Linda, between her hugely splayed
 and suspended naked legs, where he inserted the fingers of his
 right hand into the wet, black depths of the contracting vaginal
 passage and, curling them together with his thumb curled into the
 palm of the now pointing hand, he thrust steadily forward sinking the
 extended hand deeper and deeper inside the panting, moaning Linda....
 ...until the last of the thumb disappeeared from view and the wrist
 slide inward and downward.........................................

 .................as the finger tips touched the mouth of Linda's cervix
 Paul opened the imprisoned hand and formed a firm fist, then rotated his
 hand and wrist from side to side inside the stretched, contracting and
 releasing passage, wet with orgasmic juices........................thinking
 back, to himself, of the few times he'd done this to any other
 female, Slave or otherwise......and remembering the 'request'
 they'd made for him to do it and then the catterwalling, pleading
 crys as it was slowly accomplished...............but NOT LINDA.....Oh no......
 ....NOT LINDA!!! She just moaned a gave a satisfied sort of
 grunting sound as the hand bottomed out..............

 Once the fist was closed tight inside of Linda, Paul began to
 pull backward, dragging the now wildly screaming and sobbing Linda
 backward across the bright red carpet on her flattened chest and the ringed
 nipples and their firey breasts....................................

 ..............pulling the fist up into and through the spreading,
 stretched passage with a suctioning, slurping sound until it came
 free with a loud......"POP"..............covered with the slick,
 hormone rich coating of a bitch in heat........................a smell
 that drove Paul nuts with desire.......................even now after
 all Linda had done to 'satisfy' his 'needs'............

 .............. and Linda continued to scream and cry estatically and
 wildly with every ounce of sound her vocal cords could develop
 after the long orgasmic seige...................................

 And then the sound level died to a low slow............."AAAAHHHHH
 YYYYEEEESSSS MMMMAAAASSSSTTTTEEEERRRRR.............SSSSOOO........
 ..........GGGGOOOOOOODDDD...........SSSSOOOO.....SSSSTTTTRRRROOOONNNNGGGG!!!"


 ................."YOUR SLAVE HAS BEEN PUNISHED MASTER PAUL..............
 ......SO WELL PUNISHED................SIR!!!"

 Then and only then did Paul reach swiftly under the still quaking
 and dripping spread hole and remove the small metal clip from
 its imprisoned small button.....................................
 ...............which brought an..........."OOOOOHHHHHH MMMMYYYY
 GGGGOOOODDDD...............I'M CCCCCUUUUUUMMMMMIIIIINNNNNGGGGGG
 MMMMMAAAAASSSSSTTTTTEEEEERRRRR!!!!"

 ..........standing three feet behind the sweat coated spectical of
 Paul's life time, he thought to himself............"you've got to
 be kidding, Linda...............what the hell was all the rest of
 that continuous wild 'show'????" In time he would learn that
 Linda did things "differently" from other women in the orgasm and
 climax categories..............VERY VERY DIFFERENTLY!!!

 .....shaking his head, Paul step forward and unclipped first the
 ankle cuffs and then the thigh cuffs and lowered one leg and then
 the other to the carpeted floor.

 Once freed from her suspension, Linda rolled onto her back and
 stared up at him with those big brown loving eyes and ran her
 tongue around her wrinkled lips..............."SIR, MAY YOUR
 SLAVE HAVE HER TEETH BACK, PLEASE MASTER" came the somehow funny
 plea from the exhausted, wet woman sprawled on the carpet in
 front and below him. He obliged by going to the bed and
 retrieving the false teeh which he gingerly and gently handed to
 the cow eyed Linda, who slipped them quickly into her mouth.

 "Tell me something, Slave...........how did you manage to lose
 your own teeth?", Paul asked her.

 "Aaaahhhhh, MMMMaaasssstttteeeerrrr, do you really want to know?"
 questioned a far less submissive Linda.

 "Yes I do, Slave...........tell me!"

 "Its not what you're thinking Paul,......really it isn't!"

 "Linda, don't tease me or play with me!.......what happened?"

 "Well, while I was in Parkersburg, at Chris' Place, my mouth got
 really really sore and stayed that way for about a week; Chris
 got concerned and took me to a doctor who immediately put me in
 the hospital", Linda explained. "After a lot of tests and
 mumbling among themselves and with Chris, the doctors told me I
 had cancer in my mouth............the jaw bone(s).......and places
 like that!" "I raised holy hell and broke down and cried for a
 whole day as they ran more tests and took a lot of X-rays of my face."

 "Two days after they told me about it, they wheeled me into an
 operating room and put me out. When I woke up I had no teeth and
 my mouth and whole face and neck burned like fire. They kept me
 sedated for a week to lessen the pain........and it did!"

 "Finally, Chris told me they had removed three fourths of my jaw
 and cheek bones and some other stuff along with all my teeth. But
 he said they were pretty sure they had gotten all the cancerous
 stuff out of me, but that I was going to have to take X-ray therapy
 for a while to make sure that it didn't come back. But, he and
 they told me they had rebuilt all my jaw and facial bones with
 some stronger artificial stuff so that I would look
 normal....better than normal, in fact....AND THEY WERE RIGHT....I
 DID", she explained to Paul.

 "For three months I was sick as a dog and couldn't keep any food
 down as they bombarded me with that goddamn 'cannon'. But it did
 the trick and I'm 'cured' now, Paul........aren't you glad?"
 Linda asked in a very sexy and yet somehow still a 'little' servile
 and subservient way.

 "Uuuhhhhh, hhhhuuuuhhhh.............you better believe I'm 'glad',
 Linda.................but doesn't it bother you to have lost your
 teeth at such a young age and been so close to dying", he asked.

 "It did at first........but I discovered that I could 'surprise'
 my lovers the way I did you today.......MMMMAAAASSSSTTTTEEEERRRR
 PPPPAAAAUUUULLLL!!!!" Linda said in a low, slow, sexy throaty
 voice that was not in the least submissive, now.

 "How many women have given you a 'head job' the way I did to day,
 Master?......eh?" "I can slick your cock so smoothly and grip it
 so tightly with my lips and gums that you can't cum until I
 DECIDE YOU CAN, MMMMAAAASSSSTTTTEEEERRRR PAUL," Linda hissed up
 at him almost defiantly. "I'm the best 'blow job" artist there is
 in the world,.............SSSSIIIIRRRR!" (again, the defiance).

 Looking down at her with disapproval, Paul bluntly said "AND YOU
 ARE ONE GODDAMN DEFIANT, DISOBEDIENT, BITCH OF A SLAVE RIGHT NOW......
 .............LINDA..............MY LINDA!!! What the hell am I
 going to do about you?"

 She looked up at him, still defiant, and said......"guess you'll
 have to 'think of something' for 'next time' to 'punish me',
 won't you........MMMMAAAASSSSTTTTEEEERRRR PPPPAAAAUUUULLLL?????"

 And, with that, Linda got up from the floor and strolled into the
 bathroom. As she closed the door behind her, she looked over her
 shoulder and winked at him with a very wicked grin on her face.

 Thirty minutes later, Linda was gone and Paul had packed all the
 stuff away in to leather cases and let him self out of the
 apartment which belonged to one of his unmarried partners in the firm.
 On the way out through the lobby he stopped in the building
 managers office and asked about Penthouse Apartment Number Four
 down the hall from where he and Linda had spent the whole day.
 By the time he left the building, he had a receipt in his hand
 for the deposit on Apartment Four and the first three months rent
 and a one year lease agreement in his suit coat pocket, with an
 option to buy into the Condo, either by buying Penthouse
 Apartment Four or another of his choosing during the year lease period
 with all the "rent" applying toward the purchase.

 A rather pooped and sagging Paul wandered into the office just
 before 5:00PM, just in time to be paged to the telephone.........

 When he picked up the phone and said "hello".......a low,
 throaty, sexy voice whispered back in his ear..................

 "IS MY MASTER HAPPY WITH HIS NEW SLAVE?............DOES HE THINK
 SHE NEEDS MORE PUNISHMENT, MASTER..................SIR?"........

 "Yes, Slave......................she definitely needs more
 punishment and I'll tell her where and when when I'm ready..........
 ..........and only WHEN I'M READY!" he said firmly and hung up
 the phone.

 "Aaaahhhhh, its started in earnest", he though, as he started to
 jot down a list of people, companies, equipment and tools he was
 going to need to "fix" up Penthouse Apartment Four the way HE wanted
 it. He'd have to 'supervise' a lot of the "finish work" himself to keep
 from causing a lot of raised eyebrows and talk about the
 place....but he'd get it done in a month or two,.....of that he
 was sure. In the interim, he'd stone wall the sexy, pushing Linda,....
 ......SLAVE LINDA.........until he was ready. AND, he'd stop by
 that damn lounge frequently for very short periods of time, not
 close to quiting time, to tease the hell out of her and make her
 more obedient and ever more frustrated so that the next time he
 "had her"...........in HIS OWN "playroom"...........she'd learn
 something about him..............a lot!!! Though Paul doubted
 that he could ever really make Linda genuinely fearful or scared......
 ............and he really didn't want to try. But if he could instill
 and element of uncertainty in the thing, he just might be able to
 give Linda something she wanted and hadn't had for what was
 probably several years now.

 He was damn sure going to try!!!!

 The day after the "session" with Linda in the Penthouse Apartment,
 'Master' Paul received a photocopy of a poem in the mail..........
 ...........it came in a plain, white, small envelope with his name
 and the company Post Office Box address written on the front in
 beautiful, obviously feminine, scrolling handwriting...........
 ........with a hand drawn, beautiful, spread winged butterfly on the
 back, covering the whole flap. There were two "pins" drawn in the
 butterfly's wings sticking it (her?) to the envelope flap!

 Inside was this poem:

                       "SLOW ME DOWN, LORD"

              "Slow me down, Lord."

              "Ease the pounding of my heart by the
            quieting of my mind"

              "Steady my hurried pace with a vision of
            the eternal reach of time."

              "Give me, amid the confusion of the day,
            the calmness of the everlasting hills."

              "Break the tensions of my nerves and
            muscles with the soothing music of the
            singing streams that live in my memory.
            Help me to know the magical, restoring
            power of sleep."

              "Teach me the art of taking minute
            vacations - of slowing down to look at a
            flower, to chat with a friend, to pat a dog, to
            read a few lines from a good book."

              "Slow me down, Lord, and inspire me to
            send my roots deep into the soil of life's enduring
            values that I may grow toward the stars
                      of my greater destiny."

 In the same  beautiful handwriting as the address on the envelope
 there was a short note at the end of the peom which read:


            "for the 'minute' vacation,.....THANK YOU!"

            "for expectations of things yet to come,.....THANK YOU!"

            "But most of all, I humbly THANK YOU for being MY MASTER!"

                                        //s// "THE BUTTERFLY"


 Paul gazed at the poem and the note and read it over and over.
 "so it begins," he thought to himself,......"the 'Lady' has class,
 and then some."

 And, indeed, as it turned out, "THE BUTTERFLY", Slave Linda, DID
 have class even in the worst of surroundings and situations......
 .....and perhaps, in retrospect, that may have been somewhat of
 an UNDERSTATEMENT, from Paul's viewpoint, when it was all over
 and Linda, beautiful Slave Linda, THE BUTTERFLY, was gone....FOREVER!

 In the weeks that followed the arrival of the "letter" from the
 "BUTTERFLY", Paul busied himself with "fixing up" Apartment Four
 in the Penthouse high above the hustling and bustling downtown
 streets and the river. He hired trusted, skilled craftsman whom
 he knew well from his design firm and their contractor bidders
 and projects. There were no plans, per sei,.......just daily
 instructions from Paul............but the Apartment was "redone"
 in a manner befitting Paul's "tastes".

 His workmen friends probably thought he was a little touched in
 the head because of the color schemes and strange things he had
 them build and all the sound gear and electronic stuff he had them
 install in the high ceiling rooms (10 to 12 feet floor to ceiling
 in most places). They were all amazed at the automated piece of
 "artwork" he had them install, in the center of the "Living Room",
 in the center of the "Fountain" they had constructed for him with
 it's sprays reaching upward from the terrazo pool and downward
 from the mirrored ceiling above.

 They stood in awe of the strange eight foot in diameter stainless
 steel "rings" that were centered and pinned in the floor and
 ceiling in the center of the fountain. When the tiny black
 control box was used, the rings would rotate, one within the other
 and between floor and ceiling at whatever speeds the operator of
 the controls wanted. Very slow or very fast.

 For a piece of "artwork", they certainly were heavy enough, they
 had all agreed. Paul had directed them on the fittings to receive
 the rings and then when all was ready, he had showed up one
 morning with three workmen lugging the two rings into the
 apartment in quarter pieces each. They spent all day with special
 welding rod and welding equipment welding each ring together from
 four separate pieces, in place, in the midst of the center of the
 fountain. The next day they test ran the controls and all worked well,
 as the water cascaded down and shot up around the rotating, gleaming,
 heavy, stainless steel rings. They had all agreed they were
 'unusual' and actually, sort of 'beautiful', in their own way.
 If only they had been allowed to see the 'final addition' to the
 'rings' they would have, perhaps, harbored other opinions and 'feeling'
 about the 'rings'..........AND 'THE MASTER OF THE RINGS'!!!!

 At the end of that day, with all the workmen paid off and gone,
 Paul walked through the rooms of the apartment and examined the
 various decorations and color schemes he had ordered installed,....
 .......and especially the many strange "devices" he had had
 placed throughout the apartment.

 The living room had the famous "rings" in their "fountain" with a
 mirrored ceiling and a side "swing wall", between the living room
 and the rather large and well stocked kitchen, that rotated in panels
 so that it was white on one side and black on the other. As Paul
 pressed the control button that reversed the wall and made it
 black, he reminded himself that he and Marla,....the bitch Mistress
 friend of Linda's he'd met in the lounge one night, right after the
 "session" down the hall in the "borrowed" apartment......that
 Marla was supposed to be making a trip out of town to get the stuff they had
 designed and their friend with the saddle shop had agreed to make.....after
 a measuring session with Linda in his shop several weeks back.

 The bare black wall didn't look very good without it's "adornments"!
 He would fix that, later tonight, in the wee hours of the morning, with
 Marla's help. Marla was fairly drewling over the prospects.......eager to pitch
 in and help so she could participate and satisfy her special "needs".

 It was going to be an interesting next few days Paul thought to
 himself as he reversed the wall to white again to contrast with
 the two other black walls and the mirrored glass windows that
 covered the other, outside wall. He walked over and pushed a
 button on the wall opposite the now white one and the wall
 rotated in very small, shutter like, horizontal panels, until
 they were perpendicular to their original position and a mirrored
 plate glass surface could be seen behind them, fully exposed.

 He smiled as he strolled through the door into the master bedroom
 and gazed through the clear plate glass wall he had just exposed.
 From the bedroom side you simply were looking at the living room
 through a shuttered glass partition and could clearly see the rings in all
 their living splendor. He picked up a second control box on the
 night stand and pressed two buttons and then watched the rings
 begin to rotate slowly around and around and one within the other.
 Satisfied, he pressed two other buttons on the control box. The
 rings stopped.

 Picking up another control box from the night stand, he pressed a
 button and the huge king sized bed that had been about three or
 more feet off the red carpeted floor, posts set solidly in the
 floor and anchored solidly in the ceiling,.......the surface of the
 large bed sank slowly toward the floor exposing a large stainless
 steel ring bolt set in each post, but previously hidden by the
 raised bed, since they faced diagonally inward, across the bed
 toward each other. He stopped the bed and went to examine the
 ring bolts. They were set in tracks on the face of the large
 wooden posts so that they could be slid up and down from floor to
 ceiling along the length of the post. He pushed the release
 button under one of them and slid it clear to the ceiling, then
 returned it to it's original position and released the button.

 Stepping back, he pushed anther botton on the control box and the
 ringbolt began to rise on its own. Satisfied, he pushed another
 button and returned the ringbolt to it's "normal", "hidden"
 position (when the bed was raised, which it was not,
 now....having lowered until the surface of the bed was only twelve
 inches off the floor). He pressed another button on the box, and
 the bed began to rise toward the ceiling, passing the ring bolts
 and stopping only when it was about twelve inches from the high
 ceiling. He pushed the "normal bed position" button and watched
 the bed lower to a "normal" old fashioned, three feet or so off
 the floor and stop. He put the control back on the table and
 walked over to the bedroom wall that had on it a large, lighted, glowing
 butterfly painted on a coal black background within a glowing circle
 surrounding it. On the wings, body, head, and lower part of the
 butterfly were slots in pairs that formed the outline of a human body.
 Taking another control box from its wall holder next to the
 circle and butterfly, he pressed a button marked OUT. The Circle
 separated itself from the wall and moved outward into the room.
 When fully extended, on a hydraulic ram mounted in the center
 back of the eight foot circle, the butterfly was a good five feet
 straight out from the wall. He pressed the "TILT" button and the
 circle laid backward until it was horizontal and laying down on
 the ram a little over four feet off the floor.

 "Now, that", Paul thought to himself, "IS A MASTERPIECE!" And
 indeed it was.............with the "slots" positioned from the
 body measurements his Saddle Shop friend had given him after the
 measuring session with Linda a few weeks back. When the wide
 black straps the saddle shop was making were inserted through the
 slots "somebody" was going to BECOME A VERY HUMAN, VERY TIGHTLY BOUND,
 "BUTTERFLY"...............he couldn't imagine, "WHO"!

 He hit the RESET button and the wall returned to "normal".
 He pressed the button marked ROTATE and the circle and butterfly
 rotated 360 degrees with the butterfly being upside down,
 sideways and right side up through the rotation cycle. Paul smiled.
 Placing the control device back in its holder, he walked to the
 other opposite wall and as he walked out the door he hit the
 button to close the shutters on the plain glass/mirrored
 (depending on which side you were standing - bedroom/plain side or
 living room/mirrored side!) living room wall. He turned to the
 right, down a short hallway and opened the door into the bathroom.

 The huge, deep, sunken tub (which doubled as a "Hot Tub" and
 "Whirlpool" affair with water jets and air jets along it's
 circular walls) dominated the bathroom. There was a toilet and a
 strange looking additional fixture beside it. And there was a
 large vanity with three sinks. The ceiling had all kinds of doors
 and ringbolts visible in it. The large blank wall opposite the
 vanity, toilet and other "device" looked very plain......the wall
 between the bedroom and bathroom. But a touch of the button by
 the door revealed yet another shuttered mirrored wall, plain
 plate glass on the bedroom side and mirrored on the bathroom side.

 But the dominant feature of the bathroom was the huge butterfly
 within the circle on the wall opposite the entry door, over the
 huge eight foot sunken tub. Paul took a control box out of its
 holder and ran that wall "decoration" through the same "paces" as
 the bedroom wall, only, this time he hit the LOWER button and the
 hadraulic ram and butterflied horizontal eight foot circle sank
 slowly downward to and then into the tub, all the way to the bottom.
 Satisfied, he hit the RESET button and walked out of the
 bathroom, turning the lights off and closing the shutters as he left
 and closed the door.

 He was whistling to himself as he entered the large, dimly lit
 living room............Just as the phone rang in the kitchen on
 the other side of black paneled living room wall. He strolled
 into the kitchen and picked up the phone...................

 "Sherwood Forest!......Robinhood speaking!", he answered with a chuckle.

 "Paul, is that you?", came a husky, female voice over the phone.

 "Yeessss, Marla, its me?" "What are YOU up to?"

 "Just got the Van back from the custom shop.........THEY DID IT!.....
 .......JUST LIKE YOU ASKED!............You're going to LOVE IT, Paul....
 ............MASTER PAUL!!!..............I do!!!.........MY GOD IS
 IT 'NEAT'", she exclaimed breathlessly.

 "Oh course it is, Marla.......my six years in engineering college
 and twenty years experience in the 'field' guaranteed THAT!",
 Paul sighed in frustration.

 "Smart Ass!", came the reply.

 "Paul, how's about we meet at the Lounge and see how 'our girl'
 is doing?"

 "You go ahead. I've got to take care of some things, first. Did
 you make the trip out to the saddle shop and get all the gear?"

 "Uh, Huh..........you didn't tell me you PREPAID for all that stuff.
 I was scared to death he was going to want cash."

 "It's all covered Marla.......did you run it against the order
 sheet and check list?"

 "Yah,.....it's all there.....and he threw in some neat extras
 you're gonna love!...........MAN, will you love em!!!....I think
 Dave finally got in the 'swing a things'"!!!, she practically
 shouted over the phone.

 "OK, I'll see you between midnight and One in the Morning at the
 Lounge.....Linda IS working tonight isn't she?" he asked.

 "Yup, and Johnny is out of town in Pittsburgh, working for three more
 days, until Friday night...........and my sister is over at Linda's
 place watching Tamara.........'for the night'......" She said
 with a anticipating, sly connotation and inflection to her voice!

 "OK, Marla, I'll see you later..........everythings set and a
 'GO' here!" Paul said and hung up the phone.

 "Yah,.......it sure as hell IS!", he thought to himself as he
 reached into the refrigerator and extracted a can of salt free
 Diet Rite Cola................"it sure as HELL is!!!"

 He sat down at the kitchen breakfast bar and thought back several
 weeks to the events that had introduced him to Marla and the
 long, carefully planned 'event' that was about to take place in
 this "apartment" in the wee hours of tommorrow morning and on
 into the next three whole days.




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


                          Part 2 - Chapter 4

        LINDA TENDS TO MASTER PAUL'S 'NEEDS' AS THE 'BUTTERFLY CAGE'
                                IS BUILT
                 (and MISTRESS MARLA comes on the 'scene')

     After the long, all day session with Master Paul in the Penthouse
     apartment, Linda spent a lot of time just dreaming about him and
     about her next 'session' with him (if, in fact, it ever
     'happened', which she prayed and hoped it did). She absolutely
     KNEW there would be a 'next session' if she had ANYTHING to say
     about it and she set about making very sure that Master Paul
     understood, PRECISELY how much she wanted a repeat.....no, not
     REPEAT......BETTER!..... performance set up.

     Laying in bed, after she had gotten off work, the night of that
     fateful day Slave Linda and Master Paul had 'played together' for
     the very first time, Linda tried to think of something she could
     say to Paul...Master Paul......or send him......that he would
     really appreciate and that would say what she wanted said in a
     nice way. She decided on sending him a copy of her favorite poem
     "SLOW ME DOWN, LORD" and added some pointed comments at the end
     of the page along with a drawing of a butterfly, a wall pinned
     butterfly, spreadeagled across the back of the envelope flap in
     brilliant colors.

     Laying there in bed, she also reflected on how blunt he'd been
     when she'd called him at his office around five o'clock. Was he
     losing interest in her? Or was he, perhaps, a bit fearful or
     maybe even 'sickened' by her 'performance' today? It wouldn't be
     the first 'would be Master' who had gotten 'cold feet' after the
     first real encounter with her and her strange tastes and extreme
     tolerances to high levels of bondage, physical and sexual punish-
     ment and just plain pain. She'd 'lost' a dozen or more such
     squeemish 'masters' whom, once she started 'training' them and
     familiarizing them in her REAL wants, needs and desires, had
     backed away from her for good. Paul......MASTER PAUL......didn't
     seem like that type to her, she reflected, while laying there in
     the bed that night.

     Linda finished the 'letter', put a stamp on it, got up and put
     her robe on, walked down the stairs, out the front door and down
     the street to the mail box on the corner. The cool sidewalk felt
     good on her bare feet as she stood in front of the mailbox under
     the street light and read the 6:25AM pickup time on the box. She
     chuckled as she realized that if Paul was going to get this
     'letter' today, the U.S. Postal Service's vaunted "in by 9 out by
     5" boast would be put to the test really well, today. Glancing
     down at her watch in the dim light, she saw it was 3:22AM and,
     with a yawn, inserted the 'letter' and headed back down the
     street, padding along in her bare feet, to the house to get some
     much needed sleep. She was very stiff and not just a little sore
     from the hours of 'love making' and 'special treatments' she'd
     gotten from and given to her new found, she hoped, Master Paul.
     That and the five hour dancing session had made her vow that
     she'd never ever again try to 'get back to normal' so quickly
     after a 'session' with MASTER PAUL.

     When she got back to the bedroom, Johnny had come to bed from the
     front room couch and started his 'twenty questions' routine with
     her. God damnit, that pissed her off. He could stay out and play
     around all hours of the night (and day) with whomever he wished
     and she was supposed to keep her big mouth shut and not question
     him or bug him about it. Like tonight, for instance. She'd walked
     in the door from work at 2:20AM and he was asleep on the couch
     with Gina,from the lounge.....asleep, HELL!......he was sprawled
     over the top of her spread legs (one foot on the floor and the
     other hooked up over the couch back) where he had obviously
     'died' after doing his usual thing, with a blanket only partially
     covering his bare, hairy little ass. She'd left him to sleep it
     off still 'in the saddle' and had gone to bed, mad as hell that
     he pulled such crap with Tammara in the house. Johnny could do
     anything he wanted as far as she was concerned, just so long as
     he didn't do it in front of her eight year old pride and joy.
     Tammara WAS NOT going to end up being a 'Linda'.....no way was
     she. Not if Linda had anything to say about it, anyway!

     As Johnny pressed her about 'her day' Linda got really mad at him
     and gave him holy hell about nosing around in her life and the
     goddamn double standard 'you fucking male egotists' maintain when
     it comes to what you can do as opposed to what your socalled
     women are allowed to do. Linda effectively fended Johnny and his
     questions off and settled in to her side of the bed, ignoring his
     continued drunken bitching and protesting. Finally the booze and
     the nights 'play' activities got the best of him and he fell off
     into a sound sleep, snooring up a storm.

     Linda lay there thinking back to Paul and the 'session, re-
     creating all the events of the day in her mind. As she mentally
     walked herself back through this first, learning and teaching,
     session with Paul....MASTER Paul.......she could feel herself
     getting aroused.

     "Damn", she thought, "I'd sure like to have Master Paul alone
     with me in that 'basement room' and 'slave palace' back in
     Parkersburg.....he'd have a ball with me and I could really teach
     him about what 'makes Linda tick'.......LINDA THE SLAVE!.......".
     Linda kept thinking and dreaming of Paul....MASTER Paul.......
     .....being the 'Master of the Rings' and of her being back in
     their clutches and in HIS......until the thoughts made her
     hornier and hornier and she finally got up and went in the
     bathroom to satisfy her 'problem' by fingering herself vigorously
     while squeezing and pulling her nipple and its ring with her free
     hand. She worked herself to a credible climax and 'sort of'
     orgasm and then went back to bed and fell asleep.

     Two and a half hours later, Linda pulled herself out of the bed,
     shut off the alarm clock, and went downstairs to make breakfast
     and pack lunches for Johnny and Tammara. She kicked the sleeping
     whore on the couch out the door and got her two 'troops' off to
     work and to school. When she was sure they were both on their way
     and long gone, she picked up the phone and dialed Paul's office.
     The receptionist answered the phone and she asked for Paul in the
     formal, business "Mr." terminology. She was informed that he was
     out of the office for the day on a project and wouldn't be back
     until late, if at all. Did she want to leave a message? "No, I'll
     call back tommorrow", Linda had told her. The receptionist
     informed her that he would be out of the state for two weeks,
     starting tomorrow, and probably couldn't be reached in person
     tomorrow or for the next two weeks. Was she sure she didn't want
     to leave a message?

     "No, that's OK," Linda said, disappointment probably showing in
     the tone of her voice and voice inflections, "I'll try in couple
     of weeks. It's really not THAT important that I reach him, thank
     you." She hung up and sat there thinking that she just HAD to see
     him sooner than two weeks from now. She wanted to find out, for
     sure, if he'd 'accepted' her strange appetite for sexual and
     physical abuse and bondage and her extreme need for sexual
     submission.

     "Of course he has", she thought to herself. "Otherwise, why in
     the hell would he have brought all that bondage and punishment
     equipment to the Penthouse Apartment with him and 'done her
     thing' all yesterday if he hadn't?".

     "Oh well", she thought, "I may as well get some more sleep. I
     have to work the next three days and nights at the lounge from 4
     to 7PM and 9PM to 2AM."

     That afternoon, while Linda was up on the stage dancing the
     second number of her three number set, around 5:30PM, she saw
     Paul.....Master Paul....come through the door and head for the
     empty seat at his favorite end of the bar. Linda turned on the
     'moves' and started dancing like she had a reason for doing it,
     instead of just 'playing at it' to tease the customers, the way
     she had been doing, up until then. Paul seem to be ignoring her
     at first. Not looking at her and not even acknowledging that she
     was there, dancing. Linda glanced straight down at him and got no
     reponse. She picked up the pace and still....nothing. The second
     song ended and the third began......"You Light Up My Life"......!
     When she started to move and the words started flowing from the
     speakers, Paul looked up at her, in the mirror, and smiled.....a
     big, bold, kind-eyed smile that made her warm all over. She
     turned away from him and, looking carefully back into the mirror
     to see who was watching besides him ......(no one was....they
     were all watching her gyrating butt....as usual!).........Linda
     looked back at her MASTER's eyes in the mirror and ran her tongue
     around her lips twice, then pulled it back into her mouth and
     finished the rest of her songs by placing her hands in obvious...
     ...(to her and her Master, ONLY!).......very brief 'psuedo
     bondage positions', some with her feet and arms spread out wide
     imitating a bound spreadeagled and splayed or exposed position...
     .....the "mounting ring" position.  Linda even inserted the
     psuedo 'effects' or 'reactions' of being hit with a cat or cane
     as she positioned herself spreadeagled and 'reacted' to the
     phantom 'punishment' from a whistling, oily, masterfully wielded,
     multi-tailed lover. Her Master just watched her eyes in the
     mirror, nodding his 'approval' to each new 'position' and the
     effects of the phantom punishment. No one else in the place
     really caught on to what was going on and certainly not why.

     As she started down off the stage after that, her third and last
     number of the set, Linda looked over her shoulder at him and was
     met by those kindly, pale blue eyes staring back and a big broad
     smile.

     She walked around the bar and made her 'rounds', stopping to talk
     with the regulars and then wandered over to the far end of the
     U-shaped bar and slid quietly into the chair along side her blue-
     eyed, bearded, tall, new master.......MASTER PAUL.........whom
     she had chosen to be her THIRD REAL MASTER.

     He turned and stared into her eyes............Linda.....Slave
     Linda........just sort of 'melted' inside and slid down in the
     highbacked swiveled bar chair along side him..............and
     lowered her head and her eyes so that she was looking up at him
     from a 'humbled' position...............

     Paul turned around and looked at her downturned head and upturned
     eyes with a stearn look on his face........and Linda slid further
     down into the chair, lowered her eyes, rotated the chair toward
     him and spread her stocking legs out wide on either side of his
     chair. She took her hands off the chair arms and slid them behind
     her back and clasp them there.......and said in a low voice,
     "is.......MY........MASTER.....in need of his....SLAVE.......
     again, SIR?" with the emphasis where it BELONGED, as she had
     learned long ago.

     "Ummm, Hummmmmmmmm.........he has all kinds of needs,......
     ...SLAVE!", ......."and is the pretty, misbehaving, 'untamed'....
     ....SLAVE LINDA.....PREPARED....to saftisfy those needs?"......
     .......or is she still thinking of only herself and her inconse-
     quential needs.........?", came the low and demanding reply from
     Paul.

     Without hesitation, Linda replied in a low voice, eyes and head
     still lowered, legs splayed out around his chair and hands clasp
     in the small of her back behind her....."Ohhhhhhhhh...........
     ..........YYYYEEEESSSS............MMMMAAAASSSSTTTTEEEERRRR......
     .....she most DEFINITELY............IS!!!!", came the emphasized,
     low, slow and drawn out reply from Linda,.....without hesitation.

     Paul looked around the lounge and saw that no one was watching
     them and noted that there was no one on their side of the
     U-shaped bar. When he had assured himself that no one could see
     what he was about to do to Linda, he carefully and deliberately
     leaned slightly forward toward her, sliding his right hand up her
     hose covered left leg, over her thigh and patted the crotch of
     the bikini dancing costume.....and then, slowly and in a low
     voice said........"I'm going to have a 'surprise' for you...
     ...SLAVE.......one of these days......very very soon..........a
     REAL surprise......one that will make you all wet and keep you
     that way for a long, LONG time.........perhaps, even PERMANENTLY,
     when you think about it....which you will.....all the time......
     ....would you like that, .......BEAUTIFUL BUTTERFLY?............
     would you like having your 'wings' pinned by your....MASTER?....
     .....so you can REALLY...........FLY?"

     The hand slid flat over her dampening dance costume crotch piece,
     fingers aimed downward between her quivering cheeks and tightened
     so that he was 'gripping' her in a most obscene (but unseen, by
     anyone else) way...........and he slid the thin bikini strip
     covering aside and thrust three fingers into her wet sex and then
     spread them, stretching her further open...............and slowly
     slid the fingers in and out while watching her sheepish, up
     turned eyes gaze at him with increasing lust and desire.........

     Removing the fingers, he pulled the cloth strip back over her
     teased organ and then gripped it and slid it back and forth
     through the valley he had just briefly 'plundered'............

     "Indeed, I have a REAL surprise for you, beautiful BUTTERFLY.....
     .....and one you will TRUELY love with all your being....and,
     perhaps, FEAR, with part of that being.......also.........is that
     what you wanted to hear, BUTERFLY?......does that 'turn you on'?,
     he asked her ever so gentlely but ever so firmly.

     "OOOOHHHH.....YYYYEEEESSSS,.....MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR......ummmmmm,
     yyyyeeesss.............I LLLIIIKKKEEE surprises from my........
     .......MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR!!!, " Linda responded in a low throaty
     voice, staring alternately at what his right hand was doing and
     then into his pale blue eyes and literally melting into the high
     backed seat as her hormones flowed wildly and she got wetter and
     wetter with each tensioning of that cloth strip being dragged
     back and forth over her splayed and spread nether lips.

     Satisfied that he had stirred Linda up sufficiently, Paul with-
     drew his hand and turned back toward the bar. Linda remained
     where she was, taking in small, barely audible gasps of breath as
     she tried to calm herself down.

     Looking over his shoulder at her trying to 'get herself
     together',  Paul asked her quite matter of factly, "Would you
     like a nice cool drink, Linda?.......to slack your thirst and
     cool you down a little bit?..........BUTTERFLIES DON'T 'FLY' IN
     BARS,....YOU KNOW?"

     Linda took a few seconds to come around to a normal response mode
     and then said quietly...."yes, PLEASE,.....SIR.....a J&B on the
     rocks with a twist will do fine,....PLEASE.....",and very quietly
     and subdued....., ".....MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR, SSSSSSIIIIIIRRRRRR?"
     as more of a question than an answer.

     He ordered two J&B's on the rocks and when they came he and Linda
     sat quietly, a little ways apart, facing the bar, and talked
     normally for about fifteeen or twenty minutes,......his necessary
     'reinforcing' completed and the Master/Slave relationship
     satisfied for the moment, at least. Linda asked him to stick
     around until her shift was over at Seven O'clock. Paul said he
     had a better idea and would come back to meet her for a quick
     dinner in between shifts. He asked her if she'd like to eat at
     the Chinese Kitchen about two and a half or three miles away.
     Did she want to meet him there?

     Linda told him she didn't have the car....Johnny had it out
     whoring around again.......she'd had to ride in to the Lounge
     with Tina, one of the other dancers......and that she was going
     to have to ride back home with her later tonight when she got off
     work. Paul told Linda he'd meet her out front of the Lounge at a
     little after Seven.......say Seven-Ten? She said that was fine
     and they sat there and talked about 'little things' for another
     fifteen or twenty minutes until Linda had to get up and play her
     next set of three songs. As they talked they had stared into each
     others eyes lovingly and gentlely, each savoring the presence of
     the other as if there was no tomorrow. The words didn't much
     count.....it was the proximity and the 'looks' that mattered...
     and they both knew it.....WELL!

     When Linda got up, she stepped toward Paul and leaned over so her
     mouth was an inch or so from his ear and said.......These three
     are for you, Paul.....MY MASTER PAUL...........THE 'BUTTERFLY
     COLLECTOR'............these are JUST FOR YYYOOOUUU,...........
     ............MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR!!!" and then turned an walked
     away toward the juke box.

     And....INDEED......they WERE!!!

     ..........along with all the 'hidden' gestures, motions and
     positions........which Linda weaved into her dancing for her
     Paul.........her MASTER Paul..........in a most imperceptible
     way........through those three very 'special' numbers..........
     .......her eyes continually locked on his when she was facing the
     mirror..................... When she finished she got down and
     started to walk around the huge U-shaped bar toward him.........
     ..............but he was GONE!

     At 7:10PM, on the button, Linda came out of the front door of the
     Lounge in her halter top, shorts and sandals with her large brown
     purse slung over her shoulder and headed for the far back row of
     the parking lot and the big idling Lincoln Town Car sitting there
     with its blue eyed, bearded driver slid down in the driver's
     seat, head back against the head rest, eyes closed.............

     Linda opened the door and slid in onto the front seat, setting
     her purse on the floor in the middle of the car, and shut the
     door quietly. Paul didn't move.

     Linda swung around to face him and pulled her legs up on the
     broad seat under her and let them spread out as wide as the seat
     would allow. Settling back down on the seat, her behind now
     lowered to the seat surface beteen her spread legs, she lowered
     her head in the now familiar 'humble' position and gazed upward
     at Paul.....Master Paul.....and said........................

     "...........ummmmmmmm, I think my MMMMAAAASSSSTTTTEEEERRRR may
     need something besides 'food' to satisfy his...............
     ...........HHHUUUNNNGGGEEERRRSSSS.............doesn't he.......
     .................MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR????"

     Paul raised his head up off the head rest and turned toward her.
     Looking sternly into her downcast eyes, he put the big car in
     gear and eased it out of the parking space and out through the
     lot toward the street. As the car turned onto the side street
     that led back to the parking lot and lounge, Linda slid forward
     on the seat until her knees were against his leg, keeping her
     head down and her eyes humbly focused on her Master in the
     process........

     She reached down with her right hand and slid the zipper on his
     slacks all the way down, carefully and skillfully unbuckled his
     belt, unbuttoned the top of his slacks and peeled them back to
     either side of his hips and then pushed his shorts down his hairy
     lower stomach and reached under them and gentlely retrieved his
     growing shaft, while tucking the top of the shorts beneath it and
     the two loose sacks under it. Paul smiled, but said nothing
     whatever, concentrating on the driving as best he could.

     Linda lowered her eyes to concentrate on the object of her hand's
     attentions.........as she circled the base of the growing member
     with her thumb and forefinger and applied gentle and then firmer
     pressure and then  began to stroke him in short half inch to one
     inch slow motions. As the car sped down the side street with its
     'preoccuppied' driver, Linda slowly lowered her head until her
     lips were a fraction of an inch above the rising flesh and
     carefully and gentlely inserted her tongue into the small split
     at the top of the head and moved it back and forth.......then
     retracted the tongue and sighed............"ummmmmmmm, ssssoooo
     GGGGOOOOOOOODDDDDD"............followed by a return of the
     darting tongue which this time rimmed the head and began licking
     the underside and its 'channel' that lead to the split opening in
     the head.................................

     Paul took a deep breath and tried to concentrate his clouding
     eyes on the road and the approaching stop light at the main
     thoroughfare leading to the Chinese Kitchen a couple or three
     miles down the road.....but said nothing to her....nothing at
     all. The pressure caused by the thumb and forefinger ringing the
     base of his cock and the shorts pressing his balls up against the
     rising shaft was driving him quickly upward into a sexual frenzy,
     not to mention the 'attentive' tongue that now swept over the
     shaft with skillfull and deliberate teasing.............and the
     hot breath of the perpetrator of all this 'attention' blowing
     ever more strongly on the increasingly wet shaft............

     As the car came to a halt at the traffic light turning red, the
     laving tongue retreated, wetting the lips positioned just a
     fraction of an inch above him...............and then slowly the
     brown haired head sank downward and the now rigid shaft slid
     gently through the gripping lips until it was totally contained
     within the attentive mouth with it's constantly laving and
     swishing tongue and the grasping, gulping throat that now had a
     firm lock on the sensitive head..............................
     .............and Paul realized that somehow Linda had gotten her
     teeth out of the way and was smooth lipping and gumming the base
     of his cock just above the ringing thumb and finger............
     ...........Linda, moaned deep in her throat and increased the
     attention she was giving the 'best part' of her Master.......
     and began slowly and then more quickly to raise up and lower back
     down onto him, increasing both the length and the tightness of
     the stroking with her ringing lock at the base................

     The thirty second light changed but the big car stood still....
     .....an angry horn sounded from behind, causing the 'distracted'
     Paul to release the brakes and hit the accelerator.......as the
     car advanced into the intersection.................

     When the traffic coming through had cleared, the horn sounded
     from behind again and Paul swung the car into the east bound curb
     lane of the main thoroughfare..............while the 'busy' Linda
     took note of none of it all and continued to increase the
     pressures and the frequencies of the now wild 'strokes' being
     administered to Paul's expanded and stiff shaft............the
     moans and the snorting intakes of breath between insertions and
     releases of the head in her throat increased continually as she
     began skillfully to draw his seed upward from the trapped,
     squeezed sacks............................................

     At the next stoplight about a mile or so down the road, the car
     slid to a screeching halt.............and the 'attentions' in
     Paul's 'lap' increased ten fold as Linda brought him screaming to
     a full climax before the light had changed.

     Paul moaned loudly and gasped as his sperm rose up into Linda's
     rising mouth and the gripping lips.....................and Linda
     stopped her upward motion with her lips locked around the
     underside of the swollen, spurting head............slashing the
     expert tongue back and forth across the spitting, open slit and
     pushing the fluid she was so skillfully 'milking' from him off
     into her cheeks to wait for her later attentions.............

     When the light changed, Paul was coming back down from his 'trip'
     and managed to get the car underway and headed down the road
     reasonably straight................while the ministering Linda
     continued to 'catch' and 'store' the milky, tangy fluids in her
     mouth.

     Paul took his hand off the back of the seat and lowered it to the
     top of Linda's sandy brown head and gentlely stroked her hair as
     the collecting tongue and trapping lips continued their task.

     A half a mile further down the road, the lips loosened and the
     head rose upward until he was again free of them............and
     then tilted sideways and lowered slowly, allowing a darting
     tongue to bath and clean the reddened shaft from top to bottom as
     a pair of eyes with a curious, loving look stared up into Pauls.

     He alternated between watching the road and watching the loving
     eyes stare up at him as the tongue continued its chosen
     'cleaning' task. When she was finished, Linda raised her head up
     and carefully released the still rigid shaft and began gentlely
     returning it to it's 'resting place', carefully inserting her
     fingers in the waistband of his shorts and freeing the now tight
     and compact twin fleshy globes and sliding them gentlely back
     into their 'place'.

     She lifted outward on the shorts and brought them upward to their
     normal position with the back of her hand while the palm slid
     smoothly along the length of the shaft, and stopping, patted the
     head, which was now laying against Pauls hairy lower belly, still
     erect and still VERY sensitive. He gave a slight jerk and went
     through the throes of yet another post orgasmic ejaculation.....
     ....which Linda took note of by scooping the milky fluid up with
     her fingers and then raising them to her lips and licking and
     sucking them clean, not ever blinking her eyes or their gazing
     stare off of his eyes..............

     Once cleaned, the fingers returned to pull the flaps of his
     slacks back together, pull up the zippper, button the button at
     the top and reinsert the belt loop in the buckle and tighten it
     and lock it to the position where it had been and belonged.

     All that skillfully and completely done and accomplished, she
     raised the still wet hand and stroked the beard on the left side
     of his face as she began to tilt her head backward, inches from
     and to the right and in front of him.............
     ...........where the lips parted and the tongue emerged covered
     with his seed and rolled slowly back and forth, savoring its
     coating..............and then retreated as the head tilted
     further back, eyes still on his, and the throat muscles began to
     devour the tangy product of her efforts.

     As the careful and sexily articulated swallowing process pro-
     ceeded Linda let out a soft............."ummmmmm, my Master's cum
     tastes so good......................so very very GGGOOOOOODDDD!"

     Paul gazed at this self styled SLAVE through clouded eyes and
     said, ....."my God, woman, I could have wrecked the car!....What
     would people have said finding us locked together that way
     smashed into another car or a telephone pole?"

     The quiet reply from the lowered head, his hand still resting on
     top of it, downcast eyes, servile and humble, came lowly an
     slowly out of the still sticky wet lips.........................

     "MY MMMMAAAASSSSTTTTEEEERRRR handled his 'duties' and his......
     ........OBEDIENT SERVANT AND SSSSLLLLAAAAVVVVEEEE handled hers,
     ........MASTER!.............now one of my Master's 'hungers' is
     satisfied and his Slave has had her favorite 'appetizer' before
     dinner!"

     Paul looked into the pitifully loving and admiring eyes and
     smiled, emitting a long surpressed chuckle as he did. "Yes,
     Linda.............you ARE.............DIFFERENT! Very, very
     diferent."

     She tilted her head back upright and turned it sideways toward
     his extended arm where she kissed the hairy forearm and licked it
     lovingly for a few seconds and then turned back to say........

     "I've wanted to do that to you since the first time I saw you,
     Paul........my Master Paul! You do taste good and you're such a
     complete joy to love and attend to......................you
     really are! Is that the first time anyone's ever gotten you off
     while you drove down the road,..........MASTER?"

     "Ummmm, Hummmmmmmm.......... the VERY FIRST TIME,....lovely
     Slave!"

     The drive into the restaurant parking lot approached on the
     right. Lowering his other hand to the wheel from the top of
     Linda's head, Paul turned in, sped to the back of the parking lot
     and parked the  car. Once the ignition was off, he turned toward
     Linda and looked at her..............

     Linda had slid back across the seat and was again perched in the
     spread legged, behind on the seat, head lowered and eyes downcast
     position. Quite the humble slave, once again, spread open and
     awaiting her master's orders...............OR ATTENTIONS........
     as he might choose. The position she now occuppied became a
     'normal' 'resting position' during all of the times they played
     together from then on. When she was on a floor or a bed, she
     could manage to keep her knees and legs far far apart, spreading
     herself open and ready for him in the process.........she did it
     with ease, with skill and in a way that invited his attentions.
     AND,.......she always put her hands and arms behind her back,
     locked hand gripping forearm to hand gripping forearm......
     without ever EVER being told to do it. From that day forward, it
     was just something she did automatically when they were alone...
     any place.

     Paul looked around outside the car and, seeing no one in sight,
     reached over and pulled the halter top upward above her breasts
     exposing the pert orbs and their ringed nipples. He teased the
     pointed ringed objects with his finger tips, with both hands and
     circled them carefully and gentlely.

     Continuing to play with her this way, he raised one hand to her
     downturned mouth and inserted his index finger between her lips
     where the still sticky tongue laved it and carressed it carefully
     and dutifully, her eyes still downcast and not daring, now, to
     look up at his.

     As Linda stared downward at his fingers playing with her, she saw
     them withdraw and the hand turn backward a few inches from her
     teased breast. She gave a quick snorting intake of breath just as
     the finger tips shot toward her stationary breast and nipple.....
     .........but never flinched when they connected..........just
     moaned and sucked and laved harder on the finger in her mouth.

     The hand punished both breasts and their nipples mercilessly for
     a full thirty seconds or so while she watched through glazing,
     glassey eyes. Then they stopped and the finger withdrew from her
     suctioning mouth.

     "THANK YOU, MASTER." was the only thing that came from Linda's
     mouth.

     A forefinger and thumb approached each nipple, raised the rings
     to horizontal and grasped each nipple from the top and bottom, as
     a moaning and humming sound rose in Linda's throat.

     As they tightened down on each nipple, the sound rose in pitch
     and a hisssssing "ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh................." could be
     heard from the downward pointed mouth and head.

     Paul held her tightly that way for another thirty or forty
     seconds and then released his grip...........which brought a
     hissing....  ".............uuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.........."
     from her lips.

     "One of these days, Slave, I'm going to put that ring back in
     your nose and wire those nipples of yours back up the way they
     belong", Paul said to her softly.

     "YES, MASTER," came the reply and nothing else.

     "And one of these days I'm going hang you up and punish you until
     you beg me to stop.......absolutely BEG me to quit.....SLAVE!",
     Paul told her in a more firm voice this time.

     "YYYYEEEESSSS, MMMMAAAASSSSTTTTEEEERRRR!" came the obedient
     reply.

     While Paul was doing all this he was watching her spread crotch
     where the shorts were becoming darker and darker from the
     increasing flow of 'juices' brought on by his attentions.

     He reached forward and unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts and
     then thrust his hand down her lower belly, palm inward and began
     playing with her wet lips and their wetter 'contents' and
     fingering her four 'cunt rings'................slowly bringing
     her breath to a fever pitch and causing her to emit passion
     filled moans and sighs. When he had gotten her to a frenzy of
     sound and breathing he again grasped the nipple with his free
     hand and squeezed it tightly...........and then turned his hand
     slightly to add a torturing, twisting motion to the already
     horrendous punishment he was inflicting.....................

     Linda let out and "OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YYYYYYYYYEEEEEEESSSSSSS
     MMMMMMAAAAAASSSSSSSTTTTTTTEEEEEETRRRRRR............" groaning
     moaning scream and shuddered to a climax as he thrust his fingers
     deep inside her.

     As the orgasm died away, he let go of her nipple and removed his
     wet hand from her shorts. As the hand rose, Linda lowered her
     head and licked his fingers clean of herself...........laving and
     tonguing every last drop from his fingers and hand.

     As he withdrew the now clean but wet hand, she said only one
     thing:

     "THANK YOU,..................MASTER."

     He raised her bowed head up with his hand and kissed her full on
     the lips after which he said,..."you're MOST WELCOME.....SLAVE!"
     And then pulled her halter top back down and zipped up and
     buttoned her shorts for her. Linda remained, kneeling and spread
     with her arms clasp behind her the whole time.

     Paul reached into her purse, extracted her full dentures, tilted
     her head back and as Linda opened her mouth, he carefully
     inserted them. She positioned them with her tongue and again
     lowered her head.

     "Linda, I'm building you a 'BUTTERFLY CAGE'............a very
     SPECIAL CAGE with all sorts of terrifying and new equipment to
     teach you how to BEHAVE...................for this, your THIRD,
     and I hope, LAST..............MASTER", Paul told her matter of
     factly.

     "YESSSSSSS, MASTER", came the only reply.

     "Tommorrow, at One O'Clock I'll take you out to get measured and
     'fitted' a 'friend's' saddle and leather shop for some SPECIAL
     EQUIPMENT I have in mind for you, SLAVE."

     "YESSSSS, MASTER", came the answer, again.

     "Will you be ready for me to pick you up at One tomorrow after-
     noon?"

     "Yes, Master".

     That out of the way, Paul tilted her head back with a hand on her
     chin and kissed her wetly and longly on the lips, inserting his
     tongue in her mouth and having it greeted by its eager counter-
     part on the other end. Paul withdrew, finally, and reaching
     around Linda, he lowered her clasped arms and pulled her hands in
     front of her where he gentlely raised them palm up and kissed
     each palm, licking it gentlely as he did and then set them on the
     seat between her legs.

     "Now, Linda, my love......the LOVE OF MY LIFE..........let's go
     eat chinese food, shall we?"

     "Yes, SIR!........your slave has worked up QUITE AN APPETITE
     after her SPECIAL APPETIZER a while ago", she said with a silly
     smirk on her face.

     "I'll bet SHE HAS", Paul replied.

     During dinner, Linda told him that her friend Marla was coming by
     the lounge tonight and wanted to meet him, if he didn't mind.
     Paul querried her about Marla but all he got was that Marla was
     'special' to her just as Paul was.....only different....and that
     Paul would 'enjoy' meeting Marla, she was sure.

     When they got back to the car and started toward the lounge at
     about 8:30PM, Linda slid over on the seat next to him as he drove
     out of the parking lot. She leaned over and put her mouth next to
     his ear and whispered.............."I LOVE YOU, MASTER.....I
     really and truly do..........and I want you to be my PERMANENT
     Master........to learn me....to teach me.........to take me and
     enjoy me..... to punish me when I'm BBBAAAADDDD...............and
     make me do what you want me to do.....MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR!.......
     ........does my Master understand what his Slave is saying?"

     Paul merely nodded and she licked his ear as she placed her hand
     gentlely between his spread legs...............then carefully wet
     his ear with her tongue and blew in it gentlely before saying...

     ".......and I can make you sssssooooo hhhhhaaaaappppppppppyyyyy,
     MASTER..............so very very happy."

     Paul sighed and said......"Not AGAIN, you she devil of a slave
     witch!  You'll wreck the car and get us both killed!"

     She continued to lave his ear with her tongue; darting it in and
     out and breathing on the wet surface as she slowly stroked his
     manhood through his pants causing what Paul had thought was a
     spent cock to begin rising once more to the careful attentions
     being lavished on it. The thing had a 'mind of its own' when
     Linda started attending to it...........one that she very
     obviously controlled when Paul let her......and he was not in a
     mood to stop her just now.

     "Come on, Linda, you sex crazy bitch slave..........you ARE going
     to get us both killed if you keep that up", Paul told her.

     "Then may your slave make a slight 'suggestion' and suggest that
     you find a place to pull off the road for a while.........since
     she still has about twenty minutes to serve him................
     .......if my MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR, desires 'service'........SIR?..
     .......to satisfy what seems to be his....ENDLESS HUNGER!!!" she
     said softly into his wettened ear.

     Paul glanced around and saw a row of darkened buildings off on
     the right, then quickly turned off the thoroughfare onto the
     service road in front of them and slid the big car in behind them
     up next to a vacant loading dock and hidden from prying eyes.

     As soon as the car came to a stop and Paul had turn off the
     ignition, Linda said, "Please slide over in the passenger's seat
     .....Master......SIR!" Paul started to slide over as Linda
     unzipped her shorts, slid them down her legs onto the floor, and
     then turned around, knelt down on the floor facing the seat and
     hiked Paul's right leg over her head and down on the seat so she
     was between his spread legs, kneeling on the floor of the car,
     facing him. She carefully unzipped, unbottoned and unbuckled his
     slacks, once more, except this time, she slid the slacks and his
     shorts down his legs, over his knees and down to the floor where
     they stayed around his ankles.

     Linda quietly pushed him back and reclined the seat, and then in
     the broad but dying daylight, made careful and thorough love to
     him on the front seat of the car..........leaving nothing out as
     she went about her slave maiden's subservient duties of 'servi-
     cing' him one more time.

     In the end, after licking, sucking and laving him to another
     raging hardon, while pleading with him that she was 'just doing
     her full duty as his slave and handmaiden' to avoid being
     'punished' as an unattentive slave, Linda had slid up on the seat
     facing him, swung her bent leg over his lap, and slowly lowered
     herself down onto his standing, swollen shaft until she had it
     buried full length inside of her and was staring into his smokey
     eyes from inches away.....................leaning over him.

     Linda kissed the end of his nose and then snuggled in tight to
     him and ran her tongue up and down his neck, finishing by trading
     a long, tongue involved kiss on his lips and then drew back a
     ways and raised up slowly until the head of his shaft was gripped
     in the mouth of her talented 'pussy'..............while moving
     her arms to the horizontal, behind the back, 'slave position' she
     had assumed on the seat next to him earlier.

     She lowered her head and cast her eyes downward as she began a
     slow descent down the length of his throbbing member with the
     tight sheath and its convulsive but controlled contractions and
     relaxations. In the 'slave position', this time straddling her
     MASTER in the slave's spread legged position, arms locked
     horzontal behind her and with her MASTER's shaft buried deep up
     inside her for her slave's careful sheathing and attentions, she
     'serviced' him.

     As Linda worked in her humbled, bowed position to slowly and
     methodically sheath and unsheath his member in it's spread open
     and survile 'scabbard', offered without word or comment by the
     'servicing' slave, Paul reached behind her and locked her arms
     together with a large hand as he whipped the halter top up off
     her heaving breasts and began punishing the ringed nipples in
     earnest.

     "AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH........................." came the
     hisssing moan from the downturned face as he jammed her arms
     upward to lift her up on the shaft and then dropped her to plunge
     back down...............and, with the other hand dealing fearful
     punishment to the exposed nipples at the same time..............

     ......AND.....AGAIN....THEY 'FLEW'.......TOGETHER.......Linda to
     the combined sex and pain orgasm and Paul to levels of pleasure
     and a climax he had never known before............especially on
     the front seat of his own car (or anyone else's, for that
     matter!), without the 'aid' of a single human hand and little if
     any 'normal' motions of standard sexual intercourse.......except
     at the very end when Linda felt him cumming inside her and rose
     up until he almost slipped out of her........and then drove
     fiercely downward slamming into his legs...........and repeated
     that process so that she quickly unsheathed and then resheathed
     the spurting shaft with a tight gripping skill and the driving
     'strokes' that took every ounce of Paul's 'need' from him and
     left him thoroughly spent. He had ceased to punish Linda's
     reddened breasts and nipples when she had let out a wild panting
     scream and shuddered to her orgasm almost simmultaneously with
     his.

     When he got his breath back, Paul reached up and yanked Linda's
     head backward with a firm grip in her sandy brown hair and stared
     into her eyes lovingly and said stearnly........."my little slave
     bitch, you are in for a real 'session' in the very near future...
     .....one you will never, ever forget and always remember......no
     matter where you go or what you do.............SOON, SLAVE....
     ....S-O-O-N........your every pore in and every hair on your body
     and your every move will be mine to do with as....I......WANT...
     ..AND PLEASE......to punish unmercifully and ruthlessly......and
     to extract the utmost of obedience............DO YOU UNDERSTAND
     WHAT I AM SAYING TO YOU..........BITCH SLAVE?"

     "YYYYYYEEEEEESSSSSS.............MMMMMMAAAAAASSSSSSTTTTTTEEEEEERR
     RRRR!" came the reply as those words and those words alone
     brought the still 'mounted' Linda to another shuddering mini-
     orgasm.

     Paul watched her 'spend' herself as she stared downward into his
     eyes and shivered in satisfaction and fearful anticipation of the
     promised events to come.

     After a couple of minutes of staring at each other, still
     sexually joined, Linda raised up off Paul's still stiff shaft and
     slide back down on the floor on her knees, where she again leaned
     forward and cleaned his glistening cock with her tongue until it
     was devoid of the sticky fluids, and again, with an obscene look
     on her face, exhibited the mouth full of cum and made a another
     great production of swallowing it.

     Linda restored Paul's clothing carefully and lovingly and lifted
     his right leg back over her head. Paul slid into the drivers seat
     behind the wheel and started the car as Linda pulled herself up
     onto the passenger seat, turned facing him and knelt down on the
     seat in the spread kneed, ass cheeks on the seat, arms clasped
     behind her back and head bowed position. Her halter was still up
     off her breasts and her shorts were still on the floor as Paul
     drove out from behind the buildings and back to the Lounge.

     When he had parked in the back row and turned off the engine,
     Linda took her left hand from behind her back, eyes still
     downcast and head bowed, and with her hand, grasped his right
     hand, and guided it to the middle of her spread legs and began
     slowly and methodically to insert his fingers in her and dip out
     the products of their love making from deep inside her..........
     then raising the hand to her lips, she cleaned it slowly and
     lovingly with her tongue and returned the hand to get more. This
     process was repeated a half dozen times until she was satisfied
     she had the job completed, after which, she returned his hand to
     his lap.

     In continued silence, Linda removed the other hand from behind
     her, pulled her halter down, then turned around and put her
     shorts back on. She slid her feet into her sandals, picked up her
     purse, opened the door and stepped out into the parking lot.
     Paul watched the door close and Linda walk across the parking lot
     to the Lounge. It was 8:55PM.

     Paul sat there for a long while, perhaps 15 or 20 minutes, smoked
     a cigarette and relaxed while he contemplated the past almost two
     hours of 'unusual' occurrences with Linda....Slave Linda.....and
     then decided he'd go in the lounge and have a few drinks to relax
     further and contemplate further his new 'slave acquisition' in
     person.........and see what her 'coming down' reactions were. He
     was curious beyond belief about her moods, modes and personal-
     ities that she seemed to turn off and on at will.

     When he entered the Lounge, the bar seats were all full, includ-
     ing his favorite end seat, so he walked to the rear of the Lounge
     and took a seat in the last booth on the wall opposite the bar
     and dance stage, next to the hallway to the back door and the
     restrooms.  The juke box was on the other side of the hallway.
     His booth and it bracketed the hallway on either side. He sat
     down in the booth seat up against the back wall and slid into the
     corner so he could see the whole place from that far, back,
     corner seat. It was then that he noticed a little short guy with
     a beard sitting in his 'usual' seat at the bar, talking to what
     looked like a bunch of construction workers sitting in a row next
     to him.

     About that time, B.J. stepped up to the booth and asked him what
     he wanted. "A J&B on the rocks, please", he replied.

     "You're new here, aren't you?", B.J. asked.

     "Uhh, Huhhhh............started coming in here about three weeks
     ago.......nice place.....even nicer people!", Paul answered.

     "You're kinda 'sweet on' Linda, aren't cha?", she asked.

     "And you're kinda nosey....aren't cha, B.J.?", he replied.

     "Soooo, you know my name, do ya? Know how I got it,......BIG
     BOY?...PAUL..........seeeee.......I know your name too!", she
     shot back.

     "I've heard how you got it,......but seeing and feeling beats
     'hearing',B.J., my love!"

     She shrugged and started to walk away, but turned back......"by
     the way, Paul, that's Linda's HUSBAND Johnny sitting over there
     in.....YOUR........SEAT....and those are his carpenter buddies!"
     ............and THEN she walked away.

     Paul eyeballed the little guy sitting in his 'normal' seat and as
     he did,he saw a tall, very well formed woman with black hair and
     a dark complexion wearing a black pair of slacks, black blouse
     and black leather jacket come through the front door and walk all
     the way across the room to the dancers' dressing room door in the
     other back corner of the Lounge opposite where Paul was sitting.
     She open the door to the dressing room and disappeared inside.




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


     Part 2 - Chapter 5

     A VISIT TO MISTRESS MARLA'S "CASTLE" AND ELSEWHERE

     Paul sat in the dark corner booth in the back of the Lounge and
     watched Linda's husband and his friends over in the seats at the
     bar.....one of which was his favorite seat when Linda was
     dancing. As he surveyed the scene and took note of the burly
     construction types with Johnny, he saw the dark haired statuesque
     woman in the black leather outfit come out of the dancers'
     dressing room. She walked briskly across the back of the Lounge
     room and approached Paul's booth purposefully.

     "Hi, Paul! I'm Marla. Linda tells me that you and I have a
     'mutual interest' in her."

     "Oh? While you're sitting down, how about explaining that?"

     "I have a better idea, Paul. How about you and I taking a walk
     outside and a short ride so I can show you some things I think
     you might be interested in.....just show, Paul...JUST SHOW!!!"

     "What do you have in mind, Marla. I'd sort of like to stay here
     and watch Linda dance."

     "We can do that later, Paul. I promised Linda I'd drive you over
     to my place and show you something she and I own together."

     "Such as?"

     "I don't want to talk about it here Paul.....drink up and let's
     go......I told Linda we'd be back in an hour or two......by then
     the 'little, smug asshole' and his rowdy buddies will be gone...
     I hope!", Marla said, tilting her head toward the bar and Johnny
     and his friends.

     Downing his J&B on the rocks and leaving a five on the table,
     Paul got up and followed Marla from the back of the Lounge out
     through the front door.

     Marla turned toward him when they were outside and extended her
     right hand, saying, "I'm MISTRESS MARLA, Paul.....MASTER PAUL...
     .....and it appears that Linda.......SLAVE LINDA....is our shared
     'charge' and mutual 'plaything'".

     Paul looked into her cold, calculating face and deep and even
     colder cat green eyes,......and then he smiled and said, "Well
     I'll be damned! So Linda has a MISTRESS, does she?".

     "Uh, Huh.....a DAMN GOOD ONE, Paul....MASTER PAUL! Let's take
     your car, shall we? We're going to my place."

     They walked over to the Lincoln Town Car, parked in the back of
     the lot, where Paul opened the door for Marla and she got in and
     smiled up at him as he closed the door.

     After he got into the car, started it and had driven out of the
     shopping center parking lot, Marla said "Linda is really
     'thunderstruck' by you, MASTER PAUL. She's thinking about little
     else but you lately, big, mean, Master!"

     "Yah, I kinda gathered that was the case, Marla....MISTRESS
     MARLA! And I also have a feeling that hubby has gotten the
     'message' somehow, also?"

     "You're right; he has! Linda generally tells him everything, ONE
     WAY OR ANOTHER......almost always. He's good at getting it out of
     her, Paul."

     "Mind telling me 'how' and 'why'?"

     "No, not at all. She either tells him or when he finds out by
     himself, those guys who were with him tonight take Linda
     downstairs in their basement and strap her into what Johnny
     refers to as 'Linda's fucking machine', after which they take
     turns ass and cunt fucking her while she sucks another one of
     them off. Johnny watches. I have a key to their house. After we
     get done at my place we'll take a drive over to their house and
     I'll show you it and explain how it works. Before they strap her
     into the 'machine', Johnny always makes her dance for them and
     strip naked in preparation for the machine. That sometimes can
     go on for and hour before they get around to 'saddling up'.

     Linda says she hates it because it's so demeaning and they're so
     rough with her.......but I think other wise, Paul."

     Paul sat there behind the wheel and mulled over what Marla had
     just told him. He had suspected that Johnny was a little, shall
     we say, 'unusual', but the son of a bitch was turning out to be a
     14 karat shit! "Fucking Machine, eh?" Paul thought to himself. "I
     wonder how often that happens to her?" he said out loud.

     "Not very often, Paul......she really does HATE it....the whole
     sick scene........but only because it's in their home and because
     Tamara is almost always there when they take 'mommy' to the
     basement and lock the basement door. Tamara can hear them in the
     basement but she can't see what they are doing. She asks Linda
     lots of questions about it, though...later."

     "That's SICK, Marla!"

     "Uh, Huh....I agree....but that's the "price" Linda's going to
     pay for messing with you every time Johnny catches her at it and
     she hasn't told him about it."

     "Has she told him yet?"

     "Nope!"

     "Think she will?"

     "Nope!"

     "Think he'll find out?"

     "Yup! He suspects something NOW! But he's not sure. He brought
     those rowdy sons a bitches with him tonight to the Lounge to
     'remind' her a bit. She's a wreck. Especially since she saw you
     in there when they came in. I agreed to get you out of there so
     she wouldn't be tempted to dance in any special way like she's
     been doing for you lately."

     "You know about THAT, Marla? How?"

     "I was in the Lounge one night when you two were 'going at it'
     hot and heavy and saw the, shall we say, 'attraction' between
     you.  I can't say that I either approve or disapprove. Right now
     I'm a little jealous about it all."

     "I don't think I even have to comment on that 'jealous' thing, do
     I, Marla?"

     "Nope! But I'm going to fix that, TONIGHT, so we are sort of
     'partners' instead of competitors, MASTER PAUL (with emphasis).
     That way, I can cover for her all the time because Johnny
     approves of ME and she can always say she's at my place. He knows
     she has to have what she has to have. He just wants only certain
     'types' giving it to her. You don't qualify, Paul. Not in
     Johnny's book you don't!"

     "Why's that?"

     "You're male, pal. No male messes with her without permission..
     ...except the Lounge Crowd.......and then only because Johnny has
     aspirations of becoming a mafioso type.....that and the fact that
     he's scared shitless of them. He'll let that 'ride'. But you? NO
     WAY, JOSE'!!! If he finds out, she'll spend the night in the
     basement getting screwed half to death while he watches.  Over
     and over again. And she knows its coming if she gets 'caught'
     with you."

     "Well I'll be Goddamned! No wonder she's been so damn skittish
     and half in a panic. She NEVER told ME!!!"

     "No, and she probably still won't....that's why you and I are
     going for this ride.....so you know the 'score' and play it
     'safe' for her sake."

     "'Safe' meaning I quit seeing her and 'playing with her', Marla?"

     "No way.........MASTER Paul!!!! No fuckin way! She made her
     choice the first time she saw you in that crumby Lounge. She just
     wants you to understand the 'score' and not take stupid chances
     that will get her half fucked to death again."

     "It's happened before, I take it?"

     "Yup, a few times. Not many, but a few. She got it because of
     me."

     "I thought you said he didn't mind WOMEN messing with her?"

     "He doesn't......as long as she tells him before she does
     it....she forgot that little detail in my case....and got worked
     over for two nights and a day. They started on her at 3AM on a
     Saturday morning and kept it up until 8AM Sunday Morning. Then
     Johnny made her take Tamara to church down the street at 10AM."

     "Real cute.....real damn cute! The guy must be a real son of
     bitch, Marla?"

     "He is THAT....but he loves her in his own way."

     "What's Linda got to say about all this?"

     "Not much......Johnny has pulled her out of some real
     jams.....she loves him in a wierd sort of way.....but she gets
     really sick of his grab ass tactics and all of his crooked
     dealing and stuff....on top of the basement sessions."

     "I take it she's a 'sex object' or 'show piece' for him with his
     friends and that he's into some illegal stuff?"

     "Uh, huh....he runs drugs....little shit......and he steals quite
     a bit. And, DEFINITELY, Johnny 'shows Linda off' to all his
     buddies.  He calls her "his own private, toothless, dancing
     whore' in front of them. She hates THAT most of all...especially
     when he starts grabbing her ass, petting her crotch or squeezing
     her tits in front of them."

     "Hummmmmm, I see.........has she got any way of getting out of
     all that shit, Marla?"

     "Yup....she sure does! You're looking at half of her 'out' and
     the other half you look at every morning in the mirror!"

     "I somehow was afraid that was what you were going to say. Why me
     and why you?"

     "First, Linda can 'get her rocks off' playing with you and me.
     She doesn't have to 'go hunting' any more or run away from
     'home'. Second, she thinks she just might be able to get out of
     the Lounge and get an honest job if she tries, though I doubt
     that like hell. She can't type, can't take shorthand and she
     doesn't have a high school diploma. Getting a GOOD job will be
     damn tough for her to do, given that set of problems. And, third,
     she thinks that because you are, shall we say 'well to do', you
     might be able to help her by giving her advice, perhaps loaning
     her a few bucks and helping her get a GOOD job."

     Paul sat and let the words run around in his head for a while.
     "Had, again!" he thought. Before he could say it....though he
     probably wasn't going to say it to Marla, Marla said:

     "Those are my words and my analyses, Paul. Linda won't tell you
     any of that and won't ask you. But I think I know her well enough
     to know what she's hoping for from you. If you can't 'deliver' on
     points two and three she's still going to take point one and
     enjoy it for all it's worth....which, in her case, is a lot....a
     real bunch."

     "Hummmmmm, and if I don't come across with points two and three
     I'm no better than her Goddamn husband....RIGHT, Marla?"

     "You said it, pal....I didn't! And Linda will never say it....but
     she may, eventually, think it!"

     "Thanks....I needed that! A whole bunch, Marla."

     "Yah, well need or not, you got it.....turn here and pull in the
     drive next to the big stone house with the turrets.....drive all
     the way back to the attached garage....I've got the garage door
     opener in my purse."

     Paul did as she said, noting that these were old, turn of the
     century houses in a special part of town, which was pretty run
     down but on the agenda of a few civic organizations and the city
     to become a classic "remodeling and restoration" area for
     "historical homes". As he drove the Lincoln up into the drive and
     toward the garage he marveled at the pure size and masonry work
     of 'Marla's House'. "This your place, Marla?", he asked.

     "Yup....me and the damn bank........like it?"

     "I love it! It has class and character!"

     Laughing, Marla pulled the garage door opener out of her purse
     and hit the button while saying "That ain't all you're going to
     'love' about this place, M-A-S-T-E-R PAUL (long heavy emphasis)!
     The 'inside' of my 'castle' every bit lives up to the promises it
     makes on the outside.....IF YOU ARE AN INQUISITOR OR A WILLING
     PROSPECTIVE VICTIM OF THE INQUISITION....A TRUE SLAVE.....
     ESPECIALLY A FEMALE SLAVE!!!"

     Paul let that ride as the car rolled into the garage and he
     braked to a stop. The garage door closed behind them with a soft
     'thud'. Marla got out of the car and started to walk around to
     his side as he shut off the engine, put the car in park and set
     the brake. She opened the door and bowed at the waist, saying:

     "WELCOME, .....MASTER PAUL......, TO MISTRESS MARLA'S CASTLE OF
     TORTURE AND PAIN.......THE BEST KEPT SECRET IN TOWN AMONG
     SUBMISSIVES!  You are the FIRST MALE.....MASTER.....to enter this
     gray stone container of screams and moans.........follow me!"

     Marla walked over to a long sloping ramp leading into what seemed
     to be the basement of the house......a ramp that had an I-Beam
     trolley above it from the garage down into the basement.......a
     beam system that ended about at the back door of Paul's Lincoln.
     He followed her down the ramp to a huge wooden door that was
     swinging open, seemingly all on it's own. As they walked through
     the open door a second door a few feet ahead began to open as the
     one behind swung shut with a very final 'thump'.

     As the second door moved sideways, sliding on apparent rollers,
     Paul heard a faint, quivering voice begin begging plaintively:

     "Oh, please MISTRESS...........PPPLLLEEEAAASSSEEE!!!! It hurts
     SSSSOOOO MMMUUUCCCHHH!!!! PPPPPLLLLLEEEEAAAASSSSEEEEE!!!!

     As Paul's eyes became accustomed to the glowing infrared like
     light he saw a white X-Shaped form in the middle of the
     room....the source of the pleas........quivering in mid-air.
     There, before his adjusting eyes, hung a well built, sweating,
     blonde haired woman....an obvious 'victim' of Mistress Marla'a
     'attentions', suspended from blocklike objects that enclosed her
     wrists and hands. She was spread hugely open by similar block
     like objects that encased her feet and ankles. From the nipple on
     each breast a wire angled upward over a two small pulleys and
     then downward to what looked like small and numerous weights
     attached to the end of the wire. A huge shaft of some sort angled
     up from the floor and into the split cheeks of the pleading
     blonde slave's behind where it was obviously buried in her rectum
     to the hilt and held her somewhat back so she was impaled and
     stretching against the shaft in a forward direction. The nipple
     wires had a similar effect, but in the opposite direction....
     forward.

     Marla strode forward to the tortured blonde and slipped a black
     leather gloved hand into her spread, empty and wet pussy.....
     ....wet, Paul could see, from the faint red beads of light around
     it. "You may 'hurt', bitch.......but you are also enjoying it....
     ......AREN'T YOU.....SLAVE WHORE??? AREN'T YOU???? BITCH!!!!"

     The quivering voice gasped "yyyyeeeessss, MISTRESS........I LOVE
     it!"  "I LOVE YOU, MISTRESS!"

     As his eyes became still more accustomed to the glowing red
     light, Paul saw the red stripes all over the body and limbs of
     the quivering blonde slave stretched and impaled and sweating
     before his eyes. Her thighs and belly and breasts were
     particularly and heavily striped. As Paul strode around the
     suspended, spread and impaled beauty....and she was THAT...a REAL
     BEAUTY......he saw that her head back position was caused by a
     strong black strap running from a large ring into which her long
     hair had been braided downward to encircle the shaft that split
     her ass cheeks and back up to attach to the ring in her hair.

     The blonde shivered and moaned loudly as Marla continued to play
     with her pussy with one hand and to slap her stretched breasts
     with the other gloved hand.

     "Well....MASTER PAUL (with vehement exclamation)? How do you
     like my 'torture chamber' and my latest 'learning slave'?
     Hummmm?"

     "How long's she been suspended that way, MARLA?", Paul asked.

     "MISTRESS MARLA!!!!" She sneered back. "HERE, I AM SUPREME AND I
     AM........MISTRESS........IN FRONT OF A SLAVE.....MY SLAVE.....
     .....MASTER PAUL (same vicious tone)!!!!"

     "Ok.......how long?"

     "Just since I left for the Lounge.....about an hour
     ago......she's just getting 'warmed up', Master Paul.......she
     can take a lot more than this....AND WANTS IT.....don't you,
     bitch?"

     A faint "yes mistress" gurgled from the upturned quivering face
     and head, followed by a low rising groan and then a wild begging
     scream.  As Paul walked all the way around the suspended,
     sweating blonde slave he realized that she was actually standing
     in the blocks that encased her feet and ankles and was not
     genuinely suspended by her hands and wrists. He bent down and
     examined the blocks and saw that they were mounted on pipe
     stanchions, actually hydraulic ram arms coming out of steel
     cylinders in the floor. He stood up and looked at the hand and
     wrist encasing blocks and realized that they, similarly, were
     attached to the same sort of hydraulic steel ram arms coming down
     from the ceiling and hydraulic tubes up there. The sweating, now
     screaming slave was anchored but not suspended at the ends of the
     four inventive shining steel pistons.

     "You like those 'little beauties'....MASTER PAUL? I suspect
     Linda has told you about those things and the custom casted
     rubber hand and foot blocks that Alex's friends used on her and
     her 'sisters' in Mexico, hasn't she?"

     "No, as a matter of fact, she hasn't."

     "Get her to tell you THAT tale some day, MASTER PAUL....it'll
     make your balls shrivel up and your cock spit for a week!!! I
     can't believe she hasn't told you about the castle down in Mexico
     and the "Training Amphitheater"............where these little
     hydraulic gems were the focal point of the place and the reason
     why literally hundreds of otherwise normal women agreed to do
     ANYTHING their MASTERS asked of them once they'd watched one of
     their 'SISTERS' 'treated' to a 'session' in the 'Ram Pit'. Oh,
     well....she probably will get around to telling you some day.
     Ingenuous, aren't they?" she asked as she reached over a flicked
     something with her right hand.

     The shaft stuffed between the blonde's ass cheeks slipped
     downward toward the floor and came out of her rectum with a
     'pop'.  Another few flicks of the right hand and the lower rams
     moved downward toward the floor and the upper ones rose toward
     the ceiling as the now bucking and screaming naked blond slave
     begged and pleaded and literally screamed her lungs out.

     As Paul watched, the red tinted beads of sweat increased in
     number and the screams nearly deafened him.....and the rams moved
     slowly upward and downward, pulling the sagging, bucking slave
     into an upright and stretched 'X' position with the now freed
     head shaking violently back and forth in a wild body language
     expression of the screaming "no's" echoing around the 'torture
     chamber'.

     The arms and legs stretched taut and the strain was evident.
     With each passing second the white, sweating, stretched body
     became more rigid and stretched. And then the rams stopped.

     "You fucking bitch...........you whore!!!!...........this is
     NOTHING...nothing at all!!! Tonight you will know what REAL PAIN
     is, my pretty slave!!!! REAL PAIN!!! Here, MASTER PAUL (same
     sneering tone), make the bitch 'appreciate' a MASTER'S TOUCH!",
     as Marla threw him a leather cat of nine tails that had obviously
     been used before on the stretched, screaming slave.

     Paul cringed at the thought of whipping this stretched column of
     pure pain and suffering.....and Marla sneered "what's wrong,
     MASTER?  Afraid to 'HURT' the bitch? DO IT.....she LOVES IT!!! DO
     IT!!!"

     He walked behind the taut white sweating 'X' that was still
     screaming wildly and lashed her across the cheeks of her ass.
     The screams rose and then 'broke' into a strangled, gasping
     sound.

     "AGAIN!!!! And this time....HARDER and CONTINUOUSLY........WHIP
     HER FROM HER SHOULDERS TO HER KNEES.....THEN BETWEEN THE LEGS!!!
     And listen to her......LISTEN.....CAREFULLY!!!!"

     Paul resumed the whipping, lashing sideways and continuously from
     the knees up to the shoulders and back down.........trying not to
     hit too hard but still be convincing.........Marla strode around
     the now hoarse and gurgling slave, snatched the cat out of Paul's
     hand and began laying the whip on with what seemed like all her
     strength.....the screams came back and rose higher and higher....
     .....until, finally, with a quick upward slash, Marla shot the
     nine tails straight up between the blonde screamer's wide spread
     legs and repeated the process five more times in quick
     succession.

     The screams abruptly stopped on about the third stroke between
     the outstretched legs and the almost totally hoarse voice lowly
     pleaded:

     "Ohhhhhh, yyyyyyeeeeessssss MMMMMIIIISSSSTTTTRRRREEEESSSSSS......
     .....MMMMMMOOOOORRRRRREEEEEEE......YYYYYYYYEEEEEEEESSSSSSS!!!!"
     and continued onward as the last three were delivered up the
     spread wet valley to splat across the quivering belly.....and
     when the last of the six had been delivered.....the.......low
     voice rose in pitch and intensity and begged for STILL MORE....
     ......"MMMMMOOOOORRRRREEEEEEE, MMMMIIISSSTTTTRRRREEEESSSSS.....
     ...Don't stop NOW, MISTRESS.....PPPPLLLLEEEEAAAASSSSEEEEE??????
     I'm cummming.......now mistress......please more.......please..."
     and then died away to soft sobs.

     "See,......MASTER (sneeringly, again)? She loves it and she wants
     MORE....much more! Would you like to 'finish her'? Hummmmmm?"

     Marla walked around to the control column for the rams and
     flicked the switches......the upper rams began to move downward
     as the arms moved backward and the shiny shafts began to angle
     ever so slightly........the process continued until the still
     stretched and quivering, sobbing blonde slave was angled at
     about forty five degrees, backward and then Marla released the
     switches. She walked around to Paul and thrust her hand between
     his legs and felt him......"You're ready.....fuck her.....go
     ahead and fuck her while I finish her off......."

     Paul walked around in front of the sobbing, sweating, stretched
     blonde slave and unbuckled and unzipped his pants and dropped
     them to the floor, followed by his boxer shorts. Stepping out of
     them he strode forward and without otherwise touching the spread
     sobbing woman he thrust himself deep into her and began fucking
     her. Marla began, simultaneously, whipping her wire stretched
     breasts and nipples...........methodically but not savagely, this
     time......the sobbing ceased and low, keening scream of pure
     pleasure arose from the quivering vocal cords and gurgled forth
     from the open, gasping mouth.

     As Paul plunged in an out of the wet, slurping sucking hole he
     began to feel it contract and release him with each stroke and
     then after about a dozen strokes with the 'cat' he felt the
     muscles in the slave's cunt tighten down on him and heard the
     wild screams and moans of a total orgasm take over. The orgasm
     continued, along with the whip strokes across the breasts and
     nipples as he sawed in and out of the tightening pussy to a
     climax and shot the climaxing blonde slave full of cum......
     ......he continued for several minutes afterward, fucking the
     moaning and satisfied still orgasming slave........still feeling
     her muscles gripping him tightly.....and then pulled out and
     backed away..........which brought another long string of pleas
     and begging and moaning for Mistress Marla to make him "fuck me"
     ........until they died away into a gurgling moan.

     Paul retrieved his shorts and pants and redressed. Marla came
     around beside him and put her hand on his shoulder.

     "Satisfied, MASTER PAUL? You could fuck her for hours on end that
     way and I could whip her tits off and she'd still beg for more
     and keep coming.........she wasn't always that way.....but after
     a little training on my part........she developed a very high
     tolerance for pain and a very strong 'need' to be climaxed
     continuously. Normally, I use a dildo on her and plug her ass
     with another one while I simultaneously whip her. Neat, huh?"

     She flicked the switches and the blonde moved back into the
     position she was in when Paul walked into this 'torture chamber'
     in the basement of an old victorian castle of a house. Marla
     replaced the shaft in the blonde's ass and drew the head backward
     with the strap. She walked over to the dangling nipple weights
     and added to them so the nipples stretched upward and forward
     even more. Paul watched it all and watched his cum dribble out of
     the still contracting pussy and down the profusely sweating
     blonde's legs.

     "How long are you going to leave her that way, Mistress Marla?"

     "All night and part of tomorrow...........when we bring Linda
     back here later tonight, they can keep each other company.....
     perhaps even sing a few duets for us before the night's over
     .....eh?"

     Paul shivered, just thinking about Linda going through this and
     perhaps more, but he said nothing. Marla took him on a guided
     tour of the dungeon or torture chamber as she called it and
     showed him literally dozens of devices and 'systems' designed
     specifically and exclusively for the 'torturing' of the female
     of the species. The collection was unbelievable and so were the
     restraints....all made of black leather, softened with linseed
     oil and supple. Then Marla took him to a corner of the room and
     flip a wall switch and showed him a hoisting mechanism consisting
     of a cable and hook that allowed her to move a bound slave
     upward or downward from floor to floor in the three story
     victorian castle like home, complete with trap doors on each
     floor. He listened as she explained that she had borrowed that
     idea, also, from Linda's description of Master Chris' setup in
     Parkersburg. This time, Paul lied and said he knew about THAT.

     They went upstairs and Marla gave him a tour of the otherwise
     normal looking house.............except, for the trap doors, or
     so it seemed. After she had worked him all the way up to the
     Master Bedroom and shown him that, she asked him:

     "Would you believe that there are presently nine.....count em
     ....NINE slaves in this house besides the one you fucked in the
     basement?"

     He shook his head 'no' and Marla walked over to a set of wall
     switches and knobs on a panel by the huge king sized bed. She
     flicked the switch and the bed rose slowly upward and began to
     rotate until the underside, rotating up toward him, revealed a
     petite naked brunette strapped eloquently and tightly to the
     underside, fully gagged, blindfolded and quivering in her
     stringent bondage. Marla pointed downward at the floor under the
     bed as the mattress and box springs completed their 'flip'
     leaving the bound little beauty face upward. There, on the floor,
     beneath the bed, were what looked like two breast cups and a
     strange looking thing about where the brunette's pussy would be
     when she was face down under the bed against the floor. Marla
     walked back to the switch and played with the controls. Shafts
     rose and rotated and pistoned back and forth from the pussy
     centered device.....and the rims of the breast cups contracted
     as small needle like devices appeared from nowhere all along the
     interior surface of the cups.

     "This is how I amuse myself and prepare my 'nightcap' before I go
     to sleep, Master Paul!" She flipped the switches and rotated the
     small brunette slave strapped to the bed back into her original
     position and gave a couple of the switches a slight flick and a
     little twist on several knobs. Paul heard a low gurgling sound
     coming from under the bed. "May as well start warming the bitch
     up for later!  You may get horny when we get back here with
     Linda!"

     As they walked back through each room, Marla, through the
     flipping of switches and rotating of knobs, disclosed eight more
     naked, bound, gaged and blindfolded slaves, all female and all
     uniquely imprisoned in what looked like a very "normal" house...
     ..room by room. One of them was in a state of exhaustion because
     Marla had left her dildo's running at high speed and her breast
     stimulators and nipple suckers running the same way.....she was
     totally fucked out and limp. He helped Marla take her out of the
     contraption and put her on the hoist that sent her to the
     basement, which it turned out, had several 'holding cells' that
     were padded on all the walls, ceiling a floor. When they got
     back to the basement, Marla carried the exhausted slave to a pure
     white padded cell, laid her on the floor and slammed and locked
     the door.

     Paul couldn't resist........he had to ask her........"are all
     these lovely ladies here of their own free will and accord,
     Marla....or are you holding them captive?"

     "Only the blonde on the 'rams' is here, kind of against her will.
     Her lover, the brunette under the bed upstairs, brought her to me
     for, shall we say, 'training'. She wanted a submissive 'partner'
     she could watch submitting and make love to knowing that she had
     the same desires and needs. I obliged."

     "And the blonde (glancing over at the suspended, ram held still
     dripping sweating slave in the center of the basement 'torture
     room') is about 'ready', I presume?"

     "Oh hell no! But now I can let the two of em go 'home' and
     they'll come back when I call them or if they want to 'play' with
     me. But she is a long way from being submissive enough. That will
     take weeks and maybe months more......for her to get to where
     Linda is, for example."

     "And where, pray tell, IS Linda in this thing? Just how far along
     is she."

     Marla grinned at Paul and said "You mean you don't KNOW? You
     really don't know, Paul? Linda is the STAR ATTRACTION in my
     STABLE.  You could punish her to death and she'd love it......
     ...put her in the rams, for example, and pull her apart......and
     all she'd do is cum 'til she died. She is the 'model' and the
     instigator of all this......AND, SHE IS THE ONE WHO DESIGNED MOST
     OF THIS STUFF FOR ME."

     Paul shook his head and asked, "How in the hell could you afford
     all this stuff? It had to cost tens of thousands of dollars."

     "It did....INDEED....IT DID!!! But, I had a rich family.......my
     mother and father were wealthy as shit......until the day they
     died in a plane crash. As the only child, I got it all. To
     supplement the investments I have from that inheritance, I
     occasionally take on an 'errant young lady', and a few older
     ones, who, for various reasons, need training and taught to be
     properly submissive. It pays VERY VERY WELL, Paul.......
     Excellent! That's how I did it and continue to do it."

     "Aren't you afraid of somehow, shall we say, 'getting caught'."

     "Not really. I trained some cops' wives and girl friends. WELL!
     Gave em back a submissive woman that would fuck em and suck em
     for hours on end and play 'bondage games' with em 'til hell
     freezes over. The 'ladies' and their husbands or boy friends
     don't know where this place is and have never seen the road to it
     or away from it. Later tonight, I'll show you how I do that using
     Linda. The trolley from the garage to the cellar is a small part
     of it. That's why I wanted your car instead of mine, tonight,
     Paul.  Here, help me carry this thing back up to the car.....I
     don't want to fuck with the trolley....we're late as it is,
     partner!"

     And with that, they picked up a strange 'trays and spreader rods'
     device and lugged it out of the basement torture room and up to
     the car where Marla placed it in the center of the back seat of
     the Lincoln. They got in the car and Marla opened the garage door
     as Paul backed out and down the drive to the street, heading for
     Linda's house, as Marla had promised. As they drove away, Paul
     asked Marla, "Am I the first man to ever see your 'slave castle',
     Marla?"

     "No....but you are the first one to know where, exactly, it's
     located and the first to see, almost everything in it."

     "Almost?"

     "Later, MASTER PAUL.....LATER......you'll get to see it ALL! That
     I promise. That's what Linda wants. She wants to be there when
     you do. I don't think you could quite handle the few things I
     didn't show you unless she was there, demonstrating them for you.
     She is only one of three submissives who can tolerate that much,
     shall we say, 'submission', to make it palatable, eh?"

     Paul shivered and drove on toward Linda and Johnny's house,
     wondering what the hell he had really gotten into by messing with
     Linda. He was sure he would find out before the night was over...
     ...damn sure of it!

     As he drove across the south end of town in the Lincoln Town Car
     with Marla on board, Paul reflected on the facts about Linda he
     presently knew for sure. He was beginning to see a pattern to
     the people Linda "played with" and had recognized Linda's
     skillful hands and wild submissive's imagination in all that he
     saw at Marla's "Castle". The equipment and layouts were indi-
     cative of things he had heard straight from Linda's mouth while
     she was "flying" bound down on his lap. He knew, absolutely KNEW,
     that Marla's place had been designed and perhaps built by the
     "chief submissive" in Marla's "stable", NOT MARLA. And he had a
     suspicion that what he was about to see at Linda's home would be
     no different in that respect.

     Paul wheeled the big car around the turn onto Linda's street and
     park across the street and six houses beyond, just to be safe.
     Marla got out and walked across the street, down six houses and
     up onto the front door. She rang the bell and waited....a long
     time. No answer. She fumbled with her purse and took out a key
     which she used to let herself in. A few minutes later she came
     out on the porch and waved to Paul to come in with her.

     Paul got out of the car, locked the doors and shut them and then
     walked down the street and into the house behind Marla. As he
     entered he noted that the place was only "so-so" comfort wise and
     not very well kept up. Marla guided him to the kitchen and down
     through a door and a steep set of rickety stairs to the basement
     which she had lighted somewhat, by turning on the stair light
     switch.

     "OK, sit down in the 'MASTER'S CHAIR', MASTER PAUL and let me
     demonstrate Linda's special 'misbehaving' punishment room for
     you".  She walked to a panel on the wall and flipped a switch and
     a set of colored lights came on and illuminated a dancer's
     platform at the far end of the room. Carpeted, canopied and with
     four side poles of some substance, one on each corner, running
     floor to ceiling.

     "This is where Linda 'entertains' Johnny's 'friends' and her
     punishment sex machine types, Master Paul. Johnny has her start
     fully clothed the moment they bring her down here, dancing on the
     stage. As she gets going, he has her shed all her clothes and
     dance for the guys to get both her and them horny and worked up.
     She knows better than to refuse, because if she does refuse, she
     gets bound to THIS and dry fucked for starters!!!"

     A spotlight came on and illuminated a rather huge, black, leather
     covered 'saw horse' in the center of the room. Like a carpenter's
     saw horse only bigger and specially made......leather covered
     with straps in various places. Two pairs of legs were adjustable
     up and down, and stuck out at 45 degree angles from the top at
     both ends down to the floor. Marla had him get up and come look
     at the device, closely, as she explained it. Paul didn't think it
     need explaining but he listened.

     "They put Linda on the top of this thing, face down, her head
     sticking over this end and her ass hanging off the back. Her arms
     and legs are buckled down on the legs and the big wide leather
     strap in the middle is tightened down over her back to secure her
     to the top horizontal 'bar', but it really isn't needed and
     neither are the arm straps, Master Paul." And with that
     statement, Marla took a pair of two to three foot long slender
     stainless steel rods down from the wall and slid them through
     holes in the top horizontal piece or bar at the back and the
     front, crossways, and then she stood back.

     "The front rod is passed through Linda's nipple rings and through
     the top of the "horse". The back rod is passed through two of
     Linda's four cunt rings and through the horse. Once 'in place',
     there is no way in the world she can get off the horse until
     someone withdraws the two rods. You will note the small holes in
     each side of the rod at the edge of the 'horse'?"

     "Yes, Marla, I see them", Paul replied.

     "These small pad locks are passed through the holes in each rod
     on either side of the horse so that LINDA cannot withdraw the
     rods when her arms are not strapped to the legs. Neat, huh?"

     Paul did not respond.

     "Once she's, shall we say, 'attached', she can move her legs and
     arms and head all she wants, but she cannot get up until
     'someone' unlocks and withdraws the rods. It's ingenious and
     terrifyingly EFFECTIVE. She is restrained by her sex organs only
     and does not dare try to get off or to move her body to any
     extent.  She simply has to lay there and accept whatever happens
     to her, and A LOT 'HAPPENS'.....believe me it does!", Marla
     exclaimed with a 'hiss'.

     "I'll bet it does," Paul said lowly and quietly almost under his
     breath.

     "If Johnny ever catches Linda messing with you, before she tells
     him about you (and she won't tell him, Paul, that I KNOW!).....
     he'll walk into the Lounge some night with his buddies from the
     job and after she's through dancing they will hustle her out to
     the car and bring her down here. When she's been made to dance to
     a nude and aroused state after some 'hits' of Marijuana, and
     maybe other shit, they'll lift her off the stage, lay her over
     this baby, slip the rods in and lock em, and then 'go at her' all
     night long and all the next day.....continuously.....three and
     four at a time......while Johnny watches........mouth, ass, cunt,
     armpits, hands.........the whole scene.........fucking her
     continuously until she's exhausted and then some more and some
     more and still more!"

     "How in the hell do you know so much about this Marla? Hummmm?",
     Paul queried her.

     "Because, a couple of times, Johnny invited me to watch the
     'show'!"

     "That's 'sick', Marla!!!"

     "Ummm, Hummmm.....and it's also FUN! The bitch hates this place
     but when she's wound up and running she 'performs' beautifully
     and continuously, taking everything they dish out and screaming
     for more until they 'overdo' it which they always do."

     Marla withdrew the rods and put them back and then shut off the
     lights on the stage and the horse and motioned to Paul to follow
     her back upstairs, where, when he was back in the kitchen, she
     key-locked the basement door deadbolt. Paul followed her out of
     the house and she locked the front door deadbolt, too.

     Later, as they drove back toward the lounge, Paul asked Marla,
     "Do you honestly BELIEVE that Johnny 'invented, designed and
     built' that basement punishment room, Marla? Do you really?"

     "NOPE!....I KNOW THAT LINDA DID!!! Does that surprise you?"

     "No, it sure doesn't! NOTHING about Linda surprises me. I KNOW
     she COMPLETELY AND TOTALLY designed your place, didn't she?"

     "Uh, Huh....she sure did! And well, I might add! The 'lady' has
     been 'around' and she knows how to develop fear and anticipation
     in submissives, being perhaps the most submissive and fearful of
     them ALL, Paul!"

     "Is all that stuff from her memories and past, Marla.....or is
     it strictly a case of fantasy fulfillment?"

     "BOTH! I gather she has not told you ALL about her past, Paul,..
     ...correct?"

     "That's correct....but ENOUGH.......enough for me to recognize
     some of the stuff at your place as well as in the basement back
     there."

     "Has she mentioned Alex or told you about what he did to her and
     how?"

     "She's mentioned him, yes......but no details yet! Why?"

     "Get her to tell you about him and the way he did her.......make
     her tell you about where he took her in Mexico and what she saw
     there......AND EXPERIENCED!!!! But make damn sure you can 'handle
     it' before you get her going on that 'trip'. It's not very
     'pretty' and if you aren't careful, she'll make you sick as hell
     with that 'tale'......a true story, incidentally, from beginning
     to end!!!"

     "What's so sickening about it, Marla?"

     "You ask LINDA, Paul.....ASK HER!!!! Then decide for yourself
     what's 'sick' about it!....understand?"

     "No, I don't....but I'll 'ask' her....pointedly, OK?"

     "Uh, Huh.....say, let's stop at the Chinese Restaurant and get
     something to eat. I'm starved! You game?"

     "Yah"

     "You know how to get there?"

     "Yup......Linda and I were there earlier tonight!"

     Marla smiled at him, knowingly, and patted him on the right
     shoulder, but said nothing.

     They stopped at the restaurant, ate two big dinners and
     appetizers and about an hour and a half later drove back to the
     Lounge.  Marla left him in the Lincoln Town Car in the back of
     the parking lot and went inside. It was about 2:00AM. About
     2:25AM, Marla came out of the Lounge front door with Linda
     following along behind. As Paul watched them approach his car, he
     noticed that Linda had her head lowered so her chin was on her
     chest and was walking lock stepped and very submissively behind
     Marla, who opened the back door of the Lincoln for Linda and
     pointed for her to get in. Linda got in, sat down and said
     nothing as Marla shut the door and walked around and got in
     through the opposite back door.

     "OK, MASTER PAUL......let's take our misbehaving, slave bitch to
     my place!...........Don't turn the interior lights on, MASTER
     PAUL...I have to get the bitch ready............OK, SLAVE...
     STRIP!!!!.......NOW......GET IT ALL OFF.......then get on your
     favorite device in your favorite position.........," MARLA
     snarled out to Linda.

     Paul heard a long sigh followed by a weak "yes, Mistress" and
     heard the rustling of clothes and then heard Linda moving around
     in the back seat. He looked up into the mirror and saw her
     kneeling on her knees, spread wide apart and placed in the two
     tray like arrangements of the device Marla had helped him carry
     out of the dungeon at her place and put on his back seat. Paul
     heard the sound of leather straps being buckled down and the
     sound made by a slave being ball gagged.......followed by low
     moans and gurgles and the sound of hands moving over flesh....a
     lot of such sounds.....and the moans grew deeper and more
     pronounced as he drove toward Marla's place. When they entered
     the driveway, Paul heard the garage door opener click in the back
     seat and saw the doors rise. He drove in, parked the car, and
     turned off the engine. Marla told him to get out and go around to
     the back door on the other side, as the garage door lowered and
     the lights in the garage came on in a dull red glow this time.

     Paul, trying to get accustomed to the low, faint red light,
     opened the back door and looked inside. There, on his back seat,
     knelt a gagged and securely bound, naked and quivering Linda,
     'mounted' in the strange 'device' he and Marla had put into the
     backseat earlier. Her legs were hugely spread, strapped together,
     thigh to calf and strapped to a tray arrangement under each leg.
     A wide leather strap running from the outside of one tray ran
     over her back and presumably was buckled tightly down to the
     other side. Linda had a 'trainer and gag' arrangement thrust in
     her mouth and bridging her face and going over her head. A
     leather strap pulled her head up and back because it was looped
     through a ring in the top of the trainer and buckled through a
     ring in the strap over her back. Thrusting out Linda's behind
     were two buzzing dildos, one for each 'hole' and on her nipples
     were a set of tightly screwed down nipple clamps. Linda was
     moaning softly, sweating and trembling as Marla spoke to him:

     "OK, lift her up off the seat and help me get her out of the car
     and up onto the trolley, MASTER PAUL.....we've got some 'work' to
     do with her and we best be getting to it......SOON!", Marla
     hissed at him.




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


     Part 2 - Chapter 6

     A NIGHT IN 'HELL', WITH LINDA, 'PLAYING' WITH MISTRESS MARLA
     AND HER SLAVES


     Master Paul and Mistress Marla placed the spread, naked, and now
     sweating and tightly bound and gagged Linda on the concrete floor
     of the garage just below the overhead trolley and rail system and
     it's suspended cable and hook system. Marla retrieved a control
     box and cable from the overhead trolley and, by pressing buttons
     on the control box, lowered the hook until it lay on top of the
     broad leather strap that anchored Linda to the wide spread
     "trays". Deftly, Marla slipped the hook through the D-Ring in the
     broad black leather strap and flicked the button that caused the
     hook and cable to pull taut and then begin raising Linda and her
     "kneeling tray" system from the cold concrete floor.

     When the hook had reached it's zenith at the overhead trolley,
     Marla replaced the control box in the side of the system and
     motioned to Paul to help guide the now gently swaying, spread and
     bound Linda toward the heavy wooden swinging doors he had passed
     through earlier in the evening. As they approached, the doors
     swung open to admit the sweating, bound and quivering suspended
     slave and her two escorts. As the doors swung closed behind, the
     two ushered their 'victim' through the second door, on down the
     ramp, which had silently slid open as the swinging doors closed
     behind them at the top of the ramp.

     The taut, quivering, spread, bound blond still moaned in the
     center of the room, seemingly oblivious to the entrance of her
     two former tormentors and their new charge, suspended from the
     trolley system in her wide spread, rod stayed 'trays'. The room
     was still an erie infra-red lit color that made the spread blond
     look almost surrealistic, not to mention the effect it had upon
     the gently swaying and tightly bound Linda.

     Marla walked under Linda and reached upward and grasped her
     hanging nipples and their gold piercing rings. A faint gurgling
     moan emanated from above as Marla tensioned the nipples ever
     downward.

     "Get the cat, Master Paul......it's over on the leather bench
     along the wall", Marla commanded. He looked at the leather clad
     she-devil in front of him and frowned. She smiled, softened her
     voice, and said "shall we begin 'playing' with our aroused and
     hungering charge, Master? We'll need the cat, over there on the
     bench to warm her up a bit, I suspect".

     Satisfied with the change in voice tone and thus MUTUALLY invited
     to participate, he walk over and retrieved the well oiled, nine
     tailed cat from the bench and walked slowly under the now
     vibrating and heavily moaning and gurgling Linda from the rear to
     face Marla...Mistress Marla.

     She drew the nipples ever downward with her thumbs and
     forefingers as Master Paul began a slow litany of nine tailed
     "loving" across the downward stretched breasts anchored in
     Marla's thumb and forefinger nipple vices. Back and forth went
     the oiled leather strands across the undersides of the stretched
     orbs of His new slave and willing victim. As He applied the
     singing cat He watched the belly over His head ripple with an all
     too familiar pattern as the knotted muscles of a tightly bound,
     spread and suspended Linda drove her slave's hunger litany into
     the valley of HER Master's pleasure. As the oiled strands
     caressed harder and harder on the undersides of the suspended
     and nipple tensioned hemispheres, He watched the rippling belly
     muscles drive his charge wild with hunger which was only
     adequately fed by the twin buzzing shafts Marla had inserted in
     her in the car. The shaft stuffed deep into her now thoroughly
     wet sexual passage walked in and out, seemingly on its own, as
     Linda attempted to feed her hunger and need from deep inside. The
     rear shaft remained substantially stationary as the muscles there
     gripped it tightly and held it firm and deep.

     The fully street clothed Master raised His free left hand and,
     palm upward, traversed it from just below the reddening breasts
     to the wet valley where the buzzing shaft moved in and out,
     almost magically. The feel of the rippling muscles intensified
     under His palm as Linda responded to His touch and her hunger
     rose to be further fed by the deeply buried, pistoning shaft and
     the slapping nine well oiled thongs. Traversing the palm back and
     forth over the wet belly, Master Paul increased the tempo and the
     force of the cat as Mistress Marla drew the nipples yet further
     downward. The gurgling moans from above became a soft keening but
     muffled scream as the buried shaft was drawn inward out of sight
     and the belly muscles contracted tightly.

     "DON'T STOP,.......INCREASE THE FORCE AND THE TEMPO....AND WATCH
     AND FEEL!", Mistress Marla exclaimed.

     He did and the muscles beneath His hand tightened still further
     as the once buried shaft flew out of its wet and open hiding
     place and literally shot across the red tinted chamber and fluids
     flowed from the now empty and rippling hole to drip down onto the
     floor and meet the tightly pressing palm as it traversed from
     reddening breasts to wet valley and back. The keening, muffled
     scream above became a seeking moan. Marla released the nipples
     and took the cat from His hand as He stepped backward, extended
     the fingers and thumb of His left hand, wrapped them tightly
     together and thrust the pointed hand into the empty, spasming,
     dark and wet chamber of sexual pleasure....inward....ever inward
     until the hand had disappeared and only the wrist was visible
     extending from the valley between the widely spread, bound legs
     that quivered and rippled with obvious pleasure and hunger.

     As His hand sank into the wet orifice, Master Paul felt the
     rolling, churning innards of his slave wildly reflecting the
     multi-orgasmic state of the "flying" Linda. He opened the finger
     tips and began massaging the soft, round cap before them with
     it's split 'mouth', teasing and moving the churning cervix and in
     a way that caused the wet walls around his imprisoned wrist to
     massage and alternately tighten and release endlessly until a
     long, urgent and muffled scream was heard from above and all of
     the muscles contracted and then relaxed and the sound from above
     ceased.

     Slowly Master Paul withdrew the soaked left hand from it's now
     relaxed sheath. He looked at Mistress Marla and smiled,
     knowingly, as She smiled back and said "I believe the lady has
     just gotten her first 'rocks off' session of the night, don't
     you?"

     He nodded as He stepped back and Marla retrieved the hoist
     control from the trolley and lowered Linda slightly so that She
     could release the strap the drew her trainer encased head back.
     As the limp neck allowed the head to fall forward, Mistress Marla
     grasped the wet hair and held the head up as She unbuckled and
     removed the trainer and gag. She released the hair and the head
     dropped to hang downward, chin on heaving chest. Master Paul
     ducked between the widespread legs, feeling the moisture drip
     onto His partially bald head as He edged forward, slowly, to gaze
     upon the slack face before Him. Linda was out like a switched off
     light as her body began to shiver and shake from the after
     effects of her journey to sexual satisfaction and oblivion.

     Master Paul continued to stand below the gently swaying Linda,
     the top of his head brushing the still rigid, ringed nipples, as
     He waited for His new slave to return from her trip to sexual
     completeness and total ecstasy.

     "Uuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmm"................"Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh"...
     came the soft sound from a pair of slowly parting lips as the
     eyes fluttered and slowly opened and focused on Him.

     After a long pause and a few shuddering movements overhead, she
     said ......."is MY MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRR pleased with me, Master?"

     He smiled, focusing upon and watching Mistress Marla beyond the
     downward tilted head of His querying slave. "You have given ME no
     pleasure, slave! You have merely 'taken' pleasure at MY hands!"

     He watched Mistress Marla, in the background, begin whipping the
     formerly lethargic blond in the blocks and rams device into a
     frenzy of motion, confined at her extremities by the black rubber
     block restraints at the ends of the rams that fully encased her
     hands and feet. Using the cat in a vicious and continuous
     circular track, Mistress Marla worked upward from the right ankle
     into the now seeking blond's crotch and back down the left leg to
     the left ankle. Mistress Marla repeated the process over and over
     until, finally, She began applying Her attentions to the rippling
     belly that was now straining forward to receive the nine oiled
     strands. The bound and spread blond was now pleading wildly with
     HER Mistress.........

     "mmmmoooorrrreeee, MISTRESS......pppllleeeaaasseee.....MORE......
     ....hhhhuuuurrrrttttt mmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!" as the
     smacking, slapping litany went on and on and approached and then
     engulfed the quivering blond's breasts and nipples, which were
     rigid and darkening from the effects of the attention being plied
     upon her by the leather clad Mistress Marla.

     Master Paul step out from under the hanging, spread and bound
     Linda and, grasping her hair in His left hand, raised her head
     upward and backward until she was facing the leather clad
     Mistress and her now screaming begging blond charge.

     "There, my lovely slave, is where I shall shortly have YOU.......
     .........spread and stretched before ME.....screaming for MY
     attentions and YOUR pleasure.........does my slave 'look forward'
     to HER Master's 'attentions' in the rams and blocks?"

     "YYYYYYEEEESSSSS MASTER!"......came the reply as the bound and
     suspended body shivered and rippled before Him in the wide spread
     'kneeling trays'........"Oh, yyyyeeeesss, MMMMAAAASSSTTTEEERRR!"

     "Now, MY little satisfied and bound bitch......it is your turn to
     please ME............" and He released the hair and let her head
     fall back down as He retrieved the control and lowered her until
     her three wet orifices were aligned with His now rigid member,
     encased in street clothes, still. He slowly walked over to the
     leather bench and carefully undressed, placing each article of
     removed clothing on the bench, until, He was naked and ready.

     "Over in the corner, Master Paul, you will find a leather vest
     and a pair of leather pants specially made for you, I believe"
     ..... Mistress Marla shouted above the screaming and begging
     blond's voice which now filled the room with familiar and
     pleasing sounds to His trained and accustomed ears. "They are a
     'gift' from your new slave, MASTER....." Marla shouted to Him.

     He walked over to the corner and took the two black leather
     articles off their hooks.  As He returned to the bench, He sensed
     that He was being carefully watched and looked over toward the
     swaying Linda. The brown eyes met His as the smiling, cherubic
     face tilted toward Him. She never spoke a word. The eyes and the
     gentle, knowing smile said it all.......more than words ever
     could or would.

     Deftly, He stepped into the long legged leather pants and secured
     them around His waist. Looking downward, He saw that His new
     slave had thought well of her own pleasure and the potential of
     it from HER NEW MASTER. The entire crotch of the pants was
     missing and His manhood stuck rigidly outward and ready to 'take'
     His slave. He chuckled, turned toward Linda and saw the wide
     grin and the loving, caressing eyes tell Him she understood. He
     grabbed the vest and while walking back over to her amidst the
     rising, pleasure filled, begging screams of the now bucking and
     raging blond, slipped the vest on and left it open. The black
     leather vest hung from His shoulders as He approached Linda, who
     had dutifully and submissively lowered her head and her eyes as
     HER MASTER advanced toward her.

     Standing in front of the swaying, sweating, anticipating and
     shivering Linda, Master Paul reached downward and grasped the wet
     chestnut colored hair before Him, on either side of the down
     turned head and drew her head backward, once more. As the face
     rose to stand opposite the open leather pants and the vertically
     projecting rigid male member, a soft pink tongue slowly appeared
     from between tender red lips and slowly licked around and around
     and around an ever widening, toothless mouth. He could hear the
     sighs coming from the opening mouth as the tongue swept around
     and around and around in anticipation of what was to come.

     "Now.......my submissive, seeking bitch....my slave.......tell me
     what it is that you want from YOUR MASTER..........."

     The eyes remained closed as the low, sexy voice began the litany
     that was to become SO FAMILIAR in the days, weeks, months and
     years that would follow this night and many others........

     "If MY MASTER pleases that it be so.......THE LAST MASTER OF THE
     RINGS and the PROUD owner of 'linda'.........the LAST TRUE AND
     PROUD SLAVE OF THE MASTER PAUL, THE LAST MASTER OF THE RINGS...
     ...I would give thee pleasure, MY MASTER......"

     The sweeping tongue resumed and extended, ever inviting and ever
     beckoning Him to the citadel of wet and complete attention that
     His new slave held in wait for her Master.....her ONLY Master and
     as she had so plainly stated it, THE LAST MASTER OF THE RINGS.

     Slowly, He moved forward between the grasping arms that held His
     hands locked tightly in the wet hair, but stopping short of the
     seeking tongue and lips and holding the head and wildly seeking
     mouth just fractions of an inch out of range.

     "Beg me, my slave bitch........tell me what YOU will do for YOUR
     MASTER if He grants you this favor to give Him pleasure and
     satisfaction...."

     "please.......MMMMAAAASSSTTTTEEERRRRR! Please place MY MASTER in
     my mouth so that I may give Him pleasures such as He has never
     had before....please MASTER let me tend to your needs and give
     you pleasure.....IT IS MY DUTY AS YOUR SLAVE TO GIVE YOU PLEASURE
     AND TO SERVICE YOU.......PPPPLLLLEEEEAAAASSSSEEEE MASTER????"

     The eyes never opened and the head was held just out of range as
     He let her continue to beg and to plead with Him. Finally,
     slowly, he drew the seeking tongue and open, ovaled mouth forward
     to make contact with Him. The tongue first swept over the rigid
     round tip and licked slowly back and forth underneath in the most
     sensitive area, alternating between withdrawing and sliding
     across the slit on the tip and then back underneath to lave and
     lick.

     Neither of them seemed to be in a hurry as she carefully and
     increasingly alternated back and forth with the flicking, laving
     tongue as the blond's pleas and screams and beggings keened
     through the dimly red lit room. He watched her body, suspended
     from above and spread naked in the trays before Him, shiver and
     ripple in anticipation and hunger. Her hands, extending out from
     under the broad leather strap and it's anchored D-Ring, slowly
     clenched and released as she laved and licked and serviced HER
     MASTER, inviting Him ever onward and inward to take His pleasure
     from her talented and trained mouth and tongue.....a mouth that
     contained no teeth....a mouth that HER MASTER owned.......a mouth
     and tongue that slowly now withdrew as the ever more hungry and
     urgent voice began, once again, to slowly and lowly address Him
     with the respect and the honor only HIS SLAVE could give Him....

     "Please MMMAAASSSTTTEEERRRR.....please feed your hungry slave....
     ....please let your slave feed upon HER MASTER and give Him
     pleasure........PPPPPLLLLLEEEEAAAASSSSEEEE
     MMMMAAAASSSSTTTEEERRR.........FEED MMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!"

     Slowly, carefully, He drew the ovaled sheath of the wet lips,
     below, over the length of the ever more rigid shaft as He felt
     the tongue slowly, then faster and faster, circle the advancing
     shaft. Then, effortlessly and slowly; then faster and faster, He
     began advancing and retreating the mouth, lips and tongue with
     the tightened fists in the ever wettening hair as He listened to
     the snorting breath of the straining slave and felt the hot air
     hit Him below. As He increased the tempo and tightened the fists
     in her hair, rocking her back and forth over the length of Him,
     He listened to her moan and smelled the rising sexual fever in
     her. The strapped down arms and hands tightened as she clenched
     the hands into fists and bore down on the "best part of HER
     Master" with everything she had.......licking, sucking, laving
     and alternately tightening and loosening her lips and gums...
     ...milking HER Master....and seeking to be fed, once more.

     As He rose to "fly" with her, pistoning in and out of the wildly
     servicing and highly pleasing mouth, He drew her deeper and
     deeper onto Him, where the muscles in her throat began to add to
     His pleasure as the now supersensitized tip alternately entered
     and retreated from the deepest part of His slave's attentions.
     As the boiling, creamy culmination of His pleasure rose from the
     twin sacks below and traveled outward toward His ever hungering
     slave's seeking, sucking, laving, licking and contracting and
     loosening mouth, tongue, lips and throat, she felt the rising
     tide and swiftly dammed down upon Him with lips and gums and held
     Him in check, building His pleasure to intolerable levels as He
     spasmed and gasped for release.

     As swiftly as the 'lock' had been placed upon Him, it was
     released, and the moaning sound in her throat was replaced by the
     sound of hungry gulping and the cheeks of her mouth suctioned
     inward as she sought to devour HER Master's new feeding of her.
     The ritual went on for many long and pleasure filled seconds as
     she passionately and completely drained every drop of Her
     Master's 'seed' from Him and devoured it dutifully and hungrily,
     trackingit into her quivering belly.

     When it was over and His climax had subsided, some MINUTES later,
     He slowly pushed her away and back along the rigid shaft; ever so
     slowly and ever so carefully to allow her to lick and clean Him
     slowly and carefully along His entire length. As the tip exited
     from the mouth, a low voice, fully satisfied, said........

     "Thank you, Master........the last proud and only slave of THE
     LAST PROUD MASTER OF THE RINGS......thanks HER MASTER....MASTER
     PAUL....for feeding her.........is my Master 'pleasured'
     sufficiently or does he require His slave to attend to his
     servicing some more?".........and the tongue resumed it's initial
     tracking back and forth under the still VERY sensitive head and
     up through the slit on the tip and then back, below. He stood
     there,  holding her hair and letting her lick and tease Him
     outrageously and continuously for several more minutes, her eyes
     closed, still, and her breath still panting as the pink tongue
     laved and loved Him outrageously and continuously until he could
     stand it no more and retreated from her range and let her head
     lower where he released her hair and stepped backward still
     further.

     As Master Paul gazed upon the suspended, bound and naked form of
     His now well fed slave, He thought of the many things He would
     'visit' upon this hungry bitch slave of His before the night
     faded into daylight outside. Here in this dimly lit dungeon of an
     accomplished and obviously wealthy Mistress, He would teach His
     new slave to behave as He wished and would train her to His every
     willful wish and pleasure. Here, He would develop a routine for
     her to follow in approaching Him. Here, He would show her the
     proper positions for submission before Him and the wisdom and
     practicality of them as well.

     And, here, this night and in the morning, would He teach her of
     "SEVENS" and the variation of His position for her, before him,
     for receiving "SEVENS". Here, in the seconds and minutes and
     hours to come, He would extract obedience from her as he trained
     her to HIS WAYS for all time and eternity. When this night and
     this day were through, THE LAST PROUD SLAVE OF THE LAST PROUD
     MASTER OF THE RINGS would know HER MASTER and OBEY HIM without
     question in all things, forever more, having learned the
     consequences of disobedience and the terror of that punishment
     in real fear and real punishments of a set and standard nature.

     Perhaps, if there were time, He would show her the SEVEN-FIVE-
     SEVEN punishment He would visit upon her if she dared to ever
     reject or refuse Him while before Him. But especially, this
     night, and this coming day, would He describe to her the
     Penthouse and the coming fitting for all of her leather garb and
     bondage gear and how they were to be used upon her.

     He knew He would drive her WILD with hunger as He described and
     demonstrated what was to come over the days, weeks and months
     ahead. It was her very nature to rise upward and fly in sexual
     frenzy as He spoke to her of such things. Many times, already, He
     had watched her rise to the command of His voice and the siren
     song that brought her wet submissions before Him. For Linda...
     ..."linda"... ...the slave of Master Paul....needed only His
     voice to begin her flight into their realm, and they both knew it
      well.....VERY WELL.  So well could He do this that she would
     NEVER AGAIN ever dare wear slacks or shorts in public with
     Him.....for to do so would be a supreme embarrassment to her,
     with an ever wet crotch and legs exposed to all who could see
     them and the results of HER MASTER'S VOICE upon her, every time
     He spoke to her.




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


     Part 2 - Chapter 7

     LINDA'S TRAINING AND OBEDIENCE BEGIN IN
     MARLA'S CASTLE OF "HELL"

     Having reflected, with pleasure, about what He would next do with
     His personal and complete slave and submissive, linda, Master
     Paul turned to survey the sights and scenes before Him.....the
     still begging, moaning, gurgling and screaming blond slave hung
     in the imprisoning blocks and rams a very short distance away and
     her Mistress, Mistress Marla, who was extracting the last ounce
     of "flight" out of the pleading, begging, moaning blond with
     hissing and swishing applications of the well oiled and
     continuously slapping cat, alternated with torments to the
     extremely rigid nipples and wide spread sex of the writhing
     blond.

     At the moment, Mistress Marla had her fist buried inside her
     "charge" and was amplifying and and orchestrating the beggings,
     screamings and moanings in a way all too familiar to Master Paul.
     The belly muscles of the blond rolled in continuous and constant
     spasms of pleasure and reaction to the activity being visited
     upon her feminine insides by this she-devil expert in such
     matters......who knew, perhaps better than Her "subject", what
     affects the manipulations were having and would have.

     As the beggings and moanings grew louder and more urgent in
     nature, Mistress Marla quickly popped Her closed fist out of the
     expanded wet cavity, causing the sweating blond to snap her head
     forward and stare at the She-devil in absolute fear and horror as
     the results of the quick manuever tore through her and then left
     her EMPTY..........and wanting to be refilled in the extreme.....

     "......Oh, NO MISTRESS!!!!.......PLEASE, MISTRESS.....
     ...PPPPPLLLLEEEAAASSSEEE DON'T STOP NOW...OH PLEASE? I'LL DO
     ANYTHING YOU ASK...AANNYYTTHHIINNGG!!!  Don't stop...
     ....pppllleeeaaasssseee???"

     "Please WHAT?....BITCH!", came the reply.

     Low and slowly......"please Mistress.....don't stop..."

     "Master Paul.....would you like to FINISH this simpering bitch
     for me?.......I'm tired of her....." came Mistress Marla's reply.

     "Oh nnnnnoooooooooooo, MISTRESS.......please no...not HIM!
     Please?"

     As the blond quaked and bucked in genuine fear and apprehension,
     Master Paul slowly walked over to stand beside Mistress Marla and
     to glare into the pale blue eyes of the spread, sweating beauty
     before them.

     "Here.....you take the cat and work with her for a while....I
     need to tend to linda for a while and get the holding cell
     prepared for this one.......see if you can take her the 'rest of
     the way', will you?" Marla said in a low even tone as she handed
     Him the cat, then turned and walked toward linda.

     Master Paul heard linda, behind Him, suck in her breath and then
     begin slowly and carefully pleading with the approaching Mistress
     Marla...... "no, Mistress......please......He's MY MASTER....
     ...MINE MISTRESS........HE"S MMMMMIIIINNNNNEEEEEEE...
     ..pppplllleeeeaaaassssee?"

     He did not turn around to watch what happened next, but He
     shuddered at the inadvertent omission linda had just made of the
     word "Mistress" at the end of her impassioned and sincere plea to
     Mistress Marla.......and heard the "results" of Mistress Marla's
     "reaction" as linda's low voice rose to a screaming, whining
     pleading crescendo........

     "AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH............NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOO-
     OOOOO ........OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOO...
     'MISTRESS'..........I'M SORRY MISTRESSS.......NO, NO, NO, PLEASE
     DON`T DO THAT TO ME........IT HURTS SO BAD............"

     Sounds of flesh on flesh reverberated through the room as linda
     continued to scream and plead her apologies to Mistress Marla and
     Mistress Marla continued to punish her for the transgression....
     .. now, TWICE, repeated.....

     Master Paul turned His head slightly and out of the corner of
     His eye, saw Mistress Marla drawing a nipple tightly downward by
     it's golden piercing ring as Her other hand whipped back and
     forth across the distended breast....He shuddered and refocused
     His attention on the still pleading but slowly settling down
     slave in the blocks and rams before Him...........

     "now, what was this about 'NOT HIM',........my spread, horny
     little misbehaving, submissive slut?..........hummmmmmm?"

     "No, SIR....I didn't mean it...SIR....honestly, I DIDN'T!!!" came
     the reply in a low and VERY submissive voice.

     "Oh, I'm sure....NOW....that's true, but let's see if you can
     make amends for your little transgression of 'choices', shall
     we?"

     He stepped between the outstretched legs and slowly inserted His
     fingers into the spread, blond's very very very wet 'valley'
     before Him and then slowly slid the lips open and slid His thumb
     and forefinger upward until He encountered the hooded little nub
     at the top. Carefully, thumb and forefinger surrounded the
     quivering small seat of extreme pleasure in all women and lightly
     gripping on either side, slowly, He descended thumb and fore-
     finger to the base and up tight against the seat of the nub....
     ...then tightening ever so slowly He began to stroke up and
     down....listening to the reaction........

     "oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh nnnnnnnnnnooooooooooo.......ppppppllllll
     eeeeeaaassseeee .......SIR.......aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh......." and
     the pleas died away in swift intakes of breath and a careful
     arching of the body TOWARD Him to lessen the pressure or do
     ANYTHING to stop the effect of this simplest of all "holds" of a
     Master on His female submissive "subject"................

     Long ago, many years back, He had learned a great deal about this
     sensitive and prone to so much pleasure nub, and how it could,
     when properly aroused and sensitized, be used as THE most potent
     and fearful form of PUNISHMENT a woman could experience.....while
     in the throes of sexual pleasure and either in or close to
     orgasm...and He knew exactly how much pressure to exert and how
     much "stroking" to do to extract what He wanted.........

     "Now, little blond, misbehaving, bitch.......fly for me........
     up....come up and show me what you can do for a Master when He
     'handles' you"...........as the gurgling, grunting, moaning and
     bearing down sounds began involuntarily to stream from the
     blond's wide open mouth and her head rolled around and around on
     her shoulders..........her body tensing like a tight bowstring...
     ...outward toward Him,......NEVER away............

     In the background, He could hear the hoist motor beginning to run
     as linda's pleas had died away to silence.

     The spreadeagled, sweating and arched blond attempted to keep up
     with the rhythm of her tormentor's thumb and fore finger. He
     could feel the tingling between them as she grunted and spasmed
     and attempted to do something, ANYTHING, to relieve the sexual
     pressure He was so expertly applying to her, on her and driving
     her with, through an orgasmic array of pleasure/pain torments
     like nothing she had ever experienced before....not even from her
     new Mistress, Mistress Marla........

     "What IS my name, my flying little slut....MY NAME?"

     "uuuuuhhhhhhhhh.......Mmmmmm, mmmmmm,  Mmmmmmmmassster PPPPPP,
     PPPPP PPPPPPAAAAUUUULLLL, sssss, ssss, sssssiiiirrrrrr........"

     Tightening slightly and quickening the stroke ever so slightly...
     "..........Whose MASTER, am I, bitch?"

     IIIIIIII, IIIIIII, I don't know, MMMAAASSSTTTERRRR......."

     "Shall we FIND OUT,.......RIGHT NOW......whose MASTER I AM?
     Hummmmmm?"

     "NO!.....PLEASE!......NO!, NO!, NO!...PPPPLLLLEEEAAASSSEEE......
     .......NNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOO........."

     Tighter....faster........"no, WHAT, BITCH???"

     "........mmmmmmaaaaasssstttttteeeeerrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!.....uuuuuuuu-
     uuuuhhhhhhhhh...........uuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmm........."
     trailed off the answer as the head bobbed wildly around and the
     body arched toward Him even further...............

     "That's correct....SLAVE.......YOUR Master............YOURS! So
     long as I have you where I want you and YOU want to be, you are
     MINE!"

     "........aaaahhhhhhhh....yes Master......yyyyyoooouuuurrrrssss!"

     He released the thumb and forefinger and quickly withdrew
     them.....as the grunting and moaning mouth exploded in a........

     "NO MASTER....NO NO NO NO........PLEASE DON'T STOP IT...
     ...PPPPPLLLLEEEAAASSEEE!"

     "Beg, me......convince me to resume........"

     "oh god......please Master.....please....I'll do anything you
     want....take me.....use me.......but....pppppplllleeeeeaasssseeee
     ...ffffiiiinnniiiisssshhhh MMMMMMMEEEEE....PPPPPPPLLLLLEEEEAAAAA-
     SSSSEEEEE!" came the expected reply.

     "Take you? Use you?.....what sort of language is that, slave?"

     "FFFFFFUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKK MMMMEEEEE, MMMMMAAAASSSSTTTTEEEERRRRRR..
     ...RRRRAAAAMMMM YYYYOOOUUUURRRRR CCCCOOOOCCCCKKKK IIINNNN
     MMMMYYYY CUNT! STUFF MY ASS WITH IT........TEAR MY NIPPLES OFF..
     .....ANYTHING.....BUT PLEASE, MASTER, FFFFFFIIIINNNNIIIISSSSHHHHH
     MMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEE! PLEASE, MASTER!"

     He stepped back and set the cat in motion, up through the wet
     spread valley before Him, swiftly and HARD, taking particular
     care to have the tips lick continuously exactly where His thumb
     and forefinger had been before........over and over and over...

     As the sweating, straining blond arched into the licking, oiled
     strands and hissed...literally hissed..........

     "yyyyeeeesssssss.....MMMMMAAAAASSSTTTEEEERRRRR.......HURT ME
     MORE...YYYYYYEEEEEESSSSSSSSSS....SSSSSOOOOO GGGGGOOOOOOOOODDDDDDD
     ....CCCCCCUUUUUUMMMMMMINNNNGGGGG, MMMMMMASTER....CUMMING.....
     NNNNOOOOOWWWWW!"

     ....And the body before Him arched one last time, straining
     outward and then went slack in the rams and blocks as the head
     rolled over backwards and the eyes slid closed.......FINISHED...
     ...OUT LIKE THE PROVERBIAL LIGHT............

     He tossed the cat across the room onto the leather covered bench,
     and, after checking His swooning 'charge' to make certain she was
     breathing normally and in no danger, He turned and walked toward
     linda and Mistress Marla.

     The sight before Him shocked him, at first. Mistress Marla had
     removed the spreader rods or bars from between the trays linda
     was strapped into, kneeling, thus allowing her legs to splay out
     wider, or so it seemed. As He studied the position more
     carefully, He realized that linda now controlled the spread of
     the trays and her legs......and she could move them wider,
     outward or draw them in tight, at will.

     Except for ONE SMALL FACTOR.....Mistress Marla was standing
     behind her, commanding...."spread em...you bitch....wider...
     ...wider yet......slut.....wider.......wider than that.....
     ...now, hold them their.........."

     As He watched, Mistress Marla began applying a crop with a
     leather loop on the end to the splayed and split wet slit before
     Her,......the legs started to close....and the commanding voice
     reverberated through the room.........

     "WIDER....YOU FUCKING BITCH....I SAID....WIDER!!!!! DO YOU HEAR
     ME?"

     "yyyyeeeeeesssss....MISTRESS.......anything you say...MISTRESS!"

     The crop toyed with the spread linda......teasing her all along
     her spread lips, caressing the rings and burrowing into the open
     valley......over and over and over as the legs closed ever so
     slightly in reaction to what was going on and then widened even
     more.

     Master Paul watched the scene in silence as Mistress and slave
     seemingly teased and worked together, with each other....it was
     difficult to determine just who, EXACTLY, was getting the most
     pleasure out of the episode before Him.

     "Ok, bitch, close em up...."

     The legs swung shut, pulling the broad leather strap over linda's
     back down taut. The strain of holding her legs that way showed on
     linda's body and her face as she tightened every muscle to do it.
     Marla slapped her naked behind with an open palm and said........
     ...."now hold em that way until I tell you otherwise....."

     Walking over to Him, Marla said to Paul..."I see you finished our
     little blond friend......good....I'll take her down and put her
     away to 'hang around' for a while.......you tend to linda for a
     while........she LIKES this "loose in the trays" gig..........."
     and with that, Marla  walked back toward the sagging, still
     sweating and now slightly shuddering blond in the blocks and
     rams.

     As Master Paul walked up close to the hanging linda, doubled up
     and bound tightly into her "kneeling trays" and up as high as the
     overhead hoist could take her, she raised her head up......He
     gave a slight shudder as He viewed an angry red welt across her
     cheek.  Straining, she tried to smile, ever so slightly, back at
     Him...but the effort was sort of pathetic....she looked, for all
     the world, like whipped, wet, straining and hurt puppy dog.
     Reaching up into the trolley drawer, He retrieved the control box
     and slowly lowered her down to the the floor where He discon-
     nected the hook from the D-Ring in the broad strap, raised the
     hook and cable back up and pushed the trolley back out of the
     way.

     Carefully, He released the broad leather strap that bound linda
     into the trays and from which she had been suspended and threw it
     over her back onto the floor on the other side of her. Next He
     disconnected the link between her cuffed wrists on her back and
     then, finally, He unbuckled the two broad, black leather straps
     on either leg and tray that held her down tight, kneeling in
     them. Placing His hands in her armpits, He raised her to sitting
     position in the trays, knees together and let her rest for a
     while, watching her carefully. She kept her head down and said
     not a word to Him. When she was upright He could see a small
     amount of dried blood on her left nipple and surmised that the
     nipple ring had torn her flesh.

     After a few minutes of rest, He took linda's hands in His and
     helped her off the elevated trays, to stand before Him, naked,
     head down and eyes lowered. No words were spoken between them. In
     the background He could hear Mistress Marla removing and moving
     the now wide awake blond to the far end of the room and a door
     being unlocked and opened. Shortly thereafter, the begging and
     pleading started all over from the blond, from inside the room..

     "Nooooo Mistress....not up there.......no, please....not TONIGHT!
     Let me sleep in the bed upstairs, please, Mistress." There was a
     loud crack of a crop on bare flesh and a long, moaning whimper,
     then silence. He focused His attention back on linda........

     "Spread your legs and stand with them apart for a while......."

     She slowly spread them open about three feet and stood there,
     hands at her sides, head and eyes lowered. He walked around
     behind her and ran His hand up and down her naked back and
     behind, slowly caressing her as she shivered under His touch. He
     took her hair, from the rear, in His left hand and drew her head
     back so her eyes were staring up at the ceiling, and said........

     "Now, MY slave, MY total submissive and MY possession, are we
     ready to begin learning how YOUR MASTER wishes you to obey Him?"

     The answer, unhesitatingly, softly, and very clipped and short,
     came back.......

     "yes, MASTER"

     "Kneel on the carpet, legs apart as they are."

     "yes, Master"

     "Put your behind down tight on the floor between your legs."

     "yes Master"

     Releasing her hair, "head down, eyes down, chin on your chest"

     "yes Master"

     "Place the tops of your feet on the carpet, toes pointing
     backward and place your hands, palms upward, on the tops of your
     thighs"

     "Yes, Master"

     "This is the position I want you to take every time you come to
     me to be my slave and fly for me....do you understand ME?"

     "YES, MASTER....I UNDERSTAND, MASTER"

     Walking around in front of her, He stood, just in front of her, a
     foot or so from her spread knees and placing His hands in her
     hair, bent her forward between the spread knees as He said....

     "Place your hands behind your back, one palm in the other,
     straight back, and lick my feet, slave....."

     From below, "yes, Master" and then the feeling of a soft tongue
     sliding over the tops of first one foot and then the other, and
     the head moving as the tongue searched for, found and licked,
     carefully, ten separate toes and then withdrew and the lips
     gently kissed each foot.......

     He sighed through a knowing grin as he stared down at the still
     wet head of chestnut colored hair and the trembling arms, hands
     and body below Him. She was obviously, completely enjoying this,
     far more than He was or that He had hoped that she would.

     He reached down and took her shoulders, palm under each, and sat
     her back up, saying.......

     "When we 'meet', each time, you will do what you just did when I
     stand where I just did, after you have assumed the position....
     ....understand?"

     "Oh, YES, Master.....I understand!" and a long shuddering sigh
     from the down turned mouth could be plainly heard.

     "Place your hands, palm up, back on your thighs."

     "Yes, Master"

     Walking behind her, took her hair in both His hands, at the rear
     of her head, and drew her backward, as he said.....

     "Close your eyes and lie back slowly.......all the way back
     between your legs...."

     "yes, Master....thank you Master"

     "For what?"

     "For showing me YOUR WAYS for me Master"

     "Do you like them?"

     "Oh,....YYYEEEESSSS MASTER.....VERY VERY MUCH, Master" came the
     reply.

     "This, my sole slave and only possession, is your FIRST POSITION
     before YOUR Master and it's three separate variations. You will
     always sit this way, upright, when you are with me, even in the
     car, which you have already done and therefore know, don't you?"

     "YES, MASTER!" (a shudder as memories of that returned to her)

     "In the forward position, you greet me as you did, with lips and
     tongue, just as you did tonight, for the first time....every time
     we begin...without me telling you to....do you understand?"

     Yes, Master...I understand Master...COMPLETELY, MASTER!" (another
     sigh and shudder).

     "It does not matter who is in the room. If you are naked and have
     come to serve me, you will do this.....do you understand?"

     "Yes Master.....may I ask you a question Master?"

     "Yes"

     "Will you have others with us, Master, when we are together this
     way?"

     "Perhaps, but that depends on what you and I agree to, my
     slave...between us and ONLY us!"

     "Yes, Master....I understand you, Master" (a long, contented
     sigh)

     "In the forward position, I may bind and strap you tightly, and
     leave you there if you misbehave or disobey me in MINOR ways, do
     you understand me?"

     "YES, MASTER" (strong, clipped and very quickly said)

     "And in this, backward position, legs spread wide, your back and
     head upon the floor, toes pointed back and soles of your feet
     exposed upward along side you, hands palm up on your thighs, and
     legs spread wide open.....in THIS POSITION you shall receive
     SEVENS for things such as failing to call me Master after each
     set of words or answers you speak to me.........do you understand
     me?"

     "yes"

     He smiled and chuckled to himself as he slowly left her and
     walked over to the leather covered bench and retrieved the well
     oiled and previously well USED cat and then walked back to stand
     beside her.

     "I see......my misbehaving wench! You've just EARNED a seven,
     haven't you?"

     "YES..........MASTER!" came the reply.

     "Sevens are administered with a cat or a crop upon the soles of
     your feet, the palms of your hands, upon your bare breasts and
     upon the 'valley of your Master's pleasures', in rotation...
     ...seven separate strokes to seven separate and predetermined
     locations, always the same.....do you understand me, slave?"

     A long shudder, and low moan followed by a timid "yes, Master".

     And with that, He carefully whipped the soles of her feet, the
     palms of her hands, each breast and then laid the crop, length-
     wise, up the middle of her spread legs in quick succession, as
     she moaned and spread her legs wider and thrust her chest body
     upward to meet the last three "strokes".

     "That is a SEVEN, slave"

     "I like them, MASTER........I like them very very much, MASTER!"

     "Some slaves fear them a great deal........they will beg and
     plead to avoid them."

     "NOT YOUR SLAVE, MASTER......I.....LIKE.....THEM.....MASTER... A
     LOT, MASTER!!!" came the unhesitating reply.

     Somehow, He knew that would be her answer,.....He knew it!

     "One final item..........the punishment for you rejecting me or
     ejecting me, ANY PART of me......from your mouth or any other
     orifice of your body....from the valley of MY pleasures or any
     where else.........is A SEVEN-FIVE-SEVEN......this you will
     DEFINITELY NOT LIKE, slave"

     "yes, Master?" (a long shudder)

     "SEVEN continuous SEVENS, administered hard and fast, in quick
     succession, followed by FIVE MINUTES of *THIS*"........stooping
     down, He reached between her splayed legs, running His thumb and
     forefinger up from the VERY WET soft and lightly spasming mouth
     of her sexual passage until the hooded and tingling stem of her
     sexual core was between His thumb and fore finger as the blond's
     had been just a short time ago.........

     "OH, NO MASTER.......I won't EVER reject you or push you out of
     me.....EVER....NOT EVER.......MASTER.........I promise you.....
     .....I will take you inside me and service you......I won't
     reject you.......EVER, MY MASTER........" and a low moan as the
     finger and thumb tightened and slowly gripped her in the most
     intimate and "knowing" of ways........"NO, MASTER.....NEVER,
     MASTER.......NOT EVER...MASTER!!!!" she shot back at Him, tersely
     and fully meaning every word as the full impact of FIVE MINUTES
     of this registered upon her......

     He watched the knot of fear tighten in her belly muscles and
     ripple across her lower torso as her breath quickened......
     ...and released her and stood back up.

     "Master?"

     "Yes?"

     "Would you REALLY do that to me for FIVE MINUTES, Master, if I
     rejected you from my mouth or 'other places' Master?"

     "Without hesitation, slave.....WITHOUT HESITATION!"

     "Thank you, Master....I understand, Master"

     Walking behind her, He placed the palms of His hands under her
     shoulders and raised her to an upright, 'normal' kneeling version
     of His FIRST POSITION and left her there, head down, eyes cast
     downward, palms on thighs, upward, knees spread far far apart and
     walked to the far end of the room to the open door leading into
     what looked like a black leather lined cell of some sort. As He
     walked, he thought about how wet linda had been when He had
     demonstrated the SEVEN-FIVE-SEVEN......wetter then when Marla,
     Mistress Marla, had been working on her earlier and when he had
     His hand up inside her........

     He now KNEW linda absolutely reacted, with extreme hunger and
     fear built passion, to the routines He had just explained and
     demonstrated. Any woman He had ever used them on previously, had
     done the same. They were HIS punishments and position(s)...
     ...uniquely His. Something He had slowly developed over the years
     after working with several good slaves.....full and complete
     submissives....sexual submissives, all......and He understood the
     effect of the kneeling, spread position as it tensioned and
     focused tendons and muscles and amplified the sexual effect of
     His words and His actions or attentions on His slave(s). From
     what linda had previously done, He knew she was familiar with the
     workings of the position and could do it for long periods of
     time, effortlessly, it seemed. He would find that out, for sure,
     shortly.

     Stepping through the door to the cell, He was greeted by a
     strange and wild sight, on the wall to His left, framed in solid
     black leather..........

     "Come here, Master Paul, and see the 'resting position' of my
     little blond bitch slave you wore out, out there!" Marla
     exclaimed to Him as he walked toward them.

     There, on a long, padded and leather covered wall, was the blond
     slave, bound tight to it, face outward, splayed in a wide "X",
     no part of her touching floor or ceiling, black leather straps
     anchoring her tightly to the wall at wrists, forearms, and upper
     arms above, across her forehead, a wide, ball gag containing
     strap over her mouth, a padded blinder strap over her eyes, a
     very wide strap across her upper chest under her arms, a wider
     one yet across her belly and four wide straps across her upper
     and lower legs, splayed out below as her arms were above. From
     between her legs came a two inch wide strap that rose upward and
     buckled to a strap and belt buckle riveted to the strap over her
     belly......a strap that passed through leather loops on the ends
     of buried shafts that filled her, front and back, and from which
     two wires ran from each shaft base to a small, many knobbed,
     black box on the wall. On each nipple,  was affixed a butterfly
     nipple clamp, from which hung a fair sized lead weight.

     As He approached the strapped up blond He could hear her muffled,
     guttural moans and protests but not much else. Marla ran Her
     hands over the bound and spread blond's splayed body and then
     walked to the the black box and turned dials. A low humm came
     from the buried shafts inside the now quivering blond. As Marla
     turned the knobs the humm grew louder and louder. Satisfied, She
     released the knob and walked over to Master Paul.

     "You like my little special resting arrangement for this bitch,
     Master Paul?"

     It was then that He noticed four extra pairs of wires coming out
     from under the crotch dividing and splitting black leather strap
     and going up to the many knobbed control box......

     "What are the other four sets of wires for, Marla?"

     "Oh, those......deep inside her pussy are two silver 'eggs' with
     vibrators in them......in between the two plugs, front and rear,
     there is another one, laid crossways and held tight there with
     the strap, and finally, there is another, buried above the front
     shaft, in the slit, up against her clit, above, just below it and
     just touching it. I only have the vibrators on in the shafts at
     present, which, incidentally, I can expand or contract inside her
     with one of the knobs.......the shafts will expand outward or
     shrink inward........watch......"

     She went back to the many knobbed box and began adjusting other
     knobs.  Each adjustment brought a 'reaction' from the helplessly
     bound and spread slave......and the weights on the nipple clamps
     began to sway and bob continuously as the adjustments were made.

     As Mistress Marla adjusted and 'tuned' the knobs and the devices
     they controlled, the strapped open slave's toes began to curl
     involuntarily, and her fists clenched.....He could see her jaws
     tighten, also, as she bore down on the ball gag with her teeth...

     Marla continued to adjust and tune as the belly muscles of the
     now jerking blond ripple with sexual excitement and reactions...
     ...the muscles in her neck and the rest of her body began to
     tighten, visibly, and her breath, through only her nostrils, came
     in quick, deep snorts.

     Paul watched the Mistress continue making adjustments out of the
     corner of His eyes as he watched the 'reactions' they caused on
     the strapped body before Him.........several final adjustments
     caused the blond to stiffen visibly and mightily, after which a
     long snorting sigh was heard and she went limp in the straps,
     toes uncurling, palms opening and all muscles relaxing.......

     Mistress Marla stepped away from the box and walked over to Him
     to stand next to Him...........

     "OUT!....Like a light!........In record time, too!....... Watch
     what happens next as she comes around.....I've left the devices
     where they were set when she went out......watch....I'll be back
     in a minute."

     She left the room and He stood there watching the limp blond
     strapped to the wall before Him. After several minutes, the toes
     and fingers moved slightly, and then the body, strapped tight as
     it was, jerked wildly against the straps and a long series of
     gagged, protesting moans and muffled screams could be heard as
     the fists tensioned and released and the toes curled and un-
     curled.........and that process went on for several more minutes,
     accompanied, always, by the panting, snorting sounds of increased
     breathing through the nose and the onset and increase of the
     rippling belly muscles and then a general tightening of all
     muscles, over the entire body, followed by a long muffled scream
     or moan and then total relaxation as the blond went 'lights out'
     again.

     Marla came back in the room just as the strapped up slave was
     coming back to life a second time.......

     "See?.....She's good for dozens of those, through the night....
     and when I'm through with her, she'll do ANYTHING I ask of her or
     command her to do........this little trick is my 'specialty',
     Master Paul.......I take uncooperative women who may not want to
     do my bidding and be my slave or someone else's, especially women
     who are, shall we say, less then appreciative of sexually
     pleasing a man or a woman to whom they belong or will belong, and
     I teach them to appreciate VOLUNTARY SEX through long and
     continuous INVOLUNTARY ORGASMS AND FULL CLIMAXES TO UNCON-
     SCIOUSNESS in this fully bound and helpless position....."

     Marla walked over to the now orgasmically rising blond and pulled
     the nipple clamps out fiercely from her chest with one hand and
     began whipping the tensioned breasts with the crop She held in
     Her other hand..........continuously over, under, in between and
     on the sides of each breast.......as the blond's muffled screams
     and gurgling moans rose and the toes curled and fists clenched
     once again and she again passed out.......this time, coated from
     head to toes with sweat.........and with a solid golden stream
     of urine streaming down her limp legs onto the terrazzo floor
     below her; streaming off the ends of her toes in multiple golden
     waterfalls.

     Marla turned around and walked back to Master Paul.

     "Come on out here.....I want to show you something linda built
     for me....designed......a while back.....from memory.......I just
     moved her for you so you can see her handiwork used on her....."
     and Marla and Paul walked out of the cell, Marla closing the
     door, with a final sounding slam, behind her. As the door slammed
     shut, Master Paul thought about the endless series of orgasms the
     blond would experience through the coming hours and He shuddered.
     ...it was not good to leave a slave that way, unattended.

     As His eyes focused on the room before him, in the dim, infra-red
     light, He saw linda, stretched horizontal in the middle of the
     room where the blond had been in the rams and blocks. Only,
     linda was stretched between four rams with her hands and feet in
     the black rubber blocks, spreadeagled, face up, horizontally,
     about crotch height with a fifth ram rising from the floor and
     under her back. All five rams were coming out of the floor, and
     none were extending down from the ceiling, as before with the
     blond. The one at her middle back had a rubber block or pad that
     gripped her from the top of her behind, along her back for maybe
     eighteen inches toward her shoulder blades. The block was huge
     and rose up around her sides. An eighteen inch wide black leather
     strap rose out of one side of the huge block and passed over her
     belly to anchor tightly to the rubber block's other side.

     Linda was exactly horizontal, fully spread and very very tightly
     tensioned out of the large belly and back block toward each
     outer, spread ram and hand or foot encasing rubber block. As He
     walked around to her head, hanging backward, hair dangling down
     toward the floor, He said........

     "Well, lovely slave....what have we here?"

     "Alex's RAMS, MASTER!" came the terse reply.

     "I see.........do you 'like' them, slave?"

     "NO MASTER!!!" came the terser reply, filled with fear which was
     emphasized by a long shudder through her body.

     "I see.......who put you in these, slave?"

     "ALEX, MASTER!" another shudder.

     "Did Alex hurt you in these?"

     "YES, MASTER!"

     "Are you afraid of them?"

     "Terrified, MASTER....."

     "Then why are you in them, MY lovely slave?"

     "Mistress Marla put me in them to show you what Alex did to me,
     Master"




                   The Epic Adventures of Linda in Life


     Part 3, Chapter 1

     LINDA DESCRIBES AND MISTRESS MARLA DEMONSTRATES
     "ALEX'S RAMS"


     Standing behind the sweating face and hair of His newly
     acquired slave and possession, between her outstretched and
     tightly tensioned arms, Master Paul gazed downward at the eyes
     and below Him. They were filled with REAL fear and yet there was
     an ever present, all consuming, constant hunger glowing in them
     as linda gazed back at Him and said........

     "may I explain, to MY NEW MASTER, about the 'rams', please...
     ...MASTER?"

     "You may begin.....slave."

     "A couple of years ago, I ran away from 'home', and Johnny,
     Master. I hitch hiked across the country, mostly with truckers
     and businessmen in their cars and trucks, pleasing them as they
     wished, and only I could, in payment for the rides they gave me.
     I ended up in California, where I 'worked' my way from Sacramento
     to San Francisco, down the coast to Santa Barbara, into Los
     Angeles and then, eventually into San Diego. By the time I got to
     San Diego, I had several thousand dollars saved up and neatly
     tucked away in my purse, garment bag and black leather 'equipment
     bag', Master."

     "I see........and how did you come by all that money, slave?"

     "You know, Master....I 'worked' for it.....you know......"

     "No, I don't *KNOW*.........tell me, specifically, how you
     'worked for it', slave!"

     "Nooooooo, Master.....pppplllleeeaaassseee!!!! Don't make me tell
     about that...it's 'dirty'.....please Master....NO?"

     "Tell me!!!"

     "I.....I.......I....'made love' to men for money, Master....."

     "You *FUCKED* and *SUCKED* them for money, is what you mean don't
     you? You whored for them.....correct?"

     "......yyyyyyyeeeeessssss,.....Master............." came the
     quiet and subdued reply as the eyes closed and the head turned
     sideways to avoid His stare......."

     "OPEN YOUR EYES AND LOOK AT ME, YOU WHORE!!!!" came the instant
     response to linda's actions.

     The head snapped back to a face upward position and the eyes, now
     genuinely filled with fear, remorse and dread, stared up at Him
     in a questioning and wholely anticipating way.

     "That's better........now, after having whored your way down the
     California coast to San Diego, what did you do there, slave?"

     "I....I rented a very very nice apartment, Master, on the top
     floor of a very very exclusive apartment building....one with a
     lot of security and doormen and maids and things like that...I
     furnished it with the money I made on the way down and with all
     the money I made in the first couple of months that I was in the
     apartment, Master. It was beautiful. I loved it, Master."

     ".....And....???"

     "Then, I MET ALEX, Master.....MASTER ALEX!!!"

     "How?"

     "In a bar one night, Master......I was 'working' and He sat down
     across the bar from me and started 'doing things to me', Master..
     ...you know...what I mean...like you did at the Lounge, Master..
     ...only I wasn't dancing...I was sitting there, 'working',
     Master."

     Linda raised her head and glanced furtively and apprehensively at
     Mistress Marla, who was standing between her wide stretched legs,
     listening attentively to her every word.........

     "Master.....may I please tell you about JUST these rams.....
     please....and wait until later or another time to tell you about
     Alex, how I met Him and how I came to learn the rams from first
     hand experience with them......please Master?"

     Paul glanced upward and forward at Marla who had a very
     dissatisfied frown on her face at that point, and then He glanced
     downward at the now lowered head and eyes of His new slave....
     eyes that were pleading for relief from going on with the
     tale.....

     "Yes.....you may tell me ONLY about the rams, slave....BEGIN!"

     "Master, as I explain, may Mistress Marla demonstrate them WITH
     ME IN THEM....please, Master?"

     "YES.....BEGIN, SLAVE!"

     "....these rams, Master, are exactly like the ones used in the
     'training place' Master Alex helped design in Mexico....Master.
     They are VERY SPECIAL, Master....they can do things to a slave in
     ways no one would ever EVER dream of or think possible.....the
     rubber hand and foot 'molds' are special and are custom made for
     each slave. They were serial numbered and marked just like the
     slaves they were used on, Master......."

     Marla walked to the block encapsulating linda's left hand and,
     inserting a special, seven sided, custom made allen wrench in
     four holes in the corners of the black rubber block, carefully
     unlocked the upper half of the block and removed it for Him to
     see.

     As He turned to stare down at the hand within the opened block,
     with Marla holding the upper half in Her hands away from the
     hand encasing lower half, linda twisted her head sideways and
     looked toward her left hand........

     "....the hand block has two sets of molds inside it. The one that
     my hand is in now allows a Master or Mistress to curl a slave's
     palm and fingers around the steel gripping bar across it and
     close her fist over it. When the upper block is replaced and
     locked, she is holding on to the gripping bar, Master. The fist
     is closed but the fingers are spread by the rubber projections
     that go between the fingers......."

     Marla turned the upper half block up so he could see the ridges,
     of solid black rubber.... wide ridges that spread the fingers.

     "...it's very very uncomfortable, Master.....not like holding
     onto a trapeze ring or anything, Master.......it's....it's...
     ...very very....very scarey and uncomfortable, Master....."

     "I see....and the other position is with the hand, palm up, and
     fingers spread and outstretched and set in the other five spread
     channels above the gripping bar, I take it?", He asked.

     "Yes......Master....exactly....MASTER.........palm upward..
     ...fingers extended and spread wide, Master......."

     Marla silently replaced and relocked the block in the four
     corners with a half twist of the special allen wrench, then
     walked to linda's left foot and opened the bottom 'foot block'.

     A similar two position arrangement could be seen in that
     block...one with the foot extended and toes severally pointed,
     AND WIDELY SPREAD BY THE SAME SORT OF BLACK RUBBER CHANNELS OR
     SPLITTING DIVIDERS....and the other which allowed a normal, 'flat
     footed' position, but again, with the toes channeled and divided
     by black rubber.

     He nodded and Marla replaced and relocked the left foot block
     with four cornered half twists of the allen wrench. Mistress
     Marla placed the wrench on a shelf overhead and resumed Her
     position between linda's legs, a foot or so away from the now
     glistening nether lips........

     "....would my Master like a demonstration of the rams and how
     they can be used on His slave,.......Master?"

     "Yes....."

     Marla retrieved yet another control box and cable from overhead
     and began to operate it. It had five toggle like switches or
     posts on it that looked like miniature 'rams' themselves.

     ".....by pushing or pulling on the switches, Master, you can make
     the rams go up or down......by pushing them forward, backward or
     sideways, either way, you can make them move in the direction you
     have pushed the switch....."

     Marla demonstrated by moving linda's left foot ram up and down,
     side to side and forward and backward, ever so slightly....to
     move it more than slightly, away from linda, appeared as though
     it would tear her leg off her body......

     "Tell me something, my lovely, stretched slave.....can a Master
     actually stretch His slave in these rams to the point where she
     has her joints dislocated at the knees, hips, elbows and/or
     shoulders?"

     With a quick shudder and a long fearful, moaning sigh, the answer
     came back instantly and very fear filled and clipped...."YES,
     MASTER!!!"

     "Did Alex or anyone ever do that to you?"

     Another quick shudder and REAL fear in pleading eyes....."YES,
     MASTER...ONCE HE DID....HE NEVER HAD TO DO IT AGAIN.....I
     'BEHAVED' AND DID AS I WAS TOLD AFTER THAT, MASTER.....ALWAYS!!!"

     As if to emphasize the point, Marla flicked the four switches in
     such a way that all four hand and foot rams moved outward away
     from linda's body or torso......the 'reaction' was immediate and
     LOUD....

     "NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOO, MISTRESS.....PLEASE......DON'T DO THAT TO
     ME...I'll DO ANYTHING YOU WANT.......PLEASE.......MISTRESS????"

     The rams stopped but stayed tensioned. Linda moaned as her voice
     died off to silence with real fear in her eyes as she gazed up at
     Him.

     Mistress Marla, with a satisfied and very very perverse grin on
     Her face, said to Him...."why don't you stand back out of the way
     and I'll demonstrate the 'rams' for you,....MASTER Paul.....?"

     He hesitated, greatly, to move, looking down into the still fear
     filled eyes of linda below Him.....as He thought about what kind
     of monster could have dreamt up these things....with all their
     potential for real harm and damage.......and as He stood looking
     at her, linda said to Him......

     "It's OK, Master.......Mistress Marla won't hurt me, Master...not
     in any PERMANENT WAY....MASTER......may she 'do me' with the rams
     Master? REALLY DO ME.....MASTER?.....PLEASE?"

     The eyes and voice pleaded for Him to 'allow' it.....so he
     responded, looking from linda to Marla, with....."YOU MAY
     BEGIN!!!"

     Marla tensioned the rams a bit more which brought a further round
     of pleas and promises from linda to DO ANYTHING Marla wanted of
     her, and once tensioned and spread very very tightly, Marla put
     the control box back up above and retrieved a well oiled, very
     long stranded cat with knotted instead of plain ends on it.

     Systematically, Marla applied the cat over the stretched linda
     with a furor and fury unlike anything Master Paul had ever seen
     before. As linda screamed and moaned and begged, not for surcease
     or for Mistress Marla to stop, but for MORE....always and
     forever MORE, Marla walked the oiled, black leather strands of
     the cat over the slickly oiled body of the naked, sweating and
     stretched linda.......concentrating, at the end of the series, on
     breasts and gold ringed nipples and on the ringed nether lips....
     .......driving linda into a continuous climax as orgasm after
     orgasm rolled through her tightly stretched body....nothing
     touching her but the knot ended nine tails of the well oiled cat.

     With a wild, long, plaintive scream and cry, linda passed out and
     her head dropped back to hang limp between her horizontally
     stretched arms. The flatted breasts and their reddened, ringed
     nipples, now very rigid, heaved with her breath, telling Master
     Paul she was breathing and....so far....OK.

     Marla walked around linda and reached up into the ceiling over
     her chest and drew down two wires with nipple clamps at the ends
     of them. Working swiftly, she captured each nipple in a clamp
     with the wire leading from the clamp, loosely, upward to the
     ceiling where it was anchored or tied off. She walked back
     between linda's legs and similarly attached two clamps to the
     lips of her wet, spread sex. Then, reaching upward, she again got
     the five switch control box and laid it in the palm of her left
     hand.  Carefully, Mistress Marla extended her palm over the five
     switches and pressed downward.

     Linda sank slowly downward before Master Paul's eyes, and, after
     several inches of downward movement, the nipple and nether lip
     attached clamps and wires began to tension and pull up tightly
     and increasingly.........

     "....aaaaaaahhhhhhhhh......MMMMMIIIIIISSSSTTTTTRRRRREEEEEESSSSS..
     .........NNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOO......." came the scream from a
     now wide awake linda........

     Yet, linda still moved downward as the clamps and their
     restraining wires stayed UP, stationary, with their tender
     clamped 'cargo' stretching away from her body........until, amid
     wild screams for mercy, relief, and long begging pleas of
     "ANYTHING....MISTRESS...AAAAANNNNNYYYYYTTTTHHHHIIINNNGGGG!",
     Marla raised her palm and linda stopped moving downward.

     Marla walked to a wall and retrieved a short, wicked looking,
     fine stranded whip, a miniature 'cat' in it's own right, and then
     walked back to linda and began to systematically whip the four
     clamp and wire stretched portions of linda's most sensitive and
     intimate parts..........viciously and in rotation.......

     As He was about to intervene and stop Marla short, She ceased the
     whipping and walked around to the head of the whimpering linda...

     "Give *ME* pleasure, you worthless, screaming, simpering....
     BITCH.........NOW........and when you *FINISH ME*,.....I'll stop
     whipping you!!!!"

     Marla advanced on linda and straddled her head, her open sex over
     a now rising mouth, lips and tongue........the lapping and
     sucking could be heard even where Master Paul stood, some feet
     away from them.....as Marla resumed the punishment of the two
     lips and two nipples with the whip and linda worked frantically
     and feverishly to 'get her off' so that the punishment would
     stop...

     Finally, after several minutes, Marla groaned and shuddered and
     the fearful whipping ceased. Master Paul stood on the side,
     watching and silently burning inside over what He had just
     witnessed. The scene and Marla's conduct upset Him greatly.

     A spent Marla retreated and revealed a face that was pathetically
     covered and soaked with female juices and a pair of pathetic,
     pleading eyes that somehow told Master Paul to stay away and
     leave them alone.

     He was LEARNING....slowly and very surely.....that His new slave
     had capacities and apparent "hungers" for EXTREME torment and
     submission beyond ANYTHING He had ever dreamt of, fantasized
     about or seen in His entire life in another submissive female OR
     male. He suspected, somehow, that Alex....MASTER Alex, as linda
     still persisted in calling HIM, had had a great deal to do with
     this.

     Linda licked her lips with her tongue as Mistress Marla once
     again moved to stand between the outstretched legs, control box
     in hand.

     "Now.....MASTER........I will demonstrate the full and complete
     terror and versatility of the 'rams'......"

     Marla flicked the switches and slowly raised the center ram and
     block that held linda's torso captive as She slowly lowered the
     hand and foot rams and moved them ever so slightly toward linda's
     torso to compensate for the downward lengthening and stretching
     of linda's limbs.......the clamps and their overhead anchored
     wires seemed to stay identically tensioned through the process,
     until linda was bowed in an arch, naked, sweating and oil
     covered, face upward. The eighteen inch rubber torso block was
     pliable enough to arch with the bowed, stretched and quivering
     body.

     Marla paused for a while and let Him study the 'position' and
     it's 'possibilities'.....the arched slave with stretched nipples
     and nether lips.......and then She reached out and quickly
     unclamped the four clamps......linda gave a high pitched scream
     as each clamp was released that died off into a final sobbing
     shudder when the last was hanging loose from the overhead wires.

     Slowly, with careful manipulation of the control box's switches,
     Marla moved the rams at linda's hands inward toward her torso as
     She raised the rams at the same time. As the hand rams came up
     along side the center ram linda's arms were stretched upward
     toward the ceiling and wide spread. Then, with similar expertise,
     Mistress Marla lowered the spread foot rams and moved them to a
     position along side the center ram and equally widespread like
     the hand rams. Slowly, Marla stretched the captured linda upward
     and downward, spreadeagled, vertically as the black leather belly
     strap and block behind linda's back rotated ninety degrees on the
     head of it's ram until linda was stretched to the limit in an
     upright position, the foot blocks about six inches off the floor.

     Having fully tensioned linda, once more, this time in a naked,
     spreadeagled, vertical position, Mistress Marla put the control
     box back up on it's shelf and began teasing linda's spread,
     glistening "valley of her Master's pleasures" as linda called it.
     Marla's other hand teased a rigid darkened nipple as She drove
     linda ever upward in to orgasmic "flight". The teasing, complete
     with insertion of one then two, then three, then four fingers,
     then a thumb and then the entire fist up inside linda, went on
     for many minutes as Paul listened to linda moaning and pleading
     her submissive's "more Mistress...please MMMOOORRREEE" hunger
     song.

     Tiring of the sexual teasing of the quivering, sweating,
     vertically spreadeagled slave, Mistress Marla retreated,
     retrieved the control box and with careful manipulations, placed
     linda back in the spread horizontal position and then reversed
     the raising and lowering of the hand and the foot rams so that
     when the manuever was completed, linda was again vertically
     spreadeagled, but this time, UP SIDE DOWN with her hand blocks
     about a foot off the floor. The foot rams were extended upward
     alongside linda and the hand rams were down near the floor,
     widespread. The eighteen inch belly strap and back block had
     rotated 180 degrees from it's former upright position.

     Linda's hair hung down toward the floor as the force of gravity
     caused her breasts and nipples to appear uplifted toward her
     hanging head and hair. Last minute adjustments further tensioned
     and spread the upside down linda after which Mistress Marla put
     the control box up and resumed Her teasing as before. Many
     minutes went by as Marla teased the sweating, upside down,
     spreadeagled slave into wild orgasms strung end to end. The pleas
     and moanings of the slave's hunger song went on and on and
     on....seemingly forever.

     Marla again tired of the teasing and ceased, walking over to
     Master Paul and saying, slyly,...."they're quite versatile, these
     five steel rams and their custom fitted blocks....aren't they
     MASTER Paul?"

     He didn't reply, but simply glanced from Marla to the upside
     down, shivering, sobbing, and spent linda and then back to Marla.

     Marla walked away from Him and, securing the control box from
     it's overhead perch, she started moving the rams and linda in the
     blocks until she was in an upright, seemingly seated position,
     about normal chair height off the floor, hands and arms overhead
     and together above her head and her thighs horizontal and calves
     and lower legs vertical and together. Slowly, Mistress Marla
     spread the legs with the foot rams and moved them back toward
     linda's torso as they spread wider and wider. The hand rams
     spread and lowered until linda's arms were vertical and stretched
     outward on either side of her body. When the rams ceased to move,
     linda was upright, seemingly kneeling in the air, legs widely
     splayed and knees tightly bent with her arms outward in a "swan
     dive" position. The spread nether lips were exposed as Master
     Paul had never ever seen before in His life. Then, slowly, Marla
     raised the five rams and linda upward, maintaining her in this
     position but raising her until her spread crotch was at eye
     level. Marla put the control box back and picked up the vicious
     short and thin stranded black oiled cat. As she approached linda,
     the pleas began........

     "NO MISTRESS!!!!! NNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! PLEASE!!! I'm too
     open MISTRESS!!!! You'll kill me.....MISTRESS.......
     .....PPPPLLLLEEEEAAASSSSEEE!"

     But all to no avail.......as the thin short strands began
     whirling in a circle and advanced on the exposed spread valley.
     As they made contact the deep and now open wet channel began to
     contract and expand as the strands caressed and teased fearfully
     and continuously.

     Tiring of this teasing, pseudo-whipping, Marla tossed the small
     cat on the floor and picked up the real thing with it's nine
     knotted strands. Slowly, Mistress Marla walked behind linda and
     amidst wild screaming protests for Her NOT to do it, She began
     applying the cat, systematically, from behind the "seated" linda,
     between her legs and up through the wet spread valley to slap
     across the belly strap. The screams became long and plaintive
     begging, not for relief, but for MORE! Always, forever and
     hungeringly MORE! The session went on for many minutes as the
     spread lips became red as fire and the expanding and contracting
     empty sex reflected the sexual excitement being delivered and
     extracted from the "seated" spread slave.

     linda screamed and begged for relief and ever more....always
     MORE.

     Finally, Marla tired of the punishing, sexual catting of linda
     and threw the cat on the floor. Master Paul stood off to the
     side and continued to observe, remembering linda's soft request
     for Him to "watch".

     Marla walked around in front of linda and slowly unbuckled the
     eighteen inch belly strap. Then, grabbing the control box from
     overhead She lowered the center ram and it's block, now freed
     from linda or vice versa, to the floor. Using the allen wrench,
     she removed the block from the ram and walked over to the wall to
     a large black conical item stowed there. She motioned to Him to
     come help her and He did. The two of them moved the three foot
     high black cone with a six foot in diameter base over to the
     center ram, lowered to the floor below linda's spread and
     kneeling style legs. Carefully, Mistress Marla attached the huge
     black cone to the ram and made some adjustments and connections.
     Satisfied, she walked back over to the wall and came back with a
     very large diameter rubber cock that was no more than five or
     six inches long and had a flared base. The top of the member was
     perhaps an inch and a half in diameter and the base, perhaps two
     and a half or three inches. Walking up to the black cone, Marla
     unscrewed a portion of the top and screwed the rubber dildo in
     it's place. It fit perfectly, it's base aligning with the
     truncated cone in an even fit all the way around. It was then,
     that Paul noticed the leather straps on the sides of the cone.

     Glancing at Master Paul briefly, Marla said..."now, MASTER, we
     begin to 'TRAIN' your slave Alex's way......"

     Which brought the now lethargic linda fully to an attentive mode
     as she lean her head down, chin on chest, and, for the first
     time, THAT NIGHT, stared with horror at the black and ominous
     cone andit's mounted cock on top.........

     "MISTRESS!!!! You pppprrrroooommmiiiiisssseeeeddd you wouldn't
     use IT! Please....NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOO!"

     Control box in hand, Mistress Marla raised the cone and it's ram
     upward and by guiding linda carefully, She inserted the rubber
     cock and slowly ram inserted it to it's based in the now grunting
     linda who was "accepting" the 'lover' with wild and continuous
     protests. Inserted, Marla ceased to raise the cone, set the
     control box down and went about disconnecting the hand and foot
     blocks from linda with the allen wrench. When Marla was finished,
     Linda sat astride the black cone, the shaft buried deep inside
     her, her legs down the sides of the cone, split exactly ninety
     degrees. Quickly, Marla secured the black leather straps on the
     cone around linda's thighs and ankles, pinning her to the cone.
     Picking up the control box, Marla backed the hand and foot rams
     away, far in front and back of linda. Linda's hands and arms
     were free but there was nothing she could do with them. She
     leaned forward and backward and attempted to brace herself on the
     black, onyx-like, surfaced cone, but it was heavily oiled and
     slippery, making the effort futile, at best.

     The rubber male member, which, at first, to Master Paul, did not
     seem outrageously long but did seem very wide at the base, slowly
     disappeared up inside linda as she tried to prevent it's advance
     and simply accomplished a deeper and faster penetration by her
     attempts to stop it. Any movement made her sink lower and further
     down onto the shaft until her lips were spread wide AND THE BLACK
     CONE WAS BEGINNING TO ENTER AND SPREAD HER EVEN WIDER!!!

     Slowly, Marla manipulated the controls and lowered linda, and the
     penetrating cone and completely buried shaft downward until the
     cone was almost resting on the floor. Almost...but NOT QUITE!

     Then, slowly, all but the upper foot or so of the cone began to
     rotate clockwise......THAT UPPER FOOT OR SO STAYED STATIONARY....
     and linda began to rotate with the cone, being tightly strapped
     to it, but not so tightly that she could not slide down in the
     straps around her thighs and ankles...........as the rotation
     slowly picked up speed, the friction began to raise wild protests
     from linda...........

     "......ohhhhh god, MISTRESS.....you PROMISED you wouldn't do this
     to me....yyyyooooouuuuu PPPPPRRRRROOOOMMMMIIIISSSSEEEEEDDDDD!!!!"

     "I lied, BITCH!"....came Mistress Marla's instant and clipped
     reply.

     The cone turned fairly slowly and then picked up speed.....as it
     did, a slight opening appeared below the upper foot of the cone
     and it's buried shaft and continued to widen as linda rose up and
     tension started to show in her legs......

     Marla stopped the cone, and tightened the straps on the ankles
     and thighs until they bit into the flesh deeply and held it
     locked securely. The open space between the upper section of the
     cone and the lower was now two to three inches.....satisfied,
     Marla picked up a set of wrist cuffs and attached them to linda's
     wrists, then pulled her arms behind her back and clipped the
     D-Rings on the cuffs together behind her back with a single gold
     link.

     Picking up the box, she resumed the rotation of the cone and now
     added a new motion to the device. The top foot of the cone,
     stationary and unmoving before, began to rise and fall, syste-
     matically pistoning in and out of the sweating, protesting
     linda as she picked up rotational speed and the cone and shaft
     drove up and down, relentlessly and mechanically, in and out of
     her.

     As linda rotated and the cone and shaft drove in and out of her,
     Marla set the control box down and picked up the long stranded
     cat with the knotted ends and began lashing linda as she rotated
     before her. The process continued for many minutes as the
     protests slowly switched to the old familiar "hunger song" for
     more and still more......ALWAYS MORE.......ALWAYS and in ALL
     WAYS!!!

     Marla picked up the control box and raised the rotating and now
     "flying" linda upward, cone and all.......up and up and up..
     ..until she was up where her head was but inches from the
     ceiling and the pistoning upper cone and shaft were at eye level
     for Master Paul to see plainly.........

     The catting and the systematic fucking of a rotating and pleading
     slave, begging for more and more, went on for what seemed like
     hours. Linda stayed upright, which amazed Him no end, until,
     finally, at the very end, she gave a wild screaming moan and
     slumped forward and downward at the waist to hang down with her
     nipples barely touching the cone and rubbing along it's oiled
     surface as she continued to rotate and the shaft drove up and
     down relentlessly.

     Master Paul started to walk toward Mistress Marla to stop the
     rotation and the pistoning shaft but She motioned Him away. He
     stood, arms folded across His chest, with a deep frown on His
     face, as he watched His slave, bent double and hanging down on
     the cone, legs tightly strapped and the infernal dildo and upper
     cone driving in and out of her with suctioning, slurping, noisy
     strokes, regain consciousness and attempted to lift the dragging
     breasts and nipples off the black, oiled surface of the cone.
     Finally, after a great deal of effort, she managed to sit
     upright, her eyes glazed and the keening, hungering, pleading,
     panting moans for more resuming as if she had not reached her
     sexual peak and climax before. Marla set the control down on the
     floor and walked over to Master Paul.

     "Let's go get a cup off coffee,......MASTER.....she'll 'keep' for
     a while there......."

     He started to say something, but thought better of it as He
     watched linda on the spinning cone and listened to her egging the
     pistoning monster on......."FUCK ME....OH, FUCK ME....HARDER....
     ......MORE......DEEPER........MORE.......MORE...........
     MMMMMMOOOOOORRRRREEEEE!!!!"...and watched her clench and unclench
     her fists behind her back.

     He followed Marla up the stairs, wondering what in the HELL He
     had walked into.........

     In the kitchen, Marla told Him, simply,....."you have seen
     nothing......wait until you see the rest of what the rams can
     do.........you have seen NOTHING, MP old buddy.......NOTHING!!!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Paul(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





