BDSM Library - David and Sue




David and Sue
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Married only 6 months David knows he has to get control over his bride. Having been dominate all his adult life he had been trying to go slow for his new bride but she left him with little choice.
David and Sue
by sheryl

Ever so slowly David had been easing his new bride into his world of domination.
Both sexually and in their every day lives.  He would be the head of his house
in and out of the bedroom.  He had started out with lightly spanking during sex
then moved on to tying her up on occasion before marriage. Sue his wife now but
then girlfriend had been timid with him at first then started to show true signs
of a true submissive.  Married now almost 6 months David had let many things go
that Sue had done. He knew to not move to fast he had enough experience with
subs to know it took time to make a good trusting relationship.  Sue had never
been punished physically by her parents as a child so her only spankings had
been the erotic ones David had given her while he had his cock buried in her.

Now it was time to rethink his strategy with her. Her habits were getting worse
by the day. Leaving the house a mess with clothes and dirty dishes scattered all
over. Not putting gas in the car but waiting for him to do it. Then there was
the checkbook she refused to balance and would write checks that bounced. Yes he
had to stop this before it went any further.

Sue had always cleaned up whenever David told her to do she just wouldn't do it
with out being told until she was either out of clothes or clean dishes.

She would be home soon from an entire day of shopping with her friends and David
had made the decision to literally get control of her now. He had wanted it to
be different to go slow and have her accept his control of her willingly.

Hearing the car pull in the drive he moved into his favorite chair to wait for
her. He could hear her opening the door and dropping her bags in the hall then
calling out to him. "I am in the den Honey come in and join me".  Sue came to
him and bent to give him a kiss when her face was close to his David pulled back
and looked her in the eyes, while saying " we need to talk Sue, I want you to
sit down and listen to me" "no not in the chair here on the floor in front of
me". Sue uncertain what was wrong slowly sank to her knees in front of her
husband and with a shaky voice said "David what wrong?" Looking sharply at her
told her to be quiet that he would do the talking for now. Feeling very unsure
of herself and not understanding what was going on she bowed her head and looked
at the floor.  Oh yes she is a natural he thought while he began telling her
that he was not happy with the way she was behaving lately.  Reaching out
putting his hand under her chin he lifted her face up while he continued to
scold her like a child. Tears running down her checks the whole time he talked.
Stopping to talk while still looking in her eyes and holding her chin and
thinking to himself how very happy he was with her response to his lecture.
Coming up on her knees between his legs Sue began to sob and in broken voice
said in a whisper "I am so sorry David to let you down and behave so badly,
please will you forgive me?" Not answering right away and still holding her face
made her cry even harder and beg him to please forgive her. Finally speaking and
rising from his seat at the same time saying yes you will be forgiven and I will
make sure you don't repeat your behavior again any time soon.

Still on her knees in front of him so very unsure of herself and starting to
shake with nerves looking more beautiful than he every remembered her looking,
not knowing what he meant by his last statement she did not move but looked up
and asked what do you mean? What are we going to do?

Stepping away from her David told her to get up and follow him to the bedroom.
On shaky legs she followed him down the hall to their room stopping outside the
door he turned to her and spoke for the first time since leaving the den.
Telling her that once they entered the room there would be permanent changes to
their marriage. That he would never again tolerate any behavior that he thought
inappropriate from her. "Now are you willing to still follow me into my
bedroom?"

Never having seen this side of her husband had her now shaking with fear of the
unknown but she loved him dearly and had complete trust in him. Unable to speak
she shook her head yes and David continued through the door to the middle of the
room with her following.  Turning to look at her again he spoke in a commanding
voice. Now you will not speak again until you are asked a question is that
understood? Not trusting her voice she shook her head again to let him know she
understood. Not liking her response he reached and grabbed her chin and spoke
harshly saying I asked you a question you will answer me with yes or no! Do not
ever shake your head at me again. Now answer me. She managed a yes David before
a sob escaped from her. Stepping away and dropping his hand from her face he
reminder her of what he said in the den. Now I will make sure you don't repeat
your mistakes.  Remove your clothes and go stand in the corner young lady. 
Moving slowly with her hands shaking she reached out to touch him and speaking
with out thought of what he had told her. "David please you are scaring me, what
are you going to do to me?"

Moving faster that she thought possible he slapped her not hard but enough to
make his point. I told you not to speak unless I asked you too. I don't remember
asking you anything. Now get those fucking clothes off before I do it for you.

 Taking a steadying breath she undressed with him watching every move she made.
Being naked in front of him had never bothered her before but this time was so
different. Feeling very vulnerable and completely nude now she moved to the
indicated corner to stand and wait for what she didn't know. Deep down she knew
she would not like whatever it was. Hearing him move around the room and not
able to see what he was doing only added to her fear.

In the meantime David had moved a chair to the center of the room and gone to
his closet and removed a box from the dark corner he kept it in putting it by
the chair in easy reach. Sue had no idea what was in the box but David knew it
contained many different "toys".  He had been collecting whips and cuffs for
years and had just since they had been married added plugs and dildos of various
sizes to his collection.  He had added the last when she had refused his
attempts at anal sex. She was willing to let him use his tongue or a finger but
never would she allow him to fuck her there. Planning on breaking her into anal
sex slowly and getting her use to the feel of something in her ass by using the
plugs on her while they were enjoying a night of passion. Now he had other plans
and there was on concern for her enjoyment or comfort. He would do no permanent
damage but she would learn to take it in the ass today.

Glancing over at her standing perfectly still the first stirrings of lust
started his cock to harden; she has a perfect ass, hell she is perfect all over
he thought to himself.  He felt more love for her at that moment than he had
since they had been married, knowing she was scared of what was to happen but
yet she stood in the corner with no clothes on waiting and trusting him. That
made him the happiest knowing she trusted him to not harm her to know when to
stop but to take her to the limits she had placed on herself and maybe just a
little beyond.

Pulling himself out of his thoughts he spoke and told her to come and stand in
front of him as he sat in the chair.  Turning slowly around afraid of what she
might see Sue began to slowly move towards the husband she trusted with her
life. Stopping right before her legs brushed against his knees with her head
bowed and looking at the floor she stood waiting for his next command.  It
didn't come instead she felt his hand touch her arm just above her hand then she
felt him pull her down and before she could think he had her across his lap with
her ass in the air. Her first thoughts were of surely he isn't serious and then
of how embarrassed she was to be in this position. There wasn't time for more
than that before he brought his hand to her checks and rubbed them both. 
Relaxing some across his lap she turned her head to look over her shoulder at
him as he spoke telling her that he was going to spank her and that she was to
stay still and keep her hands out of his way. He did not want to have to start
over but if she moved off his lap or covers her ass he would.  Do you understand
Sue? Yes David I understand, please don't hurt me. Slap! Slap! Yes David was all
you needed to say.  David then began in earnest to spank his wife for her
misdeeds of late. When her checks were nice and red he stopped and rubbed
noticing that she had not tried to slide off of his lap or cover herself but had
cried out a couple of times. David told her how good she was and that he was
proud of her for staying so still. Thinking it was over Sue began to get up only
to find his arm around her waist holding her still. It's not over yet Darling
that was just a warm up.

Rubbing his hand over her ass feeling the warmth he had caused he hand moved
lower between her legs forcing her to open them for him. His fingers rubbing
against her pussy lips rubbing harder separating the lips knowing by the way she
was moving that he would find her wet and wanting. Slipping one finger in her
wet pussy then out to her clit with his other hand rubbing her ass still warm
from his earlier attentions.  Sue pushing her ass up to meet his hand and moaned
wanting more of his fingers.  Taking his finger from her cunt and holding her
checks apart with his other hand he pushed his wet finger into her tight ass
hole.  Arching her back she cried out his name followed by a NO! don't do that
please!  Pushing harder then pulling his finger out completely David immediately
returned to spanking her with more force than he had used before all the while
telling her she did not have his permission to speak and that she would never
tell him what he could and could not do to her.  Ass burning from the spanking
she was receiving Sue began to wiggle and trying cover her ass, grabbing her
hand and holding it easily with his David stopped spanking and rubbed once again
until she calmed down some. Saying softly now be a good girl and don't move when
I let go of your hand, stay just as you are Sue do you hear me? Yes David was
all she said between sobs.  Releasing her hand and waist and reaching into the
box feeling for the small plug and lube when he had found what he was looking
for he again began speaking in a soft calm voice, telling her how good she had
been but they were not finished yet and no matter what she was to lay completely
still and keep her hands down. If she failed to do this he would tie her to the
bed and use his belt on her tender ass.  A fear like she had never felt before
began to grow in her stomach to afraid to move she did as she was told. While
David used to lube to completely cover the plug which by his standards was small
but to her virgin ass it would seem much larger.  When he was satisfied that the
plug was lubed he turned to her ass hole squeezing the lube directly onto her
tight little opening then using his finger to push some inside of the tender
bud.  Sue's mind was racing while her husband prepared her for what she knew was
going to be more painful than the spanking he had just given her. Still knowing
better than to disobey him by speaking she let her cries and grunts of
discomfort speak for her. Paying no attention to her protest David continued to
make sure she was ready for the plug. Using his finger to lube and loosen her
some until he decided that she was as ready as she would ever be.   Instructing
her to take her right hand and pull her check open for him while he held the
other with one hand and the plug in the other.  Doing as she was told she
reached back and placed her hand on her hot and tender ass and spread herself
open to her husband. Loving the sight before him David took his time getting his
eyes full of his beautiful bride laying across his lap with a very red well
spanked ass he could think of nothing more arousing than her holding herself
open for him like she was.  Taking the plug and placing it against her small
opening with no pressure on it just sitting it there David began telling her to
relax and let it slide in not to fight it because it was going in either gently
or with force. Pushing slightly and meeting with the resistance he knew would be
there he again said to relax and take it. Still pushing with steady pressure
until he felt it begin to move into her and hearing her scream out from the pain
he knew she was feeling he made the choice to just get it in and over with for
her. Giving it a good push until it started sliding in all the way down to the
flared out end where she would have no choice but to hold it in place. Cry now
and not caring that she was speaking with out permission she screamed and begged
him to stop and take it out and stop the pain. Pay no mind to her pleas David
gave one more little push to make sure it was in all the way and her ass had
closed around the flared part.  Waiting now for her to calm down and accept the
intruder into her bowels her husband sat and enjoyed the vision in front of him. 
His wife well spanked and with a butt plug up her ass.  Letting go of her check
he again began to rub her sore ass whispering to her all the while how much he
loved her and how proud he was of her, she had been so good to stay in place
even though she had let go of her check and not held it open for him to finish
he was pleased with her.  David let her lay over his lap and finish crying
before he told her to stand up in front of him again. Moving a fast as she could
with her ass on fire and something stuck up inside of her she stood facing him
with a tear streaked face looking very much like a child.  Standing and taking
her by the arm David returned her to the corner and told her to stay put until
he called her out.  Not wanting to displease him or give him reason to spank her
again she did as she was told. Standing with her nose against the corner hands
at her side trying to block out the stinging she was feeling in her ass checks
and the burning in her tender asshole.  Never more proud than he was at that
moment David went back to his den and fixed himself a drink to enjoy while he
made plans for their new marriage.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sheryl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





