BDSM Library - Beauty and the Beast




Beauty and the Beast
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A different twist of the Disney favorite.
BEAUTY AND THE BEAST
By katieslave

PROLOGUE
The Prince was a vain egomaniac with an obsession with his looks. He had fucked
most of the women in his kingdom and still found no one worthy of being his
princess. That didn't stop him from continuing to fuck, under the premise of
finding the right girl.
One day, a beautiful enchantress came to the Castle, wearing nothing but her
long blonde hair strategically placed over her round breasts. She asked the
Prince if he would have dinner with her. The Prince agreed but before the two
reached the dining room, the prince grabbed her by her hair and viciously raped
her in the hall, pounding his long, royal cock into her tight cunt, causing her
great pain. Just as he was about to climax into her, she disappeared from
beneath him. Instead she floated above him, cursing his wickedness and
sentencing him to becoming a hideous beast, saying that since he was not willing
to get to know her before satisfying his desire, he should find out what's it's
like to be trapped inside of a terrible beast. If he could get a virgin to
surrender her vaginal cherry by his 21st birthday, the spell would be lifted and
he would become a handsome prince again. If not, he and the inhabitants of his
Castle would remain objects forever.

Ashamed of his monstrous look, the prince became secluded in his Castle and he
had contact with no one but his servants. Until one day...




PART 1-The Choice

Belle just knew she didn't fit in her quiet little French town. Her father,
Maurice, was an inventor and he had encouraged her to read and be studious. Most
of the other townspeople thought it was odd for a girl to want to learn and
thought her odd.

The one man who seemed to not mind her oddness was Gaston and he only saw her
gorgeous breasts and long, thin legs. She was the most beautiful girl in town
so, despite the fact that dozens of women swooned at his feet, Gaston had his
eyes set on Belle.

Belle wanted nothing to do with the boorish Gaston. In him, she saw the worst of
her small provincial town. She wanted adventure and to get away from her small
town. She wanted to be free of this place and go find true happiness and love.

The only thing keeping her in town was her slightly senile father, who needed
her. After her mother died, Belle was all he had left. But, they both hoped that
his newest invention would bring him great riches and fame and he set off for
the fair.

It was long before a "short cut" left Maurice lost in the dark, scary woods.
When the wolves nipped at his horse's hooves, Maurice was thrown from the horse.
He ran for his life, stumbling upon a dark, forbidden castle. Although the gate
was wide open, the wolves would not follow, seeming to dread going into the
castle. A puzzled Maurice ran into it anyway and yelled for help.

Within seconds, he met up with a talking clock and candlestick. While these
creatures were very nice, a feather duster took the most interest in him,
sidling up to him, tickling him with her feather, cooing at him. Suddenly, there
was a great roar and a hideous beast was there.

"You came to gawk at the creature. You are my prisoner. Take him to the dungeon
and torture him."

"NOOO!!! PLEEEAASSEE!!"

But two large objects grabbed him and threw the old man into a dungeon cage.

Meanwhile, Belle was busy saying no to Gaston's advances. Everywhere she went,
he followed. But the final straw was him sneaking into her cottage while she
bathed and trying to have his way with her. She somehow fought off his advances
when his goofy friend Lafou unintentionally interfered and she ran from the
cottage.

She hadn't gotten far when she came across her father's house and wagon. She
knew that her father was in trouble and jumped onto the horse to go and find
him. She made it to the Castle and went inside.

The enchanted inhabitants of the castle were shocked to see a beautiful girl in
the castle. Since the spell, the only visitors were men and they were there to
hunt the beast. Each of them became prisoners, much like the ole man
now...tortured with pleasure until it became pain. Then they were killed.

The girl made her way around the castle, calling out for her father.

"Papa? Papa, are you here?"

"OHH GODD! BEELLLEEE GETT AWAAYYY FRRROOMMM HEEERRREEE!"

Belle heard her father's cry and ran down a dark stairwell. She arrived to find
him completely naked and hanging from his wrists in a cell. In front of him,
what looked to be a duster had his cock in her mouth and was sucking him hard.
She saw blood dripping from her father's back and legs, from welts given from a
whip.

"PAPA! Oh God, what is happening."

"Oh Belle, they're torturing me Belle. You must escape. OHHH! GOODDD !!!
NNNN!!!"

Belle heard the feather duster purring and swallowing and knew that her father
had emptied his load into the woman/object. She looked away, revolted by this
act. She was a virgin, never even saw a cock before. She was sickened that this
thing would do such a disgusting thing to her sweet old father.

"Please stopp, I can't take it anymore. You've already sucked four out of me.
I'm an old man. OHHH!!"

"HMMM, but I love the male cock, OHHH," and her head went back down on the old
man's organ, causing him to groan in pain and pleasure.

"Papa, I will go for help!"

RRRROOOOAAARRR!!!!

"You will go no where. What is the meaning of this?"

The beasts leaped into the dungeon area, just a few feet from Belle who gasped
and took a step backwards.

"Please, this is my father. He is sick. Let me take him home."

"He is my prisoner. He trespassed on my property. Now you leave or take his
place. Either way, one of you must get out now."

"I'll take his place. Please let my father go, look at him. He'll die."

"No Belle, you don't know what you are doing," Maurice said to his only
daughter, "ahhh," he said as the feather duster worked her magic on his cock.

"You heard her. Release the old man. The girl is our new prisoner."

With that, the feather duster started bawling but Maurice was released from his
bonds and his cock was removed from her mouth for the first time in hours. He
gasped as his now flaccid cock bounced...his cock was so used to the constant
sucking that it now hurt with every movement.

The exhausted man couldn't even move towards his daughter but he was forcibly
pulled past her and out of the dungeon. The girl ran towards him, hoping for a
goodbye, but the Beast would not allow it.

"PAPA, wait, please wait!"

"Don't worry about him, he is no longer your concern. Bring her to her new
room."

The big objects grabbed the beautiful girl and roughly took her out of the
dungeon. They pushed her down long, dark hallways and towards the east side of
the castle.

"I should warn you about going to the West Wing, but I don't think you will be
wandering. Mrs. Potts, into my chambers."

The large teapot looked positively pale but followed dutifully behind her master
as the other servants smiled. Meanwhile, Belle was forced into a room that
looked like a dungeon. Stocks, ropes, whips, everything was in there. Within
seconds, the servants had tied her down spread eagle on the bed.

"Oh God, please no, I'm begging you, let me go. I'm a good girl."

"Lumiere, could it be," Cogsworth the Clock said to the candle.

"Let me check," the candle said, pulling the girl's dress up and ripping her
panties off by burning the sides. He brought his light down between the girl's
legs for a better view.

Belle felt the heat and groaned. "Please no," but it was no use as the candle
managed to spread her pussy lips apart and shine his light inside.

"Yes, I think I see it...yes, it's there. She's a virgin."

"Oh God, this is too good to be true. So all the Master has to do..."

"SHHHH!!! You know the rule...he can't force anything. But we can do this...,"
said Lumiere as he pushed his cock into the ass of the bound beauty who screamed
and begged for mercy.

"If you think this is bad, wait until the rest of the servants get a piece of
you."




PART 2-BE OUR GUEST

The anal rape by the candle turned into a chorus line. Several of the Castle's
enchanted servants used her battered asshole. They then lined up to use her
mouth. Along the way, she heard the candle singing a song about being their
guest...saying it had been years since they had fucked someone and they would
provide the jizz. It was awful and the girl prayed for a miracle.

Meanwhile, in the west wing, the beast was giving his regular fucking to Mrs.
Potts, the kindly old cook who had been the recipient of the Master's cum since
he had been turned into a beast. Prior to that, she had worked for his father,
the king, a nasty old man who had forced her into wearing a revealing outfit and
took pleasure in lifting her skirt and groping her. She had put up with it from
him because the pay was good and she had young children to feed. Then, in the
years following the king's death, the young prince had taken control of her,
degrading her worse than the father. Though he was still a young man, his cock
was huge and thick and he liked to use it. He would summon her into his chambers
and she would not leave for days. He was insatiable and would stuff his monster
cock into her holes over and over again.

When it got to the point when she was not allowed clothing and spent five times
the amount of time in his chambers rather than the kitchen, she had decided that
no job was worth it. She was packing the children up after telling the prince
that she was leaving. He scoffed at her but had made no comment. It was then
that the enchantress had worked her spell, forcing her to remain in the castle
with the man she now hated.

Since then, her treatment had gotten worse. She was subjected to numerous
humiliations and assaults. She had been fucked so many different ways that she
had lost count. She had been forced to give away the last of her dignity and
become a full-time fucktoy, surrendering the cooking duties to other
servants...she was too busy having her pussy, ass and mouth pummeled to take
care of the kitchen. Her tits were a disaster after being clawed continually by
him.

And her children were being neglected. In fact, the Beast had forced her to
reveal herself to her sons, who took great pleasure in making fun of her.
Meanwhile, her daughter became a slut for the stable boys. Mrs. Potts wasn't
even sure what had happened to her. The last she had seen her, the poor dear had
a horse cock in her mouth and the stable boys cock in her ass. Poor thing, Mrs.
Potts thought.

But Mrs. Potts could not worry about her daughter...she was too busy getting
reamed for the second time in an hour. The spell had doubled the size of the
prince's monster cock and the amount of time he could fuck without cumming. And
the poor monster was not even allowed the pleasure of being satisfied after
cumming. His cock remained rock hard and his desires never abated. He was cursed
with a constant erection and no way of relieving it. The only way of getting rid
of it would be inside of the pussy of a virgin who gave himself to him willingly
and it seemed unlikely that any woman, let alone a virgin, would ever allow
herself to be invaded by his monster cock.

RRROOOOAAARRR!!! The Beast let go a mighty sound and pushed into Mrs. Potts to
the hilt. She screamed out as his seed filled the depths of her pussy...it was
as if he pushed open her cervix and poured the seed directly into her uterus.

Finally, he pulled out of her, pushing her to the ground. She laid there for a
few moments before asking his permission to leave. He snarled that he was not
yet done with her.

She cowered in the corner, waiting for further instructions. As she sat there,
she saw his cock and noticed that it was even hairier and thicker than it had
been yesterday. Every day the spell went on, the physical changes became more
and more pronounced. His cock was the last thing to get hairy and she knew he
didn't have much time left to spare all of their lives. She looked up at the
rose that was encased in glass on his mantel...there were just three petals
left. Once they were gone, the spell would be permanent and they would remain
objects forever.

Mrs. Potts had noticed the changes in herself. Her arms were no longer
usable...now just like spouts of a teapot. Her hair was turning grayer and
grayer to make her look more and more like a silver pot.

Mrs. Potts sat there and prayed for a miracle. For some reason, she had been the
only woman servant in the castle to be used by him. Marie, the feather duster,
is so cock crazy that she would have probably loved being the recipient of his
attention. Instead, he only used her holes, torturing her alone. She thought
that it might have had something to do with her resigning her position and
revenge.

He moved towards her when she begged him to stop. "Please Master, what if I
helped you get Belle to give her virginity to you? Would you stop raping and
torturing me?"

The Beast stopped where he was and looked with puzzlement at his slave. He was
surprised she would be willing to help him after everything he had done to her.

"Yes cunt, if you can convince the girl to fuck me, I will leave you be and let
you go free forever. What is your plan?"

The woman/teapot leaned into the hideous beast and whispered her plan to save
herself, though she knew she was resigning the young girl to years of misery.
The beast smiled, knowing that it might work.




PART 3-The Asking (or Begging)

Belle laid there, sobbing as the disgusting clock rammed his cock into her
ravaged asshole. She was out of tears and her sobs were now just dry heaves.

Finally, Cogsworth gave a gasp and pushed into her hard. She felt his cum mixing
with the dozens of others already in her anus and pull out. She felt the cum
dripping out of her extended, abused hole and onto her thighs. She wanted to die
from the humiliation of having so many men rape her. Her mouth was full of their
cum and it was all she could taste. She would do anything for a drink of water,
anything to make her forget this terrible moment.

RRROOOAARR!!! The Beast leapt into the room and threw Cogworth against the wall.

"What is the meaning of this? Who authorized this terrible invasion of our
prisoner?"

"Bbbuttt, Mmmassterr, yyyou!!!"

"SILENCE!" The Beast roared. "I never gave you permission to abuse this poor
girl like this. Away with you all."

Belle watched through glazed eyes as the servants left her room. She breathed a
sigh of relief, praying that the worst was over.

She felt the Beast remove her wrist cuffs from the headboard and then her ankle
cuffs. Unable to move, she gladly fell into his arms, no longer afraid of his
monstrous appearance. He carried her into a bright, cheery room, unlike any she
had seen in the castle.

"Belle, this is your new room. I am sorry for what has happened to you."

He laid her down gently onto a nice, clean bed that was soft and gentle. Mrs.
Potts limped towards the bed, wearing clothes for the first time in years,
albeit a skimpy apron.

"Dear, please help yourself to some tea," she said, pouring some of the hot
liquid from her pot into a cup at the girl's bedside. The naked beauty sat up
with some effort and took the tea, gratefully lapping it up.

"May I have some more please," she asked, dying to get the awful taste of cum
from her mouth.

"Why certainly dearie, my pleasure."

After the girl drank some tea, another object entered. "Belle, this is the
castle's doctor. He has some cream for your bottom dear."

"Oh, thank God," the girl said, her head dropping back.

"Yes Miss, this cream will help you but I have to tie your ankles apart and your
wrists to the headboard. This cream is going to sting at first and I can't have
you touching the area. Please understand."

"No, please," the girl said, desperately wanting to keep her little bit of found
freedom, but instead the doctor easily overtook the exhausted girl and was able
to tie her wrists to the headboard. He then pulled up some stirrups and attached
her ankles to it so that her pussy and asshole was completely open and
vulnerable.

"Oh God, please no, no more rape, please."

"Maam, I am disgraced at your comments. I have never raped a patient and never
would. How dare you criticize me when I am trying to help you."

Despite herself, Belle felt bad, afraid that she had offended the doctor.

"Oh Sir, I am most sorry. It's just, everyone has raped me, I just figured."

"Forget it. It's done anyway. Let me apply the salve."

The salve actually had no curing agent in it at all. It was in fact a cream of
meat, meant to entice the castle dog into the room.

"There, not so bad, right," the doctor said, kindly smiling at Belle.
The naked, spread beauty smiled. "No, doesn't sting at all," not wanting to add
that the smell was horrible.

"Okay, let's leave her to rest a bit."

Mrs. Potts reluctantly followed the doctor out of the room, knowing that his fee
would be her ass. But she did so, hoping that the spell would soon be broken and
she could leave this hell.

Meanwhile, Belle laid her head back, grateful to finally be alone. She wanted to
cry for her father and her lost life, but had nothing left to do. She finally
dozed off, exhausted by the rapes and the events of the last day.

She dreamt of being away from all of this, in a nice, relaxing meadow near a
stream. She laid there nude on the soft grass. Suddenly she felt something warm
between her legs. She awoke with a startle and saw a large ottoman/dog licking
her pussy and ass.

"No, no boy, down, please no boyyy....ahhh!!!"

Belle could feel the pleasure ripping through her body and wanted no parts of
it. But the rough tongue of the dog probing her soft, tight pussy was too good.
She wanted to cum so badly but certainly did not want her orgasm to come from
this dog.

"NNOOO!!!," she screamed but the orgasm washed over her...but it wasn't enough.
She wanted something to fill her. The dog continued his assault on her
pussy...she thrashed and moaned but no one came to help. Another orgasm swept
through her but it still did not satisfy her.

From his chambers, the Beast watched the action through his magic mirror. He saw
the beauty's naked form and lusted for her, knowing that she was the one to
finally satisfy him. But he had to bide his time, wait until she couldn't take
it anymore. He continued to watch, using his paws to jerk off another orgasm,
trying to time it so that he came as she did.

For Belle, the torment went on for hours. The sunny day turned into a dark night
as she sat there, totally nude as the dog licked every nook and cranny of her
pussy and ass. She so wanted him gone, but so wanted him to stay too. She wanted
a cock inside of her and would have begged for it.

Just then, she heard a whistle and the dog thankfully ran away. Within seconds,
the Beast was in her room, next to her bed.

"Oh God, that dog, it was terrible, he just kept licking, thank God he saved
him."

"It's okay Belle, I am here now. Let me untie you," the Beast said gently using
his claws to undo her binds.

She was grateful for his kindness and wanted to thank him. And she also wondered
if he could fulfill her deep longing in the pussy.

"Thank you Sir, I am so stiff...it must have been hours."

"Belle, can I tell you something?"

"Sure, anything."

"Well, I haven't always been a beast. I was once a handsome prince, but I was
turned this way by an evil witch. Since then, I haven't been with a woman."

The Beast pretended to look down in embarrassment. Actually, he was trying hard
to keep from laughing. His cock still had remnants of Mrs. Potts' pussy juices.

But Belle did not see that. She saw a man that was in anguish, much like
herself. She saw a man excluded from society, a man who didn't fit in, and she
saw herself.

"I know the feeling. I have never been with a man either, well until today." She
started to sob. The Beast moved towards her, holding her close.

"I am sorry about that. The servants have been reprimanded. It will not happen
again," he said. He should have added, at least until after I've fucked you, but
he remained silent.

"Belle, could I ask you a favor? Would you let me put my penis inside of you? It
would be so wonderful for a guy like me and it would be a wonderful release."

Belle thought for a moment, wondering if this was okay. She had always intended
to wait until marriage but knew she was going to allowed to leave this place
anyway. And the itch was so great.

"Okay, but please be gentle, I'm still a virgin in my vagina."

The Beast smiled tenderly. "I will be sweetie, I will be."

He lifted the pretty girl onto her bed and arranged her legs spread. He asked
her to close her eyes as he undid his pants, not wanting her to say no. She did
as commanded and he lowered his pants. His huge cock sprang out, measuring at
least 17 inches long and four inches wide.

He moved towards her, gently licking her pussy, which was soaking wet. Perfect
he thought. He pushed the tip of his cock between her lips and her eyes went
wide at the stretching feeling. Just as she was about to protest, he pushed into
her violently. As Belle screamed, stars filled the room as the beast began to be
transformed back into a prince. But that didn't stop him from fucking her
completely, filling her pussy to overflow. Despite the awful pain of her
virginity being ripped from her, Belle was feeling pleasure and started to buck
her hips in rhythm with the fucking. She looked up and saw a handsome prince
where the beast had been. All around the castle, objects were turning into
people again and cheers went up. But Belle ignored that, concentrating on this
gorgeous creature above her pounding his cock into her. She liked the pain and
pleasure and soon both of them shook with tremendous orgasms. For the first time
in years, the prince was satisfied.

They laid together in her bed, exhausted from their first real orgasm. The
prince, once so jaded by women, was completely in love with this new girl who
had given him his much-needed relief. Belle finally felt at home, like a woman
who had been totally fulfilled by a man.

"Belle, you are no longer my prisoner. You may go."

Belle sat up, shocked at his words. "But sir, I can't leave. I love you."

The prince smiled and pulled her lips to his and kissed her. A fairy tale had
begun as the young beauty became the prince's eternal sex slave, a setup that
pleased them both greatly.




EPILOGUE

Belle and the Prince became lovers, spending mostly every minute of every day
together. The Prince loved doing all sorts of things to her naked body and Belle
reveled in his attention and torments. They spent hours every day fucking like
rabbits and she even bore him three children, including a daughter who was being
raised to follow in her mother's footsteps.

Marie, the former feather duster, went off and found Maurice, Belle's father,
the man she fell in love with. She spent most of her time naked in his cottage,
sucking his cock (which they both loved), doing his housework and cooking (since
Belle was gone) and fucking. They also provided some offspring, with two
stepbrothers for Belle to fuck.

Mrs. Potts, the engineer of the plan, never did get away. The prince, angry at
her turning on Belle, made her a stable slave and set her daughter free. Mrs.
Potts spent most of her time on her hands and knees, sucking the other
servants's cock and servicing the horses. She had lost the ability to keep her
asshole closed after several of the stallions had their way back there and now
almost constantly leaked from her bottom holes. She prayed for death to come but
it never did and she was left to serve until a very old age.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  katie lynch


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





