BDSM Library - The Seductive Master




The Seductive Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Every girls was talking about this secret master. You just couldn't wait to be picked by him and became his slave girl.
                        Seductive Master, The - 01

               You had been invited to the party once before, and
       knew what to expect.  In your heart you desired to be
       chosen by him.  But in your mind you feared it
       somewhat.  To you, the first time you went to the
       party, it was just another party.  A friend had
       suggested you go and you were surprised by the things
       that happened that night as well as the man giving the
       party.  Somehow your friend had gotten approval for you
       to attend, which you learned later was not easy, for
       the Host was very selective about how came to his
       parties.
               Your friend, Dana, told you how and what to wear
       for the first party.  You knew what to wear for this
       one because of the experience.  Dana told you to wear
       either black or red clothing.  She also said you were
       to wear a dress of silk or shear material, being sure
       not to wear a bra or panties.  You were to wear black
       or red nylons with matching garter belt and heels about
       3 inches high.  You were hesitant about going anywhere
       without a bra and panties, let alone to a party to a
       strangers house.  Dana continued to assure you that you
       would not only enjoy the party but beg to come to
       another one.  She was right.
               You are standing in front of the mirror putting
       the last finishing touches to your makeup.  Your heart
       is fluttering at the thought of him, the host and you
       can feel your pussy twitch slightly.  You reach down
       and adjust your garter belt and hook the nylons you
       just finished sliding over your legs.  You stand in
       front of the mirror again and begin to run a comb
       through your hair and glance down to your firm, round
       breasts.  The nipples are hard already, from the
       thoughts that have been racing through your mind.  You
       reach down and pinch them both and feel the tingle of
       your action all the way down to your pussy.  You finish
       combing your hair and then slip your dress over your
       head and then comb your hair one more time.
               You are lovely.  A beautiful, sleek lady.  Your
       auburn hair shining in the lights of the bathroom.
       Your dark green eyes dancing with flicks of gold in
       them.  You slender frame glides when you walk, despite
       the fact you are not accustomed to heels this high.
       You look yourself over for one final look, think to
       yourself, 'Not bad for an ol' lady of 24' then walk
       from the room.
               Dana is waiting in the living room for you.  She
       looks fantastic.  She is wearing a black dress, just as
       you are, and has heels on that are at least 5 inches
       high.  Every hair on her blonde head is perfect, as is
       her makeup.
               "Ready to go now?", Dana asked.
               "Yes, ready!  How do I look?  Dana you look
       fantastic."
               "You look great yourself.  He might pick you
       tonight, who knows."  Dana responded, then winked.
               Dana had been picked by him almost a year ago.
       You noted a change in her when it happened.  She
       suddenly became very calm and relaxed.  She never
       seemed to worry about anything.  That was not the Dana
       you had known before her meeting him.  She just seemed,
       well, so much at peace with herself now.  It was
       incredible the change he had on her.  You wanted that
       too!  You crossed your fingers on your left hand as you
       walked through the door to the limo waiting for you,
       hoping and praying tonight would the night he picked
       you.
               The parties were infrequent.  Sometimes once a
       month, sometimes one every two months.  He had this
       party only one month after the first one you had
       attended.  You hoped, if not chosen tonight, there
       would be another party soon.  Eventually, you reasoned,
       you would be chosen.
               The limo pulled into the driveway.  It was still a
       long way to the house, at least a mile and Dana and you
       continued your chit chat.  You asked Dana what HE was
       like in bed, telling her you were just dying to know.
       Dana told you to just wait and see if you got picked
       then you would find out soon enough.  Her lips turned
       up with a large smile and she had a twinkle in her
       eyes.  You figured he must be great, based on Dana's
       reaction.
               The car pulled up to the front door and a man
       dressed in tux with tales, reached down and opened the
       door.  He stretched out his white gloved hand to help
       first Dana then you out of the limo.
               Once inside, you looked around, scanning the crowd
       for your host.  He was not to be seen.  There were men
       as well as women there and people were clustered
       together in quite chats.  Two women dressed in maid's
       uniforms were moving through the guests serving drinks.
       You noticed all the women were dressed in black with
       the exception of one, who was dressed in hot, fire red.
       The men were in tuxedos.  Dana and you make your way
       through the groups of people, trying to get to the
       other side of the room to some people you both know.
       When you joined your friends you engaged in small talk
       and take a drink from the tray.
                The grandfather clock in the foyer bonged nine
       times and suddenly from the main entrance to the great
       hall entered your Host.  Everything went silent when he
       entered the room.  It was so quiet your could almost
       hear everyone breathing.  He stopped just inside the
       door, looking over the crowd of people then stepped in
       a few more steps.
               "Please, everyone, enjoy yourselves.", he said.
       Then he began to move through the crowd.
               He is more magnificent than you had remembered.
       He is the best looking man you have ever seen.  His
       body is perfectly shaped and kept in top condition.
       His hair is a soft jet black and never has a hair out
       of place.  His chin is firm and chest broad.  His eyes
       are the most fabulous feature you can see, for they are
       a deep purple and are hypnotic.  When he speaks to
       people, they just seem to freeze and be captured in his
       eyes, and his desires become theirs.  You continue to
       watch him as he moves through the crowd of people.  He
       stops and speaks to a couple of women and then bends
       down slightly and kisses each of their cheeks.  You can
       hear your own breathing increase as he is making his
       way across the room to where you and Dana stand.  When
       he finally reaches the two of you, you all but have an
       orgasm right then and there.  Your are feeling somewhat
       light headed by his presence and somewhat gitty as
       well.
               "Hello Dana!", he says, and leans forward to kiss
       her cheek.
               "Hello, Master Nathaniel.  I pray you are well
       this evening."  Dana responded.
               "Yes, quite well my dear Dana.  Quite well indeed.
       And who is this lovely young thing you have with you?"
       Nathaniel says nodding at you.
               "You remember Elizabeth, from our your last party,
       do you not Master Nathaniel?"
               "Oh yes," he says and turns his attentions to you.
       Your heart is pounding so hard now, you are certain he
       can hear it.  "I'm very glad you joined us for another
       party Elizabeth.  I...", his words trailed off to
       silence as he turned around to notice a disturbance in
       the room.  "Pardon me," he said, without turning back
       to face you and Dana and he walked in the direction of
       the noise.  Dana and you follow him.
               There, on the other side of the room, is the lady
       in the red dress, talking loudly to a gentleman.  She
       then reaches over to the tray the maid is carrying with
       hors d'oeuvres on it and as she does her dress rides up
       in the back to expose her bare bottom.  She is somewhat
       drunk, you are certain of that, for her speech is
       slightly slurred.  When she sees Nathaniel coming
       towards her she wiggles her bottom around a bit,
       obviously aware of her buttocks exposure.  Nathaniel
       walks over to her and pulls her back to an upright and
       tells her to stand perfectly still.  She does so, as
       she stares into his eyes.  Nathaniel reaches out with
       both hands, glances down to the front of her dress and
       then places his index finger of each hand on the very
       tip of her protruding nipples.  Leaving his finger tips
       resting on her nipples he looks back into her face and
       says, "Upstairs, second bedroom on the right."  She
       gives no argument but instead turns and walked through
       the crowded room and disappears through the double
       doors of the great hall.
               "Thank you all for coming.  I have made my
       selection.  Continue to enjoy yourself." Nathaniel
       says, then walks through the path made for him by the
       people moving out of his way and exits through the same
       double doors.
               Your heart sinks.  You were not chosen by him.
       You want to leave, but you see Dana has now moved over
       to another group of people you do not know and she is
       deep in conversation with them.  The evening drags on
       forever for you.
               When Dana finally does come to you, asking if you
       are ready to go home, you jump at the chance and start
       for the door.
               "Gosh, Elizabeth, don't feel bad.  He might pick
       you next time.", Dana attempted to console you.
               "How many times did you attend the party before
       you were picked?", you question Dana.
               "Four times.  But don't be so concerned about it.
       There is to be another party next weekend.  He has
       already told us this.  And you are to come."  Dana
       said.
               You leaned back and relaxed for the first time
       since he had made his choice.  At least you were
       assured of seeing him again.  At least you had that.




                        Seductive Master, The - 02

               The week just seemed to drag by.  You were in
       agony all throughout it, waiting for the next party.
       You had made several changes in your wardrobe for the
       occasion.  Going out and buying a hot pink, silk dress.
       One that was almost see through.  You also purchased
       the hot pink garter belt and shear pink nylons to wear
       with the dress.  Then you went to purchase the shoes
       you would wear and even had to have them dyed to match
       the dress.  But it didn't matter!  You were determined
       to be the chosen one this weekend.  Even if you had to
       cause a disturbance as the woman did last weekend.
               Your thoughts continued to focus on Nathaniel's
       eyes and the firmness of his body.  You were now even
       fantasizing about him while you sat at your desk at
       work.  You weren't terribly attentive to what you were
       doing all week, except when it was in preparation for
       the coming party.
               Finally Saturday came.  You started to prepare for
       the party about four and half hours ahead of time.  You
       shower, wash your hair, shave your legs and underarm,
       even douching and giving yourself an enema, something
       you truly dislike.  Finally it is time to put makeup
       on, which you determine will be very scant, for
       Nathaniel appears to like ladies without much makeup.
               The door bell rings, you know it is Dana.  You
       stop and give yourself one last look in the mirror.
       The pink dress, dips low in the front and back, reveals
       your firm 34B breasts somewhat, but that is the effect
       you want.  The color looks fantastic against your
       tanned skin and even adds to the color of your eyes.
       You go and answer the door.
               "My God, girl, you can't wear that.", is the
       manner in which Dana greets you.
               "This is what I'm wearing.  I don't want to be
       just another face in the crowd anymore.", you respond
       firmly and with conviction.
               "Okay, but he isn't going to like it."
               "You never know.  It just might be the way to be
       chosen."
               Dana glances at you and a slight grin comes to the
       corners of her mouth.  She nods her head then says,
       "Well, if that's what you want to wear, okay, let's go.
       But if you do get chosen and he is displeased with your
       clothing, don't blame me."
               You aren't certain what she means by that, but you
       prefer to ignore her statement and walk out the door to
       the waiting limo.
               The party begins no differently than the last,
       with one exception.  When you enter the great room all
       heads turn towards you.  You are the only one not
       wearing black.  The girl who was chosen last week is
       there also, in a black gown.  You note she is much more
       subdued from the last party and almost sheepish in her
       behavior.
               You are turned on by the waiting.  You can't stand
       it that Nathaniel has not entered the great room.  The
       grandfather clock bongs out nine bongs and Nathaniel
       still does not enter the room.  The chatter continues
       all around you.  Finally you decide you can't wait and
       you walked through the crowd of people and waltz right
       out the door and start to make your way through the
       house.  As you walk, you hear the grandfather clock
       bong the half hour mark, indicating it was nine thirty.
       Suddenly, as you are about to open the door to the
       library, a hand grabs your arm.  You whirl around to
       see a man dressed in formal attire.
               "You are not to be in the other parts of the house
       unless the Master instructs it.", he says to you
       sternly.  Before you get a chance to respond, he is
       pulling you down the hall and back to the great room.
       At the entry way of the great room, he releases his
       harsh grip on you somewhat, but still holds your arm
       firmly.  He marches you into the room, stands and looks
       around for a moment, still holding you firmly and then
       begins to pull you through the crowd.  Finally he
       stops.
               "Master Nathaniel, I beg your pardon sir, but I
       found her," he pulls you closer to him, "roaming
       through the house."
               "Thank you Daniel," Nathaniel said, "I will take
       care of this."  As he reaches out and grabs your other
       arm.  Your struggle is no longer there for you are now
       exactly where you want to be, in front of Nathaniel
       with his full attentions on you.
               He releases his grip on your arm, for he knows you
       will not move away from him.  His eyes are now fixed on
       yours and you feel as though you are being pulled into
       his deep purple eyes.  The noise around you is suddenly
       gone and all you see and hear is him.  He reaches down
       to the hem of your skirt and slowly pulls it up to your
       waist.  You want to stop him, but you just feel as
       though you are unable to move.  He holds it up only
       briefly, exposing your uncovered pussy, framed by your
       pink garter belt, then lets the dress fall from his
       hands and says, "Upstairs, second bedroom on the
       right."
               You leave him and move to the hallway and the man
       that had pulled you into Nathaniel stands there waiting
       for you.  He leads you up the stairs to the second
       bedroom and tells you wait on the bed quietly.
               You go over to the bed and sit down to wait.  You
       don't know if you should remove your clothes or not or
       wait to be told.  So you just sit there taking in the
       decor of the room.  You are becoming excited with
       anticipation of what is happen tonight, the thought of
       making love with Nathaniel has you really delirious.
               Suddenly the door to the bedroom is opened wide
       and a woman enters.  She looks terribly stern, her
       stare on you makes you feel as you did in Catholic
       school when Sister Teresa was angry with you.  She
       walks over to you and says, "Undress."
               You look at her in disbelief.  You start to say
       something, but before you are given the chance, she
       reaches down, grabs your arm, pulls you up to your feet
       harshly, then pulls your dress up over your head.  You
       automatically pull your arms up to cover your breasts
       and pussy.
               "Put those hands down.  Now!", she says sternly.
       When you do not respond to her command, she grabs your
       arms and pulls them down from your breasts and away
       from your pussy.  After she has done this, you
       immediately move them back up to cover yourself.  She
       snaps her fingers and suddenly from a side door in the
       room a young boy about nineteen rushes in, hands her
       four leather straps and then rushes out of the room
       without saying a word.  She grabs your left arm and you
       begin to fight and struggle.  She pushes you down on
       the bed and then presses her knee into your stomach
       region, wraps the leather straps and secures it firmly
       to your left wrist, then does the same to the right
       wrist.  She lays the other two straps down on the bed.
       The straps she has placed on your wrist have a hook and
       eye on them.  She pulls you to your feet and before you
       realize what is happening she maneuvers you so your
       hands are behind you and she connects the hook through
       the eye of the opposing hands.  She then unsnaps the
       garter belt you have on and lets it fall to the floor.
       The nylons attached to it go down to your knees.  She
       kneels down and tries to pick up your right foot, when
       you put full weight down on it she stands back up and
       pushes you onto the bed again and reaches down and
       pulls your shoes and then your nylons off completely.
               She drags you to the center of the room and tells
       you to stand there perfectly still and wait for Master
       Nathaniel.  You are reluctant, but since she outweighs
       you by about sixty pounds you decide not to argue.
               You wait for what seems like fifteen minutes when
       finally the same door opens that the young boy came
       rushing through and in walks Nathaniel.  He moves over
       to you and doesn't even appear to look at your lovely
       nude body.  Once in front of you, he reaches out and
       touches your nipples lightly.  You glow and tingle from
       the coolness of his fingers.  He slides his fingers
       down your stomach and finally to your pubic mound, then
       finally inside your pussy.
               Holding his fingers there, his other hand moves
       back to your breasts and he says, "Do you like your
       breasts touched gently like this?" He moves his fingers
       lightly over each nipple, alternating between the two.
       "Or do you prefer it like this?" His fingers encircle
       your nipple then gripps the tip and pinches hard, a
       moan escapes your lips, then he moves to the other
       nipple and does the same, and again you moan.  He
       withdraws his motionless fingers from your pussy and
       looks at them.  "She is wet from the pinching,"
       Nathaniel turns to say to the matronly woman.
               He looks back at you and stares into your eyes for
       a moment then says, "If you wish to be mine, then you
       shall be.  But understand once you have agreed, you
       become mine totally to do with as I please.  I will be
       your Master and you my slave.  If you agree you shall
       spend the next several weeks in training and learn how
       to please me.  That training will include pleasures you
       have never experienced before, plus punishments for
       infractions of the rules."
               You head is spinning as you listen to him.  You
       are becoming more and more excited by the prospect of
       what he is proposing.  You can't turn back now.  You
       want him, more than you've wanted anything before in
       your life.
               "If you agree then your training shall begin
       tonight.  If you do not, then you shall be released and
       may leave.  Have you any questions?"
               "Yes," you somehow manage to whisper.  "If I am to
       be in training for several weeks, what about my job?"
               "You will no longer need a job.  I will provide
       all that you need.  Any more questions?"
               "Yes, just one, what type of punishments do you
       mean?"
               "I will give you a perfect example, tonight you
       roamed about the house when you knew you should not.
       That is an infraction of the rules and you will be
       spanked soundly for having done so.  There may be times
       when your behavior warrants the strap, a paddle, a
       cane, a birch rod, or even a whip.  Or times I wish to
       punish you merely for my pleasure."
               You listen closely to his words.  You can't
       believe it, but you can feel your pussy becoming
       excited at the prospect of what he is going to do to
       you.
               "There are many rules and those you will learn
       during your training.  Do you agree?"
               You swallow hard and before you have even thought
       further about it you hear yourself say, "Yes, I agree."
               "Very good.  From this moment forward you shall
       call me Master when we are in the house, when out in
       public or at parties you shall call me Master
       Nathaniel.  You shall be nude at all times unless I
       tell you otherwise.  You shall speak when spoken to and
       ask permission to speak beyond a yes or no answer.  The
       remaining of the rules will be given to you in written
       form and you shall study them thoroughly until you are
       able to recite them to me from memory.  Now, Mistress
       Katherine will take you in hand for the beginning of
       your session tonight.  One thing more, you shall be
       called slave and your name will not be used during your
       slave training."  He finished his statement to you and
       turned and walked out of the room.
               Mistress Katherine walks over to you and grabs
       your arm, "Come slave, we have many things to do."  She
       pulls you to the door, opens it and pushes you through
       it into the hallway and walks you down the hall to
       another door.  She fling the door open and you are led
       inside.  There in front of you is an examination table
       just like the one in the doctor's office, Mistress
       Katherine orders you to get on top of it.  You did so.
       She unhooks your hands and pulls first your left over
       your head and hooks a chain to the cuff, then the
       right.  She instructs you to slide down to the end of
       the table and place your legs in the stirrups.  You do
       so, with dread.  Once your legs are in the stirrups
       Mistress Katherine hooks leather cuffs around your
       ankles and secures your feet to the stirrups.  Next she
       places leather straps around your legs just above your
       knees and secures them.  She then spreads the stirrups
       open as wide as she can, exposing you completely to
       her.  She goes back to the head of the table and
       tightens the chains so there is no slack in them at
       all.  She walks out of the room leaving you there
       exposed and vulnerable.
               You feel humiliated and degraded by this
       treatment.  You are angry and yet excited; all at the
       same time.  You lay there waiting for what will happen
       next.  It seems like a long time before the door opens
       again.  When it does a man walks in dressed in a white
       jacket.
               "Hello there, I'm Dr. Pulsar, I'm going to give
       you an examination for your Master."
               You start to say something to him, but when you
       lift your head you see Mistress Katherine there in the
       doorway with her arms crossed, leaning against the door
       jam waiting for some infraction.  You lay your head
       back down on the table and remain silent.  The doctor
       goes to work and examines your wet pussy.  He takes his
       gloved hand and sticks a finger into the vaseline and
       suddenly pushes it into your tiny, virgin ass.  You
       scream out at the suddenness of his action.  "A virgin
       ass huh slave?"
               "Yes Doctor," you respond.
               He turns his head and looks over his shoulder at
       the matron and nods.  You know this means something,
       but you are not totally aware of its full meaning.
               "Okay," he says," finished.  I would be sure and
       give her an enema tonight Mistress." he remarks as he
       pulls the glove off his hand and throws it in a waste
       basket and walks out of the room.
               You feel your face flush with embarrassment.  It
       is bad enough to be examined in such a highly excited
       state but to openly discuss enemas with this strange
       woman is too much.  You know your face is as red as can
       be.
               Now you are left with Mistress Katherine.  She is
       still standing near the door but has moved inside
       somewhat.  She slowly pulls the door closed.  Your
       heart is beating faster for you know she is not as kind
       and gentle as the doctor and you are quite frankly
       scared.  She slowly moves toward you and you can feel
       your pussy tingling again with excitement.  She walks
       to the cabinet on the other side of the table and opens
       a drawer.  She pulls out various items, little clips
       that look like clothes pins, a bottle of baby oil, a
       razor, the end nozzle of an enema tube, a small hand
       towel, a can of shaving cream and finally a large butt
       plug.  You shiver at the sight of the butt plug, for
       you indeed have a virgin ass.
               She walks back to you and reaches down to touch
       your nipples, when she does they react immediately and
       become firm and erect.  She reaches back and grabs the
       clips that look like clothes pins and places first one
       on one nipple then the other on the other nipple.  When
       she places the first one on you, you scream from the
       pain and pull against your bonds.  She reaches back and
       pulls out another drawer and retrieves a soft, rubber
       ball.  When she places the second clip on your other
       nipple, she holds the ball over your mouth and as you
       open to scream she pushes it into your mouth.  Your
       scream comes out only as a sort of moan.
               Your nipples hurt from the clips, but you begin to
       realize the pain is also causing a great deal of
       pleasure as you feel your juices dripping from your
       pussy now.
               Mistress Katherine takes the towel from the
       counter and takes it to the sink and runs water over
       it, getting it soaking wet.  She stands and wrings it
       out and then walks to the end of the examining table
       and lays it on your pubic mound.  You react to the heat
       it sends through your pussy and pull again, in vain,
       against your bonds.  When the towel becomes cool she
       removes it and then picks up the shaving cream and
       slowly spread it on your pubic hair and down your pussy
       lips and into your crack.  You fight violently now
       against your bonds for you do not want your pussy hair
       removed.  You do not want to look like a little girl
       again with puckered pussy lips.  Your struggle is in
       futile and your hips jerking upward is finally thwarted
       by Mistress Katherine's firm hand.
               "You best lay still slave, or the razor will cut
       you."
               She had not trimmed the area first, for you didn't
       have that much hair there anyway.  She begins, with
       expert hand, to shave your hair from your mound down to
       your anus.  When she is finished she takes the towel
       again and wipes all the remaining shaving cream from
       your private parts.  She then gets a mirror, holding it
       over your newly shaved mound and orders you to look.
       Reluctantly you do so and are mortified at the sight of
       a child like pussy.
               Mistress Katherine then takes the baby oil and
       slowly pours some into her hand.  She moves her fingers
       to your pussy and slowly, methodically moves her
       fingers over your newly shaved parts.  She presses her
       fingers into your pussy lips and spreads them open and
       slowly runs her fingers into your slit but does not
       enter you.  You move your hips upward in an attempt to
       meet her fingers and have them move inside you.  As
       soon as you move your hips up she pulls her fingers
       back and begins rubbing on your mound area again.  She
       then slowly moves her fingers down your slit until she
       finds your clit and lingers for several moments on your
       now swollen clit.  You feel as though you are ready to
       explode with pleasure and as you get closer and closer
       to this point her action picks up in speed.  Just as
       you feel you are about to erupt with orgasm she removes
       her hand.  You shake your head back and forth and try
       through your gag to beg her to bring you to a climax,
       but your action goes unheeded.
               Mistress Katherine reaches back to the counter for
       the baby oil again and pours more on her hand.  She
       moves back to your anticipating pussy but you find
       instead you rubs her oiled fingers around your puckered
       hole.  It suddenly flashes through your mind that she
       is about to enter your ass with her fingers.  Before
       you can raise your head to protest she has slipped one
       finger inside you.  You feel pressure, but that is all.
               She now moves the finger around inside you and
       slowly withdraws all but the tip of it, then pushes it
       back in only deeper this time.  You winch with the
       slight pain you feel from her sudden action.  Then you
       realize she does not have one finger in you but two.
       Slowly she pumps in and out of your ass and the pain
       begins to subside and is replaced by excitement.  You
       can feel yourself lifting your hips to allow her better
       access to your little hole and as she pumps in and out
       of your ass, her other hand finds your clit again and
       begins to tease it.  You feel like you are going to
       explode and suddenly your hips leap upward with the
       first orgasm and a moan escapes through your gagged
       mouth.  She does not stop and another orgasm comes and
       another and another.  Finally she withdraws her fingers
       from you and you lay back down fully on the table,
       spent from your multiple orgasms and embarrassed by the
       fact a woman brought you to the best orgasm you've ever
       had.
               Mistress Katherine does not stop.  She moves to
       the counter and takes the enema tube, places vaseline
       over the end of it and walks back to you.  She holds
       the tube up so you can see it clearly then brings it
       back down to your ass.  Her fingers move into your ass
       and begin rubbing vaseline around the area and slowly
       you feel her fingers penetrate your tight hole.  You
       moan and jump slightly from the intrusion.  She
       continues to move her finger in an out of you and your
       hips move forward to meet her finger.  She withdraws
       and replaces her finger with the tube.  The enema
       begins.  She slowly releases the warm water into your
       tight ass and your stomach begins to feel the pressure
       it is causing.  As she fills you with the first
       container you begin experiencing some discomfort but
       not a lot.  When the second container is put into
       action the pressure increases greatly.  The warm water
       slowly moves into you and as it does Mistress
       Katherine's fingers begin to play with your clit.  You
       are so uncomfortable from the distention of your
       stomach caused by the water you don't think you could
       be sexually aroused, but much to your surprise you feel
       your pussy juices beginning to flow.  Just as you start
       to feel good about all of this the water and the
       actions of your Mistress's fingers stop.  The tube is
       pulled out slowly and replaced with a rather large butt
       plug, which causes you more discomfort.
               Mistress Katherine reaches out and pats your
       extended stomach and says, "I will be back, that must
       stay in for a few minutes to do the thorough job."  She
       turns and walks out of the room, leaving you bound and
       helpless, in pain from the quantity of water taken and
       your pussy burning for attention.




                        Seductive Master, The - 03

               You lay in this most uncomfortable state for what
       seems to be an hour.  (In reality it is only thirty
       five minutes.)  You begin to reflect on what you have
       gotten yourself into and wonder why you said yes and
       agreed.  You thought back to when Master Nathaniel
       spoke of punishment and remembered what your body felt
       at that moment.  You could feel the anticipation of
       being spanked and it excited you.  You felt gitty
       inside, as though a million butterflies were dancing in
       your stomach and pussy.  You remember the feeling of a
       cold shiver at the thought of being disciplined by this
       man.  In truth, you thought to yourself, you felt like
       a little girl, one being taken care of by an adult in
       complete control.  You close your eyes and try to
       invision the sensations you felt in an attempt to
       recreate them, as you do, you feel a warmth rush
       through your body.  You analysis the feelings you are
       having, realizing part of the sensation it created
       within you was caused by fear as well.  Not knowing how
       severe your new Master would be with you, not knowing
       what would be done next, and never knowing if it would
       be your Master or your Mistress to take an action with
       you.  You longed for the attention promised now,
       burning within your very being to be owned, trained,
       loved, punished, and any other new experiences your
       Master would find joy in putting you through.  It can't
       be all that bad, you reason, Dana lived through it.
               The door opens again and Mistress Katherine walks
       over to you.  Without speaking she unhooks your hands,
       then your feet and knees.  Your attention is drawn back
       to the discomfort of your swallon stomach.
               "Get up, follow me.", Mistress Katherine orders.
               Without a word you rise, Mistress Katherine aids
       you in getting off the examining table, and like a
       little puppy dog you follow behind her.  She walks to
       the other side of the room and opens a door.  Inside is
       a bathroom.
               "Inside, slave.  On the toilet.", she commands.
               You go into the bathroom and sit on the toilet and
       wait for her to leave.  You are so naive, for she is
       not about to leave a new slave alone.  She comes to you
       and orders you to spread your legs, then reaches in
       between your legs, letting her arm rub against your
       pussy lips, finds the end of the butt plug and slowly
       pulls it from you.  You dispell the contents the plug
       had been holding in your bowel.  You suddenly feel a
       great relief from the pressure that had been in your
       stomach.  Finally the rush of fluid stops and your
       Mistress pulls you to your feet.  Leading you toward
       the shower, she reaches in, turning it on, lets it run
       a moment as the water warms and orders you to step into
       it.  You do so.  Your Mistress then retrieves a bar of
       soap and slowly begins to wash you down.  As she does,
       she begins talking to you about specific rules.
               "Slave, you are not to touch your body unless
       given permission to do so.  When you are in the
       precense of your Master or Mistress you will take one
       of two position unless otherwise instructed.  The first
       position is standing, with legs two and one half feet
       apart, hands behind your head.  The second of these
       positions is kneeling, with legs spread wide and hands
       behind your head.  If you are instructed to get into
       position for discipline, you shall get down on your
       knees with head and hands resting on the floor, legs
       spread wide.  If another form of discipline is to be
       administered you will be told what position to take.
       You shall always be open to your Master and/or
       Mistress.  You are to obey the instant your are
       instructed to do something, if you fail to do so
       punishment will be quick and harsh.  If when being
       punished you move in an attempt to avoid the
       punishment, the punishment will begin again as if it
       had never started, and will be repeated in this manner
       until you receive your punishment without movement."
               "I tell you this now slave, for the next step for
       you is your punishment.  You shall be punished for
       going about the house without your Master's permission
       and you shall be punished for your disobeidence to me
       back in the bedroom.  Now get out of the shower."
               You step from the shower, tingling from the water
       that had played on your skin.  Tingling from the
       sensous manner in which your Mistress had bathed you
       and the conversation while bathing you.  Your head is
       spinning a little with the excitement your body feels.
               Your Mistress finishes drying you off then orders
       you to take the position.  You immediately spread your
       legs, attempting to judge two and one half feet, then
       place your hands to the back of your head.  Your
       breasts lift and jet forward with this action.  Your
       Mistress walks around you slowly looking up and down
       your body.  She reaches out with the toe of her foot
       and kicks a your left foot, you follow the lead and
       spread your legs further.  She moves back in front of
       you and reaches out for your nipples.  Her fingers
       feather touch the tip of each nipple and you feel a
       shiver run down your spine.  She lightly rolls the
       nipples between her forefinger and thumb then suddenly,
       with almost a vice like severity, pinches both nipples
       hard.  A slight scream escapes your lips.  Her fingers
       move down your chest to your stomach then to your pubic
       mound.  You note the sensitivity of your pubic area
       without hair to protect it.  You can feel yourself
       react to her touch almost immediately.  She moves her
       fingers into your slit and finds your clit and slowly
       moves her fingers over it.  As she increases her speed
       your begin to drive your hips forward involuntarily.
       As the warmth of your pussy spreads through you and you
       near orgasm your hips begin to thrust forward to meet
       her fingers.  Just as you are about to burst with a
       very strong orgasm, your Mistress pulls her fingers
       from you.  You move forward in an attempt to recapture
       them but she thwarts your movement with her hand
       pressed to your stomach.  You moan loudly and carry out
       in frustration, "Please Mistress!"
               She stands totally erect now and pushes you to
       your knees.  "Assume the postion for punishment you
       little slut slave.  You were not given permission to
       speak."  You kneel and stretch your hands out in front
       of you and then move your head so it is positioned on
       the back of your crossed hands.  You spread your legs
       open as far as you can get them in this position.  You
       can feel the rush of cool air on your anus and your
       pussy and realize for the first time how opened and
       vulnerable you in this position.  Your Mistress moves
       to your side and with a suddenness lays five sharp
       smacks directly on your upturned ass.  You attempt not
       to move, but having not been spanked since you were a
       child, do so reflexively.
               "We start again slave," you hear your Mistress say
       austerely.  Once again you feel the uncharitable blows
       of your Mistress' large hand smack on your upturned
       ass.  You whimper at the blows but this time you do not
       move.
               Your Mistress moves her fingers to your gapping
       hole and slide them into your pussy.  You, for the
       first time, feel the exhaulation caused by the blows
       just administered.  Too quickly she removes her fingers
       from your soaking pussy and orders you up, you obey
       immediately.  She says nothing, but opens the door and
       walks from the bathroom, you follow in silent
       obiedence.
               You are led down the hall to the stairs, then down
       the stairs to another hallway.  Your Mistress stops and
       reaches for another door, opens it and enters.  You
       follow, closing the door behind you.  The two of you
       decend another flight of stairs.  At the landing your
       Mistress turns right, then right again and opens
       another door and orders you inside.
               Once inside you start looking around this room in
       disbelief.  You study the objects on the wall, as well
       as those throughout the room.  One wall is filled with
       various instruments, obviously used for punishment.
       There are some items you have never seen before, but
       you do recognize a whip, a strap, a razor strop, a
       wooden paddle, a rubber soled thong, a birch stick, and
       numerous other leather straps of varying sizes.  You
       feel yourself shiver at the sight of all these
       instruments.  Your eyes glance toward the furniture.
       There is a table, with straps attached, a set of
       carpenters horses with a leather padding in the middle.
       Another device you notice is the seat of a chair with a
       table attached to it, both at the same heigth.  Behind
       this chair/table is what appears to be a flat, thin
       board attached to some sort of mechanical set up with a
       timer on its side.  You feel yourself shudder slightly
       with fear and apprehension.
               "Center of the room, assume the standing
       position." Mistress Katherine orders.  You immediately
       move to the center of the room, spreading your legs
       wide and your hands on the back of your head.
               The door opens slowly and Master Nathaniel walks
       through it and moves directly before you.  Behind him
       is Dana, your long time friend.  You relax a bit at the
       sight of her.
               Master Nathaniel moves closer to you, studies your
       naked body now, you quiver when you feel his eyes focus
       on your newly shaved pussy.  He does not touch you, yet
       your pussy is betraying your excitement and your juices
       form on the shaved pussy lips.
               "Kneel position." Master Nathaniel barks.  You
       immediately kneel down, spreading your legs wide and
       your hands move back to the back of your head.
               "Dana," Master Nathaniel says, and nothing more.
               Dana moves in front of you and looks down at you.
       You glance up her, then return your head to a downward
       position.  The glance is enough to see a look in her
       eyes and on her face that you have never seen before.
       She become aware of your fear.  Dana looks over your
       entire body, even bending down to get a better look at
       your pussy and now you feel the rush of blood to your
       face from the embarrassment her action causes you.
               "Slave," Dana begins, "you were disobiendent
       tonight on several occassions.  You roamed about the
       Master's home as if it were yours.  You disobeyed
       Mistress in the bedroom.  You are as a child here
       slave, learning the proper way to behave and please
       your Master.  Now tell me slave, what happens to a
       child who does not behave properly?"
               You attempt to find your voice and suddenly seems
       to have failed.  You try to clear your throat, holding
       back the excitement, the fear, the rush of emotions you
       are feeling.  Finally the words form in your throat and
       you hear yourself say, "They are spanked."
               "That is correct slave, they are spanked.  Now
       tell me slave, how are they spanked?"
               "They are spanked hard ma'am," you respond.
               "Yes, this is true," Dana continues, the whole
       time she is circling your quivering body.  You feel the
       juices of your pussy flowing from you and down the
       inside of your legs.  "How else are they spanked
       slave?"
               Your mind searches for an answer, you are not
       certain what she is asking, then you hastily blurt out,
       "They are spanked on their bare-bottoms ma'am."
               "Correct again slave.  You are doing very well.
       Though it will not relieve you of the punishment yet to
       come, it will hault more punishment.  Now slave, are
       they spanked hard until their bottoms are pink or
       what?"
               "Until their bottoms are very red ma'am."  You
       respond.  Your body is shaking slightly now foreseeing
       what was to come and the rigorous way in which your
       punishment would be delivered.  Your pussy is an
       effervesce of your juices now from cuased by
       stimulation of your body from the conversation taking
       place.  Anxiety, apprehension, humiliation,
       embarrassment, molesests your body.  Yet an ecstasy of
       pleasure is seething through you at the same time.
               "Correct again slave.  Now the final question,
       before we begin your punishment.  Who administers the
       punishment to the misbehaving child?"
               "Sometimes the mother does and then the father
       does so again when he comes home.  Sometimes just the
       mother and sometimes just the father."  You explain,
       hoping this to be the right answer.
               "Slave, this may be the method in a parents home.
       But in your Master and Mistress' home, how do you think
       a badly behaved child receives punishment?"
               "From both ma'am, the Master and the Mistress."
       You meekly say, almost in a whisper.
               "Correct again slave.  And this is how it will be
       here.  Both Master and Mistress will administer
       punishment to you for your misbehaviour.  In your
       Master's home slave, you will be punished twice for
       everything you do which is incorrect performance.  Do
       you like that slave?"
               "Oh yes ma'am," you hear yourself say.
               "Now slave, you shall ask for your punishment."
               "Master, Mistress, may I please be spanked for my
       bad behaviour of tonight?"
               "Naughty behavior slave, not bad." Dana
       interjects.
               You begin again, "Master, Mistress, may I please
       be spanked for my naughtly behavior of tonight?"
               Master Nathaniel walks in front of you now and you
       feel yourself shiver from the anticipation of his next
       move.  "How do wish to be spanked slave?"
               "Very hard Master, very hard."
               "It will be given to you then in that manner.
       Rise and go to the horse."  You immediately stand,
       hurriedly walk to the carpenters horse, waiting for his
       next instruction.
               "Dana, ready her." Master Nathaniel says coldly.
               "Yes Master," Dana says as she walks toward the
       wall with instruments hanging on them.  You can not see
       what she is doing for your back is to her, your Master
       and Mistress.  You stand waiting, quivering from the
       thrill now flowing easily through your body.  You have
       assumed the standing position while your wait and feel
       your juices running down the inside of your leg past
       your knees now.  Never before have your juices
       flooded from your hot pussy as they are now.
               Dana comes up behind you and grabs your hair on
       the back of your head.  Your head is pulled back and
       she taps at your chin.  You open your mouth, for this
       is all you can think of from her action.  As you do so,
       she pushes a soft rubber ball into it past your teeth.
       She releases the hold on your hair and pushes you from
       the back and forces you over the horse.  Once in place
       she attaches your wrist cuffs to the hooks on each
       opposing leg of the horse.  Then she attaches your legs
       in the same manner.  You are not uncomfortable.  The
       padding beneath your stomach is soft and gives good
       support.  Your ass is up and opened and you feel the
       cool air of the room brush against your anus and your
       opened pussy.  You feel a shiver rush through your body
       but it is a shiver from excitement not from cold.
               Dana places her hands on your ass and lightly rubs
       your buttocks.  This is even more of a turn on to you.
       You did not know you could feel such a sexual response
       from a woman's touch.  But then you reason, perhaps it
       is the excitement of all the events thus far.  Dana
       continues to tickle the flesh of your buttocks, then
       she withdraws her hand.
               You hear someone walk up behind you but you are
       not certain who it is.
               A hand moves to the center of your back and braces
       against it, then the person leans forward and says, "We
       shall start with no less than twenty five spanks and no
       more than forty.", Master Nathaniel announces in your
       right hear.  You instantly jerk from the statement.
       Twenty five to forty is a lot of leeway you think.  But
       with the ball gag forced into your mouth you have
       nothing to say about the impending punishment.  Your
       Master pulls back his hand and you hear him walk away.
       When he returns, he places a wide wooden paddle in
       front of your face saying, "This is the instrument of
       your spanking."  He pulls the paddle back, noting your
       reaction as your wide opened eyes attempt to follow the
       movement of the paddle away from your face.
               With a sudden forcefulness the first smack beat
       across your bare bottom, you tug at your bonds
       slightly.  Before you are prepared for the next it
       comes thrashing down on your ass cheeks, hitting you
       exactly where you would sit.  The next ten spanks are
       delivered to your sit spot and your ass feels on fire.
       Stinging from pain.  The heat from your ass coarses
       through your body and you can feel your pussy gushing
       more fluid with each harsh whack of the paddle.  You
       are keeping count in your head now, secretly hoping for
       this to end, yet at the same time praying it does not.
       The next five solid smacks of the paddle hit your ass
       just above the sit spot.  Your body is now jerking
       uncontrolably with each beat of the paddle and yet your
       hips are attempting to rise to meet the next blow.  You
       have counted seventeen thus far and judge there to be
       only nine, no eight left.  Your Master uses his
       experienced aim hitting you five more times over the
       same spot as the first spanks on your sit spot.  Three
       left you say to yourself, bracing for them.  Your
       Master brings the paddle back and with a abrupt and
       renewed forcefulness lands ten more very hard whacks to
       your flaming bottom, dispersing them over the entire
       buttock area.  Tears are streaming down your face as
       you sob into the ball in your mouth.  Your body is
       yanking uncontrolably at the straps holding you
       prisoner.
               "Now, now, little puss, it is over for now.", Your
       Master says as he leans forward and soothingly rubs his
       hand on your back.  You begin to calm down a little.
       You Master continues to rub you gently on your back and
       his hand moves slowly over your searing ass cheeks.  At
       first his touch causes more pain, but slowly it begins
       to feel wonderful having him console you in this
       manner.  His hand rubs your ass cheeks lightly for a
       few minutes then his fingers find their way between
       your seething cheeks and moves down your slit towards
       your pussy.  He probes your pussy and moves to your
       clit and moves his fingers fast and hard against the
       erect head.  Before you even feel the surge of it, you
       explode with an orgasm.  It is an orgasm so strong your
       body shakes and strains against your bonds.  It moves
       through your body with a vengeous causing you to ripple
       and feel as though you are being turned inside out.
       His fingers continue the action and your a brought to
       another orgasm and another, wave after wave.  You have
       lost count there have been so many.  Finally he pulls
       his fingers from you and pats your crimson cheeks.
               "Good little puss, very good.  You are a very hot
       puss.  And I am sure will please your Master very much
       in the years ahead.", your Master reassures you.  He
       continues to rub your steaming asscheeks giving you
       time to come down from the potent orgasms you have just
       experienced.  You rest your headd downward, a smile on
       your face, feeling a peacefulness inside knowing you
       will be cared for and corrected by this loving man.
       You drift of to sleep with that being your final
       conscience thought.




                        Seductive Master, The - 04

               You are left to sleep only briefly.  Not more than
       an hour has past, when your Master touches your back
       and says, "Slave, wake now."  You shake your head
       slightly in an attempt to bring you back to reality,
       thinking you have dreamed the entire incident of
       before.  When you realize you can not move it floods
       your brain that what you confusingly thought a dream
       was in fact happening.
               "It is time slave, for your Mistress's guidance to
       be administered."  You hear your Master say and then
       feel his hand pull away from your back.
               Your Mistress walks over to your bond body and
       pushes a leather strap in front of your face.  "This is
       my instrument of correction slave.  As your Master gave
       you twenty five to forty as his range, I too will
       administer in the same."  Your heart sinks to your
       stomach now, or so it seems, for you do not believe you
       will be able to take that many more blows to your
       burning cheeks.  Your Mistress reaches out and gently
       rubs your asscheeks, and much to surprise they hurt,
       but not that severely, at least not at her touch.
               "It will begin." Your Mistress says, and yet her
       hand is still on your bottom.  She slowly moves her
       hand down between your legs and gropes at your pussy a
       moment, then moves her fingers to your clit.  Your body
       responds immediately.  Your pussy juices are still
       flowing from just as hard and fast as before.
               You hear the rush of air behind you and with a
       shape stabbing pain the first blows lands on your ass.
       You strain against your bonds and the soreness of your
       buttocks from the prior paddling is felt all the way
       through your body.  The strap lands again and again,
       quickly in the same area of your sit spot.  Your
       Mistress lays the strap across your buttocks just above
       your sit spot in rapid succession.  You are too tired
       and in too much pain to count now and do not even
       attempt to keep track.  It will end when it ends, you
       think to yourself, as the tears roll easily down your
       face.  Another five, harsh smacks of the strap land on
       your sit spot briskly.  You are crying now without
       control.  Suddenly you feel the firmness of your
       Mistress's hand on your back and hear her saying, "It
       is over little slave, rest easy."  Her fingers reach
       for the straps holding your arms and releases them,
       then your legs.  Slowly she helps your up from the
       horse and leads you to the table on the other side of
       the room.
               You Master stands waiting for you there and you
       notice Dana is still there but on the other side of the
       room in standing position.  Your Mistress and Dana are
       nude but your Master still wears the robe he came in
       wearing.  When you reach your Master he holds you up
       against his chest and reaches down to lift your chin up
       to his face.  He slowly, tenderly kisses your tear
       streaked face then holds you warmly to his chest.  You
       feel, for perhaps the first time in your life,
       protected and loved.
               Your Master then reaches down and lifts your legs
       and cradles you in his arms.  Slowly he moves to the
       side of the table and gently lowers you to it.  When
       your asscheeks touch the table top you scream with pain
       and your Master gently rubs his hand to the cheek of
       your face.  You stare into his eyes and are pulled into
       him, feeling a part of his very being.  As you continue
       to look at his magnificent eyes the initial pain of the
       table touching your very well spanked buttocks eases
       and you relax against the table.
               Your Mistress moves to your other side and as your
       Master bends down, removing your ball gag, kisses you
       gently, your Mistress pulls your arms above your head
       and secures them to two wrist cuffs on opposite sides
       of the table.  Your Master continues to kiss you and
       probes your mouth with his tongue.  As he does this
       your Mistress moves to the end of the table and
       attaches your legs in the same manner as your hands.
       You are now spread eagle on the table and bonds
       securely.  You don't care.  You have finally gotten
       your hearts desire.
               "I pray my little puss, you have learned your
       lesson about wrong behavior.  If not, punishment can
       and will be administered at any time."
               You do not respond to your Master's statements,
       for they were not in the form of a question.  But you
       shake your head up and down to acknowledge his
       statements.
               Your Master's mouth continues to touch and grace
       your face, as his hand moves down your body to the top
       of your shaven, wet pussy.  He slowly slide his fingers
       into your slit and methodically moves them over your
       clit.  You feel your back arch upward to meet his hand,
       just as your ass had arch upward to meet the blow of
       the paddle and the strap.  Each time you arched your
       back and lifted your ass off the table you felt the
       pain of your punishment when your hips settled back to
       the table top. You Master's fingers continued to probe
       your soaking pussy, slowly, deliberately, as if guided
       by an unseen road map of your most erotic spots.
               He withdrows his fingers slowly and they are
       quickly replaced by your Mistress's fingers.  Your
       Master then removes his robe and climbs on the table
       straddling your breasts.  His cock comes to your chin,
       it is firm but not hard.  You part your lips and open
       your mouth freely to accept it.  You slowly work your
       tongue around the shaft of it and he pulls and pushes
       himself in and out of your mouth.  When he pulls out
       your tongue finds the crown of his cocks and works
       feverishly over it before he pushes back into your
       mouth.  The actions of your Mistress's fingers do not
       go unnoticed by you and your body is arching upward
       with each movement of your Mistress's fingers on your
       clit.  You continue to work your tongue around your
       Master's cock for a few minutes more.  When you feel
       you are about to explode your Master withdraws from
       your mouth, your Mistress stops rubbing your clit.
       Your Master slides down the table moving over your
       spread legs and slowly thrusts his cock into your hot,
       dripping pussy.  As his rhythm builds, your Mistress
       comes back to the side of the table and begins rubbing
       your clit in time with the rhythm of your Master's
       thrusts.  Your Master increases the speed of his
       thrusts now and you know it will not be long before he
       cums inside you.  When he reaches a fever pitch of
       thrusting, your Mistress increases the speed and
       firmness of her rubbing on your clit and suddenly in a
       blinding moments you feel your Master's cum explode
       inside you.  Again and again it shots into your inner
       most being and you climax in time with your Master's.
       When he finally withdraws from you, you are still in
       climax and your Mistress continues to rub your clit
       hard and fast.  Just as you are about to climax again
       your Mistress withdraws her fingers from your clit.
       You lay there frustrated in agony to cum.
               "Little slave," your Mistress says to you. "You
       can not be the only one to cum.  You will learn there
       are times when you will be permitted to cum and times
       when you are not.  This is a time you are not permitted
       to cum, at least not yet."
               As you feel yourself coming down from the wave of
       orgasms you just experiences.  Your Mistress puts her
       fingers back to your clit and rubs you to the edge
       again.  You are pulling at your ties now and trying to
       pull free, in vain, to reach yourself so you might be
       satisfied.  Your head flips back and forth and as it
       does you see your Master kneeling on the floor with
       Dana's leg spread over his shoulders.  His mouth busily
       eating her pussy and bringing her to climax.  As she
       shutters he reaches down and slaps harshly at her ass
       and she moans loudly and spasms ripple her body.
               You have your own problem, as your Mistress is
       back teasing and tormenting your clit again bringing
       you back to the edge once more.  When you are near
       climax she stops, mounts the table and spreads herself
       open over your mouth.  You need not be told what is
       expected of you, though you have never eaten a woman
       before.  You open your mouth and plunge your tongue
       into her dripping pussy.  You search her slit and find
       her large clit and begin flicking it with your tongue.
       The more frantic your tongue action the more of your
       Mistress's juices fills your mouth.  It doesn't taste
       bad, sort of sweet you think and a renewed energy
       impacts you as your tongue moves faster and faster.
               As your Mistress rocks her pussy back and forth
       over your mouth, you know she is close to coming and
       the action of your tongue increases.  Your Mistress
       reaches behind her and feels her way to your pussy and
       pushes two fingers into your hot open hole and begins
       to thrust them in and out of you.  Moments later you
       both cum again and your Mistress's love juices flow
       into your mouth and you lick them hungrily.
               She lay on top of you for a moment, you body
       feeling her larger frame and size then she climbs off
       you and walks to your Master.
               "She didn't do badly for a first timer," you hear
       her say.
               Your Master, who has finished with Dana, moves
       back to the side of the table and touches your cheek.
       "That is all for today little puss.  Tomorrow will
       shall begin with nipple clamps and loosening up your
       virgin ass.  You shall become one of my prize slaves if
       you continue to perform as you did tonight.  You have
       pleased your Master.  Now Dana will take you and bath
       you, then put you to bed.  Good night little puss."
               You are released from your bonds and taken from
       the playroom by Dana.  When you reach the stairs to the
       second floor Dana finally turns to you and says, "Well,
       didn't I tell it was worth waiting for?"
               "Yes, and boy were you right.  I've never been
       fucked like that in my life.  I can hardly wait till
       the next time."  You ass cheeks tingle as you climb the
       stairs.

       More later, as Elizabeth progresses with her training.




                        Seductive Master, The - 05

               "Your training is coming along nicely, little
       puss," your Master states to you.  You are pleased and
       delighted that your Master is happy with your progress.
               "Your training will, of course, continue.
       Sometimes at my hand and at other times at the hand of
       your Mistress.  When have learned the ultimate lessons
       of being a slave your shall move from the training
       level and be given more freedom.  But not until you
       have achieved the levels and depths of understanding I
       demand from my slaves."
               You stand, naked before your Master, with hands
       bound behind your head.  Your Master had ordered you
       take the standing position and you obeyed.  Once your
       hands were placed behind your head your Master securely
       bound them together.  Of course you could pull them
       over your head and move them to the front of you, but
       knew it would bring a wrath of punishment either from
       your Master or your Mistress, so they remained where
       your Master had bound them.  You nipples extended and
       somewhat in pain at this moment, for the clips had been
       placed on them sometime earlier.  You had progressed to
       the third level of clips, the pain caused by the first
       clips was now like a tickle to your experienced
       nipples.
               Master Nathaniel moves in front of your
       submissively turned down face, "I want you, little
       puss, to review the last few days since your training
       began and then I shall ask you a question.  You may
       take as long as you like going over the events of the
       days past."
               He steps closer to you and reaches for your
       clipped nipples and gently runs his fingers over the
       clips.  This causes some more pressure to be added to
       the clips and an increase in the pain.  Yet pain and
       pleasure have become almost inseparable to you now.
       Determining the difference is somewhat difficult for
       they seem to have formed a bond and become one over the
       past few days.
               You begin to reflect back to those prior events
       and the vision of what had happened create a hunger
       deep within your stomach which moves directly to your
       pussy, causing it stir with excitement.  After the
       first night, when examined by a strange man, the
       doctor, then the strange woman, your Mistress shaving
       your pussy and playing with your delicate nether lips,
       then being administered an enema.  Then removed from
       the examination room to the playroom in the basement,
       being spanked severely and brought to the first all
       consuming orgasm you had ever had, not once but twice.
       Your thoughts are heating your pussy now.  After that
       first wonderful night in the playroom, Dana walked you
       back upstairs and bathed you.  Instructing you at that
       time that you were not to touch yourself under any
       circumstances, unless given specific permission, nor
       could you masturbate.  If you did, you would be
       punished in the most severe manner.  You remember
       thinking at the time that tonight's spankings were so
       severe that what could be more severe.  You did not
       know at that time you would learn what was more severe
       and yet what would bring you to one of the elevated
       climaxes of your young life.
               When Dana has completed the bath she had you lay
       face down on the bed and applied some soothing cream to
       your still inflamed buttocks.  Even this caused you to
       become aroused.  Yet Dana did not touch your pussy nor
       did she make a move towards your tender hole of your
       ass.  She merely, systematically rubbed the various
       areas of your backside, covering your shoulders down to
       you upturned feet.  You felt the light finger touch of
       your long time friend rubbing your nude aching body and
       could not help the prodding of excitement your pussy
       felt from her fingers.  You wanted to, no you yearned
       to reach down to your pussy and sooth it and bring it
       back to another climatic high, but remembering Dana's
       instruction you resisted the urge and remained quiet on
       the bed.
               When Dana had finished the delicate cream massage
       to your back she softly, but firmly ordered you to you
       turn over.  You did so without reservations.  She began
       the same laborious massage to the front of you.  As she
       did, she instructed you in what was expected of you as
       a slave to the Master Nathaniel.
               "You are to always be ready.  Regardless of the
       circumstances.  Your pussy, you will learn, will flow
       easily and joyously when in his presence or in the
       presence of your Mistress.  Soon you will discover that
       just hearing the Master's or the Mistress's voice will
       cause your juices to flow with ease.  He will satisfy
       your needs, either with his own body or in some other
       manner.  The other ways, you will find to be most
       erotic as well."
               As Dana spoke, her fingers, as though controlled
       by her conjuring up past memories, find your nipples
       and slowly, methodically caress the very tips, causing
       a stirring deep within your being.  You are becoming so
       hot now with desire that your body is all but aching
       from the need and your hips slowly move upward in an
       attempt to grasp the thin air.  Dana suddenly realizes
       she is bringing to this level and removes her hand
       quickly.
               "I was not to get you excited.  I was instructed
       to massage your body and soothe it with the cream but
       not get you excited from the action.  I don't really
       know how I couldn't but that was as it was to be." Dana
       rose from the bed now, sat the container of cream on
       the night stand and continued talking, now slowly with
       deliberateness of her words.  "You shall not be bound
       to the bed tonight slave.  You will have the freedom
       tonight to sleep unincumbered as well as the freedom to
       move about the room and use the bath when necessary.
       Master Nathaniel does not hasten his activities in the
       training of a new slave.  But rather does this in a
       slow, lingering, enjoyable process.  But do not, slave,
       expect to experience such leniency in the future."
               Then, much to your surprise, Dana leaves the room
       abruptly without a further word.  You lay back down on
       the bed and your hand, as if with a mind of its own,
       reaches to your breasts and gently touches the nipples.
       As your left hand kneads the erect nipples your right
       hand slides down your body to your shaven pussy,
       pressing your fingers into the slit and gently begins
       rubbing.  You jerk yourself back, pulling your hands
       from your body, as you recall Dana's instructions not
       to touch yourself.  It was too late, but you decided it
       did not matter for you were alone in a bedroom.  Soon
       sleep encases you and you dream of all that has
       happened to you since the beginning of your journey
       tonight.
               You are awakened by the harsh reality of a
       forceful arm on yours, pulling you upward from the bed.
       Your head and brain still filled with sleep, you are
       unable to determine if it is morning or the middle of
       the night.  With a strength of a man, your Mistress
       pulls your arms upward and drags you to the edge of the
       bed.  Your legs hang over the side and your Mistress,
       pressing your face into her stomach region, leans
       forward and behind you and pulls your arms back,
       securing them firmly with leather cuffs.  She then
       backs away from you and pulls on your nipples, firmly,
       extending them from your well rounded mounds.  As she
       pulls, she increases the pressure of her fingers until
       the nipples are pinches quite hard.  You are now fully
       awake.
               "So, you like touching yourself do you slave?"
               You do not respond.  You fear if you answer yes it
       will bring a fast and quick punishment to you.  You
       fear if you do not respond, this too will bring
       punishment.  And if you do respond by saying no, you
       will be surely punished for lying.      Mistress
       reaches the nipples again and repeats the question,
       holding tightly to each nipple.  "Do you like touching
       yourself slave?"
               "Yes Mistress," you whisper through the pain in
       your throat wishing to scream rather than speak an
       audible word.
               "Were you not told slave not to touch yourself?"
       The pressure to your nipples is reestablished with each
       question, then released when you answer.
               "Yes Mistress," you have now dropped your head in
       shame for the wrong you have done.  You become totally
       conscious now that your bedroom was indeed not that
       private.
               "And you touched yourself during the night, did
       you not slave?" Pinching harder still, causing you to
       gasp from the pain in your nipples.
               "Yeeeeessss Mistress, I'm sorry Mistress," you
       squirm on the edge of the bed as the pressure to your
       nipples continues.   "I will not do it again Mistress,
       please, I will not."
               "I shall see to that slave.  You shall be bound to
       keep you from such an act." Your Mistress stated, as
       she slowly released the pressure to your nipples.  "You
       must learn your body is not yours any longer and
       belongs completely and totally to your Master and me.
       It is for our touch, not yours.  Now rise and go
       relieve yourself and will shall begin the preparations
       for your day."
               You obey without hesitation.  You crave to touch
       your nipples, to rub them and remove the pain that
       still lingers on the tips, but with hands bound behind
       you this is not possible.  You enter the bathroom and
       sit, only to see your Mistress walking in behind you.
       Your face turns bright red again, and you drop your
       eyes to the floor before you, knowing a request for
       some privacy would merely bring an inflamed Mistress
       towards you.  You remain silent and complete your
       business and your Mistress then orders you to stand in
       the shower.  Once inside, she removes your binds from
       your wrists and turns the water on full.  It is cold at
       first and makes you wiggle in an attempt to get out of
       the cold jet.  Your Mistress grabs your arm and pulls
       you back in front of it and holds you there. She soaps
       you up thoroughly then lets the water beat against your
       skin until you are completely rinsed.  Then she orders
       you from the shower stall and takes a towel and drys
       you.  She replaces the leather cuffs to your wrists and
       presses your arms back then secures the cuffs again
       behind you.
               "Down the hall slave, to the examining room."
       She orders, and you move quickly from the room to the
       hallway.  Walking a few steps before your Mistress you
       arrive at the examining room ahead of her.  "Open the
       door slave!"  How, you think, then turn around facing
       your Mistress, grip the handle of the door and slowly
       turn until it clicks open.
               "On the table slave.  On your back with legs in
       the stirrups."  You obey again, but dread this most
       vulnerable position.  Your Master's hand, you had
       discovered last night is much more soothing and gentle
       than your Mistress's.  Just prior to your laying on the
       table your Mistress unclips your hands and tells you to
       stretch them to the top of the table as soon as your
       feet are in position in the stirrups.  Once completed,
       your hands, knees, and feet are securely to the table
       and stirrups, as they were the night before.  Your
       Mistress then presses the stirrups open even more until
       your pussy lips are spread wide and gaping open.
       Mistress then places a leather strap, brought from
       either side of the table, around your hips, thus
       preventing you from rotating them upward.
               "You like to touch your tits slave?"
               "Yes Mistress," you whisper timidly.
               "Then we shall give you a false lover to touch
       your nipples so the sensation does not leave you for a
       long time to come."  Your Mistress says and then moves
       to the counter opposite the table and comes back with
       two clips.  She reaches down and gently strokes the
       nipples until they are firm and erect then places one
       clip on each nipple.  You scream from the pain the
       clips are yielding to your breasts and your Mistress
       merely moves back to the counter returning with a soft,
       rubber ball gag.  She quickly pushes it into your mouth
       when you are about to release yet another scream, then
       secures it tightly behind your head.  You continue to
       moan and react to the pinching clips of your nipples
       when finally you realize they are not that harsh, not
       any harsher than your Mistress pinching the tips of
       each nipple, as a matter of fact, they are less harsh
       than this.  You begin to relax and let the sensation of
       the constant pressure to your sensitive nipples bring
       you to a new wave of excitement.
               "You like to touch your pussy slave?"
               You can not answer now, with the gag pressed deep
       into your mouth, but manage to lift your head slightly
       and shake it up and down.  Fear suddenly runs rampant
       in your body when you think of clips, as those on your
       nipples, secured to your pouting pussy lips, or your
       clit, my gawd your clit.  You thrash your head back and
       forth in a panic, hoping, above all hope to figure a
       way out from your current predicament.  Your mind is
       racing with thoughts and ideas of how to make free then
       the reality of the situation, comes thundering into
       your brain, you can not get free.  You must take
       whatever punishment your Mistress administers.
               "I see you have thought of the clips attached to
       your soft, pliable pussy lips," your Mistress says as
       she reaches to the wide opened hole of your pussy and
       fingers you lightly.  "Or perhaps to this firm clit of
       yours," she continues as she moves her fingers up to
       the clit and applies a gentle but firm caress to the
       tip of your clit.  You try to pivot your hips to move
       from her teasing, tormenting fingers, but the leather
       strap secured about your hips prevents such action.
               "We shall not place clips on these most sensitive
       regions, at least not yet slave.  But they shall be
       punished.  For you will, after today, I promise be
       convinced that your body is no longer yours but your
       Master's and mine.  We shall be the ones to touch you,
       caress you, bring you to heights of pleasure."  Your
       Mistress stops talking, removes her fingers from your
       opened sex and walks back to the counter.  Your body is
       relieved of the tension it felt and you relax with your
       weight back to the table top, making no attempt to get
       away.
               When your Mistress returns she carries with her a
       small leather strap.  The strap is flexible and she
       swings it about over your face.  It is about six inches
       in length with a handle giving it another four inches.
       After swinging it above your face she moves to the end
       of the table to your wide spread legs.  A rush of
       horror fills your body when you comprehend what the
       leather strap use will be.  Despite your fear and
       anxiety your pussy is flowing without restriction
       letting your hot juices creep down your opened crack
       and finally down to the table top.  Your Mistress
       positions herself before your opened regions and swings
       her arm back, with the leather strap acting as an
       extension to her firm hand.  One crashing blow after
       another slaps down upon your opened pussy lips, above
       them, below them finally your tender, virgin anus, then
       finally finding the erect nub of your clit.  You jerk
       and thrust your hips upwards as much as permitted with
       the restraints to this area and scream through the ball
       gag.  The tears stream down your face now and you are
       certain the pain will cause you to black out.
               Odd, you note, in the midst of this pussy lashing,
       your nipples do not hurt any longer from their
       entrapped fake lovers clasp.  The pain inflicted on
       your wide open, vulnerable pussy and sex canal has
       released the pain from your nipples.  Your Mistress
       dispenses three more harsh strapping to your opened sex
       then stops.  Her fingers move to the tip of your clit
       and begins to move harshly over it,and around it.  With
       a suddenness, with no warning to yourself, you spasm in
       a overpowering orgasm.  Your body wretches forward, as
       much as possible, then shudders and quakes in an
       uncontrollable response to the zenith of your climax.
       Your head falls back onto the table top and darkness
       fills your eyes and senses as you sink into an orgasmic
       blackout.
               When you come to, some hour and half later, your
       condition has changed only slightly.  You still remain
       in your most vulnerable openness, with legs spread wide
       on the stirrups and hands above your head.  But now,
       the ball gag and leather strap pressing your hips
       tightly to the table top have been removed.  Your
       Master is now in the room and stands talking with your
       Mistress.  You can not truly make out what they are
       saying, as you come to, but hear them speak of the
       slave, and assume they are speaking of you.
               "Well little puss," your Master says when he sees
       your eyes open, "have you learned who owns this body of
       yours?"
               "Yes Master, you, Master and Mistress own this
       body."
               "Very good little puss.  As long as you remember
       this fact, then an episode such as this will not have
       to be repeated."  He turns back to your Mistress now,
       "Give her an enema, feed her some breakfast then
       prepare her for anal penetration.  I want her virgin
       ass opened and stretched so it might accept me."
               You hear this and tears slowly fill your eyes.
       Not from the thought of your Master's sex inside your
       virgin ass, but from the thought of the enema, which
       you dearly dislike, almost hate.




                        Seductive Master, The - 06

               As you stand, submissively before your Master,
       reflecting on the prior days, your clipped nipples
       respond to the sensation of the clips and stirs a
       warmth through your nether region.  You continue to
       ponder the events, they now somehow seemed so long ago.

               Your mind quickly pushes past the total discomfort
       of the enema you experienced.  Then you recall the
       gentle, almost tender massage your Mistress gave you
       during the shower following the enema.
               Having relieved yourself of the three bags of
       water your Mistress filled you with, she then orders
       you into the shower.  Your hands are free, but you feel
       no need to run, nor desire.  Gently, she begins to
       massage your body with a washcloth filled with soap.
       When she reaches your well strapped pussy region, she
       gingerly touches you, moving her fingers lightly,
       tenderly over the lips.  The sensation returns to your
       pussy, your clit and the entire tender area, for this
       region felt somewhat numb from the harsh spanking it
       had just received.  Your Mistress removes the washcloth
       from her hand and with compassionate, satin fingers
       strokes the soap within your slit.  You legs are spread
       wide already, but you attempt to spread them even more,
       and the only restraint is the size of the shower
       itself.  Your Mistress responds to your attempt to
       spread wider for her, by gently, carefully moving her
       silky fingers deeper into you.  You feel the burning
       desire, deep within your womb for the fulfillment of
       your now opened, well lubricated pussy to be filled
       with the hardness of your Master's manliness.  Your
       Mistress continues to move her fingers in and out of
       your flowing pussy, when you realized she had pressed
       four fingers deep within you.  Her thumb searched for
       your clit and gently rubs it.  Within a few moments you
       were in the throws of another orgasm.  As the waves of
       pleasure rushes through your body, you reach to the
       walls of the shower to hold yourself steady.  When you
       are finished, and begin climbing down from the orgasmic
       high your Mistress picks up the washcloth and finishes
       washing you.
               You are then taken downstairs, unbound, but still
       nude, for breakfast.  You walk into the breakfast room,
       which is nothing more than a sun porch directly by the
       kitchen and wait for your Mistress to instruct you.
       You take notice of a chair on the other side of the
       room.  It strikes you odd, for in the center of the
       chair is what appears to be a dildo extended upwards
       from the bottom.  A shiver runs through you when your
       realize what its purpose is.  Your Mistress moves over
       to the chair, pulls a tube of K-Y jelly from a pocket
       in the smock she wears and spreads it completely around
       the one and one half in thick dildo.
               "Come slave, your seat of honor awaits," she says
       to you.  You sheepishly and with great apprehension
       move to the chair.  Your ass cheeks and sphincter
       reflexes involuntarily as you walk in anticipation of
       what is come.  As you slowly walk towards the chair you
       hear something behind you and glance back over your
       shoulder.  Much to your humiliation and mortification
       are two other people.  One dressed as a maid and the
       other obviously the gardener judging from his
       appearance.  Your entire body feels the warmth of a
       blush as it covers you.  Your head drops in utter
       despair for your situation and indignity you are now
       suffering in front of strangers.  You have become
       accustomed to your Mistress and Master, but these
       people.  Your brain contemplates the ability of
       retreating, withdrawing from your agreement with your
       Master, but your heart, your inner being knows you will
       not.  You have finally achieved the security you have
       always desired.  The fulfilling inner joy of peace,
       knowing you are cared for, taken care of and when
       behaving properly given all the things your heart and
       fantasy dreams could desire.  Why even the spankings
       and harsh treatment of your pussy from the strapping
       this morning made you feel the release of tension from
       your being, as well as the long need you have had for
       punishment for failure to live up to your own
       potential.  You knew these were some of many reasons
       you enjoyed the spankings, the punishment.  Though
       these thoughts raged through your mind, it did not
       alter the embarrassment you were experiencing at this
       moment.
               Once you reached the chair, your Mistress stopped
       you in front of it, "Standing position slave, legs
       spread very wide."  You immediately placed your hands
       behind your head, interlacing the fingers of each hand
       and spread your legs a good two and half to three feet
       apart.
               "Now slave, bend forward.  You may use your hands
       on your ankles if you need steady yourself."  You want
       to bend completely over and crawl away, for the maid
       and gardener still stood watching the activities of you
       and your Mistress.  You bend forward then quickly bring
       your hands from behind your head and brace yourself on
       your ankles.  You can feel the air caress your anus and
       opened pussy.
               Slowly your Mistress places K-Y jelly on her
       fingers and begins to circle the outer ring of your
       anus.  Your muscles tighten at the touch.  "You will
       feel much pain if you do not relax slave, so relax."
               You know from the experience of having a small
       butt plug inserted that this is true.  But this dildo
       forced through the seat of the chair is not a small
       butt plug.  It is about five inches long as well as an
       inch and a half thick.  You try to relax, to focus your
       attentions on other things, then you feel your
       Mistress's fingers enter you rear hole.  Slowly she
       moves her fingers around inside you, lubricating you
       thoroughly.
               "Standing position slave," she commands.  You
       immediately stand up and bring your hands back to
       behind your head.  Your face is flushed red from
       leaning forward, which does a nice job of hiding the
       red caused by your blushing.  Slowly your Mistress
       maneuvers you to the seat of the chair and the waiting
       dildo.  She gently, but firmly pushes down on your
       shoulders and you, with great reluctance bend your
       knees and move to a sitting position.  The plastic head
       of the dildo begins to slowly press at your anus and
       you react by tightening your sphincter muscle once
       again.  Without a word your Mistress pulls you back up
       and draws you near her.  She cradles you in her arms,
       with the tenderness of a mother holding her child.  She
       holds you closely to her well endowed breasts and
       gently begins talking to you in a whispering voice.
               "You must relax," as she speaks her hands that are
       wrapped around your naked body begin to rub you gently.
       One hand to your back, the other moving to your
       buttocks and soothingly rubbing your round, firm
       derriere.  You feel yourself relax in her strong arms.
       When she moves her hands back and simply holds you
       talking quietly, "If you do not relax you could hurt
       yourself.  We don't want that dear.  Now you must trust
       me and just relax."
               When she releases her grasp on you, it becomes
       clear the entire time she talked to you she was moving
       you over the dildo and finally on to it, so it now
       pressed gently inside your anus.  There was no pain, oh
       perhaps a little, but very minor.  It felt huge inside
       you but not totally uncomfortable.
               "Now lift your legs up from the floor and let your
       body weight lower you the rest of the way."  Your
       Mistress states.  You comply, lifting your legs up and
       feeling the dildo move deeper within your bowel, until
       you feel your asscheeks firmly on the seat of the chair
       and the intruder hard and erect within you.
               Your Mistress turns around and motions for the
       other two people watching this entire ordeal to come
       into the breakfast room now.  They move in, one on
       either side of your chair and suddenly lift the chair
       by the seat and move it closer to the table.  When they
       have completed this task they bow their heads and ask,
       "May we go back to work now Mistress?"  She grants them
       permission to do so and orders the maid to bring
       breakfast for the two of you.
               "Now little slave, you shall sit upon your throne
       for at least two hours this morning and then return to
       it tonight for another two.  In a few days the small
       dildo will be replaced with a larger one and we will
       continue using larger ones until your Master is
       satisfied. Good," she interrupts herself as the maid
       slave brings two plates of scrambled eggs with fruit on
       the side, to the table, places them before your
       Mistress. "Now, lets see, where was I, oh yes, your
       Master will test your progress for anal penetration
       periodically and we will continue to treat the area
       until he is totally happy."  The maid slave brings in
       coffee now for the two of you and bows her head,
       walking backwards from the room and leaves you and your
       Mistress in private to eat.
               "When the two hours have passed slave," your
       Mistress continues as she eats her breakfast, and you
       eat yours, "we shall permit you the right to relieve
       yourself then you shall retire to the playroom."
               The playroom, the thought rushes through your
       brain, oh good, as you begin wondering what excitements
       await you in a short period of time.
               Thirty minutes having passed, as you sit on your
       dildo throne, and your anus feels as though a huge rod
       is pushed into it.  Your ass is becoming numb from
       sitting so perfectly still.  The discomfort is becoming
       an irritant rather than a pleasure even with the
       thought of your Master entering you.
               Your Mistress finishes her second cup of coffee
       then rises and moves to your chair.  She kneels down to
       the side of you and orders you to lift your legs.  You
       obey instantly, and she slides the chair around to face
       her.  Now fully in front of you, your legs spread wide,
       in the proper position of a slave, she moves her
       fingers to your pussy and presses into their soft pedal
       folds.  She slowly moves her fingers around, you can
       feel your juices begin to flow at her first touch.  She
       increases the speed, only slightly and you can feel the
       furor of her actions rush through your body.  She
       suddenly withdraws her fingers and moves to under the
       chair.  You jump slightly when the dildo pushed deep
       within you begins to vibrate.  Her fingers move back to
       your warm pussy and begin to rub your outer lips and
       teasingly slips inside then out again.  This continues
       and you can feel yourself nearing orgasm, though as it
       begins to streak through your body, all the action
       stops abruptly.  You are in total frustration and start
       to move your unbound hands to your clit to satisfy
       yourself.  With a sudden realization of the pussy
       whipping you received earlier you pull your hands back
       and place them behind your head, an attempt to cover
       your original intent.  Your Mistress seems to have
       bought this move for she says nothing regarding it.
               The next hour and a half is spent bringing you to
       the very edge of orgasm then denying you the
       opportunity for release.  Finally, your Mistress
       presses her fingers deep within you while her thumb
       reaches your clit and works it around feverishly, then
       the dildo in your anus is started again and the
       vibration raises you higher to orgasm.  Suddenly the
       dildo is moving in and out of your anus and thrusting
       back and forth and you explode in an even higher orgasm
       than the others you had felt since being here.
               "Now slave," your Mistress sternly says, once you
       have recovered from the orgasm, "to the bathroom,
       relieve yourself, then to the playroom for your next
       lesson."  You pull yourself off the plastic cock
       slowly, then walk down the hall to the bathroom.  You
       use the facilities then immediately make your way to
       the door to the basement leading to the playroom.  Your
       Mistress in attendance all the while.
               Upon entering the playroom you see your Master.
       Your heart skips a beat and you wish you could rush to
       him and throw your arms around his neck and thank him
       for the pleasures he is teaching you.  But you know if
       you do so you will not be received in the same manner
       in which you feel and thus you restrain yourself from
       this outward display of gratitude and love.  Yes love,
       for now you feel a strong bond of love for your Master
       and Mistress.  For all the doors of pleasure they have
       opened to you thus far.
               "Standing position slave," your Mistress orders,
       once you are in the playroom and close to the center of
       it.  You assume your position immediately, with head
       bowed as your Master and Mistress discuss you and your
       progress.
               "She did well on the dildo chair Master
       Nathaniel", your Mistress reported.  "She stayed the
       entire two hours and responded well to the thrusting of
       the small dildo in and out of her anus.  She did
       however, when being teased, attempt to reach for her
       pussy to satisfy her need, but quickly pulled her arms
       back and placed them behind her head."
               Damn, you think to yourself, she did notice.  Your
       heart sinks at the thought of this, for you are certain
       you will be punished.  You can only pray it will not be
       another whipping to your tender, sensitive pussy.
               "Thank you Mistress, I will continue her training
       this afternoon, you may go now," your Master states
       firmly.  Your Mistress leaves the room, closing the
       door tightly behind her.  "So little puss, you like to
       masturbate and satisfy your needs!  We shall continue
       to work on this desire and correct this wrong
       behavior."  Your Master walks to the wall shelving
       holding the various instruments used for punishment and
       walks back with a simple flat, wooden hairbrush.  He
       reaches down, unties his robe, hangs it on a hook, then
       stands before you nude.  His firm body ripples when he
       bends his knees slightly and grasps firmly your right
       arm, pulling it from the clasped fingers of your left
       hand he leads you across the room to a chair.  He sits
       and pats his knees, "Lay across my knees little pus for
       your correction."  You can feel the excitement rising
       in you as well as the humiliation and shame.  You feel
       like a small child now, about to be paddled for bad
       behavior.  You know your chastiser is puritanical about
       proper conduct and will rigidly administer the
       punishment to correct such behavior.  Slowly, with
       trepidation you lay across the knees of your Master,
       your pussy slowly oozing its juices down to your inner
       thigh.
               Unknown to you, your Master is aware that a bare
       bottom spanking across his knees is one of the most
       sensuous actions a Master can have with a slave, next
       to pressing his hard cock into all her openings.  He
       slowly positions you over his knees, so your bare
       bottom is in direct line to his right arm.  He tells
       you to keep your legs spread wide and says you are not
       to move.  "If you move," he warns, "we shall begin
       again.  Each time you move, we start over, do you
       understand little puss?"
               "Yes Master," you say, now in a little girl voice.
               "Very good little puss.  As the lessons of this
       morning did not seem to sink in properly we will
       administer no less than forty spanks.  They shall be
       placed firmly on the sit spot of your bared bottom with
       the hard, wooden hairbrush.  After each spank you will
       state to your Master, 'thank you Master, I behaved
       badly and deserve more', until we reach the agreed
       forty spanks.  When the forty have been delivered, I
       shall begin again with my opened hand, giving you
       another forty.  Again, little puss, you must not move
       or the action will start all over from one.  Is this
       clear?"
               "Yes Master," you say in the most timid voice,
       which even surprises you, for you have not heard this
       tone from yourself since you were a child receiving a
       sound spanking from your father.  Your inner thigh area
       quivers with the anticipation of the first blow and you
       brace yourself for the sharpness of it.  Deep within
       you, you desire this more than anything.  It satisfies
       some need buried, and hidden within and is almost as
       exhilarating as feeling your Master's hard cock inside
       you.  The first spank comes down on your sit spot,
       firmly but not harshly.  You immediately respond with,
       "Thank you Master, I behaved badly and deserve more."
               "I shall oblige you then little puss," your Master
       responds as he brings the hairbrush down almost in the
       same spot with a bit more force.  Again your repeat
       your recital of words, believing them even more with
       each spank imparted on your firm, round, bare bottom.
               By the time your Master has reached thirty, the
       spanks are hard, almost severe, being delivered with a
       firm, burning sting to your unprotected ass.  You are
       in tears now, but still have not moved nor have you
       forgotten to thank your Master for doing his duty in
       your Master drops the hairbrush to the floor.  His hand
       moves tenderly to your burning ass and caresses the
       glowing surface of your sit spot.  Maintaining an even
       pressure and caress to your bare, throbbing ass.
       Slowly his fingers move down to your opened legs and
       presses ever gently into your open, sopping pussy.  He
       tenderly, with fingers that feel almost like feathers
       moves over your pussy, finding your clit and fondles it
       ever so carefully and gingerly.  His hand now moves
       back to your ass and rubs a little firmer on the tender
       area.
               "Now little puss, we will continue.  You do
       remember what you are to say, do you not?"
               "Yes Master," you answer, just as timidly as
       before.
               "Very good!  We shall begin."  And with that your
       Master's hand firmly and smartly strikes your sit spot
       again.  You let out a yelp and the tears begin to flow
       again down your cheeks.  Again you do not forget your
       ordered statement, "Thank you Master, I have behaved
       badly and deserve more."  With that, your Master brings
       his hand firmly down again, giving you only enough time
       to respond, then again and again.  You can feel the
       heat from your ass all the way to your pussy.  You note
       that your pussy is pressed directly into his knee now,
       as he has readjusted your position some to ensure it
       is.  You also note that your Master's cock is firm
       under your stomach.  The feeling of his firm cock
       excites you even more and your pussy is flowing as
       easily as the river Nile.
               As each spank is unyieldingly given, you can feel
       your pussy become more and more excited.  Finally, near
       the thirty fourth spank you burst with a surging
       orgasm, your body jerks and shudders from the force of
       it, yet somehow you remain firmly across your Master's
       lap.  He delays the spanks now, spacing them apart
       more, and when each is given your can feel the force of
       yet another explosive orgasm rushing through you.  When
       he reaches forty, you feel the frustration of needing
       to cum, yet are not relieved.  Your Master stops
       spanking you and orders you up to standing position.
       You reluctantly do as you are told.
               "Now little puss, do you think you have learned
       your lesson?"
               "Yes Master," you sheepishly say, with head bowed.
               "I should hope so little puss.  If not, there will
       be further punishment.  But I am certain there will be
       anyway, for you have a long way to go before you have
       learned all the proper training of a slave."
               Your Master walks around you as he speaks.  His
       voice never louder than a soft, almost whisper.
       Occasionally you see his face out of the corner of your
       eye and the desire to throw your arms around him is so
       great it is almost overwhelming.
               "Now little puss, you have failed another time.
       You are to be, at all times, aware of your Master's
       needs and desires, and here I stand with a cock that is
       rock hard and in need of satisfying and you have made
       no attempt to correct this problem for your Master."
               Immediately you drop to your knees and begin to
       tongue the shaft of your Master's cock.  Slowly, gently
       you swirl your tongue around the shaft, reaching the
       head, you flick your tongue lightly over it.  Your
       Master now reaches down and pulls your head back
       gently, you understand the action and open your mouth
       wide to accept him inside.  He moves slowly in and out
       of your mouth, your tongue moving around and around the
       shaft of his hard cock as he does.  His speed increases
       and your tongue increases with him, until finally you
       feel the spasm of his cock in your mouth, he presses it
       deep into your throat.  You swallow hard and fast to
       take all of his creamy juices and you feel his cock
       spasm again and more washes down your throat.  Before
       withdrawing from your mouth, he has spent his cum at
       least three times into your opened throat.  As he
       withdraws his limp member from you, your tongue goes to
       work again to ensure it is free of cum.
               As if this had no effect on him whatsoever, your
       Master goes and retrieves his robe from the hook.  You
       have returned to standing position and await his
       instructions.
               "Little puss, as part of your punishment, you
       shall stand in the corner, hands down to your sides,
       upstairs in the library, while I conduct business with
       some associates.  You shall stand there nude, with your
       well spanked, red bottom facing out to the room, so all
       will know you behaved badly and that your Master was
       not remiss in delivering the proper correction.  Now
       upstairs little puss, quickly."
               You quickly move through the playroom to the door,
       opening it, you step aside to let your Master exit then
       quickly move behind him up the stairs.  You can already
       feel the embarrassment of your position.  Your nude
       body being exposed to strangers.  Your Master telling
       them of your behavior and perhaps even what you did
       that was so wrong which warranted the spanking.  You
       can feel your pussy throbbing with excitement, and your
       clit reacting again with anticipation of what is come.
       A full completion of punishment.  First the soundness
       of the spanking, unyielding, despite your cries, your
       orgasm, and moans then the humiliation and
       embarrassment of exposing your behavior and punishment
       of such to others.  Up until two days ago you would not
       have dreamed all your secret fantasies would be
       fulfilled.  But they so needed fulfilling.  Like a
       woman out on the desert without water for several days,
       the thirst for your fantasies to be filled was finally
       being quenched.




                        Seductive Master, The - 07

               As you stand, before your Master, reviewing the
       events of the last few days, your body reacts to the
       thrilling pleasures it has experienced from the hand of
       your well experienced Master and Mistress.  You reflect
       now on the time spent in the library, your crimson
       colored ass exposed to all who enter the room.  You
       sink into deeper thought to recall every detail of the
       event.
               Your Master leaves you to your Mistress's hand,
       while he dresses in preparation of his meeting.  Your
       Mistress takes you and leads you down the hall to the
       library.  Once inside, she leads you to a corner
       opposite the door.  You suddenly realize the first
       thing anyone who enters will see is your reddened
       bottom.  You flush with redness from your
       embarrassment.
               "Stand in this corner slave.  Hands at your side.
       Do not turn around unless ordered by your Master.  Do
       not move, regardless of what may happen, unless given
       permission from your Master.  And above all, do not
       speak, unless specifically asked a question by your
       Master.  Do you understand slave?"
               "Yes Mistress." you answer, and a sudden slap
       comes firmly down on your redden buttocks.
               "You were told not to speak unless your Master
       asks you a question.  Now remember that slave."
               You wait, with face pressed into the corner.  Your
       pussy still not having relief from the near orgasm your
       Master brought you to, is now releasing its juices and
       they are running down the inside of your slightly
       spread legs.  You hear the door open behind you, then
       close, and your heart pounds in your head, as you feel
       the rush of blood come to your face.  You do not know
       who has entered the room.  It could be your Master.
       But then again, it could be a guest of his.  You remain
       standing with your face pressed forward to the corner.
       You are longing to sneak a peek at who is in the room,
       but you dare not, in fear of the reprisal for such an
       action.
               Again the door opens and closes.  You hear someone
       move across the room and sit behind you.  This same
       action is repeated five more times before your Master
       enters the room and speaks.
               "Good afternoon all.  Are we ready to begin?"
               "Yes," you hear another man's voice,"but first
       Nathaniel, could you explain about this lovely miss in
       the corner?"
               "I should be happy to Tom", your Master says.
       "This is my newest little puss slave.  She failed to
       behave properly this morning.  As you can see from her
       reddened buttocks, she was swiftly punished for her
       behavior and ordered to the corner to the display
       herself."
               "May I ask," you are mortified now for the voice
       you hear is that of a woman, "what she did Nathaniel to
       warrant a sound spanking?"
               "Of course," your Master says, much to your
       embarrassment, "my dear Grace.  This little puss
       continues to touch herself.  A feeble attempt to bring
       herself satisfaction, she moves her fingers to her
       dripping pussy and tries to bring herself to orgasm.  I
       say feeble, dear Grace, for we all know, only a Master
       or Mistress can give total satisfaction to a puss."
               You knew it would come to this.  You knew, deep
       within yourself, that your Master would explain the
       reason for you punishment.  You wanted to find a rock
       to crawl under you felt such indignity now.  Your body
       trembles at the thought of all these unknown, faceless
       people looking at your redden ass and your juices
       running down the inside of your opened legs.  This is
       worse than any whipping or spanking.  This is a
       humiliation you shall not forget.  Yet the excitement
       of it all is racing through your body and courses
       through your veins.  You can feel your heart beating
       faster and faster and your pussy juice flowing harder
       than before.
               "May I examine her thrashed buttocks Nathaniel?",
       you recognize the voice as that of Grace.  You pray
       your Master will say no.  You hope your body is only
       for the touch of your Master and Mistress.  You heart
       sinks when you hear him speak, saying "of course you
       may dear Grace, as may you all."  You wanted to run, as
       fast as you can, to get away from this demoralizing
       action about to take place.  But alas, you know you
       will not run.  You know, somewhere deep within you,
       this is the treatment you have craved and longed for.
       Suddenly you feel a hand touch your tender ass.  You
       wrench upward slightly when it does.  The hand moves
       firmly over you ass and down between your ass cheeks.
       You can tell from the touch it is a woman's hand, and
       assume it belongs to the one called Grace.  Her fingers
       move over your anus and play teasingly at the ring.
       You jerk again, for the area is tender from the dildo
       it experienced this morning.  She moves her fingers
       deeper down your slit till they rest upon your opened
       hole of your pussy.  The lips of which are opened wide
       because of your spread legs.  She slowly thrusts her
       fingers into your opening then pulls them out again.
       She repeats the action several times and you can feel
       yourself becoming more and more excited.  Your stomach
       muscles ripple with the excitement and you are burning
       deep within your womb to be satisfied.  Your desire to
       reach for your pussy is so strong, yet your resist,
       still feeling the harshness of the spanking you
       received not more than twenty minutes ago.  Her fingers
       move in and out of you faster now, until you feel you
       are on the edge of an explosive orgasm.  Yet, as you
       reach the pinnacle of pleasure she withdraws her
       fingers and leaves you stand in total discontentment.
               One by one the faceless people of the room touch
       you in various areas of your body.  Each bringing you
       closely to orgasm, each leaving you as you react and
       reach the edge.  One man slaps lightly at your still
       burning ass, as his fingers slide in front of you and
       rubs your clit.  You don't think you can stand it any
       longer, you are thrusting your hips forward now, ever
       so slightly, for you are restraining them as much as
       you can because you were told not to move.  As you
       reach the height of your near explosive orgasm, the
       stimulation is stopped again, leaving you in such
       frustration that tears flow down your cheeks.
               You can hear laughter when the fingers are pulled
       from you.  Someone, a male voice says, 'She is a hot
       puss isn't she Nathaniel.'  More of a statement of fact
       rather than a question.  They leave you in your now
       very uncomfortable position and begin to attend to the
       business they had come to discuss.  The meeting goes on
       for nearly an hour and half and as each faceless person
       leaves the room, they walk first to you and lightly
       spank at your bottom once then walk out.  Silence
       settles round you now, and you can not even hear your
       Master in the room.  Suddenly you hear a chair roll on
       a plastic sheeting, the type that covers the floor to
       protect the carpeting.
               "Well little puss," you hear your Master's say, as
       he reaches out and touches your shoulder. "You may turn
       around now."  You do so quickly. "You were very good
       little puss, taking your punishment so bravely.  Come
       to your Master's arms and be held."  You need no
       further encouragement, and all but fall into his opened
       arms and rest your head to his suited chest.   He holds
       you tenderly for a very long time in silence.  His
       hands rubbing, caressing your body tenderly.  You feel
       the warmth of his touch and the firmness of his body
       pressed to yours and the sensation of being wrapped
       within a cocoon, safe, warm, protected envelopes you as
       you burrow your head even more into him.  His lips
       brush your head, then his fingers find your chin and
       brings your face to his.  He gently, tenderly kisses
       you, his tongue slowly moving into your mouth.  His
       kiss lingers, his tongue teasing yours, for a long
       time, then he forces his tongue deep within your mouth
       and holds you firmly to him.  You want this man, this
       Master, with every fiber of your being.  But all too
       soon he pulls back from you and orders you upstairs to
       the bedroom you used last night.
               Once upstairs to the bedroom, you walk inside to
       find your Mistress waiting.
               "Slave, standing position." She orders, and you
       immediately assume the position.  "Slave you will
       shower, wash your hair, and shave your legs and
       underarm, put on a scant amount of makeup and dry your
       hair.  Of course you may touch yourself, but you may
       not masturbate.  You shall then return to the bedroom
       and we will prepare you for this evening.  You have one
       hour slave to do these things.  You may also relieve
       yourself if you desire and a cold glass of iced tea is
       waiting you in the bath."  She turns and walks out,
       leaving you, for the first time today, totally alone
       for one full hour.
               You do all you have been instructed and when you
       hear the door open to the bedroom you are just
       finishing the light touch of color to your lips.  You
       have stood before the mirror and examined your flaming
       red ass cheeks.  They still hurt when you sit down, you
       quickly found out when you went to sit down before the
       mirror to dry your hair.
               "Kneeling position slave," you hear your Mistress
       call out to you from the adjoining bedroom.  You
       quickly move into the room and kneel, with your legs
       spread wide, your hands behind your head and you head
       bowed slightly.
               "Very good slave.  You are learning quickly.
       Though you have much to learn.  Tonight slave, you
       shall have dinner with your Master and I.  Joining us
       will be a few guests.  You shall, however, wear nothing
       and you will be seated on your honorable throne."
               Your mind rushes with the indignity of such a
       thing.  Again being displayed before strangers, your
       nudity open to their eyes and your pussy spread wide
       open while sitting on a dildo stuck into your anus.
               "I shall prepare you here slave, placing K-Y jelly
       on your delicate anal hole.  Then you shall walk
       downstairs to the dining room, where your Master will
       be waiting with guests and you shall, at his or my
       instruction go directly to your throne and be seated.
       If you hesitate or need help in pressing the small
       dildo into your ass or in any way embarrass your Master
       or I you shall be taken over his or my knee and paddled
       right then and there.  You will then receive not less
       than ten spanks from each person in the room for your
       bad behavior and embarrassment caused them.  Now slave,
       you will rise, get into bed and rest before this
       evening's entertainment."
               Without a word you do as instructed.  Your bottom
       touches the bed and you are painfully reminded of
       punishment for disobedience.  You roll on to your side
       and sleep conquers you quickly, albeit the thoughts
       dashing through your mind.




                        Seductive Master, The - 08

               Three hours has past and your Mistress comes in to
       awaken you.  You feel well rested, yet when you start
       to rise you can feel the painful reminder still on your
       pinkish bottom.
               "You may use the bathroom slave," your Mistress
       states.  "Then down the hall to the examination room
       for your enema."  You heart sinks, not again you think.
       But you know better than to protest and obey in
       silence.
               "On the table, feet in the stirrups slave." Your
       Mistress orders and you again obey in silence.  Your
       hands reach above your head after positioning your legs
       in the wide spread stirrups.  Your Mistress then straps
       your ankles, and legs just above the knees to the
       stirrups, then attaches the straps to your hands above
       your head.  You have not quite become accustomed to
       being totally exposed in this manner to another woman,
       and it causes you a great deal of embarrassment.
               Your Mistress takes an enema bag and fills it with
       warm water, after inserting the tube into your rather
       sore anus, slowly she releases the water into you.  She
       repeats this three more times, until you feel as though
       your stomach will burst from the pressure caused by the
       water in your bowel.  When your Mistress has completed
       flushing you with water, she places a well lubricated
       butt plug into your anus and leaves the room without a
       word.  She is gone for what seems like an hour to you,
       yet it is actually only about ten minutes.  The
       pressure is so great within you now that you can hardly
       wait until she returns and releases you.
               Finally the door opens and your Mistress enters.
       She removes the straps holding you and helps you into
       the bath and has you sit and removes the butt plug.
       You relieve yourself, dispensing the water for what
       seems like five minutes.  When you are finished, you
       expect to be told to take a shower, but instead your
       Mistress orders you back to the examination table and
       to take your same position.
               Once there your Mistress again refastens the
       leather straps to your legs, ankles and wrists.  She
       goes back and gets the enema bag once again, inserts
       the tubing into your opened anus and begins releasing
       more warm water into you.  You wish to protest this
       second washing, but knew what will happen if you do, so
       you keep quiet.
               After one bag, your Mistress stops and removes the
       tube and inserts a butt plug again.  Slowly her fingers
       move up your slit to your wide opened vagina and moves
       her fingers lightly over the opening.  You are somewhat
       surprised, because you now, for the first time, can
       feel you are very moist.  You are not wet really, but
       very nearly so.  She moves her fingers to your now
       swelling clit and slowly teases it, rubbing slowly and
       firmly.  You begin to arch your hips upward in response
       to your Mistress's fingers.  She does not thwart your
       motion, but instead increases the speed of her fingers.
       The sensation of your excitement is a new one for you,
       with the water locked within your bowel and causing a
       pressure from behind.  As you reach higher and higher
       in your excitement, a moan escapes your lips, then
       another and another.  Finally you are reaching the
       climax point and an orgasm is about to explode within
       you.  Your Mistress pulls her fingers from you and
       leaves you in this most frustrating condition.  She
       walks along the side of the table and moves her fingers
       slowly up your wanting body until they settle on your
       extended nipples.  Slowly, softly she moves her fingers
       over the very tips of each nipple and continues this
       action as you continue to lift your hips upward and the
       moaning comes from you move frequently and louder now.
       Suddenly your Mistress pinches each nipple very hard
       and you explode with an extremely strong orgasm.  She
       strokes your breasts slowly again, softly until the
       depressed nipples seem to come back to life and become
       hard and erect again.  Your pussy twitching in
       excitement to the further stimulation.  Your Mistress
       moves her fingers back to your clit and begins teasing
       it again, just as you are about to explode with another
       orgasm your Mistress pulls her fingers from you and
       stand watching you in your frustration.  Your hips
       thrashing about and arching upward for satisifaction.
               "Please Mistress, please," you whisper quietly.
               "You were not told to speak slave!" She retorts
       sternly.
               She then releases you from your bonds and helps
       you up and walks you to the bathroom again.  Once
       seated she removes the butt plug and allows you to
       relieve yourself once more.  When finished, she pulls
       you up, orders you into the shower, turns it on and the
       cold water strikes your body harshly.  Though the cold
       water does relieve your sexual excitement.  Once she
       has soaped your entire body she rinses you off and
       orders you from the shower.
               She takes a large towel and slowly pats your skin
       until dry.  The action is so sensuous that it begins to
       excite you again.  She orders you back to the table and
       into position, you quickly follow her instructions.
               Once spread wide on the table with feet in the
       stirrups again, your Mistress restrains you once again.
       She then takes a bottle of oil from the counter and
       walks to the end of the table.  Slowly she begins
       massaging the oil into your open pussy, across your
       clit and over your anus.  This further excites you, but
       you are sure you will not be satisfied so you attempt
       not to react.  She moves to your breasts and places oil
       on her fingers and gently massages the nipples of each
       breasts.  They stand out, glistening in the light with
       the oil rubbed into them.
               Your Mistress goes back to the counter and picks
       up a tube of K-Y Jelly.  Your hopes dashed now for some
       release to your sexually frustrated state, for you know
       she is preparing your the upcoming events of the
       evening.  She moves back to your spread open legs and
       squeezes some K-Y jelly on her fingers then slowly
       begins spreading it around your small, pink, puckered
       hole.  She removes her hand and places more K-Y on her
       fingers then moves back to your opening and presses her
       fingers deep within you.  Having completed this, she
       unhooks your restraints and orders you back to the
       bedroom.  You immediately move down the hall to the
       bedroom.
                       "Go into the bathroom slave and comb your
       hair and touch up your make-up.  It is almost time for
       you to join your Master and his guests."  You do as you
       are told, dreading the events before you.  When
       finished, your Mistress takes you by the hand, secures
       both hands behind you and leads you downstairs to the
       formal dining room.
               Once inside, the guests all turn to look at you as
       you enter.  You become red faced with shame and
       humiliation from the stares you are now receiving.  You
       wish you could withdraw and hide, even back to the
       examination room, just anyplace to hide.  Then you see,
       next to your Master's chair, your chair with the throne
       dildo extended through it.
               "Come little pus, you will sit in your place of
       honor.", your Master says.  You slowly walk down,
       passing the guests, to your Master's side.  Your
       Mistress aids you in sitting on the well lubricated
       dildo.  Your legs are strapped to the legs of the chair
       and a strap is placed over your thighs to hold your
       bottom securely to the seat of the chair with the dildo
       pushed into your ass.  You want to hide you are so
       embarrassed, for all the guests have watched your
       Mistress help you seat yourself on this butt intruder.
       You can feel your face flush with color and have
       dropped your head to hide your eyes, trying to avoid
       the eyes of the guests.
               "This, ladies and gentlemen, is my newest slave.
       She has a virgin ass and must sit on this device in an
       attempt to spread her sphincter muscles so she might
       accommodate me."  You drop your head even further down
       now.  The dildo pressing into you is very
       uncomfortable, as is the hard seat your well spanked
       bottom touches.
               "You will be permitted, my guests, to touch this
       little puss tonight, but first, let us enjoy our meal.
       You, little puss, will be permitted to eat and feed
       yourself, however if your table manners are not
       exquisite you will be rebound and forced fed, is this
       clear?"
               "Yes Master," your lips some how quiver out the
       words.  You want to cry, you are so embarrassed.  You
       look about the room and note that there are three men
       and three ladies who are now seating themselves at the
       table.  They all continue to look at you, examining
       your nude body.  You wonder how many desire to laugh
       openly at your predicament of being strapped onto a
       hard, plastic cock forced up your ass.  You wish you
       could crawl under the table, but know you can not, and
       try to bear the degradation of your situation.
               Some how, despite your Master's fingers probing
       your well moistened pussy periodically through dinner,
       you manage to make it through this ordeal without error
       or incident.  Dinner takes well over two hours and now
       everyone is leisurely sipping at an after dinner drink.
       You however, sit quietly, for you are not permitted any
       alcohol.  Finally your Master says, "I think it time to
       adjourn for this evening's entertainment."  He reaches
       over to the straps covering your thighs and releases
       it, then the two secured to your ankles and orders you
       to stand.  You slowly push yourself upward and off your
       dildo, your anus is sore now, but much to your excited
       body you can see the wet spot on the chair left by your
       dripping pussy juices.
               "You have left a wet spot slave.", your Master
       announces loudly.  You turn bright red from the
       disgrace you now feel.  "Clean it slave!," your Master
       orders sternly, and after some dealay says, "with your
       tongue."  You are now truly mortified and wish you
       could crawl under the chair more than anything.  All
       the eyes in the room are watching you, and all are
       gleaming with a slight smirk on their faces.  You kneel
       down to the seat of the chair and carefully begin
       licking your own juices from it.  You continue licking
       until your Master says, "You may stop slave.  Now down
       to the playroom!"
               The playroom? You question within yourself.  Then
       it hits you like a ton of bricks, YOU ARE THE
       ENTERTAINMENT OF THE EVENING.  Now you are truly
       embarrassed.  You want to plead with your Master, beg
       him to do anything to you but this, but you hold your
       tongue and slowly, cautiously walk down to the
       playroom, with all the guests and your Master following
       behind you.
               "Kneeling position slave," your Master orders.
       You move to the center of the playroom and kneel, with
       hands firmly behind your head.  Your body is trembling
       now, as if chilled, but is not cold that makes you
       tremble.  All the guests begin slowly removing their
       clothing and when stripped down to only their
       underwear, circle around your kneeling body.  They part
       enough in front of you for your Master to stand
       directly before you.
               "Tonight slave, you shall entertain my guests in
       whatever manner they desire, as long as it meets with
       my approval.  I only request," he continues in a softer
       manner now when addressing the guests, "that you do not
       penetrate her anus with anything other than your
       fingers.  She has been given two thorough enemas and is
       clean.  How would you like to proceed ladies and
       gentlemen on this little cunt?"
               You are so humiliated.  You want to slump forward
       and hide your face to the floor, but somehow you
       maintain the position of kneeling.  You hear someone
       suggest that they start with a firm thrashing then
       continue after that.  Your Master says, "I agree. As I
       understand it, this little cunt spoke when not
       permitted to beg to be brought to orgasm earlier this
       evening.  I think a good thrashing is in order."
               Someone grabs your left arm and pulls it down and
       holds it in front of you, then does the same with your
       right arm.  Someone else straps leather cuffs to your
       wrists and secures your wrists tightly together.  A
       thumb and finger go to your nose and pinch it tightly
       closed and you quickly open your mouth to breathe, when
       you do so a soft rubber ball is pressed firmly into
       your mouth then strapped behind you head.  Next you are
       pulled up from your knees to your feet from behind and
       pushed toward the padded horse.  You are afraid of what
       is going to be  done to you, yet your pussy is dripping
       its juices down to the inside of your legs now.  You
       are strapped firmly over the horse, your legs spread
       wide and leather straps placed around your ankles then
       hooked to the legs of the horse.  From the other two
       legs, light weighted chains are stretched to your wrist
       and secured to the hooks on the leather cuffs.
               "One more thing," you hear your Master say, "you
       may not mark her in any way which might yield a
       permanent scar or disfigurement."  You feel some relief
       now from the ordeal you are about to be put through.
       "Now," your Master continues, "how severe a punishment
       must be agreed upon before we begin.  The cunt was a
       very defiant slave today and her punishment must be
       firm but not over-bearing."  You can hear the
       discussion now between all of them regarding the number
       of swats you should receive by the various instruments
       of discipline.  Finally your Master says, "Then it is
       agreed, each shall administer fifteen spanks with their
       chosen instrument."
               You brace yourself for the first series of spanks.
       It is a man who is the first to start and he has chosen
       a rather light weight, leather covered paddle.  He
       begins.  The pain is not severe but firm.  You are
       excited by this spanking and rising to an orgasm by it.
       The next person, a woman, has chosen a leather strap.
       You think to yourself, it figures, women are extremely
       harsh when given the opportunity to punish one of their
       same sex.  They seem to possess more ruthlessness than
       any man in this situation.  The strap smacks smartly on
       your upturned ass and you wiggle and squirm from the
       sting it leaves.  Before you can even compose yourself
       from the first slap the second is given, then the third
       and so on.  Quickly the woman is finished and next
       another man stands behind you.  Each, as they come in
       turn, are taking the instrument of their choice and
       showing it to you.  Tears are in your eyes now, after
       the uncharitable spanks of the woman, and you try to
       see through the tears.  This man holds a thick, wooden
       paddle.  The blows hit your burning ass quickly and it
       is over before you even realize it.  Each taking their
       turn at your flaming red buttocks now, each stroke
       against your ass causing more and more excitement, and
       more and more tears.  The line between pain and
       pleasure still not drawn for you and you explode with
       orgasm as the last of the guests spank you.
               Your Master walks to you next.  He holds in front
       of your eyes his opened hand.  You feel some relief,
       but not a lot, for you remember all too well the sting
       of his hand from earlier today.  He begins, firmly, but
       not severely, and as his hand slaps, before pulling it
       back he rubs and squeezes your throbbing cheeks, it is
       a sensuous move on his part and yet thrusts the pain of
       the spankings administered earlier all through your
       body.  By the time he has reached the agreed fifteen,
       your body is quivering in excitement again, and before
       satisfaction can be gained by your begging pussy it is
       over.
               You are finally released from your position, not
       given the opportunity to climax as was given to you
       last night.  You are pulled to a chair in the center of
       the room and one of the women abruptly thrusts you hard
       into the chair.  The scream, unlike the others you have
       released through your gagged mouth thus far, is quite
       audible and long lasting.
               You legs are spread wide and secured firmly, one
       to one leg of the chair and one to the other leg.  The
       chair is exceptionally wide and thus spreads you open
       wide.  Your hands are then secured to the arms, first
       at the wrists then at the forearm.  Another strap is
       slid under your breasts and your back is pressed firmly
       to the back of the chair.
               The pressure to your seething buttocks is suddenly
       eased.  You can feel the bottom of the chair is now
       open, as if on hinges, giving access to your burning
       ass again.  The tears continue to stream down your
       cheeks.
               A maid slave enters the playroom carrying a tray
       of drinks for the guests and the Master.  You recognize
       her as a maid from the scant uniform she wears.  Her
       uniform consists of leather cuffs with lace surrounding
       them, a leather collar around her neck, also with lace
       on it, and a black and white leather strap around her
       waist.  She serves the drinks then leaves promptly,
       almost hurriedly as if in fear that she might be taken
       for the evenings entertainment as well.  Now, the
       guests and your Master completely ignore you.  They
       drink their drinks slowly and engage in small talk.
       You are regaining some self-control now over your
       whimpering and yet your pussy is dripping with your
       juices from the excitement of the activities.
               Having finished their drinks their attentions now
       turn back to you.  You are frightened for you do not
       know what is happen next, and yet that fear adds to
       your excitement.  One of the women reaches over the
       back of the chair and begins to circle her long nailed
       fingers around your nipples, they become firm and
       extended almost immediately.  A blindfold is pressed
       over your eyes now and the sensation of not being able
       to see what happens next is escalating the pleasure
       being given your nipples.  Fingers probe your pussy
       now, finding your clit and begin to laboriously stroke
       the firm, erect tip of it.  You can feel your pleasure
       being increased more and more, pulling you to a higher
       level than you have experienced yet.  Just as you are
       about to cum the hands are withdrawn from your
       disheartened body and you are left searing with desire.
       You wiggle as much as possible, almost involuntarily,
       trying to find satisfaction, but it is not to be found.
       You settle down slightly and listen carefully now, but
       hear nothing.  You do not know if you are alone or if
       the guests and Your Master are still there with you,
       watching your torture.
               Finally after a long period of time, which you
       have trouble gauging because of the blindfold and
       silence, someone touches your nipples again.  You
       twitch at the touch.  It is soft and gentle on your
       still firm nipples.  Another finger finds your clit
       again and begins to rub it back and forth and up and
       down.  Something presses, from beneath the chair, to
       your flooding pussy and is then pushed deep into you.
       You pull your hips forward slightly, restrained by the
       strap surrounding your chest below your breast line.
       It is pushed in and out of your hot pussy, slowly at
       first then faster.  You are teased again to the height
       of orgasm and again, just as relief is about to come,
       all the action stops.
               You are left alone again, in your total, all
       consuming frustration, as a loud moan escapes your
       gagged mouth.  You are wiggling your hips about now
       more rapidly than before in an attempt to quench your
       pussy's thirst, but to no avail.
                Again and again this is done to you, until your
       pussy is all but screaming to be filled and fucked hard
       and fast.  You are finally released from the bonds and
       taken, still blindfolded, to the table and lifted up
       and laid down on your back.  Your burning ass cheeks
       touch the table top and you quiver more, and your
       overly excited body responds by breaking out into a
       cold chill covering you from head to foot.  Your legs
       are spread wide and cuffed to the table, as are your
       arms.  Fingers reach for your overstimulated nipples
       and begins to pinch them lightly.  You feel someone
       pressing in between your legs and a cock is suddenly
       thrust into your face by the man straddling your chest
       above your breasts.  Fingers find the strap at the back
       of your head and you hear your Master for the first
       time in a long time say softly, "No noise slave, not a
       sound.  Use your mouth for what it does best."  And the
       rubber ball is removed completely from your mouth and
       quickly replaced with a firm cock.  As you begin to
       circle your tongue around the shaft of the cock, the
       person pinching your nipples increases the pressure of
       the pinch and you moan through the cock in your mouth.
       Suddenly you feel a tongue licking at your hardened,
       over excited clit and it begins to suck and lick then
       nibble on the head.  You thrust your hips higher now
       into the air and soon the cock explodes in your mouth
       at the same time you explode with a shuddering orgasm,
       stronger than anything you had experienced before.
       Your entire body wrenches with the release of the
       orgasm and each muscle shudders from its over
       stimulated condition.
               The cock in your mouth is now replaced by another
       cock and you again begin to lick the shaft and head.
       Another tongue finds your still harden clit and begins
       sucking, licking and nibbling on it.  The pressure to
       your nipples is back to a soft, gentle caress.  As the
       cock begins to swell in your mouth and you are reaching
       upward with your hips the pinching to your nipples
       increases and soon you feel the cock explode deep
       within your throat, swallowing quickly you take as much
       cum as you can and then explode from the stimulation of
       your pussy.  Your body shakes even more violently with
       this orgasm as you are brought higher and higher to
       pleasure.
               After another cock in your mouth and another mind
       shattering orgasm you are allowed to rest.  Finally you
       feel the head of a cock at the opening of your over
       lubricated pussy and a hot pussy pressed to your lips.
       Fingers are stimulating your nipples again, as the cock
       begins to slowly move in and out of you.  You begin to
       lick the hot, wet pussy and find the clit of the woman
       straddling you and work it back and forth and around.
       Just as you are about ready to cum you thrust your
       blindfolded head upward and bite lightly the clit of
       the woman.  Her pussy explodes in your mouth as you
       lick and swallow her juices.  Again this is repeated
       until all three ladies have been satisfied.  You have
       had no less than nine orgasms since this began and yet
       the cock within you has not released its cum.  The
       rhythm of it continues inside you then a hand reaches
       for your clit and rubs it firmly.  The speed of the
       cock is now thrusting in and out of you hard and fast.
               "What do you want slave?"
               "Fuck me Master, fuck me hard and fast, please
       Master fuck me hard and fast."
               A moan, almost scream finds your throat and you
       explode at the same time as the cock spasms within you.
       Again and again it spasms, shooting its cum deep within
       you, and each time you cum.
               Finally the cock is withdrawn.  There is silence
       in the room again.  You can smell the odor of sex,  co-
       mingled with it is the smell of freshly lit cigarettes.
       You lay there exhausted, sore, and yet satisfied.
               After a long silence, you hear someone move close
       to the table, then feel fingers touching your cheek
       softly.  "You did well little puss," you hear your
       Master say quietly.  "I shall see our guests out and
       will return to you soon."  Then he leans down and
       kisses you tenderly on the mouth, pressing his lips
       firmly to yours.  You can feel a warmth rush through
       you again from his touch and voice and you once more
       become excited, despite your exhausted state.
               You Master leaves the table side, you feel him
       move away from you.  You can not hear him move around
       the room but within a few moments a hand is at your
       pussy again and a dildo is inserted.  Then an over
       stuffed pillow is pressed under you hips and raises
       your buttocks off the table as it is slid more toward
       the top of your hips.  Next a small dildo is inserted
       in your anus.  You wiggle at the sensation when they
       are both turned on at a very low setting.
               "I shall be back soon little puss," your Master
       says, as he walks away from the table and you hear the
       door of the playroom opening and then close.
               Silence, except for the hum of the vibrators
       inside you, now fills the room. And before your
       Master's return you are brought to orgasm again and
       again by the ever present hard fake cocks pressed in
       your openings.
               When your Master returns he removes the vibrators
       slowly, and you can hear them being shut off.  He
       unties your feet, then your hands, then removes the
       blindfold from your tear stained face.
               He helps you to sit up and then brings a glass of
       cool water to your lips and aids you in the drinking.
       When you have finished the full glass he helps you off
       the table with his firm, muscular arms and then holds
       you closely to his nude body.  He says nothing, but
       merely holds you in his protected grasp for several
       minutes.
               "Ok little puss, upstairs, fourth bedroom on the
       left," he commands and you quickly move through the
       door of playroom and up the stairs, then the second
       flight and to the bedroom.  Your Master is close behind
       you.
               When you are at the door of the fourth bedroom,
       the rush of fatigue covers your body like a wave from
       the ocean and you all but fall to your knees.  Your
       Master reaches down and grasps your arm and helps you
       into the room.  You quickly survey the room you have
       just entered and can see from the luxuries of its
       apportionments that it must be your Master's suite.
               He leads, all but carrying you, to the bed and
       gently lays you down.  You immediately spread your legs
       wide for him, for you can see his cock is hard and firm
       again.  He smiles at your response to his need and
       mounts you slowly and tenderly.  His movements are
       tender and caressing as he rocks back and forth within
       you slowly withdrawing and then pressing his hard cock
       back into you.  Your back begins to arch as you feel
       his member grow inside you and become rock hard and
       with a delicate thrusting you both cum at the same
       time.  Your Master lays on top of you, his member still
       within you, slowly withdrawing on its own as it becomes
       totally limp and you both fall asleep in this fashion.




                        Seductive Master, The - 09

               When you wake, your Master is still sleeping, but
       now lays next to you.  You study his firm, muscular
       body.  His face shows great strength.  His dark brown
       hair is messed up a bit but otherwise lays perfectly at
       all times.  He is ruggedly handsome, not a pretty boy
       type.  His eyes, the most captivating of any you have
       seen, are without doubt the most attractive feature.
       Though his nose is a perfect shape and his chin is firm
       and distinct.  You gaze further down his body to his
       uncovered chest and watch him breath, his chest raising
       and lowing in a perfect rhythm.  You look further down
       his body and note his cock is erect and firm.  You move
       to his cock and begin to slowly encircle it with your
       tongue.  No words are said, but he gently rubs his hand
       over your hair, as if petting a puppy.  You continue to
       circle his firm organ with your tongue, making the
       licks longer and more sensuous than before.  As his
       cock becomes firmer still, he raises up on one elbow
       and smiles sweetly at you.  Before you realize what he
       is doing, your Master rolls you over on your back and
       enters your dripping pussy.  He is just as gentle as he
       was in bed last night, only his action is faster.  He
       presses into you with a fast thrust giving you great
       pleasure at the friction building between your two body
       parts.  He builds his rhythm until you are nearing
       orgasm then stops and pulls out.  Once out, he pulls
       your legs up and lays them over his shoulders, one on
       either side, then enters you again.  With one hand
       balancing his body, his other seeks your sore, bruised
       buttocks and slides his fingers in between the cheeks.
       He withdraws, slowly, pulling his fingers through your
       slit back to your filled pussy.  He rubs your clit
       firmly for a moment, driving you closer and closer to
       the edge then pulls his fingers back and slowly slides
       them between your  ass cheeks again.  Slowly they enter
       your puckered hole and he slides his finger in and out
       of you.  He establishes the rhythm of his finger and
       then in the same timing slides his hard, firm cock in
       and out of you.  As you both reach the point of climax,
       he thrusts two fingers into your puckered ass full
       length.  You scream with the pleasure of this
       experience and a second orgasm whirls through your
       body.
               He lays there on top of you for a few moments and
       then withdraws.  He leans forward and kisses your cheek
       softly then moves his mouth to yours and kisses you
       deeply.
               "Little puss, you have done very well in the last
       few days.  Today will not be so harsh for you.  I hope,
       for your benefit you have been learning the rules and
       will be prepared to recite them in the next few days.
       But to recite them is not the main concern here, but to
       know what each means and the passion behind them."
               Finally you feel the need to speak.  You are
       so filled with desire and passion for this man.
       "Master, my I speak?", you ask sheepishly.

       "Yes little puss, you may," he says tenderly.

       "Master, it is only my desire to please you and stay
       with you forever.  I have never felt so filled within
       every part of being.  My needs, both physically and
       psychologically have been fueled and stimulated more in
       these last few days than ever before in life.  I would
       never do anything, Master, to cause this pleasure to
       stop.  I will always be here to please and satisfy you,
       if you so desire."

               Your Master leans down, smiles slightly, then
       kisses you gently on the lips.  He holds you quietly in
       his arms for a very long time, saying nothing.
               "Ok, little puss, go clean yourself.  You may
       touch your body.  Your day will be spent with your
       Mistress, as I have the need to work.  Now off you go,
       and I shall join you soon."
               You rise and go into the bath and begin preparing
       for another day.  When your Master joins you he takes
       the cloth from your hands, as the two of you stand in
       the shower and he washes you thoroughly.  You want to
       stay with him there, forever, and truly do not want to
       spend the day with your Mistress.  The punishments she
       could inflict did not bother you, it was the
       sensuousness you desired, that only your Master had
       given.  You would take, you think to yourself, fifty
       punishment segments as last nights to have the day with
       him.  But it was not to be.

               Your Master finishes dressing, you stand in the
       center of the room in position watching him dress.
       Finally a knock comes to the door and your Master opens
       it.  It is your Mistress, she says nothing but stands
       looking, first at your Master then at you.  You Master
       steps aside and permits her entrance.

               "Come along slave, we have much to do this
       morning," she commands you.  You immediately follow her
       out the door, without another word or look from your
       Master.  You are slightly disheartened by this, but you
       seem to understand your station and maintain it.

               Your Mistress ushers you to the examination room.
       You know what is to come.  The dreaded enema and beyond
       that you are not certain.

               "On the table slave." You Mistress orders. "In
       position."

               You immediately move to the table and gently climb
       on to it.  Your body is sore from the previous days'
       activities.  Your buttocks are still pink and in some
       places bruised.  Your nipples are firm and sore from
       the nipple clips.  You notice even your jaw is sore
       from the tongue action you have had in the last few
       days.  More than you had ever had in the past.  You
       gingerly lay down on the examination table, place your
       feet in the stirrups and wait.  Your Mistress moves to
       the counter and retrieves a bottle of baby oil.  She
       does not restrain you but instead moves to your aching
       body and begins a gentle, sensuous oil massage.  The
       baby oil had been heated to make it warm and the
       feeling makes you relax even more.  Your thoughts drift
       back over the last few days and find yourself becoming
       excited even now.

               "On your stomach slave," your Mistress orders.
       You roll over, carefully with legs pressed together in
       between the stirrups.

               Your Mistress begins applying the warm oil to your
       back now and you feel your body relax even more.

       Finally when she has finished massaging every
       portion of your body she orders you back over on your
       back and begins the enema.  When this is completed and
       you have finished in the bathroom she tells you to get
       back on the table again.  You obey, placing your feet
       in the stirrups quickly without having to be told.
       Your Mistress then retrieves two rings from the counter
       and moves to your side.  These rings are about inch
       wide and are made of a leather with a felt lining.  She
       secures each ring around the base of your breasts then
       goes back to the counter and gets two clamps.  These
       clamps are not what you are used to, they are circular
       clamps and have pieces within the clamp that enclose
       the nipple.  As the screw is tightened the clamps
       inside tighten evenly around the nipples.  Your
       Mistress gently plays with each nipple then attaches
       the clamps to each and tightens until you moan with the
       pleasure of the pressure.

               Your Mistress now moves back to the counterand
       gets a wide leather belt and comes back and orders you
       to lift your middle up a bit and she slides the belt
       underneath your back and then closes it around the
       front on your stomach.  A leather strap hangs down from
       the center of the belt and your Mistress lays this up
       between your breasts, out of the way.  She then goes
       back to the counter and gets a small but thick dildo.
       She moves back to your spread pussy and begins to
       slowly finger your clit.  Your hips begin to move
       upward in response to her fingers.  When she feels you
       are wet enough she slides the dildo into your open
       pussy.  This dildo is about three inches long but is
       about four inches thick.  It spreads your pussy open
       wide but does not enter enough of you to give you any
       satisfaction.  The strap laying between your breasts is
       now pulled down and placed over the end of the dildo to
       hold it in place.  The two ends of the strap wrap
       around your legs at the very top of your thighs rather
       than being presses through your legs and into your ass
       crack.

               You are quite excited by all of this now and can
       feel your pleasures increasing, but when you move your
       hips you find you can not receive pleasure from the
       short dildo pressed into your hot, burning pussy.
       Your Mistress now puts more oil on her fingers and
       presses them deep into your opened ass pucker and
       gently moves her fingers in and out of you until you
       are completely lubricated.  You know what purpose this
       serves and know you shall be sitting on you chair of
       honor soon.  But some how today you do not mind this
       for now you want your Master deep within you whether it
       be from the rear or the pussy, you don't care anymore.

               "Up slave," your Mistress orders.  "Downstairs for
       breakfast and on your throne.  Your little ass hole
       will be expanded more today by a large dildo."

               You get up and move downstairs as ordered.  You
       soon discover you are in a constant state of arousal
       and yet there is no means for you to satisfy these
       desires unless you touch yourself.  Your nipples are
       firm, but not harshly pinched in a constant pressure
       and your pussy is getting some friction from the dildo
       in it but not enough to cause an orgasm.  You know what
       will happen if you touch yourself but the desire it
       almost overwhelming.  Some how you manage to get to the
       throne chair and take your place without assistance.
       The dildo used today is much larger than yesterday's
       and upon initial entry there is some minor pain, but
       not enough to make you stop.

               You sit the next two and one half hours on your
       throne, the building desire of wanting to climax almost
       causes you to jerk and shudder uncontrollably now.  You
       would love to find anything that would make you cum,
       save your hands.  Just as you are tempted to reach down
       and touch yourself your Mistress returns to the room.

               "Up slave.  To the playroom, now."  You pull
       yourself off the throne and slowly walk down to the
       playroom.  Once inside your Mistress takes your hands
       and ties them together in front of you.  She then takes
       a hook and places it into the cuffs holding your hands
       and suddenly you are pulled upward from the floor, so
       you are now on tip toe.  Once this is done, your
       Mistress takes a spreader bar and places it between
       your legs, first one at your ankles then one at your
       knees, holding you open wide.  She removes the clamps
       from your nipples and then the rings from around your
       breasts and begins to slowly rub them to bring all the
       circulation back into both nipples and breasts.
       Finally she unsnaps the leather straps around your
       upper thigh and slowly withdraws the dildo from your
       hot, dripping pussy, unhooks the belt around your waist
       and lays it down.  She then goes to the shelving of
       toys and comes back with a ball gag.  Without being
       told, you open your mouth to accept the gag, and your
       Mistress presses it in carefully.  Her manner today is
       almost tenderness with you and you are somewhat
       surprised at this.  Next she goes back to the shelf and
       comes back with a blindfold in hand, secures it around
       your eyes.  You are now hanging blindfolded, muted,
       spread wide open and totally accessible.

               You note your hearing is almost acute now, as is
       the feelings your body is experiencing.  You are so
       excited now you want to cum and can feel the thunder of
       an orgasm course through your body.  You hear the door
       to playroom open, you don't know if your Mistress is
       leaving or someone else is coming in, but you are even
       more excited now.  Suddenly you feel a gentle caress on
       your nipples, softly they are fingered at the very tip,
       then pinched lightly, then released, then pinched
       again.  You try to move your hips back and forth but
       find you can not.  The spreader bars have been secured
       to floor at the side of you now holding all movement to
       a minimum.  While the fingers tease your firm, erect
       nipples, more fingers touch your still sore ass and
       probe the your anus.  Still more fingers begin to probe
       your pussy and rub your clit quickly, teasing the your
       pussy lips then back to your firm clit.  As you begin
       to feel the sensation of the orgasm move through your
       body all the hands are pulled from you.  You are left
       hanging there waiting, wanting more, you moan several
       times as to prompt further action and yet none comes.
       You are frustrated and your body is perspiring now.

               You are left in this condition until it begins to
       subside some then something is placed over your head
       and down around your ears.  You listen intently now
       trying to hear any noise, but hear nothing.

               With a suddenness your Master's voice is piped
       into your ears.  You now release what has been placed
       over your head is a set of headphones and your Master's
       voice is being sent through them.  You are captivated
       by his voice as he speak to you via the headphones.  He
       continues to talk to you about sexual pleasure, the
       fine line between pain and pleasure.  He tells you of
       the desires he has for you and what he would like to do
       to you to cause you all the pain and pleasure you
       desire and need.  As his voice goes on about the
       details of his intents for you the hands come back to
       your body once again.  Slowly, deliberately your
       nipples are pinched, then licked, then sucked; then
       pinched again and the process begins again.  Your
       buttocks are slapped lightly with an open hand and
       fingers enter your anus.  Your pussy is entered by
       three fingers now and your clit is teased as the
       fingers begin a slow finger fuck.  You are being
       stimulated from every part of your body and the
       sensation is magnified by your blindfold and your
       Master's voice.  Suddenly your body jerks with the
       orgasm, again and again, as wave after wave floods your
       body.  The action does not stop but instead increases
       in speed and another wave of orgasms progresses through
       your body until you are exhausted from the overpowering
       pleasure of them.  The headphones are removed from your
       head now and you hang there, perspiring, exhausted and
       totally satisfied.

               You hear the playroom door open again, then your
       blindfold is removed.  Slowly your Mistress releases
       you from your bonds, then helps you to the table.  You
       lay down, legs spread wide, hands behind your head.
       Your Mistress says nothing, but moves across the room
       and sits, sleep overtakes your exhausted body.




                        Seductive Master, The - 10

               "Well slave, have you finished your review of the
       past few days?"  Your Master's voice interrupts your
       thoughts now.

               "Yes Master," you respond timidly.

               "Very good," he says to you as he circles your
       standing position body.  "Then the question comes to
       mind slave, how many orgasms have you had in the these
       three days?"

               My gosh, you think to yourself, how many indeed.
       You had no idea how many.  You wondered if he knew how
       many you had experienced.  How could he, you thought,
       he wasn't even there when some of them occurred.
       Finally, after a long silence you spoke up, "Master, I
       believe I have had no less than one hundred and fifty
       in the last three days."

               Your Master did not respond to this, but merely
       began circling your body again.  He walked around you
       looking you up and down slowly.  You were becoming
       quite nervous by this action and felt certain you had
       not responded correctly.  "Very good little puss," he
       finally said, "there is truly no way for you recall all
       you have had.  Now," he continued, standing in front of
       you with his hands behind his back and his body weight
       pressing on his heels, lifting his toes up slightly off
       the carpeting, "have you learned the rules?"

               "Yes Master, I have." you respond somewhat
       proudly.  Perhaps a little too proudly.

               "Well, so you feel you know them, then recite them
       to me and tell me the meaning of each.  I shall keep
       track of what you say and you will receive five spanks
       for every one you say incorrectly.  Is this clear?"

               "Yes Master," you sheepishly respond.  You begin
       reciting the rules and telling your Master what each
       means to you.  After you have gotten through only the
       first three he stops you.

               "Well little puss, it seems you have not learned
       them yet, nor have you learned their true meaning.  We
       shall take action now to correct your failure and
       insure it does not happen again.  Assume the kneeling
       position, then place your head down on your hands and
       bring your ass up into the air."

               You quickly obey, without question.  You have come
       to learn your Master knows what is best for you.  You
       only wished he would spank you with his opened hand,
       the pleasure of his flesh to yours was so much great
       than his spanking your with a paddle or some other
       instrument.  You braced yourself for his first move.
       It came quickly and firmly, a sudden sharp slap to your
       sit spot with a riding crop.  Again and again the crop
       came down across your bare ass.  Finally your Master
       stops and asks, "How many is that slave?"

               'How many? How many?', you think to yourself.
       'How the heck would I know how many, you didn't say to
       count.'  "I do not know Master, I did not count."

               "You did not count?  Is that not one of the rules
       slave?"

               A sudden panic flashes through your thoughts, of
       course it is one of the rules.  How stupid of you.
       "Yes Master," you remorsefully answer.

               "Then we shall begin again slave, until you have
       learned to count."  Your Masters hand rises and the
       crop falls again on your buttocks firmly and harshly.
       You count as the slaps come crashing onto your bare-
       bottom.  Your count now reaches thirty and you are
       crying as would a small child, your ass is burning from
       the heat the crop has placed on it.  Your Master
       finally drops the crop to the floor, and without asking
       you the count, he kneels behind you.  Slowly he presses
       his fingers into your cunt and moves them back and
       forth into your wet, dripping hole.  Then he slowly
       slides his harden prick into your pussy from the rear
       and begins to pump in and out of you.  He pulls out
       completely now and you can feel the head of his firm,
       hard cock pressing to the opening of your ass.  With a
       suddenness he presses forward, his hips slapping
       against your burning buttocks he drives himself into
       your anus.  At first there is a slight pain but not
       unbearable.  He begins to move in and out of your anus
       and each time he thrusts back into you his hips slap
       your ass and his balls slap against your pussy.  His
       fingers find your left nipple and begin to pinch it
       ever so lightly, then firmer and firmer until the
       pinching becomes hard.  His other hand finds your clit
       and he rubs it feverishly, almost causing pain to the
       head of it.  You can feel his hard cock swelling deep
       within your bowel now, and know it will not be long
       before he explodes within you.  His thrusts become more
       frantic and forceful, so forceful he is almost pushing
       you off balance.  You can feel the sensation of the
       orgasm building within you and like branches of a tree
       the warmth floods outward from your inner most pleasure
       center.  You moan with the fulfillment covering your
       body, your Master's cream flooding your bowel now and
       you explode with orgasm at the same time.  Your bodies
       wrench again and again against each other as you both
       experience the pleasure of your first anal sex.  You
       are forced down to the floor, flat now by your Master's
       weight when he lays completely on top of your back.
       You both lay this way for a good five minutes.

               Finally your Master rises and as he does he
       quickly slaps your ass lightly and orders you up.  You
       stand and take standing position pose.  Your Master
       circles your body again, slowly then moves back to his
       desk and pushes a buzzer.  Suddenly through the door
       comes your Mistress.

               "Take her.  Insure she learns the rules and punish
       her harshly for not having done so."  Your Master
       orders.

               Without further word you are pulled by the arm out
       of the room by your Mistress.  She leads you down the
       stairs to the playroom.  Once inside she forces a ball
       gag into your mouth then orders you to the strange
       device in the corner.  This device you saw the first
       night you were here.  It has a small, for lack of
       better description, table and beneath this table is a
       place to kneel.  You are laid out over the table and
       told to kneel on the well padded board beneath the
       table.  You take this position, thus causing your
       buttocks to extend high into the air.  You can feel the
       fear well up in you and tears begin to roll down your
       cheeks.  You don't know if you are crying because of
       what is to happen or because your Master took you then
       washed you aside as if he had no pleasure in the
       taking.

               Your Mistress hooks leather straps about your
       wrists and legs, tightens them snugly.  Your legs are
       spread wide on the kneeling board and your pussy and
       ass cheeks are open.  Another strap is placed over your
       back and secures you firmly to the table.  The board
       standing next to the table and kneeling board is now
       swung on a pivot behind you.  Your Mistress position it
       and adjusts it, ensuring it is lines up perfectly with
       your exposed ass.  Once this is completed she moves to
       the controls on the side of it and adjusts them.

               "This is a spanking machine.  It will administer a
       spanking at whatever strength it is set.  Each spank
       will be the same.  It will also administer as many
       spanks as it is set to administer.  I have set it, on a
       scale of one to ten, at six and shall adjust it higher
       if this does not bring the desired results.  It will
       administer forty spanks at that same rate.  For
       disobedience, failure to learn the rules and general
       cunt behavior this will be your punishment."

               Punishment, you think, how awful.  This is so
       dehumanizing.  Not even to receive the punishment from
       your Mistress but rather from a machine.  You begin to
       weep harder now, and you have not had a single spank
       yet.  You feel totally humiliated now and realize you
       are truly going to be punished, with no thought of
       pleasure.  The feeling overwhelms you now, as you
       perceive your current position to be that of a
       misbehaved child in an attempt to teach you a lesson.
       Suddenly the paddle hits your bottom, firm, but not
       terribly hard.  The next slap is the same, just as
       promised and the one to follow is equally the same.  It
       is giving the desired result, for by the seventeenth
       slap of the paddle you are crying almost unmanageably.
       The tears easily flow down your cheeks now.  You do not
       know if it is the pain or the absolute impersonal way
       in which it is being inflicted that caused the
       uncontrolled flow of tears.  What you do know is you
       never intend doing anything which causes your Master to
       punish you in this manner again.

               Onward drones the paddle, never increasing in
       speed or intensity, never relaxing and decreasing the
       force of the blows, until all forty spanks have been
       given to your hot, fired bottom.  Finally it stops.
       You are still in tears and feel no excitement from this
       punishment.

               Your Mistress takes the straps from your legs,
       back and wrists then helps you up from your kneeling
       position.  The ball gag is slowly removed and your
       tears and racking pain find sounds to them now.  You
       cry forcefully for a short time until your cries become
       just a whimper.  Your Mistress has said nothing during
       this time, but stands by you and watches.

               "Now slave, upstairs to the main foyer.  You shall
       stand in the corner there, be on display for all that
       enter the house.  You will stand with your nose firmly
       against the corner wall so anyone who enters may see
       you were properly punished for your deplorable conduct
       by your reddened bare-bottom.  Now move, upstairs.
       After a sufficient period of time the remaining portion
       of your punishment will be administered."

               You begin to walk slowly, having some difficulty
       walking from the pain in your ass, out of the playroom
       to the stairs.  Once you get to the main foyer you go
       to the corner opposite the front door and take the
       position your Mistress has ordered.   You are still
       crying, though quietly.  As you stand there, face
       toward the corner, you hear people coming and going
       from the house.  You can feel their stares on your
       backside and your humiliation grows, and you begin
       crying again.  Two hours later your Mistress taps you
       on the shoulder and orders you upstairs to the
       examination room.  You obey without a word.

               Once in the examination room your Mistress orders
       you onto the table, face down instead of face up.  You
       are certain you shall suffer another harsh punishment
       to your already burning ass, but you timidly do as you
       are told.  Once in position, much to your surprise,
       your Mistress begins to squeeze a tube of oil on your
       burning buttocks.  She slowly, lightly strokes the
       burning area with the oil and you begin to feel some
       relief from the pain.

               Ever so gently she rubs you.  Moving her fingers
       in a soothing, tender manner over your asscheeks and
       then down your legs and back up to your back ending at
       your shoulders.  When your entire body is saturated
       with oil on the backside, your Mistress takes warm
       towels and lays them over your body, from your
       shoulders down to your ankles.  The warmth of the
       towels and the oil soaking into your skin lulls you
       into a twilight sleep stage.  In the distance of your
       mind, you hear the door open and close, then silence
       covers the room with only your breathing to be heard.

               You are awaken by a firm hand resting on your
       back.  Slowly the towels are removed.  You do not turn
       your head, for you know it does not matter who is
       touching you, for whatever your Master has ordered is
       what shall be.  The hand finishes removing the towels
       and slowly the fingers begin to massage your back.  The
       fingers are not those of your Mistress, you know this,
       for you have become very accustom to her's and can tell
       them when she touches you.  Slowly the fingers caress
       your skin from your shoulders down to your ankle and
       then back up.  You can feel the warmth increasing in
       your pussy now with the tenderness of this caress.
       Suddenly you feel lips pressed to your back, near the
       shoulder blades, and can feel the gentle, light kisses.
       You are certain it is your Master.  Finally he bends
       down and kisses your face softly and whispers, "Turn
       over little puss, put your feet in the stirrups."

               Without a word of protest you roll over and you
       find your ass cheeks are not burning any longer.  You
       slide gently down to the stirrups and place your feet
       into them.  You watch as your Master retrieves the
       enema tube from the counter and spreads K-Y jelly over
       the end.  He slowly inserts it into your anus then
       begins filling your bowel with warm water.  Gently the
       water fills you, first one bag, then another and
       finally a third.  You can feel the discomfort of the
       water pressing into you and your stomach seems to be
       puffed out from it.  Your Master inserts a small butt
       plug then assists you from the table and takes you to
       the bathroom.  As he helps you to sit, he pulls you
       close to him and kisses your mouth with a long, tender
       kiss.  Your discomfort seems to disappear now with his
       arms press gently around you.

               When you are finished, your Master leads you out
       of the examination room and down the hall to a room you
       have yet to see.  As he leads you in, you see a
       jacuzzi, workout equipment, and a small pool.  He leads
       you, without a word to the jacuzzi and helps you into
       it.  "Sit little puss," he says quietly and softly.
       You sit.  Your Master sits next to you and slowly he
       bends his head to your breasts and kisses your breasts
       tenderly.  Lingering on your nipple with his lips, then
       moving to the other breast and doing the same.  Your
       nipples are hard and erect and your can feel the surge
       of yearning throb through you body.  His lips open,
       taking one nipple into his mouth, he begins to suck and
       lick the tip.  As he works on your right nipple he
       moves his right hand down into the water and presses
       his fingers into your slit.  Slowly his fingers spread
       your pussy lips open and he slides them easily into
       you, then pulls out, finds your clit and begins to
       warmly, tenderly rub it.  He moves his head to your
       left breast and begins the same action, sucking and
       licking your nipple.  Carefully, with his fingers still
       press your clit, his lifts you upward until you are
       seated on the side of jacuzzi with only your legs still
       in the water.  He moves his head to your oozing pussy
       and begins to slowly tongue your inner lips, his finger
       never leaving  your clit.  You arch your back to meet
       his mouth and moan with the pleasure that spreads
       through your body.  Gingerly he injects his tongue into
       your now dripping pussy hole.  Methodically he moves
       his tongue in and out of you, then slides his tongue
       down your inner thigh then back up the inner thigh of
       the other leg.  Then, lifting you slightly, his tongue
       finds your puckered ass hole and presses into you
       gently, flicking at your insides.  His tongue moves
       back to your pussy, you are arching your hips upward
       more now, for his fingers still rub your clit, and you
       are nearing orgasm.  He thrusts his tongue into your
       gushing pussy now and his fingers move frantically over
       your clit, a moan is released from your inner depths as
       you explode with your juices flowing into your Master's
       mouth.  He licks quickly and continues to massage your
       swollen clit.  Finally he rises and pulls himself in
       position over you and thrusts his rock hard cock into
       your dripping pussy.  His hands reach up to find your
       breasts and he cups each then moves to your nipples and
       pinches both of them quite hard, you arch upward from
       the pleasure of this pressure to your tits.  He is
       thrusting in and out of your hot pussy, faster and
       harder now.  One hand stays on your breasts,
       alternating between the two, the other hand slides
       under your buttocks and presses in between your
       asscheeks, finds your anus and presses deeply into it.
       His finger in your ass meets the rhythm of his hard
       cock in your pussy, and you explode again with another
       deep recessed orgasm.  Your Master still has not cum.

               Gently he pulls his finger from your anus, then he
       pulls his rock hard cock from your dripping pussy.  He
       guides you over until you are face down, you pull your
       knees upward, so your ass is sticking high in the air
       and your asscheeks are open to him.  He slowly pushes
       his cock into your anus and he begins thrusting in and
       out of you.  His right hand seeks out your clit again
       and begins rubbing it hard and fast. His left hand
       finds your love canal and he presses three fingers into
       you deeply.  He establishes the rhythm of all three
       now, his fingers on your clit, with his fingers in your
       pussy, and his firm cock in your anus.  He begins to
       thrust harder and harder, faster and faster.  You
       scream when you release your juices and feel his hard
       cock spasm inside you and squirt his cum into your ass.
       Before he has finished coming he withdraws and slams
       his still firm cock into your pussy, replacing his
       fingers, and rubs your clit harder and faster.  Another
       wave of orgasm rushes through your now sweating body,
       as you moan with the pleasure of his cock squirting
       into your hot, dripping pussy.  Finally, after three or
       four spasms of his dicks spraying your insides with the
       warmth of his cream, he withdraws.  He lays down on his
       back behind you.  You immediately move to him and begin
       to clean his limp member.  Licking it up and down its
       shaft, down to his spent balls and back up to the head.
       He moans when you begin and shifts his hips upward
       slightly to press his cock deeper into your mouth. You
       accept it openly and suck and lick the shaft.  You
       continue this action for some time, no words are said,
       only the sounds of your licking and the jacuzzi can be
       heard.  His cock begins to get firm again.  He has now
       sat up on one elbow, watching you work your mouth on
       him.

               His cock hard and firm again, he pulls you by the
       hair gently up and off of him, then pulls you to his
       face.  Your eyes meet his and you become lost in the
       depth of his eyes and feel as though you are pulled
       into him.  Into his inner most being, his soul.  This
       is what you have wanted all along.  To be his,
       completely, enjoined with him.  To do all and anything
       for him.  To see his face and feel wet and hot and
       ready to cum just by his look.  He holds you before his
       face now, staring deep into your eyes, seeing, you
       know, your inner most desires, dreams and fantasies.
       He has been making them all come true.  The craving for
       him is now so great you can no longer contain yourself
       and throw yourself to his lips, pressing yours firmly
       to his.  He parts his lips and slowly pushes his tongue
       into your mouth.  He pulls you slowly up to cover his
       body and as he does you ease your pussy over his now
       hard cock.  Slowly he thrusts his hips upward, driving
       his penis deeper into you, all the time probing your
       mouth with his tongue.  His arms reach behind you and
       carefully he slaps your ass, as he thrusts into you
       again.  You move, with your knees pressed on either
       side of his body pulling yourself up then pressing
       down.  His hands slap at your ass firmer now with no
       rest between slaps.  As if warm oil were poured over
       your body from the top of your head down to your feet
       the same warmth rushes to your pussy and you explode
       with an orgasm as he releases his cum into your hot
       pussy.

               You lay, with his member still pressed inside you,
       onto his chest, his fingers gently teasing your nipples
       between your pressed bodies.  His hands move to your
       back and he gently, tenderly strokes up and down your
       back, then wraps his arms around you and holds you into
       him firmly.

               A long silence follows.  Your Master finally
       speaks softly, almost in a whisper, "Little puss, you
       have made me very happy."  He then pulls you tighter to
       his firm, muscular body.

               You lay your head firmly into his chest and
       realize for the first time what the passion is behind
       the rules of your Master.  You have felt it, but until
       now, could not put it into words.  If he were to ask
       you now, you could tell him.  You would tell him that
       the passion is to serve him, and always be ready for
       him to enter you.  You would tell him, in return he
       fulfills your deepest fantasies, desires, those things
       you have housed in your inner most recesses, telling no
       one of them.  Yet somehow he knew, he knew what you
       wanted, needed and burned within to have.  So far he
       had given you all you desired and more.  To be totally
       and completely his and submissive to him.  To be owned.




                        Seductive Master, The - 11

               The next few days of your training are spent with
       your Master exclusively.  You are fitted for a sterling
       silver collar bearing his name and are to wear it at
       all times.  Though it is not his custom to have his
       slaves live with him, he has chosen to change this
       custom with you and you alone.  You have reaped highest
       honors from him in this regard.  It is assumed you have
       brought him much pleasure or you would have been
       trained, released to live in your old apartment and
       visited your Master upon request.  You are now truly
       owned by him.  All that you do is either approved by
       him, caused by him or monitored by him.
               The morning comes and you are released from your
       bounds.  Yes, your Master binds you at night, so he
       might have his pleasure with you.  There are times when
       this does not occur but not frequently.  Your first
       duty is to clean yourself, asking permission always to
       touch the body your Master now owns.  You are to clean
       yourself inside and out each morning prior to
       breakfast.  This morning, rather than join your
       Mistress you are instructed by your Master to clean
       then meet him in the library after you have eaten
       breakfast.  You are to wear nothing, save the silver
       collar.
               You reach the library door and knock, as you have
       been instructed to do.
               "Come in slave," your Master responds.
               You enter, head down, move to the side of his desk
       and wait instructions.
               "Kneeling position, legs spread wide slave.  You
       shall sit there while I go through my day."  Are the
       orders given by your Master.
               You kneel, spread your legs as wide as possible,
       place your hands behind your back, causing your breasts
       to protrude further.  Your Master takes no notice of
       you, and returns to his work on his desk.
               As you kneel beside your Master you come to know
       this man you have so easily learned to call Master.  He
       is a keen business investor.  He does not work at an
       office, but runs all of his business from his home.  He
       is as dominating and in control in business as with
       you, his slave.  His strength is admired, not just by
       you, but by all who come in contact with him.  He is
       decisive and knows what he wants.
               He has many slaves, both business and otherwise.
       But none had gained the honor of living in his home
       before.  They come when he calls, otherwise he
       maintains them in a life style of graceful living and
       they do as they please when not required to meet his
       demands.  You do not have this choice, nor shall you
       ever have it.  You are his and his alone, to have at
       all times, whenever the desire comes to him.  He has
       made it clear to you, he shall bind you whenever he
       desires, he shall punish you whenever he feels the
       need to do so and shall have you in whatever fashion he
       wishes.  You are his and his alone.  He will give you
       to others whether you agree or not and if you disagree
       he shall punish you for such disagreement.  All that
       you are now is what he is and wants you to be.  Your
       spirit is not broken, only taken and turned around to
       serve your Master.  Your desire is to always be open to
       him, ready for him, in any way he wishes.
               As he works, he stops on occasion and rubs your
       breasts, gently, tenderly he plays with the nipples.
       Then finally pinches each hard, causing a moan to
       escape your lips.  Your pussy is dripping and ready for
       him.  But much to your despair he returns to his work.
               As the morning grinds on, your knees hurt from
       kneeling all this time, but your Master has not said
       for you to rise.  You are displayed to all that enter
       the library, those doing business with your Master, as
       well as the servants caring for your Master's needs.
               This morning a total of four people have visited
       your Master.  Three men and one woman.  Each man
       requested the right to touch you, your Master grants
       this.  The first man to visit reaches for your nipples
       and plays with them gently, then moves his hands down
       your stomach area and finally presses his fingers into
       your shaved pussy lips.  Slowly he moves his fingers in
       and out of you, you moan with the pleasure he is
       creating, and as you do your Master demands him to
       stop.  The second man makes the same request and is
       granted access to your body.  He pinches, and pulls at
       your nipples, causing more pleasure to you, then moves
       his fingers down to your stiffen clit and rubs it back
       and forth.  Your hips begin to move back and forth to
       meet his fingers, a moan comes upward from your hot,
       dripping pussy and your Master again orders the man to
       stop.  The third man to visit your Master makes the
       same request and once again your Master grants him
       access to you.  He rubs and pulls at your nipples, then
       pinches both very hard, you moan and gasp at the
       pleasure of this pain.  His fingers travel down your
       sides and rather than entering your dripping pussy, he
       slides his hands behind you and presses two fingers
       into you anus.  He slides his other hand back to your
       pussy and thrusts two fingers deep into you.  He begins
       working his fingers in an out of your pussy and anus,
       you all but fall to the side with the pleasure, as you
       feel an orgasm reaching.  Then with a suddenness your
       Master stops the man and you are left wanting, burning
       with desire to be filled.  The woman pays little, or no
       attention to you.  She merely comments on how lovely a
       slave you are and continues with her business with your
       Master.
               Your desires are kept on the edge by your Master
       throughout the morning.  For when no visitor is present
       to touch you, he does so.  He presses his fingers into
       your dripping pussy and thrusts them in and out of you
       while his thumb rubs your clit.  Bringing you to the
       edge of orgasm then he pulls away, leaving you craving
       for fulfillment.  At one point you even beg him to
       enter you and the only response given is a look of
       total dissatisfaction for such a request.

               "Time slave, you may rise now," your Master
       states, as he reaches down to help you stand.  "You may
       use the bathroom then down to the playroom."  He
       continues as he walks out the door of the library.
               You hurry to the bathroom then quickly move down
       the stairs to the playroom.  You have no idea what is
       come now, but hope it shall end with him entering you
       and satisfying your need.  You go to the center of the
       room and assume the standing position while waiting for
       your Master.  When he does enter he has changed from
       his dress suit to a robe.
               "Kneel slave," he orders. You do so immediately.
       "Slave you begged to be satisfied this morning.  You
       are not to beg, ever.  You know your Master knows what
       is best for you at all times, or at least you are
       suppose to know this.  Since you showed this morning
       that this lesson has not been learned well we shall
       correct that now.  Before we begin however, you will
       tell me the rules of my house.  Any errors shall meet
       with punishment in addition to what is already decided.
       Now begin slave."
               Sheepishly you begin to recite the rules, only
       this time the passion and admiration and love you feel
       for your Master is behind the rules.  He does not stop
       you in your recital.  Finally, after ten minutes of
       talking you have stated the final rule, you fall silent
       and drop your head again.
               "There were only two errors slave.  You mixed up
       two of the rules, putting one before the other when in
       fact they are reversed.  This will bring punishment
       slave, but not as severe as it might have been.  Now
       stand, place your hands in front of you and prepare for
       discipline."
               You place your hands in front of you and your
       Master places leather cuffs around your wrists.  Once
       snapping them together by the hook and eye, he pulls
       your arms upward, over your head, attaches a chain from
       the ceiling to your wrist cuffs then with a pulley
       pulls you upward so you are now standing on tip toe.
               Your Master now places a spreader bar between your
       legs at the ankles, secures it tightly with leather
       cuffs then spreads it as wide as your legs will permit.
       He retrieves a soft rubber ball gag from the shelves of
       discipline items and you open your mouth wide to
       receive it.  He then takes a blindfold and places it
       over your eyes.  You are now filled with anticipation
       of what is to happen next.  You are thrilled and afraid
       all at the same time.  Your pussy is dripping even more
       now and you can feel the moisture of your juices
       running down the inside of your leg.  You can hear your
       Master moving about the room but do not know what he is
       about to do to you, if anything.  This causes you to
       have an involuntary cold chill run through you.  A
       chill from excitement as well as fear.  Apprehension is
       now your companion along with the desire to be
       fulfilled.
               Suddenly a stinging slap of leather strikes your
       left breast, hitting the tip of the nipple.  You snap
       back at the immediate shock of pain rushing through
       your body, as much as is possible considering your
       restrained position.  Again the leather strikes out and
       lands harshly on your left breast, then before you can
       recover from this another lashing hits your right
       breast.  After six more lashes strike firmly on your
       nipples it becomes silent, except for your whimpering
       through the ball gag pressed into your mouth.  You are
       perspiring now, and your juices are running down your
       leg more than ever.  You can feel the need burning deep
       within you to be taken, but that is not what is to
       happen, at least not yet.  You are left restrained for
       sometime before anything else happens.
               After about five minutes, you feel the moisture of
       a tongue to your left nipple.  Slowly it teases the
       flesh, then the mouth covers the breast and sucks at
       you, next the teeth find the tip end and gently,
       tenderly nip at the tip.  Your Master moves from one
       breast to the other, you are twisting and trying to
       rotate your hips to find satisfaction, as you begin all
       the action of your hips, Master stops and you are left,
       hanging, still not satisfied.
               Your frustration building, you are left in agony
       for another five to ten minutes.  Time is impossible to
       judge for you now.  Finally you hear something being
       rolled across the floor and placed near you.  The next
       sensation you feel is a sudden stream of air forcefully
       hitting your clit.  Your Master has taken a air hose,
       the type they use in the dentist office, and is
       applying it to your clit.  The first reaction is a
       shiver and chill to run through you, but after applying
       the rush of air to your clit several times you are
       nearly ready to jump out of your skin for the desire of
       an orgasm.  As your body wrenches and yanks against its
       restraints the air blowing on your clit is taken away.
       You are again left hanging, waiting to achieve the
       orgasm you so desperately need.
               Another few minutes pass.  Your mind is racing
       with thoughts of what your Master will do next.  You
       know what you wish he would do, you wish he would enter
       you and fuck you hard and fast.  But you know, deep
       down this will not happen, not until he is fully
       satisfied you have learned your lessons.  Suddenly a
       sharp sting hits your bare ass.  Before you recoil from
       the blow another strikes you, harder than the first.
       Then another and another.  Your Master continues
       bringing the wooden paddle down firmly on your bared
       buttocks.  Your bottom turns from creamy white to hot
       pink quickly from the forcefulness of the blows.  You
       realize this spanking is not a spanking for arousal but
       a paddling for punishment as the paddle cracks again
       against your ass.  When your bared ass turns to a rich
       red color your Master stops.  Before you realize he has
       stopped you feel a large dildo pushed forcefully into
       your open pussy and the vibration of it begins.  Your
       body spasms with orgasm almost immediately, then again
       and again you come.  You are left hanging with this
       huge dildo pushed into you, vibrating away, for at
       least fifteen minutes, bringing you from one orgasm to
       another.  Your moans of pleasure are co-mingled with
       your whimpering tones of exhaustion and pain.

               Finally your Master removes the dildo.  You are
       empty and yet feel no real satisfaction.  You all but
       pass out, tittering on the borderline of consciousness.
       After a long time, you have no idea how long, for time
       has lost all meaning now, you feel your Master untying
       the blindfold from your eyes.  You keep your eyes
       closed then blink and start becoming adjusted to the
       light once again.  Then the soft ball gag is removed
       from your mouth.  He lowers the chain now and your feet
       become firmly planted on the floor.  Slowly he pulls
       your hands down and releases them.  He then takes the
       spreader bar and releases it and removes it from your
       ankles.  He helps you move about the room a little,
       getting accustom to walking again and getting
       circulation back into your legs and body.
               He says nothing, but points to the floor, you
       immediately kneel before him, head bowed.
               "Slave, who is your Master?"
               "You sir, you are my Master."
               "Slave, who knows what is best for you?"
               "You sir, my Master."
               "Slave, have you learned not to make requests of
       your Master but to take what he knows is best for you?"
               "Yes Master," you answer timidly.  You feel like a
       small child being chastised by a parent for bad
       behavior.  Your buttocks touch your heels as you kneel
       back on your legs and you can feel the pain that was
       inflicted by the paddle.  A reminder of your lesson
       learned.
               Your Master now moves toward you.  He reaches down
       to your arms, which are placed behind your head and
       pulls you upward towards him.  He presses you into his
       body and holds you tightly with his firm, strong arms
       wrapped around you.  His robe opens slightly now and
       his cock stands erect.  He slowly presses himself to
       you and pulls you upward until you are impaled upon his
       rigid cock, your legs wrap around his waist, clinging
       to him tightly.  Slowly, with him inside you, he moves
       to the table across the room and presses you onto it.
       You let out a slight groan as your still reddish, pink
       buttocks touch the table top.  Without pulling out of
       you he is suddenly on the table over you.  Slowly he
       pumps in and out of your still wet pussy.  His fingers
       find your breasts and he begins to caress them with
       tenderness, you murmur again for you now feel the pain
       of the spanking your nipples had received.  His fingers
       are gentle and he does not pinch you but merely teases
       the flesh.  You can feel the rush of warmth careen
       through your body now.  His pumping is still slow and
       gentle.  You wish he would speed up and thrust into you
       hard and fast, but say nothing, having learned your
       most painful lesson.  His fingers slide down your body,
       gently petting your flesh.  When he reaches your hips
       he slides his fingers behind your back then moves his
       hands under your smarting buttocks.  His fingers
       tenderly kneed your fleshy mounds.  Finally a hand
       presses in between your asscheeks and moves into your
       back passage.  As his finger thrusts into you his
       movement begins to increase and he is pushing harder
       and faster into your pussy.  Your hands reach for him
       to pull him to your chest and he slowly leans more into
       you.  Now his action is a forceful thrust as he pounds
       his rigid cock in and out of you.  Within moments you
       feel it swell within you and your pussy involuntarily
       tightens around his cock to hold it within you as he
       explodes with his creamy fluid spreading inside you.
       You flow with your own orgasm when you feel his cock
       spasm again within you.  His finger pressed in your
       anus is pushing in and out of you hard and fast again,
       as you feel him cum yet another time within your walls
       of pleasure.  Wave after wave of orgasms rush through
       your body with each pump of his cock.  Finally he stops
       and withdraws his limp member from you.  You are
       satisfied for the first time today and wish you could
       start all over again.  He lays gently beside you and
       pulls you onto your side facing him.  His arms reach
       around you and holds you tightly to his now naked body
       and you both drift off to sleep with your lips touching
       each others.
               You do not know if it is his movement that awakens
       you but when you open your eyes he is not on the table
       next to you any longer.  Suddenly from behind you, you
       feel his hands on your shoulder, pressing you over onto
       your stomach.  You roll over without a verbal command.
       He begins rubbing warm oil over your bruised buttocks.
       It feels soothing to the painful well spanked
       asscheeks.
               "Slave, we shall have a party soon, this weekend.
       You shall attend with me and I shall expect you to
       perform as a good, well trained slave.  If you should
       embarrass me and perform in any way indicating you are
       not well trained, then you shall experience discipline
       and training immediately."  He continued massaging oil
       over your body as he talked.
               "Now slave, upstairs clean yourself, you may touch
       the body I own, then join your Master for dinner."
               Without hesitation you rose and headed upstairs to
       clean yourself and prepare for dinner.




                        Seductive Master, The - 12

              The weekend comes and the party is upon you.  Your
      Master has chosen the clothes you are to wear.  He has
      picked out a sheer silk dress, pink in color, a wire
      push up bra that covers only your lower portion of your
      breasts, thus showing your hard nipples through the
      sheer material.  Your nipples have been erect and hard
      since you came here, now is no exception.  You are to
      wear a pink garter belt and sheer white seamed nylons
      with four and one half inch pink heels.  The only
      jewelry to be worn is the silver collar with your
      Master's name on it.  You prepare in the normal
      fashion, cleaning yourself inside and out, your
      Mistress checks on you to insure you do a good and
      proper job.  Once cleaned your hair is attended to by
      other female slaves of your Master's.  Once your hair
      is completed your Mistress instructs you to douche and
      you are given the items to use.  A sweet smelling
      liquid is used to douche yourself.  Your Mistress then
      applies a fragrance of perfume to your nipples, around
      your shaved pussy lips and finally to your neck.  You
      dress and join your Master in his bedroom.
              He looks very elegant; dressed in a black tuxedo
      with black patent leather shoes.  When he sees you, his
      eyes fix on your body, he slowly walks toward you and
      pulls you to him.  He gently, tenderly gives you a
      longing kiss.  Whispering in your ear he tells you how
      lovely you look.  His hand reaches under your sheer
      dress, he presses his fingers onto your shaved pussy
      then slowly moves them between the outer lips then
      finally inside.  You are wet, as you are to be, always
      ready for your Master.  But just seeing him, it seems
      now, makes you wet and ready.  Slowly he fingers your
      love canal and brings you more and more delight and
      desire, then pulls his fingers from you and presses the
      wet fingers to your mouth.  You open and suck his
      fingers, eyes closed, envisioning them to be his rock
      hard cock.  Finally he withdraws his fingers and tells
      you it is time to join the party.
              As you walk down the hall to the staircase, your
      Master informs you this is not the same type of party
      where you were chosen by him.  But instead it is a
      party of Masters, Mistresses, and their slaves.  You
      are to be presented to them for display as well as
      showing you off in how well you have learned.
              "If a Master or Mistress wishes to have pleasure
      with you, providing I grant this, it shall happen there
      before all if I so desire.  Many things may happen
      little puss." He says tenderly as he touches your chin
              to pull your face up to meet his eyes.  "Regardless of
      what may happen you are to behave in the manner in
      which you have been trained and act as if it were I
      doing whatever is done.  Do you understand little
      puss?"
              "Yes Master, I will do all I can to please you
      Master," you respond with some self assurance.
              "Very good little puss.  Once this night is past,
      the judge, who will be here at the party, shall perform
      our marriage in the morning.  Would this be alright
      with you little puss?" You Master asked with honest
      caring to your response.
              "Yes Master, oh yes Master this would make me a
      very happy slave," you answer with excitement coursing
      through you.  The thought of being owned by your Master
      and being married to him as well is almost overpowering
      to your thoughts.
              "My dear, you will not be called slave after that.
      You shall gain the title of your name when this takes
      place.  Though you shall still be my slave, you shall
      be treated with some respect as my wife.  Now, no
      further conversation, we must join the others."
              You say nothing and follow your Master down the
      stairs to the great room.  Your heart is fluttering
      with excitement about his announcement as well as the
      evenings activities.
              Once inside the great room your Master tells you
      to circulate and meet the guests.  He reminds you that
      you are a slave and to be respectful to all, especially
      the Masters and Mistresses.  You head off without him
      meeting others.  When you meet the judge, who is to
      marry you in the morning, he reaches out and teases
      your nipples through your sheer dress.  You stand, red
      faced as he does this, but do not object in any way.
      Each Master and Mistress who comes to meet the new
      slave, you, touches you in some way.  Whether it be
      your pussy or your nipples or your buttocks, you do not
      respond unkindly to their touch.
              At one point a Master Charles has ordered you to
      the playroom.  You hurry through the crowd to find your
      Master to ask if this meets with his approval.  Your
      Master becomes almost enraged with the suggestion and
      tells the other Master this is totally unacceptable
      behavior on his part.  You feel protected by your
      Master as you stand behind him listening to him talk to
      Master Charles.
              As the evening progresses your Master walks over
      to you, standing behind you, reaches over your
      shoulders and teases at your nipples.  As he does this
      he whispers to you to remove your dress.  You hesitate
      at his request, when he says it again he reminds you of
      the severity a punishment might bring.  Slowly,
      standing there before nearly fifty people you hardly
      know, you begin to remove your dress.  A maid, in apron
              and a little white maid hat only, takes the dress from
      your hands.  Your Master plays more earnestly with your
      nipples now.  Though they are already erect and hard
      his touch brings them out further until they extend
      nearly a full inch.  He whispers in your ear, "Take off
      the bra slave."  You reach behind you and quickly undo
      the bra.  By now everyone in the room is watching you.
      Your Master guides you to the center of the room to
      guarantee all in the room can see you.  He plays with
      your rock hard nipples a little long then slides his
      hand from over your shoulders down your side to your
      shaved pussy mound.  Slowly his fingers caress the
      outer lips and the surrounding area.  You are now
      leaning back into your Master's chest enjoying his
      touch.  He does not press his fingers inward, but
      merely teases the flesh on the outside lips and
      surrounding area.  Finally he withdraws his fingers
      from your body and announces to all in the room, "My
      slave awaits your attentions Masters and Mistresses.
      She shall do as instructed and shall obey."
              Slowly the Masters and Mistresses begin to come
      toward you.  Each staring at your lovely, wanting body.
      The first to reach you and touch you is a man in his
      late forties.  He reaches for your erect nipples,
      pushing one hand into his pocket pulls out a set of
      ragged teeth nipple clips and slowly applies them to
      the tips of each nipple.  He then continues to play
      with your nipples, using the clips to heighten the
      sensation you feel.
              Someone from behind you orders you to take
      standing position, quickly you place your hands behind
      your head and spread your legs wide.  A hand reaches
      from behind you to your nether region and slowly
      fingers you from your outer pussy lips back to your
      buttocks.  You pussy is dripping juices on the hand of
      this person as they pull it over your outer lips.
              "We shall adjourn to the playroom now Masters and
      Mistresses.  Your slaves, if well trained, will remain
      in their positions here while we are in the playroom."
      Your Master announces, then touches your arm and nods
      his head in the direction of the playroom.  You
      immediately head towards the room you have learned to
      enjoy and yet caused you much anxiety.  But this is
      part of your excitement, the anxiety and the
      anticipation of what might take place in this room.
      Your juices are flowing easily now as you walk down the
      stairs to the door.  As soon as you enter you take
      standing position in the center of the room, waiting
      for your next command.  Slowly the dozen Masters and
      Mistresses enter, leaving their slaves in kneeling
      position in the great room.  As each does they circle
      you then move to the side of the room and stare at your
      lovely, ready and waiting body.
              Your Master finally enters, coming up behind you
      he takes the garter belt from you then slowly he rolls
      the nylons down your legs.  You raise your foot as he
      pulls your heels off one at a time then removes the
      nylons completely.  You are totally nude now before all
      the invited Masters and Mistresses.  Your Master orders
      you to kneel with legs spread wide.  He then goes to
      the judge asking a request and the judge announces he
      wishes to see you masturbate and bring yourself to the
      edge, but not cum.  Your Master turns and looks at you
      and you immediately move your hands from behind you to
      your pussy and slowly begin to play with your pussy.
              Your Master watches very closely now and when he
      sees you moving your hips forward and your head going
      back as you near orgasm he orders you to stop.  You do
      so without further instruction.  Your pussy juices
      dripping down the inside of your legs now, you can feel
      the burning deep within you, the desire pitted within
      your hot canal for your Master's hard member to be
      thrust within you.
              Your Master picks the next person, a Mistress, who
      announces she wishes you to lick and suck her
      completely.  Your Master looks at you, you have already
      started to move toward the woman and quickly kneel
      before her.  She sits on a chair provided by another
      person, pulls her skirt up high, spreads her legs and
      you see her opened shaved pussy waiting for your
      talents.  You push your head between her legs and begin
      to tease the flesh of her outer pussy lips.   Slowly
      you thrust your tongue between the lips and tease at
      the inner lips.  Ever so slowly you begin to move your
      tongue into her canal and then out again.  Her hips
      begin to move forward slightly to meet your tongue as
      you pull it away.  You slide your tongue up her slit
      until you find her clit and begin to tease the flesh
      all the way around the clit then finally lash your
      tongue directly over it.  Then move your tongue to the
      side it of again then back to the head.  You continue
      this action until she pulls your head deep into her
      crotch, then you thrust your tongue in and out of her
      pussy quickly, curling your tongue so the end is almost
      pointed causing her to jerk and push you deeper into
      her.  Finally she shakes and your tongue feels the flow
      of her juices as she reaches orgasm.  You quickly lick
      at her clit bringing her to another orgasm, then
      another then you suck at her canal until her juices
      stop their flow.  She releases your head and looks up
      at your Master in a very approving manner.
              You quickly return to the middle of the room and
      take kneeling position again awaiting your next
      command.  The Mistress's juices still on your
      face.
              Your Master chooses two people this time.  It is
      obvious he knows these people well or he could not
              have chosen two.  One announces he wishes you to take
      his member in your mouth and give him the best licking
      he has ever had.  The second announces he wishes to use
      a single strand whip on your ass as you suck the other.
      Your Master comes to you and removes the nipple clamps
      you have worn for so long, slowly he rubs your nipples
      then nods his head in the direction of the man you are
      to suck.  You quickly move to this man, as you do your
      Master retrieves a single strand leather whip from the
      playroom wall, hands it to the other man and then your
      Master returns to his seat.  You quickly unzip the
      man's trouser's, reach in and carefully pull his semi
      hard member out and begin to tease the head with your
      tongue.  Slowly your tongue snakes its way down his
      shaft, you turn your head slowly and lick at his balls
      through the opening of his trousers.  Then move your
      tongue back up to the head, licking and kissing the
      shaft as you go.  The man behind you begins to slap at
      your buttocks and thighs, occasionally placing the tip
      of the whip strand between your legs and touching your
      spread open pussy.  You respond when the whip slaps at
      your sex by jerking forward and taking the head of the
      other man's cock fully into your mouth now.  It is
      difficult for you to concentrate on what you are doing
      now, for the single strand whip is causing a great deal
      of pain, as the man behind relentlessly slaps it down
      on some part of you body.  You reason the whip will
      stop when the man in your mouth cums so you quickly
      begin to tease his firm cock faster and faster.  Paying
      close attention to the head then teasing down the
      shaft.  Suddenly the cock springs deeper into your
      throat as it becomes erect and hard.  The man now
      begins to thrust it in and out of your mouth.  Each
      time he pulls it out to your lips your tongue follows
      it to tease the head.  Finally he thrusts it deep
      within your throat and you feel his cum explode at the
      back of your throat.  Quickly you swallow, he pulls out
      a bit, as he does you suck and lick him some more until
      finally he is completely limp within your mouth.  He
      pulls out, leans back and sits down in his chair again,
      the man behind swings the whip one final time hitting
      directly on your pussy, a slight scream escapes your
      lips when the force of the blow is felt and you fall
      forward with your head to the floor.
              Your Master comes to you, places his hand on your
      back, softly he says, center, kneeling position slave.
      You rise moving to the center of the room and kneel as
      commanded.

              The next person your Master picks is a Mistress.
      She wants to have you tied and secured in the center of
      the room.  She will bring you to the edge of orgasm
      then leaving you, then repeat the process.  Your Master
      turns to you and merely says standing position.  You
      immediately stand.  The Mistress moves toward you,
              after taking several leather thongs hanging on the wall
      of the playroom, she secures your hands then hooks them
      in the rope overhead.  She retrieves a spreader bar,
      secures it to your ankles and spreads your very wide,
      so wide it is painful.  You are then pulled upward to
      the ceiling.  As this Mistress does this, another
      Mistress announces to your Master she wishes you in
      this position also, but will bring you to orgasm with
      the flat of her hand on your buttocks.  Your Master
      agrees and tells her she may have her turn when the
      first Mistress is finished.
              Slowly the Mistress, who has prepared you in this
      bond fashion, begins to run her long fingers over your
      body.  She plays teasingly around your nipples, not
      touching the nipple itself then moves her fingers
      slowly down you stomach to your shaved mound.  Her
      fingers dart in and out of your flooding pussy then she
      drags the wet fingers over your body again.  She
      continues this for several minutes then kneels before
      you and presses her tongue to your sex.  She licks and
      flicks at your clit, hard and fast she lashes her
      tongue against your erect clit.  As you near the edge
      she pulls away from you.  Your hips are attempting to
      thrust forward in hopes to catch her tongue again and
      bring you satisfaction.  You only feel more frustration
      as a result.  You can feel the warmth of your juices
      gliding down your legs.  The burning of your pussy is
      consuming you now, you can feel it through your entire
      body.  But you are not fulfilled, instead you are left
      for a few moments.  You begin to recover from your
      desires and the Mistress begins again.  Slowly she
      presses her long fingers over your wanting, aching body
      then into your sex.  Her fingers are so long they are
      almost like having a penis inside you except the
      thickness is missing.  She once again brings you to the
      edge then leaves you quivering and bucking your hips
      outward for release.  This continues for another
      fifteen minutes.  You are totally consumed within the
      passions of desire to be satisfied and yet you are left
      for nearly ten minutes before the next Mistress takes
      control of you.
              During this time you have performed admirably, for
      you have not been gagged, yet beyond several moans you
      have made no pleas nor any other verbal desires.  The
      Mistress to take her turn with you does not gag you
      either, yet she reminds you not to scream or the gag
      will be placed in your mouth.  Your Master simply
      shakes his head up and down in a knowing manner,
      agreeing with the words of the Mistress.
              Oddly, this is the only person in the room you do
      not like the looks of.  She is good looking, but her
      eyes express a sternness which makes you feel most
      uncomfortable and you actually have a fear of her.
              As she approaches you, your eyes fix on your
      Master's.  He looks at you with a loving kindness you
      have grown to recognize and your body feels a
      tenderness flow through you as his eyes caress the very
      depths of your being.  Your fear of this Mistress seems
      to wane as you become transfixed on your Master's face.
      With a suddenness the Mistress slaps her flat, strong
      hand at your buttocks.  You jerk forward with a start
      for you were ill prepared for the beginning of this,
      yet manage to maintain silence.  She continues the
      punishment of your buttocks slapping your white creamy
      skin to a pink.  Your Master rises, moves in front of
      you and quickly presses his firm, strong fingers in
      your soaking pussy.  He quickly plunges two fingers
      into your inner depths as the Mistress continues to
      slap at your now redden buttocks.  Abruptly you quake
      with orgasm.  Your Master removes his fingers, the
      Mistress strikes at your buttocks again and again
      bringing you to another orgasm then another quickly in
      succession.
              Your Master makes a motion with his hand,
      indicating to the Mistress she is to stop.  She does
      and you are lowered, then removed from your bonds.
      Your Master orders you to kneeling position, leaving
      you to rest in the center of the playroom.  The Masters
      and Mistresses in the room engage in chit chat for
      twenty minutes or so then their attentions are brought
      back to you.
              The next Master to have his pleasure with you
      requests to have you secured to the table with your
      legs spread wide.  He wishes to tease you, bringing you
      to the edge then thrust deep within your anus.  Your
      Master agrees, turns to you and nods.  You need no
      instructions, you rise and go to the table.  Laying
      flat on your back you slide to the end so your buttocks
      hang over slightly.  Your feet are fixed on the
      stirrups at the end of the table, strapped into them.
      The stirrups are spread very wide opening you
      completely to this Master's desires.  He moves to the
      side of the table and begins to tease your flesh around
      your neck, just below your sterling silver collar.  He
      feather touches you causing you to feel a slight chill,
      reacting by getting goosebumps.  He moves his fingers
      down your body slowly, his hands are soft and large.
      When he reaches your nipples he slowly circles his
      fingertips around the areola, first to your left breast
      then your right.  Slowly tweaking the flesh until he
      finally encases the nipples of both breast between his
      forefinger and thumb on each hand.  Slowly he increases
      the pressure to each nipple, as he does so, he pulled
      them upward, distending them from your breasts.  A moan
      escapes your lips from the pressure he creates to your
      sensitive breasts.
              He prolongs the pinching of each nipple for nearly
      a minute then moves his hands down under your breasts,
      cupping them in his palm.  As if holding an egg in his
      hand he increases the pressure to each breast until he
      has embraced each breast within his hand, tightening
      his firm, large hands around the entire mound.  He
      moves his fingers back to the nipples then pinches each
      hard, twisting them right then left, then right again.
      He continues his play for a minute and a half then
      releases you completely.  You moan as he twists your
      tender nipples as the pleasure/pain seers through your
      body finding your pussy.  The heat is building again
      within you and your desires are burning once again.
      His fingers move slowly, lightly down your stomach to
      your pubic mound.  He draws his fingers lightly toward
      your nether lips, when he does you lift your hips
      slightly.  He pulls back and begins to drag his fingers
      lightly down your flesh again from just below your
      breasts, as if drawing an invisible line on your skin
      down to your shaved pubic mound again.  He does this
      ten times, his fingers make their way to your nether
      lips.  He tenderly rubs the outer lips then runs his
      fingers up the inside of your thighs.  You are lifting
      your hips up off the table now, trying to seize his
      fingers to pull them inside you.  Each time he
      withdraws his fingers and moves them to your inside
      thighs.  Finally he moves his lingering fingers into
      the inside of your slit, slowly he drags them over your
      hole, not entering, then touches your clit then back
      down to your hole.  Your juices are flowing easily now
      and have run from your canal down to your tender ass
      pucker.  You can feel your juices spreading on your
      bottom.  He keeps this up for some time until you are
      right at the edge of explosion then he stops.  He waits
      several minutes watching you carefully, staring into
      your wide open pussy, then just as you come down from
      the edge he begins again.  Teasing you back to the edge
      once more.  Your hips are bucking upward now, the
      burning desire in the pit of your stomach for your
      orgasm is overpowering.  You know not to beg but you
      want it so badly now you can hardly stand it.  Finally
      he says to you, "What do you want cunt?"  You look at
      your Master, he gives an approving nod of his head and
      your respond quickly, "Fuck me sir, hard and fast."  He
      positions himself so he can enter your ass.  No
      lubrication is needed as your juices have flooded your
      puckered hole.  He thrust hard and fast into you,
      hitting the bottom of your ass flesh with his pelvis.
      He thrusts so hard in an out of you it feels as though
      you are being whipped by his pelvis.  He slows now,
      taking long strokes in and out of you.  He tells you to
      request your desires.  You ask him to  fuck you hard
      and fast and add if it pleases him, he might tease your
              clit while he fucks your ass.  He thrust hard into you,
      you are so near the edge now, you pull against your
      bonds.  You know it will do no good, but you still pull
      against them, this excites you even more.  Finally his
      fingers reach for your clit, he massages it roughly
      then pinches it hard, when he does you are dynamited
      into a tremendous orgasm causing your body to shake,
      jerk, and quiver for several seconds.  He pulls his
      fingers away then thrust quickly in and out of you
      again and again.  He feels like a battering ram
      slamming into your puckered hole.  You feel his cock
      stiffen then begin to shot his cream into you, as it
      does he quickly reaches for your clit again and pinches
      the erect member very hard.  You jerk so hard you
      strain savagely against your bonds.  He continues to
      pinch you bringing you to another orgasm as he rams
      into you again shooting the last of his cream into your
      bowel.  You lay back in an exhausted state, his member
      still stuffed into your hole.  Every nerve within your
      body is feeling the sensation of this experience and
      you tingle from head to toe.  As he pulls out of you it
      excites you all over again.
              You are left to rest for an hour, as the Masters
      and Mistresses leave the room to go and check on their
      slaves and refresh themselves with drinks.




                        Seductive Master, The - 13

               Your Master stays with you for five minutes or so
       while the other Masters and Mistresses return to the
       great room to check on their slaves.  He comes to you,
       bound on the table, leans down and softly kissed your
       lips then your cheeks then your eyes.  Finally moving
       his mouth back to yours and pressing his tongue deep
       within you for a long, intense kiss.  He pulls back
       from you and delicately touches your breasts then runs
       his fingers down your sides to your hips.  You moan
       with the anticipation of his fingers finding your well
       worked hole.  He pulls his hands back, straightens up
       to turn to your Mistress.
               "Take her, clean her inside and out then return
       her here,"  your Master commands your Mistress, then he
       leaves the room.
               Your Mistress releases your bonds, helps you up,
       telling you to quickly make your way to the examination
       room on the second floor.  You can not move that
       quickly but do manage, under your own power, to make it
       up the two flights of stairs to the examination room.
       You immediately take your place on the table.  Your
       Mistress prepares an enema, in no nonsense fashion she
       administers it then slips a butt plug into you.  She
       then helps you to the bathroom, removes the plug and
       allows you to dispel the enema.  She draws a bath for
       you as you are doing this; then helps you into the tub.
       She quickly rubs you down, while still in the tub, has
       you stand, administering a douche to your pussy.  Once
       completed she dries you off and allows you to fix your
       hair as best you can.  Within fifteen minutes you are
       returned to the playroom, ordered to kneeling position.
               You take your position, waiting for your Master
       and his guests to return.  You kneel for nearly twenty
       minutes waiting.  When the door opens, a slave is
       pushed into the room by his Mistress, almost knocking
       into you.  His Mistress slaps at his back when he
       nearly hits you then orders him to strip.  Your Master
       comes behind you, touches your shoulder softly and
       tells you to move to the floor near his chair.  You
       quickly rise, following your Master to the other side
       of the room.
               The slave who was pushed into the room, now stands
       in the center of the room without clothes.  His
       Mistress has gone to the shelving on the playroom wall
       and taken a few items from it, alone with a thin birch
       rod.  She returns to the slave, walking slowly around
       him.  You have kept your head down until this point,
       but finally you sneak a glance at the Mistress.  It is
       none other than the Mistress you feared earlier this
       evening.
               "Well you little pussy licker, what have you say
       for yourself?"  She questioned the young man in front
       of her.  "Have you not been trained better?"  Her foot
       tapping the floor waiting an answer.
               "Yes Mistress, I have been trained to do better
       than what I have.  Please Mistress forgive me!"         The
       young man, about twenty three years old, pleaded.
               "Forgive you!  Forgive you!  I shall birch you.
       You have embarrassed me in front of my friends slave,
       so you shall be punished in front of my friends."  She
       reached down to his slightly hard cock and pulled on
       it, "You think it important this is satisfied when you
       have been ordered not to cum?"  As she spoke she pulled
       on his cock and squeezed it tightly, his face grimaced
       with the pain she was inflicting.
               "No Mistress, is not important unless you, my
       Mistress approve it."  The young man responded
       sheepishly with pain edging his voice.
               "We will see how you do when you can not cum,
       inspite of the need."  His Mistress stated. "Now get
       yourself hard.  If you cum you shall pay dearly you
       little pervert."
               She stepped back from him, moving to the side so
       all could see as he began to jerk himself into
       hardness.  It was not long before his cock was hard and
       erect.  Once it is, his Mistress walks over to him,
       places a cock ring around his cock, then secures his
       balls in a sack, lacing it tightly closed around them.
       He moans from the pressure she exerts when she tightens
       the laces.  She places leather cuffs around his wrists,
       hooking them together, then pulls the rope from the
       ceiling to attach to the wrist cuffs.  Once this is
       completed she places a spreader bar between his ankles,
       spreading him quite wide, then lifts him slightly off
       the floor so only his toes touch.  She stands back to
       survey her handy work.
               Your Master reaches for you, his hand lightly
       petting your hair.  Slowly he pulls your head towards
       him, you glance up to his eyes, he nods down, you see
       his member pressing hard on his trousers.  Slowly you
       unzip his trouser, take his member from them, he wears
       no underwear, and you begin to lick and suck his rigid
       member.  Slowly you lick his shaft up and down, teasing
       the head with your tongue.  He moves his hips slightly
       forward, pushing his rigid cock into your throat.  He
       pulls back slightly then leans over to you and
       whispers, "I shall bring my hand to your head when I
       wish your labor to bring me off.  Right now just hold
       me in your mouth, teasing only the shaft and not the
       head."  You can not respond, for his firm member is
       still within your mouth, but you look into his eyes,
       attempting to transmit the words you think, those
       being, yes Master.
               The Mistress punishing her slave has gone back to
       the shelving holding all the treasures of the playroom.
       She comes back to her slave, from behind him with a
       dildo.  She has picked one which is particularly thick
       and long.  This dildo is nearly three inches in
       diameter and twelve inches long.  She holds it to the
       slave's mouth, orders him to wet it, for that is the
       only lubricant there shall be.  His tongue quickly runs
       over the shaft of it, not wetting it much at all, then
       his Mistress pulls it from him and returns behind him.
       She slowly, with one hand pulls at his buttocks,
       spreading them slightly, with the other hand she shoves
       the long thick dildo into his anus.  He screams at the
       pain.  When his scream subsides she quickly pulls it
       out completely then thrusts it back into him hard and
       fast.  Again he screams and begins to plead with his
       Mistress for mercy.  This only enrages her more, as she
       pulls the dildo out again, thrusts it back in, then out
       again then back in again.  Finally she leaves it
       stuffed deep within him.
               She moves to the side of him with the birch rod in
       hand.  She flexes it in the air and it snaps as she
       whips her wrist.  "I shall use this on you slave, tell
       me where, and if you are wrong I shall use it on your
       entire body."
               "Mistress please," the young man pleaded.
               "All right slave, you did not tell me, so I will
       choose.  First shall be the cock, then the buttocks,
       with the dildo still inside."  His Mistress retorted
       without compassion.
               "Please Mistress no, please," the slave pleaded.
               "Your pleading will do you no good slave.  The
       punishment is decided.  I am going to gag your mouth so
       I need not hear your pleas."  The Mistress said as she
       walked to the shelving again and brought back a rubber
       ball gag.  She did not have to command him to open his
       mouth, he did so as soon as she placed the ball in
       front of it.
               She stood to the side of the young slave with the
       thin birch rod, pulling it back midway, then swinging
       it forward landing it directly on the shaft of his
       harden cock.  Without hesitation she brought it back
       again and slapped at his cock.  She did this until she
       had delivered ten strokes to his shaft, all with the
       tip end of the thin birch rod.  He thrashed about
       wildly and screamed through his ball gag with each
       blow.  The head of his cock had pre-cum deposited on it
       now, indicating he was surely in agony with the cock
       ring so securely tight around his shaft and his balls
       tightly laced inside their leather pouch.
               She lowered him from the ceiling now, took the
       spreader bar off and unhooked his wrist cuffs.  She
       said nothing, only pointed to the horse across the
       room.  The young man walked, with great difficulty, but
       managed to get to the horse.  He immediately lay across
       it with the dildo sticking out slightly from his ass.
       His Mistress secured his legs and wrists to the
       opposing legs of the horse, then took the precaution to
       secure the strap around his waist holding him firmly in
       the middle to the horse.  His Mistress then moved to
       the side of him, pulling the birch rod back over her
       shoulder landing the first blow on his upturned bare
       ass.  The rod left a welt which was soon joined by
       another laid right along side the first.  She continued
       the birching until his entire buttocks were aflame with
       welts from the rod.  Occasionally she stood behind him,
       using the rod underhanded then landing it on his
       leather encased balls.
               You have played with your Master's shaft the
       entire time.  Your own pussy dripping your juices down
       your leg now from the sounds you have been hearing.
       Your Master finally touches your head and pushes his
       shaft into your mouth then pulls out.  You begin to
       tease the head of his rigid member with your tongue,
       curling it around and around.  Within a few minutes his
       firm member begins to spasm then shoots its load of
       cream into your throat.  As it does your Master pushes
       in and out of your mouth, fucking your mouth
       thoroughly.  His cum creams into your throat as you
       swallow quickly to take all of him.  Soon, too soon for
       you, he withdraws from your mouth and you hungrily
       clean his member with your tongue.  He places his limp
       member back into his trousers then leans forward,
       telling you to look at the slave who is being punished.
               You look over to the horse and see the slave
       spread eagle.  The dildo still forced within him, his
       ass flaming red with welts from the birch rod.  His
       Mistress finally unhooks him from the horse, helps him
       stand, though in his condition now, a cock so rigid it
       could drive nails yet restrained by the cock ring, he
       cannot stand upright.  She leads him to the center of
       the room, removes his gag, then asks, "Slave, have you
       something to say now?"
               "Yes Mistress.  Mistress I am sorry I displeased
       you and disobeyed your orders not to cum unless told.
       I am sorry also Mistress I embarrassed you before your
       friends.  I am also sorry Mistress I forced you into
       having to punish me."  The young slave said between
       sobs as the tears streamed down his cheeks.
               "I should, slave, allow everyone here to beat your
       ass and cock."  The Mistress said sternly.
               You, not knowingly react to her words, and your
       Master touches your shoulder gently then rises.
       "Mistress Bonnie may I have a word with you in the
       hall?"  Your Master questions.
               "Of course," Mistress Bonnie responds puzzled by
       his request.  "Of course Master Nathaniel," she says,
       turning on her heels to follow your Master to the hall.
               When they return, Mistress Bonnie takes her
       position by her slave again and your Master comes back
       and sits down next to you.  His hand touches your back
       and slowly moves up and down your spine as Mistress
       Bonnie begins to talk again.
               "As I said slave, I should permit everyone in here
       to punish you.  However, I think, instead, I shall have
       you wear the cock ring for another two hours, then you
       will be permitted to bring yourself off in front of
       everyone, unless someone desires to fuck a pathetic
       slave such as yourself.  Until that time, you shall go
       with Master Nathaniel's slave, which he has summoned,
       to receive a thorough cleaning and treatment to your
       burning ass."
               Just then the playroom door opens and in walks
       your Mistress, not a slave, who comes to the center of
       the room waiting for the young slave's Mistress to
       finish with him.  Mistress Bonnie slowly withdraws the
       dildo from his burning ass, as she does she spreads his
       cheeks with her hand and he cries out with the pain of
       her touch.  She hands the dildo to her slave and tells
       him to clean it thoroughly when he gets upstairs to the
       examination room.  She then whirls around on her heels
       and tells your Mistress that once her slave is cleaned
       and treated he is to stand in the corner of the great
       hall so all can see his reddened ass.  As an after
       thought she calls out that his cock ring is to stay on
       for two more hours then he is to be sent back here to
       the playroom when the time is up and she shall remove
       it herself.
               Finally it is over, you think to yourself.  You
       knew she was stern but you had not realized how severe
       she could be.
               Your Master stands now, moves to Mistress Bonnie
       and closes his arms around her gently, tenderly pulling
       her to his chest.  She relaxes into him and he stands
       holding her for several minutes while she calms herself
       down and regains control.  Your Master is talking
       softly in a whispered hush as he holds her, she is
       responding only by shaking her head.
               "Slave, center, kneeling," he says to you as he
       releases his arms from Mistress Bonnie.  You rise
       immediately, quickly moving to the center of the room
       and kneel.  You thought for a moment the rest of the
       Masters and Mistresses would not be using you.  You
       dreamed it would be your Master only after this harsh
       disciplining episode.  But this only confirms that you
       are not to think, only do as your Master commands.
               Mistress Bonnie looks at your Master, as if
       reading each others mind, he nods his head to her.  She
       walks over to you and kneels down in front of you.  She
       reaches out to you and you withdraw slightly as her
       hands find your breasts.  You now have great fear of
       this woman, for you have seen her anger.  Surprisingly
       her touch to your breasts is soft and loving.  She
       gingerly plays with your nipples then leans forward to
       lick, her tongue teasing the tips then her lips
       brushing against them in a tender kiss.  Finally she
       pulls the entire nipple into her mouth then sucks on it
       gently, teasing it with her tongue.  She moves to the
       other breasts and does the same.  She finally moves her
       fingers down to your spread opened sex and fingers you
       lightly.  You are still very wet and it does not take
       much for her to finger you closer to orgasm.  As she
       does, she continues to alternate between your breasts,
       sucking, teasing with her tongue.  Finally she pulls
       away from your breasts then lays down on the floor on
       her back, sliding herself under your spread legs.
       Slowly she pulls herself upward to your spread pussy
       and begins to flutter her tongue inside you.  Her
       fingers find your clit and she strokes the head softly
       over and over again.  Her tongue now planted deep
       within your canal wall is flicking inside you, your
       clit is hard and erect, when suddenly she thrusts her
       tongue in and out of you and you shake, pressing into
       her face harder with an orgasm that rushes through your
       body.
               She does not stop.  She continues to bring you
       from one orgasm to another to another until you have
       had no less than seven.  Finally she licks and sucks
       your tunnel then withdraws from between your spread
       legs.  You lean forward with your head on the floor,
       ass in the air trying to regain some strength and
       composure.  No one bothers you for a long time.
               You dose off to sleep for a short time.  Finally
       your Master touches you gently, pulling you carefully
       upward so you are sitting on your heels.  When he sees
       you have recovered fully, he orders you to standing
       position, you quickly rise, spreading your legs wide,
       hands behind your head.  Your Master takes a spreader
       bar, attaches wide, heavy leather cuffs to your ankles
       then secures the spreader bar to the cuffs.  In the
       center of this spreader bar is a large hook.  Your
       Master pulls the rope from the ceiling, hooks it to the
       hook in the center of the spreader bar then slowly you
       are pulled upward by your feet toward the ceiling.
       Your Master stands behind you holding your back, giving
       you support and keeping you from hitting your head to
       the floor.  Once you are secured upside down from the
       ceiling a cradle like piece of furnishing is brought
       over to you and your shoulders rest on the cradle, with
       your head pressed through the opening in the center.
       Your Master reaches under the cradle and ties a
       blindfold over your eyes.
               Someone begins to play and pinch your nipples,
       then sucks on them, taking as much of your breast into
       his or her mouth as possible.  While sucking on one
       breast the other is being played with and pinched.
       Then the person alternates to the other breast and
       teasing the one that was just sucked.
               As you hang there upside down, your legs spread
       and pussy open, someone begins to drop warm oil into
       your slit, with a drop of warm oil caressing inside
       your open, wanting hole.  While the warm oil is being
       dripped into your opening, your breast being teased,
       sucked and pinched, someone else's hand finds your clit
       and slowly, teasingly rubs and pinches it.  Your body
       shakes with the excitement of all the attention to your
       most sensitive parts.  To add to all of this, someone
       pushes a long, thin dildo into your ass.  Your moans
       escape your lips continuously now.  The dildo pressed
       into your anus is turned on and the vibration brings
       your higher and higher.  None of the activities cease,
       but instead another aspect is added, that being someone
       slapping your buttocks with their open hand.  The slaps
       are not severe or harsh, more of a lovingly gentle
       patting, interspersed, infrequently, with a sharp spank
       to your buttocks.  You quake with orgasm, then again,
       as the action does not stop.  Over and over again you
       shake and jerk with the warm rush catapulting through
       your body, finding its release through your hot,
       sopping pussy.  You trumpet your pleasure with each
       orgasm by moaning loudly then shuddering uncontrollably
       with each one.  Finally, after a what seems forever to
       you, but is actually only twenty or thirty minutes, it
       stops.  You are pulled from the cradle, then lowered to
       floor.  Your body limp and exhausted.  Someone pulls
       the vibrating dildo from your anus, then someone else
       lifts you from the floor, after removing the spreader
       bar and leather cuffs around your ankles, places you on
       the table.  Your hands are released.  Then someone
       straddles your limp body as it lay on the table, hands
       pull at your blindfold, removing it.  Your Master
       slowly moves into your well worked pussy and begins to
       slowly pump in and out of you.  Despite your exhaustion
       you respond to him lovingly, as your pussy tightens
       around his rigid member.  Your hands reach up to him,
       enclosing him in your arms.  He leans downward to your
       breasts.  Slowly he pushes into you then slides easily
       out then back in, his tongue reaches for your right
       nipple and begins to tease the flesh then sucks hard on
       the erect nipple.  His head moves to the left nipple
       and repeats the same action.  Finally he begins to
       thrust deep within you, filling your canal with his
       stiff, hard cock.  Your love channel being filled and
       satisfied the only way you had silently pleaded for all
       through the night.  His speed increases as does the
       forcefulness in which he reams your canal.  He speaks
       to you in the midst of this, "What do you want slave,
       tell your Master what you want, do not beg."
               "Master fuck me," you whisper back to him, "Fuck
       me hard and fast, harder and faster."
               With that he thrusts faster and harder into you
       for several minutes, his cock spasms and you explode
       with an orgasm as you feel his cream flood your
       insides.  He continues to plunge in and out of you for
       several more minutes, pumping all his cream deep into
       you, bringing you from orgasm to another.  Finally his
       member is spent, he withdraws, laying partially on you
       and on your side.  Suddenly the room explodes with
       applause.  Your vision is cloudy from exhaustion, but
       you glance around the table to see the faces of the
       Mistresses and Masters gazing at you and your Master.
               You fall quickly to sleep.  You awaken briefly
       when your Master pulls himself from your side and gets
       off the table.  You scan the room quickly through sleep
       filled eyes and see the young male slave with the cock
       ring standing in the center of the room, your eyes
       close and sleep encompasses you.
               While you sleep the young male slave is taken to
       the center of the room.  He is obviously in great pain
       with his still rigid cock trapped within the ring and
       balls encased in a tight leather sack.  His Mistress
       orders him to bring anyone in the room to orgasm, then,
       she promises he shall be given relief.  Slowly he moves
       to each Master and Mistress asking if they desire his
       tongue, cock or ass.  When he gets to the first
       Mistress she orders him to lick her ass and fuck her
       puckered hole with his tongue.  She leans forward,
       bracing herself on a chair in front of her, pulls her
       cheeks open waiting.  He quickly moves his tongue to
       her ass cheeks licking, kissing, licking some more.  He
       moves his tongue to her puckered hole, licks and kisses
       her, then licks some more then presses his tongue
       quickly into her.  His hands are free and he moves them
       to the front of her and begins rubbing her dripping
       pussy then her clit.  His tongue jets in and out of her
       anus, then he pushes deep into her and flicks his
       tongue quickly inside her.  She suddenly shakes with
       orgasm, pushing her ass further back to his face to
       take more of his tongue, he thrusts it in again as deep
       as he can, she bucks her hips against him once more
       then slowly stands back up straight.
       Everyone else is tired and too tired to take the
       offer of the young man, except for one Master.  He
       orders the slave to the horse and has him lay over it,
       tells him to spread his ass cheeks wide.  The Master
       pulls out his large, thick cock, places some warm oil
       over it, then dips his fingers into the warm oil and
       pushes them into the young man's anus.  The Master
       lubricates his anus thoroughly then pounds his thick
       cock into the young man, causing him to gasp as it
       enters deep into his sore butt hole.  The Master
       thrusts hard and fast and quickly achieves his goal,
       then withdraws and shots his cum over the young slaves
       back.  The slave lays there while his Mistress cleans
       his back off with a towel then she orders him to the
       center of the room.
               "What have you to tell your Mistress slave?", she
       asks firmly, as she walks around his spread body.
               "Mistress, I have been terribly naughty tonight
       and disobedient.  I deserved all you have done and more
       Mistress.  I am ashamed, Mistress, that I was unruly
       and insubordinate.  Please Mistress, please forgive
       me."
               His Mistress says nothing, but lovingly touches
       his bottom, then moves to the front of him and slowly
       removes his cock ring.  The agony that crossed his face
       is now beginning to leave.  Slowly she removes the
       leather sack from his balls.  She gently, tenderly rubs
       his cock and balls then orders him down to the floor.
       Once there, she spreads her legs over him and slowly
       slides down to his rock hard cock.  With a smooth,
       experienced action she begins to slide up and down his
       rigid cock.  Within moments he explodes inside her.  He
       pumps his hips upward, bucking against her cunt, then
       roughly fingers her clit until she bucks and thrusts
       onto him again with orgasm.  She holds his limp member
       deep within her muscle tight walls for several minutes,
       savoring the feel of his cock filling her, then finally
       pulls off him and lays on top of him.  He softly kisses
       her face until she takes him in her mouth and tongue
       kisses him deeply.




                        Seductive Master, The - 14

               When you wake, you find yourself in your Master's
       bed.  You are not bond.  Your Master lays beside you
       still asleep.  You lay quietly looking, studying your
       Master's body.  You do not touch him for you wish not
       to wake him.  You can feel your pussy tingle as you
       stare at him.  Finally you slide off the side of the
       bed and head for the adjoining bathroom.  You take your
       time relieving yourself then cleaning up a bit,
       brushing your hair and washing your face.  While you
       are cleaning yourself up, your Master enters the bath.
       He says nothing to you but merely relieves himself then
       washes his face, heads back to the bedroom.  Once you
       have finished you quietly go back to the bedroom and
       slide back onto the bed next to your Master, who has
       gone back to bed waiting for you.  He slowly reaches
       for you and pulls you close to his chest.  Nothing is
       said.  He rubs his soft, gentle hand over your back as
       his other hand presses your face to his chest.  He
       holds you tenderly for a very long time, without
       speaking.
               "Today we shall marry slave," he finally states to
       you in a matter of fact manner.  "Then you shall be
       given the right to be called Elizabeth again.  I have
       picked what I wish you to wear.  The Judge will perform
       two marriages for us.  First shall be the traditional,
       second shall be the Master/Slave vows you must say.
       Then my dear slave, we shall have a honeymoon, going to
       my house in the woods.  We shall make love and do
       whatever your heart desires.  Today shall be your day
       to make choices.  So you should begin thinking of your
       wants and needs now."
               You glance up at your Master, pulling yourself
       upward slightly so you can see his face easily.
       "Master I wish what you wish.  I am here to please you
       and wish only to do this."
               Your Master reaches for you head and gently his
       hand runs through your hair.  "I know slave, you have
       proven this in the past weeks of your training.
       However, there are surely things you enjoy more than
       others.  Of those, I wish you to make a choice."
               You bow your head, finally leaning back to your
       Master's chest and merely whisper, "Yes Master."  You
       lay there wrapped in his strong arms for a very long
       time.  He makes no move to caress you or excite you.
       He simply embraces you in his arms lovingly.
               "I'm hungry slave," your Master finally says, "how
       about you?"
               "Yes Master," you respond, surprised at his
       question for it has never been asked by him before of
       you.
               "Then let's go eat some breakfast slave.  After
       which you shall begin the preparations for our
       marriage."  He says, rises from the bed and tenderly
       pulls at your arms until you are pulled from the bed.
       He leans down to you and kisses your lips softly, then
       presses his tongue into your mouth giving you a longing
       tongue kiss.  He withdraws after several minutes then
       swats your bare bottom teasingly and says let's go.
       You quickly go to the door, open it, waiting for your
       Master to exit first, then follow behind him down to
       the kitchen.  Breakfast is already on the table.  The
       Judge, who spent the night and his slave are seated at
       the table eating.  The slave rises and kneels as soon
       as your Master enters the room.  Your Master nods to
       her, takes his seat, then she rises and sits back in
       her chair.  You glance at your Master, questioning if
       you are expected to do the same to the Judge, for he
       has never instructed you to do this.  He nods at you
       then at your chair and you slip onto the seat and do
       not kneel before the Judge.  The Judge's slave is quite
       lovely.  She is a natural blonde, with hair that is
       straight and long, which comes to the middle of her
       back.  She wears a wide belt around her waist, from the
       center of the belt are three thin rope like strands.
       One strand is running through the center of the girl's
       sex, pulled tightly over her opened pussy, rubbing her
       clit each time she moves.  The other two ropes are
       pressed on the outside lips of her pussy, pressing the
       one over her clit deeper within her nether lips.  When
       she rose to kneel to your Master you noted a small
       dildo inserted inside her pussy.  It is not big enough
       to bring satisfaction, but big enough to cause
       excitement.  You can feel your pussy dripping with
       excitement as you think of the constant pressure she is
       receiving from her bonds.
               The Judge and your Master engage in small talk as
       you eat breakfast.  When you are finished, your
       Mistress appears in the doorway.  Your Master instructs
       you to go with her and prepare for the day.  You
       quickly rise and move to your Mistress.  She leads you
       from the room to the second floor examination room.
               You go to the table, as you have many times,
       without instructions, however your Mistress orders you
       into the bathroom instead.  You quickly move to the
       bathroom and take standing position.  She slowly
       prepares the enema you know you are going to receive.
       Once it is ready she pulls a chair from the corner of
       the bath and sits.  She orders you to lay across her
       lap and spread your legs wide.  She has never given you
       an enema in this fashion before, but you do as
       instructed without question.  Slowly she runs her
       fingers up and down your slit, pressing her fingers
       into your wet pussy.  She reaches for the vaseline and
       pushes her fingers into it then presses it slowly into
       your anus.  Her fingers play deep within you, greasing
       your hole thoroughly.  Finally she presses the enema
       nozzle into you and releases the clip to the enema bag,
       the water flows gently into you.  As it flows she plays
       with your pussy, running her fingers into your dripping
       hole, then to your clit.  She teases at your sensitive
       flesh the entire time the enema flows into you.  When
       the warm water empties from the bag she slowly pulls
       the nozzle from you and replaces it with a butt plug.
       Keeping you across her lap she teases your clit more
       and more, until you finally flood her hand with your
       juices as your orgasm surges through your body.
               She orders you to stand and go relieve yourself.
       While you do this, she runs water in the tub, testing
       it with her hand periodically.  When you have finished
       she nods to the tub, you need no further instructions,
       you immediately slide into the warm  water.  Her hands
       slowly cup the water in the tub and she drains it from
       her hands onto your skin.  She then soaps you
       completely, having you stand to do your pussy and
       bottom, teasing your flesh as she does.  Once the bath
       is completed she uses a douche to clean your nether
       region.  She then orders you to the examination table.
               Quickly you go to the examination table, placing
       your legs into the stirrups, your hands over your head,
       without instruction.  Your Mistress secures your hands,
       legs and knees in the standard fashion then begins to
       rub a nice smelling oil over your body.  Not ignoring
       your spread open sex and ass crack.  When finished she
       releases you, has you roll over on your stomach and
       repeats the same process to your back.  She then orders
       you back on your back.  Again you are spread open wide
       and secured.  She goes to the cupboard across the room,
       withdraws a tube of something and returns to you.
       Slowly she squeezes some of the cream from the tube
       onto her fingers then massages it into your nipples.
       Your nipples get warmer and warmer as she massages.
       Once she has achieved the reaction she desires she
       places decorated nipple clips to your two erect tits.
       The decoration on the clips is a sterling silver disk
       with the word 'Master's' engraved on each.  She moves
       to your spread legs, places some more cream on her
       fingers then begins to rub it into your pussy region,
       over your clit, over your inner lips, then down your
       opened crack to your anus.  Your hips begin to thrust
       upward as the cream heats your sensitive region.  She
       squeezes more cream on her fingers and rubs more into
       your delicate region, causing you to thrust your hips
       upward again and again.  Once she is satisfied with the
       effects, she places a small, thin butt plug into your
       anus, then a thin dildo into your hot, dripping pussy.
       You are left for several minutes while she goes to wash
       her hands.  Your excitement building through your body.
               When she returns, she releases you, orders you to
       the center of the room in standing position.
       Immediately you take your place, hands behind head,
       legs spread wide.  She places a wide, soft leather belt
       around your waist, the buckle is sterling silver
       bearing your Master's name.  It is tightened firmly
       around your waist.  Your Mistress then attaches three
       thin soft leather straps to the front of the belt,
       pulls one through your pussy lips, pressing the dildo
       and butt plug deeper within you.  She secures it
       tightly to the back of the belt.  Then does the same
       with the other leather strips, each going on the
       outside of your pussy lips.  The way she secures them
       is so tight it causes a great deal of pressure to your
       sensitive region, yet an excitement courses through you
       with the continuous pressure to your clit and anus.
       Another wide, soft leather strap is hooked over the top
       of the three other leather straps then pressed between
       your legs, pulled firmly and connected to the back of
       the belt.  She then places a soft leather harness
       around your breasts.  The harness presses your breasts
       upward and out at the same time.
               Your Mistress goes to the phone, calling someone
       in the house, then returns to you, saying nothing, but
       stands waiting.  A knock comes to the door, your
       Mistress commands them to come in, and several young
       slaves enter the room.  They begin to work with your
       hair, which your Mistress had washed during your bath.
       Finally, after about two hours of preparation you are
       finished then led down the stairs to the great room.
               When you enter, your Master stands at the other
       side of the room with the Judge in front of him.  The
       Judge's slave is kneeling beside the Judge.
               Your Mistress whispers into your ear to walk to
       your Master.  You glance around the room as you begin
       to walk towards the man you have fallen in love with
       and love to call Master.  No one else is in the room,
       save the slaves of the house, your Master, Mistress,
       the Judge and his slave.  Your Master smiles at you as
       he takes in the full effects of your body as you walk
       to him.  He is dressed in a tuxedo, yet you know he
       wears no underwear, so you will have access to him
       quickly.  Finally you reach his side and the Judge
       clears his throat and begins.
               The first ceremony is the standard words of any
       marriage ceremony.  When it is completed the Judge nods
       to your Master, who leans forward and lightly kisses
       your lips.  He then stands back up fully and looks down
       at you, nodding his head toward the floor.  You quickly
       take the hint, kneeling beside your Master.  The Judge
       clears his throat again and begins: "Slave Elizabeth,
       you must agree with the words spoken here in order for
       this marriage to be complete.  Repeat after me slave
       Elizabeth, 'I, slave to my Master Nathaniel, do hereby
       vow to be his wife, providing him pleasure for the
       years to come, in whatever fashion he so desires.  I
       promise to obey his every command, and in failing to do
       so, promise to ask for the punishment I deserve from my
       Master.  I also promise to receive any punishment,
       regardless of its severity, my Master deems necessary.
       I promise to always be spread and ready for my Master
       or anyone he decides who should take me, with my sex
       always wet and warm for him."  You complete the
       statement, the Judge having stopped periodically for
       you to say the words.  He then turns slightly, facing
       toward your Master.  Your Master places his hand to
       your head.
               The Judge begins: "I, Master Nathaniel, take thee,
       slave Elizabeth as my wife.  I shall love and provide
       for you.  I shall discipline you when it is needed, as
       well as when it brings me pleasure.  I shall permit you
       to care for my desires and ensure you fulfillment of
       your desire to be controlled, disciplined, loved and
       used.  I shall, each day, bring you pleasure by using
       your sex and body in a fashion I deem suited."
               Your Master having finished his statement, as you
       look up to his face, your sex is flowing easily,
       soaking the thin leather strips pressing into you and
       the wider leather strap covering them.  Your Master,
       pulling at the back of the leather belt around your
       waist, pulls you from your knees to him.  He presses
       his mouth to yours and kisses your deeply.  The Judge
       then kisses you on the lips.  One slave comes forward
       with a camera in hand, snaps several picture of you and
       your Master, your husband.  Your Master nods to your
       Mistress, she comes to you, taking your arm, then leads
       you back upstairs.  The belt, nipple clips, dildos are
       taken from you, everything is removed until you are
       nude.  A dress is placed on you.  A sheer white, low
       cut dress.  A garter belt is placed on you then you sit
       to have sheer, white nylons placed on your legs.  A
       pair of white heels are put on your feet, three and a
       half inches high.  Your Mistress orders you to the
       examination table, telling you to lean over it and pull
       up your dress.  You do so.  She then places a thick
       butt plug into your anus.  Once finished she has you
       stand up, then kisses you sweetly and quickly, then
       tells you to join your Master downstairs.  You quickly
       go downstairs to your Master.
               Your Master has a small bag with him, which he
       picks up then leads you out the door to the waiting
       car.  The car is a Mercedes convertible with the top
       down.  You are seated in the passenger seat, your
       Master takes the driver's side.  Soon you are on the
       open highway, making your way to his home in the woods.
       He looks over to you then orders you to remove your
       dress.  Quickly you slide forward to pull the dress
       from underneath your buttocks and slide it over your
       head.  You immediately spread your legs wide on the
       seat of the car.  Your flesh becomes covered with
       goosebumps  as the wind slaps against your nude body.
       Your Master presses a button and the roof of the car
       begins to rise.  He reaches to you with one hand, the
       other on the wheel, then presses his fingers into your
       dripping sex.  He smiles sweetly at you, then presses
       his dripping fingers to your mouth.  You quickly suck
       them clean, teasing them with your tongue.  He orders
       you to tease your erect nipples, warning you not to
       pinch them, but only tease them.  You begin to slowly
       caress the nipples, teasing the flesh more and more.
       His hand moves to your wet, shaven pussy again and
       begins to tease at the lips then the clit.  As he rubs
       you to the edge, he orders you to pinch your nipples
       hard.  You do as instructed, feeling yourself about to
       burst with orgasm.  As you rise higher your Master
       orders you to stop as he pulls his fingers from you.
       Reluctantly you pull your fingers from your breasts.
       He then looks down at his bulging pants, saying to you,
       "I think I have something you must attend to."
       Quickly you lean to his lap, unzip his trousers and
       pull his erect penis from them.  You begin by kissing
       the head of his shaft, then slowly lick the shaft,
       pressing into his trousers with your tongue to lick at
       his swollen balls, then back up his shaft.  You slide
       the head into your mouth, teasing it with your tongue,
       he is moving now into you, pressing his hips forward.
       He is having some problems driving, but you are so
       involved in satisfying him you do not notice.  You
       continue to tease and lick his firm, erect member until
       he explodes inside your mouth.
               Your tongue laps at the cum, swallowing quickly so
       as not to lose a single drop.  His member finally
       becomes limp again, you wash the entire shaft with your
       tongue, then place it back into his trousers.  He zips
       them back up.  You resume your position in the seat on
       the passenger side with legs spread wide.  Your Master
       orders you to remove your garter belt and nylons then
       place your hands behind your back and to sit in this
       fashion until you arrive at the home, you do so without
       hesitation.  The cars speeding past you take no notice
       of your nude body, busy in their quest to get to their
       destinations, however when you pass a group of semi-
       trucks, they become active with the blasting of their
       horns as you slowly pass each cab, with each trucker
       gazing down into the car looking at your nude, exposed
       body.  This experience is exciting you even more, as
       your pussy drips it's juice onto the seat beneath you.
       Finally your Master turns the car off the highway to a
       two lane highway, drives for another six miles then
       turns off to a single lane, black top paved road.
       About two miles down this road you come to a gate, your
       Master pushes a button inside the car, the gate opens,
       you drive through, then the gate closes behind you. He
       drives another three miles down the road before the
       house comes to view.  The house is not huge, but large,
       two story Old English Tudor home.  He stops the car
       directly in front of the walk-way leading to the front
       door.
               You do not make a move, as your Master has not
       instructed you do so.  He gets out of the car, comes to
       your side, opens the door, then reaches down to you and
       lifts you carefully from the seat of the car, carrying
       you to the door.  He cradles you in his arms as one
       hand fumbles with a set of keys and unlocks the door.
       He carries you into the foyer, sets you feet down to
       the floor then kisses you deep and tenderly.  He looks
       down at you and finally says, "I love you Elizabeth,"
       then kisses you again.  When he withdraws you whisper
       to him, as he holds your close to him, "I love you
       Master Nathaniel, more than life itself."  He kisses
       you again.
               He goes to the car and retrieves the small
       suitcase and your dress, garter belt, shoes and nylons
       then comes back to you in the foyer.  You have taken
       standing position while you wait for him.  He smiles
       when he enters, seeing you standing there waiting for
       him.  He slides the case down, lays your dress and
       other items on top of it then moves to you, leaning
       forward kisses you again.
               "Come, my wife and slave, we shall tour the
       house."         You move through the house, your Master
       showing you each room.  Before taking you upstairs he
       takes you to the playroom in the basement.  This
       playroom is very different from the one at the house in
       the city.  It has a thick, plush carpeting on the
       floor, a large four post king size bed.  A couch, a
       lounge chair on another wall.  There are three cabinets
       with glass fronts housing the various tools of
       pleasure/pain, such as whips, cane, paddles, etc.  You
       are delighted with the room and wish to stay there, but
       your Master says no, that the two of you shall retire
       to the bedroom.  He moves through the door of the
       playroom, heading back upstairs, you quickly follow
       behind him.
               Your Master shows you the guest rooms then finally
       leads you into the Master suite.  Attached to the suite
       is a living room, off this room is a jacuzzi and sauna,
       then finally the bedroom.  The bed is on a platform,
       raised approximately four inches above the floor level.
       The king size bed is a four poster bed with canopy and
       draperies surrounding it.  Off the bedroom is another
       room, obviously a playroom from the items on the
       shelves there, then the Master's bath off to the right
       and another bath off to the left.  Your Master tells
       you this is your bath, you enter it to see a large tub,
       big enough for two people.  Various items are there,
       such as an enema bag, numerous bottles of lotion,
       perfumes, and even bubble bath salts.  You are so gitty
       with the thought of sharing your life with this man
       now, that your enthusiasm has found its way to your
       pussy and your juices flow onto your inner thigh.  Your
       Master stands watching you as you look over the items
       in the bath, eventually he reaches for you and pulls
       you to him, kissing you tenderly.
               "Playroom slave, off the bedroom."  He says,
       looking down at you.  Quickly you move to the playroom,
       taking your standing position in the center of the
       room.  Your Master goes into the bedroom, changes from
       his tuxedo putting on only a robe.  He comes back to
       you and slowly circles you, reaching out to touch your
       wet pussy lips.  He pushes your forward slightly so you
       are bending at the waist and slowly withdraws the butt
       plug you have held inside you.  "What is your desire
       slave Elizabeth?  What pleasure do you ask of your
       Master?"
               You knew this time would come.  You had thought
       about it since your Master told you that you would be
       pleased in the fashion you desire.  "Master," you
       finally say, "the most exciting and pleasant thing I've
       had done to me since coming to you was the time you
       gave me a bare bottom spanking over your knees.  I ask
       you to do this, then slide your manhood into me then
       spank me as you pump in and out.  If this pleases you
       Master Nathaniel."  He smiles down at you then slowly
       removes his robe, his member is already becoming firm
       at your request.  He moves to the straight back chair
       on the other side of the room, sits down then says
       firmly and harshly to you, "Wife, slave Elizabeth,
       across my knee.  I shall spank your bottom as one might
       spank a child who has behaved badly.  Come now."
               Quickly you move to your Master's lap, laying
       across it awaiting the warming of your bare bottom.
       Your juices bubble out of you now with the excitement
       racing through your body.  Slowly your Master rubs your
       tender ass cheeks then pulls his hand back and firmly
       administers a spank to your bare ass.  The spank is not
       hard, but is soon followed by a series of harsh spanks,
       three in all, then another soft, spank.  He continues
       spanking at your cheeks until they turn to bright red.
       His member has grown under you, pressing into your
       stomach as he spanks you soundly.  He stops now,
       running his fingers into your slit then to your soaking
       wet pussy, he plays at your clit then pulls his fingers
       back and begins to spank you again.  Soon you shake
       across his lap with orgasm.  He stops, waiting for you
       to calm down then begins again.  The spanking and
       teasing continues for nearly an hour.  Finally he tells
       you to stand, your ass cheeks burning from his firm
       hand slapping against them.  He pulls you up to him and
       slides you onto his erect, hard cock.  You wrap your
       feet around his waist and your hands around his neck.
       As he thrust his hips forward pushing his rigid member
       deeper into you, he begins to slap at your red buttocks
       and spanks you in earnest.  Within a few minutes you
       reach orgasm again.  He continues to pull out slightly
       from you then thrusts his hips forward again and again.
       Slapping your buttocks each time.  You reach your
       eighth orgasm being spanked and entered in this
       fashion.
               Without pulling out of you he walks to the bedroom
       and lays you back on the bed.  His member pushes
       further inside you with his weight coming down on your
       body.  Your burning ass cheeks touch the bed and you
       jerk upward to him as they do.  Finally he pulls out of
       you completely, orders you to roll over with buttocks
       in the air.  You take the kneeling position with head
       bent down resting on your hands.  You feel the head of
       his rock hard member touch your puckered hole, then
       with one quick movement he thrusts into you.  His body
       pumps back and forth pushing his rod in and out of you
       quickly.  His right hand reaches around in front of
       you, you are waiting for him to tease your clit,
       instead you feel his hand slap sharply onto your opened
       sex.  With the three stinging slap you jerk and quiver
       to orgasm, thrusting back onto his stiff member which
       is still lodged deep within you bowel.  He continues to
       spank your open pussy then withdraws from your anus.
       Slapping your still red buttocks as he does.
               "On your back," he says to you.  You have not
       completely recovered from your recent orgasms and do
       not respond quickly.  The flat of his hand slaps
       against your buttocks then down your crack to your open
       pussy.  You move faster to position yourself on your
       back.  He thrusts himself deep into your spread open
       pussy and begins to pump in and out of you as if he
       were possessed with thrusting into you as hard and fast
       as he can.  You feel his member swell more within your
       love canal then it begins to shot his cream deep within
       you.  As he thrusts in and out of you he reaches for
       your left nipple, pinches it very hard, causing you to
       moan with the pain/pleasure it causes.  Your hips buck
       upwards to take him deeper into you as his cream floods
       your inner walls.  He pinches the right nipple in the
       same manner then moves his hand to your clit and begins
       to slap at it in time with his still hard member
       slamming in and out of you.  Soon he stiffens, you feel
       his entire load of cream blast into you, at the same
       time you shake, jerk, then buck your hips upward to him
       and climax at the same time.  He lays down, his member
       still inside you, on top of you to rest.  Shortly his
       limp member falls out of you and you again feel empty.
       His fingers move to your sex, slowly his pushes them
       into you and you both sleep, his fingers staying deep
       within you.
               When you wake you notice the shadows of the room
       have changed and see that it is dusk outside now.  Your
       Master is not on the bed with you any longer.  You hear
       the jacuzzi running, so you stand and enter that room.
       Your Master is leaning back against the wall of the
       jacuzzi he sits in with his eyes closed.  You walk over
       to him, not saying anything, then kneel beside him with
       legs spread wide.  Soon he looks up to see you there.
       Your sex open to him at eye level.  His hand presses
       into your pussy and teases the flesh then he orders you
       into the pool of swirling water.  Once in, he stands
       behind you, tells you to spread your legs wide then
       positions your open sex to the jetting water flow.
       Within a few minutes your sex is reacting wildly to the
       pulsating water on the head of your clit.  Your Master
       feels your body stiffen then turns you around, pulls
       you up to him and thrusts his rigid cock into your
       wanting pussy.   He carries you out of the spa to the
       floor then tells you to ask for what you want.  You
       scream, "Fuck me Master, fuck me hard and fast, please
       Master."  He thrusts in and out of you until you
       explode with orgasm.  He is still hard, but pulls out
       of you then orders you to the playroom.
               You enter the room, taking your position in the
       center with legs spread wide and hands behind your
       head.  Your Master goes to the shelving, returning with
       a pair of nipple clamps.  He teases your nipples until
       they are firm then attaches the clips to your nipples.
       He then moves to the side of the room and unfastens a
       hook which secures a board, when lowered it becomes a
       table top, the legs are extended and snapped into
       place.  Your Master says nothing but nods his head to
       you and your quickly move to the table top.  He tells
       you to slide down to the end, with your legs hanging
       over the end.  You do so. He then goes to the shelving
       retrieving something then picks up the chair he had sat
       on earlier to spank you and places it down at the
       bottom of the table.  He places leather straps around
       your ankles, then secures them to ropes hanging from
       the ceiling.  He then secures your hands above your
       head, hooking them to a hook at the other end of the
       table.  He drags his fingers across your body as he
       walks back down to the end of the table to seat
       himself.  Within moments you feel his breath against
       your open sex.  Then his fingers spread the lips open
       wide then you feel the sting of a small willow branch
       against your clit.  You scream, pulling against your
       bonds, then the willow branch strikes your pussy and
       clit again.  Each time you yank against your bonds,
       lunging your hips upward with each blow, your screams
       turn to a howl with the pain coursing through your
       nether region.  After a dozen whips to your open pussy
       your Master stops then tells you, "This, my wife slave,
       is the punishment you will receive when disobedient or
       naughty.  As you enjoy the spankings to your ass this
       will be your form of punishment.  A punishment should
       feel like a punishment.  Giving instructional
       correction and not pleasure."  He leans down to your
       tear soaked cheek and kisses you softly.  "I'm sorry my
       little puss to have to introduce you in such a harsh
       manner.  But it is necessary for you to understand,
       that notwithstanding our marriage, you are my slave and
       must obey or suffer the consequences."
               "Yes my husband, my Master, I understand," you say
       through sobs.  His hand moves over your face and
       gently, tenderly wipes the tears from you.  He removes
       the nipple clips from your breasts, teasing the
       circulation back into the flesh.  He moves back down to
       the chair at the foot of the table and seats himself.
       You brace by stiffening your body for another blow of
       the willow switch, instead you feel the warmth of his
       tongue on your pussy.  Slowly he licks and flutters his
       tongue over your painful region, until the pain stops
       and pleasure replaces it.  Your juices flow down
       between your ass cheeks and his tongue follows the
       juice, teasing your open anus.  He stops and releases
       your bonds, pulls you down to the end of the table to
       his opened arms.  He holds you tightly for several
       minutes then pulls the chair out and away from the
       wall.  He leads you to the chair, sits down and pulls
       you over his knees and begins to slap at your buttocks.
       He administers forty spanks in quick fashion then pulls
       you up to your feet.  He orders you down to kneeling
       and bowing position.  Immediately you kneel, bow over
       so your head is resting on your arms.  He thrusts his
       rock hard cock into your dripping pussy from behind.
       His pelvis slapping into your burning ass cheeks each
       time.  You are both consumed with orgasm, again and
       again he pushes in an out of you until you both cum
       again.  His member drained of his cream, he withdraws
       from you then lays down on the floor next to you.
       Quickly you move into position over his limp member and
       begin to suck and lick it clean.  His hand finds your
       head and pets at your hair.  He then pulls you up to
       his chest, presses your down to him and holds you close
       to him.
               You both drift off to sleep.  You glow inside with
       the knowledge that this man, this Master loves you.  He
       will tend to your every need, giving pleasure to your
       body and releasing your inner self with discipline when
       you do not behave properly.  You sleep with a smile on
       your face, knowing for all of your life you shall be
       owned and loved by this man, this seductive Master.

       End of Seductive Master series.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





