BDSM Library - Atonement




Atonement
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a male slave's punishments for breaking rules of his Mistress.
Foreword: The following is a work of fiction, dealing with sexual fantasies,
adult sex, bondage and discipline.  If any these previously mentioned things
would cause you and yours embarrassment or indignation, please do not read any
further. This work of fiction is intended for the aforementioned audience, whom
hopefully will enjoy, gaining a smile from the work and sharing it with those of
a like mind.   ~ Smiling a WEG




"Atonement"
A Christmas present, for my Mistress GingerBlue
Written by the property of GingerBlue, splatter_GB
12/05/00

Smiling, I stride to the bedroom, it is my Saturday lunch break, the steady
click of my heels, ringing on the wooden floor letting my slut know I may be
coming to continue his session, little does he know this session will last
longer than the weekend. I wish to check has he finished with his first task.  I
pause before opening the door, listening to his whimpering pleas for mercy.  He
has been held since he admitted Friday afternoon, he had cum without my
permission, he thought his admission of guilt would purchase his atonement;
never realizing when I suggested we play that evening, that I had a long
weekends punishment in store for him.  He being a good slut in most respects
quickly gathered the items I requested and brought them to the bedroom, placing
the lined leather restraint cuffs on his wrists and ankles before I padlocked
them tightly shut.  As I connected the nylon ratcheting truck tie-down straps to
first his wrists and then his ankles, simply pulling up the slack in the cords
to hold him in place, before applying the pressure I wanted.  His beautiful
brown eyes flew open, in surprise, suddenly realizing there was no play going on
this evening as I slowly clicked the metal handle on each strap, bringing the
tension of nylon cording to that of a banjo string, effectively immobilizing his
bronze body in a perfect X on our king sized bed.  "Mistress please," he
stammered, as he glanced the steely determination in my eyes.  "Please my ass!
You bitch, who do you think you are, spilling Mistress's cum?"  His stammering
speech only exciting me more, I wanted him to know I was in control.  "I am
yours Mistress, your slut, your property, to do with as you please."  "That's
right slut.  You are mine, to do with as I please.  You have displeased Mistress
and you must pay for your indiscretion." I growled.  "You still have your safe
word, you may use it sissy, if you can't take your punishment."  I pronounced
slowly letting the slut know for certain, that he was to receive a lesson in
pain as punishment for his sin, knowing he would die before using that word,
such a prideful slut.  I added, for flavor the following, "Mistress, may
recognize your safe word, but then again she may not."  Laughing, I cut out the
light to room and went to the den where I leisurely sipped two glasses of white
wine as I listened to some soft music, leaving the slut uncomfortable stretched
and thinking of what else was to come.  Two hours later I returned to my slut,
dressed in full dome wear, riding crop in hand.  "Now, slut shall we begin?" 
"Mistress, your slut begs you to forgive him, you have taught him whose cum he
carries and who may give permission to spill it," my brown eyed, bronze skinned
slut mouthed, his eyes wide open, in fear, knowing the words were not going to
quell my anger.  "Not good enough, slut.  We have had this discussion before,
you told me then, you knew whose cum you carry.  I believe I must reinforce that
lesson for you."  His audible groan drew the ire of my crop, as I landed it,
three times quickly across his nipples.  "Am I not right, slut?  Did you not
tell Mistress you knew, last time we discussed this?"  I slowly trailed my crop
over his helpless body, pausing to land several quick burning blows to his body. 
"Slut, when Mistress finishes with you this time, there will be no doubt in your
mind, whose cock and balls you carry and who can grant you permission to cum. Do
you understand? Now, Mistress wants to see that cock hard. You have thirty
minutes."  That being said, I left the room in darkness again and went to find a
cheese snack while waiting. 

I returned, thirty minutes later to find my slut's cock standing at attention,
his face, colored with a sheen of sweat as he strained to maintain his erection. 
Smiling, I strode over to the bedside, looking in my overnight bag for the new
toy my slut had yet to see.  "Ah, there it is," I announced as pulled out a
black leather sleeve, I had found this item on one of the B&D toy sites, really
an ingenious toy, fashioned of leather with a two inch steel hoop in the end. 
The ingenious portion being, it worked in the same fashion as Chinese handcuffs,
once slid into place, secured with a leather drawstring at the base to of the
victims cock and pulled back, it never lost it's grip, damned nice toy, wish I
would have patented the idea myself, took three months to arrive, seemed to be a
steady backorder item, at $180.00 per each, someone was making a killing.  I put
the charges on one of my slut's credit cards, just can't remember which slut. 
Device in place, I moved on to his balls, using Velcro tie wraps I slid a two
inch steel binder ring into each strap, then placed each one high on his sac
separating each ball and giving me a point to tie off to.  I stand back to
admire my handiwork, damn such a luscious sight, and the first evening is still
young.  "Head up, worm!" I command, pulling from my bag, a leather head harness
with attachment rings, I quickly place it on his head.  "Mistress, PLEASE
forgive me."  "Slut, am I going to have to plug that mouth of yours?  I have
just begun!"  His warm brown eyes pleading for mercy, causing a warm tingle in
my thighs.  "My slut, before this weekend is over, you shall beg for
forgiveness, many times."  I quickly finished fastening his head harness, and
then chose a comfortable leather chair to rest in, as I contemplated how to
connect my slut for ultimate discipline.  I questioned my slut, as I slowly
sipped my third glass of white wine of the evening, enjoying the sound of his
southern drawl as he whimpered for mercy.  "Why did you disobey Mistress?" 
"Mistress, your slut has no excuse for his actions. He awaits your punishment,"
he bravely stated.  "Do you enjoy the pain, slut?  Has Mistress's affection for
you, confused you into believing you can withstand her wrath?"  I asked my
submissive, wondering what his answer may be.  I was mildly surprised by his
response.  "Mistress," he slowly started, "Before you claimed this one as yours,
I was troubled, constantly fighting my darkness, my mind and heart in constant
turmoil.  You taught me, to accept my darkness, to love it, revel in it by its
self, and also blend it with my light, to form a being made of sunrise and
sunsets.  I was wrong to have spilled your cum, my mistress and will accept any
punishment you see fit."  Tears formed in the corners of my eyes as I listened
to his honest speech, but I could not and would not show mercy, this clever
devil had gotten too close to me, and was to be punished for his disobedience. 
I left the room, for a short while to regain my composure.  It is not good to
allow a submissive to see his Mistress cry, returning shortly with a devious
plan in mind, I entered the room running the lights to full bright.  In my hand
I held a glass beaker, graduation lines marked plainly on the side, "Slave, you
chose to spill my cum without my permission. Your punishment is a simple one,
fill this beaker to the mark I have shown, you may produce more, but you shall
not produce less.  Should you not produce that which I ask, you shall be kept an
additional day in torment."  With that said, I released one of his hands from
binding. His free hand finding his cock, and removing my new toy, which in and
of itself a difficult task, he manages to free his cock.  Smiling knowing, I had
given him an impossible task, I retired to the study, where I pulled up on the
computer the cameras for the bedroom, this an ingenious system devised by a
former live-in slut, working on motion, the cleverly concealed cameras, which
were spread through out the household, would not operate unless motion was
detected or the system was set to record, making the system a grand burglar
alarm, but an even better system to monitor a slut's compliance.  He is such a
wonderful sight, stroking his cock with all his might attempting that which he
does not yet know is an impossible task coupled with the fact he only has one
free hand, his attempts to hold the glass beaker between his tied and spread
legs making the sight even grander.  My hand falling to my sopping wet pussy,
stroking in unison with my slut, riding crest after crest, my thumb finding my
erect clit.  My, what a long evening this may turn into.  He is troubled now,
realizing his first and best load of cum, has come nowhere near my mark for the
evening, bravely he continues, stroking with abandon, with nothing save duty and
his own mind, to help him along the way.  I ride my own hand to a fourth orgasm,
watching as he attempts his third.  This devious and impossible to complete
torture bringing to my slut the realization he will be busy all evening.  I
retire to bed to ready myself for tomorrow, knowing my slut will busy all
evening, I set the cameras to record for my future fun.  "Have you finished
yet," I call as I continue down the hallway to bed, my thighs moist, knowing the
slut could not have fulfilled my request yet.

The next morning I used the program PC Anywhere at work, to show select ladies
there, what a slut looks like in the morning.  Their amazed gasps letting me
know, they wished they could treat their husbands as such; a few asking what my
per hour training rate was, I smiled as I held four fingers in the air.

I throw open the door, running the light up to full brightness, "Slut, have you
done as Mistress asked?"  "I am close to your mark Mistress," the worm calls out
sweat dripping from every pore.  "Close is not good enough, you have the rest of
the afternoon.  Should you not be complete, you shall have to suffer my
punishment," leaving my words to hang pregnant in the air, I place a hands-free
speakerphone at the head of bed and leave to return to work.  It is a slow
afternoon at work, so to amuse myself, I call the slut as I watch him on my PC
at work, the tired but amazed look on his face priceless as he continues
attempting to fulfill my request.  "Slut you have two hours, will you be ready?" 
The pain on his face and body genuine, as he slowly states, "I am doing my best,
Mistress."  "Your best is all Mistress normally asks of you, but on this
occasion, you are to do as requested or suffer the consequences," I slowly mouth
the words, watching their crushing effect on my slut's already diminished
demeanor.  "Yes Mistress," his only response.  Making a few quick phone calls, I
leave work early, delicious thoughts of new tortures bringing moistness to my
thighs again. 

Once home, I slip out of my heels and pad silently down the hallway in stocking
feet, throwing open the door and surprising my slut as he strains to cum for who
knows which time.  Walking over to the bedside, I take his beaker and hold it to
the light; he has done remarkably well, but has missed my mark by a quarter of
an inch.  "You failed, slut.  You know what that means, don't you?"  "Yes,
Mistress another day's torment," he mouths slowly, his throat and lips dry. 
"Oh, my goodness my slut.  Mistress failed to give you anything to drink," a
devilish grin, spreading slowly cross my lips.  "Wait a moment, Mistress shall
return," taking his beaker with me, I retire to the kitchen, pulling a baby
bottle from the cupboard.  Taking his cum and pouring chocolate Slim Fast into
the beaker, I use a small, single spindle, hand blender to mix the blend before
pouring the mixture into the baby bottle and affixing an oversized nipple with
an enlarged opening to it.  Returning to the bedroom, I give my sub his supper,
telling him he must drink every drop.  As he struggles with the thick mixture, I
watch his eyes as I explain what is in his protein drink.  He obediently drinks
every drop.  I explain to him that we are going out for the evening.  His
beautiful brown eyes opening wide, at my following words as I place a three foot
spreader bar between his legs affixing it to his ankle restraints as I release
the tie-down ratchets, "You and this room are a mess, you have thirty minutes to
get this room straightened to include new sheets on the bed, these sheets in the
laundry, and yourself clean, naked and presentable in front of me in the
basement playroom.  And slut, don't even think of getting my leather restraints
wet while cleaning that body of mine."  My command delivered, I turned to begin
preparing myself for an evening out. 

Sitting in a comfortable, soft, overstuffed, leather chair in the playroom I
wait; glancing to the clock on the wall, slut has two minutes to present himself
and woe be unto him should I find drop of water one on my restraints.  I hear
him as he struggles down the steps, the spreader bar making the trip down the
stairs all the more difficult.  He presents himself, asking permission to enter. 
"Is that all the further you can spread those knees, slut?  We shall have to
work on limbering you up, I see.  You may enter, crawl to Mistress."  He crawls
to the chair and assumes a kneeling position.  "Present those wrist cuffs for
inspection, slut."  He extends his arms to me.  I stand and walk behind him,
removing the spreader bar from his leg restraints as I also inspect them for any
water drops.  "You did clean the bathroom, removing any water from the floor and
placing the dirty towels in the laundry, didn't you?"  "Yes, ma'am."  "Did you
douche that man pussy clean for Mistress?"  "Yes, ma'am."  Landing a gloved hand
sharply on his ass, I respond, "Good boy."  Knowing I will enjoy viewing his
frantic efforts later on the cameras recordings.  Get to the sawhorse quickly. 
Mistress must prepare you for our evenings pleasure.  My slut leaps at my
command, running to the sawhorse, bending over it, even fastening one of his
wrist restraints to the tie down point on the horse.  My heart swells with pride
at the sight, such a well-trained slut, as I leisurely walk around and secure
his free hand.  "Look my slut, Mistress has two additional toys for you." The
first I dangle before his face, pulling his hair to hold his head up.  "These my
slut, are vibrating balls with a remote control.  Mistress has added to them for
your pleasure additional balls of fresh ginger root; for additional pleasure, I
shall of course, insert additional capsules of ginger root powder, four I think,
in that man puss of mine to insure additional warm; this of course is for your
punishment not pleasure, my brown skinned whore."  His audible groan bringing
two quick slaps to his upturned ass.  "Silence slut, Mistress has chosen an
additional toy, holding the small tubular device in front of him.  This, my
slut, is a control collar, used in the training of dogs, it has a range of a
quarter mile and is of course remote controlled.  The controls have intensity
levels.  I shall try all the settings before the evening is done to find which
please me most.  It has been modified to fit under your sac, rather than your
neck, the charge it delivers, will be more fully appreciated where I am placing
it."  Walking behind my slut, I trail my gloved fingers over his back, the thin
latex dragging slowly to his rosebud.  Applying lubricant to the first ball, I
hold it to his red bud, rolling over it slowly before forcing it past and into
his man pussy.  Pausing, I take a ginger root powder capsule and with two
fingers force it to my slut's man clit, rubbing it hart into his clit until I
feel it crumble and break.  "Is that good for Mistress's little whore?" I ask,
laughing as I insert the next ball, a ball of raw ginger root to add to his
burn.  "Thank you, Mistress," my sluts only reply.  I continue slowly, enjoying,
inserting the additional balls and breaking the three other capsules of ginger
root powder over his man clit. The tail end of the balls a small butt plug
containing the motor and remote control device.  I insert it slowly into my
slut, teasing him as I rotate it in, and pull it out slowly, before finally
placing it deep within him, the oval butt end tight, between his ass cheeks. 
Grinding it with one hand, round and round slowly, I look into my sluts eyes, as
I land another stinging hand to his upturned ass.  "Oh my, slut.  Mistress just
loves the look in those brown eyes, and adores the sight of her red hand print
on that white ass of yours," as I land another slap to the other cheek for
matching effect.  Walking around the horse, I release his wrist restraints and
order him to stand.  Pressing the on button, I start the balls in his ass
vibrating slowly, watching his eyes, before placing his control collar under his
sack, cinching it tightly in place, the tube firmly in contact with the lower
side of his sac and his ass.  I watch his eyes, close as he tries to retain
composure when I press the remote on the collar.  "That slut, was level 5, there
are a total of twelve levels, for you to enjoy this evening," I snicker, a
wickedly evil grin crossing my lips.  "I see slut you saved yourself additional
punishment, by reattaching Mistress's new cock leash.  Good boy! Just a few more
items and we will be ready to go."  Leaving his restraint cuffs in place, as I
have a use in mind for the leg restraints and I want his wrist restraints
visible to the public, I quickly attach a three-inch wide, black patent leather
slave collar with tie-points to his neck.  "Thank you Mistress, for the
beautiful collar," my slut breathed softly.  "You are welcome, my slut.  Oh my,
slut, Mistress has forgotten your perky little brown nipples."  Walking over to
the built-in toy drawers and cabinets, I chose the additional items I need to
complete his attire for the evening.  I chose a set of heavy thumb screw
adjustable nipple clips with lead chains, these a set that were made as a
specialty item for me by a local machine shop, heavy weighing about an ounce
each, they formed a one inch square about a quarter inch in width, with a rubber
coated pressure plate within, thumbscrew adjustable pressure via two thumbscrews
to insure even application of pressure, with a captive nuts at the base of the
thumbscrews to lock in place insuring once the desired pressure was attained
they would not back out and release.  These, a gift to me, from a former client,
she so appreciated my lessons in domination of her slut husband.  Wetting one of
my fingers in my sluts mouth, I draw slow circles around his nipples, smiling as
they grow erect to my touch, I again watch his eyes as I tighten first one then
the second clamp into place, placing each clamp back on the areola as I pull his
nipples forward with thumb and forefinger, insuring I have a painful grip, I
ask, "Can you feel that burning down to your groin, my little bitch?"  Through
clenched teeth, he responds, "Yes Mistress."  "Good," I respond as I disconnect
the linking chain between the pair and attach light chain to them, extending
them to connect first to the ring in the leather cock collar then, pulling all
three tight with one an additional chain, passing it between his ass cheeks up
to the attachment point on the back of his collar.  "Bow your head slut," I
growl, wanting to see if my rig has its desired effect.  I smile as he grimaces,
pulling his tortured nipples and cock with the one motion.  "Chin on chest, my
slut, that half bow shit does not get it in this house," My hand finding his
lovely ass again with a resounding slap.  "Mistress told you, another day's
torment did she not?"  His voice nearly breaking he answers, "Yes, Ma'am.  I
turn the intensity level on the control collar attached to his sac to level 8
and press the button on the remote, holding it for three seconds, watching as he
fights desperately to maintain his position.  "Level 8, my submissive, do you
think you can withstand level 12?" I ask.  He whimpers in a low moan, "If
Mistress chooses, this slut will bear."  "How's that man puss, doing my slut?" I
ask, as I increase the vibration level on the balls in his ass.  "The burn in my
ass Mistress, is met by the burn in my nipples, my groin is on fire" My hand
lands with a resounding smack, hard on his ass, twice, "You do not have an ass,
slut.  You have a man pussy made for my pleasure. Do not make that mistake
again.  Do you understand?"  His whimpering response, music to my ears, "Yes,
Mistress."  Checking the Velcro straps encircling his balls and separating his
sac, I am pleased they are tight, but not so tight they will cause permanent
damage, the goal being to punish, not castrate my slut.  Using an additional set
of straps, I place them above his knees putting a small ring in back, behind the
knee, I then connect the rings on the straps to his balls with thin cording,
routing the cord through the ring behind his knee and attaching to his ankle
restraints.  The devious purpose of these, to cause pain with each step and
extreme pain as the slut kneels, as he is instructed to do now, so I might gauge
if this rigging need adjustment.  I am pleased with the result, my slut's nuts,
stretching and turning a lovely shade of purple.  "I believe we are ready to go
now, once Mistress chooses an outfit for you.  I have given some thought to
this, wanting my slut to complement my own outfit, I have selected a pair of
loose black chino style slacks, these looking exactly like standard slacks,
except for the Velcro closures, which allow me to strip my slut with the
movement of one hand, should I chose to display him in public.  For his shirt I
have selected a deep red, short-sleeved golf shirt, again with hidden Velcro to
allow me to strip him for inspection or humiliation, the collar hiding the
attachment chain running up to his collar.  For shoes black penny loafers with
crew cut black cotton socks will finish his outfit nicely.  For myself, I have
chosen a knee length black silk dress, slit up one side to thigh, its low
neckline cut revealing the sides of my unfettered breasts, its soft material
causing my nipples to harden and protrude.  Black stocking with red leather
six-inch heels, finish the outfit, my finishing touch, a large gold charm on a
gold rope necklace, the charm, a cherished gift from this slut depicts a lioness
mounting a lion and is set to dangle enticingly between my breasts.  Placing the
remote controls in a small, black matching clutch bag, I motion for my slut to
follow me to the garage and while backing the car out, give him the following
rules, "You are to walk behind me, three feet and to my right.  When I have
stopped to look at merchandise, you are to come to my side and kneel, head
bowed.  You are to speak, only if spoken to.  At dinner, I will order your meal. 
Failure to follow these rules or any other of my commands will result in instant
discipline via your cock collar. Any questions?"  He answers in a thoroughly
submissive, "No ma'am." 

The drive to the mall was uneventful I parked within two hundred feet of the
entrance and strode in, slut in tow.  Nearing six pm in the evening there was
plenty of time left for shopping.  I love shopping almost as much as I love
dominating my sluts.  Entering the first large department store drew first
stares at myself from the husbands shopping with their wives, then at my slut by
both the wives and husbands as they noticed, first the restraint cuffs on his
wrists and then his collar.  I should not have to elaborate what the husbands
were noticing, some with blatant lust in their eyes, not knowing of course they
would have an extreme price to pay to sample a glimpse of any more of my charms. 
I simply flashed my sultry, seductive smile at them, blowing them kisses, just
at the moment their wives happened to look up, knowing they would have hell to
pay, attempting to explain my actions to their wives.  I pause in the sundries
section looking at silk scarves they are on sale and work so well to restrain a
slut in training.  Looking, I see my slut has failed to follow my earlier
command, growling under my breath I reach for the remote control in my bag as I
fiercely mouth the word "SLUT" loud enough for only he and I to hear as I twist
the intensity level to 10 and hold the button down for five full seconds.  His
reaction, immediate as he falls to his knees at my side, writhing in pain, "A
thousand pardons, my mistress. I should have paid more attention.  It will not
happen again."  Turning the dial to 12 and holding the button down for three
seconds, I respond, "It had better not."  Continuing my shopping, I turn to my
next love, the shoe department.  The male clerk there somewhat taken aback by my
slut's submissive stance, I with a cold cutting glare of my blue eyes ask him,
"Do you have a problem? Or would you like me to cause you problems?"  He
stammered in a most delightful way, "No problems ma'am.  Is there anything I can
show you, that interests you this evening?"  "As matter of fact, there are
several items I would like to see," pointing out the items and taking a chair
presenting my foot to the stammering fool, his eyes growing larger as he notices
my slightly parted legs, my stocking held in place with a garter belt, my
closely trimmed bush as uncovered as my breasts.  I tried several pair, finally
selecting a pair of six-inch, black stilettos, I felt would look so grand,
firmly planted in a sluts balls.  I pass a business card to the stammering shoe
salesman, explaining to him as I departed, my training rate for new submissive
males without partners was six hundred dollars an hour, four hundred dollars for
those with partners.  Handing my bags to my slut, as we turned to leave I
noticed him placing the card in his wallet.  Oh, this is too easy some days.  We
continue down the mall, finding another of my loves, a specialty lingerie shop;
upon entering I stopped at the sales table, my slut quickly assumes his
position.  The young sales girl's face breaking into a wickedly evil grin as I
held up a pair of purple, crotch-less, high waist panties and ask, "Do you have
these in red also. To fit him?"  "Oh yes ma'am," she gleefully answered,  "Is
there anything else you would like to see?"  "Yes child, I would like matching
garter belts in both colors and black stocking, please."  As she rang up the
sale, she complemented the training and conditioning of my slut, saying she was
still working on hers.  I passed her my card and said, "If you find you need
help call me, sessions for dome's with subs are only a hundred dollars an hour,
payable by the sub, of course."  "Thank you.  Mistress?" "Mistress Blue, my
child. Call me if you need me."  "Thank you, ma'am I shall.  Oh by the way, love
your charm."  Smiling, I thanked her, as I handed the additional packages to my
slut, looking closely at his countenance to gauge how the ginger root is
working.  "How's my man pussy, my slut?" I coyly ask, knowing it must be on fire
now.  "Your man pussy is hot and burning, my Mistress, praying for relief," he
softly answers between clenched teeth.  "Relief, my slut will be a long time
coming.  Much as I would guess it to be, a long time before you foolishly chose
to spill my cum again, without permission," I slowly growl, reaching to brush
his brown hair with my fingers, before he stands to follow me, I chose to allow
him a small amount of relief and cut off the vibrating balls.  His large brown
eyes sparkling as he thanks me softly.  One more favorite place left to visit, a
grand leather shop catering to bondage and more importantly discipline.  The
selection in this regard nearly bringing moistness to my thighs, this enhanced
by the fact that their three large mirrored dressing rooms equipped with
restraint points and sound proofing were large enough to easily accommodate
testing of their devices, which only increased my excitement.  My slut's brown
eyes flew open wide, in recognition and fear, this shop, especially the dressing
rooms, a place he had been introduced to early in his training.  "Your fear is
showing, my submissive.  Was Mistress too cruel during your last visit here?" I
asked, a slow smile spreading over my lips.  "The memories are vivid, my
Mistress.  I accept that which you give and thank you.  I have not learned to
accept and channel the pain, learning from it; so it is difficult for me to
accept it."  He softly and apologetically answered.  He is not a pain slut, one
of those, who displease me so that they might be punished, enjoying the
punishment.  I know that, but the object of the weekend is to punish him for
disobeying me.  That in mind, I command him to secure a dressing room, while I
browse the selection, knowing the waiting, for him will be worse punishment than
that which I give.  I chose several awesome whips, a cat-o-nine tails, a few
wonderfully limber crops and a pair of skin-tight leather bikini shorts in his
size.  To further torture, I bring each item to the dressing room singularly,
laying it on the floor before his kneeling person, asking him to inspect the
items.  As I enter with the last item, I command him to strip, which he quickly
does, returning to his kneeling position when complete.  "Oh no, my slut.  To
the wall with you." I order.  He obediently complies, even affixing one wrist
with the wall restraint tie-point.  "Good, boy.  Now Mistress wants you to turn
your head to the far wall, so that she might see your face in the mirror and so
that you can see your strokes as they are delivered."  I walk over to lash his
free wrist to the wall, carrying one of the six-foot whips, which I trail slowly
over his skin.  "Will it take this to teach you whose cum you carry?" I mummer
softly, erotically, my mouth inches from his ear.  The sound of his whimpering
response causing my juices to flow, "This one may not chose the punishment
Mistress chooses to deliver, only bear and learn from."  Stepping back, with the
whip circling over my head, I land it with a resounding crack on the wood
backboard he is attached to, peeling out a section of wood.  "Ah, nice to see I
haven't lost my touch," I coo softly, the flash of fear in his eyes, as I
brought the blow to bear within four inches of his flesh, rejuvenating the
dampness between my legs.  Trailing the cat-o-nine tails over his luscious white
ass, I whisper in his ear, "Remember this toy?"  His eyes opening wide, a lump
in his throat, he replies hoarsely "Yes Mistress."  "Many stings with just one
swing," I laugh, remembering his first punishment with the device.  Stepping
back, I circle the many tails landing them firmly on his ass, watching his eyes
close as he attempts to deal with the pain.  Circling them to land again, I
command, "Open your eyes, do not hide your pain from Mistress."  He struggles
with this command, not wishing to show his tears as the cat lands for the fourth
time, but manages to comply, saving himself from additional strokes.  The riding
crop I had selected, was truly a work of art, fitting in my hand like a glove,
with this I traced the inside of his thighs, inquiring how my man pussy was
holding up to the heat, smiling at his response.  "I had forgotten the ginger my
Mistress, such my fear of your whips."  Walking near, grabbing his hair, pulling
his ear close to my mouth I said, "That it is good, boy.  You should fear them." 
Landing a few well placed blows to his ass and sac with the new crop, I loosed
one of his hands, instructing him to free himself, put on the leather bikini
shorts and the rest of his clothes and to met me a the checkout desk.  I paid
for the purchases, his shorts and the ridding crop, complementing the store
staff on their selection and turned to leave.  Needing to freshen up, I headed
for the mall restrooms.  Why, developers chose to put restrooms at the end of
long winding corridors, inviting rift raft to gather is beyond me, fortunately
the hall appeared clear, as I instructed my slut to kneel and wait by the door. 
My freshening up was interrupted by the sound of taunts and jeers from coming
from just outside the restroom door.  "Faggot"  "Look at the queer"  "It won't
even hold his head up" the voices of three young street toughs, who must have
been in the restroom looking for phone numbers to find dates, rang out.  I
strode out confidently to confront them.  "He is not a faggot, filth.  He my
property, doing as I asked." "Whooaaa, look at this baby guys," the supposed
leader of this group of swarthy punks, spouts.  "She looks like she wants us
guys, check her out."  "I could probably teach you some manners, and would not
mind laying a whip to your asses.  If you could find a bath, and renew your acne
prescriptions." I respond, with a sinking feeling this is going to get ugly
shortly.  The click of a knife being opened confirms my fears.  I continue
non-pulsed, "If you gentlemen, would clear the way, we are leaving now."  "You
ain't going nowhere, bitch, the knife wielding punk snarls.  There are several
sounds in life, that heard once, are burnt into memory, their purpose clear to
the person hearing them; the sound a pump shotgun makes as a shell slides into
the chamber, the sound of Mistress displeased and the sound of a 38 special,
snubbed nosed revolver as the hammer is cocked back.  It was the last two sounds
the punks heard, and though they were not aware of the danger in the sound my
voice, they had no doubts concerning the dangers of the pistol I pulled from my
clutch bag.  "If, you stupid assholes, wish to have your nuts removed with a
hollow point 38 special, I can help you.  You've made the mistake of bringing a
knife to gun fight.  I promise I will win this one."  One glance in my eyes,
coupled with the direction my trusty protection was pointing, left them one
sensible choice, retreat.  Turning to my slut, I said, "You did well."  "They
would not have touched you, my Mistress.  Bound as I am, my brown belt would
have sufficed to take care of them," he responded.  "Thank you, my sub.  But
Mistress can take care of herself also.  Hungry?  I am starved." I smile,
knowing his words to be true, but not wanting the headache from the police, had
I let him loose on the punks.

My slut had additional humiliation coming in the parking garage, as I commanded
him to strip to his leather shorts and met me on the first level of the garage
in three minutes; we were parked on the third level.  I cranked and backed the
car, rolling down the window and instructing him, should he not be at the
entrance when I got there, I would leave him for the mall police.  He was
covered in a sheen of sweat, face painted with pain from the run, but he made it
to the entrance, as instructed, gathering many stares in the process.  "Good
Boy," I cooed as I unlocked the passenger door's electric lock, allowing him
entrance to my two-door, red Mercedes coupe.  "Get dressed, Dinner is our next
stop." I command.  He struggles with his clothes as we pull out of the garage
heading for one of my favorite restaurants, offering a wonderful seafood menu
and a superb wine list.

Blue lights of a police cruiser behind us, have me wondering, what is going on,
has some prude called the police complaining of indecent exposure?  My fears
subside as I recognize the police officer approaching the car, she being a
former student of mine, and now a fearsome dome in her own right.  I had
personally witnesses her turn prideful sluts to obedient submissive ones, in
just one short evenings training.  "Is there a problem, Officer?" I ask offering
my license and registration through the open window.  "Mistress Blue! How are
you, my friend?" Officer Laurie asked.  "Oh I am fine, just out for a evenings
training with my slut," I answer.  Her flashlight plays its way over to my
struggling sub.  "Passenger, step out of the car" she orders.  My poor sub still
trying to get his pants on complies with her order.  Her Billy club, planted in
his crotch, she inspects my rigging, "Nice work, Mistress." "Bow your head,
passenger," she orders, wanting to see the effect of the rigging.  My sub
quickly complies, stretching his nipples and cock.  "Head up and kneel,
passenger," she orders, giving me a quick grin.  Her Billy club finds my subs
mouth, parting his lips, "Suck it, passenger."  He obeys, wondering have I set
up him up.  "You have done, a great job with this one, Mistress Blue."  "Thank
you, Officer Laurie.  Now may I ask why you pulled us over?"  "There was some
assault complaints, issued by some street punks back at the mall.  I have them
at the station now.  They described you and your sub perfectly.  Care to tell me
what really happened?"  I laughed out loud, as I quickly explained what had
transpired.  "Sounds to me, Mistress Blue as though, those "gentlemen" need a
lesson in manners.  I have just the cell for it back at the station.  Thank you,
have a good evening.  Sorry to have troubled you this evening."  "No, problem
officer." I respond.  "Call me this evening, I get off at eleven," she mouths
silently, "I would love to help you with the training of your sub," she finishes
just loud enough for me to hear.  "Passenger, get dressed and back in the car,"
she commands as she walks slowly back to the cruiser.  I almost pity the street
punks, imagining there incarceration under Officer Laurie's discipline, guessing
they will be changed people when released.   

It is now, 8.30pm the height of the dinner hour, I smile recognizing the Maitre
D' as a former client, I ask for and receive, to the chagrin of five waiting
couples, a table for two, in the center of the restaurant, with one chair.  My
slut is confused, but I quickly explain he is to kneel at my side, ass on heels
and head bowed as I enjoy dinner.  Wearing his humiliation and pain, like a
suit, he quickly complies, realizing his punishment continues until I am
satisfied he has learned his lesson.  I order a bottle of white wine to go with
my fish entree, enjoying the stares of the patrons in the crowded restaurant
combined with the pained humiliation of my submissive almost as much as the meal
itself.  I quietly explain to my sub, what awaits him when we return home,
enjoying taunting him with tortures to come, as I slowly sip my second glass of
wine.  I signal to the Maitre D' asking him to bring a chair to the table.  I
order oysters on the half shell for my sub's supper, explaining to him he must
eat both orders as he has yet to fulfill my first task.  His brown eyes opening
wide as he realizes he must still fill the beaker to my mark, or remain in
torment.  "Mistress, please" he begs, his voice breaking, "It is an impossible
task, you give your submissive to complete."  "You almost completed the task
yesterday. You will complete it today or remain in torment," I coldly reply. 
"You chose to spill my cum without my permission, you will complete the task I
have given you, or remain in torment until you complete it.  Do you understand?"
the words cold and cruel off my lips cutting him in half.  "Yes Mistress," his
subdued reply.  I allowed him one glass of wine, with his dinner and ordered
coffee to complete the meal.  Passing him a small vial, I command, "Use this as
your cream."  His befuddled look, priceless as he slowly realizes the contents
of the vial to be his own cum.  The toe of my shoe finding his crotch and
pressing it, as the cell phone in my purse rings,  "Oh really? Yes Officer
Laurie, I would be happy to identify, the thugs who attacked us in the mall. 
Meet you, at your Place?  Great!"  "Oh my slut, you are soon to see your
mistress at her wicked best!" I quietly exclaim, the thoughts of payback dancing
in my head.

Officer Laurie, had transported the hoods to what they thought was a police
holding tank, it was a holding tank, sure enough, one where submissive sluts
were held, to watch the tortures of their brethren.  The young hoods had no idea
of what was in store for them, as they all loudly clamored, "That's her, she's
the one," as I walked into the room submissive in tow.  Their eyes opening wide
in fear, as Officer Laurie stepped out in full leather dome wear, ridding crop
in hand.  "It that right, gentlemen?" she asked, tapping the crop in her open
hand.  Confused, the three continued with their chorus, hoping I guess that the
blame for their sins would pass to someone else.  Enjoying the show, I ordered
my submissive to a corner of the room to kneel, but watch, as these thugs were
taught manners, in a most painful fashion.  Their jaws dropped in unison, as I
stepped next to Officer Laurie and asked, "May I help you, sister?"  Officer
Laurie, flashing a wickedly evil grin, "but of course sister," as she reached
into the holding tank to remove the supposed leader of the gang.  His protests
of innocence falling on deaf ears as he was lead and secured to a St. Andrews
Cross on the far side of the room; his clothes cut off him, and a dildo ball gag
stuffed in his mouth to stifle his screams.  I looked out the corner of my eye
to try to gauge the reaction of my submissive, he sat impassively watching, his
body still, his face blank as he watched.  Oh, he was making Mistress proud to
own him.  The leader of the punks was sobbing for mercy inside ten minutes of
pain, little did he know that for him, pain had just begun.  As I slipped into
the side area dressing room, and changed to my leather dome outfit, matching
Officer Laurie's in every respect save she was wearing red leather and I my
traditional black.  Our tag team bad dome, bad dome routine, had the punks in
the holding cell crying before we even touched them, as put their leader though
the paces, asking him, questions with no correct answers, insuring he received
additional punishment whatever, his response.  My hand tightly griping his sac,
as I leaned in close to his ear to ask, "Do you think I want you now, punk?" 
His stammering response of, "No ma'am,"doing nothing, to save his nuts a vicious
tug and twist, as I correct him,  "Wrong, answer punk, I have you exactly where
I want you."  Leaning close to whisper in his ear as I watch his eyes, "Is that
ass of yours virgin, slut?"  Laughing at his fearful response, I signal to
Officer Laurie, her smile widening, as I ask, "Did you do a body cavity check of
the prisoners?"  The slut on the cross, moaning loudly, he aware before the
others, the implication of my speech.  "No sister, I did not, thank you for
reminding me," Officer Laurie quickly responded, freeing the prisoner from the
cross and dragging him to a sawhorse to restrain in a position favoring body
cavity search.  The young punk screamed, as first two then three of Officer's
Laurie's expert fingers found their way into his tight ass, "Hush" I admonished
as I stuffed my large, black, patent leather strap-on in his mouth, "Look at
what's next!"  The slut, squealed like a girl, as I entered him, grabbing his
hips and pulling him onto my cock, "I told you, I had you exactly where I wanted
you, punk."  I glance again, at my slut, thinking I saw just a glimmer of
jealousy in his eyes as I rode first one then all the punks that evening.  Let
it be said, that for this one instance justice was served, that evening to the
early morning light, each of the three punks involved receiving a detailed
lesson in obedience, something their parents and the schools system had failed
in, Officer Laurie and myself started them in a way they should walk, continuing
their training for the week they were held in "custody," hell their parents even
called to thank the police chief, for "scaring their sons, straight." 

I looked to my submissive that knelt impassive, during the punks first night of
training, noticing what I thought may have been a tear, flowing down his cheek. 
"Slut, what is that on your face?" I asked.  "It is nothing, my mistress," he
answered.  Walking to where he knelt, holding his chin in my hand, looking
closely to his face, I asked, "Nothing, my submissive, resembles tears to your
Mistress.  Now, tell me for whom or why do you weep."  "It is nothing my
Mistress, this one only wishing to be receiving the attentions others were
given, this evening, is all," he slowly answered, fearing my response.  My hand,
brushed his hair softly as I answered, "Oh, my slut, Mistress has not forgotten
you and your warm man pussy, she and Mistress Laurie fully intend to taste your
pleasures before this evening is over."  "Thank you, my Mistress," he answered
as another tear ran down his face, this one, though of joy, it would appear. 
Leaving the punks in the holding cell, so that they might contemplate what else
awaited them during the rest of their training, I signaled to Laurie, that it
was time for her to join me in my playroom in the basement of my home.  Laurie
smiling growled a few brief instructions to the prisoners, before she turned to
join us, as we departed the "station" for my home.

I departed with a thirty-minute head start, wanting to have my slut, properly
displayed for punishment and pleasure in our basement playroom.  To the basement
I order my slut, as I pull into the garage, "Strip and be ready for, my
instructions when I arrive" Having him stand, I quickly rearrange his rigging,
to cause him additional torment as I place him in a frame, tying his cock
restraint off in such a manner as to keep his knees bent and ass in the air,
tying his ball restraints so that any movement on his part away from the loving
of his man pussy will, stretch his balls painfully, finishing by tying his
nipples to the floor to keep him bent, ass in air.  His arms and ankles tied to
the frame, which really just serves to keep him in position to be used, and
tensioned against the floor.  Laurie, arrives just at I slowly pull the
vibrating balls from his ass, asking, "How is Mistress's man pussy, now slut?" 
His low moan, bringing wetness to my thighs with his answer, "Hot and ready for
your use, Mistress!"  "Do you have pussy enough to please us both, slut?"  I
ask, my hand slapping his upturned ass, causing him to jump and cause additional
pain to himself.  "Answer, me slut.  Can you service both of us?  At the same
time, in that man pussy?"  My slut moans softly, "It would be my pleasure
mistress."  I release my slut, leading him to a prone Laurie, watching as his
hungry man pussy takes her strap-on, walking over, I slowly fuck his mouth with
mine, before joining Laurie in his man pussy, we take our time slowly and
completely fucking my slut, daring him not cum, reminding him he still has to
fulfill, my earlier task, before he will be released from torment.  Returning
our well fucked and stretched slut to a restraint chair, I tie him down leaving
one hand free, hand him his beaker and turn to go, turning on the video replay
of the evening on the big screen mounted on the opposite wall.  Laurie and I,
retire upstairs to shower as I return to computer, pulling up video records of
the past three weeks, there it is, the reason, I had started this punishment of
my slut, not for what he had alluded to in his confession, but an earlier
transgression he had failed to mention even though I had given him opportunity
to confess.  "Oh, slut!" his brown eyes brilliantly shining as he answered,
"Yes, Mistress."  "Slut, Mistress has found something, something which is going
to cause you additional torment, something which has caused me to call your job
and schedule your vacation for the next two weeks; two weeks of torment, I might
add," I answer watching the blood drain from his face as he realizes what I have
said.  "Mistress, this one has done nothing, to incur your wrath," his words
tailing into nothing as I start the recording sequence from three Saturdays ago. 
"Nothing, my submissive?  This resembles something to me," I coldly answer as I
watch, I have to give my submissive a little credit for taste, there playing
back on the big screen TV in the den is one of his first training sessions, one
where I and two other dome's took turns at his man pussy.  My slut, was ridding
one of my favorite swords and spilling my cum, as he watched the tape. 
"Anything to say for yourself my slut?"  "I await your punishment, my Mistress,"
he answered softly.  With a low growl I responded, "That you do, my bitch, that
you most assuredly do!"

I left him in the chair, as I paced the floor around him, the sharp click of my
heels on the concrete the only sound in the room.  I thought out loud, in
frustration and to temper his fear "Where have I gone wrong in your training? 
Were you not told, you must tell all to Mistress?  That there is nothing you can
hide from her?  Don't answer me, slut.  I do not want to hear any whining excuse
from you.  Know however, that there is no such thing as a good excuse.  I have
been gentle to a fault with you in your training not wishing to break your
spirit.  You now force me to release the animal in me to thoroughly dominate
you. You have never seen this side of me, my submissive. Your safe word, will do
you little good now."  His brown eyes opening wide and lump forming in his
throat, my slut was beginning to taste fear, shortly he was to taste pain in
manner he had never imagined. Releasing him from the chair, I order him to the
examination table, pulling the examination table's attachments for legs out, I
quickly place my slut's legs in the stirrups and bind them there, leaving his
ass hanging over the end of the table and spreading his legs wide open. 
"Mistress thinks she should mark you, mark you in such a manner that you will
never forget it, nor will you ever forget whose cum you carry.  The choice is
yours slut, branding iron or tattoo...let me forewarn you, the marking will be
on your cock."  The wide-eyed fear in my slut's eyes, quickly turned to terror
as he stammered, "Mistress, please not that."  "SILENCE, slut.  You chose to lie
to Mistress, now you are going to bear the consequences."  Pulling a vial from
out of the examination table storage drawers, I began to work the oil within
with latex gloved hand, onto my slut's nipples, balls, cock and ass, three
fingers plunging deeply into him.  "This my slut, is punishment.  It is not the
ginger oil you are such a slut for. It is cayenne pepper powder blended with the
oil, much hotter, much longer and as your eyes tell me much quicker than ginger
root."  I almost felt pity for my slut, almost.  But this slut had lied, and was
going to pay for that lie in pain, until I felt he had learned his lesson.  "Now
slut, quickly what shall your marking be?"  "Tattoo," he moaned softly between
clenched teeth.  Teeth that I pried open for him with one gloved hand, then
slowly fucked his mouth with the same fingers that had just been deeply inserted
in his ass, still coated with the cayenne pepper oil and his ass goop to add to
his torment.  "Clean Mistress's gloves, whore.  I don't want any of your man
pussy juice on my new gloves!"  I commanded.  His tears told me what I already
knew, this thick red oil made tiger balm appear to be a soothing salve.  My rage
was of such his tears would not deter me.  LIE to Mistress. Try to hide
something from her!  I had never shown my animal side to this slut, not fully
anyway.  He was going to receive pain in ways he had never thought of.  I have
had and still carry in my stable, sluts who were pain sluts, those who
displeased me on purpose so that they might be punished.  For them punishment is
pleasure, I did not make them such, their parents or others had done that long
before I laid a whip to them.  This slut was never programmed to accept pain as
pleasure, only to accept pain as punishment. I'm not speaking of nipple clamps
and cock and ball torture. This punishment is to be long and arduous, his spirit
may be broken to non-repairable by the time I finish this learning session,
right now I am so mad, I don't care. Knowing this, I leave the room to regain my
composure. I turn on one heel with the words "Think on it."  Leaving my slut in
heated torment, allowing his mind to torture him in ways I have yet to devise,
something I have used often on this slut that never fails me for result.
 
Retiring to upstairs, I poured white wine and sipped as I made the necessary
phone calls.  Pouring a second glass, I sat and contemplated tortures for my
slut, things he despised for starters like servicing four of my male slaves,
slaves with the command that they are not to cum, very well trained slaves. 
Having to watch as I have my way with them one at a time with my large black
patent leather strap-on (his favorite one), watch and write of the session in
detail and rewrite the work, should I be displeased. OH and lets not forget the
tattoo, should I put my full dome name across the length of his cock or should I
show a small amount of mercy and abbreviate Mistress to MS., decisions,
decisions.  First though, I will give him an opportunity to escape this torture,
an opportunity to leave my service, I know his answer before I ask the question,
but I shall ask him anyway, to give him the chance to back out not for my
conscience but allow him the choice.

Returning to my slut two hours latter, I walked slowly towards him, riding crop
in hand dressed in my full leather "bitch" dome dress, my heels clicking on the
concrete with each deliberate step.  His beautiful brown eyes, wide open in
pain, the pepper oil burning him to the point of tears.  I apply my crop to his
soft inner thighs before moving to his ear to whisper, "Are you ready for
torment?  Do you have any idea what Mistress has in store for you?  I shall tell
you for starters my slut, you shall service with your mouth and ass, four of my
very well trained male slaves, slaves who will be commanded not to cum.  You
however must with your mouth and ass, make them cum.  Your hands will be
immobile, as you will be wearing the black leather strait jacket on the wall
over there.  That is for starters, you shall then kneel and watch as I have my
way with each of them with your favorite black leather patent leather strap-on,
you shall clean my strap-on between sessions with each with your mouth and then
you shall write of the tale to my satisfaction.  Do you understand?"  "Yes
Mistress," his somber response. "You chose to marked with tattoo.  You have no
tattoos. Do you realize the pain involved?  I have decided to show you some
mercy, in that I will not put my full Mistress name down the length of * my
*cock but shall instead simply put "Blue's" down the length and finish off with
a blue teardrop with a red rose floating in it slightly smaller than a quarter
on the head of * my * cock, so that you will never, ever, forget who owns you
and that your cum is mine.  This will be a very painful process, one in which
you must maintain an erection during the marking.  I allow you this once chance,
to forgo this punishment.  The chance is simple. You will leave my service. Do
you understand, what I am tell you?"  His response bold, given his
circumstances, knowing of his punishments yet to come, "NEVER, my Mistress. This
one shall never leave your service of his own will."  "Brave words my slut. 
Know however those words will do nothing to temper your punishment.  You
understand that, don't you?"  Tears, perhaps from the cayenne pepper or perhaps
of shame, flowed like water down the cheeks of my submissive as he answered, "I
understand, my Mistress.  I shall bear your punishment and attempt not to shame
you further with my actions during punishment."  Damn him, those eyes would have
to be covered, the rich brown orbs filled with so much passion, so willing to do
ANYTHING to please me, were a weakness for me.  I used them to gauge his
punishment, the level of pain he might be feeling; he used them as beacons of
light, shining brightly even when being punished.  No, they would have to be
covered, they told me more than I wanted to know.  "You have made your choice,
prepare yourself.  I intend to mark you, body, mind and soul," With those words
I left the room to finish making the preparations necessary for slut's
punishment.

My four, well endowed male slaves were assembled and marched in behind me,
clothed only in leather chaps as I returned to the playroom.  "Ready, slut?" I
asked as I strolled over to the wall to fetch the leather straight jacket.  I
loved this piece, so simple in design, yet so binding with the closure of four
buckles.  "You realize what you are to do? Don't you?  Arms forward now.  Why
the look my slut?  Did you think Mistress was going to release you from the exam
table?  OH NO!  See you are going to have to satisfy these slaves, and in the
process you are going to have to beg them to allow you to drink their cum and
fill your ass."  The look on his face priceless as he realized, that not only
was he to service these slaves, but he was going to have to beg them to allow
him to do so.  "That's right my slut, Mistress told you were going to have to do
this, she just didn't tell you exactly how.  First however Mistress must douche
that man puss of yours, she doesn't want the pepper oil to add to these slaves
pleasure and perhaps take them over the edge before time.  I quickly filled the
slut with warm water and soap commanding another to bring a bucket to catch the
slop.  "One other thing my slut," as I cinched the straps to the strait jacket
tight, "A blindfold."  His low audible moan of grief, unmistakable in it's
sincerity as he accepted the blindfold.  "Begin begging, bitch" my cold command.

My four slaves had been given four instructions, prior to entering the room. 
One. To make him plead, beg, cry and whimper for their affections before
allowing him to service them.  They were not to allow him to service them, until
they received a signal from me.  Two. When they allowed him to service them,
they were to do so in pairs, one in his mouth and the other in his ass. Three.
They were not to cum, until I signaled them and then only in his mouth.  Four.
They were not to cause him physical harm. That was to be reserved entirely for
me.  They understood failure to follow these instructions to the letter, would
bring each one a special hell devised by me.  I moved to my throne, a large,
soft, black leather, overstuffed chair on a raised dais allowing a commanding
view of the playroom. 

My slut begged, pleaded, whimpered and cried for forty-five minutes, before I
heard the words come from his mouth I wanted to hear.  One slave had asked "Why
should we allow you our cum?"  My slut answered voice breaking, tears flowing
from under his blindfold, "Please sir, I am the property of Mistress Blue, her
slut, her man toy, her cunt, I am hers body and soul, and she has commanded that
I service you.  Please allow me to do so."  With that I raised my hand and gave
the signal to start, and start they did enjoying my slut's tight man pussy and
soft mouth, alternating between the four slaves to prevent prematurely spilling
my cum.  They used his mouth and ass for almost an hour, before I gave the
signal to cum.  They then one by one slowly fucked my slut's mouth, savoring
their own freedom and enjoying the task at hand.  I would guess this was another
hour of mouth stretching and ass fucking, an hour punctuated by my slut begging
them to please cum.  These slaves had been chosen for three reasons.  One. The
size of their cocks.  Two. Their training, being able to cum on command or not
at all.  Three.  They had all been in chastity for two weeks or more.  I wanted
my slut to drown in cum, or at least think he was going to.  His begging turned
to shrieks of fear, when the first slave came, shooting thick globs of hot white
cum down his throat, his cock pumping cum like a porn star in the money shot as
my slaves dick slammed into the back of my slut's throat, choking him, on cum
and cock.  All the while, another was hammering his ass, like a jackhammer,
telling him he had not seen cum yet, that his was going to double the first
slaves cum production.  A feat he actually accomplished.  And all the while I
sat and watched and listened, my forefinger and thumb strumming slowly over my
clit, my cunt juices flowing like a river.  OH this was going to be a grand
evening!!   

 To be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  splatter_GB


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





