BDSM Library - The Yearly Hunt




The Yearly Hunt
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Each year we would meet at my cabin and bring along a kidnapped girl. We would all abuse them and keep their holes in good used shape. I myself am a tit man and my bitch really got some sore tits.
The Yearly Hunt


	It was a sunny day with the temperature going to the high 80's.  Just the
kind of day we got together to capture our playmates.  We would each take a
different part of the area and be back on a certain day.  This time the 12th of
July.  Each year we would do this and we to this date have not been caught. 

	Me, I'm John, and my dog Pounce would go out and get a girl that we thought
would look and act right.  Mostly we just came back with what we could find but
usually they were pretty and also fairly sexy. 

	We went to the west end park and we viewed the area.  It was a long drive
there and by the time we got to the park we were hungry and we would sit and
have something to eat and look for the right girl.  We sat there at the park for
quite some time but there was none that we saw that fit out criteria.  Sexy

	We went out again the next morning and again there was no luck.  Then on the
third day, we saw what we were looking for.  This bitch had a set of knockers on
her that I saw from 300 yards away.  They were attached to a body to die for. 
This was it.  I told Pounce to get her.  He went down the path and waited for
her to jog by.  He was trained quite well.  Then I would start calling him. 
Here boy, come boy.  That was his order to attack.  He would run up and pounce
on the unsuspecting female.  He would knock them down and I would run up and
call him, pretending to get him off of her. Pounce did his job well and the next
thing I knew was there was this beautiful bitch that was on the ground. Well, I
ran up and told her not to scream and I would get him off of her.  If you
scream, he may bite you.  I was also carrying a broken leash just to make it
look good.  I told her to give me your wrist and I will pull you out.  She was
so frightened that she went for it like all the others.  Pounce would just keep
growling and acting mean.  That kept them quite quiet.  As soon as I got their
wrist, I would tie a rope around them and tell them that I was going to pull
them away from the dog.  But as soon as I got the rope on them I would then gag
them instead.  By that time she was aware of what was going on and the look in
her eyes was great.   Total fear and panic.  Then I would tell Pounce to get off
and we would run her towards the woods.  At the place where I picked her up, it
was a short distance to the woods.  About 100 yards.  I would pull on the rope
and she had no choice but to come along.  If she didn't run, she would lose her
balance and she would hit the ground hard. After the first or second time of
that, they ran.  Then when I got to the woods, I  walked her to the clearing I
had picked out, then I threw the rope over a tree branch and pulled her up till
she was off of the ground.  Then I tied her legs to a couple of trees so that
her legs were pulled as far apart as possible.  I took out my knife and she gave
me another look of pure freight.  I was only taking off her clothes.  After her
clothes was off, I told Pounce that he could lick it a few times.  He went right
to it.  I wanted to take care of those beautiful large tits.  Unfortunately, now
was not the time.  I told Pounce that was enough and he looked at me with sad
eyes but minded.  I then untied her and pulled her arms as far back as they
would go.  Then I took out a couple of tit clamps and took one end of the clamp
and clamped it onto her clit and the other the rope that was connected to her
arms.  Now if she fell and tried to catch herself, she would be in awful pain. 
Then I took the other set of clamps and clamped them onto her tits.  I tied a
rope onto the chain attached to the clamps and set off walking through the
woods.  I also took off her shoes.  I figured that she was less likely to run
that way.  Before we had traveled another 100 yards, there were tears in her
eyes and on her face.  I walked her that way for about 3/4 mile.  Then I gave
her a break.  I had a boat tied up to take her up river.  I took the clamps off
of her clit so that she could sit down in the boat. I then tied her wrist to the
anchor of the boat.  I started the boat and off we went.  As I took and made
waves and ran over them just to see her tits bounce.  They were great.  I went
up river for about hours and she had her head hung down most of the time.  I
decided that I wanted to release the clamps on her tits for now and leaned over
and took them off.  She again looked at me with pleading in her eyes.  I just
pinched her tits and watched the facial expression change to pain.  I liked that
one better.  We were almost to the place that we would get out of the boat but
she was really a mess.  Her hair was full of leaves and mud and so was the rest
of her body.  I decided a nice bath would do her a world of good.  I pulled the
boat over to the shore and went and got a nice long branch.  About 4 foot in
length.  Then I went back to her and tied the branch to her ankles.  Then I took
the anchor and untied her from that.  I took her wrist and brought her wrist in
front of her and then tied her to the rope connected to the anchor and connected
that to the branch.  She figured that I was going to drown her I guess because
she sure looked scared.  All I was planning on doing was giving her a nice power
douche and bath.  I cut off the anchor and then I threw her into the water.  I
then pushed the boat back out into the lake and took off.  As the boat took off,
she went backwards and her pussy was treading water. She really got a good
douche.  I let the boat slow down so that she could get her breath every once in
awhile.  Then off I would go again.  We went around in circles for about 20
minutes.  I was sure that every part of her was cleaned out quite well. 

	I then let her dry off while I went the last 10 minutes of the trip.  I
raced the boat and let the wind dry her hair and her cunt.  I tied her to the
bow of the boat so that she was blown dry and bounced around on her ass.  When I
looked, she was red in many places where the water had beat the skin. 

	I pulled over again and untied her again.  This time I gave her shoes back
to her and told her to put them on.  She did.  I then pulled her along slowly
through the woods to my hunting cabin where everyone is supposed to meet.  I
could hear them a mile away.  They must have been drinking, to be so loud. 

	When I got near, I saw three other woman tied up.  Apparently one of the
group was still missing.  I threw the rope over the limb and tied my bitch up
and walked over to the other guys.  This is when Pounce and Jasper, Jim's dog,
gets to smell and lick the bitches.  There wasn't much that the bitches could
do.  Each one was tied up by her wrist to the branch above and stakes were
holding their legs apart on the ground.  My bitch wasn't crying anymore but two
others were.  We always tried to start with the ones that were crying just
because we didn't like hearing them whine.  If they were going to cry, we would
make sure that they were really crying. 

	The rules of this hunt was that we didn't touch the bitches till the last
man was in or two days went by, so I grabbed a beer and waited for Lou. 

	By this time the sun was going down and so was the temperature was too.  I
grabbed a light jacket.  I noticed that the bitches had goose bumps on them but
that was not a problem, we were surely going to warm them up.

	By the time I had my third beer, here came Lou with a good looking brunette. 
Her tits weren't as big as my bitches but they were nice.  So we had a short
blond with a brown bush, small tits and slender, then we had another blond that
was a true blond with a big ass and not so big of tits, mine was next with a
great looking body and tits that just begged to be played with, then the last
one was a red head with a good body and nice tits.  We, I believe had the best
looking bunch that we had gotten yet. 

	When Lou got there and tied his bitch up, we all got excited.  The first
thing on the agenda was always letting the dogs pick out which one was going to
Long Dong.  Jake would be here soon and he always brought Long Dong. 

	Lou and I went and got the bitches ready.  We tied their legs out so that
the dogs could lick them better.  Then we told the dogs to get her.  They went
and sniffed each one till they got which one they wanted.  The game was the
first one to start getting off was the lucky one to get Long Dong.  It was not
long till Pounce was licking the red head and Jasper was licking the short blond
with the brown bush which was also the one that was making all the crying noise. 
We were all hoping that it would be her to start getting horny from Jasper. 
Before long we had our wish.  The short blond was a hot number and being so
petite made it even better.  We took her down and Jasper just moved to one of
the others.  We took her and told her that she was the lucky one to be able to
get a good cock first.  She was going to get Long Dong.  We disagreed if we
should tie her up face down or face up.  We wanted to let her watch a little as
Long Dong got on top of her and fucked her so we decided face up would be best. 
We took her over to the hand made table that we had made a few years ago for
this and tied her to it.  Then we took and tied her legs up so that Long Dong
could get in as far as possible.  She was back to crying and we were very happy
knowing that she would not be crying very much longer.  She would be screaming. 

	I looked over and saw that Pounce was getting the red head quite hot.  She
was trying her best to move her cunt in to him. 

	Jake was just coming down the path when we finished tying the blond up.
Right beside him was Long Dong.  He had his head raised and sniffing the air. 
His dick was already hard and it reached a size of 16 inches and about 3 inches
in diameter.  Oh, Long Dong is Jakes pet donkey.  He really enjoys his visits
here as does all of us. 

	We put the cage over top of the blond which prevented Long Dong to bring his
hooves down on top of the bitch and killing her. 

	She started screaming when she saw Long Dong being brought over to her.  Hey
Blondie, meet Long Dong.  Doesn't he have a nice cock.  We were having trouble
holding Long Dong so we let him go.  He was up and bringing that huge cock of
his right to her cunt.  Jake helped him a little and aimed it for him.  He
started pounding it into her right away and that cock was quickly disappearing
from sight.  It did not take long for him to open that cunt up wide enough to
take his cock.  Jake had already put his retainer on him.  That kept him from
going the 16 inches but kept him at 14.  We had killed one of the bitches
because she couldn't take all 16 inches so we made sure he was kept at 14.  He
was ramming it in and out of her and she was screaming at the top of her lungs. 
The other bitches, including the red head which was still breathing hard was
staring at all this like they were in a trance.  We were all just yelling and
screaming, Go Long Dong and stuff like take it all bitch.  That action was the
beginning of all our fun.  It was always best when you put the bitches into
shock first.  He was still ramming and ramming his hard long pole into that tiny
bitch.  She was still screaming.  I figured by now she would have stopped
screaming but I guess not.  Long Dong kept fucking her for about 12 minutes and
then he came.  He let his cum drain from him for almost 2 minutes till he
finally came out of her now not so small cunt.  After he pulled his cock out of
her, she drained his cum out of her for another couple of minutes till we got
the hose and decided to wash her cunt out.  She had finally went back to just
crying when we came with the hose.  We stuffed it up and turned it on.  The cold
water does wonders and she was again screaming.  We let the water run up her
cunt for a minute and then we untied her from the table.  We then grabbed her
and tied her legs and arms together to keep her on her knees.  Then we got a
large butt plug and plugged her cunt.  The dogs knew that she was theirs and
they were waiting very impatiently.  We then got the whip and whipped her ass a
couple of times till she was again screaming.  Then when she finally stopped
screaming, we told her that the dogs were horny and that she was going to give
them some head and some butt.  That she better not bite because that would
surely cause her more pain then she would want.  She just looked at us with
disgust and hung her head.  Jasper was already starting to pound away trying to
get into her tight ass hole and Pounce was laying on his back in front of her. 
I looked at her and told her she had better start giving that poor horny dog the
best blow job she ever gave or else I would make sure she was in pain.  She
started to go to the cock of Pounce but could not bring herself to put her lips
on that cock.  So I decided to help her out.  I took the tit clamps that I had
in my pocket and put them on her tiny tits. She yelled and brought her head down
a little lower.  Then she was sucking on that dogs cock.  We all started
laughing at the sight of her getting butt fucked and sucking on Pounce.  She
really looked quite weird. 

	Then it was our turn to have some fun.  I wanted my big titted bitch so I
went over and took her down.  She just looked at me.  She was still I think in
shock.  I grabbed her tits and pinched them till she was screaming.  That's
better.  What I wanted to do to those tits.  I was a tit man since I was small
and I love to make them stick out as far as I can get them.  This time I had
already prepared a nice treat for those tits.  I  wanted to tie them up but also
wanted them extra tight.  I decided to soak some leather in some water and then
when the sun hits it tomorrow the leather would shrink and pull them even
tighter than I could get them.  I figured I would wait for later to do that. 
Right now I was just horny.  I grabbed her hair and told her to gently get my
cock out and start sucking.  She went right to work.  I let her unzip my pants
and pull them down.  Then she pulled my shorts down and put her nice warm mouth
on my cock. Boy did that feel good.  Then when she was going down on it, I
pushed hard on her head and made her swallow it. Seemed like she wasn't used to
that and she gagged.  I held her down on my cock till she was starting to turn
purple.  I love that color. Then I let her up and let her suck on it some more. 
I looked over at the red head and the dogs had changed positions.  She was now
sucking the dirty end of Jaspers fuck stick.  She was also gagging.  It was
still full of shit from her own ass.  I remembered the other set of tit clamps
that I had in my pocket so I took them out and hooked them to her tits.  Then I
sat on a log and let her start sucking on my cock again while she was crying
from the pain of the clamps.  Then I decided to pull her down on my cock by the
chain from the clamps.  I jerked hard and her head went right down on my cock. 
All the way down her throat.  I let go of them and then when she had got a
breath of air, I jerked again.  Hey this was fun.  I continued that for awhile
and then I decided I wanted to fuck.  She sure had a beautiful ass and I knew I
wanted that first.  I told her that she better lick it good because it was going
up that ripe ass of hers. 

	I bent her over the log that I had been sitting on and rammed my cock
towards her pretty little ass hole.  She screamed but it only kept hitting the
outside.  That damn ass hole of hers was really tight.  I kept pushing against
it and it finally opened up to let my fuck stick in.  It sure was nice and
tight. 

	I looked over at Lou, which was an ass man, and I saw him whipping the
blondes wide ass. He had tied her over a low branch and was whipping her with
his belt.  There was a number of welts that had risen on her wide ass.  Her
entire ass was a flame color red.  He kept smacking her ass and she would keep
screaming.  Then there was  Jim, he was just fucking the brunette.  He would ram
his cock into her.  Of course Jim was one that really liked the girls to scream
so he made sure no matter what he was doing that they would scream at all times. 
He devised a way of putting their tits over the fire while he was fucking them. 
Sometimes he would really get them on fire but mostly he just got them red hot
and screaming.  Then when he turned them over and fucked them that way, he would
make sure they were tied tight and pick up an ember from the fire and lay it on
their tummy to burn while he was fucking.  They screamed quite well from that
too.

	Well, back to me and my bitch. I was now fucking her fast and hard up her
tiny ass hole. It sure was great.  She was no longer screaming but was just
crying.  I fucked her up her ass till I came and then let her rest.  Ha, I mean
I rested.  Jasper came over after I finished and I let the dog fuck her next.  I
was in no hurry to fuck her again.  Jasper slid right up her wet poop shoot.  He
fucked her till he came and then he got stuck inside of her and tried and tried
to get out.  While he was swollen inside of her, he could not get out but he
sure made it painful for her.  He would twist his cock and turn completely
around.  She kept yelling and occasionally screams would evade her mouth.  Well,
after that I decided to clean her up a bit so I turned on the hose and stuck it
up her ass.  She let out another scream but I left it up there to clean her
good.  I then took her legs and tied them closed so that it would stay up there. 
Her stomach that was so slim was getting bigger.  Most of the water was coming
out but some was staying in and was filling her insides.  Before long her thin
stomach was reaching the ground and she was in a constant scream.  I thought how
it would look if I could get those tits of hers to take in some extra water.  I
figured that after I tied them up tomorrow, I would inject them with some and
see what happened.  I shut off the water and let her show how much she
appreciated me by giving me a nice head job.  I got a hard on right away. 

	I looked over at Larry and he and his bitch were getting along real well. 
He had a 4 inch dildo stuck up her ass and was fucking her pussy.  She sure was
enjoying it.  Or was it screams of pain.  I am not sure. 

	I thought that I would fuck her pussy this time.  I was just starting to
enter her when I saw Long Dong walking over with a nice hard on.  Now I am not
one to deny an animal his right to fuck so I looked around and my bitch was the
only one without at least one cock in her so I decided to let him have her. 

	I tied her to the table and told her that she was going to enjoy her fuck. 
I told her that she could scream all she wanted because it would just show us
how much she was loving it. 

  	I watched as Long Dong came up on his back legs and drove that cock right
into her.  It was a work of art.  He just walked forward and jammed it in and
drove it home.  She did scream and loudly.  I stood there for a few minutes
watching but I was horny and decided to put my dick somewhere.
	
	I walked over to Lou's bitch and he had his cock down her throat.  I grabbed
that big ass and rammed it in.  For being so big, she had a nice tight ass.  We
fucked her pretty good and Lou would hold his cock down her throat while I was
fucking her for short periods of time.  It would make her buck and really give
me a good fuck.  It was fun and I kept telling him to do that but he was to far
gone and fucked her mouth real fast and then he came. I took longer and she was
actually fucking me back by the time I was ready to cum.
	
	I looked over at my bitch and Long Dong was cumming. The cum was coming out
of her pussy by the pints.  I figured that I needed to clean her up again.
	
	I took her down from the table and she seemed like she was tired.  She
almost fell when I took her over to the mattress on the ground.  I tied her up
by one wrist so that she could not get away and left her to recover from her
fucking.
	
	I was tired too, so I laid down next to her and went to sleep.  I awoke at
day break.  I figured that I had better get the bitch up before it was to late
to put the nice leather in place. I woke her up and she crawled off the mattress
as far as the rope would allow her and then took a piss. 
	
	It was cold this morning and I took and built the fire up.  Then I put on
some coffee.  I got some grub cooking and by that time Jim was up too.  He
looked over at my bitch and asked how she was?  I told him great and that Long
Dong got her last night. 
	
	I guess Jimmy let his bitch hang all night long from her wrist.  She was
still hanging there this morning. 
	
	By the time I had the grub made, the sun was coming up nicely and the goose
bumps were disappearing from Jimmy's bitch.  I noticed that she had some fresh
burn marks on her stomach and her tits were really red.  I bet they really hurt. 
I will have to see if he would allow me to play with them later. 

	We all ate breakfast and then we got the girls and let them have what was
left over.  They ate like they were starved. 

	We made them clean up our mess and then we told them that it was play time
again.  The crying started all over.  My bitch did not cry.  I was really having
some admiration for her.  But I had plans for those huge tits.  I tied her arms
up to the branch and started putting the wet leather strips tight around those
tits.  I finished about 20 minutes later. I had made sure to leave some slim
openings so that I could insert a needle filled with water later.  They already
turned a nice purple color and was really popping out at the end.  I wondered if
I could make one explode.  Guess I will find out.  I released her from the
branch and shoved her over and fucked her pussy while I played with the purple
ends of those huge tits.  There was still plenty of tit left.  I had her
screaming in no time.  I fucked her like that for quite some time and then I
left her laying there in the sun.  Then I got an idea.  I took more pieces of
leather from the water and made a nice tight belt for around her waist.  Then I
took another piece and brought it up between her legs. I pulled it as tight as I
could get it and then tied it to the leather strip around her waist.  It was
already getting pretty hot and the leather was drying quickly.  I could actually
see that they were tightening up on her tits.  She was crying softly.  Before
long I bet she would be screaming in pain.  I left her hanging so that the sun
could dry both sides.  I then took off and went to see if Jimmy's bitch was in
shape to fuck.  I found him cutting a couple of sticks from a nearby tree.  I
asked him if I could fuck his bitch for awhile and he said yea, so I shoved my
cock into her cunt from behind.  I liked seeing that red ass too.  When I had
finished and brought my cock out, he took the two sticks that he had been
whittling with and put them on her breast.  Then he took some rope and pulled
them tight.  She was screaming in pain and I surely could see why.  He not only
pulled them tight but he had scraped the wood to make it have many splinters. 
Each time she moved she would probably get another splinter in her tits.  Great
idea Jim, I said.  I walked back over to my bitch and she was still crying.  The
leather was drying nicely and her tits were now a different shade of purple. 

	Jake was fucking the red head.  He was older than the rest of us but he had
stamina.  He also had a bigger cock than the rest of us.  His damn dong was 10
inches long and almost as huge as his donkey's.  It was 3 inches in diameter.

	I think that is why Jimmy gives his bitches the most pain.  He has the
smallest cock of us all.  His is only about 7 inches long and 2 inches in
diameter.

	I was pretty tired from all the travel yesterday and all the fucking so I
decided to take a small nap.  I laid down near my bitch and went to sleep.  I
awoke to her screaming.  I guess the strips were getting tight.  They were
almost tight and those huge tits were trying there best to get out of that tight
binding.  They were poking out wherever they had a sliver of room.  Then the
rest of the breast was now bright purple.  How I loved that color.  Yes, those
tits were in great shape to have some fun with.  When I got up and lovingly
touched them, she screamed in pain.  Oh, they must be really sore.  Great.  I
figured that I would give them something to be sore about first.  I went over
and cut a nice switch.  I came back and poked at them.  Each time she would
scream.  I then brought the switch down on the top of one.  That brought out
another scream.  I tapped the nipple and she again screamed.  I then checked out
her crotch and poked at that.  She wailed but did not scream.  I figured that
would be sore for awhile but the fun parts down there were covered up.  I wanted
to play with the tits anyway.  I pinched her nipples and listen to her scream. 
Then I would bring the switch down on one of her tits and again listen to her
scream.  I put a pair of nipple clamps on the ends and the screaming was then
constant.  I just kept hitting the tits with my switch till they were again a
rosy red color streaked with purple.  I then pulled the chain on the tit clamps
and tied it to a tree.  That brought her nipples out as far as they would go and
her tits were narrowed.  It did not seem to help though, she just kept
screaming.  I went and got the needle that I have for my insulin and filled it
with water.  Then I carefully inserted it in where the strips were slightly
apart and the tit was sticking out.  I jabbed it in and let out about half of
the water.  That part of her tit swelled up like she was bit by a nest of bees
all on the same spot.  So I found another spot and emptied the needle.  Again it
swelled up and came around the leather in an inhuman form.  I got some more
water and did some more with the other tit.  Her screams kept me excited with
what I was doing.  Before long her tits looked like a bunch of bumps sticking
out of a leather jacket.  Really looked exciting.  Then I took the needle and
inserted it in the nipple.  I just kept injecting the water till it was empty. 
As tight as the clamps were on her, they had to open up to accommodate the
swelling of the nipple.  Then I did the other nipple and again injected all the
water.  I couldn't help pinching the tits and seeing the expression of pain on
her face.  It was great.  I took my belt off and started hitting her tits with
that.  With her nipples pulled out and me smacking her tit with my belt, each
time I did it would pull harder on her nipple.  I liked the look of her new
breast so I decided to see what it would be like on her clit.  I got between her
legs and she was begging me not to put the needle down there that her tits are
on fire.  I told her that I liked the look and I enjoyed the pain she was in so
I was going to inject her clit too.  I filled that clit up.  I inserted that
needle four times and emptied it each time.  There was little room for growth
under the leather but her clit was now pushed out on each side.  She was back to
screaming.  She really looked like something from outer space. I released her
tit clamps & then I took and tied her arms behind her back and took the leather
from between her legs off.  I then watched those tits as I fucked her.  They did
not seem to move at all.  I would pinch them while I fucked her and she again
would be screaming.  Her clit being so big was getting into her cunt while I
fucked her and she would scream over that.  It was like she had a banana between
her legs.  I enjoyed the feeling of crashing into it.  I stopped fucking her for
a moment and started untying her bindings from her breast.  As I fucked her I
would let some of it off.  I kept up the fucking and removing her binding till
the binding was completely off. That only seemed to make it worse on her.  Her
huge tits would now bounce around and hurt even worse. I flipped her over and
let her tits make contact with the dirt and rock covered ground and fucked her
some more.  The screams were great.  I was having the time of my life.  I would
ram my cock into her and those bumpy tits would bounce and she would scream.  It
was to much for me and I did not last as long as I wanted to.  I came and it was
the best cum I had for quite some years.  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Connie Miller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





