BDSM Library - The Humiliating Ordeal of Allene Blake




The Humiliating Ordeal of Allene Blake
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Allene Blake finds herself at the mercy of her husband's business partner. She's humiliated and abused in several very painful ways. After enduring the day's torments she gets home safely but two weeks later there's a nasty surprise in store for her....
The story is totally fictitious and intended for adult only. Please leave if you
are offended by adult content, or if you are not allowed to have access to adult
material by your local law. Author retains the copyright of this work. If you
wishes to use this story elsewhere other than your own personal enjoyment,
please ask for author's express permission beforehand. Thank you.

YNHumiliator




The humiliating ordeal of Allene Blake 

Chapter One : Paying the price

     In a leafy suburb "somewhere" in Washington State, 27 year old Allene
Blake's car drew to a halt outside the front gates of a very large house.
Usually it took thirty minutes to reach the place but today had been different.
Favouring back roads wherever possible had doubled her journey time and an hour
had passed since she'd left home. There was only light traffic and in any other
circumstances she would have enjoyed the scenery. Luckily she hadn't needed to
stop for gas, which was just as well considering the outfit she'd been forced to
wear. No other clothing had been allowed, not even a coat. If there'd been a
problem along the way she'd have been in big trouble. Sometimes she shopped and
socialised in the town so the risk of being recognised was very worrying. A tiny
vest did little to hide her large breasts. Unsupported by a bra they bounced and
swayed with every jolt and movement the car made. Her nipples, stiff with fear
and excitement, were clearly visible. They formed two distinct points which
poked and rubbed against the thin cotton material. A very short white skirt rode
high across the backs of her thighs revealing the lower curves of her bottom.
When she walked the mound of her pussy was also visible. The costume had been
fashioned to be as humiliating as possible, especially if she was seen in
public.

     The house belonged to an old friend and work colleague of her husband, Bill
Moore. Over the years Bill had tried to corner his friends pretty young wife on
numerous occasions but had never quite managed it. He'd lusted after her since
their very first meeting some five years before. Once he'd found out she was
regularly spanked, too much drink on Michael's part at a dinner party, his lust
had turned to obsession. As luck would have it fate had finally smiled on him.

     The bet had started as a joke but became more serious when the case they
were working on became high profile. Media interest increased due to their
client's family background and the chances of a huge fee became a reality. The
bet concerned their professional expertise and the stakes were set some three
weeks into the trial. If Bill made the breakthrough he would have the services
of Mike's wife for a day, no limits, no rules. If Mike won he'd have Bill's
girlfriend for a similar period. Allene had argued but to no avail, the wager
stood. When she'd whined about it her husband strapped her buttocks for an hour,
by the end she would have agreed to anything. Bill wasn't bad looking  and she
found the idea exciting in many ways but she was still worried. Without Mike
there to control the situation she was concerned that Bill might lose his self
control and perhaps do her some real damage. Mike threatened to whip her pussy
for an hour if she didn't shut up, so she bit her tongue.

     She looked back and forth up the road to check there was no one around
before leaving the car. Her heart was beating wildly as she stood waiting in the
ridiculously revealing outfit. Frightened at what would happen when Bill saw
her, but equally concerned that some stranger could come along at any moment,
she was more than a little relieved when he answered the intercom,
     "Hello."
     "It's Allene, can you open the gate please?"
     "Well if it isn't the little slut. I trust you're dressed exactly as I
specified. I've got lots of things planned for you today young lady. I hope you
like to exercise." Allene knew he was a fitness freak. She didn't like the sound
of exercise but she had to get in off the street,
     "Please open the gate."
     "Please what?"
     "Please....Sir," just in time she remembered how she was supposed to
address him. The gates whirred and began to smoothly slide open.

     Bill was waiting at the front door. As she climbed from the car she did her
best to cover her boobs and pussy but it was impossible. The enormous smile on
his face reminded her of the Cheshire cat in Alice in Wonderland. She jumped as
he suddenly shouted,
     "Hands behind your back you stupid girl!" She complied immediately. Her
boobs jutted out towards him, stiff nipples forming two very obvious points
which drew his eye. Beneath them her flat belly guided him down to her bare
tanned thighs, the tiny skirt just covering the knicker-clad bulge of her pussy.
Bill took a few deep breaths as he watched her face growing redder then beckoned
her in over the threshold.    

     She followed him through the hallway noticing immediately the thick leather
strap hanging from his belt. It was obviously oiled and very supple. Before long
she'd be feeling it's sting, of that she had no doubt. Opening onto an extensive
immaculately kept garden the main feature at the back of the house was a large
conservatory. Besides the usual mix of furniture and plants it also contained a
collection of fitness equipment. Side by side along one wall was a weight bench,
multi-gym, treadmill and exercise cycle. For some reason the exercise cycle
really worried her. It didn't have a seat just an empty upright. Why on earth
would he have one without a seat? Passing his "home" gymnasium he led her
outside into the sunshine. She was more than a little surprised by what she saw.
Standing at the edge of the poolside patio was a leather topped sawhorse with a
short crosspiece at one end. Embedded chrome rings sparkled in the sunlight.
Next to it stood what could best be described as a throne. It squatted on thick
wooden legs. Wide leather covered arms met it's bolster topped backrest. An
array of straps and buckles seemed to hang from every surface but where the
middle of  the seat should have been there was just an open space. Set back
under the lower branches of a tree was a large rectangular wooden frame. Bolts
and rings dotted it's inner surface. The objects wouldn't have looked out of
place in a medieval dungeon. Feeling slightly sick Allene swallowed hard, her
heart fluttering against her ribcage.
     "Like my toys Allene? I hope so 'cos we're gonna play with all of them
today." He turned and studied her. God he was going to enjoy this. He'd planned
his day very carefully. It would have been easy to simply throw her on the floor
and fuck her in every hole, but it would have been over in moments. This was a
chance he wasn't going to waste and he was determined to savour every second.

     Sitting in an easy chair he watched her run slowly around the pool. Her
breasts had a life of their own, wobbling and juddering as she ran. The nipples
looked hard enough to tear through the fabric of her vest. As she ran her
knickers flashed both back and front and there was nothing she could do about
it. He smiled. It was a warm day so she was soon perspiring and out of breath.
     "You don't seem to be putting much effort in Allene," he said rising from
the chair, "get inside I think you'll do better on the treadmill."

     He set the speed to a steady jog and watched as she ran. Up close the view
was much more interesting. Allene suddenly shrieked as the strap caught her low
across the back of her thighs. He watched a red band appear on her skin, it
didn't take long, before striking again. She stumbled slightly but managed to
keep going. The strap began catching her at regular intervals. The backs of her
thighs burned and for some time the only sounds were the crack of the strap
landing and her resulting cries. When he finally turned the machine off she
doubled over and vigorously rubbed the backs of her legs gasping for breath.
Tears were just beginning to form, any longer and she would have started crying
for real.
     "Take your knickers off." Reluctantly she slid them slowly down and stepped
out of them.
     "Stand up straight girl!" As she complied the pink lips of  her pussy
peeped from beneath the hem of the skirt.
     "Turn around." From behind he had a perfect view of the swelling cheeks of
her bottom. The marks made by the strap travelled down the backs of  her thighs
almost to her knees and certainly looked sore. He ran his hands lightly up the
backs of her legs, she gasped at the slight contact, and cupped her buttocks.
They were firmer than he'd expected. Turning her around he made her lift up the
skirt to her waist. Her pubic hair was neatly trimmed into a small triangle,
leaving her vaginal lips and opening completely bare, which he liked. He ran his
fingers along the moist lips and then gently teased the clitoris from it's hood.
Allene drew in her breath and involuntarily wriggled her hips. He smiled at her
obvious sign of arousal but resisted the temptation to plunge his fingers
inside. Everything in good time.

     Allene hated the way her body was betraying her. She didn't want to
collapse in an orgasmic heap in front of him but the sexual tension she was
feeling, combined with the pain, was already making her light headed. He had her
remove the vest. As she lifted it over her head her boobs fell forwards into his
waiting hands. He mauled them for a few moments before closely examining her
hard nipples. After much pulling and pinching, which had her gasping and
groaning, he allowed her breasts to return to their resting position. They were
very impressive.
     "Big breasts like these should be able to withstand a good deal of
punishment," he thought to himself. He made her turn this way and that, had her
place her hands on her head, bend forwards, lean backwards, stand sideways until
he'd exhausted all possible angles from which to view them.
     "Take off your skirt." She did. The sensation of being totally naked in
front of this man who she'd known for several years as a friend was almost
overwhelming. Her face was scarlet with shame as he had her posing for him once
again. He investigated the crack between her buttocks, drawing them apart to get
a better look at the puckered entrance to her bumhole. His fingers pressed it
gently but didn't stray inside. He made her spread her legs. His examination of
her pussy lips and clitoris was lengthy and teasing but once again he refrained
from penetrating her. His manipulations were making her very wet and she was on
the verge of coming when he finally stopped.

     "Outside young lady." Now totally naked she went out to the poolside. He
followed closely watching the soft white buttocks sway from side to side as she
walked. Sitting comfortably in a chair once more he sipped red wine and had her
stand directly in front of him. His eyes greedily roamed over her naked body.
Nothing was hidden and all was his for the taking.
     "Let's have you running on the spot Allene," he said quietly, "Get your
knees higher, that's better." As she ran the soft pink lips of her vagina were
teasingly revealed. He enjoyed the view for a while then had her perform Star
jumps. Her breasts really came to life juddering and bouncing quite
delightfully, the nipples poking stiffly in all directions. By the time he had
her stop her boobs were getting sore but he didn't allow her to rub them.
     "Turn around and bend over, that's right, grasp your ankles and spread your
legs nice and wide." As she did so he immediately reached out and parted the
lips of her vagina. Their wetness allowed him to easily slide two fingers deep
inside. Allene started gasping and squirming her hips as he explored the
interior of the tight passageway. When his fingers slipped teasingly over her
clitoris she started to moan and push herself back onto his hand. He smiled.
Just as she really started to enjoy it he stopped. Her hips continued to gyrate
in the hope that he would continue but he ignored her. Bent over as she was she
couldn't see what he was doing, only hear him walking about. When he had her
stand up straight once more her attention was immediately drawn to the sawhorse.
Her eyes grew rounder when she saw the objects jutting up from it's centre. The
first black dildo was about 7 inches long but curved wickedly. It's partner was
very different, any resemblance to a normal penis was absent. The thing was at
least a foot long and looked like some obscene sea anenome. It's thick shaft,
dotted with small finger like protrusions, was topped with a large bulbous head.

     She gazed anxiously at the larger artificial cock as he first led her over
to the "throne".
     "Right Allene, up you get." It took a few moments to get her positioned as
he wanted. She knelt on the thing's arms with widely parted legs as he fixed her
in place with several buckled straps. Her stomach rested on the bolster as he
had her bend her upper torso over the back of the chair. It took only seconds to
strap her wrists low down to the back legs. Looking at her hardened his cock
immediately. The lips of her vagina were parted revealing the pink hole which
led directly into her belly. Between the spread cheeks of her bottom the tight
dimpled entrance was also fully exposed. Allene's legs and bottom involuntarily
tensed as she saw the leather paddle he held in his hand. The first impact threw
her forward against the restraints, seconds later the burning sting seared into
her. Within a few moments she was gasping, crying out each time he struck. The
pain in her buttocks made her shake her bottom and hips from side to side in a
crazed dance. Each cheek went pink as the paddle bounced off it then gradually
grew redder as the impacts overlapped. Allene didn't want to beg but she
couldn't help herself,
     "Ooooohhhh! Please Sir! Please stop! I'll be good! Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!
Oohhhh! I'll do anything just stop for a second! Oooohhhhhh!" Bill Moore laughed
as he watched her breasts swing wildly each time the paddle landed,
     "I know you'll be good Allene. I've got the whole day to make sure you are.
I'm having a lovely time, are you?" He laughed again.

     Her buttocks had taken on a deep red hue by the time he'd finished. They
were tight and shiny and looked very sore indeed. Allene's head hung down, her
tears dripping freely to the floor. She was shaking everywhere and sobbing
uncontrollably. She wasn't able to beg anymore because quite simply she couldn't
get the words out.
     "Thank goodness it's stopped," she thought, "thankyou thankyou thankyou!"
The relief was short lived however. He walked slowly in front of her so she
could fully appreciate what he held in his hand. The paddle was gone and in it's
place was a multi-tailed leather whip.
     "I'm going to visit your more sensitive areas with this Allene," he said,
running the leather thongs through his fingers, "it's going to hurt you a lot.
If you start making a lot of noise I'm going to have to gag you. I don't want my
neighbours complaining now do I?" He smiled as she looked up. Her very red
cheeks were streaked with tears.

     She squealed at the very first stroke. As the whip began to kiss her
tenderest parts she jerked and moaned continuously. The tips of the thongs
caught the inner slopes of her buttocks, burning and stinging. She tried
desperately to close her bum cheeks but the chair ensured they were held fully
open, there was no escape. Then the strokes were catching her fully on the
crinkled bud of her bumhole. Between cries she could feel the puckered entrance
swelling, pushing up and out towards the stinging leather strips.  When he moved
on to the soft pink lips of her pussy she went into a frenzied gyrating dance.
Her bottom shuddered and writhed from side to side vainly trying to escape the
searching impacts. Crying unrestrainedly she began to plead with him to stop,
     "Ooooooohhhhhhh! Please Sir! Aaaaaaah! Stop! Please Sir stop! Ooohhhhh! I
can't take any more...it's burning so! Please stop"! Please!"
     "Now why would I stop when I'm enjoying myself so much Allene. You're got a
lot more to come so why you're making such a fuss at this early stage I've no
idea. Try to keep still there's a good girl." The whip caught her perfectly
along the sticky lips of her vagina. They parted reluctantly at the crisp impact
and Allene screamed as the tips of the whip seared the inner surfaces.
     "Open up!" he said, "you're making far too much noise." The rubber ball
pressed roughly into her mouth stifled any further protests. He continued for a
while. It wasn't that long but to Allene it lasted an eternity. Several times
the tips had caught her fully on the clitoris. The hood had thickened and was
now fully pulled back. Her clitoris itself was massively swollen and
excruciatingly sensitive but he'd been very careful not to direct more than a
few blows onto the area at any one time. She wasn't going to be allowed to come
until he was good and ready. When he stopped she continued to sob
uncontrollably.

     He calmly stroked the reddened puffy lips of her vagina. They were slick
with secretions, his fingers slipped inside. Allene gasped and strained against
the straps. The intense sensations caused her vaginal walls to pulse in
expectation. As his fingertips carefully brushed against the sensitive tip of
her clitoris she went into a paroxysm of trembling and wriggling.
     "Aaaaaaaaahhhhh! Nnngh! OOOOhhhh!" A whole series of sounds exploded into
the gag.
     "Nicely sensitive now are we? That's good it'll make the next stage of your
punishment very interesting." Releasing her from the straps took only moments.
She swayed on jelly like legs as he pushed her towards the sawhorse.
     "Right, on you get," he said indicating the curved dildo. With a leg either
side of the horse and almost overbalancing she shuffled along until the tip of
the plastic cock was directly between her legs.
     "Get on with it then, you're wet enough you don't need any lubricant." With
that he forced her down onto it's length. Splitting her pussy lips apart it slid
easily into the centre of her belly.
     "Ggggggnnnnnn! Aaaaaaaaaarrrrrhhh!" Spearing up inside her the things head
pushed along the front wall of her pussy forcing her to stumble forwards. She
had no choice but to try and follow it's curve. Fixing her wrists together in
front of her and carefully clipping them to one of the embedded rings caused her
to bend forwards. Her pussy lips stretched apart as the curve of the dildo
bulged out from between her spread bum cheeks.
     "Ride it you little tart," he said picking up the oiled strap. Before she'd
had time to react the leather curled around her already sore bottom. She jerked
upright on the now shiny cock, it's shaft sliding from her, stumbling slightly
as she tried to keep her balance.
     "Aaaaahhh! Nnnnnoooooo! Nnnnooooooo!" As the strap caught her a second time
she slid frantically down the rigid pole, wriggling from side to side, trying to
avoid the stinging impact. There was no escape. With practised ease he caught
the wobbling cheeks again and again, driving her up and down on the black rubber
rod. Her boobs jerked and swung from side to side as she screamed and shouted
into the gag. The spectacle made his erection throb but he was quick to notice a
subtle change in her movements and in the tone of her muffled entreaties. The
frantic wriggling was gradually being replaced by a more controlled motion. Each
time the strap cracked home she plunged down on the shaft but then waited for
the next stroke before quickly pushing herself up and down onto it once more. He
realised she was trying to ride the false cock to orgasm so immediately stopped
swinging the strap. Allene continued to bounce up and down trying to elicit the
orgasm she so desperately craved.
     "Get off it you slut!" He roughly jerked her to her feet where she stood
trembling and shaking, her legs threatening to collapse under her. Releasing her
wrists from the ring but keeping them firmly strapped together he forced her
forwards until she stood positioned over the monstrous dildo's shiny head.

     Relief flooded her jaws as her pulled the gag from her mouth.
     "Now Allene you're going to ask me nicely to be allowed to come." She eyed
the thing rearing up between her legs with undisguised fear. Ignoring what he
said she began babbling in panic,
     "Don't make me sit on it, it's too big Oh god, it'll split me open, please
Bill don't make me, look I'll do whatever you want, anything, just .....Owww!"
He struck her opened handed, the force flattening one of her very sore bum
cheeks. The sting was excruciating. 
     "You address me as Sir you little slut! You ignore me again and I'll take
the skin off  your fat arse! Do you understand?" As he shouted he reached out
and twisted one of Allene's rigid nipples.
     "Ow! Aaarrgh! I'm sorry, I'm sorry Sir!"
     "Now ask me nicely to let you come," he said quietly, pulling and squeezing
the nipple between his fingers.
     "Ow! Oooohhhh! Please Sir may I be allowed to come?" Releasing the swollen
tip he pointed to the head of the monstrous dildo,
     "Get it inside you!" It was a simple instruction and one she couldn't
misunderstand. She had to obey. Slowly she began to lower herself onto it. The
head nudged apart the sticky lips of her vagina which gradually opened wide,
sliding over the ball like glans. She gasped as it reached the tight entrance to
her moist vulva, the slippery walls trying to stretch to accommodate the
enormous intruder.
     "I can't, it's too big!" Unwilling to listen to anymore wailing he pushed
down on her shoulders with as much force as he could muster. Allene screamed as
the false cock slid into the centre of her belly. He stepped back as she stood
impaled, unable to move, the dildo stretching her hole to it's very limits.
She'd never been so full before, the thing was wedged tight, her pussy lips
forming a perfect pink circle straining to accommodate the girth of it's shaft.
Tremors ran down her legs as she gritted her teeth. She shivered where she
stood, trying her best to keep still, her eyes screwed tightly shut.
    
     "Very nice Allene, that looks a perfect fit," said Bill bending down to
observe her distorted hole, "now you're going to fuck it for me! You have my
permission to come if  you can." Allene's eyes opened,
     "S...S....Sir, please I don't think I ca...ca...can move."
     "Oh but you can, I've got something that'll encourage you." She hadn't
noticed the thin yellow cane laying on the grass by his chair. He walked over
and picked it up, flexing it between his hands as he sauntered back. It was
incredibly supple, she could see the tip swaying as he walked towards her.
     "Well?" Allene didn't move just stared fearfully at the flexible rod.
Suddenly his arm swung back. Allene heard the swish of the cane as it sliced the
air. Then it hit her. She screamed as the searing line of white heat scorched
across both of her stretched bum cheeks. They were held in a perfect position to
receive the cane, pulled slightly apart by her stance, rounded and unprotected. 
Pain caused an involuntary jerking of her hips which moved the massive cock
inside her. Again she did her best to stop any movement, panting frantically
against the twin onslaught. The cane seared her again, her hips rose, the
thing's shaft sliding a few inches.
     "Aaaaaaahhhhhhh! Bill please! Don't hit me again! Please."
     " Ride it or I'm gonna cane you for the rest of the afternoon!" Slowly she
straightened up. Gradually the shiny shaft emerged from her straining pussy,
then she slowly forced herself down onto it again. It stretched her beyond any
limit she'd ever experienced before. Groaning loudly she repeated the motion
under the watchful eye of her amused tormentor.
     "You can move faster than that!" The cane zipped in across her bulging
bottom. Lights danced in front of her eyes as the scorching line seared into her
flesh. She shrieked as her legs shook in response. She couldn't take another
stroke like that, she just couldn't. The pain removed any remaining vestiges of
dignity she'd once had. Moaning and crying she surrendered to his wishes,
forcing herself to plunge up and down on the monstrous false cock. Her natural
wetness allowed the thing to slide back and forth and before long her vaginal
anatomy adapted to the abnormal size of the object. It's sheer bulk stimulated
the tender inner surfaces of her pussy.
     "OOOhhhhhhh! Aahhhhhh! Oh God!" It began to feel incredible. Her clitoris
was hard, so hard she could feel it sticking out from it's delicate hood. Deep
inside she felt the first pulsing that signalled her impending climax.
     "Bill, Aaaahhhhhh! Make me come.......Oooooohhhhh!....Pleeeeease!" He
slowly reached out and began gently manipulating the swollen clitoral bud. Using
just his thumb and forefinger he pinched it, she squealed loudly. Pain and
pleasure were intermingling, she couldn't tell one from the other. As he
continued massaging the fleshy stub Allene groaned loudly and bounced
frantically on the rubber dildo, it's enormous size no longer troubling her.
Then the orgasm hit,
     "Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhhh! Oh Goddddddddddddd!" Pumping herself
violently on the thick shaft she lost all control. Her vaginal walls contracted
rhythmically squeezing every last drop of pleasure from the false cock. Panting
for air she slumped forwards, her head spinning. Slowly she recovered herself
and looked up into Bill's smiling face,
     "Quite the little slut aren't we?" he said.

     Unknown to Bill Moore and his naked plaything they were being secretly
observed. Between two of the angled roofs of the property next door was a small
flat area. Accessible only via a small latched window it was totally screened
from anyone on the ground below and at this moment it was occupied. He took his
eye from the camera and carefully wiped the come from his throbbing cock. The
long telephoto lens had brought every detail of Allene's suffering into sharp
focus. It wasn't the first time he'd had to stop and clean himself up during the
morning, seeing the naked woman put through her ordeal had made him spurt
several times. If it hadn't been for the tripod he'd have dropped the camera and
done it irreparable harm. It was a very expensive piece of technology and any
damage, no matter how slight, would have proved extremely costly in more ways
than one. Top of the range digital cameras were a luxury item, add a high
quality lens and the price went frighteningly skywards. Much to his
disappointment it looked as though the show was over, for him anyway, because
Bill was leading his lovely naked "guest" indoors. Who the trembling big
breasted woman was he couldn't work out, she certainly wasn't Bill's girlfriend,
and why on earth she'd allowed herself to be used in such a way was a complete
mystery. But if the idea forming in his head came to fruition he'd certainly
find out. He grinned to himself and gingerly carried the camera and tripod to
the window. He'd come back for his sunglasses, the blanket and snacks
later........

     Allene was begging. The muscular spasms racking her distended stomach were
quite simply agonising. For the past two hours she'd been subjected to a series
of ever more severe enemas, the one inside her now was enormous. Besides the
sheer volume of liquid, which was bad enough, Bill had added something which
stung and burned her insides. Instead of letting her relieve herself in the
toilet, as he'd done before, this time she'd been pushed into a bedroom and made
to lie down on her back. Once her wrists were secured to the iron bed rail he'd
parted her legs wide by dragging each ankle in turn to a bedpost behind her
head. She was totally spread open and helpless. A short length of red rubber
tube stuck obscenely from her bumhole, deep inside it's inflatable bulb sealed
her bottom tight against the pressure building ominously within.
     "Aaaaaahhhhh! Please let me go to the toilet Sir," her bowels suddenly
cramped again, the pain was unbearable, "Arrrrggghhhhh! Let me go, I'll do
anything you want, just let me go! Nnnngggg!

     Bill Moore watched his writhing captive with undisguised lust. He'd waited
all day allowing the hardness in his cock to subside many times. His balls felt
hard as well, bursting with juice. Very soon he'd treat himself but first he
wanted to ensure he'd broken her fully and anyway the longer she was made to
hold the enema the cleaner she'd be for him. Panic rose in her eyes when she
spied the thick ridged vibrator he held in his hand.
     "I'll let you relieve yourself in a little while Allene OK? But first
you're going to earn it!" His smile was generous in the extreme, "I'm getting a
bit peckish and I'm sure you are too so I'm going down to prepare us something.
I won't be long and in the meantime we're going to try a little experiment. I'm
interested to see if pain stops you getting aroused. This," he held up the
vibrator, "should extract an answer from you!" He laughed at the look of horror
that flashed across her features. He couldn't mean it! The pain in her belly and
bowels was excruciating, if he put the thing inside her she'd burst, she was
sure of it.
     "Aaaarrrggggggggg! Oooohhhhhhh  G...G...G...G....GGGGGod!" He had to push
hard to get it into her wet pussy, the pressure of the water in her rectum was
making the tunnel very tight indeed.
     "No please! I can't!"
     "Oh but you can you little tart and if I think for one second that you're
faking it I'll leave you here with your guts full till tonight!" She couldn't
bear the thought and she was really frightened that it might do her some sort of
permanent damage. Kneeling on the bed between her widespread legs he worked the
stiff false prick in and out of her straining hole until he was satisfied that
it was fully embedded. It was certainly a very close fit! Allene groaned in
agony as her insides cramped once again. He teased the swollen clitoral stem
until it hardened between his fingers then carefully attached a small clamp to
the sensitive flesh. Allene screamed as she felt the sharp teeth take hold.
Passing a tiny rubber sleeve over the clamp he secured it firmly to the end of
the vibrator then switched it on. The effect on Allene was immediate. As the
vibrations filled her pussy she began moaning and thrashing against her bonds.
The clamp ensured that all the sensations were delivered directly to her
clitoris.

     When he returned thirty minutes later Allene's whole body was coated in
sweat. She'd stopped screaming a few minutes before and was only managing to
pull feebly at her bindings. Her face was bright red, the pain and pleasure had
driven her to the very edge of consciousness. She looked pleadingly at him
through half closed eyes as muscular spasms passed across her stomach making her
moan in pain. The vibrator had taken her enticingly close to orgasm and kept her
there in a frustrating whirlpool of sensations. Bill quickly removed the
vibrator and clamp, undid the straps and helped her to her feet. She swayed
alarmingly, bending double as the pain swamped her again. She didn't speak, she
didn't have the strength. A few moments later incredible relief surged through
her as she noisily voided the fluid from her bottom.

     A very welcome hot shower and food followed. Once again aware of her
nakedness she sat awkwardly on a kitchen chair as he looked at her with
undisguised interest.
     "Those big tits of yours must be sensitive Allene?"
     "Yes Sir." She said, worried about what he might have in mind for her next.
After fondling and squeezing them for a while he had he kneel on a leather
topped stool with her hands clasped behind her back. His choice of instrument
had her gasping at once, the soft leather whip caressing the magnificent breasts
almost lovingly. Each stroke caused the heavy globes to wobble and swing, the
rigid points stinging ferociously at each impact. Soon she began crying freely
as the burning increased. Pleading with him made no difference. Fine red lines
criss-crossed the firm orbs in every direction by the time he was satisfied. He
only ceased the whipping when his penis was suitably hard.

     Allene's bottom hole was extremely sensitive, she'd never enjoyed having it
examined or penetrated but that afternoon she learned that her feelings in the
matter weren't going to be considered. Kneeling in an easy chair with her elbows
cinched tightly to her knees she was mortified when he first pushed himself into
the tight passageway. Her most private place was rudely used for a very long
time, his furiously stiff penis roughly plundering the pulsing hole. Spurts of
semen filled her several times as he pumped himself again and again into the
clenching entrance. He rested after each orgasm, looking at her body and running
his hands freely over every inch of her skin, making sure he thoroughly
investigated each hole fully until his cock stood excitedly to attention once
again. Consumed with shame she couldn't believe how many times he regained his
stiffness as she continued to sob in the depths of her humiliation. Unbeknown to
her it was her cries and moans that spurred him ever onwards. He was determined
that the afternoon would be one she'd never forget and in this he was correct.
The depths she'd sunk to had surprised her but pain and pleasure are very
persuasive tools if used correctly. By the end of the day she'd gladly have done
anything to please him no matter how demeaning. So when he told her to clean his
semi-hard cock with her mouth she hurried to obey.

     It was getting dark by the time she found herself entertaining him for the
final time. Her concern about the exercise cycle without a seat was well
founded. When he showed her the rounded pad with it's thick jutting dildo she
still didn't understand what it was. It was only when he secured it to the
cycles upright that she realised it was an obscene saddle that she was expected
to sit on. Pedalling frantically, urged on by the strap, the motion of the
saddle caused the dildo to move continuously within her. Wetness oozed from her
hole, dripping down the shiny chrome frame. He forced her to come several times
before she finally slumped totally spent over the handlebars.

     Every part of her body felt bruised and sore as she slid behind the
steering wheel and waited for him to open the gates. The journey itself was a
nightmare. Bill wouldn't give her the vest and skirt back so she was forced to
drive home totally naked. As the miles passed fluid slowly seeped from the twin
holes between her legs providing a constant reminder of her truly awful day.
Headlights passed her from time to time. She just hoped they couldn't see her
striped wobbling boobs as they bounced and swung with the motion of the car. At
least it was over now, she just prayed her husband wouldn't be tempted to make
any similar wagers in the future. The thought made her shiver, goose pimples
breaking out all over her body as she drove homewards through the dark
night........




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ynhumiliator


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





