BDSM Library - New Society




New Society
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Corporal punishment had been codified into the laws soon after the War on Terrorism at the turn of the 21st Century. Society was tired of wayward teens and adult slackers taking from society but never contributing. The liberalism of the 1990s gave way to punishment vice rehabilitation. The punishments doled out ranged from simple public humiliation to terrible tortures.
New Society

Part 1

	"Jensen...Julie Jensen," the bailiff announced. "Room 4."

	Julie gathered her belongings and walked through the crowd to courtroom
number four. The judge was a rather young man and gave her a slight smile as she
approached the large oak desk. 

	"Stop at the line," a bailiff ordered and Julie halted at the inch-thik
yellow tapeline four feet from the judge's station.

	"Julie Jensen your honor.  Could not produce proof of insurance when stopped
for speeding. Routine system check revealed Miss Jensen has no automobile
insurance and further, has two other moving violations that she has not settled
with this district."

	The judge continued to scan the paperwork before him while Julie shifted her
weight anxiously from one foot to the other.

	"Miss Jensen," the judge began. "Not having car insurance is a type two
misdemeanor in this state since it became rampant in 2010. Not only does it open
you to potential terrible financial difficulties should you be in an accident,
it can impact others who are on the roads and pedestrians as well.  Also, you
have to consider any potential property damage.  Finally, others obtain and
maintain insurance to use the public roads. You have no right to ignore your
obligations."

	"Your honor, I just recently graduated from college and have my first entry
level job.  The pay is so low, I literally would have had to chosen not to eat
if I had car insurance," Julie offered in her defense hoping the judge would
offer her some leniency.

	"I well remember those times myself Miss Jensen," the judge stated.
"However, I used the public transport system until I could afford to be a
responsible adult. In light of your lack of funds, I will impose no fine;
rather, I order that your car be impounded until you can offer proof of
insurance or the vehicle is sold. Additionally, for this infraction and the
outstanding warrants, you will be suspended and flogged 60 strokes in the square
on front of this court. Following the whipping, you will remain in suspension
for one hour with clamps applied. Punishment to be carried out immediately."

	Julie immediately fell to her knees and began sobbing. Two bailiffs gently
lifted her to her feet and injected her with a sedative that immediately made
her totally passive. The narcotic kept the defendants from panicking and hurting
themselves and others. The effects would be counter prior to administering
punishment. She was then escorted from courtroom four. She was led down the main
hallway to the courthouse front entry and down the stone steps to the square
where her sentence would be carried out.

	The square held three others already Julie noted through her drug-induced
stupor-another woman and two men.  All were naked and hanging by the wrists from
the steel punishment area. Both men's legs were tied to rings at the base of the
area and they were in the process of being brutally whipped. Blood soaked the
whips and their screams had attracted quite an audience. A sign posted below
them read "armed robbery."

	The other woman hanged unmoving in her bindings. Weights had been attached
to clamps that clung to her nipples. Her sign identified her as a shoplifter.

	The cool October air in Indiana stiffened her nipples as the baliffs removed
Julie's sweater and bra and placed ropes around her wrists. A bailiff
administered another injection into Julie's upper arm then she was immediately
hoisted two feet in the air.  A hot tingling sensation ran up Julie's neck
bringing her back to full consciousness and the whip bit savagely into her back.
Julie began bellowing as her body swung and spun and the lashes continued. Being
as the whip was made of heavy latex, Julie's skin was not broken nor was blood
drawn. The sting of the whip though was more pain than Julie had ever suffered.

	After 60 blows, the bailiffs stopped Julie's swinging and deftly applied
sharp toothed clamps to her nipples and tightened them until they bit deeply
into Julie's flesh. As affixed to the other woman, one pound weights were
attached to each clamp. Her screams of pain were quickly diminished when a heavy
leather gag was strapped around her mouth. A sign was propped at the sidewalk
announcing the reason for the punishment. Julie's moaning, battered torso swung
for an hour in the day's fading light and warmth as passersby looked and
chuckled at the criminal's discomfort and thinking they should see when their
insurance was due for renewal.




	Corporal punishment had been codified into the laws soon after the War on
Terrorism at the turn of the 21st Century. Society was tired of wayward teens
and adult slackers taking from society but never contributing. The liberalism of
the 1990s gave way to punishment vice rehabilitation. The punishments doled out
ranged from simple public humiliation to terrible tortures.

Part 2

	As ordered, after an hour, Julie's punishment was complete. Four bailiffs
returned, lowered her and removed the clamps from her nipples. Another sedative
was administered and Julie was placed on a stretcher and covered with a blanket. 
The other woman was similarly released and also put on a stretcher then both
women were carried into the courthouse basement. The two men remained suspended
and shrieking while their whipping continued unabated.

	In the basement, medics checked both women's vital signs, applied
antibacterial ointments to any skin abrasions and connected saline drips to
restore hydration. Julie drifted into a deep sleep.  She awakened with a lovely
nurse hovering over her holding a clipboard and a vile of pills.

	"Hello Miss Jensen. I'm Jan and I have your release papers and checklist to
go over with you when you're ready."

	Julie nodded and mumbled, "I'm okay I think."

	"Good,' said the nurse. "I have a bottle of 800mg Motrin here. You need to
take 3-4 per day to eliminate the soreness you'll soon be feeling. Make sure you
take them with food or milk. Now, the checklist is for your use. It spells out
the court's instructions and timetable. Please follow it exactly-we don't want
you back here and I'm sure neither do you. The judge has given you 48 hours to
recover then the timeline begins.  Do you have any questions?"

	Julie asked, "Where are my clothes?"

	They're in the changing room right behind you and the bathroom is to your
left. We have the commuter van leaving for your part of the city in 20 minutes.
Try to be on it as the next one doesn't come by for an hour."

	The nurse removed Julie's IV, covered the entry wound with a bandaid and
patted her shoulder, "Okay, all set. Have a good one...bye bye now."

	Julie slowly sat up and eased off her cot and padded to the bathroom. After
voiding, she walked to the changing room and found her punishment partner
completing her dressing.

	"Hi," the woman said. "I'm Sheila, you OK?"

	"I think so," said Julie. "I don't feel too sore."

	"The narcotics are keeping the pain low still," said Shiela. "Make sure you
get some food and get on that Motrine regiment or you'll be hurting soon. In
fact, wanna get a burger now? I'm starved!"

	"Sure," said Julie. "If you'll help zip me up."

	Both women were dressed and walked a bit unsteadily up the stairs toward the
exit.

	"Let's pay the bill and go to Buster's, great burgers there," remarked
Sheila.

	"Bill," said Julie. "How much is that?"

	"Your first time it looks like huh," Shiela smiled. "It's a flat fee of $550
for the labor and medications-debit card payment only."

	"Oh no!" exclaimed Julie. "I only have about $100!"

	"No problem," answered Shiela. "I've got it, you can buy lunch and pay me
the rest later."

	Both women approached the cashier and Shiela placed her debit card through
the glass portal and explained she was paying for both. The transaction
complete, the new acquaintances walked slowly toward the restaurant.

	"I've been caught shoplifting three times now," began Sheila. The next time
they said I'd be racked, whipped and branded. Think I'll not do it again, or
make sure I'm not caught. Anyway, next Wednesday, I get tagged so it'll make it
damn near impossible to do it anyway."

	"I'd have quit after the first time, Julie said. "That was awful! What's
'tagged' anyway?"

	"Shit, that was nothing kiddo!" Julie laughed. "You only got the latex whip!
Tagging is having a ring locked through a piercing in my eyebrow.  Whenever I go
in or out of a store, it will notify them I'm a convicted shoplifter-plus the
cops can radio track my location-I'm done."

	"Can't you just cut the ring out?" Julie asked.

	"No," replied Shiela. "If you try, it explodes. It's usually not a lethal
explosion but it also sends the cops an alarm, then I'm screwed for sure."

	"How long will you have the ring," asked Julie.

	"Ten years," Shiela said. "Unless I submit to punishment level five which I
'm not anxious to try."

	"Oh my god, and I just got level one-I can't imagine five!" exclaimed Julie.

	"The two men in the courtyard were getting level eight. The whipping is just
the first phase. They'll be given 2 days to recover somewhat then the whippings
are repeated over a 2 week period-I think five times normally causes permanent
injury," Shiela said as the women arrived at the restaurant.

	It was a pleasant lunch and Julie and Shiela got to know each other well
during the subsequent several days. Shiela said that was not uncommon as they'd
shared some public embarrassment and pain and now shared a common core of
experiences. Shiela stayed at Julie's apartment a couple of nights and Julie
spent a weekend at Shiela's. The women grew to become close friends. When it
came time for Shiela's piercing, Julie accompanied her back to the courthouse.

	"While I'm getting the ring attached, why don't you turn your checklist in
then we'll never have to come back here," said Shiela.

	" Good deal," Julie remarked. "Meet you back here in an hour."

	Julie checked the instructions on her checklist and headed to the basement
to present it to the clerk.  The waiting area was very crowded and Julie took a
number, 129, and found a seat on a long wooden bench to wait her turn.

	The noise from the waiting area abruptly ceased when a shill scream startled
the crowd. The scream became a high-pitched shriek that escalated until it was
sharply cut off.  Soon a naked man was being drug down the corridor next to the
waiting area. His arms were bound wrist to elbow behind his back in coils of
rope that were cruelly cinched allowing no skin to be seen. An ugly black scar
where his testicles should have been emitted white smoke as he was flogged down
the hall. The man's head was encased in a solid metal helmet that appeared to
have no ventilation.  The helmet must have been very thick Julie thought as no
sounds could be heard emanating from the man as he was driven along. Soon the
victim and his two escorts were out of site and curious, with a long wait for
her turn with the clerk, Julie quickly followed.

	Julie soon caught up with the men as they exited the building. It appeared
they were heading for the same square Julie was punished it just two weeks
earlier. The guards drove the man under the whip while he stumbled and
frequently fell until they reached the various instruments of punishment at the
center of the square. The guards quickly attached a chain hanging from a high
upright frame to the man's wrists and swiftly pulled him into the air stopping
his elevation when he was about 5 feet off the ground. Julie winced as she
imagined the pain the man must have been suffering being suspended with his arms
bound behind him. The torture to his shoulders must have been terrible. His
helmeted head allowed no expression of pain to be noticed. His body's thrashing
was ample evidence of agony though as it quaked against his own weight pulling
at shoulder muscles, ligaments and bones amplifying the anguish.

	Julie stared open-mouthed as the guards attached weights to his ankles to
draw his body down to the maximum his joints would allow. The victim threw his
head back and shook it viciously at the application of the poundage. While one
guard began approaching the man with a coiled whip, the other posted a sign
beneath him reading "Rapist."

	Letting the tip of the bullwhip drop to the ground, the guard flicked it
several times to loosen the kinks before commencing to whip his hanging victim.
Julie felt dizzy as she watched the tortured, dangling soul dance in the air at
the whips every impact. After ten stokes, an awful crunching sound emanated from
the flogged figure and a sudden slight drop indicated that his shoulder sockets
had dislocated. The next ten strokes of the whip evoked no movement from the
limp body.

	Julie jumped and screamed when Shiela touched her shoulder from behind.

	"Hi, all done," said Shiela.

	Julie could hardly focus on her friend nor utter a word, as she felt faint
from watching the rapist's punishment.

	"Geeze sweetie, what's wrong?" Sheila asked as she steadied her friend.
Although a bit groggy from the anesthetic given for her piercing, Shiela was
able to focus to the man being flogged in the square.

	"Man, that bastard must be dead or close to it. Serves him right
though...fuck'in pig," Sheila spat. "C'mon baby, don't feel sorry for him. See
those men watching? That's just what they need to see so they understand it
could be them up there if they ever pull something like a rape."

	As Sheila lowered Julie to the ground, the whipping in the square ceased and
the lowered their victim to the cement. Atropine was injected and the man's legs
and head began to twitch. The leg weights were removed and the man was raised to
his feet. With one guard embracing the criminal in a bear hug, another guard
checked the victim's pulse. Nodding to each other, a guard step behind the
victim, grabbed his shoulders and snapped his upper arms down forcing the his
shoulder's into proper position. The wretch bucked furiously at the new pain but
was easily restrained by the guard holding him. While still being held, a guard
loosened the tightly bound arms and when free of the ropes, cuffed his wrists
loosely behind his back and gently massaged the purple, mangled arms.  After
several minutes, a guard stopped the arm rubbing and unfastened the metal head
covering. A vomit-encrusted face appeared which was immediately followed by a
pitiful moan of anguish and tears. Once free of all implements save the wrist
bindings, the convicted rapist was again tethered to the overhead chain and then
released by the guard holding him. The prisoner weaved and attempted to sink to
his knees but the tension from above prevented him from doing so. He emitted a
sharp scream as pain to his shoulders increased as he dropped. Jerking up
quickly, he stumbled backwards. His tether allowed him to partially spin but his
agony increased at the pressure to his shoulders. After several such painful
motions, he eventually settled into a forward stooped position that provided him
the most relief from increased torment. When he was stationary, the guards
chained his ankles together and applied an antibiotic dressing to his cauterized
groin. The bandage must have contained a pain reliever as the man opened his
eyes for the first time and a look of relief washed over his face.

	The guards again checked for vital signs then walked away from their charge
strolling toward Julie and Shiela.

	"Sir," Shiela said to the black guard and pointing to the captive man. "What
punishment level did he earn?"

	"He's got nine," the guard answered tipping his cap to Shiela. "He's a
second-time rapist. Those kinds of crimes up to first-degree murder merit nine.
He'll be held there until nightfall then spend the night in an inverted
suspension and whipped again tomorrow and each day through the weekend."

	"Good!" said Shiela as she involuntarily pulled Julie close to her. "Do they
usually live through number nine?"

	"Usually do ma'am," the guard replied. "We monitor them closely to guarantee
maximum pain and ensure their longevity."

	"I...I can't imagine he live through that," Julie muttered as she struggled
to her feet.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bruce Boxer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





