BDSM Library - Yakuza Snuffbabes




Yakuza Snuffbabes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Yakuza (Japanese gangsters) come to America to scoop some snuffmeat for their videos.
	Yakuza Snuffbabes  by Llabmik

	Chapter 1 - Snuff Lords

	The hard-eyed, heavily tattooed Japanese gangsters watched the naked
American beauties scream hard and high as they were gutted like fish. When the
video had finished, all agreed that their latest snuff film was an artistic
triumph and, better, a real money-maker.

	Yakuza Crimson Dragon Productions had no problems with their international
distribution. Screaming was a universal language, no dubbing necessary. Their
problems were on the production end. Recent legislation in Japan was making it
more difficult for the Yakuza (a Japanese criminal brotherhood more tightly
organized than the Mafia) to smuggle in American beauties to star in their snuff
films.

	Gathered together in the Oyabun's country house set atop a cliff overlooking
the Pacific near the Atami hot springs fifty miles southwest of Yokahama, the
Oyabun and his Kobun confronted the vexing problem. The assembled Kobun, senior
henchmen, looked respectfully at the Oyabun, their leader, observing him closely
so that they could emulate his successful style. This behaviour was called
itsukimi, watching the fox.

	"What shall we do about the new legislation, Oyabun-san?"

	Calmness, firmness and decisiveness are the keys to leadership. The Oyabun
believed in achieving calmness and making a decision within seven breaths. This
one only took three and was his usual bold master-stroke.

	"If the scream nookie and snuffmeat cannot come to us, we will come to them!
The troublesome legislation is a domestic political issue, but it will take time
to resolve. There is no reason that this should affect our cashflow. While we
deal with this domestic issue, we outfit a large, luxury yacht as a floating
film-making studio and send it on a tour of the west coast of North America,
filming as we go, pretending to be wealthy Japanese businessmen taking a
pleasant holiday. I will supervise this opening up of new territory myself!"

	The assembled Yakuza nodded as the Oyabun continued.

	"Nobody will be suspicious. Everybody knows about the Japanese obsession
with cameras and taking pictures! Market research has revealed that our patrons
like seeing a white American beauty shreiking her lungs out. White skin shows
welts beautifully, they blush quite nicely, their erect pink nipples photograph
well and the soft North American lifestyle makes them delightfully tender and
exquisitely sensitive to torment. Besides, it would be unpatriotic to torture
innocent Japanese women!"

	The assembled Kobun nodded. Kobun Kao was happy to be able to contribute to
this bold initiative.

	"I have an American contact named Helmut. He offered to supply us some prime
snuffmeat if we could take care of a little problem for his sister. He is a
pirate and occasionally runs across some good stuff while liberating a ship from
it's crew! That should get us started, priming the well, so to speak. This
sounds like an ideal plan. No need to lure our victims a long distance. No need
to smuggle them into Japan. Disposal of the bodies is no problem. The sharks are
always hungry! Truly inspired, Oyabun!"




	Chapter 2 - Pussy Ahoy!

	"We should donate to the Breast Bank, Tiff! It's a charity that I just
invented where the generously over-endowed, like ourselves, contribute a bit for
the benefit of their lesser sisters!"

	Blond Tiffany giggled tipsily and had another sip of champagne.

	"I'm one selfish bitch, Joy! I'm keeping it all for myself and to hell with
the lesser sisters!"

	Topless, red-headed Joy raised her glass and jiggled her monster melons.

	"I'll drink to that! Lesser sisters? They're titless wonders! We're
bodacious babes! Fuck 'em, I say!"

	"They only get to fuck our rejects! A toast to busty babes!"

	They clinked their champagne glasses together and drank. Then they lay back
to tan their titanic tits.	Oiled up, tops off, Joy and her girlfriend Tiffany
were sleepily sunning themselves on the deck of Tiff's sailboat, the Muffin,
anchored in a secluded cove. High breasted babes with big boobs, Joy and Tiffany
were both charter members of the Monster Melon Club. Rich girls, born rich,
raised rich, spoiled rotten, each one her Daddy's only little girl, their
pampered lives left them completely unprepared for what happened next.

	"Shit!"

	Joy and Tiffany flipped onto their bellies as the speedboat screamed into
the cove. While this hid their monster melons, it exposed two fine pairs of bare
buns, the invisible thong buried deep in their cracks. The speedboat pulled up
alongside. Four toughs hopped nimbly onto the Muffin. Tiffany, wide eyed, asked
the inevitable stupid question.

	"What do you want?"

	Two thugs stepped in front of Joy and Tiffany, who frantically clutched
their towels to their bare chests. Two others straddled the prone beauties from
behind and snaked a loop of rope around each throat. The choke ropes were pulled
upwards.

	The towels fluttered to the deck as the two nubile nookies scrambled to
their feet, fingers clawing desperately at the strangling ropes eating into
their tender white throats, pretty eyes bulging, big bare bazooms bouncing
wildly. One of the men grinned.

	"We want your honeypot, honey!"

	"Fuck you!"

	"That's the idea!"

	The men with the choke ropes pulled the young beauties up until they were
prancing prettily on tiptoe, gasping and squirming in topless glory. The two men
in front hooked their thumbs in the thongs and jerked downwards, peeling the
thong out of the crack of their tight heinies, yanking it down to their ankles.
Lacking leverage, gasping for breath, but still struggling hard, Joy and Tiffany
tried to kick them in the nuts.

	"Time for lesson one: who's the boss!"

	Precisely together, the two men in front straightened up and pistoned a fist
into the young muffs' diaphragms. The breath and any remaining fight whooshed
out of them. Joy's champagne-soaked bladder emptied, hot urine spurting from
between her thighs. The men with the choke ropes lowered the gasping pussies
down to the deck again, while the other men pinned their wrists together behind
their backs, using strong plastic ties to fasten their wrists together. The
strong plastic ties could only be cut loose. Their thongs were jerked from their
ankles, leaving the two young quims stark naked, gasping like landed fish on the
hot deck.

	"Fuck off, you motherfuckers!"

	Hands were wrapped in their long flowing hair. Tiff and Joy were pulled
painfully to their feet. Eager hands explored their naked flesh, squeezing and
kneading intimately.

	"Eat shit and die!"

	Each squirming, toffy-nosed tart was slapped ringingly as she spat out a
defiant phrase. They were quickly and systematically beaten into submission.

	"Time for lesson two: how to be a fuckslut!"

	The two succulent slits soon found themselves the meat in a sandwich. A
prick up their cunt, a greased prick up their assholes, their well-oiled bodies
danced a bare bum sailor's hornpipe on the deck. Big bare breasts scrubbed
against strong male chests. Nicely dimpled ass-cheeks snuggled up to wiry male
pubic hair.

	After being pumped full of pecker snot, Joy and Tiffany were forced to their
knees. The  choke ropes were wrapped once more around their pretty young necks.

	"Time for lesson three: dick licking!"

	"Here's what happens if you don't suck cock!"

	The ropes were tightened. The busty blond and her bra-busting buddy
strangled briefly, eyes bulging.

	"I'm cutting your hands loose. You will suck and masturbate any cock planted
in front of you. You swallow the cum. If you fail to do perform, it's the rope!"

	The ropes were tightened again for a quick reminder. Joy and Tiff choked and
coughed.

	Their wrists were cut loose. The two naked nookies knelt fearfully in front
of two of their captors. The other two were standing behind, manning the choke
ropes. Kneeling side by side, Joy and Tiffany were each fed a stiff, bald-headed
mouse. Tiff's pet mouse was covered in black grease. It looked like her rapist
had been whacking off after greasing an engine. She felt sick as she daintily
licked the grease from his dick, wondering how much had been pumped inside her
cunt or maybe up her asshole.

	"Lick hard! Suck hard! It's not cotton candy, you stupid cunts!"

	The choke ropes were tightened slightly and the young lovelies tried hard to
please. Gobbling and licking like pros, they sucked like hoovers and massaged
the love pipes like they were summoning a genie to grant them a wish. They
choked down the hot gush of spermatic juice and licked the one-eyed worm clean
afterwards.

	The men changed places and the kneeling naked nookies got to tongue fuck
another pair of joy sticks. Their pretty heads bobbed as they licked dick, the
choke ropes snug around their throats to remind them of the penalty for failure.
Once more, they gulped down a hot shot of love liquor as a reward for their
labours. Again, they got to lick old slimy clean.

	Trembling deliciously, Joy and Tiff were sick with fear as they were
blindfolded, their wrists tied behind them and they were hustled to the
speedboat. The front seat had two rounded metal pegs sticking up side by side.
Tiff and Joy squealed as they were lifted up and lowered down, wrapping their
rectums around the greased pegs. They squealed like terrified piglets on their
way to the slaughterhouse as the speedboat bounced on the waves out of the cove.




	Chapter 3 - Bitches In Bondage

	Tiffany's stepmother laughed delightedly as she looked through the
binoculars at Joy and Tiffany sitting naked and blindfolded in the prow of the
long speedboat as it zoomed towards the big yacht, crying hard with each bounce
of the boat.

	"They don't look like happy little bitches, do they?"

	Her brother, beside her in the wheelhouse of the big vessel, chuckled.

	"I don't think that they're going to get any happier!"

	Ursula adopted a tone of mock sympathy.

	"Tiffany's father is going to be so upset that his only heir has been lost
at sea. It's not my fault. I told her not to go!"

	Helmut smirked.

	"Knowing how she feels about having a stepmother that's only two years older
than she is, that probably guaranteed that she would go! How's it going with
your new rich hubby?"

	Naughty Ursula grinned lewdly.

	

	"I've persuaded him that his heart medicine was getting in the way of his
sex life. He's stopped taking it. I've got him doing poppers when we fuck. He
gets a bigger bang that way. Unfortunately, poppers are really bad for your
heart. Losing your only daughter is really bad for your heart, too, but it won't
keep the old horndog out of bed long. He thinks fucking me will keep him young,
like my youth will rub off onto his dick or something! He's going to die in the
saddle any moment. It should be a real kick feeling him twitch between my legs
in his death spasms!"

	Helmut rested his hand on his sister's shoulder as Tiffany and Joy climbed
the ladder onto the deck of the yacht. An experienced pirate, he and his gang
made a career out of hijacking yachts and sending their owners to Davy Jones
Locker after entertaining themselves at the expense of their female victims. 

	Helmut and Ursula watched in delight as the blond and the redhead were
forced to their knees and the choke ropes wrapped around their throats. The crew
eagerly lined up as the two blindfolded piccolo players were pressed once more
into oral service for a suck-a-thon. Ursula purred warmly.

	"I think young Joy has quite a talent on the skin-flute. I like the way
she's trimmed that red muff! On the other hand, I love the expression of utter
revulsion on Tiffany's haughty, snotty face when she swallows!"

	After the blindfolded bare bum beauties had demonstrated their talents as
mouth whores, their other orifices were explored by the eager crew. Ursula
purred warmly as she watched the naked young lovelies being team creamed on the
deck.

	"Judging by her look of distaste, I don't think that darling Tiffany likes
being corn-holed either! Joy, on the other hand, is a natural born flat-backer.
Look how nicely she points her toes as she spreads her legs. She's trying quite
hard to please. I bet she's even making little moaning noises - a sweet little
fuckstress. Our Yakuza friends will be pleased!"




	Chapter 4 - Deadly Deal

	Ursula and Helmut watched, arm in arm, from the deck. Tiffany and Joy,
blindfolded, wrists tied behind their backs, were being transferred to the
Yakuza yacht. A cruel-eyed Yakuza bitch was over-seeing the operation. Ursula
smiled happily.

	"It's a deal then! The Yakuza get Joy and Tiffany as what they call Waslik
Japayuki - disposable cunts to do anything they want to. Tiffany will star in
some torture films with a last farewell appearance in a snuff flick -
blindfolded and gagged so that no one will recognize her. They will return her
head in a week. We need evidence that she is dead so there'll be no doubt about
who gets everything when my hard-humping hubby squirts out his last load of love
liquor. We'll plant her head on a beach and report it anonymously to the cops.
They'll be forever trying to figure out what happened with only a head to go on!
Tiffany's yacht, the one I told my stupid stepdaughter not to go out in, is
already on it's untraceable way to its new owner!"

	Ursula smiled happily.

	"It's perfect! The Yakuza promised me copies of Tiffany's torture films and,
of course, the ultimate snuff. When she's actually snuffed a few days from now,
I'll have alibis coming out my wazoo!"

	Helmut grinned. Miki's cruel voice floated over to them from the deck.

	"Tiff the Quiff and Joy the Boytoy! You're fuckmeat now! Feel free to scream
when you rich bitches feel the pinch!"

	 He gestured at the naked nookies' female escort who was reaching between
their legs with her sharp fingernails and giving them evil little pinches to
encourage them along. They could hear Tiffany and Joy's shrill cries from the
bridge. Poor blond Tiffany looked near hysterical.

	"That Miki sure knows how to handle the meat. Look at her make those pussies
hop!"

	Ursula purred her response. Tiffany was blubbering nicely as she and Joy
were muscled onto the Yakuza yacht.

	"Miki's a handler for the S & M flicks, the really heavy action, bestiality,
snuff movies, stuff like that. It's her job to make darling Tiffany scream long
and hard. They're not going to waste any time. They have complete facilities
aboard their yacht. The filming starts immediately. Those proud young hussies
are being hustled straight into The House Of Pain as we speak."

	Ursula purred happily.

	"Back on the home front, I've arranged a mistress for my darling hubby.
Since I'm a blond, I've arranged for a friend of mine, black-haired Bobbi to
show him her goodies. Bobbi's been told what turns him on. She's got him doing
poppers too. We're having a little contest to see whose legs he's between when
he has the big one. Who do you think will win? Your short-haired blond sister or
Bobbi with long black hair down to the back of her knees?"

	"Tough choice!"

	Ursula punched him in the shoulder. They turned to watch in delight as Joy
and Tiffany began their short career as japayuki movie stars. The Yakuza wasted
no time. Digital movie cameras were brought out to capture their degradation as
they were sandwiched between fierce tattooed Japanese gangsters and forced to
open their holes on the deck of the Yakuza yacht. After the quickie gang bang,
Miki screeched in their ears.

	"You're filthy little bitches! You must be squeaky clean! Nobody likes a
filthy hosebag! Disgusting!"

	Joy and Tiff were pinned facedown on the deck. Miki rammed a bristly
bottlebrush into their cunts and scrubbed vigorously while her new torture toys
shreiked like the damned. From the deck of the neighboring yacht, brother and
sister listened in enchantment as the Yakuza's new japayuki bawled and
blubbered. Joy and Tiff were jerked to their feet. Blindfolded, they blundered
wildly, screeching hysterically as their breasts and buttocks were snapped hard
with tightly twisted towels soaked in cold seawater.

	The cameras recorded it all.




	Chapter 5 - The House Of Pain

	The first cassette had arrived. Ursula popped it into the VCR and scurried
back to the bed to watch. She snuggled up close to her one true love. Naked in
the bed with her, brother Helmut snuggled right back. Hubby was in intensive
care. The disappearance of his daughter combined with his weak heart, no heart
medicine and fucking his brains out had given him a massive coronary. Hubby's
hold on life was tenuous.

	Helmut had come to comfort his sister in her hour of need. She licked
Helmut's ear coyly. Helmut ripped off her panties and buried his face in her
muff. Ursula's foxy face glistened  with sweat as she avidly watched the screen.

	On the wall-size screen, Tiffany was led in - gagged, blindfolded, hands
tied behind her back, buck naked. This was obviously done right after she had
been taken aboard the Yakuza yacht. She was trying hard to keep her legs
together. Unfortunately, Tiff the quiff was one of those women who have a crotch
gap so that their pussies always on display. No matter how tightly she squeezed
her thighs together, there was always a charming blond hairy gap. Knowing what
was coming, Tiffany whimpered as Miki's long, laquered fingernails dipped
knowingly between her legs. She screamed and sank to her knees as her clit was
pinched viciously.

	"Clean the floor with your tits, Cinderella! Maybe your prince will cum!"

	Ursula giggled as Tiffany squirmed on her belly across the floor, scrubbing
it with her big bare breasts, snuffling and squealing like a stuck pig, trying
vainly to avoid the savagely twisting, scraping, probing fingernails
relentlessly burrowing between her thighs. Ursula laughed aloud as poor,
blindfolded Tiffany rammed herself headfirst into the wall, stunning herself.

	"Awww! Pooor baby! Didum hurt erself? I know how to help you ignore the pain
in your head!"

	Miki's viciously probing hand was splashed lightly with baby oil and plunged
into Tiffany's cunt, burying itself forearm deep.

	Tiffany's head was jerked up by her long blond hair. Her back arched. The
camera captured her anguished face working convulsively and her big tits shaking
wildly as she shreiked insanely into the gag. Miki demonstrated her cunt-reaming
skills as her viciously burrowing hand pinched and scraped knowledgeably deep
inside her blubbering victim.

	Full-throated, at the very top of her lungs, shreik after shreik was torn
from Tiffany's taut, straining throat. Her sweating, squirming body writhed
frantically, like a worm impaled on a fishhook. Her shrill voice screeched
higher and higher and higher still until, at last, her bare body went limp.
Lovely Tiffany had passed out.

	Ursula came hard in Helmut's dripping face. Ursula applauded as the screen
went blank. She moaned in ecstacy as Helmut's tongue flicked over her clit,
licking her as only a loving brother could. When she had finished gasping, she
grinned at Helmut.

	"I think Tiffany shows real japayuki star quality. Let's watch her again.
This time, you look while I suck!"




	Chapter 6 - Suck-A-Thon

	Ursula popped in the second video.

	Blindfolded, squatting side by side, wearing only black high heels, Tiffany
and Joy gave head, hands and mouths wrapped around thick male organs. As soon as
one male organ emptied itself and was licked clean, another replaced it.

	The camera pulled back. Tiffany and Joy's bobbing heads were surrounded by
masked men armed with electric prods. Miki explained the simple rules.

	"Our two japayuki mouth whores are having a little contest. The first one to
do three hundred men wins. If one of our dick lickers stops before she reaches
the three hundred mark, she's worked over with electric prods. A whore has to do
the full three hundred to win. If she gives up before then, she's automatically
worked over, so it's possible to have two losers and no winners! Our
fear-trained knob jobbers are powerfully motivated to keep on slurping up pecker
scum as long as they can."

	Miki smirked.

	"As you can tell by their red little bums, they have received what the
salesman call a free sample. Let's have a little flashback."

	The next shot was of a lovely, blindfolded Tiffany looking surprised and
apprehensive as the prod was rested against her bare buttock. She obviously had
no clue as to what the prod was. Surprise turned to shock and horror as the prod
crackled and snapped. Tiffany was catapulted across the floor, screaming
hysterically, grabbing her burning buns with both hands.

	Joy joined her, shreiking and writhing on the floor, trying desperately to
massage the agony out of her painfully spasming gluteal muscles.

	Back in the present, Tiffany seemed a bit more talented as a mouth whore
than Joy. The large black dick she had her lips wrapped around pumped generous
squirts of man milk down her gulping throat. She ran her finger along the
underside of the dick to squeeze out the last drops of goodness and licked it
off. Her slightly swollen lips were given a few sips of water and then the next
monster sausage was fed to her. In the belief that their viewers identified with
the rapists, the Yakuza had a multi-cultural squad of Rape Warriors. The only
thing they had in common was a thick sausage and awesome stamina. Black, brown,
white or yellow, the Rape Warriors all got a chance to blow a load down a
gulping throat and come back for seconds with their trusty over-size swords.   

	Ursula, nonchalantly sharing popcorn with her brother, had a question.

	"Do you think those rich bitches are stupid enough to think that it is
actually possible to blow three hundred men?"

	"Definitely!"

	Joy was the first give up. She vomited hard, yorking up an amazing quantity
of oyster juice. Ursula frantically renewed her dick gobbling as she listened to
Joy scream over and over and over, higher and higher as the prods snapped and
crackled evilly. Poor shreiking Joy's wildly spasming nude body was worked over
until she was frothing at the mouth like a rabid dog, blood and snot running
freely from her nose, her glistening naked body flushing brick-red as her blood
pressure rocketted.

	Suddenly, inevitably, Tiffany turned pale. She yorked up an overflowing
tummyful of oyster juice and it was her turn to shreik, writhe and froth at the
mouth for the cameras.




	Chapter 7 - "Friends, Romans, Countrymen... "        

	Ursula popped in the third tape and hopped back into bed with Helmut. All
they could see at first was a shapely female back beautifully tattooed with a
large dragon. The sound track was filled with slurping noises. Helmut grinned.

	"Sound familiar?"

	Ursula laughed as the camera moved around. There knelt poor, naked Tiffany,
red-faced and gasping, her hands bound behind her back, burying her blindfolded
face in Miki's muff, licking and sucking hard. Miki wrapped her bare thighs
around Tiffany's slurping face and pressed her hands against the back of
Tiffany's head, giving lovely Tiffany little opportunity to breath as she
practised the grand old art of carpet munching.

	Miki humped her cunt against Tiffany's flushed face, smothering her in her
juices while a bound and blindfolded Joy waited her turn, kneeling naked on the
floor. Miki grinned lewdly at the camera.

	"We're having a little contest between our two hot tongued hussies to see
who is the best mouth whore. The loser gets her ears removed, so it's quite a
serious affair! It's a best out of three event: cunt-licking, face sucking and
asshole tonguing. I'll let them know who gets her ears sliced off after they've
each competed in all three categories."

	Miki sighed as she came once more, scrubbing her sodden slit ecstatically
over Tiffany's flushed face. She smiled brilliantly at Joy.

	"It's our other hot-tongued hussy's turn, darling! I hope that you don't
mind sloppy seconds."

	She looked between her legs.

	"Very sloppy seconds!"

	Joy buried her face in Miki's muff and started beavering away. She licked
and sucked, but it was obvious that she just wasn't as good as Tiffany. A true
pro, Miki sweated her nicely and made her work hard for her losing position,
coming in her face repeatedly.

	Face sucking came next.  Miki and Tiffany's tongues wrestled hard while
Miki's hands roamed insolently over the bound Tiffany's nude body, groping and
findling her intimately. This was obviously a much more familiar event for both
young ladies and it was pretty much a saw-off.

	Ursula and Helmut, happily munching chips, sniggered as it became apparent
that neither Tiff nor Joy liked asshole licking. Both looked sick as Miki pushed
her puckered brown heinie hole into their faces. They forced themselves to
insert their tongues in her rectum. Tiffany threw up and Joy kept her lunch
down, so that settled it. Ursula licked Helmut's ear happily.

	"I think Tiff's going to lose weight!" 

	Joy and Tiffany were strapped down, face up, to a padded leather restraining
table while the results were announced. They listened while an autopsy knife
with a nine inch blade, the weapon favoured by Jack The Ripper, was slowly and
painstakingly sharpened. The scrape of the nine inch blade over the whetstone
ate into their nerves. Although blindfolded and gagged, their moaning, sweating
bodies and fear-hardened nipples spoke volumes.

	Miki spoke pleasantly while walking between them, squeezing their squirming
nude bods intimately.

	"Well, someone has to win and someone has to lose. In cunt-licking our first
contestant was definitely better!"

	Miki gave an enchanted little quiver of delight.

	"Contestant number two, though game, just wasn't quite as good."

	Tiffany looked briefly hopeful. If she did well enough at the cunt-licking,
it would overcome her vomitous ass-hole licking result.

	"As an added bonus, the winner gets to hear the loser scream!"

	Both of the young beauties had that taut pinched look that Miki and her
audience loved to see as the realisation sank in that if they won, their best
friend would lose her ears. Miki continued.

	"Both of you japayuki fucksluts must have spent a lot of time in the back of
an automobile with the football team, because the face sucking was truly
impressive!"

	For either of the two popular beauties, this was true enough. Miki looked
sadly at poor, perspiring Tiffany.

	"But ass-hole licking, it's key to your success in life! A young lady in
your position just has to be able to get down on her knees, bury her pretty face
in someone's crack and clean them out thoroughly! Contestant number one, I'm
afraid that you're going to have to donate your ears."

	Tiffany squealed and squirmed frantically. Miki picked up the autopsy knife.
She looked indecisive.

	"Decisions! Decisions! Which ear should I do first?"

	She brightened up.

	"I think right ear first and then the left one!"

	Tiffany tried to hide her right ear and Miki laughed delightedly as a
muscular assistant pinned Tiff's head to the table.

	"I meant my right, not your right! Thanks for making it easy!"

	Miki rested the blade of the autopsy knife against Tiff's exposed ear and
waited a beat to allow everyone to savour the moment. Then she began, grasping
the ear with it's small, dainty ruby stud earring in her fingers, taking her
time, sawing delicately with lots of small strokes while Tiffany shreiked into
her gag.

	She reverently laid the ear on a small, white towel by the side of the
table. She swabbed the wound with antiseptic and stopped the bleeding. Miki
spoke brightly to her sobbing victim.

	"There, that wasn't so bad, was it? Just brush your hair over it and no one
will know. I do very neat work if I do say so myself!"

	Strong hands turned Tiffany's sobbing head. As Miki pushed her blond tresses
aside and gripped her other ear, her blubbering victim lost bladder control. An
ever-alert cameraman captured the golden arc of urine while Miki waited
patiently, Tiffany's remaining ear grasped firmly in her fingers. Then she
carefully repeated the operation on her ashen faced patient.

	She laid the other ear with it's matching dainty ruby stud earring on the
white towel next to it's twin sister as the camera faded out.

	Ursula ejected the video and looked thoughtfully at the small gift box that
had accompanied it. Eagerly, she opened it.

	Sure enough, inside the small gift box were two severed ears with very
familiar ruby stud earrings in them. Ursula tore open the small envelope and
grinned at the neatly typed message.

	"Happy Mother's Day!"




	Chapter 8 - The Happy Horndog

	Raven haired Bobbi won their little contest.

	"He flopped like a fish between my legs as his heart shut down! What a rush!
He came as went, so to speak!"

	Bobbi was a little disappointed though.

 	"I thought he was dead, but the pasty-faced old horndog had just passed
out!"

	Ursula didn't worry. It was just a matter of grinding Jason a bit more. She
promised to pay Bobbi her bonus for taking care of hubby so spectacularly in her
absence. He wasn't quite dead yet, but Jason was well on his way.

	"Uhhhhhhhhhh!"

	A day later, Jason Highliner sat, propped up in the hospital bed with his
eyes shut and a big, stupid grin on his face. Under the blanket, Ursula's hand
moved deftly, masturbating her rich husband, murmuring all the naughty things he
loved to hear, eyes avidly watching the monitors as her his blood pressure
skyrocketted.

	The warning buzzer sounded as Ursula masturbated him into another major
coronary. She hardly had time to withdraw her hand, wipe away the evidence and
put on a look of deep distress before the nurses and doctors flooded in to bring
him back, shakier than ever. Ursula was a little vexed. Despite her lewdest
efforts, the old horndog just wouldn't let go.

	Walking away from the hospital, Ursula sighed. It was just a matter of time.
Once more should do it for sure. It had been a close call cleaning up before the
help arrived. Next time, she'd give head and swallow a dying man's cum. She
smiled at the thought, wondering if it would taste any different.

	Walking to her car, Ursula bumped into Mary Cheatham, Jason's attorney.
Ursula told Mary the bad news about Jason's latest coronary and informed her
dolefully that there was no news of Tiffany, probably lost at sea, alas.

	A hard-faced, middle-aged ice queen, Mary looked at Ursula sharply.

	"Honey, I've seen it all and you're not very good! You're lying, sweetmeat!
You know what happened to Tiffany, probably engineered it from a nice safe
distance with suitable alibis in place! Her body will wash up just in time for
you to scoop it all, I'm sure. The only question in my mind is whether you were
whacking Jason off or giving him head when he had his coronary just now."

	Ursula stared at her like a snake confronted by a mongoose. Mary laughed.

	"Honey, I can't prove any of this, but I can tie up the estate so that you
will be a withered old crone before you see a penny from it."

	Ursula was shaken.

	"What do you want? Lawyers almost always have an angle."

	It turned out that, indeed, lawyer Mary did have a deal to offer. Mary gave
Ursula her best bull-dyke grin. She put her arm around Ursula's creamy shoulders
and gave her a friendly squeeze.

	"I don't really give a shit about Jason. Dead or alive, I get paid. You're
right about one thing: we lawyers are and love slime! This particular lawyer
prefers female slime and you're the perfect one to supply it!"

	She looked Ursula's yummy body up and down brazenly.

	"You want Jason's money? I don't mind at all! You're just going to work a
little harder to get it. For what I have in mind, Ursula, you're a little
over-dressed!"

	Mary boldly stuck her tongue in Ursula's delicate coral ear.

	Ursula smirked. This she could handle.




	Chapter 9 - Dr. Tongue's Carpet Cleaning Service

	After a while, the bed began to smell like cat-piss. Naked in bed at Mary's
mansion, faces buried in each other's muff, Ursula and Mary tongued hard, each
trying to outdo the other in clit licking. Clits stiff, cunts dripping, they
came hard, over and over again.

	Afterwards, Mary tucked her in. Ursula slept in the wet spot, all fucked
out. It had been a long day for the young gold-digger and, let's face it, bull
dyke Mary had sucked a lot more clits in her time.

	Rough hands shook Ursula awake. Mary stood, tousled, in her bathrobe.
Several large muscleheads jerked Ursula, naked, out of bed. Mary explained as
they wired Ursula's slim wrists and ankles to the arms and legs of a heavy
wooden chair.

	"Joy is my niece and Jason is a childhood friend, Ursula. These gentleman
found the videotapes when I had your place searched while you were distracted
here. They also found a pair of severed ears with Tiffany's ruby ear studs in
them, so time is of the essence."

	Mary gestured at the heavyset thugs surrounding delicate, feminine,
vulnerable Ursula.

	"These gentlemen have a lot of experience sweating information out of
people. Don't worry, honey. They won't leave any obvious marks."

	The most vicious one squatted down next to Ursula. His seamed, scarred face
framed wild, feral eyes. He held a long, slim needle in front of Ursula's
anxious face.

	"OK, listen up, bitch. First, I insert the needle into your nipple."

	Ursula gasped as he suited the action to the word.

	"Then, I push the needle into your breast until it hits the rib underneath."

	Ursula whimpered as the needle was rammed home. Her foxy face was bathed in
sweat. The vicious one put his other arm around her bare shoulders.

	"Then I press hard and scrape back and forth repeatedly."

	Ursula began to scream and squirm. Her bare bum danced in the seat. She was
a fuck toy, not a superspy. She caved in as quickly as possible.




	Chapter 10 - Japayuki Free Dental Plan 

	The two naked babes faced each other, strapped into identical padded leather
restraining chairs. Encased in six inch spike heels, their pretty feet were
buckled in place on widespread stirrups, leaving their tight slits fully
exposed. Their slim wrists were strapped to the armrests. Their gaping mouths
were propped wide open by mechanical jaw-spreaders. Their heads were
immobilised, clamped to the headrests. This was for a very select clientel so
they weren't blindfolded. There was no danger of this tape falling into any but
the most jaded pervert's hands. Miki gave Joy and Tiffany a few minutes to fully
appreciate their position while she tested out the old-fashioned, slow speed
dental drill.

	The cameramen captured their anxiously squirming nakedness for the benefit
of the world's jaded perverts. Tiffany's hair had been carefully brushed forward
and hairsprayed in place so that her earlessness wasn't apparent. Miki had
arranged for their meals to be liberally laced with caffeine and for her pet
Doctor to pump them full of amphetamines. She didn't want her charges passing
out and spoiling the fun. Joy and Tiff were totally wired, sweating and
trembling, awaiting the drill.

	The stimulants acted powerfully on their intestinal tracts. They both
squeezed out turds for the cameras as Miki revved the drill playfully, the high
pitched scream eating into their shattered nerves.

	"Do you want to be first, slut?"

	Tiffany grunted an emphatic no.

	Miki spun around and cheerfully addressed Joy as she revved the drill a few
more times.

	"The other slut says that she wants you to go first! There are only two
choices and since she declined, she's clearly nominated you to experience my
dubious dental skills! Of course, she has to watch carefully so that she knows
what's going to happen to her when it's her turn!"

	Joy was totally horrified. She hated trips to the dentist. This was her
worst nightmare. Miki prattled on, mugging for the cameras, pretending to be a
complete airhead.

	"Golly! It seems pretty simple to me! I just drill holes in your teeth and
then fill them with this white cement stuff!"

	She pouted coyly.

	"Of course, I'm not going to bother with any silly old anaesthetic! That
just makes it way too complicated!"

	She revved up the drill and looked thoughtfully into Joy's propped open
mouth. She slowly, very slowly, moved the drill into the bug-eyed redhead's
gaping mouth and began drilling a molar. Joy's baby blues opened wide. Her bare
bum arched up from the chair, every muscle in her lithe young body straining
mightily against the thick studded straps.

	The four cameramen had their assigned positions. One focussed on Joy's
contorted face as Miki ground away slowly, but patiently. One captured Joy in
profile, sweating, nude body arching up in anguish, big tits quivering liquidly.
One shot up between her legs, focussing on her exposed cunt and rectum weaving
obscenely. The fourth cameraman focussed on Tiff, recording her reaction to what
was obviously going to happen to her next.

	The party had been going on for quite a while, Miki keeping Joy humming in
unbelievable anguish. Suddenly, the cameraman focussing on Joy's red, sweating
face let out a groan and sank to the floor, the expensive camera dropping from
his nerveless fingers.

	Miki spun around. Wearing only an open black leather vest, black leather
miniskirt and thigh high boots, she grunted as two darts embedded themselves in
her bare belly. Her eyes followed the wires from the darts to the man holding
the taser. Then the electric jolt hit her in the guts like an express train and
everything went black.




	Chapter 11 - Dealer's Moist Choice

	Miki came to, strapped down in one of the dental chairs. Her guts ached.
Ursula was strapped down, bare-assed and squirming, in the other one. A bright
red ball gag kept a very wide awake and desperate looking Ursula from
contributing to the conversation. Mary was the only other awake person in the
room. Miki's camera crew lay snoozing on the floor, tranquilizer darts sticking
out of their rumps. Mary spoke.

	"Miki, we've got to talk. You've been a very naughty girl and naughty girls
ought to be punished. Tiffany and Joy want you gutted with a rusty knife after
Tiffany carves off your ears and Joy grinds down all your teeth."

	Miki looked at her impassively, massively unimpressed. Mary sighed. She
recognized a rock-hard bitch when she saw one. She rested a hand on Miki's
thigh.

	"They're both young and foolish. I don't want to take on the Yakuza. They're
at least ten times the size of the Mafia, they're better organized and they're
much more ruthlessly efficient. This floating torture chamber is merely an
insignificant grain of sand on the Yakuza beach."

	Miki looked at her coolly.

	"Not totally insignificant. The Oyabun will be displeased if anything
happens to it."

	Mary looked regretful.

	"Bottom line is: I'm going to let you walk. I won't bore you with the legal
instrument I used, but I've frozen Ursula's assets. I've stripped her of
everything. She can't pay you anything. As of now, she has nothing, not even
clothes on her back."

	Ursula shook her head violently and tried shouting through her gag. Mary and
Miki ignored her as Mary continued.

	"Once I found the ears at Ursula's place, I knew that I had to act fast. The
ears weren't hard to find, neither were the videotapes. Ursula's been a very
careless gold-digger."

	Ursula continued to bounce and squeal into her gag as Miki's cruel, slitted
eyes took in her delectable body, thinking of the possibilities while Mary
outlined her hastily constructed deal.

	"I'm taking the girls. This puts you in bad with your boss, the Oyabun,
right? You can't finish your torture tapes and snuff film and you're out
whatever money that Ursula was going to pay you when you delivered Tiffany's
head to her."

	The money bit was something that Ursula had concocted to keep Helmut out of
it. Mary knew there was something fishy there, but didn't have the time to delve
deeper. Her priority was rescuing the girls. Money made sense to her, so she
went with it.

	"What would normally happen is that the Oyabun disciplines you and your crew
for being careless and makes a painful example of me for butting into his
business. Well, I'm not into pain. Ursula sold you out, by the way. She told us
everything, sang like a bird."

	Ursula looked utterly horrified as Miki's ice-cold eyes glanced at her
contemptuously. Ursula shook her head violently and looked desperate to put her
spin on things.

	"A knowledgable woman like you knows what bone-scraping is?"

	Ursula moaned in fear as Miki smiled.

	"Yes, of course you do. Well, Ursula can't stand it. She ratted you out
completely or else we wouldn't be here now, would we?"

	Ursula bounced violently in her chair at this, but it had held much stronger
and more violent women than her. Miki looked at her speculatively. Ursula's
blood ran cold. Mary made her an offer.

	"What I propose is that Ursula take Tiffany's place and I pay you what
Ursula would have paid you when you deliver Ursula's head to me so that we can
prove her unfortunate demise. This way, you get the money and the films. That's
all that your boss, the Oyabun, cares about. He's not going to sweat the
details. Tell him that the movies you've made so far of Joy and Tiffany are a
bonus, two young whores that you sweated good. The film of their snuff didn't
turn out or something. He won't know the difference as long as I keep Joy and
Tiffany's stories out of the newspapers."

	Miki put on her best poker face as she realized that there were a few little
flaws in Mary's hastily concocted rescue scheme. For example, she didn't know
that the Oyabun was due to arrive very soon so that he could supervise
everything personally. Miki nodded solemnly.

	"That could work! All the Oyabun knows is that I am taking care of two young
fluffs and being paid for it by some American bitch. The only problem is that I
need another quiff to snuff. Got anybody in mind?"

	Mary smiled to cover the fact that pain queen Miki gave her the willies.

	"As a matter of fact I do have someone in mind and she's gorgeous! I've had
her followed. Here's where you can scoop her no problem. There's a fitness
place, rather presumptiously called 'THE Health Club' attached to her apartment
building. You can find her there most nights when she isn't being some richboy's
fucktoy. Got to keep her professional assets toned!"

	

	She tossed an index card with Bobbi's name and address on it in Miki's lap.
Miki looked thoughtful.

	"A health club, eh?"

	Mary stood.

	"Your crew is just drugged with tranquilizer darts. No harm done. Oh, by the
way, I want the videotapes of you putting Ursula and her friend through their
paces. Take your time. There's no rush. I may throw in a bonus or two if you
really make Ursula and her buddy dance."

	Mary unbuckled Miki and left the room. Miki made a quick call on her cell
phone. Mary's main mistake was in thinking that Miki, like her, was motivated by
greed and self-interest. While this was true, another factor easily overrode it.
In crime, as in business and sports, the Japanese are solidly team players. Miki
was more likely to chop off her own tits than to betray, or even try to fool,
the Oyabun. The second consideration was that if security had been slack, it
wasn't her fault. Others were likely to lose the tip of a finger up to the first
joint. Many Yakuza were missing the first joint of a pinkie. Cutting off the tip
of a finger was a traditional punishment among them and an ancient one,
stoically born, harking back to the days when it served to weaken an erring
samurai's sword hand without incapacitating him completely.

	Mary had mistakenly thought that Miki was in charge. Everyone thinks that
the star is in charge, but the director and producer are the true bosses.
Security wasn't Miki's primary concern. Her job was sweating the bitches in
front of the cameras.   

	Miki walked over to Ursula, who was staring up at her in deep, deep dread.

	A long needle rested suggestively on the table next to Ursula. Miki picked
it up and shook her head. Lawyers, you had to love 'em.

	The camera crew began to stir. Miki rested her hand on Ursula's trembling
thigh and ran a fingernail over her shaved slit. Miki eyed the needle
significantly, sat down next to the rich man's fucktoy and felt her up while
chatting in a bright, friendly voice.

	"Ursula, we've got to talk. As someone said to me recently, you've been a
very, very naughty girl and naughty girls have to be punished! I'm going to wait
until my camera crew is up and ready to film the event. We'll just have to give
this bone scraping thing a shot!"

	Ursula whimpered in total terror. 




	Chapter 12 - Raging Pussies

	Tiffany was furious. Her eyes blazed. She screamed at Mary as the powerful
speedboat carried them and Mary's mercenary muscle away from the Yakuza yacht
and back to dry land.

	"You can't let her go! She cut off my ears! I want her chopped into tiny
fucking bits and fed to the sharks! That's what she was going to do to us! She's
a bitch from hell. Burn her face! Ram a red-hot poker up her ass! Break every
fucking, goddam bone in her body! Shatter her teeth! Gouge out her eyes! Rip out
her guts! I want that bitch dead, dead, dead!!"

	Joy nodded vehemently. Her mouth was swollen and she was having difficulty
speaking, but she endorsed Tiffany's sentiments one hundred percent.

	Mary was accustomed to rich brats pulling tantrums. The display of rich
bitch temper left her unfazed. Privately, she thought that Tiffany was right. As
a lawyer, however, she saw herself as a realist, both feet planted firmly on the
ground, a deal-maker who dealt in what was possible, not in what were, to her,
abstract and unrealizable concepts of justice.

	"Look! You're lucky to get away! It was your stepmother's fault. The 'bitch
from hell' is going to fry her and her friend Bobbi into oblivion. They're the
ones who are going to get chopped up and fed to the sharks! It's what they
deserve! They are the true culprits! I've made a deal, the only deal possible!
Miki will send me the tapes. We'll get some popcorn and watch them scream and
get snuffed hard. It must be kept out of the papers and away from the police. If
the Yakuza come after us, we'll all be screaming on our way to becoming shark
food! I've made a deal with them, but you fuck it and yourselves if you go to
the cops! I know a discreet doctor with a private clinic. He'll look after you."

	She continued hammering this home until they understood. Mary made a point
that was key from her bull-dyke perspective.

	"Your father was a fine, hard-working businessman before that gold-digger
Ursula got her claws into him and began destroying him. She's a fuckbitch
preying on the rich! She's what's wrong with the world! Women sucking up to men!
It's disgraceful!"



	Joy and Tiffany nodded, barely stifling a smile at this lesbo rant. They
were, however, in solid agreement on Ursula. Tiffany spoke for them both.

	"I want to see that bitch fried! When you get the tapes, give us a call.
I'll bring the popcorn!"

	Joy nodded emphatically, her eyes hard with hate.




	Chapter 13 - Sucked Dry

	While Mary worked loyally to rescue Tiffany and Joy and mete out some rough
justice to Ursula with Bobbi soon to follow, Jason Highliner sat propped up in
his hospital bed, a big, stupid grin plastered on his pasty, sweating face. The
readings on the old horndog's monitor were growing ever more spiky and erratic.
Under the covers, Bobbi licked his love pipe, running her tongue along the
underside and sucking his knob hard while pumping him vigorously with her
strong, encircling hand.

	As part of a deep fuckbitch philosophy session, she and Ursula had wondered
if a dying man's snake slime tasted different. More importantly, Bobbi wanted to
make sure that she won their bet. True, Jason had experienced the big one
between her legs, but it didn't quite finish him off, which was part of the
deal. Ursula could use it to welsh on her. While she didn't trust Ursula an
inch, she did trust her tonguing of Jason's throbbingly erect six inches to
deliver the goods.

	The alarms sounded as Jason unloaded for the final time. Bobbi quickly
withdrew her head from under the blanket and stood up, coolly brushing her
dishevelled hair while the doctors and nurses poured in, hardly sparing her a
glance, their eyes fastened on the dying horndog.

	While Jason Highliner flatlined for the last time, his dead body spasming on
the bed under the shock paddles, Bobbi ran his oyster juice thoughtfully over
her tongue, savouring the taste of his final ejaculation. It did taste
different: thinner, saltier, acrid, a tad bitter to her connoisseur tastebuds.



	Definitely a rare vintage.




	Chapter 14 - Empty Helmut

	Helmut was kicking himself for not spotting the set-up. He had gotten
over-confident and the yacht had looked like easy pickings. The Coast Guard had
caught him and his gang quite literally with their pants down as they prepared
to rape a pair of naked undercover agents who hadn't been prepared for the
pirates' quick, ruthless efficiency in fucking over the meat.

	Kneeling, with the choke ropes around their necks, they had been hard at
work gobbling pirate dick by the time their tardy back-up had arrived. The
capture had been videotaped and 'pirate' copies were quickly circulated at cop
shops far and wide of undercover agents Melanie and Renee in all their naked,
dick slurping glory.

	While this guaranteed agents Melanie and Renee some serious mental trauma
disability leave, it also sealed Helmut's fate. There was no way that he and his
gang could claim that they were accidentally choking two bound, naked,
blubberingly hysterical undercover officers kneeling on the deck, being forced
to give head to a group of grinning, bare-ass pirates.

	In the interview room, Helmut was introduced to the prosecuting attorney.
His heart plummetted.

	Maybelle Honeybottom was drop dead gorgeous. Honey blond, big blue eyes,
long lashes, fabulous legs, very full-figured, Maybelle was a walking wet dream.
Every male member in the jury was going to be throbbingly erect during the whole
trial. They were all going to be thinking with the little head between their
legs. When she asked them to convict, they would only ask how many life
sentences she wanted Helmut to serve consecutively. If she asked for the death
penalty, they'd ask how many times he could be fried and if he could be hung and
drawn and quartered as well.

	"My poor empty Helmut! You really have been very bad and not too bright.
I've just seen the video of your capture along with the sworn testimony of
officers Melanie and Renee, not to mention the hidden cameras on the yacht
recording your every disgusting, perverted little move. Have you been told that
I have a one hundred percent conviction rate? Though, in your case, it's hardly
much of a challenge!"

	She smiled warmly.

    

	"Officers Melanie and Renee are anxious that you and your men receive the
finest medical care possible!"

	Helmut scowled and looked at her mistrustfully.

	"I assured them that, regardless of whatever ultra-violent prison hellhole
you and your men end up in, and regardless of however many huge vicous
over-aggressive scumbags I arrange as your room mates, the doctors in the
infirmary will have had lots of experience in stitching up torn, bleeding
rectums. You'll all be back with your huge boyfriends in no time!"




	Chapter 15 - Japanese Disciplinary Action

	Mary picked up her phone. It had been a busy day. Getting Joy and Tiffany a
place at an exclusive clinic had been a surprisingly difficult exercise. The
exclusive clinic was booked solid. She had used all her strong bargaining skills
to bump a couple of people and get Joy and Tiffany a place. She hadn't heard
about Jason Highliner's ecstatic demise and, indeed, never would. On the phone,
her secretary, Brandi, sounded a little strained.

	"Um. Mary?"

	"Yes, Brandi? What is it? I'm about to leave!"

	"Um. Could you stay a bit longer?"

	Brandi definitely sounded stressed. Probably more boyfriend trouble. Mary
made a mental note to straighten her out about men. Brandi was wrong-headedly
heterosexual in Mary's opinion. Why couldn't she be more like Bambi, Mary's
adoring, ultra-feminine assistant? Bambi spent a lot of time worshiping between
Mary's legs. Mary was so strong, while she was so weak! Mary experienced a small
frisson of pleasure as she flashed back to Bambi's warm, pink tongue licking her
stiff clit. Brandi's troubled voice brought her back to reality.

	"You have a last minute client. He says to tell you that he is a Mr. Windsor
from England. He's says that he's new in this country and is interested in a
real estate deal.  John Harmon apparently recommended you to him!"

	Mary spoke curtly.

	"Very well, Brandi. Send him in."

	Real estate deals were an extremely lucrative side-line for Mary. John
Harmon was a wealthy industrialist who threw a lot of very profitable business
her way. He had a few mob connections, but what successful businessman didn't?
Mary had a few herself. Windsor was the family name of the English Royal family.
Maybe one of Royals was travelling incognito to make a few quiet deals for Queen
Elizabeth II, one of the wealthiest women on earth. Mary permitted herself a
small amount of speculative excitement.

	She looked up in surprise as the door to her office slammed against the wall
and her secretary was propelled into the room. Several tough looking Japanese in
business suits walked in as if they owned the place. Two of them pointed guns at
Mary. The Oyabun nodded at the secretary.

	"Take her into the bathroom. She has no need to hear this. See what she has
to offer!"

	The lovely young secretary was hustled into the adjoining bathroom by two
goons. They took a video camera . The door shut behind them.

	Mary looked at the Oyabun, a short, powerfully built man who radiated
authority. Two of the men with him had video cameras focussed on her. She licked
her lips and started to speak. He cut her off.

	"Not a word, woman! Stand up and remove your clothes. Stack them neatly on
the desk. If you refuse, my men will cut your clothes off and slice you a few
times in the process."

	Mary stood up and began to strip. She tried to speak, to make a deal. The
Kobun roared at her, a thick rubber strap in his hand.

	"Speak only to answer Mr. Kobayashi's questions! You speak out of turn, we
cut off your tongue!"

	She stood naked before him, her clothes stacked neatly before her on the
desk. Quite a nice, well-exercised, full-figured body. Not bad at all for a
middle-aged woman. The Oyabun gestured to the floor in front of him. He had a
hard-edged voice that cut like a samurai's blade, not exactly the stereotypical
polite oriental.

	"Get down onto your knees and elbows, woman! Raise your head and keep it
raised so that the cameras can capture your facial expressions as you accept
discipline!"

	Mary got down. She shut her eyes.

	"Keep your eyes open, woman!"

	

	She opened them.

	"Spread your knees nice and wide!"

	Mary did it, exposing herself completely. The Kobun with the rubber strap
laid down the rules.

	"You will accept twenty-five strokes on your bare bum with a rubber strap.
As you will find out, a rubber strap is more painful than a leather strap - more
snap. You will count backwards from twenty-five with each stroke. Twenty-five,
twenty-four, twenty-three, like that. If you forget to count, or if you lose
count, you get an extra stroke. Understand?"

	Mary took a deep breath and nodded.

	"Yes, I understand!"

	"Good!"

	The strap began snapping viciously, raising thick red welts. A yelping Mary
tried hard to count backwards.

	In the washroom, excellent progress was being made as well. The boys had
shown Brandi how the electric prod worked. A powerfully motivated Brandi was now
eagerly showing the boys her goodies and her sexual skillset. They had
established that she was only a bleach blond. The big tits were real. No stretch
marks or scars. Thick, pouty cuntlips. She was a tightie. She was no stranger to
anal sex. She swallowed the cum nicely instead of spitting it out rudely when
she gave head. The camera captured it all.

	In the office, Mary felt like her ass was on fire as she lay flat on her
back on top of her desk, spreading her muscular, shapely legs prettily for her
heavily tattooed Japanese visitors. They were tattooed only up to the neck and
just short of the wrists, so that their tattoos were not visible when they wore
a suit. A tattooed oriental is always bad news. They didn't always want to
advertise their Yakuza connection. Stalking their prey, it was important to
blend in. However, once the gang bang began, it hardly mattered. 

	The room went silent as there was a polite knock on the door. A soft, gentle
voice  enquired anxiously.

	"Mary, it's Bambi. Is there something wrong? May I come in?"

	Mary jerked violently, but couldn't warn Bambi as a hand was clamped over
her mouth. The door was opened and her lovely assistant was jerked into the room
and quickly persuaded to show everyone her goodies and demonstrate her sexual
skills for the cameras. The meek, gentle beauty with the soft pink tongue turned
out to be quite the piccolo player.

	It was just before midnight that Mary, Brandi and Bambi were taken, battered
and crusted with semen, down to the basement. They paused briefly to get down on
their knees and give head to the grinning security guards. After that, they were
blindfolded, gagged, hogtied, loaded into the back of a laundry truck and driven
to the docks.




	Chapter 16 - Fitness Babes

	The beauty manning the desk at THE Health Club was definitely a treat for
the eyes. The name tag pinned to her sweat top said JOANNE. Sweatband holding
her long blond hair in place, a loose sweat top covering the fact that she was
bra-less, skintight spandex shorts that revealed no trace of a panty line, but
did outline her cuntlips, wearing expensive running shoes and white sweat socks,
Joanne was one yummy fitness babe. She looked up as the men came in the door.

	"Hey! I'm sorry guys, but it's a ladies only night. During the day we're
co-ed but, at night, to handle the extra volume, we do alternate nights: one for
the guys and one for the gals. This happens to be a ladies fitness night."

	"Ladies fitness night? That's just what we were looking for!"

	Miki smiled warmly at her. The fitness babe looked coolly back. She didn't
like Miki one bit.

	"Do you have a membership?"

	"I don't need one!"

	The fitness babe snorted and rolled her eyes. She locked eyes with Miki,
preparing to be brutally firm with this arrogant bitch, something she thought
that she was rather good at. Preoccupied with Miki, she failed to notice one of
the Japanese gentlemen quietly easing around behind her.

	Her eyes opened wide as her spandex shorts were jerked down around her
ankles from behind.

	"Hey, Miki, she's not wearing any panties!"

	Miki grinned.

	"How convenient, Kao!"

	The fitness babe stared at her in shock. As she started to struggle, Kao
jerked her sweatshirt up around her head, trapping her arms.

	"No bra, either!"

	Miki turned to the men.

	"It looks like your lucky day, gentlemen!"

	As they carried the lithely writhing fitness babe into the office to spend
some quality time with her orifices, Miki sauntered to the door, let in the rest
of the gang and took up her position behind the desk. She was looking through
the expensive computer system, admiring the simple, easy-to-understand click and
point interface, when someone rapped politely on the desk next to her. She
looked up to see two stewardesses.

	"Ahem! You seemed rather intent there! Computer trouble? Where's the usual
girl - Joanne?"

	Miki smiled brightly.

	"She's showing some new people around who came to fill a few openings!"

	The stewardesses laughed lustily.

	"I could use someone to fill a few of my openings!"

	She nudged her friend playfully.

	"Mitzi too!"

	Mitzi laughed.

	"Yeah! Kirsten and I are going to hit some clubs later, but we want to get
buffed first! Buffed and then boffed!"

	Miki joked back.

	"I can arrange some of that!"

	Kirsten winked.

	"Which one? The buffing or the boffing?"

	Miki winked back.

	"Both!"

	Giggling, the stewardesses handed over their fitness club cards and Miki
scanned them in. She looked in surprise at the computer screen.

	"Mitzi and Kirsten! I've got some good news for you! You've each just won a
lifetime membership in the club! I can't leave the desk, but if you just go to
the end of the hall and knock on the door labelled LAUNDRY, some people there
will spell out the details and give you complimentary free gift packs!"

	As the stewardesses headed expectantly down the hall, Miki spoke into her
cell phone.

	"Incoming! Two winners!"

	 Looking through the bookings, she noticed that Bobbi was already on the
premises.

	"Excuse me, bitte! My name is Lisl and this is JoJo."

	

	Miki looked up at two statuesque beauties. High cheekbones, long flowing
hair, knee-high boots, leather micro-minishirts, skimpy halter tops and black
leather vests, they were visions indeed. Lisl spoke with a lilting Austrian
accent.

	"We are fashion models from Austria! We are here temporarily for a fashion
shoot. This club comes highly recommended! Do you have such a thing as a
temporary membership?"

	Miki was enchanted. They chatted briefly about the fashion models'
adventures in the United States. JoJo (pronounced yo-yo) had little English, but
Lisl was fluent. Having ascertained that the high profile Austrian beauties had
come here on impulse, had no close friends in town and that no one knew they
were here, Miki grinned.

	"Ladies! This is a lucky day indeed!"

	She spent the next hours scoping out the clientel, sending good-looking
prize-winners down to 'collect' (and be collected) in the laundry room at the
end of the hall. She closed down early, locking the front door and going on a
little prowl through the club with the boys.   

	Bobbi was exhausted. Between sucking Jason to death and fucking her new
richboy playmate, it had been a busy day. Bobbi loved THE Health Club. Attached
to her apartment building, it was perfect for keeping her tight body toned and
tanned. She relaxed in the steamy sauna, clad only in a towel. Time to open up
the pores and mellow out. She and Ursula saw eye to eye on the importance of
pampering themselves. She envied her buddy Ursula. Ursula had hit gold-digger
paydirt, bigtime. She wondered if richboy had a weak heart or a tendency towards
aneurisms that could be encouraged along and if she could corral him into a
quickie marriage before his family found out.

	The steam swirled thickly in the sauna as Bobbi relaxed, dreaming of quick
riches, of fucking her way to the top. She heard the door open and saw vague
shapes in the mist. Probably some of the girls after a workout. Miki, clad
demurely in a towel, sat next to her. She flashed Bobbi a friendly smile.

	"You're Bobbi, aren't you? Ursula's friend?"

	Bobbi nodded. Miki grinned.

	"Have I got a surprise for you!"

	She beckoned to the other shapes in the mist.

	Out in the hallway, two off-duty nurses had finished their workout and were
looking forward to a mellow, relaxing sauna. Patrice looked at the CLOSED FOR
REPAIRS sign on the sauna door. Her friend Cheryl tried it anyway. It was
locked. She listened intently.

	"Yeah! You can hear that they're working hard in there!"

	Patrice put her ear to the door.

	"Sounds like a gang bang! They're grunting away like rutting pigs!"

	Cheryl gave Patrice a playful push.

	"Don't be silly! Get your mind out of the gutter, babe! I'll swear that new
boyfriend of yours has given you sex on the brain! Let's hit the showers. A nice
hot shower will be almost as good as a sauna."

	Cheryl winked and gave Patrice a friendly nudge.

	"I'll take the hot shower. You definitely need a cold one!"

	Patrice laughed good-naturedly as they wandered off to the showers.

	"You're just jealous 'cause he's a real hunk and a stud-muffin to boot!"

	"Damn right!"

	Cheryl and Patrice, in separate shower stalls, had their eyes shut, facing
up into the spray as Miki walked down the line of showers, scoping out the
talent. She nodded.

	Cheryl and Patrice looked at the nozzles in puzzlement as the water suddenly
turned off. There was an alarming patter of running feet, strong hands jerked
them out of their stalls and their naked, well-soaped buddies were sandwiched
between rock-hard rapists, opening their holes while what seemed like an army of
hands groped and squeezed.

	It had been a busy hour for the Yakuza cunt hunting squad. The laundry
sacks, tied shut, moaned and bounced on the floor. Miki addressed the sacked
fitness babes impatiently.

	"If you make one sound, we will pound your laundry sack with baseball bats
until you are quiet - dead quiet!"

	Instant silence.

	Outside THE Health Club, two winos were watching with interest as an amazing
number of laundry sacks were loaded into a truck.

	"Hey, Freddie! Look at all those laundry sacks on the sidewalk! Probably
filled with towels. They sure go through a lot of towels at that fitness club!"

	"Yeah! You're right, Ernie."

	"Hey, Fred! It says on the sign that it's a ladies fitness night tonight."

	"So what?"

	"Well, that means that each of those towels has wiped a sweaty babe,
probably between the legs! We should open one of the sacks and get a sniff!"

	"You're a sick pervert, Ernie!"

	Ernie batted his eyelashes and affected a lisp.

	"I bet you thay that to all the guyth, Fweddie!"

	Fred laughed and punched him hard in the shoulder. Ernie wasn't feeling much
pain, so he barely noticed the punch.

	Giggling and snorting, shoving each other cheerfully, they staggered on to
the liquor store as the truck with it's load of fear-laden laundry sacks pulled
away from the curb.    




	Chapter 17 - Recycled Quims

	The country clinic was extremely restful. The singing birds, the beautiful
flowers in the elaborately tended gardens, the superb cuisine and the polite,
cheerful staff had a profoundly healing, deeply soothing effect. Tiffany and Joy
were starting to get over their trauma and relax, enjoying themselves on the
balcony. Their private room was more like a luxurious two bedroom condo.

	 The friendly nurse brought around their pills.

	"Time for your pain-relievers, ladies! A few of these and your aches and
pains will vanish like magic! Completely non-addictive and disappointingly
legal!"

	Joy and Tiffany laughed. Tiffany's head ached where her ears used to be. A
plastic surgeon would be looking in soon to help her select new ears. A dentist
had fixed Joy's teeth, but they still ached miserably. The pain-relievers would
be a welcome relief. They gulped down the pills.

	A short time later, the Oyabun smiled as their unconscious bodies were
loaded into packing cases and their belongings packed up and carried off. He
bowed politely and shook hands with the Nurse. The Nurse had been most helpful.
The Oyabun was deeply grateful for her assistance in this most delicate matter.
The Nurse, a heavyset, middle-aged woman with a gambling habit, was deeply
grateful for the Oyabun's intervention with her creditors.

	"Thanks so much for bailing me out, Mr. Kobayashi! I was so worried! Those
men were going to do terrible things to me!"

	The Oyabun gestured at the two packing cases containing her former charges
as they were put on a trolley and rolled out the door along with their
suitcases.

	"There will be no problem about them?"

	The Nurse snorted. Her ass-licking bedside manner dropped like a stone.

	"They're rich bitches! They check in, abuse the staff and check out at will!
The only thing that would be missed is their money. You're paying their bill, so
that's OK. There's lots more pampered brats where they came from! I'll just tell
the Director that they signed themselves out like a lot of the other spoiled
bitches do! There's a waiting list to get into this joint. They bumped a couple
of people to get in. Believe me, the Director won't care as long as we keep all
the available slots filled!"

	The Yakuza have a long tradition as gamblers. He studied the Nurse
carefully. He knew hardcore when he saw it.

	"In future, bet wisely!"

	The Nurse laughed.

	"Well, at least you're not silly enough to tell me to give it up!"

	The Oyabun waggled his eyebrows at her and pretended to look horrified.

	"Give up!! Please! I'm a gambling man myself. You shouldn't say such things!
Very bad for business!"

	They had a good chuckle together. The Oyabun was not without badboy charm.




	Chapter 18 - Scream Queen

	Brandi shreiked with each blow of the hammer as her tightly clamped tits
were nailed to the beam. Running along one edge of the beam, an attached steel
clamping bar had been screwed down tightly at the base of her love mountains
forcing them to bulge provocatively over the rest of the beam. The heavy spikes
were being hammered through the bulging tit-meat.

	Prior to her moment to scream for the cameras, Dr. Novotny had injected
Mary's secretary with something he called shabu.

	"Amphetamines! Ya gotta love 'em, Brandi. They'll keep you wide awake,
deeply fearful, wonderfully sensitive to pain! You'll be pumped up so that you
can't pass out and you can't go into shock! I've prepared the perfect cocktail
of drugs to keep you performing while the cameras record every twitch and jerk,
every scream, sob and whimper."

	He jabbed the slim needle into the crook of her elbow and emptied the
syringe. He squeezed her buns and ran the edge of his hand along the crack of
her ass.

	"Do me proud, Brandi!"

	Miki's bold health club raid had given them too much meat to be handled on
the yacht. The Oyabun had taken over a deserted warehouse. His production crews
were working furiously.

	While the cameras recorded Brandi's bulging tit meat being hammered to the
heavy wooden beam, Iona watched in total terror. Like the other beauties that
had been scooped in Miki's daring raid, Iona was a deeply tramautized young
woman. She couldn't believe how quickly her life had been turned to shit. One
moment, she had been a babe who had fucked her way to the top, with a hard
working executive hubby that she hardly ever saw handing over his paycheck to
spend as she pleased. The next moment, she was stripped naked and having her
pretty face forced into a buckeful of shit and piss while the cameras rolled.

	Iona's moments in the piss, shit and vomit video had been followed by the
piercing video. The once haughty redhead now sported nipple rings, labial rings,
a clit ring, a nose ring and a tongue stud. She hated the thick tongue stud. It
made everything she said sound like some retard with a speech impediment. Her
cunt was now tattooed on the inside. They had done it the slow, excruciating
way, using a stretching frame and wooden needles. Others had been selected for
the whipping videos. She had been led past the room where they dangled, nude and
sweating, tied by their wrists to ringbolts set in the ceiling, twisting and
kicking frantically, sobbing and shreiking, while the long whips cracked
viciously, cutting deep red gashes in creamy white skin for the cameras. Every
now and again there was the sound of a bladder emptying, pattering like yellow
rain onto the floor. The sharp smell of piss, sweat and blood slapped her in the
face as she was hustled past the open doorway.

	She shuddered with each hammer blow as Brandi's bulging udders were nailed
to the beam. Iona wondered what her role in this charming video moment was going
to be. She wasn't kept in suspense long.

	The ends of Brandi's beam were bolted to the forks of a forklift. Small
bones crunched as her wrists were nailed to the beam to provide some much-needed
extra support. Iona's nipple, nose, clit and labial rings were padlocked to
chains attached to the back end of the forklift. The forklift driver revved the
engine and started the dance.

	Brandi shreiked dementedly as the forks lifted and lowered while the
forklift twirled like a top, dragging Iona screaming along behind. Brandi kicked
hard as she was hoisted completely off the ground, her long, shapely legs
scissoring wildly. Dragged by her genitals behind the whirling forklift, Iona's
stretched and torn piercings dripped blood.

	A large pan filled with kerosene was lit. The forklift driver positioned a
shreiking, writhing Brandi over the flames for a few moments while her legs and
buttocks cooked red in the heat. He spun around and bumped Iona so that she
danced into the pan of flames, hysterically lifting her legs high, splashing
herself with kerosene. Once she was a shreiking ball of prancing flame-engulfed
snuffmeat, he turned around and resumed cooking Brandi. 

	The Oyabun smiled. America was indeed the land of opportunity.




	Chapter 19 - Desperate to Deal

	"Oooo! You're so strong and powerful, Miki!"

	Always attracted to strong women, pretty, delicate Bambi was in love. The
power to strip, beat, torture and snuff with impunity was the most intoxicating
power that Bambi could imagine. It made Miki the most powerful woman she had
ever met. She gazed at her adoringly.

	All Miki was wearing was a pair of spike heeled, thigh high, black leather
boots. Miki parted her thighs and gestured between her legs. Bambi got to her
knees and demonstrated her virtuoso tonguing technique. Miki's clit was stiff in
no time. She pulled Bambi away from her muff and strapped on the dildo so that
it was pressing enchantingly against her stiff clit. Miki was appreciative.

	"You're a real talent, Bambi!"

	"I've had lots of practise!"

	"Well, you're going to get lots more once I'm done here!"

	"Good! You taste sweet, Miki!"

	Bambi glanced disdainfully at Mary, who had been watching it all, saying
nothing, glumly awaiting Miki's attentions. Bambi looked eagerly at Miki,
jumping up and down like a small child.

	"Ooooh! Can I watch? Please? Please? Pretty please?"

	Miki always liked an audience and felt charitably disposed to her pet
lap-licker.

	"Certainly! Just don't get in the way!"

	"Sweat Mary hard, Miki! I used to think that she was smart, but she's a real
fuck-up, isn't she?"

	"She couldn't have fucked up worse, sweatmeat!"

	Carefully Miki greased the strap-on dildo with vaseline. She pulled on
gloves and sprinkled fibreglass powder onto the vaseline. Mary's ass was going
to burn for days, assuming she lasted that long. 

	Spread-eagled, hanging naked by her wrists from the ceiling, face red with
embarassment, Mary grunted as Miki guided the strap-on dildo into her rectum
and, with a practised thrust of her hips, buried it deep. It seemed to Mary that
she was always being degraded while a crowd of men with cameras swarmed around
her recording everything. Her indecently intimate humiliations were very public
events. Having it done in front of the girl who used to idolize her was shame
indeed. Miki stuck a tongue in her ear, squeezed her tits and pumped the dildo
vigorously with her hips, working the fiberglass powder in.

	"Mary! Let me know when you've had enough!"

	"I've had enough!!"

	Miki laughed, squeezed Mary's tits and pumped harder. Mary was upset.

	"I thought you wanted to know when I'd had enough! I'VE HAD ENOUGH!!!"

	Miki pushed the dildo in to it's full depth and bounced up and down hard,
her erect nipples scrubbing Mary's bare back, her stiff clit sending sharp jolts
of pleasure to her brain. Mary gasped as the long dildo was stirred vigorously
deeply inside her aching, tightly stretched shithole. She was really starting to
feel the burn. Miki fingered Mary's smooth shaven pussy.

	"I was just curious! I didn't say I would stop!"

	Bambi giggled. The cameramen snorted.

	Mary, ever the lawyer, was still looking for a deal that didn't exist.

	"Please, I'll do anything!"

	"What do you have that I don't already have, my ass-reamed fuckslut? I've
stolen your ex-girlfriend's affections and I've got you opening your heinie hole
for me! Really burns, doesn't it? From now on, whenever you shit, you'll think
of me! Pretty fucking romantic, eh?"

	Miki started a series of long, deep thrusts, wiggling her hips violently
whenever her pubic bone snugged up against Mary's tight buttocks. Mary whispered
hoarsely.

	"You want money?"

	Miki cooed prettily in Mary's ear.

	"Oooooooo! Money! I just looooove money! Mmmmmm! I bet you have lots and
lots of money! Ooooooo! Tell me how you're going to give me all your money,
Mary!"

	The men running the cameras laughed coarsely. Bambi tittered derisively.
That's when it really hit home. Mary wailed in misery and began blubbering
brokenly.

	"Ahhhhhh! Pooooor baby!"




	Chapter 20 - A Close Shave

	Spread-eagled on her back on the slanted restraining table, Tiffany sweated
as she watched Miki strop the wicked-looking straight razor. The ever-present
cameramen were circling, capturing her gorgeous, panting torso from a wide
variety of enchanting angles.  

	"Uh, what are you going to do?"

	Miki smiled sweetly.

	"You'll find out. Are you in a rush for it to happen?"

	"Uh, no!"

	Miki rinsed the soles of Tiff's bare feet with cool water. She brushed on
shaving cream. The brush tickled, but Tiff wasn't laughing.

	"You're being prepped for the big show! Now don't twitch or it could get
quite painful!"

	Miki carefully scraped the razor over the sensitive soles of Tiff's
quivering feet, removing the shaving cream.

	"I'm removing all hair except your head hair and your eyebrows so that
you'll be smooth for the cameras when it comes time to give your all for art.
All the performers in my little show are going to be smooth as silk and looking
like the yummiest little painsluts anyone ever saw. There's no hair on the soles
of your feet, but losing a few layers of skin all over should sensitize you
nicely!"

	She rinsed off and lathered up Tiff's pretty face. Painstakingly, she sliced
off every bit of fine blond fuzz. She stroked Tiff's soft, silky cheek.

	"You and the others are going to be smooth as a baby's bum, Tiffany."

	Her arms and armpits were rinsed, lathered and shaved. Enquiring minds
wanted to know.

	"After I'm smooth as satin, then what?"

	Miki looked thoughtful.

	"Well, lets see! I think you wanted me chopped into tiny fucking bits and
fed to the sharks! Burn my face? Ram a red-hot poker up my ass! Break every
fucking, goddam bone in my body! Shatter my teeth! Gouge out my eyes! Rip out my
guts! Your voice carried quite clearly over the water! I love the way you think!
It turns out we have a lot in common!"

	"Uh, look, I'm sorry! I got a little carried away! You cut off my ears!"

	"Jeez, you're an awfully touchy little mouthpiece! Maybe I should slice off
your tongue to help you get over that problem!"

	Tiff gulped, but continued gamely.

	"Look, my Dad's rich! He can give you money!"

	Miki rolled her eyes.

	"Oh, puhlease! Don't give me that cornball line!"

	Tiff had the good grace to blush.

	"Sorry! It does sound stupid, doesn't it?"

	Miki's cruel, slitted eyes gleamed.

	"Money's nothing compared to true power! Power is everthing, you stupid
fuckslut!"  

	Tiff's monster melons were rinsed, lathered and shaved. The cool water
popped her nipples erect. Tiff held her breath, not daring to twitch as Miki
sliced carefully around them, bringing the gleaming blade perilously close to
the teat.

	Her taut belly was shaved. As were her long lovely legs. Tiff looked between
her legs.

	"If you cut off my pubic hair, no one will know that I'm a natural blond!"

	Miki calmly went to work between Tiff's parted thighs.

	"On the other hand, no one will know that some of the others aren't!"  

	Her pubic hair was lathered up and razored off. Miki did the shaving using
two small, careful strokes, one with the grain of the pubic hair and the other
against. She pulled Tiff's labia out and shaved the exquisitely sensitive skin
very delicately. Tiff was near tears. Miki loved using the straight razor. It
really caught a bitch's attention. She noticed that Tiff was holding her breath
and curling her toes as she scraped the sensitive area between Tiff's shithole
and her fuckhole. When she was done, Tiff took a deep breath and wailed.

	"Everyone will think I'm a slut! Only sluts shave their cunts!"

	Miki laughed.

	"Exactly! Lets face it, Tiff, you've got a lot more to worry about than a
few missing pubic hairs!"

	"Yeah, knowing you is a real slice!"

	"Exactly!"

	On that cheerful note, Tiff was flipped and the peachfuzz shaved from her
tight, perfect assglobes. Her beautifully tanned back had every microscopic hair
skimmed off by the gleaming blade. The backs of her long tanned legs were
lovingly made smooth.

	She was soaped and cleaned. Cotton balls and alcohol were used for a coolly
intimate second cleansing. Tiffany was dried and padded with baby powder. She
felt like she was in some sort of obscene spa. Miki eyed her critically.

	"OK! Now you're really ready to scream for the cameras! We can get serious!"

	Poor, earless Tiff felt like her heart had been ripped from her chest and
stomped on. It had just been light entertainment so far?




	Chapter 21 - Joy Gets Prepped

	Inside the small nursing station,  Joy bent over and pulled down her jeans.
Dr. Novotny jabbed the needle in her buttock, pressed the plunger and pumped the
drugs into her. He had his own little cocktail to prepare the girls for their
appearances, keeping them hyped up, very wide awake, deeply fearful and
exquisitely sensitive. Miki helped put Joy through the preparation.

	"Lift your top, Joy. Show Dr. Novotny your tits!"

	Dr. Novotny hefted her mammary and eased the long needle into the centre of
her nipple and depressed the plunger. A bruised, swollen nipple was something
the cameras loved. Random bruising was unacceptable. The beauties had to start
the performance pristine. Dr. Novotny was cheerful.

	"Just pumping in a bit of extra inflation. Tweaking your tits up a notch for
the cameras. Bigger is better, eh, Joy?"

	Joy started breathing again as he slowly withdrew the long needle from her
nipple. She held her breath once more while he did her other tit. Miki was
cheerful.

	"Don't bother trying to report Dr. Novotny to the American Medical
Association. They withdrew his license years ago! Something to do with molesting
the female patients, wasn't it?"

	Dr. Novotny grinned.

	"Absolutely! I'm actually doing a lot more business, and enjoying it hugely,
since I was barred from practising medicine by my distinguished,
pickle-up-their-ass colleagues!"

	Dr. Novotny gave Joy a intimate little grope. Since she had already opened
both her holes to him repeatedly over the last few days, it wasn't exactly a big
surprise, so she took it in stride. She was taking a lot of things in stride
these days.

	Miki guided Joy into the small studio. 

	Wearing jeans, Nikes and a flimsy t-shirt that said FUCKMEAT on the back,
Joy faced the ever-present cameras.

	A well-endowed girl with no bra will put on a jiggle show for the cameras
whether she wants to or not. Every time she breathed, Joy's nipples, pressing
hard against the one-size-too-small t-shirt, quivered enchantingly. It helped
that she was still shaking from one of Miki's intimate little shaving sessions.
Being pumped up on drugs, bennies and caffeine, having everyone tell her that it
was to keep her wide awake and screaming during the show, didn't exactly get rid
of the shakes either. Nor did it decrease the fear factor.   

	As instructed, a perfectly smooth Joy pulled down her pants, bent over and
touched her toes while the inevitable crew of cameramen filmed it all. She
blushed and squirmed as the greased enema probe was inserted. Miki was
encouraging.

	"You've got to be drained before the big show. We can't have you shitting
yourself while everyone watches!"

	Joy looked at the cameramen surrounding her, recording her every humiliation
for the insatiable extreme porn market. She wailed.

	"But everyone IS watching!"

	Miki laughed.

	"I mean in front of a live audience!"

	Joy looked at the cameramen as she squatted over the clear glass bowl.

	"So what are these guys? Zombies?"




	Chapter 22 - Correcting Faults Is An Act Of Charity

	The Oyabun was making a cautionary video to be shown to potential meddlers
so that they could fully understand the concept of consequences. 	

	Mary stood nervously in the lawyer power suit she had been wearing when
kidnapped. She had been professionally made up. The suit had been clean, pressed
and starched. She looked every inch the corporate lawyer again.

	The lighting crew adjusted the lighting and reflectors. The camera crew and
sound man double checked everything. All was ready.

	The Oyabun was directing this one. His hard-edged voice cracked like the
whip of an overseer.

	"Woman! What I want from you is simple! I will start by standing next to you
and making a speech in Japanese. You listen in respectful silence. After that, I
will leave you alone in front of the cameras. You take off your clothes, not
like a stripper, but in a simple, dignified, solemn way. Look very serious - no
smiling. Fold your clothes very neatly and place them on the floor in front of
you. Remove every stitch. When you are done, two large gentlemen will step up
and, standing on either side of you, will instruct you. Do what they say. Do you
understand what is required of you, woman?"

	Mary, a very different Mary from before, spoke humbly and respectfully.

	"Yes, Oyabun-san."

	The Oyabun liked to make sure. When the pressure was on, the dumb cunts
sometimes got flustered and confused.

	"Tell me what you have to do, woman!"

	"You make a speech and then leave. I listen respectfully during the speech.
I remove my clothes for the cameras, looking as serious and dignified as I can
under the circumstances. I fold and stack my clothes on the floor in front of
me. I remove every stitch. When I am done, two large gentlemen will instruct me.
I simply do as they say."

	"OK! Let's do it!"

	The Oyabun stood next to Mary, who stood, looking prim and proper, not
understanding a word. In Japanese, he briefly outlined her unspeakable offense
and went on to quote Jocho Yamamoto who said that reprimanding and correcting
faults was an act of charity, but that one must be very careful to do it the
right way.

	He stepped off the stage and resumed his seat in the director's chair. He
nodded encouragingly at Mary. Mary's fingers trembled nervously as she took off
her jacket, folded it neatly, squatted down and put it on the floor in front of 
her. She was extremely apprehensive about what was in store for her. She felt
that her strapping, gang rape and ass-reaming had merely been a warm-up for the
main event. Her bum was still sore, but the welts had disappeared. Her fingers
had difficulty with the silk scarf knotted attractively around her throat, but
she managed, eventually. Shaking badly, she fumbled with the buttons of her
blouse, but slowly got them undone, one by one. She wondered if she was too
nervous and fucking up whatever the Oyabun had in mind. She glanced over at him.
He nodded approvingly. Discipline should never be easy. Mary continued her slow,
nervous striptease.

	At last, she was done and stood naked before the cameras. Her clothes were
beautifully stacked and folded on the floor in front of her, her brightly
polished black high heels resting on top of her neatly folded panties. She had
been manicured and pedicured. Her hair had been done. Her fingernails and
toenails were neatly trimmed and polished. Her pubic hair had been brushed and
fluffed up. Her nipples had been lightly rouged. Mary looked like one very
fuckable female. The muscular bruisers stepped up on either side of her. They
weren't tall but were very broad across the shoulders, massive brutes who worked
out with very heavy weights indeed. The one to her right instructed her in
polite, formal English with a slight British accent.

	"Madame Lawyer, turn and face me."

	Licking her lips nervously, Mary did as she was bid. The one behind her
gripped her arms just above the elbows and pulled them behind her, forcing her
big bare breasts up and out. Mary looked at the big bruiser in front of her in
pure dread. The bruiser removed his jacket and tie, throwing them carelessly to
the ground next to Mary's neat stack of formal female apparel. He undid his
collar. He unbuttoned his cuffs and rolled up his sleeves, revealing his
tattooes. Mary's lips trembled.

	"Please..."

	The air whooshed out of her as he buried a rock-hard fist in her diaphragm.
Mary crumpled to her knees. The goon behind her clamped her wrists together with
one hand. His other hand grabbed her hard by the hair and held her gasping face
up.

	Quietly and out of camera, her clothing was removed form the floor so that
Mary could be surrounded by cameras while her once-proud face was pulped. The
bruiser went for the eyes first, carefully blacking them with short sharp jabs
until they were swollen shut. She could no longer see the blows coming, but
could merely dread them.

	 He broke her nose, gave her big cauliflower ears and two fat, bloody lips.
He held her battered face clamped between his hands. Pressing them together
violently, he snapped her jaw in two places.

	He went to work on her torso, using her tits as punching bags - slapping,
jabbing and chopping viciously. Her bouncing boobs flew, slapping into each
other, bruising and swelling spectacularly.

	He buried his fingers in her taut bare belly, kneading and crushing
brutally. The bruiser behind her held her face to one side as she yorked up her
breakfast onto the floor. After that they ignored her dry heaves as he continued
to crush her stomach and internal organs with his strong fingers. The bruiser
who was positioning her held her so that the cameras could capture her voiding
her bowels and emptying her bladder. Her crotch was scrubbed roughly with a
towel so that the bruiser wouldn't dirty his steel-toed combat boots as he
kicked her repeated in the crotch, lifting her feet off the ground with each
kick.

	She was lowered down and her swollen, bleeding, brutally broken face was
scrubbed vigorously through her own vomit, piss and shit. The cameras panned
over her battered, bruised, bemerded body as her wrists and elbows were wired
together tightly behind her.

	The thick steel pole set in the floor rose up to just below Mary's
breastbone. She was hoisted up and positioned carefully, legs spread over the
rounded end of the thick pole. Pushing down on her hips and pulling hard on her
legs, her bruised, swollen cuntlips wrapped around the pole as partial
penetration was acheived. Her ankles were shackled. The shackles were attached
to steel cables passing through pulleys set in the floor ending up at a powerful
winch.

	The Oyabun liked his audience for this cautionary video to understand the
full implications.

	"The rounded end to the spike means that it will push the many delicate
female organs aside as it penetrates rather than puncture them as a sharp point
would. As a result, she will rupture and bleed out a lot more slowly.
Penetration with a smoothly rounded tip is much more difficult, so she has to be
winched down onto the pole."

	Mary cried out in agony as the winch started up and she was forced down over
the pole. The unlubricated thick steel staft slowly inched inside her.

	Mary let out a shrill piercing shreik as the thick pole reached the end of
her vaginal passage and relentlessly tore through. Blood seeped slowly down her
inner thighs and made the pole slick.

	When her toes touched the ground, the winch was stopped.

	Two large barbed fishhooks were jabbed into her breasts, just behind the
aureola. Attached to steel wires in the ceiling, they were pulled up to keep her
upright, straddling the thick pole on tiptoe, tits stretched tight. Mary
screamed as the Oyabun plucked the taut wires.

	The Oyabun produced a small ball-peen hammer.

	"Never let it be said that my enemies can breath easily!"

	Going down her ribcage, he cracked each of Mary's ribs on either side, so
that every breath was pure agony. Mary opened her mouth to gasp. Her tongue was
gripped by pliers.

	"Of course, the lawyer's tongue must go! No dying speeches! She must focus
only on her pain."

	A knife with a hooked blade was used to excise her tongue at the root. Mary
clamped her mouth shut. Blood seeped from her closed lips.

	The Oyabun gestured at a large clock set behind her.

	"Now we will see how long it takes the presumptious, arrogant lawyer to
die."

	It took a long, long time. The Oyabun's enemies indeed had something to
think about.




	 Last Chapter - The End

	The masked audience waited expectantly as the curtain went up. A semi-circle
of seven hangman's nooses surrounded a large chopping block. On either side of
the chopping block were two deep, clear plastic barrels set in wells in the
stage floor. They applauded enthusiasticaly as Miki conducted Joanne onstage.

	The athletic lovely from THE Health Club was dressed in the clothes she had
been captured in. Pumped full of amphetamines and caffeine, she was glistening
with sweat and extremely apprehensive. Miki waited for the applause to die down
while the cameras and audience drank in Joanne's creamy, super-toned body.

	"First, I have to introduce the noose babes!"

	She turned to lovely, taut and toned Joanne.

	"This is the first time you've had your clothes on in a few days, isn't it,
Joanne?"

	Joanne nodded. A few days of being raped over by sick perverts had given her
a very different perspective on things.

	"Yes, it feels good to have my clothes on, but it's probably too good to
last!"

	Miki laughed and gave Joanne's tight ass a friendly squeeze, running her
finger along the crack. Joanne's hyped up, raped over body was trembling nicely.

	"How right you are! You health club babes are certainly popular!"

	Joanne nodded, trying to keep the tremor out of her voice.

	"I used to think that was a good thing!"

	"That outfit is pretty revealing. Everyone can see your cuntlips through
those spandex shorts!"

	"I used to think that if you've got it, you should flaunt it."

	"Well, you're certainly flaunting it! I bet everyone can tell by the way
everything jiggles under that sweatshirt that you're not wearing a bra. Do you
ever wear any underwear, Joanne?"

	"Yeah! Once a month!"

	The masked audience roared.

	"Take off your clothes and show everyone the goodies, Joanne."

	 She bent over to untie her running shoes and the cameras zoomed in on her
buns and crotch. She peeled off her sweatsocks to reveal shapely, pedicured
feet, the toenails buffed and polished. The crowd clapped as Joanne took off her
top. All the girls Miki had selected for the evening were members of the Monster
Melon CLub. She got a bigger round of applause as she tugged down her spandex
shorts and stepped out of them.

	"You can keep the sweatband on, Joanne! Put you hands behind your back and
pull your elbows together."

	Joanne did it. Her elbows and wrists were strapped tightly together behind
her.

	"Lifts and separates! Better than a bra!"

	Joanne whimpered as the noose was lowered from the ceiling, adjusted around
her throat and pulled upwards until her heels left the ground and she was up on
the balls of her feet. It looked like all those calf workouts were going to pay
off.

	"Now, I want you to be quiet as a mouse, Joanne, while I introduce the other
girls and have them strip for the audience. If you make even the smallest mousey
squeak, I'll have you hoisted high in the air and choked like a chicken! You
wouldn't want that, would you?"

	Joanne's reply was hoarse and respectful.

	"No, ma'am!"

	Mitzi and Kirsten, in their stewardess uniforms, were a big hit. As they
took it off, Miki chatted amiably.

	"We should have you babes star in one of those FLY ME commercials!"

	Mitzi looked at the semi-cirlcle of nooses and at nude, noosed Joanne up on
tiptoe.

	"I think that we are about to star in one!"

	"You can keep those stewardess caps on, but the rest has to go!"

	Mitzi and Kirsten's wrists and elbows were tied behind them. They were
noosed and hoisted up on tiptoe next to Joanne. The semi-circle of nooses was
filling up nicely.

	Cheryl and Patrice were trotted out in their nurse outfits, looking prim and
proper. The crowd was appreciative. Miki stood between them and put an arm
around their shoulders.

	"You're nurses, so tell me! What do you think are the hygienic aspects of
spending the last few days having total strangers pump all of your body cavities
full of pecker snot?"

	Patrice's voice shook with emotion.

	"I don't think that there are any hygienic aspects!"

	The audience guffawed.

	"Take it off, nurses! Show everyone what you've got! You can keep those cute
little nursing hats on!"

	Cheryl and Patrice peeled. Their sleek, satiny bodies were superb. The
audience applauded, stamped and whistled as they were tied up, noosed up and
joined the others on tiptoe.

	Saving the best for last, Lisl and JoJo got a huge round of applause as the
two fashion models did a runway walk onto the stage, hips pumping, buttocks
dimpling, long legs striding with eye-popping arrogance. Statuesque beauties,
the fashion models were shameless exhibitionists. They stripped with the
insouciant, practiced air of luscious babes that flaunt their assets regularly.
The audience was deeply appreciative as they were noosed up, prancing prettily
on tiptoe, titanic tits trembling tremulously.

	The last two nooses had been filled. 

	Wrists tied behind them, the nude, althletic beauties from THE Health Club
pranced prettily on tiptoe in a semi-circle around Miki. For ease of handling,
they hadn't been told that this was their final farewell appearance. Of course,
at some point the thought would enter their pretty little heads that this was
it. Way too late. For the time being, as instructed, they kept a deeply
respectful silence, their eyes rivetted on Miki, the painmaster, as the audience
drank in their glorious sweat-slick bodies.

	Miki smiled and gestured at the surrounding beauties.

	"There's nothing like a health fanatic! The painsluts in our noosed chorus
are tight! Look at those abs,  a six-pack on every one! Buns of steel! Rock hard
thighs surrounding tight cunts and I mean tight! Feast your eyes on those lovely
calves popping out like diamonds! Lots of work on the pec deck to keep those big
bare boobs high and jiggly!"

	The masked audience applauded the meat so delectably displayed in front of
them. Miki continued.

	"Athletic babes have a higher than normal tolerance for pain. These
particular babes have all been chosen for toughness and stamina as well as
looks, which brings us to the first little number that our noosed painsluts
would like to perform for you."

	Miki eyed the audience slyly.

	"I hope that you haven't lost your lottery tickets! Our first lucky winners
get to participate in the tit squeeze!"

	She read out the winning numbers and was joined on-stage by a row of
grinning perverts. Each stood in front of one of the nubile painsluts, who
didn't seem exactly glad to see them, though knowing better than to say
anything. A microphone was lowered from the ceiling over each naked slut until
it hovered just over her head.

	"The object of this charming little game is simple! You have five minutes to
grab your painslut's tits and squeeze and twist, using only your bare hands.
Their heels aren't touching, but they're on the balls of their feet now. The
first one to get his painslut to make a sound gets to hoist her up onto the very
tips of her tiptoes. The soundman is listening closely. The noose is placed so
that the knot is to one side for the slow strangle rather than behind the neck
for the quick necksnap. I guarantee that once they start to choke, their tongues
will protrude rudely.  Ladies, meet your new boyfriends! Boyfriends, let's see
you get to first base! Go! Go! Go!"

	Hard, horny hands reached out and grabbed viciously, fingers digging deep
into the quivering tit-flesh. They twisted violently, like someone who hears a
hated radio station when he starts the car. Nipples were jerked and yanked.
Red-faced and panting, sweat trickling down their sleek bare bellies and
disappearing into their smooth-shaven slits, the painsluts struggled to keep
their lips shut. It was nearing the end of the five minutes when Cheryl's
'boyfriend' switched to using both hands on one tit, braced a knee against her
chest and twisted brutally. Cheryl felt something tear agonizingly inside and
emitted a small cry. Miki held her hand to her ear and did her Little Orphan
Annie imitation.

	"Hark!"

	The soundman gave the thumbs up and pointed to Cheryl. The bodalicious nurse
uttered what are probably a lot of people's last words.

	"Oh shit!"

	Her 'boyfriend', grinning hugely and hugely erect, promptly cranked her up
so that only the tips of her beautifully polished toenails were brushing the
stage lightly. Miki eyed his erection.

	"Would you like to do something about that?"

	"Yes!"

	"Are you a backdoor boy?"

	"I can do that!"

	She handed the grinning pervert a raspy cork-screw ass reamer.

	"Why don't you loosen her up with this and then pump her out?"

	"No problem!"

	Cheryl, her pretty face darkening and her pink tongue starting to protrude,
squealed hoarsely as her masked 'boyfriend' rested the tip of the ass-reamer
against the entrance to her windward passage and began screwing it open. The
sandpaper surface of the reamer bit hard. Cheryl, who hated anal sex, managed a
small high scream like a newborn piglet being boiled alive as the reamer was
twisted and screwed in, burrowing as deeply into her fundament as possible. That
done, her 'boyfriend' unscrewed the raspy reamer. A trickle of blood seeped from
her ravaged rectum. Her 'boyfriend' stepped up on a small stool thoughtfully
provided by the experienced staff and smoothly slipped in his dick. His quick,
hard thrusts provided a few eyeball-popping moments for Cheryl. She did her
boiling piglet imitation once more. He unloaded and withdrew, leaving her to
strangle in peace, the rope thrumming as she twisted and kicked. Miki led the
applause.

	"OK! Looks like he not only got to first base, he hit a home run on their
first date! That Cheryl is shameless! Let's see who our next lottery winners
are!"

	She announced the winning numbers. Two rows of masked audience members, of
both sexes, evil men and cruel-hearted bitches, lined up as winners, one in
front and one behind each painslut. Each was given a eighteen inch long steel
spring, encased in black leather and attached to a wooden handle.

	"The ones behind shellack their tight buns. The ones in front shellack their
poor twisted tits."

	Miki pointed at Cheryl, her nubile bod jerking and shuddering, face dark,
tongue protruding, eyes bloodshot and bulging, every breath a ragged, croaking
gasp. Saliva drooled from her gaping mouth onto her jiggling breasts.

	"You painsluts know better than to make a squeak!  You have ten minutes. Go!
Go! Go!"

	For the next while, the only sound was leather slapping quivering female
flesh. Using the spring-loaded leather straps, the lottery winners worked hard.
The painsluts worked harder.

	Red-faced, panting heavily, satiny skin slick with sweat, their asses were
strapped a bright, bright red. Their bruised breasts achieved a darker crimson
hue and, swelling magnificently, protruded obscenely from each painslut's
heaving torso like twin artillery shells capped by tumescent purple nipples.
Trained brutally in the school of hard knocks by Miki and with Cheryl jerking
and juddering as an example, they emitted not a squeak. At last, the ten minutes
of fierce, flesh slapping action was over. Miki led the applause.

	It had been a long struggle. Some of the painsluts' calf muscles were
starting to give out. They would choke briefly and then desperately lever
themselves back up.

	"Excellent work, painsluts! For that, you get a reward! Who said that I was
a cold-hearted, evil bitch?"

	A voice from the audience shouted up.

	"I think that we've all said that!"

	There was a roar of laughter. Miki grinned.

	"There's nothing like an endorsement from the fans!"

	She gestured to the handlers.

	"Tie their hands in front!"



	Purple faced, tongues protruding, the nude, althletic beauties from THE
Health Club strangled in a semi-circle around Miki. Noosed tight and cranked up
to the tips of their toenails and then beyond, toes clawing the air, they rasped
and croaked as Miki, superb in black leather, stood smiling for the cameras
while the painsluts kicked hard. Each of the health club babes had a loop of
rope tied around her waist and knotted at the back. From the knot at back a
length of rope was pulled down the crack of their ass and threaded tightly
between their cuntlips, passing between their legs from behind and tied tightly
around their crossed wrists in front. Their wrists were held down to waist level
by the crotch rope. They tugged up on it to try and get at the noose, but the
crotch rope held their hands firmly down. The reward part was simple. As they
slowly strangled, the crotch rope rubbed hard and tantalizingly against their
clits.

	The semi-circle of naked, superbly sculpted, sweat shined bodies strained
mightily, well-muscled physiques rippling enchantingly. They kicked hard, an
obscene, ill-coordinated chorus line, while the tight noose ate into their
stretched throats. Naked thighs quivered. Bare breasts bounced. Buns dimpled. As
their pretty faces turned cyanotic blue, it became apparent that a few of the
panting choke-babes with the bulging bloodshot eyes were starting to experience
Miki's 'reward'.

	While the crowd watched, grinning and nudging each other, the oxygen starved
brains of the struggling choke-babes obliviously savoured the delights of erotic
strangulation. Erect nipples, wet, fully distended cuntlips and stiff clits
attested to the erotic power of the noose for the wonderfully intrusive cameras.
Miki's generosity was relayed to the audience via close-ups. These were
displayed on large wall monitors as the cameramen focussed on the crotch ropes
rubbing hard between convulsively clenching thighs.

	"And now for the chopping block babes!"

	The handlers muscled Joy and Tiffany onto the stage, topless, wearing high
heels and the thong bikini bottoms that they were captured in.

	Tiffany and Joy knelt in front of the semi-circle of hard-kicking, purple
faced dancers. They faced each other, their big breasts resting on the large
chopping block between them. Their widespread legs were clamped to the floor by
tightly buckled leather straps. A thick belt fastened to either side of the
chopping block and buckled tightly behind their backs kept them snugged up
close.

	"Let's welcome a couple of babes we've been keeping in suspense!"	

	Dramatically, Miki looked up at the ceiling.

	Suspended upside-down by their wide-spread ankles, Bobbi and Ursula were
lowered from high above. Their wrists were bound over their heads, fastened by a
short thick chain to a heavy cement block. They wore only high heels.
Underneath, set in wells on the stage, the clear plastic barrels of water were
postioned directly beneath the heavy cement blocks. Bright red ball gags filled
their mouths. The heavy cement blacks stretched them tight, so that their
breasts were stretched almost flat. Bobbi's long black hair hung down and flowed
over her cement block.

	"Welcome aboard, Ursula and Bobbi! Could you just hang around for a while?
I'll be with you in a minute or two!"

	Miki waved as their cement blocks went into the barrels and the water level
rose to cover their heads. They were lowered until the water was up to their
navels. Thighs twitching, buttocks dimpling, their frantic faces could be seen
through the clear plastic as they pulled futilely, trying to tug the heavy
cement blocks upwards so that their heads could clear the surface. Bobbi's long
hair swirled wildly in the water, framing her contorted face. 

	Miki sauntered over and looked between their parted legs and clapped her
hands in delight.

	"Candle holders!"

	Two short thick candles resting on metal plugs had been rammed into their
cunts, stretching them wide, so that the wicks were just at the level of their
labia. Miki flicked her cigarette lighter and lit them.

	"These are beeswax candles. They burn much hotter and longer than paraffin
candles. We'll just wait until the beeswax starts melting in their cunts and
then hoist their heads out of the water so that they can scream for you."

	As promised, it didn't take long for the top layer of hot beeswax to start
melting and cooking the walls of their cunts. They were pulled up, choking and
gasping, and when they had drained their lungs of water, started to scream
continuously into their gags. 

	Miki smiled down at Tiffany and Joy.

	"Any last words, snuffmeat?"  	

	Tiffany eyed the semi-circle of gasping, groaning, moaning choke-babes
rubbing hard against their crotch ropes, eyes glazed. Then she looked at Ursula
and Bobbi, red-faced and shreiking while their cunts quite literally burned
between their legs.

	"If I have to die, I want a noose!"

	Miki grinned and did her imitation of The Soup Nazi from Seinfeld.

	"No noose for you!"

	She squatted down.

	"I do have a little treat for each of you before you, too, start to scream
for the cameras."

	Miki bent down by each one in turn. She cut the sides of their thongs and
delicately peeled them out of the crack of their tight buns.   

	Bambi, wearing a cute leather choker, high heeled booties and nothing else
rolled out on a garage mechanic's trolley. On her back on the trolley, she
rolled between Joy's parted legs and began putting her clit licking skills to
use, spreading her legs and fingering herself shamelessly for the cameras while
she sucked Joy's love nubbin stiff. Joy's eyes opened wide. She had never had
such a knowledgable slit licker between her legs before. Guys just couldn't
measure up. It definitely took a woman's tongue.

	"Oh Jeez!"

	It's not that Miki was getting tender-hearted in her old age. It's just that
a stiff clit is more easily amputated. Just short of Joy's first gigantic
orgasm, Bambi stopped sucking. Miki reached between Joy's legs with a small
scalpel and had Joy screaming high with one deft slice. Bambi parted her lips
and Miki dropped Joy's severed clit down her throat. Bambi hungrily wolfed it
down and licked the blood from Joy's crotch, savagely probing the wound with her
tongue. Miki's scalpel flashed again. Joy's swollen cuntlips were sliced away
and gulped down by badgirl Bambi.

	Joy screamed hard while Bambi probed her crotch cuts viciously with her
brutally invasive tongue. Miki looked down at Bambi, grinning wickedly up at her
with blood-smeared lips.

	"Bambi! I think she's mad because you didn't let her cum!"

	Miki stared at Tiff, her cruel, slitted eyes gleaming brightly.

	"Tiffany! It's your turn to have your sweetmeats harvested and gulped down
by our extremely talented mouth whore!"

	Sweating and trembling, Tiffany was still the sarcastic rich bitch.

	"Gee! I can hardly wait to NOT CUM in Bambi's face!"

	The audience chuckled and waited for Miki to cut her down to size.

	Bambi, thoroughly enjoying her newfound badgirl status, scooted around on
the mechanic's trolley and dipped her wet pink tongue into Tiff's quiff. Tiffany
tried hard to ignore the deliciously probing tongue and sweet lips caressing her
love slit. She grew stiff despite herself, her body betraying her completely.
She whimpered as Miki, grinning hugely, reached between her legs with the small
sharp blade and made the delicate incisions that robbed her of her throbbing,
achingly swollen womanhood at the same time it robbed her of her rapidly
cresting orgasm. She joined Joy in shreiking and blubbering as Bambi gulped down
the bloody gobbets of intimate female flesh.

	Pumped up on drugs, Joy just couldn't stop screaming. Miki popped in a ball
gag to keep it down to a dull shreik. Although quieter, Tiff was shaking quite
badly.

	Miki gave the thumbs down. Ursula and Bobbi were still shreiking hard when
their heads disappeared under the water. Miki rubbed her ears.

	"Wow! Are those bitches ever loud! Not like the noose babes, some of whom
are still twitching and dripping. All you hear from them is the odd croaking
gasp along with the occasional death rattle!"

	She glanced at Tiff.

	"I know you don't have ears anymore, but can you hear me Tiff?"

	"Yes, I can hear you, not that I want to!"

	"You know those meat slicers they have in delicatessans? We have our own
special version."

	Tiffany watched in horror as one was clamped on the chopping block just off
the end of her nipples. Another was positioned just off Joy's tits. Joy stopped
screaming and began struggling frantically. Neither of them seemed grateful for
Dr. Novotny's mildly numbing shots. Miki was generous as the slicers were
started up.

	"Feel free to scream all you want!"

	Joy and Tiffany tried to pull back but the thick strap clamping them to the
chopping block held them firmly in position. As the slicers removed the tips of
their nipples, the shrill piercing shreik duet began. Bobbi and Ursula were
pulled up out of the tank to join in the chorus.

	Slice after slice of tit meat was removed and packaged for the eager
purchasers in the audience. After Joy and Tiffany's breasts had been shaved off
right down to the chest, they were bent forward until their necks were resting
on the chopping block. Miki was amazed that Tiff hadn't zoned out completely the
way Joy had. Joy was still technically alive, but she was so deeply in shock
that she would never come out of it even if she were rescued right then and
there.

	"Are you ready to have you head chopped off, Tiff?"

	"Yes!"

	"Too bad, 'cause we have to gut you first!"

	The audience laughed coarsely. Bambi pranced forward with a fishknife.

	"It's designed specially for gutting, Tiff!"

	Tiff looked at it resignedly.

	"Wonderful! I'm betting that this is going to hurt!"

	Bambi slit her open, reached in and pulled out her guts. Simultaneously,
Miki slit Joy's belly open so that her guts spilled out on the floor between her
legs

	Ursula and Bobbi, their inner thighs bright red, their labia swollen
grotesquely, were lowered down for another lung-bursting dip. Miki pulled back
Tiff's hair and whispered in her earhole.

	"Watch what I do to Ursula! You'll love it!"

	Miki danced over to Ursula's water barrel, picking up a bottle of brandy as
she went. She removed the top and took a swig.

	"Good stuff! Let's put the rest to good use!"

	The big bottle gurgled as she emptied it into Ursula's barrel. She gave the
thumbs up and Ursula's smooth skin was soaked in Brandy as it was pulled up out
of the barrel. Miki removed her ball gag. Ursula, choking and coughing, was
grateful for having her airway cleared..

	"Thanks."

	"Don't thank me! I just don't want to waste a good ball gag!"

	"What do you mean?"

	The heavy cement block was quickly winched to the back of the stage. Just
before it was released, Miki reached up and used a long barbecue lighter to
ignite the brandy. Ursula's tautly stretched torso was instantly engulfed in
flames, a female flambe. The chains holding her jingled and clanked as she
jerked and twisted violently.

	Released, the heavy cement block and it's flaming female swung like a
pendulum. The breeze fanned the flames with a loud whoosh and Ursula, shreiking
dementedly, a human torch, swung out over the audience.

	Miki picked up a second brandy bottle and emptied it into Bobbi's barrel.
She gave the thumbs up and Bobbi's smooth torso was coated with brandy as it was
hoisted up out of the water. She too was grateful as Miki removed her ball gag.

	"Thanks!"

	Miki rolled her eyes comically.

	"Jeez! I just had this conversation!"

	Bobbi's eyes opened wide as Ursula's violently twisting, flame-engulfed body
whooshed by. She gibbered in horror as her block was winched back and Miki
ignited her brandy-dipped body. Bobbi joined her buddy as a shreiking, flaming
pendulum, arcing through the air over the audience with a loud whoosh. The fires
roared loudly as Bobbi and Ursula, shreiking like the damned, jerking and
juddering, swung through the auditorium in wide burning swaths, roasting alive.

	Miki and Bambi picked up steak knives. Miki looked at the wicked saw-toothed
blade.

	"It's designed to slice meat, Tiff! We can't let it go to waste!"

	Miki sawed savagely at Tiffany's throat, cutting right back to the neckbone.
She jerked Tiff's severed head back to clear the way for her carotid artery to
spurt her life's blood in a high crimson fountain.

	Bambi followed Miki's example. She gazed adoringly at Miki as Joy's bright
red arterial blood drenched her.

	"Wow, Miki! You sure know how to show a girl a good time!"

	The painsluts tap-danced on thin air, Bobbi and Ursula swung wildly in
shreiking, flame-engulfed glory while Tiff and Joy's blood fountained high in
bright red arterial squirts from their sawed open necks. 

	The crowd rose for a standing ovation.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Llabmik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





