BDSM Library - The Target




The Target
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The classic game of a human hunt is played with a singular cast and outstanding events.
The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture and sex. Please do not read further if any of these subjects
offend, or if you are not of legal age.

The following is for your sole enjoyment and your cooperation in not using the
material in any other application without the express permission of the author
is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar




The Target

Beyond the cloudy panes spread the grassy flood plain. More importantly, the
view meant freedom. Erika's hipbones scraped against the shanty wall as Chuck
thrust into her, her lips close to the framed view. Little clouds from her own
panting further fogged the window. Erika's head lowered. The feel of the glass
cooled her fevered brow. She grimaced as he swelled inside. Male grunts blowing
hair next to her right ear became more strident. Pressure increased on the
window. The view was nice, but once more would have to wait.

Erika felt Chuck stiffen. His load filled her bowels. And then, the grunts
turned quiet.

"There you two are..." Ms. Thomas's voice startled both. The despised woman was
in the shack. Arms banded behind her back, Erika crumbled to the straw.

"I just came to see how our track star is doing," the dean of women's sports
said as she came into the shack. Walking over to Erika, she used the toe of her
hiking boot to part the student's legs and roll her face up. "She has a big day
tomorrow."

Chuck hastily fixed his overalls. He was as tall as the dark-haired matron and
resented her constant implications that she was better educated than he. She
might have a masters, and he a simple mechanic, but that didn't give her any
right to constantly be on his case. Besides, she should have enough couth to at
least knock on the door before barging in. "We all know that, Edna."

The dean's gray eyes sparkled as the toe of her boot traced over Erika's leg.
"Just coming in for a little piece of tail, are we?" Not looking at Chuck, she
squatted down and leisurely stroked the thick red curls falling to Erika's
shoulders. Bending down further, she placed her lips over the student's and
quickly snapped back as she felt the other turn her head away. "Oh...Too bad,
dear." She rose and stood alongside the flustered mechanic. "You'll learn to be
much nicer given time." Edna smiled.

"What's with those things you put on her, anyway? There're two halves from an
old snake bite kit."

Edna gazed wistfully down at the small dark rubber cups still where she had
first placed them. She vividly recalled watching Erika's face as her own teeth
gently tugged one pink nipple, capped it, then did the same with the other. The
girl had tasted good.

"Forced lactation, motor-head," Professor Genkins joined the trio. The rumbled
faculty member stood next to Edna as both brimmed with delight at their nude
possession.

"Hey," Chuck grumbled. He took plenty of guff from the old bag, but didn't let
the fat baldy scare him.

Genkins wearily sighed and patronizingly explained. "For you, that means her
teats are getting ready for producing milk. The rubber cups Edna placed on her
help start the process."

Erika lay where she had fallen on the straw as the three above her argued. The
view of the flood plain had been another reminder of the freedom she once
enjoyed. Now much had changed. Besides being held prisoner, she changed
sexually. Being taken anally hardly hurt anymore and she was almost used to the
frequent enemas.

Edna Thomas looked down at the athlete's body. Small circles at the base of the
suction cups had turned from their virginal pink color to a darker hue. The firm
breasts, at first much smaller than her own fullness, looked slightly larger.
Genkins and she had procured a fine specimen for their little plan. Of course
they needed Chuck; he had the place, and the ATV's. Regardless of his slightly
unwelcome behavior, they still would have plenty of fun. Her eyes scanned the
taut ribs, firm stomach, pelvic area with its little strip of tawny curls, and
of course, the proud legs. "Get the bitch more water."

"Solitudienem faciunt pacem appellant."

Chuck looked at the slob next to him and threw an elbow.

Professor Genkins jumped as the larger man hit his arm, scooped a cup of water
from the trough and let Erika drink. "Oh...Sorry. Just musing about something
Tacitus had to say... "They make a wilderness and call it peace".

Chuck spit at the ground, said something about people who quote tacky and left.
Outside the weathered door, he looked across to the open sky. The "wilderness"
looked good. A range of mountains started to the East. He hummed as he strolled
back to the cabin. A beer about now would taste just right.


Three days had passed since her capture. Erika wasn't sure what they had planned
for her, but knew it had been hell from the very start. Given a diet of just
water, she felt weaker. Happily, the initial pangs of hunger had passed. The
same routine was followed that night. Professor Genkins came with a lantern to
the shanty where she was held. By his frequent burps, she could tell not only
that he had just eaten, but hyped olfactory senses smelled the flavor of what
the food was. Arms still secured behind, she did as told. For men maybe, even
ones as repulsive as Genkins, but never for that other woman. The professor, she
had learned in the past 72 hours liked to fuck her ass as she knelt. Her cobalt
eyes closed as he first penetrated and remained that way for the short time
until, with a cough and another burp, he finished.

The two others came, after he called. More lanterns lit the shack. Her legs were
tied for the night to posts at a small corral. Lifted straight up, her feet
soared above Genkin's head. She watched as he and Chuck used rope wrapped around
her ankles and the posts. Legs up and spread, one her back, Erika could hardly
move. Testing the tightness of the ankle ropes, Ms. Thomas led them out. Once
more it was dark. Strange sounds skittered around. She tried not to listen.
Sleep soon overtook Erika's fears.





"To quote from the Irish philosopher, Edmund Burke and his work 'The Origin of
Our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful', Beauty in Distress is much the most
affecting Beauty."

"Why don't you just shut your pie hole old man and give me a hand?" Chuck hauled
Erika to her feet. Legs that once propelled her on to many a victory now were
numbed by lack of circulation and the cold. Chuck struggled to hold the female
by her shoulders as she teetered. Professor Genkins came to his aid as Edna
Thomas watched the three.

Unfolding her arms, the older woman reached into a vat and withdrew a dripping
belt. "Turn her around boys." She took the wide leather and passed it under and
around Erika's upper arms, and then buckled the belt using the last notch. "This
will contract as it dries. It won't break her arms but should pull her elbows
closer together. Not the best equipment for running," Thomas chortled as she
fixed the belt buckle. "It should make quite a sight as it further thrusts out
her chest."

Lantern light reflected off the shanty's one window. Outside pre-dawn darkness
held sway. The hunters and now the hunted were up early.

Erika felt circulation returning to her legs. She was able to stand on her own.
Chuck and the professor dumbly watched as her arms were belted. Stupid grins
spread across their unshaven faces. She shook hair from her eyes. Red hair once
complimented was now just another tangled nuisance. Only blackness appeared on
the other side of her only escape.

"Now lets see if you'll kiss me, bitch," Thomas said as she stood in front of
her college's star athlete and pupil. They both were the same height and about
the same size. She held Erika's cheeks in her hands.

Ms. Thomas wasn't that bad looking, Erika thought, but she had never before
kissed another female and certainly wasn't about to start now. She cleared her
throat and brazenly spat. At that closeness, her aim was perfect.

"Ah!" Edna Thomas slowly used fingers to wipe her cheeks and lips free of the
warm spittle. She backed away. Green eyes flashing as they glared at Erika her
words came with great deliberation, "Before this day is over you'll change your
tune."

Professor Genkins burped and tentatively said, "Perhaps now is a good time to
share the rules of the hunt with Erika?"

"Yeah, he's got a point. Let's get this show on the road." Chuck tucked his
faded car racing jersey into his jeans and grabbed a quilted vest dropped when
they came to wake Erika.

"Very well then. Erika, this property is some 3 square miles. Beyond its
boundaries lie another 5 of rough terrain before the first sign of any
civilization. We are going to allow you a 30 minute start before we start
hunting you down." Thomas stroked the tangle of thick hair before Erika jerked
her head away. "That distance should be no problem for one as fleet as you. Plus
the head start why I believe we are being more than fair."

Erika glared back at Ms. Thomas. Her former coach and dean wore a flannel shirt
and corduroy pants. A French Braid held her chestnut hair. She even wore makeup.
Erika tried to spit again but was interrupted as Ms. Thomas moved to the side of
the shanty and picked up a pitchfork.

"Just one little thing to even the playing field..."Before any could react, she
spun the trussed nude around and used the tines of the fork to rake four cuts
down Erika's butt.

"Hey!" Chuck yelled as Erika screamed and Professor Genkins shoved Edna to the
side.

Thomas patted her braid back in place and leaned the tool back against the wall.
"Never mind...The cuts I just made are shallow enough not to cause debilitating
injury, but...see the blood already sliding down the backs of her legs? Wherever
she goes, drops from that same blood will leave a trail even you, Genkins, will
be able to follow."

The professor ignored the verbal jab and turned his attention instead to the
crying female. Just as Edna had said, trickles were already sliding down from
the cuts.

"Now let's set our watches. Erika, you are free to go. Bon voyage, dearie,"
Thomas blew a kiss at the weeping co-ed. "I don't know about the rest of you,
but I'm going back to the cabin. For the next thirty minutes I plan on enjoying
some hot chocolate."



Dawn also brought visibility. Winded from lack of just about everything the past
three days, Erika rested against the bark of a sturdy snag. An idea struck.
Turning around, she scraped the belt and the rope holding her arms. The binds
refused to loosen. Frustratingly, toes dug into the loam and she kept trying.
Few clouds appeared through the dead branches above.

Erika didn't know how much time she spent at the tree, but knew that she had to
keep moving. Without any piston action from her arms the redhead runner would
slow, but there was little choice. Rising sunlight revealed the base of a
mountain range. Legs purposefully pumped toward the craggy base. Rich soil
hardened as she neared. Erika glimpsed a stream flowing before its base. That
might prove useful. She sneaked a peak at her butt and saw blood still dripping
from the fresh wounds leaving an all too obvious trail to follow. Her legs
pumped closer to the riparian shore, feet flying through tiger lilies ,
trilliums, violets and other wildflowers. Panting, she slowed to a walk. Hands
on hips, her toes brushed through lady ferns until she came to the water's edge.

Not only did the stream look frigid, it was. But that was just what Erika
wanted. Gritting her teeth, she step into the icy water. The ball of one foot
slid over lichen-covered stones. Getting a better grip, she walked further into
the stream until reaching its middle. Teeth chattering, she carefully sat until
her cut butt touched the smoothed rocks. Sitting as the current rushed by as
high as her waist, Erika waited until she felt that the blood washed away and
the cuts sealed. Scrambling up, she crawled to the other side. Droplets of icy
water rushed down her back, but blood no longer showed.

Erika's head jerked in the direction of the far off sound. She heard it again.
Somewhere in the distance whined the sound of the all terrain vehicles. They had
started. Erika snapped her head back to the mountain rising above. Numbed feet
clambered over the flinty shore and she began to climb the ascent as best as
restricted movement in her arms would allow.




Professor Genkins grunted one leg over his green ATV. He deeply filled his
lungs. Wilderness around inspired, and then he remembered inspiration received
from using Erika. "Without secrecy there would be no pornography. But secrecy
and modesty are two utterly different things."

"What the hell are you muttering about now?" Chuck settled into the seat of the
blue ATV with the special mount he welded just beyond the handlebars. His jeans
seemed to fit snugger as they at last were beginning the hunt.

"David Herbert," Genkins replied as Edna joined them on her red vehicle and
revved the motor.

"He means D.H. As in D. H. Lawrence. Ever heard of him Chuck?" She looked at the
laborer on the bike next to her. With a little work shaping up that coal-black
mop on his head, he might not be so bad. As for his mind though, well intellect
could sometimes be forgotten.

The trio motored across the expanse occasionally pausing briefly to examine red
drops left on some piece of sod. Ahead lay the base of the mountain range. Chuck
mentioned a small stream that ran just before the rise. Their ATV's would have
no trouble navigating the change in terrain. Over the rumbling noise from their
laboring motors, Thomas mention a European hiking vacation where she visited the
ruins of an old castle. The range ahead looked somewhat familiar to the
Montsegur mountain. Chuck cursed the bumps as Professor Genkins clutched his
handlebar grips for fear of falling.

"So...," Edna Thomas said as she dismounted and casually walked toward the
kneeling Erika, "We meet again. What's a matter? Hurt your little ankle?"

Erika rubbed the sprained joint and painfully stood. "What's it to you? Win your
little 'game'?" She set her jaws. Despite the pain from her hurt limb, she
kicked out. The chop doubled Ms. Thomas. Erika turned and hobbled away.

Chuck and the professor rushed up to were Edna slowly straightened up. All three
watched as Erika stumbled on ahead. Chuck wiped his brow. "She's getting away!"

"No she's not," Thomas coolly said as she returned to her ATV. Reaching down she
drew a long rifle from its holster. "Never fear, Genkins. This won't kill the
bitch. Its just loaded with a tranquilizer." The two men looked on as Thomas
sighted the fleeing nude and fired. All watched as they saw Erika hit and then
dropped.




The osprey had better things to do than investigate the humans on their 4-wheel
vehicles. Feed his young, for one thing. Besides, the mini motor cavalry with
their trophy mounted on the front of one of the contraptions was headed in the
opposite direction of his nest. Flapping his wings and diving for another
updraft, the beings below mattered little.

Chuck wanted the snakebite kit, de facto suction cups, removed as Erika's
unconscious form was draped and fastened to the welded frame on his bike. Edna
insisted they all head back for the cabin. She said there would be plenty of
time for removing the rubber halves then. Professor Genkins feigned bravado as
he perched on his metal monster.

"Think of it as another of your date rape drugs Chuck. Tie her hands around that
table leg so that she is half sitting up. You boys have some beers. Until she
wakes-up, I'm going to catch a nap." Thomas waved to both of the men as they
pulled Erika into the cabin with them. She disappeared behind a closed bedroom
door.



Dinnertime past. The leg of lamb proved especially tasty to all. Erika groaned
from where she sat on the floor. Chuck and the professor were clearly tipsy.
Edna changed clothes following her rest and wore an attractive black dress that
reached to mid-calf.

"Gentlemen...I think it's time." Thomas slid her chair back and stood. The
others followed. She went over to the groaning co-ed and squatted down. "Erika,
dear, your head may hurt now, but when we remove those things on your nipples
you'll feel better."
The redhead moved her head as if to agree. Chuck and the professor anxiously
stood behind Thomas. Each drank from fresh beers.

Edna gingerly gripped one hard rubber cup between her forefinger and thumb. With
a slow twist, she uncovered a swollen nipple. "See? Doesn't that feel better
already?" Edna smiled and with her other hand gently cupped Erika's right
breast. She called to her colleague. Genkins brought her the plastic cup
requested. With practiced fingers, Thomas began to express the nipple and milk
the breast. Both men guffawed as they first saw, then heard the whiteish liquid
squirt into the container.

Thomas did the same with the other breast and stood to examine her catch. Two
shiny films slid down Erika's torso as her leaking nipples continued to produce
milk. The faculty member proudly showed off the contents of the container to her
male company. "Here's where it gets interesting boys. Get some longer rope and
tie her ankles to the same table leg."

The dress Edna Thomas wore swished as she returned into the cabin living room
carrying a small box. Thomas approved of the rope arrangement. It would appear
as thought even the drunken louts were sober enough to follow her directions.
"Find some seats and make yourselves comfortable boys. The show's about to
begin."

Setting down the closed box, Thomas retrieved the container of human milk.
Kneeling down next to Erika's doubled knee, she coated her fingers. She slid her
fingers into the co-ed's anal orifice. "Emmm...you feel cozy there, sweet."
Removing her fingers, she carefully tipped the remainder of the milk and formed
a thin trail on the bare floor away from Erika's bottom. Standing, Thomas graded
her work and gave herself high marks. Using a cloth to dry what remained on her
fingers, she brushed aside her loosened hair and opened he box.

"Wonder what's inside." The words caused Chuck to look at the fat teacher seated
to his right. Guessing by the florid face and slurred speech, it didn't look
like this ivory tower man could hold his liquor. Chuck turned back to watch
Thomas, who was looking good that night, reach in the box and withdraw her hand.
His eyes widened as he saw the slender snake wrapping itself around her arm. Out
of the corner of his eye he saw that Erika was watching too. Red hair began to
frantically shake. The table shook but remained in place.

Edna Thomas petted the snake coiling around her bare arm. She gently smiled at
the men seated upright on the divan. It seemed she had their full attention.
"Don't worry...My pet may be hungry, but other than that she is non-poisonous.
Harmless, in fact." She set the reptile close to the floor near the start of the
milk trail. Orange lines along its flanks squirmed as it sensed food. "Only
about 30 centemeters and 2.54 centemeters thick. She should fit nicely."

All of them watched. Erika switched from tears to screams. Twitching muscles
refused to close legs. The snake slid along the milky trail. Its head
disappeared into darkness in search of more nourishment. Erika's bottom slid as
best it could over the wooden floor. Sensing danger, the snake hurried for more
safety into the dark cavity.



Most of it was able to slip inside. Thomas pulled the reptile by its tail from
the hysterical redhead and returned the snake to its box. She looked at Chuck.
"Okay, have at her boys. Use the small bedroom and Chuck?" Closing the lid she
threw the black-haired stud a pair of cuffs with short chains. "Use these."

Erika tried to control herself as Chuck fastened her wrists to the headboard.
She no longer hyperventilated and forced herself not to think of that thing
crawling around inside. The pillow on the small bed felt good. She laid her head
on one ear and watched Chuck oil himself. She knew he liked her. Maybe, she
could make him like her better. She parted her free legs as he knelt between
them. "Oh...Chuck..."

He lifted the redhead's legs. Sure the beer gave him a buzz, but unlike that
slob professor he at least knew what he was doing. Pulling her calves over his
shoulders he slid into her warm pussy. Bending down as he slowly pumped, he
licked the milky nipples and chest. The twin-sized bed rocked as they matched
rhythms. It wasn't his imagination: the bitch really was sucking his cock.
Sloshing noises joined the music.

Erika saw the silhouette sweat as he fucked her. With all of her remaining
strength she matched his thrusts. Her inner muscles squeezed his cock. He
breathed faster. His cock swelled. He cried out and she felt his load shoot into
her. His face fell to her chest. Despite the ache in her arms and hurt wrists,
she tried to slide her nipples through his hair. When his breathing slowed, she
called out in the darkness.

He lifted his head when she called his name. He could make out her eyes
sparkling back at him and saw the tip of her tongue slowly cross over her lips.
Pulling out, he kneeled up and asked what she wanted. Tired as he was, her offer
to clean his cock gave a rush. Straddling her chest he let her mouth and tongue
ravage his cock and balls. He came again, this time in her mouth. She gulped and
swallowed all. Pulling away, he gently kissed her lips and lay alongside one
pulled back arm. She asked what it was they planned to do with her tomorrow and
he hesitated before deciding she deserved his trust.

Erika stiffened when Chuck said that they were "cannibals" and intended on
roasting her the very next day. Tears began again and burned her cheeks even as
he kissed her and assured her that was not his "thing" and not to worry because
"they" would figure something out. Erika's sobs shook the bed as Chuck left the
room. She hardly noticed as Professor Genkins walked in after him.

Genkins eyes adjusted to the dim light. Stretched out on the bed he saw Erika.
Stumbling over to its side, he gripped the track star's hips and turned her
over. She squealed and pleaded with him not to take her "there", where the snake
had been. Genkins had his own ideas.

"So, have a good time?" Thomas looked at Chuck who slumped on the couch next to
her. He seemed to nod. "Tell her anything about tomorrow?" Screams behind the
closed bedroom door beat his answer. Sounds whipped from the room. Thomas took a
sip from her glass of wine. Chuck swigged from another bottle of beer. Both
recognized the high-pitched cry of Erika.

Genkins swung the flogger across the scabbed ass another time. Moonlight shown
over the two squirming hemispheres. The professor saw wet shine from freshly
opened wounds. He whipped the female again. He was sweating and swallowed the
last of the bottle's contents. He swung the whip again, this time where he knew
her shoulders to be. Aiming his strokes, he worked his way back toward the cut
ass.

Chuck took out a smoke and lit the cigarette's tip as the whipping sounds from
the bedroom at last ceased. Thomas wished that he wouldn't smoke but kept quite
and finished her wine. Ten minutes later a disheveled Professor Genkins exited
the room. The first thing he asked for was another beer and plopped down beside
them. Thomas immediately got up and went to the small bedroom.

"Oh dear. What did he do to you?" Erika would not stop shaking even as Thomas
sat on the bed alongside of her. "Here...let's start by freeing your wrists."
She unlocked the cuffs and gently pulled the redhead's arms. "Can you stand?"
Thomas to Chuck in the other room to come and help. "Hold an arm around your
shoulder. Let's get her out of here. Take her to my room." She used a cloth to
wipe away Erika's cum splattered face.

Thomas changed the bath water twice before the pinkish color washed away. Erika
lay in the tub and Thomas filled it once more with water. This time, she added a
bubble-bath solution. She stroked Erika's thick locks. She laid a warm towel
over her forehead. Lighting more scented candles, Thomas delicately shampooed
and rinsed the young woman before wrapping a warm towel around her head. Lashes
fell as the rising layer of bubbles covered the young nipples. "You just soak
awhile. After that, we can talk about if you've changed your mind at all about
anything." Thomas stood and let Erika soak alone.





Forgotten were the horrors of the initial capture, rapes that followed and
imprisonment, even being prey during the hunt. The bubble bath soaked much away,
though Chuck's words of cannibals and the mad professor's beating persisted.

A muffled knock o the door alerted Erika. She opened her eyes as it slowly
opened. In walked Ms. Thomas carrying a bountiful tray of fruit salad. She
proffered the dish toward Erika. "What's a matter? Still don't trust me?" She
watched the older woman pick up a chunk of melon and pop it into her mouth.
Erika waited, and when she saw Thomas only smile, she splashed water as her
hands reached for the platter and voraciously ate. It had been days since she
last tasted food. "I also brought these," Thomas said as she handed the plate to
Erika and reached behind her. She produced a bottle of burgundy wine and two
glasses. She poured each full as Erika finished the last of the salad. She
helped the co-ed stand and handed her a glass.

Erika stepped from the tub and sipped the wine. She let Thomas unwrap the turban
from her head and use another towel to dry her body. Her mind raced: Here she
stood before the hateful woman who had done so much and planned much more
disgusting things for the very next day; yet, she was now acting very nice.
Erika didn't know what to make of it and slipped an arm into the plush robe
Thomas held. She followed the other woman and sat on the edge of the queen-sized
bed.

The robe was loosely tied, and as she sat the lapels opened to her navel.
Holding glass of wine, she looked up. While she soaked in the bath, Thomas had
changed in more ways than one. The peignoir she now wore showed her mature body
through its gauze. Erika could not take her eyes away from the other's full
bosom. Thomas laid a hand softly on top of her head and then slowly bent at the
waist. Her hand gently slipped between the parted robe. Erika held her knees
together as she felt the fingers touch her skin. Frozen with fright, she watched
the other's chestnut hair fall and then felt the warm tongue circle her nipple.
Erika looked down as she felt her own spare breast sucked into Thomas' mouth.
She gasped. Glands flowed inside of her. Her eyes filled.

Trembling, Erika sat on the edge of the bed as Thomas suckled. Her own fingers
seemed to have a mind of their own. The robe slipped off her shoulders. Her
knees unlocked. She cupped her other breast and as Thomas moved her mouth to it,
arched her neck.

"Looks like we won't have to just 'talk' too much about changing your mind after
all..."

Erika began to pant. She started to lay back on the bed when Thomas stopped her.

"No dear, not yet. Lay on the bed on your stomach with you arms at your sides."

Bemused but willing to obey, Erika did as told. The bed creaked as the other
straddled her. She could not see, but heard palms being rubbed. Erika sucked in
her breath as she felt the warmed oil delicately applied to her whipped back.
She closed her eyes as the oil massaged every hurt. She turned her head and
stared at the flickering flame of the scented candle on the nightstand. Thoughts
of cannibalism fled.

Edna Thomas lifted off of Erika's back. Erika felt wonderful. She decided.
Feeling Edna stop, Erika sucked in her lower lip and slowly rolled over. Her
fingers undid the robe belt and opened the part below her waist. Holding Edna in
her stare, she felt behind her and wrapped her fingers around the headboard.
Gradually, she spread open her thighs.

Thomas gazed down on the nude beauty and thinly smiled as she saw the young
one's attitude change. Bracing herself on the bed, she laid on top of Erika. Her
lips tasted the student's. Satisfied they were welcomed, her tongue dove deeper
to feel another's in reply.




The sound of a television being played in the other room that night did little
to separate the fevered union of feminine hair, legs and lips. The noise
continued on into the night as the two lovers in the bedroom slept in each
other's embrace. Sometime near dawn, Thomas was the first to stir. Erika mumbled
as she felt her shoulder being shook and then sat as if awakening from a
nightmare. Thomas was quick to silence her by smothering her lips with her own.

"Quick. Let's get dressed. You can wear some of my things."

"But...?"

"Shhhh! You'll wake the others. Here, wear these," Thomas moved in the dark and
handed Erika pants and a sweater. "Yesterday I cut the wires to all of the ATV's
except mine. They'll be left here!"

The two women tiptoed into the living room. Passed out from the night before lay
Chuck and Professor Genkins on the couch. Thomas opened the kitchen door and the
two stepped outside. Working together, they pushed Edna's ATV some 20 yards away
before hopping on and starting it. Chuck and Genkins never heard their
departure.

An hour later and with more light Erika recognized where they were. She hugged
Thomas from behind. The vehicle slowed to a stop.

"You get off here," Thomas attempted to keep emotions from her voice. "Cross
over that valley there. Help will be at a ranger's camp. I won't tell you where
I'm going, but it won't be to jail like those guys."

Erika stood alongside the seated Thomas. She looked about to cry. "Please...Just
one more hug and kiss?"

"Well," Thomas swung her leg over and stood in front of Erika. She didn't see
the elbow until it flashed into her face. Stunned, she fell backwards. Her hand
covered gushing blood from her nose. Startled, she saw Erika hopping on to the
ATV. It already was rolling. "Hey bitch!"

Erika braked the ATV and reached down next to her leg. "Who, Miss Manners...Me?"
She hefted the tranquilizer gun, checked to see that it was still loaded and
aimed. "When your looks leave with jail time, "she pointed the gun at Thomas'
stomach, "You might keep in mind that a girl never forgets...when someone screws
with her ass."

Edna Thomas sunk to both knees. Erika waved and drove off. She could already
feel the effects from the drug. In the time she had remaining before her own
arrest, her freedom escaped.


The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





