BDSM Library - Saturday Bound




Saturday Bound
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Karen and Connie went to their cabin and were ready to have a fun weekend. Soon their bored husbands came to join them want to give the girls a surprise...
This is the 3rd story involving Karen &  Connie, with more to come. The First
story was titled "A Friendly Wager" & the Second story was titled "Tied to her
Job".

SATURDAY BOUND


     Karen raised an eyelid and saw light peeking out from underneath the
bathroom door where Mike was showering. She thought about joining him for a
second, but thought better of it, and her eyelid closed again.

     Next door Steve was also up and getting ready. Today was the first day of
the Partners Championship at the Country Club, and he was determined to bring
home a trophy. Twenty teams were entered in the tournament and the top 8 teams
on Saturday would play for the championship on Sunday. He was confident that
this year he and Mike would challenge for the top prize.

     Mike finished getting ready and gave Karen a kiss on the cheek. "See you
tomorrow honey, have a good time at the Lake."

     Karen groggily opened her eyes "You too.....good luck in your
tournament......we'll call you tonight." She closed her eyes and rolled onto her
side.

     "We'll do great." said Mike and he patted Karen's ass as he left.

     Karen made no movement to get out of bed, but her thoughts weren't about
any golf match. She was thinking about the weekend ahead and the fun she was
going to have. Two weeks ago Connie initiated a game between them that had Karen
tied, gagged, and sexually stimulated for most of an afternoon and evening. It
ended with Bill, her office manager, finding her bound, gagged, and naked in the
office. Connie had trussed her up real tight and made the call to Bill to come
to Connie's rescue. Karen made up a story about being surprised by a woman with
a gun when she returned to the office. She told Bill that she was really
embarrassed by the whole thing and she made him swear not to tell anyone, not
even Mike. Bill agreed, telling Karen that she would owe him one. Several times
in the last 2 weeks she had seen Bill looking at her a little strangely. She
found it both annoying and exciting. She forgave Connie for doing that to her,
but made her promise not to do it again in the future.

     Mike and Steve were going to be busy playing golf this whole weekend, so
Karen invited Connie to their cabin on the lake. The nearest neighbors are
across the lake, about 500 yards or so.  Connie eagerly accepted, knowing that
Karen meant to tie her up and even the score.

                    *

     Mike and Steve drove to the golf course and hit the practice range to fine
tune their game.

                    *

           Connie packed for the trip, making sure to include her special toys.
Karen also packed, one bag for apparel and a slightly smaller bag for ropes,
straps, gags, and a special chastity belt she had purchased two nights ago.
Karen had donned dark glasses and a wig so that she could go into one of the sex
shops downtown and look around.  The belt would fit around Connie's waist and
the strap would go between her legs with a butt plug and a vibrating dildo. Last
night before Mike got home Karen put it on herself and climaxed while thinking
about Bill finding her naked & bound.

     Karen wore her blue bikini with the white piping and slipped on a pair of
white shorts over the bikini bottoms. Deck shoes and a visor completed her
travel outfit and she went over to see if Connie was ready.

     "Good Morning," Karen cheerfully called out as Connie opened the door. "I'm
ready to go, how are you doing?"

     "I'm almost ready; just a couple of last minute items; come on in." Connie
had her hair up and was wearing cream colored shorts and a light green top. She
had tennis shoes on and sunglasses perched in her hair.

     Karen followed Connie into the bedroom and watched as she packed C
batteries and her polaroid camera. "Good Idea, Connie," commented Karen. Connie
looked up and winked at her. The two girls packed Connie's luggage out to
Karen's car and after setting the alarm for the house they were off to the lake.

     The drive to the lake takes a little over 2 hours and they both could
hardly wait to get there.

     "Gee, I hope the boys do well," said Karen. "Mike really has his heart set
on winning or at least be in the top three."

     "I think they will Karen.....anyway......let's hope that they have a good
time...I know that we will. I'm sure glad that you planned this.  It's going to
be a fun weekend, just the two of us....alone with nature."

     About 1 hour passed before Karen turned off the main highway onto a
secondary gravel road.

     "1 more hour and we'll be there," said Karen.

     "I can hardly wait...I feel like a kid waiting for Christmas," Connie
replied.

     "Well, we're not kids anymore, so why wait," Karen stated as she pulled her
BMW to the side of the road under a tree. "Open the glove compartment." Connie
opened it and saw a small pile of white rope. As Karen reached over and pulled
out three short pieces she smiled at Connie and said, "I knew I couldn't wait
either. Lean forward and put your wrists together behind your back."

     Connie turned slightly, leaned forward, and crossed her wrists behind her.
She felt the ropes tighten on her skin and ecstasy replaced the tension of
waiting. "I know you want your revenge Karen, but remember that we've got 2
whole days to act out any fantasy that we want."

     "Don't worry Connie, we'll both be wearing ropes before this weekend is
over, but first it's your turn, and I'm going to enjoy it. Now turn around and
lift your butt a little," commanded Karen as she hooked her fingers on the
waistband of Connie's shorts.

     "Karen, we could still be seen before we get to the lake. Don't strip me
here."

     "Trust me and do as I say...besides, what choice do you have?"

     "None," agreed Connie and she lifted her butt, allowing Karen to pull off
her shorts and panties.

     "Very nice," commented Karen as she twirled a finger in Connie's bush. "It
looks like you trimmed your pussy hair....did you do that for me?"

     Connie didn't reply and watched as Karen reached into the glove box and
pulled out a dildo. "My friend here is lonely, he wants to ride the rest of the
way inside your warm pussy." Karen spread Connie's legs and easily slipped the
dildo inside her. Then she put Connie's panties back on and pulled them up snug.
"There, now that's more comfy, isn't it?" Karen put Connie's shorts back on her
and unbuttoned her blouse. The other two ropes bound Connie's ankles and knees.
It was not a vibrating dildo, but it did fill her up and Connie was well aware
of it's presence as they bounced along the gravel road. Every now and then Karen
would reach over and tease Connie's nipples. "What..I can't quite hear you, your
voice is muffled.  Oh, now I can hear better. My friend says that he loves it
inside your pussy. He says it's warm and cozy and that you taste so good.
What?...Oh sure, I'll see for myself later."

                    *

     Meanwhile, back in the city, Mike and Steve finished the second hole and
had back to back pars. "This isn't going to be good enough partner, " Mike said.
"We've got to get some birdies."

     "I know," agreed Steve. "I think we'll need about 5 under today; gotta get
the putter working."

     "Yeah, you get your putting stroke and I'll try to straighten out my
drives."


                    *


     Karen stopped her car between the cabin and the storage shed and took a
deep breath of cool clean air. The cabin was off to the right. There was six
steps leading up to a porch that faced the lake. The lake was about a hundred
feet from the porch of the cabin and was calm today. Across the lake was another
cabin, belonging to the Powells, a retired couple. The Powells only came up to
their cabin 2 or 3 times a year, preferring to tour in their Winnebago instead.
Their cabin was only a speck to the naked eye, but with binoculars, or better
yet, a telescope, a voyeur could do quite well, if there were anything to see.
Karen and Mike kept both binoculars and a telescope at their cabin, presumably
to observe nature and the stars, but they had no idea if the Powells' cabin was
similarly equipped.

     Karen got out of the car and opened Connie's door. "I guess I'll have to
take our bags in since you seem to be tied up right now. Swing your legs around
so I can untie you." Connie twisted her legs around where Karen could get at
them and Karen untied the rope around her knees and ankles, helped Connie get
out of the car and guided her up the steps to the porch. On the porch was an
old- fashioned bench seat swing. Karen turned Connie around and untied her
wrists. "OK, you won't be needing any clothes for a while, so take em off and
remove the dildo." Connie nodded and in 20 seconds was completely nude. "Sit in
the middle of the swing and hold your arms out to the sides." Connie did as she
was told and Karen bound her to the swing. Her arms went to each side, knees
pulled apart, ankles crossed  and pulled back under the seat. Her red bush and
wet pussy were completely on display. "Geez, don't you just feel so free out
here, no one else around," said Karen as she removed her top, standing in front
of Connie in her bikini bottom and deck shoes. "You really look good Connie,
good enough to eat, but first things first." Karen picked up Connie's discared
panties and wadded them up. "I need to gag you for a while...my these got awful
wet...open wide." Connie took the panties into her mouth and held them there
while Karen got a 2" ace wrap and wound it between her lips and behind her head.
"Now for the first of what I hope will be many delightful surprises." Karen
knelt in front of Connie and used her mouth and hands to stimulate Connie's
breasts, sucking, licking, and fondling until Connie began to moan. As Karen's
fingertips lightly traced around each areola, Connie's nipples became hard.
Connie's eyes closed and her breathing quickened. "I think you're ready," said
Karen as she pulled out 2 clothespins from her bag. Connie was lost in pleasure
until the first clothespin snapped down on her tender left nipple.

     "MMMpppfff.....MMMfff...MMpppfff" she screamed through the panties stuffed
in her mouth and a few tears rolled down her cheeks. Karen ignored her and
attached the second clothespin to her right nipple and was again greeted by
Connie's muffled pleas, "mmmff...mmppff."

     "I read that a little light pain heightened the experience of being in
bondage, so enjoy while I bring in our things and unpack."

     Connie wasn't sure whether she agreed with Karen right now....it seemed
like more than just a little light pain to her. Her nipples that just a minute
ago were being lovingly attended to, now were in pain, pain that radiated
through her body. She strugged and twisted, but the clothespins stayed put. She
looked down and saw their tight grip on her sensitive nipples, and then the pain
became a little less sharp and she felt her pussy becoming wetter and
hotter...she knew she was close to a climax. Karen came up the stairs with the
first set of luggage. "MMppfff....MMMpppff." Karen walked by and into the cabin
as if Connie weren't there. Five minutes or an eternity passed by before Karen
re-emerged from the cabin and went back down the stairs and retrieved the last
of the luggage. Again Connie squirmed and grunted as she passed by and again
Karen ignored her.


                    *


     Mike and Steve were also in pain at that moment. They had only 2 holes left
to play and were only 2 under par. "I don't understand it Mike, why did we pick
today to fall apart? Things don't look so good, buddy."

     "All we can do is birdie these last 2 holes and hope for a little luck from
the rest of the players," said Mike. "I really thought that this would be our
year. If we can somehow make it to the finals tomorrow...well I know we would
play better than we've played today."

     "Yeah, we sure would. Well I hope the girls are having a better time so far
than we are."


                    *


     Time went by...Connie didn't know how much...her world was only the ropes,
the throb in her nipples, and the frustration in her pussy--so close and
yet....where is she?

     "We're all unpacked," Karen said, as she finally appeared again, carrying
Connie's Polaroid. She walked in front of Connie and knelt down. "This will be
the first for our scrapbook...smile." Karen snapped the picture and sat the
camera down. "My, it looks as if you've been having yourself a good time. You're
all sweaty and your red pussy hair is glistening and .... now who left these on
your tits," Karen exclaimed as she plucked the clothespins off Connie's nipples.
The sudden release from the constant pressure sent a wave of pleasure throught
Connie and at the same time Karen thrust several fingers inside her and
finger-fucked Connie until she climaxed over and over again, finally slumping
against the back of the swing. Karen reached up and kissed Connie on her gagged
lips and then lightly rubbed lotion on her red nipples. "I hope that wasn't too
bad.....I mean I hope the clothespins weren't too much for you. I tried them on
myself at home first. I'll untie you now and you can shower while I fix some
lunch." Karen released Connie from the swing and Connie returned the kiss before
leaving for her shower.

     "No Karen, the clothespins weren't that bad. After I got used to them they
were OK and when you took them off, wow...what a rush. I can't wait to put them
on your tits."

     "Well that won't happen today, I've still got some catching up to do. Now
go take your shower and let's eat lunch." Karen's eyes were on Connie's ass as
Connie walked to the shower and her hands were massaging her breasts. Connie
disappeared around the corner and Karen went to the kitchen.


                    *


     Mike and Steve were watching the results being posted in the clubhouse and
when the scores were finished they knew that they were finished. They had
birdied both of the last 2 holes and finished 4 under, but true to Mike's
prediction, it took 5 under to make it to Sunday.

     "Well, there's always next year," commented Steve. "Let's go grab a beer
somewhere."

     "Might as well," agreed Mike. "Let's go to that new topless joint over by
the college."


                    *


     Karen finished her lunch and looked across the table at Connie. "I'll get a
few things together while you finish eating and then we'll go down by the
water."

     "Should I put my bikini on?"

     "No...the only thing I want you to wear is a smile." Connie managed a wry
smile and continued eating.

     Karen returned with a blanket under one arm and carrying a beach bag. "Are
you ready?"

     "I guess so."

     Karen led the way down to a small dock at the lake's edge. The dock was
about 6' x 10', made of wooden planks, and had a small boat anchored to it.
Karen spread the blanket out on the dock. "Wouldn't want to get splinters in
that nice ass of yours. Lay down with your legs toward the lake."

     "Gee thanks, you're so considerate," Connie sarcastically answered as she
laid down on the blanket.

     Karen methodically tied each of Connie's limbs to one of the dock's
pilings. Each binding was secure but not stretched tight. Connie could wiggle
and move a little, but she was not going to get free on her own.

     "Are you comfy?" Karen said as she checked each of the ropes.

     "Not too bad, but the sun is kind of bright."

     "I've got just the thing for that right here." Karen pulled out a scarf
from her beach bag, folded it and tied a blindfold over Connie's eyes. "That's
better now, isn't it?"

     "Yeah, that keeps the sun out of my eyes real good. At first I thought you
were going to gag me with it."

     "Not yet....later." Karen opened the tube of sunscreen and squirted some in
her hand. She worked from Connie's toes upward, making sure all of Connie was
protected, even her nose and ears. By the time she finished, Connie was softly
moaning encouragement.

     "Yeah...that feels good...more...a little harder...oh wow, pinch em...that
feels great."

     "You're done....now I have to put some on me," said Karen. She pulled off
her bikini bottoms and dropped them on the dock. "There, that feels good, back
to nature." Karen stood between Connie's legs and nudged her in the V of her
crotch with her toe as she talked. "I'm putting lotion on my legs now...up my
thighs...so smooth...on my ass...oooh...arms, stomach...on my breasts, my
nipples...they're getting harder...my neck now...finally my nose. God, I'm
horny." She kneeled over Connie's face and Connie smelled Karen's arousal.

     "Yes, give me your pussy...let me lick you... I want to taste you."

     Karen lowered her pussy to Connie's eager mouth. While Connie licked,
sucked, and probed Karen's pussy with her mouth and tongue Karen massaged her
own breasts, pinching and rolling her nipples. Finally, with a low guttural
scream, her body stiffened and she climaxed several times before falling
backwards. Karen laid between Connie's spreadeagled legs while she caught her
breath. When she rose up on one elbow she noticed that they were more or less
pussy to pussy and that gave her an idea for later on.

     "Now I really feel relaxed, let's work on our tans. If I fall asleep, wake
me up in about an hour, OK." Karen laid out her own blanket at the end of the
dock and turned over on her stomach. Connie fidgeted, knowing that she couldn't
relax......if she fell asleep they'd both be cooked.


                    *


     Steve drained his third beer and slammed it down. "God Mike, this is making
me horny, look at that blonde's tits. You could hang a picture on those
nipples."

     "I know what you mean man, that last little brunette got my cock rarin to
go and neither one of us has any pussy waitin at home."

     "Welllll--maybe.....no we can't, I just know they'd find out and then we'd
really be fucked." Suddenly Steve broke out in a wide grin. "Hey, I got an
idea...why don't we sneak up there and surprise em."

     "I'm all for that, maybe they'll be as horny as we are."

     "I don't think that's possible," laughed Steve. "Let's go home, grab a few
things and take off."

     Mike chugged the rest of his beer and they were on their way.


                    *


     "Hey sleeping beauty," Connie called out. "I'm getting kind of warm."

     Karen looked at her watch. "It's been about 45 minutes, let's turn you
over, baste, and cook for 45 minutes more." Karen released Connie from her
face-up spread-eagle position and then retied her face down. She squirted the
lotion directly onto Connie's back and proceeded to gently cover her shoulders,
arms, legs, and especially her butt. "You know, your butt is one of your best
assets, no pun intended. I just love your ass, I wish mine had a little more
shape to it, like yours."

     "Your ass is just fine," Connie snapped. "Steve thinks your whole body is a
work of art."

     "Really....I didn't think he noticed."

     "Come on Karen, don't be coy with me, you know damn well that Steve would
screw you in a heartbeat if he had the chance."

     "Well maybe he'll get the chance sometime. While we're on the subject, Mike
always comes back from your pool parties horny as hell and I know he fantasizes
about what he'd like to do to YOU. I don't mind though....sex is usually great
those nights."

     "Maybe he'd like more than just the fantasy, I bet he' s well hung."

     "I've heard enough, chew on this." Karen commanded as she shoved a penis
shaped gag into Connie's mouth. She tightened the strap an extra notch. "You can
fantasize that you're sucking Mike's cock. I'll be back for you  in 30 minutes."

     Connie watched as Karen went towards the cabin and hoped that Karen was
only acting peeved. She was pretty sure that Karen wouldn't mind getting screwed
by Steve.....and Mike.....she'd let him do anything he wanted.


                    *


     Mike and Steve threw a few clothes in their exercise bags and started out
for the lake, being sure to take a cooler full of beer with them. Mike was 6' 2"
and had been a football player in high school and kept in shape by playing
tennis with Mike. Mike was 5' 11" and had been a wrestler in high school. They
kept up their discussion of how horny they were and what they were going to do
with their wives.

     "I'm going to take her doggy style right away," said Mike, and then later
she can blow me while I'm drinking a beer."

     "I'm going to strip Connie and fuck her standing up, she loves that. My
dick sliding in and out of her and my hands holding her gorgeous ass...oh
man...it's going to be heaven, and then I'm going to fuck her ass too."

     "Does Connie let you do that? Karen's idea of wild sex is to do it
somewhere other than the bedroom."

     "I haven't fucked her ass yet," answered Steve, "but I think she's ready
for it. We've talked about doing it and lately she seems a little wilder. I
think she's changing, more open...hell, I'm going to do it."

     "You're a lucky son-of-a-bitch, Steve, Connie is a beautiful lady."

     "Shit, I don't have nothin on you. Karen is a real blonde minx. Hell, she
could give a dead man a woodie."

     "Yeah, I guess she is kind of good looking."

     "You're just too close to the situation to appreciate what you have. My
cock comes to attention when she prances around our pool in her barely there
bikini."

     "I guess you're right, I'm too busy undressing Connie with my eyes to
notice how good Karen looks."

     "Do we sound like a couple of guys ready to swap wives or what?," Steve
smirked.

     "I'm could go for it, but I don't think the girls would go along."

     "Come on, get the girls down off of that pedestal, they get just as horny
as we do. They fantasy just like we do.....we just have to lead them in the
right direction. What do you say we give it a try?"

     "OK....subtely though, you come on to Karen and I'll go for Connie, but if
they don't go along, then we stop, agreed?"

     "Agreed."


                    *


     Karen wasn't upset with the notion of swapping husbands...she had
fantasized many times about sex with Steve. She came into the cabin because she
thought that she had seen a reflection from across the lake, coming from the
Powell's cabin and she wanted to check it out. Karen pulled the curtains
slightly apart in her bedroom and aimed the telescope across the lake. There it
was again, a quick flash...she increased the magnification to 60 and focused in.
She saw 2 girls, probably high school age, 1 was peering through a telescope
aimed directly at where Connie was tied on the dock. The other girl seemed to be
rubbing her breasts and quickly took her turn at the telescope when the first
girl gave her a turn. Karen remembered now that the Powells had told her and
Mike that they had a grand-daughter and that she might be using their cabin
occasionally. Karen chuckled about what an eyeful those 2 girls were getting.
They had a perfect view of the dock and the porch and must have seen everything
so far. Karen didn't mind being spied on, it actually made her wetter trying to
imagine what those 2 girls must be thinking. She watched the watchers until it
was time to change Connie's bondage.

     "How did Mike feel inside your mouth," Karen said, as she walked out onto
the dock. She hadn't bothered to put any clothes back on, it might let the girls
know that she knew. "Let's get you out of the sun...I've got some indoor
activities planned for you." Karen untied Connie's spreadeagled arms and then
retied her wrists behind her back and tied her elbows together tightly before
releasing her legs. When Connie's legs were freed, Karen had her stand facing
the lake while she tied her just above the knees, and then for the benefit of
the 2 spies, she decided a crotch rope would be nice. Karen tied a rope tightly
around Connie's waist, pulled the loose end down through Connie's pussy lips,
pulled it tight and tied it to the elbow ropes. Karen then pulled on the crotch
rope to turn Connie around and lead her up to the cabin. It was difficult for
Connie to walk, but finally she made it up the steps.


                    *


     Mike and Steve turned off the main highway and started down the gravel
road.

     "We'll be there in about an hour, I hope we can surprise em," said Mike.

     "Well none of us thought we'd play so bad today, so I'm sure they won't be
expecting us." answered Steve.


                    *


     Karen released Connie from the hogtie she had put her in for the last half
hour and let her relax for a few minutes. Connie used the opportunity for a
drink of water and a trip to the bathroom.

     Connie returned to the living room and asked "What's next....when do I get
to tie you?"

     "Maybe tomorrow, right now I want you over here." Karen motioned to the
coffee table, a sturdy piece of wood furniture. "Sit on the edge and put your
hands out in front." Karen tied Connie's wrists together and then gagged her
with a red rubber ball and a scarf. "Now lean back and put your wrists over your
head." Connie's wrists were anchored to the coffee table legs and then her
ankles were tied to her thighs and her knees anchored to the other legs of the
table. A final rope around her chest and stomach held her tight to the table
surface. "You look so pretty...good enough to eat." Karen knelt at the edge of
the coffee table and ran her fingers through Connie's bush. She leaned forward
and gently nibbled on Connie's nipples. She thrust 2 fingers quickly in and out
of Connie's pussy. Connie was just beginning to rock her hips  when Karen stood
up and left the room. Connie shouted her disapproval through the gag until Karen
came back a couple of minutes later.

     Karen knelt to the side of Connie and gently massaged her breasts. "I want
us to be in bondage together and this is as close as we can come. I'm going to
tie myself up and use the handcuffs on my wrists. I'll put one key right here by
the sofa leg and as a precaution the other key will be on the floor by the
bedroom door. Karen got up and sat on a kitchen chair as Connie turned her head
to watch. Karen tied her ankles and knees and then gagged herself with wadded up
panties and a scarf. Next she tied a crotch rope on herself and made sure it was
tight. Connie watched Karen double a 3' length of rope and tie the two ends to
her ankles. Karen lowered herself to the floor, winked at Connie and clicked one
cuff onto her left wrist. She twisted her head and guided the other cuff through
the ankle loop and snapped it shut on her right wrist. Now both of them were
nude, bound, and gagged.


                    *


     Steve stopped his Explorer about 100 yards before they reached the cabin.
"Do you want to drive all the way and surprise em or go in on foot from here and
really surprise em?"

     Both men had drank a couple of beers on the way and were feeling brave.
"Let's sneak up and scare the shit out of them."

     "I like the way you think," agreed Steve.

     They each grabbed a beer and started walking. When they reached Karen's car
they stopped and Mike signaled Steve to crouch. "Don't let them see us through
the window, stay low until we get to door. We'll count to 3, open the door, and
yell surprise, OK."

     Steve nodded and they snuck up the stairs to the door, being careful not to
be seen.


                    *


     Connie was getting hot, being tied up and seeing Karen tied up too. She
squirmed and watched Karen roll around the floor in her hogtie. Karen worked her
way over to Connie and managed to get into a kneeling position where she could
stimulate Connie's pussy with her nose and chin. Karen and Connie were both
moaning through their gags, both ready to cum.


                    *


     "1...2...3...............SURPRISE."




Part 2

SATURDAY BOUND

     "1...2...3...............SURPRISE."

     All four bodies in the cabin were frozen in time, etched in all of their
memories forever. Maybe 10 seconds went by before Mike broke the spell. "What
the hell." Mike ran to Karen and ungagged her. "Are you alright? Who did this to
you? Steve had Connie's gag off now and their concern for the wives were
interrupted.

     "STOP," commanded Connie. "We're OK...........sit down and let us explain."
Mike and Steve moved to the couch and sat down, as if in a trance. Connie
continued "This is a game that Karen and I play. We were going to let you guys
in on it, but hadn't found a good opening yet."

     "What do you mean, a game?" asked Steve. His concerns were being replaced
by the excitement at seeing Karen nude.

     "Connie and I discovered a new erotica, " offered Karen, "It started when
we bet on the Phoenix/Houston series and lost. I wanted to share this with you
Mike, but I guess I was too embarrassed.

     "So you two came up here to play bondage games with each other," said Mike
as he stared at Connie, "because you were horny."

     "That's about it," answered Karen. "Are you mad?"

     "Hell no," said Steve. "We came up here because we're horny too. Mike,
let's go outside and talk for a minute."

     Mike and Steve went out on the porch and closed the door.

     "What do you think they'll do?" asked Karen.

     "Well I hope they take advantage of the situation, I was really close to
cumming when then they walked in."

     "What if they want to swap partners?"

     "Hey, what can we do about it, tied up like this? Besides, who cares, it
only adds to the excitement. A new chapter in our sexual awakening."

     "OK, you're right. We're tied up...they're running the show now."

     The door opened and Steve and Mike walked back in. 

     "Hi guys, what did you talk about?" Karen asked.

     "You.....and us.....and that we like games too." Steve answered.

     "Especially games that involve our fantasies," added Mike as he moved to
the Coffee Table and stood by Connie's head.

     Steve grabbed Karen's shoulders and moved her away from Connie's pussy.
"Yeah, fantasies of indulging our every sexual whim, especially with a sexy
neighbor. Steve and Mike dropped their pants and BVDs to the floor, their pricks
springing to attention. Steve grabbed a handful of Karen's blonde hair and
pulled her mouth toward him. "Suck it babe" he commanded. Mike straddled
Connie's head and lowered his cock into her waiting mouth. Both girls eagerly
sucked and tongued the guys cocks until they both shot their wad.  They pulled
out as they came, spilling cum onto the girls' faces and tits.

     "Wow, that was great," Mike said. "Let's finish those beers."

     "Hey, what about us?" Connie whined.

     "You're right, we'll never be able to enjoy our beers if we have to listen
to your whining," said Steve. "How bout it Mike, should we shut em up?"

     "Definitely."

     Karen and Connie were re-gagged and reduced to moaning and grunting their
complaints. "MMMpppfff......mmppfff".

     "It's still a little noisy in here," said Mike. "Let's drink em down at the
dock."

     "Sounds good to me," answered Steve. As he left Steve bent down and picked
up the handcuff key that was next to the coffee table leg. "We wouldn't want to
misplace this. I'll just keep it for safety's sake."

     After the guys were gone, Connie and Karen tried to communicate through
their gags, but to no avail. Connie nodded her head towards the bedroom and
finally got Karen to look. There it was....the other key. Karen began to inch
her way over towards it while Connie watched the front door. Actually neither
girl wanted to be untied, but both were excited by the game. They knew that a
promising weekend was turning into a fantastic one. Karen reached the key, but
fumbled it several times trying to insert it into the keyhole. Finally the key
went in and one hand was free. Karen pulled the cuffs through the hogtie loop
and unlocked the other cuff. She untied her knees and was just starting on her
ankles when the door opened.

     "Oh no you don't," yelled Mike as he ran over and grabbed Karen, pulling
her arms behind her. "Pretty sneaky.....having another key hid out.....it's a
good thing the bugs drove us back inside."

     "Phase 2 sounds pretty good right now," said Steve as he walked across the
room. "Connie's ready for you just the way she is."

     Mike looked over at Connie with her legs spread open and smiled. "She looks
more than ready.....why don't you take Karen into one of the bedrooms. Take some
of that rope on the floor over there."

     Steve picked up a few lengths of rope and guided Karen towards the guest
bedroom. "Remember Mike, don't rush, make her beg for it."

     "Absolutely" agreed Mike as he sat on the couch, staring at Connie. "Let's
get down to business." Mike took off all his clothes as Connie turned her head
to watch.

     Steve took Karen to the bed and had her lay down. As he was tying her 4
limbs to the corners of the bed he whispered in her ear, "You know Karen, I've
wanted you for a long time, but never even dreamed that it would happen,
especially not this way." He stood up and looked at her. "Wow, a little slice of
heaven, but this rope here is going to get in my way." Steve untied and removed
the rope running through Karen's pussy.

     "MMMMfffff.......mmmpppfff," agreed Karen, as best she could.

     Steve lifted Karen's butt and placed a pillow underneath her. Karen sighed
and closed her eyes as she felt Steve's fingers on the inside of her thighs.
Steve worked his way up Karen's thighs with his fingers, mouth, and tongue. He
skipped her pussy and went up her stomach, past her breasts, and concentrated on
her neck and earlobes. In no time at all Karen was moaning and squirming in her
bonds, but Steve would not give in to her demands. He took his time, savoring
each new part of Karen's body that he explored. Steve lingered a long time on
her breasts, massaging with his fingers and sucking, nibbling, biting with with
his mouth and tongue. He loved the way her nipples got hard as he ran his tongue
around her areolas.  Every so often he would stop and watch her squirm as he
removed an article of his clothing until he too was naked. When he took off his
briefs, Karen saw that Steve's cock was rock hard. Karen breathed heavily
through her nose and her chest rose and fell as she fought the ropes. Steve came
at her from the foot of the bed as Karen strained her neck to see the top of his
head above her upraised pussy. He kissed and licked his way up until he was at
her pussy.  Karen felt his tongue go inside her and her breathing became shallow
and quick. Steve's finger went in and out of her pussy,,,,slowly. Karen felt him
nibble on her clit and then a finger lubricated with her juices invaded her
rectum. His mouth and tongue on her pussy and his finger in her ass were driving
her wild and soon Karen's climax erupted through her body. Steve pulled back and
watched her as Karen recovered.

     "Mmmpppfff......mmmfff." Karen grunted for Steve to continue.

     Steve straddled Karen and rubbed his cock across her gagged lips and then
traced around her nipples, leaving a trail of pre-cum on her breasts. He moved
down her stomach and rubbed his penis in her bush as she pushed upward to meet
him. Perspiration made her body shine and her skin became reddish from exertion.  
Without further ceremony Steve plunged his cock into her and after a few thrusts
they both came and then Karen came again and again.   Steve remained lightly on
top of Karen as they both relaxed, kissing her nipples and running his fingers
through her matted hair. He kissed her nose and then got off the bed.

     "Let's get you untied and we'll see how Mike and Connie are doing." Steve
removed the gag from Karen's mouth and kissed her lips gently. "I hope they're
having as much fun as we did."

     "I'm sure they are....I think it was a fantasy that we all had but never
thought would happen," answered Karen.

     When Steve finished untying her, Karen got down and stretched the kinks
out. Then they went out to the living room to check up on their spouses and
found only a pile of ropes on the coffee table. Mike and Connie were sitting on
the floor drinking a beer and talking.

     "There they are," Connie exclaimed. "What took you guys so long?"

     Steve answered her. "Well......you were served up on a platter for Mike. I
had to tie Karen to the bed first before I could ravish her, and I wanted to
take my time......enjoy the experience."

     "Was it worth the wait?" asked Mike.

     Karen grinned and blushed a little. "You bet it was. Steve did a great
job.....he can ravish me anytime."

     "How about a shower, I'm kind of sweaty." said Connie.

     "Do you think we can all fit in? asked Steve.

     "Sounds like fun, let's try it" answered Mike.

     All four crammed into the oversized shower and had a rollicking good time
soaping each other up and rinsing off. They each grabbed a towel, dryed
themselves and returned to the living room, wrapped in their towels.

     "How did you girls get started tying each other up?" Mike asked. "Steve and
I want to hear all the details."

     "If we tell you all the details," Karen said, "We'll probably get horny
again."

     "I'm willing to risk it." said Steve. "Start from the beginning."

     "OK," said Connie, "but I don't intend to go to bed horny.......if you get
my drift."

     Steve patted his groin and told her "Don't worry, I've got just the cure
for that right here."


     They stayed up talking for another couple of hours. Karen and Connie told
their guys all about the other two times they had played their game and sure
enough all four of them ended up groping  each other as the towels ended up on
the floor. Before going to the bedrooms they agreed to continue with more fun
and games on Sunday.

END

And Saturday's fun had ended with Sunday's still to come.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ten to win


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





