BDSM Library - Giving Alice What She Wants and Needs




Giving Alice What She Wants and Needs
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In time of war two sex-starved young wives make do as best as they can, one assuming the role of the husband and the other as her submissive wife.
Giving Alice What She Wants and Needs

by Brenda


Lucy and Alice sat in a shaded wood, talking about how they missed their
husbands, especially in bed. Alice confessed to Lucy her craving for a hard
thrusting penis deep in her cunt and they both confessed that they played with
themselves incessantly. In an effort to comfort and soothe one another, they
embraced. An innocent kiss led to more passionate kissing and soon their hands
were under each other's skirts, their fingers rubbing and teasing each other
through wet panties until they cried out with orgasm.

Alice was shy and embarrassed afterwards, but the bolder dark-haired young woman
said she had heard tales of a lot of young wives seeking similar pleasure
together, that a sex-starved wife had to make do as best she can in time of war.
Wishing to further explore this new form of woman-to-woman sex, Lucy bore Alice
to the ground on her back and lay on her side, her face above Alice's.

Their lips met again and Alice was shocked and stiffened in Lucy's arms when
Lucy probed her very wet tongue into her mouth. Lucy held Alice's head tightly
against the ground with both hands in her hair and quelled her resistance by a
deliberate flow of saliva into Alice's mouth. Alice swallowed Lucy's saliva,
shuddering with repulsion. But Lucy was persistent, making the pretty blonde
swallow again and again. Alice put up a token struggle which a very determined
Lucy responded to by cruelly tightening her fingers in Alice's hair and
increasing the flow of saliva.

What Lucy was doing in her mouth was nasty, and the act was made even nastier by
Lucy using force to make her accept it. But Lucy's aggression thrilled Alice and
her initial repulsion was overcome by wild passion. She swallowed Lucy's saliva
again, and whimpering her sudden desire and need, her tongue now eagerly entered
the wet cavity of Lucy's mouth.

Lucy was inflamed with lust by Alice's surrender to her deliberately nasty act
of passion, and by her own never-before-experienced sexual power over another
person. She had always been sexually submissive with men and her husband, and
she liked playing the dominate sexual role. She liked it very much. That it was
lewd and forbidden for a woman to have sexual pleasure with another woman
mattered not to her, it made the act more thrilling. Much more thrilling than
with any man.

Maintaining one controlling hand tightly in Alice's hair, Lucy used the other to
pull the hem of Alice's skirt above her waist. Alice splayed her legs wide and
sucked hungrily at her tongue as Lucy caressed her pussy through her soggy panty
crotch for a long moment.

"I'm going to put my hand in your panties and do you properly this time," said
Lucy huskily as she drew her mouth away from the blonde's. Alice trembled as
Lucy moved her hand to her belly, above the waistband of her cotton panties.

"You mustn't put your hand in my panties and actually touch me there! Oh, you
mustn't!" Alice gasped, seizing Lucy's wrist and clamping her legs tightly
together.

Lucy knew that Alice could have used her other hand to push her away, yet she
kept her arm around her neck, unwilling to break their forbidden embrace. Nor
did Alice try to wrench her hand away from her quivering belly. Alice liked what
they were doing, but it was now very obvious to Lucy that Alice wanted to be
made to surrender. That realization made Lucy's pulse race with lust.

"I intend on having my wicked way with you," Lucy said, twisting her fingers in
Alice's hair until Alice whimpered. "Obey me you sexy bitch," Lucy whispered
hotly. Maintaining her cruel grip, Lucy tongue-kissed her again. Alice
immediately responded, sucking passionately at the wetness of Lucy's long
tongue.

Alice's resistance wilted under Lucy's wet tongue kisses, and she parted her
legs wide and quivered as Lucy slipped her hand inside her panties and moved her
fingers to deliciously stroke her wet pussy. Alice responded hotly to Lucy's
intimate caress, but stiffened and wrenched her mouth away from Lucy's when
Lucy's finger moved further down inside her panties to touch her anus.

"Never had your asshole touched before?" Lucy asked huskily, her other hand
tightening cruelly in Alice's hair. "Hasn't your husband ever exercised that
tight little hole with his cock?"

"N...no...Never," Alice replied, shocked by the other woman's finger which
remained touching that forbidden orifice.

A moment later Alice cried out in shocked dismay as Lucy wormed her finger deep
inside her asshole. Lucy held Alice's hair tightly and began to work her finger
in and out of the tight rear hole, making Alice tremble and gasp with growing
arousal. Capturing Alice's mouth again with her mouth, Lucy fed Alice with her
saliva which was eagerly drank down. Alice squirmed against the invading finger,
shocked by the dirtiness of Lucy's act, and by her own passionate response to
it.

Lucy withdrew her finger for a moment and then penetrated her asshole again,
this time with two fingers. She frigged Alice's asshole hard and deep and fast,
making Alice whimper and cry in wild orgasm.

Lucy curbed her own need for sexual release again with Alice. The woods was too
public a place to engage in what she had in mind with Alice. Their panties were
sodden with cum as they walked home. Alice's Doberman, Duke, moved close behind
Alice, rudely sniffing at her ass. He had never behaved like that before, and
Alice shooed him away.

"He can smell the wetness of your cum in your panties," Lucy giggled as he
pressed his muzzle against Alice's pretty ass again. "I think he likes what he
smells."

"I think he's rude and dirty," Alice said, blushing.

"Don't be such a prude," Lucy retorted. "We've both been married long enough to
know that any male becomes excited and rude when he gets a whiff of a woman's
cunny. I think he is hot to take you as his bitch."

"I've heard of husbands putting wives to a dog for being unfaithful," Alice
mused, blushing deeply at what she had just said.

"I've not heard that, but I don't come from the country like you," Lucy smiled.
"But I have heard of widows letting their pet dogs mount and fuck them for
pleasure."

They walked on in silence, lustful seeds growing in each other's minds.

"I think I had better change my soggy panties and wash between my legs or Duke
won't give me any peace this evening," Alice said as they entered the country
cottage.

"He's got the scent of your sexy cunt," Lucy said, embracing Alice from behind.
"You know what a dog's like when he's got the scent of a bitch in heat. He won't
give you any peace till you give him what he wants." Alice trembled as Lucy
kissed and licked her neck and ear. In reply she finally strained her head
towards Lucy's and they tongue-kissed passionately.

Lucy's fingers worked deftly at the button of Alice's skirt and it suddenly
dropped to the floor around her feet. Alice closed her eyes and moaned with
passion, quivering as Lucy's fingers caressed her through her wet panty crotch.
Alice's eyes suddenly flew open and she gasped in alarm when she felt Duke's
nose pressing against her soaked crotch.

"You were unfaithful to George with me in the woods, weren't you?" Lucy asked
huskily.

"I...I...yes," Alice replied, the dogs warm breath against her thighs making her
breathe quicker.

"In George's absence I must punish you on his behalf, Alice. In the country way.
I'm going to put you to his dog. But before Duke mounts you and takes you as his
bitch, I'm going to take you to bed and use you as my bitch also. You will lick
my pussy and my dirty asshole all night long."

Alice moaned as she felt the dog's warm, wet tongue lapping at her panty crotch
and the tops of her thighs where she was wet with her juices.  What Lucy was
suggesting was extreme lewdness, but what they had done in the woods had waken
them both.

"It is also the country way for a man to beat his wife long and hard when he
discovers she has been unfaithful," Alice said, trembling in Lucy's arms.

"Are you asking me to beat you, my sexy bitch?" Lucy whispered in Alice's ear.

"Yes," Alice replied, captivated by the other woman's lust, and by her own
passions that Lucy's aggressiveness aroused.

Lucy cruelly dragged Alice by her hair from the room and up the stairs, the
blonde's whimpers exciting her to extremes. "Strip naked, unfaithful bitch" Lucy
ordered as she began to undress also. When they were both naked, Alice was
ordered to fetch a leather belt for her beating. 

Alice hurried to get one of her husband's leather belts, kneeling before Lucy
and offering it. Lucy seized the belt and with her other hand she grabbed
Alice's hair tightly. "Our husbands are both in the front lines and the chances
are extremely likely that neither of them will survive the war," Lucy said, her
voice husky with lust. "An unfaithful bitch like you needs someone strong to
permanently take your husband's place, to punish you for your unfaithfulness, in
many ways and often. Someone who will also completely master you in bed in the
dirtiest  ways. Do you agree, bitch?"

Alice moaned as Lucy yanked her hair. "Yes," she whimpered. "I am an unfaithful
bitch and need hard punishment and dirty mastering in bed." She stared at Lucy's
thick, dark pubic bush, trembling with desire for what she knew Lucy was going
to give her.

"You are a hot, sexy bitch and should be used hard in bed. In the absence of
your husband, and the unlikely event of him ever returning, I shall take it upon
myself to permanently take his place. Don't you find that to be such bittersweet
poetic justice for a cheating wife?" Lucy yanked Alice's hair cruelly again.

"I...I...yes," Alice moaned, her pussy oozing with arousal at the sexy thought
of Lucy permanently taking her husband's place.

"It is perfectly obvious to me that your husband was too lenient with you," Lucy
said. "That will change as of this very moment. I shall beat you hard and long
at the slightest infraction of your marital duties. Do you understand me, my
submissive wife?"

Alice trembled with strong emotions and arousal never before experienced. "I...
I am your... submissive wife and I... I will obey you in every way, my husband,"
she stammered.

"Yes, I am now your husband, and I am sure you will please me well in bed," Lucy
said, her pulse racing at the thought of sexually enslaving the pretty blonde in
a sexy husband and wife lesbian relationship. "But first I must teach you a
lesson in fidelity you will never forget. On your hands and knees, bitch!"

CRACK! The belt snapped down harshly straight across Alice's naked ass as she
assumed the position for punishment. CRACK! CRACK!

Alice turned her face to watch Lucy with submissive and desire-filled eyes.
Lucy, her feet planted firmly apart, lustful in the task, her naked breasts
jiggling prettily. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Three searing lashes in rapid succession
as the belt scorched the skin, lingering to hug the soft contours of her
buttocks.

CRACK! Alice's ass bounced in pain, the cheeks joggling redly. CRACK! The next
stroke hissed down and flattened the softly curved flesh. Alice's
perfectly-shaped ass was alight and fully ablaze.

CRACK! CRACK! The scorching pain bit deeply into the blonde's brain with each
stroke of harsh leather. CRACK! Alice began to weep and cry. CRACK! CRACK!
CRACK! Her ass jerked as she hissed her pain through clenched teeth, yet she
strove to raise it even higher in offering to Lucy's cruel lashes.

CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Alice moaned loudly as Lucy lashed down even harder,
making her ass writhe in agony. Six more times she raised her ass in offering,
receiving brutal lashes which brought her nearer and nearer to a dark abyss.
Finally she screamed out in ecstasy, her buttocks writhing and bucking as she
came in a series of orgasms.

Lucy smiled as she watched the blonde's ass writhe in orgasm. Not a single inch
of the perfectly rounded flesh had escaped the kiss of the belt. Not a single
inch of the taut satin skin was not crackling with the hot fire of pain. Though
the belt now lay on the floor, Alice's ravished ass continued to buck and squirm
in its torment.

When Lucy stretched out on the bed, she was aroused to fever pitch. Alice was
sobbing uncontrollably, yet as Alice crawled onto the foot of the bed and
passionately tongued her toes, it was clear to Lucy that the blonde was also
aroused to extreme. "Hurting you and making you cry makes my pussy wet," Lucy
murmured, "and I shall whip you often, my submissive wife. But dry your tears
for it is time for you to make your first supplications to your new husband. I
want your tongue at my dirty asshole. First I want you to go get my dirty
panties."

Alice rose from the bed and picked up Lucy's panties from the floor. Her pulse
raced and she felt her knees go weak as she stared at the heavy brown stains in
the seat of the white panties where they had ridden up between the cheeks of
Lucy's dirty ass. She whimpered and dropped to her knees. Keeping her eyes
locked with Lucy's eyes, she saw the dark-haired woman smile as she sniffed the
heavy brown stains. Whimpering again, Alice extended her tongue and licked the
stains.

"Yes, my dirty, sexy wife," Lucy murmured huskily. "You know what I desire. I am
going to brown your tongue... give you my dirtiest taste in your mouth."

"I...I want it, my husband," Alice said, drying her tears and blowing her nose
on Lucy's panties.

Lucy smiled and turned onto her tummy then knelt up on hands and knees of the
bed, her plump, gorgeous ass raised high. Whimpering her desire, Alice crawled
back onto the bed, kneeling behind Lucy, her face at Lucy's ass. She parted the
cheeks and moved her face between them, inhaling the strong, lewd scent of
Lucy's dirty ass. There were whimpers of sexual arousal and pleasure from both
as Alice extended her tongue and licked and tasted. The tip of her tongue stung
and the taste that filled her mouth was bitter. The extreme dirtiness of the
act, and the strong taboo against it enflamed both of the women's sexual
passions, and Alice quickly overcame all reservations about 'browning her
tongue' in her husband's dirty ass. She whimpered her total surrender as she
stiffened her tongue and probed it inside Lucy's tight anus.

Lucy's sole source of sexual pleasure had been solitary masturbation since her
husband was sent off to war, and she now made up for the deep sexual frustration
she had suffered since his absence. She shamelessly used Alice's mouth and
tongue at her pussy and anus, finding it was much better than anything her
husband had ever given her, and having claimed Alice as her own wife, she was
not about to let her go.

Alice was inspired by Lucy's moans of sexual pleasure and increased her efforts
to please Lucy with her tongue and mouth. After bringing Lucy to several
orgasms, after lapping up and swallowing down the continuously flowing juices, 
Alice came to terms in her own mind that she LIKED the way Lucy was using her.
She LIKED being used in such a dirty way by another woman, and throughout the
long night she whimpered her desire and made vows to please Lucy in any way she
desired. Every time Alice whimpered those vows, Lucy huskily reminded her that
vows made in the heat of sexual passion were often regretted after lust had
cooled down, but that she was going to hold Alice to those vows and dominate her
with a very heavy hand. Alice shivered at the thought, knowing it was exactly
what she wanted and what she needed.

* * * * * * * * * *

Comments or suggestions are welcome. yieldingbutterfly@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





