BDSM Library - The Storyteller




The Storyteller
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A couple read sadistic stories on the Internet and fantasize about them. Then she meets the author.
THE STORYTELLER

                   part  one

    They read his stories on the Net.  Stories of women being bound and
tortured. Stories of women being trained as sex slaves.  They enjoyed them. 
They themselves did not engage in any sexual practices that anyone would
consider abnormal.  They had never even had anal sex.  Indeed, neither of them
had ever even had sex with anyone else. But they would fantasize about the
stories they read, and they found it exciting. They wrote to him personally, to
ask for more stories. An email relationship began.  He even wrote a story
personalized just for them.  They discovered that he lived in the same city as
themselves, and they would fantasize about actually meeting this man. Then one
night they wrote him and asked him if he actually did the things that he wrote
about. He wrote back a short message.
   "Send her to me. I will show you. If you would like to make this reality,
contact me."
They fucked like mad that night, thinking of her going to this man, and having
him do things to her. The next day, a  Saturday,  a new message appeared.
   "Send her to me. Tonight. 8 o'clock She will wear a coat and heels. Nothing
else. She will take a taxi. You will ride with her and deliver her to me,  but
you will take the cab back home. You will await my email that she is on her way
home. This will be Chapter One of my newest story."
  An address was attached.
  They stared at it for a long time.  Finally she spoke.
  " You can't really be seriously considering this" she said.
  " Hey, I think we should do it. If things get too far out just tell him to
stop. I mean, hell, we know where he lives. You don't have to do anything you
don't want to do.  Just find out if he even does those things.  Have him tell
you about the things he does. He's probably some computer geek anyway, you'll
probably scare the shit out of him".
  He was excited.  He took her right there on the living room floor, telling her
that another man was going to see her naked. Telling her how exciting it would
be to read the story that he would write about it.
  Secretly, it excited her too.   But deep in her heart, she knew that this
would be a big mistake.
  There was no stopping his boyish exuberance. He was in her closet, pulling out
things and asking her if she would wear this or that. She now knew for sure that
this actually going to happen.
  She got into the taxi in a daze.  He was babbling about how he'd be waiting in
front of the computer for the message that she was on her way back.  She sat
there in her long, black leather coat and her heels, trembling.  She was
terrified.
  They pulled up to a non-descript house in a housing tract.  He reached across
her and opened the door as the porch light came on.  He kissed her.  She almost
felt like he was pushing her out the door.
    "See you in a couple of hours, hon" he said.
That was it.  As the taxi pulled away, she saw him looking out the back window
to get a glimpse of the man that was now standing on the front porch.  Standing
there with his hand out to take her trembling arm.
  "Don't be afraid my pet, come in, come in".
He was magnificent.  Grey hair, grey beard and eyes that burned right into her
soul.
  Before she could say a word, she was standing in the front room and the door
closed behind her.  The room was lit with candles, and classical music played
softly in the background. A contraption like something she had seen in a gym was
standing just a foot or so away.
  He walked to the front of her and began unbuttoning her coat.
   "No, please..I..I." she started to say.
She received a sharp slap in the face.  She was stunned. She started to speak
again and he slapped her again. Hard.
   "You will shut...the...fuck...up" he said.
As her coat fell away, her knees buckled and he guided her right onto his
whipping bench, as that is what the contraption was that she saw.  He tied her
naked body to it, and proceeded to whip her.  He gagged her and he whipped her.
At some point he untied her and turned her over. She was in shock and was a rag
doll in his hands. He then proceeded to whip her front. Then he fucked her. Her
body that had never even been exposed to another man before, was unceremoniously
fucked.  He fucked her cunt, he pulled out and fucked her ass, he pulled out and
came on her face.  Without a word or a kind touch, he used her.
  She vaguely remembered being shoved into the back of the taxi. She was a
shambles. Her coat was open revealing her body, and she had cum on her face, as
he had forbidden her to wipe it off until after her husband had seen it. 
Somewhere along the way the taxi pulled off the road.  The taxi driver fucked
her too.....a quick, frenzied fucking that deposited his load in her womb.
    All she wanted, all she waited for was to get home; to release herself into
her husbands arm. She could cry and they would talk about what a horrible
mistake this all was.
    He was waiting.  He helped her into the house.  He eased her onto the couch
and took her coat off of her.  He was not prepared for what he saw.  Her body
was criss-crossed with welts, front and back, head to toe.  She broke down
sobbing, wanted him to call the police. He sat as if in a trance, rubbing his
fingers on the welts. He got up and returned with a short piece of rope, and
tied her hands behind her.  He licked the dried cum from her face. Then he
fucked her.  Fucked her with a cock so hard she thought he thrust a steel rod up
in her.  Her welted, burning thighs screamed at the friction of his rutting.
   When he pulled out he fell to his knees and put his mouth on her cunt.  He
sucked the sperm from her cunt.  His and the two men before him.  He licked and
sucked on her asshole, as if to pull  more male sperm from her there.
    She could not move.  He helped her up and guided her across the room...not
to the bathroom though, he guided her to the computer..  On the screen was a
message. She had to focus to see the words, but her husband read it aloud.
   " She is on her way home. She did well.  I hope you enjoy the artwork on her
body.  I created it with my crop and my whip.  I fucked her. Everywhere.  She is
a slut.  She is my slut. You may use her.  You may suck the cum from her holes,
you may lick the cum from her face, but she now belongs to me.  I will want her
again on Tues night."




          part two



   She knew that life had changed forever.  She also could not believe the
change in her husband.  He took great delight in talking about how she had been
whipped and fucked, and he made her re-tell the tale over and over.  He told her
that he would save her ass for her new Master, that He would be pleased to have
the exclusive right to use her there.  He would get very excited and undress
her, running his hands over her now-fading welts, and he would fuck her on the
spot, hard and fast.
  When Tues. evening came, she wanted to tell him that she did not want to do
this again.  Instead, he sat her down in front of the computer.  The message was
there.
   "Send the slut to me. She is to come alone, dressed as before.  I am
waiting."
  She started to cry, begging him not to make her go.  He just told her that
there was no way she could consider not going.  Then he went in the bedroom and
returned with her coat and shoes.  She wordlessly began undressing.  The taxi
was already outside.
    He was not alone this time.  She saw another man sitting on a couch at the
end of the dimly lit room.  Her coat was taken from her, and she was made to
bend over the bench.  She was tied.  Weighted clamps were attached to her
nipples, and she could see them dangling down, obscenely stretching her tits
towards the floor.  She was gagged.
   He started with a leather covered paddle, and beat her with it until her ass
and the backs of her thighs were on fire.  Then he moved to her side so he could
slap her dangling tits with his crop. She could hear the weights clang together
as he alternated his strokes.  Then he took a flogger to her back, and she could
feel the welts rising.  She was screaming behind the gag.  She felt the butt
plug expanding her ass and offered no resistance to its intrusion. 
    The gag and the clamps were removed.  The other man was in front of her
face, his cock erect, and he told her to suck.  The Master was working his cock
into her from behind. They began to fuck her, one fucking her face the other her
cunt, until they both came.  As she lay there, cum oozing from her slit and
dripping from her chin, she was vaguely aware of flashbulbs going off. 
   She was untied, and moved into an upright sitting position. It was painful to
move with the welts and the plug, but they got her sitting, her ass sticking out
over the edge of the bench.  She was re-tied, knees splayed open, the end of the
plug lewdly protruding from her ass.  She was like a zombie, and was barely
aware of the clippers and the razor that removed her pubic hair. Her head was
tied down to the rack behind her, and she was gagged again.
That's when the other man showed her the contents of the box he was holding. 
Alcohol, needles, a tool like a leather punch,  sets of gold rings. When she
realized they intended to pierce her nipples she tried to scream, and bucked
against her bonds.  The alcohol was already being applied.  Her nipples were
pierced, and the gold rings put thru the newly punched holes.  They weren't
finished however. They pierced her labia and her clit hood and gold rings were
put thru these holes too.  They brought out a mirror and made her look at her
new decorations.  She could not believe she was looking at herself.  Tied up,
legs splayed wide open.  Three gold rings around her shaven sex, and two gold
rings gleaming from her nipples. A plastic plug in her ass. 
     The bench she was tied to was raised until her ass was level with the
Master's now hard cock.  He began to work the front of her with his crop, and
she just helplessly lay there.  She could feel her juices running from her and
dripping on the floor.  He noticed it too, and would stop and fuck her slit with
the handle of the crop, then pull it out and slap her wet cunt with it.  This
was driving her crazy.  She needed to cum, and she hated herself for it, but she
desperately needed to relieve the fire that was burning in her sex.
   The beating stopped. He stood before her, greasing his hard cock.  The other
man was taking pictures again as the plug was slowly removed from her ass.  It
was replaced with the long, greased cock  Once it was in her to the hilt, he
began to slowly fuck her, telling her how happy hubby was going to be with her
new jewlery, then he'd pull on her nipple rings as his balls rubbed against her
burning ass cheeks.  She came, she couldn't help it.  The hard cock up her ass,
her newly exposed clit rubbing against his hairy belly, the whipping, the pain
and humiliation, it all just exploded and she came, her asshole contracting,
milking the cock inside her. He had not cum yet. He reached up and removed her
gag, then made her tell him how much she loved it, made her beg for it as he
continued to fuck her ass.  He finally came and withdrew, and the other man
moved into position. His cock was very thick, and as it stretched her open, she
came again, straining to impale herself deeper onto the cock.  They laughed and
he pulled out of her ass and squirted his cum on her stomach and slit.
   She was aware of them making drinks, taking more pictures and moving about
the room.  She just kept her eyes closed. She knew she had crossed a line, and
there would be no stepping back to the other side.
   She was untied and made to stand in the center of the room, with her hands on
top of her head, legs spread wide.
She was told that the rings were not to come off, ever. He told her that she
would return again on Saturday, and that he might keep her for the weekend.  He
told her that she was his slut and his slave and that Saturday she would be
further decorated. Decorated in such a way that there would be no doubt as to
what she was.  She was told that she was not to wash the cum off of her body,
she could shower only after her husband had licked her clean.  She was only to
get the cum out of her body by having him suck it out.  She was made to say yes,
Master, to all of his demands.
    Her coat and shoes were put on her and he escorted her to the taxi.  He
leaned in and talked to the driver, then stood up and addressed her.
   "You will suck this man off on the way home. To pay for your ride."
And with that she was bundled into the front seat.  The driver was already
getting his cock out, and she layed with her head in his lap, and took him in
her mouth.  He managed to hold off until they got to the front of her house. 
While her husband stood on the front porch, this stranger grabbed her head and
squirted his cum into her sucking mouth. Then he pulled his cock out and wiped
it off on her face and in her hair.
    She was sobbing as her husband ran down to help her into the house.
The message was there, on the screen.He walked her over to it.
        "I have decorated the slut. I hope you like it. She is to return to me
Saturday. She will be further decorated.  Now you need to clean her. End of
Chapter Two."
    When he removed the coat he couldn't believe his eyes.  He stared, 
transfixed, at what he saw.  She stood, silently sobbing, as he fingered the
gold rings and the fresh welts.  Then he began to lick her.




   part three



   The rest of the week was surreal for her.  Her husband took time off from
work.  The rings fascinated him, and he wanted to see them and play with them
constantly.  He made her stay naked, and he would toy with the rings until he
got  excited  and he would fuck her while he pulled on them.  Or make her suck
him off.  That was something they hardly ever did before.  Once the pain of the
rings began to fade, and the welts began to fade, she too was fascinated with
the rings.  She would stand in front of the mirror and stare at them and trace
her fingers around them, and she would get excited. They fucked more in that
week than in any previous six months. They began to fantasize about what he
would do to her on the next visit, and when Saturday came she found herself
actually getting excited at the thoughts of what he might do to her.
  Although she dreaded the whipping she knew she would receive, the thought of
being tied down and helplessly being made to take the whipping gave her a
perverse pleasure, even though the whipping itself did not.  Being made to fuck
strange men excited her also, and having her husband suck the cum from these men
out of her body made her giddy. She was being transformed into a sex slave, and
rather than being appalled at the idea, she began to crave the feelings that her
submission gave her. She wanted to sink down as far as she could, and wallow in
it.
  He sent her an outfit to wear.  More of a toga really.  A beautiful silk thing
that wrapped around the front and tied with a sash.  In the note that came with
it he called it her slut dress.  He told her that when she put this on, she
would be fully aware that she was surrendering herself to him , that her body
was his and her holes would be opened freely to him and to others. Her husband
read the note to her, and helped her put it on.  It was time to go.
  A half an hour later, she was standing in his living room, removing the dress. 
She stood there naked in her high heels, hands on her head.  Again he was not
alone. The same man was there as before, and another man also....a huge,
tattooed man.
   Her wrists were tied behind her back, and she was blindfolded. A soft rope
was being tied around the base of her tits. Tightly, very tightly, and she could
feel them bulging out until they felt like they would burst.  Her wrists were
now tied to her thighs, straight down her sides. Then, unbelievably, she felt
herself being lifted by the rope around her tits, and she cried out.  She was
gagged and the lifting continued.  She was dancing on her toes, trying to
relieve the pressure, when her toes came off the ground. She was literally
hanging by her tits.  She heard him telling her to be as still as possible, and
he was stopping her swinging, until she hung there, motionless, moaning and
pleading behind the gag..  Someone tied her ankles together, and she felt the
first cut of the whip.  The only sounds in the room were the crack of the whip
on soft female flesh, the creaking of the pulley above her head, and the wailing
of the woman behind the gag.  Slowly she swung back and forth as the whipping
continued.  Finally, she was lowered down, having been marked with a dozen fresh
welts.  She was untied, and supported under her arms,  he led her over to
another bench.  Her blindfold was removed, and she saw a huge dildo protruding
up from the bench.  She was made to straddle the bench and squat, slowly
engulfing the plastic cock. When she had it fully inside her, her feet were
lifted off the floor and tied to the legs of the bench.  The cock began to
vibrate.  Her arms were tied to a rope that dangled from the ceiling, and pulled
tight.
    Weighted snaps were hung on her nipple rings. Her labia rings were attached
to small chains, the other ends of which were pulled down and fastened to the
ropes that bound her ankles, pulling her cunt lips open. A collar was fastened
around her neck, and a small chain was snapped to her clit ring and then to the
collar. She began to move against the plastic monster that impaled her.
   The buzzing in front of her caused her to open her eyes, and the huge man was
standing in front of her. Buzzing in his hand was a tattoo gun, and he went to
work on her.  She lost track of how many times she came, the burning of the
tattoo gun and the monster cock in her hole pushing her over the brink again and
again.
   When they were done, she was untied, and lifted off the bench. The chains on
her labia rings were left to dangle against her thighs, and the weights still
hung from her nipple rings.  The mirror was brought before her again.  She could
not believe what they had done to her.
   The word 'slut' was tattooed across one breast in bright red and blue ink. 
'Slave'  was across the other.  Across her stomach were the words 'cum slut' and
under that a picture of an erect cock with cum spurting out the end.
Just above her slit they had tattooed the words 'hubby suck here' with an arrow
pointing to her gaping cunt. She cried as they gave high fives. Then they tied
her down on her stomach and worked on her back. Four of the spurting cocks were
put on her ass, with the heads of the cocks pointed at her asshole. Across the
tops of her ass cheeks were the words 'hubby lunch bucket'.
  When she was untied they fucked her.  The tattoo man laid on his back, and
made her grease up his huge cock, and impale herself in her ass. With her back
to him, he would make her sink down on his cock while he spanked her ass, and
when she had taken the whole thing,  he would lift her feet off the ground and
hold her there, lewdly impaled.  Then he would drop her feet and make her lift
herself all the way off, then reposition the head against her asshole and make
her lower herself again. This time when she was fully impaled, he pulled her
back onto his chest, and Master got between her spread legs and got into her
cunt. The other man fucked her face. When they finished with her, Master put a
butt plug in her ass and told her that they would all come in her ass before she
left, and she would keep it all inside with the plug and take it home to hubby.
   Tattoo man wanted to piss in her mouth, and he did. Made her take his greasy
cock in her mouth and he pissed, holding her nose and making her swallow. She
gagged but kept it down. Then the other two. When they were done, she had so
much fluid in her belly that she looked pregnant.  A ring gag was put in her
mouth so that her mouth was kept open and they could piss in her mouth at any
time.
   They cut off her hair, and shaved her head. 'Cocksucker' was tattooed on the
top of her head. They shaved her eyebrows off.. They took loads of pictures and
emailed some of the better ones to her husband.
  On Sunday morning they all pissed in her again, then took turns fucking her in
the ass.  The plug was put in. Then she was flogged while she cleaned each
filthy cock with her mouth.
  She heard them talking. Tattoo man was saying he knew someone that could
surgically remove her tongue and her teeth, Master was wondering about removing
her arms or legs or both. She was slowly swinging in the center of the room,
hanging by her tits.  She didn't care what they did to her, she was beyond that
now.  She wondered if her husband would like her new tattoos.

                 End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





