BDSM Library - Tennis Whites




Tennis Whites
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Man takes lesbian and her young friend in changing rooms.
TENNIS WHITES
by Major Falconer

  He was invisible. He did not exist in their lives. They did not deliberately
ignore him or insult him but as a person, an individual, he had no identity.
``They`` were the rich people who came to the place were he worked. Their
attitude made him a bitter and angry man; it was the same wherever he went. He
was a drifter and could never settle for more than a few months in a town before
the urge to see what was on the other side of the hill took him away.
  He had been working at the exclusive Tennis Club for two months. He carried
out essential, but minor tasks, around the grounds and clubhouse. The job paid a
pittance but he was allowed to live on the premises as a form of night security.
The job had other benefits, he loved to watch the young girls and women who
played their tennis in traditional `Tennis Whites`, part of the clubs rules
stated white was compulsory, no shorts or lycra at this club!
  He had never been a good sleeper and at night when everyone had gone he would
wander round the club. Possessing a set of master keys no office or room was
closed to him. His favourite place to visit was the Ladies changing room; his
midnight strolls always ended there. The Tennis Club was very safe and
respectable and the lockers were not securely locked; only the little locks on
their doors secured them. He had `obtained` a master key for these lockers and
he would open and browse the contents. Lipsticks, hairbrushes, deodorants and
other feminine items filled the lockers. His favourite items, the ones he
searched for, were items of underwear. All styles of underwear were contained in
these lockers ranging from `big knickers` to skimpy bra and brief sets. He could
not help himself from caressing and sniffing the lingerie, ending his nocturnal
visits with a raging erection and then a satisfying wank. If the respectable
women changing for their tennis knew how much cum he sprayed around they would
be mortified! They would be sitting and changing on benches were he had cum,
their middle class asses sitting on his dried semen.
  During the day, working around the club and grounds, he would look forward
most to watching a young girl, 14, 15 or maybe 16 years old, and her trainer, a
stern looking woman about 28 or 29 years old. The girls` parents had obviously
decided her future career lay in tennis; she was training everyday at the club;
working hard with her trainer to improve her game. The physical contrast between
Pupil and Trainer was striking. The Pupil was about 5` 4``, glorious long, blond
hair that was usually in a ponytail and a pretty elfin face: her young body was
tanned and toned from constant tennis. The sight of her body moving around the
court, her legs displayed in short, white skirts and glimpses of white knickers
revealed as she served and volleyed were a source of voyeuristic pleasure to
him. The Trainer was a tall woman with her short, black hair cut in a `Louise
Brooks` style bob, she had a hard, lean body but with curves in all the right
places. When they were on the court together the Trainer pushed the Pupil hard,
constantly urging the young girl to do better with her volleys and serves.












 One day the Trainer was putting the young girl through a punishing training
session when an incident occurred which he would remember for a long time. The
day was hot and the Pupil's white tennis dress was soaked in sweat and the dress
was clinging to her young body. She was stretching to return a serve when she
slipped and fell, as she rolled on the court her dress rose up around her waist
revealing her white panties. From were he was working he could see right between
her spread legs as she lay on her back, recovering her breath. Her panties were
pulled tight against her young cunt and he swore he could see her little cunt
lips outlined against the cotton; his cock began to stir as he looked on. The
Trainer came running to check on her Pupil, dropping to her knees next to the
girl. As she leaned over the girl her tennis skirt rose revealing her white
briefs, God, he thought, she had a deliciously round, firm ass. The Trainer was
asking if the girl was hurt, checking the young girls legs for strains or
bruises, her hands moving up her legs. As he tried to get his erect cock
comfortable in his shorts he thought the Trainer's hands lingered a little too
long examining the girl's thighs. The young girl was winded nut unhurt and she,
and the Trainer, got up and went to the Changing Rooms. He sat in the hot sun,
his mind racing with thoughts of short skirts, white panties and were he would
like to put hard, erect cock!
  A few days later he heard the Pupil had reached the final of a prestigious
youth tennis tournament; she was expected to win. The final was to be held on a
Sunday at another local tennis club.
  On the Sunday evening of the final he was locking up when the Manager came to
see him, he told him that the girl had lost the final on a tiebreak. The Trainer
was angry and disappointed and had asked if the club could be left open so she,
and her Pupil, could go over what had gone wrong in the final. The club had an
indoor court so after saying goodbye to the Manager he went to prepare the
court. He heard the bell from the front entrance and let in the Trainer and her
pupil; the Trainer looked stern and angry and the Pupil looked upset. The
Trainer brushed past him, dismissing him with a curt nod, the Pupil gave him a
shy look.
  He was definitely not missing an opportunity to watch the Trainer and her
Pupil, he would watch from the shadows. From his vantage point he watched the
pair come out to the court, the girl still in a white tennis dress and the
Trainer in a tight, figure-hugging tracksuit. The young girl started to warm up,
bending and stretching her lovely body. While she was warming up the Trainer was
lecturing, no shouting at the girl, on the mistakes she had made in the final.
The Pupil was soon close to tears while the Trainer was getting more and more
agitated and flushed. Then to his surprise the Trainer grasped the Pupil by the
arm and started pulling her towards the changing rooms; intrigued he decided to
follow. The Ladies Changing Rooms were large and quite plush, there was more
than one entrance and he watched them go in one door; he went in another door a
few minutes later.
 










He had hoped to catch a glimpse of them changing or showering, thinking the
Trainer had changed her mind and decided to go home instead of practising. From
his many nocturnal visits he was intimate with the layout and silently made his
way towards the voices he could hear.
  ``You stupid girl! That final was yours for the taking! I don't think you are
good enough for me to train anymore, I think I will drop you from my team! ` The
Trainer shouted at the girl.
  The girl replied, sobbing ``No Miss! Please don't. I will do better I promise!
`
  ``Umm, maybe I will think about it. Remember our agreement? If I were unhappy
with you and your tennis you would have to do things for me? Private, special
things? `Said the Trainer. He was curious about this last remark as the Trainer
was stroking the girl's blonde hair while asking her these questions.
  ``Yes Miss! Like I did before at your house? That was fun! ` Replied the girl
excitedly.
  ``That's right. If you do everything I tell you I will re-consider my decision
to drop you. But remember this is our little secret, our special training. OK? `
The Trainer said hugging the girl; nothing wrong with a hug except Trainers
hands were caressing the girl in an intimate way, her hands wandering from the
girl's hair down to her bottom. His cock responded to this intimate display
between the older woman and the young girl, he started to slowly stroke his
stiffening cock.
  The Trainer led the girl towards a padded bench and said in a commanding
voice, ``Show me your knickers! ` The girl shyly reached down and lifted her
skirt, revealing her white tennis knickers. From were he was hiding he had a
perfect view of her round, firm ass in her tight knickers. ``Dance for me little
girl`` The Trainer said. He stifled a groan as he watched the Trainer slide a
hand down the front of her tracksuit bottoms. The Pupil started to dance and
twirl around, laughing, unashamedly (and un-knowingly) revealing her hot, young
body to his eager gaze. As the Pupil continued to dance the Trainer started to
slide her tracksuit bottoms off, slowly revealing her skimpy red panties. With
her tracksuit bottoms around her ankles the Trainer sat on the padded bench, she
then took the tracksuit bottoms off and tossed them away. She then spread her
long, firm legs wide; he let out another groan, rubbing the end of his cock. He
moved his position to get a better view as the girl continued to dance around
the room; she looked deliciously innocent and sexy. The Trainer, with her spread
wide, reached down and pulled her panties to one side and started to play with
herself; rubbing her clit and pulling at her pussy lips. He could see her
fingers were soon slick with her pussy juices. From his hiding place he watched
all this with mounting excitement, he had hoped for a voyeuristic thrill as they
changed, but this! He stroked his cock as his mind raced with dark thoughts of
having more than just a wank, he could have them both!
  ``Come here, girl! ` The Trainer commanded, now with three fingers pumping in
and out of her sopping wet cunt.
  ``Yes Miss! ` The girl replied, running to kneel down between the Trainers
wide spread legs. They had obviously done this before as the young girl accepted
the fact that the Trainer was semi-naked and wanking herself silly in front of
her without any fuss or trouble. Still with her red panties pulled to one side
the Trainer pulled her fingers out of her cunt and held them out to her Pupil.
The girl leaned forward and started to suck the fingers dry of cunt juice. The
Trainer pulled her fingers out of the girls' mouth; and pulled the girls head
down between her legs, moaning softly.

  The scene he was watching aroused him even more. The young girl, kneeling
between the Trainers wide spread legs, had her face buried in the Trainers`
cunt. As she leaned forward her white tennis dress ride up her body revealing
her knickers; her tight, little ass made him moan with lust. The Trainer was
pressing the Pupils face deeper, harder into her cunt. The Pupils tongue was
busy in the older woman's pussy, licking and sucking, the Trainer was rapidly
reaching her climax. Her cries, squeals of ecstasy and moans of pleasure, were
rising in volume and then she came with a final long moan. The Pupil tried to
pull away but the Trainer held her tight into her cunt, her little face was
bathed in cunt juices as the Trainer climaxed
  This drove him over the edge, his cock now a rod of iron, he stepped into the
light. The Trainer and her Pupil were not aware of his presence until he was
standing over them. As the Trainer recovered from her massive orgasm she opened
her eyes and became aware of him. With a cry of alarm she tried to stand up, the
young girl was pushed away. The girl, her pretty face slick with cunt juices,
squealed with fright at the sight of the man. The Trainer stood between the girl
and the man; his intention, his obviously hard cock were all to clear to her.
  ``Get out of here! How dare you come in here! I will report you for this! `
The Trainer said.
  ``Report me? ` He laughed, `With the pictures I have of you and your little
friend I think it is me who will be doing the reporting``
  ``Pictures? What pictures? ` She exclaimed, a look of uncertainty, of fear
crossed her face. Oh God, she thought, I will be ruined. The man did not have
any pictures but would she call his bluff before he had a chance to act? His
eyes roamed over her body, his gaze settled on her panties, a damp stain
spreading from her still wet pussy.
  ``Well this time we will forget about your intrusion, now please go now so we
can get dressed and leave`` Said the Trainer. The girl's eyes were wide with
fright, and also curiousity, at the scene unfolding before her.
  ``Dressed? I think not. Now I will take control of this situation or the
pictures will be on the Managers desk first thing in the morning. If you are a
good little dyke what has happened, and will happen, will remain within these
four walls. OK? He calmly stated.
  ``Let the girl go, she should not be involved with this, I will do what you
want, ` Said the Trainer, revulsion in her voice and on her face.
  ``Oh no, she can stay and watch. You have taught her some nice tricks but now
you can show her some new, more heterosexual shall we say, ways of giving
pleasure. Come here! ` He commanded. With a despairing look over shoulder at her
Pupil the Trainer moved to stand defiantly before the man.
  ``Do you like young girls licking your cunt? ` As he asked this question he
reached out and placed his hand on her breast, caressing and squeezing. She
flinched away, stepping back, ``No! Come here! ` He demanded, ``or shall I
introduce myself to your friend? `
   The girl watched, in fascinated horror, the scene before her; the proud,
strong woman she took as her role-model standing half-naked before this man.
`What was going to happen? ` She thought as her mind raced with all sorts of
terrible fears.
 





``Remove your top. I want to see your tits`` He said smiling, the man was in
control for once in his life and he was revelling in the power he felt over
these two previously un-attainable females. The Trainer pulled the zip down on
her tracksuit top, fear and defiance on her face. She had been with men but had
soon realised her sexual tastes lay else were. She was a good tennis player but
had never broken into the big time; she had retired and found her vocation as a
Trainer. Her growing reputation would be ruined if this came out; she had to
suffer this humiliation to save her career and hopefully save the girl from any
harm. Her hands fell to her side, the tracksuit top hanging open. The man
reached out and pulled the top open, whistling at the sight of matching red bra.
He pushed the tracksuit top off her shoulders and it fell to the floor, the
Trainer shivered as her breasts were revealed.
  ``Take your bra off`` He commanded. As she started to obey the man put one
hand down his shorts to grasp his cock, the Trainer saw her chance. As the bra
was lowered his eyes never left her tits as they were exposed. With the bra
hanging loose in her hand she watched the man reach out to touch her, in that
moment she swung the bra! With all the strength in her tennis arm the bra
whipped across his face. With one hand down his shorts and the other clutching
his face he was defenceless against her next attack. He twisted his body just
enough to avoid a kick to the groin but caught the blow on his hip. Her first
punch hit him on the chin with enough force to rock him backwards, with his hand
now free of his shorts he blocked her second punch; he swung a counter punch but
missed. ``Run! ` She shouted to the girl, snatching a glance over shoulder to
the cowering girl. This was her undoing... She did not see the punch that
connected with her chin; dazed she fell to the floor. The young girl stood up as
if to run but the man took a menacing step toward her, ``Stay were you are! `
She stood transfixed like a rabbit in the headlights of a car.
  Grabbing the Trainer by her ankles he dragged her towards a padded bench, she
struggled ineffectually, still dazed from the punch. ``Right bitch, you had
better behave or else! ` He snarled. All she could respond with was a moan, the
fight knocked out of her.
  ``You! Bring me those robes NOW! ` He shouted to the girl, pointing to a rack
of courtesy robes for the ladies after they had showered. The girl, frightened
by the tone in his voice, ran to obey. She came back with a bundle of robes, he
took four of the robes and removed the tie belts and said to the Trainer, ``Get
up on the bench, NOW! As she got up on the bench she pleaded, ``Let us go
please, Pleasssss``.
  ``Lie down, on your back, quickly! ` He said. She lay down and grasping one of
her wrists he pulled her arm over her head and using one of the belts tied it to
the bench leg; he did the same with the other arm. He moved to the other end of
the bench and asked, ``Have you ever been fucked by a man? ` He gripped her leg
by the ankle and secured it, with another belt, to the bench leg. ``Yes, once``
The Trainer replied. He secured her other leg and stood and stared down at the
woman now tied to the bench by her arms and legs. Rubbing his face were she had
hit him he said, ``Good, almost a virgin. I am going to break you in hard for
this punch``.
 







``Come here and stand next to me`` He said to the girl who had been staring
terrified as he tied her Trainer to the bench. She came to stand next to him,
her eyes downcast; he pulled her to towards him. ``NO! Leave her alone you
bastard! Take me! ` The Trainer pleaded. ``Don't worry, I will`` He laughed``But
first I want some of what this one was giving you earlier. Ever sucked a cock,
little one? `
  ``No`` was all she said in a quiet voice, staring at the floor.
  ``Well, its your lucky day! You've eaten cunt now you can suck cock. Kneel
down over there`` He said pointing to the floor near to her Trainer; with a
pleading look to the Trainer she obeyed. ``Now I'm going to take my cock and put
it in your mouth, just imagine you are sucking your girlfriends clit`` As he
said he took of his shorts and his erect cock sprang into view, ``But my cock is
helluva lot bigger``. The Pupil and Trainer both screamed in unison as he
reached out and gently pulled the girls head forward, his other hand was
grasping his cock. The girls scream was abruptly cut of as his member came into
contact with her lips, ``Open up baby, be a good girl for Daddy, like you were
for Mommy! ` He laughed. The girl's eyes were wide with fright as he pushed his
cock into her mouth. The Trainer was shouting, ``Leave her alone you bastard!
Take me! Fuck me! NO! Don't touch her! NO! `. The man now had both hands
gripping the girl's head and was proceeding to face fuck her. He was gentle at
first, sliding in and out, she gagging and struggling to pull away; looking down
at the Trainer he winked, ``Bet you wish you had a cock so you could do this,
well be patient lady, you will soon have plenty of cock just for you``.
  The Trainer struggled against her bonds, her body twisting and pulling, ``You
bastard! ` She screamed at him.
  Pulling his cock slowly out of the girls mouth he said, ``Did you like the
taste? Better than cunt? `. She replied by coughing and retching.
  ``That was a lovely hors d`ouvre. Now I will sample one of the main courses.
Take off your dress, little girl. Now! ` He commanded. The Pupil looked at her
Trainer despairingly; there was no help there as the Trainer struggled
ineffectually at her bonds. ``Leave me alone, please. Pleassss! ` Begged the
girl.
  ``It will be easier if you take your dress off, I may rip that nice dress if I
have to take it off `` He said with menace. The girl whimpered but proceeded to
un-zip the dress, she pulled the dress over her head and held it in front of her
body, hiding herself.
  ``Give it to me`` He said. She handed him the dress, he tossed it away and
stared at the girl. She stood very still, staring at the floor, her white bra
and panties contrasting sharply with her young, tanned body.
  ``We are going to play a game now. Would you like to play? ` He said putting
an arm around the girls shoulder, she tried to squirm away but her held her
tight. ``I bet you have sat on your friends face and wriggled. Am I right? ` He
smiled. Not raising her eyes from the floor she nodded yes; his hand was
casually cupping and squeezing her breast.
  ``Be a good girl and show me how you do it`` He said pushing the Pupil towards
her Trainer. ``Noooo! Noooo! `` moaned the Trainer, ``Leave us alone! ` With
that last despairing cry she started to sob. The girl stood next to the Trainer
and, with her eyes shut, lifted her leg; she stood there straddling the Trainers
face. The man pushed down gently on her shoulders, forcing her slowly down. The
Trainers sobbing was muffled as the Pupils knicker clad pussy came into contact
with her face.
 



  ``Now isn't that a lovely picture of sisterly love`` He laughed. With her
Pupil sitting squarely on her face the Trainer was effectively blinded and could
see absolutely nothing. `What was the man doing? ` She thought in a panic.
  The Trainer soon found out what the man was up to when she felt a hand gently
caress her leg, then another caress and then again further up her leg. His touch
galvanised her into a renewed attempt to break free, bucking and twisting her
body. All this achieved was to dislodge the Pupil, spilling her onto the floor.
The Trainers body suddenly jerked upwards, she lifted her head and saw the man
pulling at her panties; he literally tore them off her. She let out a despairing
wail, which was abruptly stopped when he balled up her sodden panties and
stuffed them in her screaming mouth; she tasted her own fear and juices.
  ``Come here girl and see how uppity lesbians should be treated`` He said,
beckoning to the girl. She came over and stared in horror at the scene before
her. She saw the man sliding his hand up and down the Trainers inner thigh. She
watched his hand slide along the Trainers thigh and cup her pussy, squeezing
hard. The Trainer arched her back in pain, her pain intensified when he slid
three fingers into her cunt. The man rammed his fingers into her, again and
again, with no let up. The Trainers eyes were wide open with shock and pain as
he continued his invasion of her cunt, her body pummelled by the strong,
forceful rhythm of his, now four, fingers driving into her.
``There, that should have loosened up the tight bitch`` He said pulling his
fingers out of her sore, bruised cunt. ``Do you want to see? ` He asked the
girl, `I'm going to fill her with my cock and cum. Are you looking? `. With that
he lifted his leg over the bench and positioned himself over the tied down body
of the sobbing Trainer. He lowered his ace until he was inches away from her
tear stained face and whispered, ``Are you ready lover? `. The mans cock was
nudging at the entrance to her cunt and with a grunt he pushed further in and
then with a forceful lunge he drove straight in. Holding on to her shoulders he
commenced a steady, battering rhythm as his cock slammed into her. With her legs
and arms tied down she had no defence against his onslaught, her body was
consumed with pain as this rod of flesh crashed into her tender pussy. The man,
his face a grimace of pain and pleasure combined, suddenly pulled out of the
Trainers cunt and moved up her body until his cock was inches from her face.
Grasping his cock he came! Spurt after spurt of cum shot from his jerking cock
and landed squarely on her face. The Trainer shut her eyes as she felt the hot
cum splatter on her face and in her hair. The man slumped forward, spent for the
moment.
 










  The Trainer lay there, the weight of the man heavy on her chest and arms. The
humiliation of her situation, the state she was in was awful, cum was
everywhere. When she realised his intention was to cum on her face she had
squeezed her eyes shut. But with her panties used as a gag she could not close
her mouth and so cum had sprayed on her lips and she could sense it trickling
down into her mouth. She shook her head to dislodge the cum and with horror she
saw some land on her Pupil standing next to her. As the girl recoiled in
revulsion the man reached and grabbed her wrist and pulled her towards him. ``I
think your friend needs cleaning up`` He said. With that he pulled her the girls
hand down and rubbed the cum all over the Trainers face. When the cum was
smeared all over he pulled the panties out of the Trainers mouth and forced the
Pupils hand into the Trainers open mouth The Trainer made a gurgling noise as
her lips closed around the girls fingers and hand, she could not help but taste
the cum. Her scream was muffled by the girl's hand. He let go of the girl's
wrist and climbed of the prone body of the Trainer. The girl pulled her fingers
out and stepped back; holding her hand away from her body in disgust. The
Trainer started to cough and spit the cum out of her mouth. ``UGH! You bastard,
you fucking bastard! UGH! ` She spluttered.
  ``Shut up`` was all he said as he passed by her, walking up to the girl.
Taking her by the arm he started to pull her away, towards the shower room; she
struggled to break free but he was too strong. As they entered the shower room
they heard the Trainer scream and shout, ``Come back! Leave her alone! Don't
touch her you bastard! `. He shut the door quietly behind him cutting of the
screams and shouts, ``That's better, now strip for me please`` He said smiling.
All through the ordeal, which she and the Trainer had endured, she had kept her
underwear on and felt some how safe, now he wanted her naked! She was so
frightened she could not move a muscle. The man advanced towards her, slowly
stroking his cock, still not satisfied after the rape of the Trainer, he now
wanted this girl; the girl backed away, her eyes never leaving his stiffening
cock. As she backed away she found herself in the shower room itself, she jumped
as her back came into contact with the cold tiles, he stood in front of her. He
grabbed her by the arm and led her towards a shower cubicle. The man pushed her
in and turned on the shower, the water was cold and she squealed with the shock.
He adjusted the temperature until it was a comfortable heat and stepped in with
her.
  Even though the water was warm the girl shivered at his touch. The water had
soaked her underwear and he could clearly see her nipples and pussy hair
revealed. He pushed her bra up over her tits and squeezed them, his thumbs
flicking her nipples. ``Please don't! Leave me alone! ` She protested, trying to
pull his hands away. The man tried to kiss her, she turned her head away,
``Don't you want to be nice to me? Fucking little bitch! ` He said angrily; he
grabbed her by the shoulders and spun her around.










 
  With her back to him she turned her head to see what he was doing; what he was
doing was forcing her to her knees. So she knelt there, the water cascading down
on them both, not knowing what was happening, confusion and fear running riot in
her mind. She looked around again and he was kneeling behind her, he pushed on
her shoulders and she fell forwards, the tiled floor hard beneath her. ``Don't
fucking move`` He said. The girl started to sob when she felt his hands tugging
at her soaked panties, he slid them down her legs. The man gripped the girl's
ass and spread her cheeks, his thumbs sliding up and down her pussy slit. The
man pushed her legs apart, exposing her even more, he positioned himself above
her and she felt his hard cock nudge her. The girl could not breath; her body
rigid with fear as this mans cock touched her pussy lips and pushed slowly
inside her, his weight bearing down on her.
The pain was intense as the man forced his cock inside her until he could not go
in any further and then he started to pull out to her relief. But her respite
was short as he slammed his cock back in hard, again and again, her body
battered by the relentless rhythm of his stiff cock. He soon felt his balls
tighten as his climax drew near and with one final brutal lunge he came inside
her, his cum coating her virgin cunt. He lay on top her, breathing heavily, his
weight pressing down her, ``Good girl, good girl`` He repeated over and over,
the water washing down on them both.
  The man rose to his feet and saw the girl curl up in a foetal position and lay
still, `Time to move on` he thought to himself and walked back into the changing
rooms.
The Trainer, still bound to the bench, stared at the ceiling, her face and hair
covered in his cum; she said nothing as he picked his clothing up and dressed.
The man untied her bounds and she slid to the floor, exhausted by the ordeal.
  ``I'm leaving now and I won't be back, thanks for the fun. Look after your
little friend, she's cute`` He said strolling to the door, leaving for the next
town, his next adventure...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Major Falconer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





