BDSM Library - Lesbian Enslavement of a Frustrated Young Wife




Lesbian Enslavement of a Frustrated Young Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sexually frustrated young housewife is seduced by an older woman and becomes a willing and eager love-slave.
Lesbian Enslavement of a Frustrated Young Wife

by Brenda

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

This story is dedicated to Tammy, active member of the Yahoo Forced Feminisation
Club. I have been a member of similar clubs on the Internet and managed to
completely  disrupt three of them before I realized that they were not my cup of
tea. As a dominant  I am too easy, and as a submissive I am very contrary and
always looking for the slightest  weakness so that I can turn the tables. I have
yet to find that which compels my person,  and I wish you luck in what your
person is seeking. Thank you, Tammy,  for your lovely  comments about my
stories. May your dream Goddess frequently haunt your dreams.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *




Lesbian Enslavement of a Frustrated Young Wife

by Brenda


Tammy was not yet twenty and had been married for a year, and the boredom of
being a young wife on her own all day at home was really starting to set in.
Things might have been different if her sex life had been better, but her
husband failed miserably in his lovemaking, and she had to resort to
masturbation for the sexual pleasure and relief she craved. Then Brenda Carter
moved into the apartment across the hall, and with that event, the frustrated
young housewife's life was irrevocably changed.

Out of politeness Tammy invited Brenda into her apartment for a cup of coffee on
the day she moved in. Brenda was a technical writer and worked from home, and
she began to go to Tammy's apartment most days, usually at noon time. Brenda was
a handsome woman of fifty with dark hair and a firm figure, and although she was
five years older than Tammy's mother, she was very pleasant company, and Tammy
liked her and looked forward to her visits.

One afternoon Brenda brought a bottle of sherry with her, and they had two
glasses of that instead of their usual cups of coffee. Not being used to sherry
that early, Tammy got slightly tipsy. As they talked Brenda went to sit on the
arm of Tammy's chair, balancing her rounded ass there and leaning over Tammy
with her fingers idly stroking the nape of Tammy's neck. Pleasant as it was, it
was also a shock. Tammy edged slightly away from her, embarrassed by what Brenda
was doing.

"Please," Tammy said weakly.

"Please, what?" Brenda murmured. "Please stop? Does my touching you like this
make you uncomfortable? I find it hard to resist stroking your soft young skin."
She did not appear put out by Tammy's protest and continued to brush her fingers
lightly over Tammy's neck, chin and cheek. "I'm sure it feels nice to you,
doesn't it? What harm is it doing?"

"I don't know," Tammy said, her voice trembling. "It's nice but should you be
doing that? Why?"

"Because I want to," Brenda said assertively. "I wanted to know if you would
like it too - and you do. A woman like me knows when she's pleasing a very
pretty young woman like yourself. Relax, my dear, you've gone very tense."
Suddenly she leaned across and kissed Tammy's mouth lightly, then with more
ardent pressure, lingering until Tammy turned her face away after returning
Brenda's kiss for one brief moment.

"Don't be silly!" Brenda said sharply. "You were just beginning to enjoy that!"

"I...I wasn't," Tammy said, trying to deny it and also deny the feelings of
excitement stirring in her body. "You're trying to seduce me. You deliberately
brought that drink. You, another woman!"

"And what's so wrong about that?" Brenda said, continuing to stroke Tammy's face
and lips tenderly. "Lesbian sex is the sweetest yet most demanding kind of love,
and definitely the most erotic. Women know each other's bodies so much more
intimately than males. They know what pleases most, what they enjoy best and
where. Exactly where. I'm going to kiss you again."

Brenda turned Tammy's face and lowered her opened mouth over the young wife's,
pushing a warm wet tongue tasting of sweet sherry between her lips. For a long
passionate moment the kiss continued, Tammy's resistance weakening as their
mouths clung together. She felt Brenda's hand undo the top buttons of her dress
and slide down inside her bra to cup a breast. Brenda circled her palm over the
rounded flesh, plucking at the nipple. Tammy held her wrist as their mouths
parted, their breath coming in ragged gasps.

"Please, don't," Tammy managed to say. "What makes you think I want this?
I...I've got a husband...."

"But only three days ago you confessed that he doesn't give the sexual pleasure
you expect and need," Brenda smiled. "A woman like me knows how to use a
frustrated young wife, knows what she needs."

Tammy expected her to start kissing and fondling her again. She had heard about
women who had sex together, and had always been disgusted at the thought of it.
Yet she liked the way Brenda had touched and kissed her. She also liked the
older woman's aggressiveness, and she realized with a start that she wanted
Brenda to seduce her! Instead, Tammy thought she had blown it as Brenda sat back
up on the arm of her chair with a shrug of compliance.

"As you wish, you silly girl," Brenda said easily. "I thought that I might pass
the afternoon naked in bed with you and teaching you, breaking you in to my
kinky lesbian desires and passions. I'd love to teach you how to make me cum.
Perhaps I was too hasty in my seduction. I respect that." Her hand clasped one
of Tammy's, stroking it.

"Let me tell you a story if you feel ashamed because you became aroused. When I
was just about your age I rented a room from a woman in her middle fifties who
was quite handsome and still quite well preserved. Much like myself, now. She
often invited me in to her living room for a glass or two of sherry. She'd tell
me what a pretty girl I was, and would go out of her way to brush herself
against my breasts and squeeze my waist."

Brenda paused to squeeze Tammy's hand and smile at her. "I'd sit in an armchair,
just like you, with herself perched on the arm, like I am. One day she kissed
me, just like this..." Brenda leaned forward to press another kiss on Tammy's
mouth. "Then she caressed one of my breasts, like this..." Tammy's dress was
still undone at the top, and Brenda gently removed Tammy's left breast from her
bra, caressing Tammy's nipple with her fingers for a moment then squeezing it,
applying increasing pressure.

"What did you do?" Tammy asked, quivering with pleasure and blushing crimson as
Brenda's fingers teased and squeezed her stiffened nipple.

"I was shocked, of course, but didn't want to hurt the woman's feelings. Then
she began kissing me, just like a man does, rolling her lips over mine so
eagerly, putting her tongue in my mouth as well and even drooling her saliva
shockingly into my mouth." Brenda suddenly swooped, kissing Tammy and then
tonguing her now responsive mouth. Tammy trembled as the older woman fed her
with her saliva. After a very long moment Brenda finally drew her mouth away
from Tammy's and smiled as the young housewife swallowed her sweet-tasting
saliva. "Like that, Tammy, darling. Exactly like that," Brenda said. "I was
trembling, not knowing how I felt, then she knelt on the floor before me and
pulled up my dress."

Brenda pulled Tammy's dress up as she described it, revealing Tammy's thighs and
white cotton knickers. Brenda's hand cupped Tammy's mound, making her part her
legs as she compressed it in her palm.

"I heard her mumble that I must do it, I must," Brenda continued, slipping to
her knees in front of Tammy and drawing down Tammy's panties. She smiled as the
young wife raised her ass slightly in compliance. "The woman was doing this,
pulling my panties right off. Then she told me she wanted to lick and suck my
pussy until I came in her mouth. She said she wanted to eat my cum."

Here Brenda stopped, her mouth a bare inch from Tammy's tilted cunt which Tammy
expected - wanted - Brenda to start licking and sucking. Peering down Tammy saw
the flat expanse of her belly, her knees spread with Brenda's head between them,
and the raised mound with its thick tuft of pussy-curls. Several women had
described the exquisite pleasure of having their lover's or husband's tongue and
mouth at their cunts, but Tammy's husband had never done that for her and she
was too embarrassed to ask for it. "Go on," Tammy told Brenda hoarsely,
expecting and desperately wanting to be tongued. "You let her," she urged. "You
let her suck your pussy, didn't you?"

"She licked my pussy for a long, exciting moment, but I was so shocked at the
act that I pushed her head away," Brenda said disappointingly. "'No, no, it
isn't right for a woman to do something so indecent like that to another
woman!'" I protested as I grabbed my panties from the floor and fled to my room.
I was in quite a dither, I can tell you."

Tammy resisted pulling Brenda's face to her crotch, waiting for Brenda to finish
her story, desperate now for her to use her tongue to pleasure her aroused
pussy.

"So there I was, alone in my room," Brenda laughed softly. "And all I could
think of was that sexy, wet tongue licking my pussy and making me writhe like a
sex-starved slut, which I never considered I was. 'You fool!' I told myself,
'You were enjoying that, loving it, in fact!'"

Brenda smiled up at Tammy and then extended her long, wet tongue, making Tammy
whimper with pleasure as she licked at the wetness of her cunt. Tammy grabbed at
Brenda's head, trying to draw her face to her cunt but Brenda pulled away and
stood up. She removed the leather belt that she wore with her skirt and folded
it in half.

"I went back down stairs and knocked at her door, and trembling with passion and
need, I told her I wanted her to teach me how to love another woman. She smiled
knowingly and took me into her bedroom and we stripped naked. Then she removed a
leather belt from her bedside table drawer and told me my first lesson was never
to resist her desires. She whipped me, whipped me long and hard, until my back
and ass were raw. She finally dropped the belt, and stretching out on the bed
with her thighs wide apart, she told me my second lesson was pleasuring her with
a very passionate tongue and mouth. My body ached and throbbed, yet I adored her
for the way she brutally whipped me, and I was ready to do anything for her - I
wanted the taste of her pussy and cum in my mouth."

"She was a very demanding mistress, and made me start by licking her feet and
sucking her toes. Several hours later she had thoroughly broken me of all
inhibitions and had me making permanent vows as her love slave. I moved in with
her and she beat me hard and often, but I loved her all the more for it, and was
always proud of the marks of her whippings on my body. She was fifty-eight when
she was killed by a car, but to the night before she died, she was very
demanding on my eager tongue and mouth."

"Please, Brenda! Please!" Tammy whimpered, arching her naked cunt up at her as
she brazenly sprawled in the chair with her legs parted wide. She had never been
as desperate for sex and wanted Brenda to suck her more than she had ever wanted
anything in her life.

"Please, what?" Brenda said, raising the belt and bringing it down cruelly
across Tammy's thigh. Tammy hissed at the agony of the cruel lash and stared
wide-eyed at the weal that immediately rose on her creamy-soft skin. Brenda
raised the belt again, yet Tammy made no move to resist what she knew was
coming, nor did she try to clasp her legs together. "Please, what, Tammy?" she
said, lashing Tammy's other thigh, making Tammy cry out and writhe in agony.

"Please...please teach me how to make love to you..." Tammy whimpered, suddenly
knowing what Brenda wanted.

"Shall I teach you like I was taught? Shall I teach you to become a love slave?
My love slave?"

"Yes! Oh, yes!" Tammy gasped, completely under the older woman's powerful spell.
It was madness, but Tammy didn't care. In their most passionate moments her
husband had never made her feel as aroused, and she wanted more!

"Strip naked, Tammy," Brenda instructed, dropping the belt and unbuttoning her
blouse. When they finally stood naked together any lingering doubts Tammy may
have had vanished as she stared at the older woman's naked body. Brenda's
pear-shaped breasts were firm without a hint of sag, and her creamy-smooth ass
compared favorably with Tammy's own well-cheeked ass. But it was the dark, thick
pubic bush that was Brenda's crowning glory - and Brenda's pussy. Brenda picked
up the belt and Tammy's stiffened clit throbbed, her pulse racing with
excitement at seeing the belt in Brenda's hand. Her clit throbbed again as she
looked at Brenda's pussy. She wanted it - wanted Brenda's belt and her pussy!

"You're frightened but you want what I'm going to give you," Brenda murmured. "I
can see it in your eyes. Just to make sure that there will be no regrets after
the heat of passion has abated, I want you to kneel before me and beg me to whip
you as hard as I can."

Tammy immediately dropped to her knees, and with a voice quivering with passion
and desire, she begged Brenda to whip her and to teach her how to suck pussy.
Smiling with pleasure, Brenda finally told her to rise. She trembled and took
Brenda's hand when offered, letting Brenda lead her into the bedroom.

Under Brenda's soft-toned instructions, Tammy knelt on the bed and gripped the
headboard tightly. Brenda raised the belt and began to whip her, the only sounds
in the room were those of the swishing of the belt through the air, the impact
of leather against naked skin, and Tammy's responding whimpers and sobs as
Brenda beat her methodically, first across her shoulders and back, and then
across her raised ass and thighs. Tammy writhed her ass lasciviously under the
strap, but remained in position without begging for mercy, wanting Brenda and
falling in love with her more deeply with each lash of the belt.

"You take a whipping very well, Tammy," Brenda said, finally dropping the belt
and getting onto the bed with the young blonde. Brenda caressed Tammy's hair,
soothing her as Tammy sobbed against her naked breasts. "No more tears, darling.
It's time for sex. Blow your nose. Clear your nose in my mouth."

Brenda tilted Tammy's face up and lapped at her salty tears, then at the mucus
that streamed from her nose. When Brenda's mouth closed over her nose, Tammy
blew through her nostrils. She clasped her arms around Brenda as Brenda held her
head and sucked at her mucus. Tammy blew her nose several times in Brenda's
mouth, clearing it of mucus. It was the most erotic act she could imagine, and
as she heard Brenda swallow, Tammy knew there wasn't a thing she wouldn't do for
the woman that she was falling head over heels in love with.

Their open mouths fused together in a prolonged kiss as their hands roamed up
and down each other's naked backs and ass. The burning, stinging pain of the
whipping began to turn to a warmth that seemed to go straight to Tammy's pussy,
and she pressed her naked crotch and breasts hard against Brenda's.

"I'm going to be using you as my pussy-slave from now on," Brenda said when the
kiss finally ended. "Suck me my pretty slave. Suck my pussy and eat my cum."

Tammy whimpered her keen desire to comply as she crawled down on the bed and
moved her head between the older woman's widespread thighs. The hot scent of
cunt filled her nose and her swollen clit throbbed passionately as she licked
and tasted Brenda's slick juices. Tammy whimpered her desire again as she
realized this was what she truly wanted, and during the next two hours her mouth
worked diligently at Brenda's constantly running cunt as Brenda thoroughly
slaked her lust, cumming three times in her mouth.

They both napped for an hour or so, Tammy pillowing her face on Brenda's thighs
and inhaling the intoxicating scent of cunt. Upon awakening Brenda began having
sex with her mouth again. Tammy had no idea where this new relationship would
lead to. But she didn't care so long as Brenda gave her plenty of the belt and
pussy. Her clit pulsed with passion as she suddenly thought of a way to prove
her love and slavish devotion to the other woman. "I want to lick your asshole,"
she whimpered. "Please let me do it..."

"Ah, I do believe my pretty pussy-slave is in love," Brenda purred as she drew
her legs back to reveal her hairy cleft and tight anus.

With the exposure of Brenda's anus came a very strong, overpowering scent which
made Tammy whimper and draw her head back.

"I fear that my ass is quite dirty. And I must confess it was by design rather
than accident that I came to visit you with a dirty ass this afternoon, Tammy.
You asked for it my slave, and you shall be granted this very dirty form of
dirty ass worship often from now on. Lick my asshole, slave. Taste it and clean
it. Obey me or I will be forced to make you do so by whipping your breasts and
pussy with the belt."

What the older woman demanded was dirty - nasty to  extreme. And Tammy whimpered
as she realized she had asked Brenda to give that kinky pleasure. But she had
not realized that Brenda's ass would be dirty like this. Yet that strong,
overpowering scent - the scent of shit - was gradually starting to turn her on!
Her clit throbbing with demanding need, Tammy relented. Whimpering her aroused
passions, Tammy moved her head to Brenda's dirty ass and tentatively licked the
woman's tight asshole. Withdrawing her tongue, she tasted Brenda's dirtiness,
surprised that it did not taste as she expected it would. The tip of her tongue
tingled and slightly stinged, and the taste was bitter, yet not unpleasantly so.

Whimpering again, Tammy extended her tongue and began to tongue worship the
older woman's asshole. She sobbed her passion and desire and made vows to Brenda
that she would leave her husband and live with her as her love-slave if allowed
to.

Brenda caressed Tammy's hair as she passionately tongued her asshole, accepting
the young wife as her love-slave and personal property.

The End???

* * * * * * * * * *

Comments or suggestions are welcome. yieldingbutterfly@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





