BDSM Library - Bondage Renewal




Bondage Renewal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My wife had agreed to bondage on an on and off basis, but I had never found the button that would truly turn her on to my hobby.  A few stinging blows to her bottom and I knew that I had found my key.
Bondage Renewal
By the White Knight

I was basically at the point of giving up on making our sexual relationship more
in line with what I would like it to be.  My wife and I had been married ten
years and in that time we had gotten into a pretty healthy cycle of sex... and
every blue moon she would even consent to letting me put her into bondage.  My
wife just isn't the sexy or adventurous type and I had gotten used to that.  I
wasn't happy about it, but I was used to it.

Her idea of good sex, was a forty-five minute romp in bed wearing a T-shirt
(soon discarded) and ending in the standard missionary position.  I'm male and a
male will take it any way that he can get it, but these little love fests did
little to turn me on.  If she were in the mood she might slide on a short
nightgown.   On a very special night she might allow me to take her from the
rear, doggy style.  But, she had strong aversions to both sucking my cock and
letting it go anywhere near her asshole. 

So after ten years and three kids, I had resigned myself to my lot in life.  The
worst of it was that my fantasy was to play the dominant and when it came to sex
this just wasn't the case.   To say that that upset me didn't do justice to the
situation, but as I said, I was resigned to my fate.

My wife calling my name brought me out of my funk.   Asking me if I was coming
to bed.  Putting down the book that I had nominally been reading, I got out of
my comfortable easy chair and stretched.  My six foot four frame made it easy to
touch the ceiling as I straightened.  I lowered my arms and shook my head.  Ah,
well might as well, I thought to myself.  Getting something is always better
than getting nothing!  With that last thought to boost my desire, I climbed the
stairs.

Opening the door I was surprised to find her sitting in the middle of the bed,
wearing a sexy teddy and a smile.  It was peach with white lace and showed off
her very nice figure to its fullest potential.  'I know that you've been
especially considerate these last few weeks, honey', she said to me softly. 
'And I just wanted you to know that I appreciated it.'  She waved her arm
circling the bed, 'Look... no kids!'  This was truly a miracle.  Our middle son
and toddler daughter had been sick of late and for the last two weeks I hadn't
come to bed without a least one of them in it.  At one point I was even driven
to sleep in my sons bunk bed, as both of the children took my place.  Hey, I
wasn't complaining about it.  My wife took care of the kids all night and I got
to sleep.

We hadn't been alone for quite some time now so finding my wife alone in bed was
a very inviting picture.  I closed the door, leaned against it and smiled back
at her.  'Well, thank God that you've come to your senses.  You should realize
that withholding sex from your husband is blatantly immoral and probably grounds
for divorce!', I said all this in a joking manner that she was well accostumend
to.  Playing along with my harangue, she hung her head in shame.  'Tsk. Tsk.
Tsk.', I added.  'You have definitely been a very naughty girl.'

Raising her head her smile knew no bounds.  'Come a little closer and I show you
just how naughty I can be', Ann responded in a sexually charged tone.

For all of my earlier complaining I must admit that my wife Ann at thirty-three
years of age, was still a pleasure to look at.  At five foot five and one
hundred and twenty five pounds, she was in as good shape as when I had married
her.  A recent flare up of a nagging back problem had forced her back into doing
a series of exercises that not only strengthened the back muscles, but also
flattened the tummy.  That combined with the fact that we were going into the
summer months and she was eating more rabbit food to fit into the bathing suit
of choice made her a very tasty morsel indeed.

With her frantic help, I disrobed.  The lights were now off and scented candles
lit.  After a few minutes of truly passionate kissing, we slid into our standard
making love format.  Kiss her lobes, her chest and stroke her mons.  She moans
and caresses my cock in one hand.  But something new enters the arena.  Usually
we don't talk while we are making love.  Just a little bit of the 'yeah like
that' or 'more to the left' type of thing.  But, with her eyes closed she's
saying, 'Oh yes, I was a very naughty girl.' The first time she said this I just
blew it off as her trying to keep the mood going.  Then twice more she used the
word 'naughty' when referring to herself.  Her breathing was extremely heavy and
her moans and movements told me that she would be orgasming in seconds. 
'Please.... Pleeeeaaase', she cried out.  'Make love to me!' 

I could have stopped playing with her clit and dutifully gotten between her
legs, but a mischievous part of me said no.  I began to flick her little love
mound, more and more quickly.  I had made her cum many times this way, but she
much preferred to cum in the 'proper way'.  She started to complain, but had to
give it up as a loud moan escaped her lips.  Her head thrashed from side to side
and her hips bucked as she cried, 'Aiiiiiieeeeee'.  Her wildly orgasming body
was spectacular to watch and I loved every minute of it.  I was amazed at it as
well as fascinated.  That was the most vibrant orgasm that I had seen her have
in... God, I couldn't remember that far back!  I had a vague thought running
through my head... I was pretty sure that I knew what was the key to this savage
sexual response.

Gently caressing her nylon covered chest I whispered into her ear, 'That was
very naughty of you dearest.  Cumming before I do.  You know how that loosens
you up down there and makes it less enjoyable for me.'  She stiffened slightly
at my words and I waited silently for her to give me a piece of her mind.  Ann
remained quiet however, her eyes that up until this point had been closed in
sexual ecstasy opened and looked at me.  I saw no reproach in them so I pressed
forward.  'Yes, very naughty of you and for that you really should be....
punished', I said this in a sexy teasing way.  Again I waited for her to object,
but amazingly she didn't.  All she did was bite a corner of her lip and look at
me expectantly.

Getting up onto my knees on the bed I looked down at her sternly.  'Flip over
onto your stomach and then get up on hands and knees...', I ordered my lovely
wife.  'You know... doggy style.'  Now, I was really pushing her, but by this
point I figured what the heck.  She had to break her silence now and jump all
over me.  This meekness just wasn't her style.  Still biting her lip she flipped
herself over as instructed and assumed the desired position.  The only exception
to this was that she was resting on her elbows, so that her face could lie on a
pillow.  Her eyes closed and her face took on a strained look.  I almost
relented at this point..., but damn I had come so far!

I slowly undid the three snaps that held the nightgowns, now damp, panties
together at the crotch and pushed the offending material out of the way. 
Placing myself between her widely spread knees I began to caress her milky moons
in both of my hands.  'Gracious Ann', I said softly.  'I just can't believe how
bad you can be.'  I played with her pussy, sliding a few fingers between her wet
folds.  She moaned in heat.  'And of course naughty girls must be... punished,'
I told her equally softly.  A soft moaning, 'Yessss' escaped her lips.  That's
was all that I needed.

Smack.  Her ass jiggled to the impact of my hand.  It wasn't a heavy blow, just
enough to sting.  Now the moment of truth was upon us.... 'Owwww', she cried out
as her eyes popped open in surprise.  Undoubtedly she had been expecting me to
take her from the rear and this must have been one hell of a shock.  'What...
what are you doing', she asked in a quavering voice.  Part of me felt like a
cornered animal as she spoke.  She had made it very clear that the one thing
that I definitely could not do on our relationship was hit her.  But just like a
cornered animal, I decided to go down fighting.  'I'm spanking a very naughty
young woman', I said as forcefully as I could muster.  I emphasized  'young'
because I knew that she liked that and I was fighting to stay on top.  'Now be
quiet and accept your punishment.'  Her eyes glared at me and I once again
thought it was all over.  During that long pregnant silence, I wondered how
comfortable the couch would be tonight.

She opened her mouth, but no words came out.  Closing it, she closed her eyes at
the same time and seemed to relax a little.  'I'm sorry', she croaked in a
little soft voice.  Thank God that her eyes were closed, because my jaw dropped
open until it hit the bed.  I cleared my throat and responded, 'As well you
should be, girl.' 

With a little more force this time I gave her another stinging blow to the lower
portion of her right cheek.  'Owwww', she said quietly as I watched her fingers
tightly grip the edges of the pillow that her head rested on.  I had no idea of
what to do now so I just decided to follow my instincts.  I moved to the left so
that my two knees were on either side of her left leg.  This put me in a better
position to give her a good spanking. 

Despite her exercising, time had taken its toll and her ass was a bit better
padded than it perhaps should have been.  No, it wouldn't make a Playboy
centerfold, but I liked it.  I realized that I enjoyed watching her cheeks
ripple to my slaps. Smack.  'Hmmmm', Ann moaned into the pillow. I waited and
watched in amazement as the initial white imprint of my hand turn pink on her
offended rear.  Smack.  'Ohhhhh', she cried softly and bit her lip.  I had aimed
that one for the middle of her crack and part of my stiff fingers had clipped
her pussy in the process.  This seemed to have a strong effect on her.  Ann's
hips began to sway a little from side to side.  SMACK.  'Ooowww....ohhhhh', she
groaned under the blow.  That one was the hardest I had yet thrown and if
anything it just seemed to be making my wife hotter! 

BOING. BOING.  My cock jumped upwards of its own accord.  I had been denying my
own hard on for some time now, not wanting to lose a second of this new
experience, but I realized I could not hold out much longer.   SMACK.  A last
sting blow to her rump and then I leaped back between her legs.  Without a
second of foreplay, I plunged my hardened member into her warm love tunnel. 
'Owwww..... Ohhhh... Oh, God YES', she cried more loudly.  The knuckles on her
hands had turned white as she desperately gripped at the pillow.  Pulling her
hips to me I buried my manhood within her until I could feel my ball sacks
bounce against her heated flesh.   Pushing her away from me and straightening I
pulled out until only my circumcised head remained within her silky folds.  I
loved feeling the tip of my cock push up against her clit as I made love to my
wife.  This position made it very easy to get the most possible time doing just
that.  I quickly began to piston in and out of her with these deep strokes. 
Learning quickly, she began to move her hips against me in time to my thrusts. 
She was moaning more and more loudly.  'Oh God', she cried.  'Give it to me,
Mike.  GIVE IT TO ME HARD!'  With that I came deep within her hot sex, shooting
shot after shot of cum into her womb.  She also cried out and pushing her hips
wildly against mine came for the second time that evening.

I was totally exhausted and totally shocked.  Ann never got this loud.  In fact
she never asked for me to so bluntly to 'Give it to her hard'.  To top it off it
was only very infrequently that she orgasmed twice while we made love.  I could
count the number of times on one hand, that she had done so in the past year! 
God Lord... had I really found the key to my wife of ten years?

After both of our breathings had returned to normal, my wife slowly straightened
up.  She turned, gave me a quick squeeze and headed for the bathroom.  I
followed.  The flap of her teddy fell back over her ass, but it couldn't hide
the pinkish red marks that my hand had left.  We each, respectively, cleaned off
the parts that needed to be cleaned.  I didn't know what to say, so I didn't say
anything.  Ann also remained silent. 

Getting back in bed Ann gave me a quick peck on the lips, and said, 'Good
night.'  She turned her back to me and drifted off to sleep.  I turned my  back
to hers so that we were butt to butt and tried to follow her lead, but sleep
would not come so easily.  What had I done?  What did this all mean?  Pushing
all of these Pandora's box type questions aside, I just thought back on the
evening and relived it.  A smile spread across my face, as I relaxed and sleep
finally over took me.

As was normal, I was up well before my wife to go to work.  I gave her sleeping
form a peck on the cheek before I left for work.  The day went by quickly and it
wasn't until 5:30pm that I noticed that Ann hadn't called me.  She always called
me at least once a day.  I called the house but only got the answering machine. 
Heck, it was Wednesday.  Half price Happy Meals night at McDonalds.  I'll catch
her when I got home.

Dinner was just being put on the table as I walked in and the kids were all
upstairs.  Both of these things were out of the ordinary.  Half of the time on
Wednesday, I was left to fend for myself.  Even when there was food waiting for
me, I usually had to fight through my throng of young until I could get to it. 
Ann finished putting everything out, then said that she was off to get the kids
to sleep.  You know the routine.  Put everyone in the appropriate bed, read a
story and say prayers.  She also said she was tired and going to sleep after
that.  Now if she had said she was tired with a smile, I would have known that
everything was all right and last night was as much fun for her as it had been
for me.  But her eyes never seemed to meet mine and her face was devoid of all
emotion.  Great.  Things did not look good.

I ate my dinner and thought about what I should do.  If she's angry, I knew that
I should let her cool down.  If she's happy I should get up there as soon as
possible and work towards a repeat performance.  Unfortunately she didn't seem
to be either.  She seemed sort of numb.  Zombie-ish.

Not knowing what to do, I did nothing.  I emptied my mind by playing a mindless
shoot 'em up on the computer.  When I heard that everything was quiet upstairs,
that is to say that all of the kids were finally asleep, I went up to our room. 

Opening the door I found my wife lying in bed in one of her normal T-shirt
nighties, reading a mystery.  'Couldn't sleep', I asked her quietly as I sat
down on the bed.  She shook her head 'no'.  I could see that she was biting her
lip and that tears were forming in her eyes.  I opened my arms to her and
dropping the book she dove into them.  'There, there', I comforted her as I ran
my fingers through her long curly hair.  'Whatever it is, it's OK', I assured
her.  The tears burst like they had been held back behind a damn.  She cried in
huge sobs against my shoulders.  I hadn't seen her this upset for ages and I
could literally feel her tears soaking through my Oxford-cut shirt and T-shirt!

'What's wrong, baby?', I asked her softly.  She pushed me away from her as she
held onto my shoulders.  'What's wrong?', she sputtered through the tears.  'I
let.... I let you spank me last night.'  She looked down at the bed, not being
able to hold eye contact as she finished her declaration.  Sniffing back more
tears, Ann said in a whispering, 'You must think that I'm some kind of freak.'

I began to laugh and then quickly changed my mind.  Laugher now might just throw
her over the edge and we would lose whatever ground we had gained.  Covering my
gaff with a forced cough, I cleared my throat.  'Darling, there is no way that I
would ever think of you in those terms', I shook her shoulders a little as I
spoke.  Then I pulled her towards me, into my chest.  'Baby', I continued
softly.  'I like you to wear four-inch heels and corsets for me.  Heck, you know
I'm into bondage and will tie you up at every opportunity.... If anyone is a
freak in this relationship it has got to be me!'  She gave a little laugh at
this and her tears all but subsided.   'Well, you definitely aren't normal', she
agreed with me as she gave another small laugh.

We were turning that emotional corner.  I could feel it.  All I had to do was
keep calm and get her by this chasm that her psyche faced.  'That right', I
replied heartily. 'I am definitely not normal... and proud of it!'   Putting
gentle fingers below her chin I raised her eyes to mine.  'And you still love
me... don't you?'  Never ask that question to an emotional woman.  She grabbed
me and squeezed me so tightly that I thought that she was going to break
something!  I hadn't been squeezed like that since I asked her to marry me. 
Every once in a blue moon, I do find the right thing to say.  But, now what do I
do?

'OK. Now that were both calm lets talk about it', I said to her quietly.  Her
body tensed and she quickly replied, 'I don't want to talk about it.'  I ran my
fingers calmingly through her hair and said, 'Come on, baby'.  This time she
spoke even more forcefully, 'I don't want to talk about it.'
Damn, I thought if I let this go now it will never happen again.  Sex will go
back to humdrum, with a little spice thrown in at odd moments.  Damn, damn,
damn.  She liked it!  I finally found something, sexually outside of the norms
that she liked.  I couldn't let it just slip by!

'OK.  How about I talk and you listen if you want to answer any questions I pose
feel free.  But, in my heart honey I think its best for both of us if you open
up about this,' I told her softly.  She didn't say yes, but then again she
didn't say no.  I plunged onwards.

'Did your father spank you when you were a child?', I asked softly.  I knew her
father well.  He was a stern man, but definitely not one prone to violence. 
Besides Ann was the apple of his eye I truly couldn't imagine him doing this to
Ann, but I had to start somewhere.  'Yeah, right', she scoffed at my amateur
psychology.  Strike one.  'Did he spank any of your other siblings?', I
continued my pursuit.  In a low voice she answered, 'Yes.'  A HIT.  'Which of
them did he spank', I asked softly.  A long moment passed.  'All of them', she
replied equally softly.  'But especially Kathy and Danny.'  Her elder sister and
youngest brother.  This made sense.  Kathy had started getting a little wild as
she hit her teen years and Danny was always getting into trouble looking for
attention.  But it was the way that she said Kathy that I focused in on.  It was
like she spit the word out.  I knew she had a pretty good relationship with her
sister so I didn't understand this part. 

'Tell me about your Dad spanking them.  Let's start with Kathy', I said.  More
silence followed then her soft voice floated up from my chest.  'He would come
into our room and turn on the lights.  It would usually be after dark as Dad
usually worked pretty late.  He would have Kathy stand up next to her bed and
then he would sit down.  She would have to lower her own panties and then lay
across his lap.   Raising her nightdress he would spank her on her bottom.'  She
paused.  'There wasn't anything sexual in it', she assured me.  'He just
punished her till she cried.  Then she would pull up her panties and while she
was still crying he would comfort her.  He would tell her that she was a good
girl.  That he was sorry that he had to punish her.  You did a naughty thing,
but you are a good girl and don't forget that.  The entire time he was talking
to her he would be hugging her and patting her back...'  Her voice trailed off
into silence.

'Your dad never spanked you though?', I stated this with a hint of a question. 
She snorted again.  'No', she said softly.  'I always wanted to be good for him. 
So he never had a reason to spank me.'  I thought about this.  It was becoming
pretty obvious that this all stemmed from some type of closeness she perceived
her sister having with her father that she never had been able to achieve.  Now,
how do I tell her this without turning her off?  'That must have been hard for
you', I said.  'What do you mean', she asked.  'The dilemma that you faced.  Be
good to make your Dad happy or be bad so that you can share his tender
healing... after he had spanked you.'  Ann gasped in a breath of air.  'My God,
that's right.  I remember one time planning to get into trouble just so that I
would be punished... but, I chickened out.  I cried myself to sleep that night.' 
Again the tears came cascading down upon my chest.

'A fine pair we make', I said over her sobbing.  'My over bearing mother drives
me into wanting to have control over women through bondage.  At the same time
your father leads you into seeking punishment as a way to feel closer to a man. 
I'm sure that neither one of them planned it that way, it just sort of
happened.'  It was a lame ending, but I was going through some soul searching at
the same time, so it was the best I could do.

I laughed at myself.  'Of course I can't even get that right', I said to the
room at large.  Ann, who had been lost in her own thoughts, stirred and asked,
'Get what right?'  Now it was my turn to look down at the bed.  'I've never
managed to take control in the sexual part of our relationship', I answered
dejectedly.  She looked up at me incredulously.  'What are you talking about?  I
let you tie me up!  I dress in clothes fit only for a hooker, not to mention the
shoes and slippers that I've bought to please you.  Where do you get off saying
that you don't control this relationship!', she replied angrily.  She looked at
me with fire in her eyes.  I knew that she had come a long way since we had
started going out.  The thought of dressing in sexy (Frederick's of Hollywood
sexy, not Victoria's Secret sexy) was repellent to her.  She would rather be
bare foot than wear shoes, especially high heels!  And as far as bondage went,
if it wasn't as important as it was to me, it would just never happen.  I felt
my top position slipping away, so I strove to fight back.  'Ninety percent of
the time when we make love we do it your way', I cried back angrily.  'You wear
what you want, we do it in the way you want and in the position you like!'  Ann
was not to be put off so easily though and was quick to come back, 'And the
other ten percent of the time we make love I'm reduced to being you're... you're
love slave!', she shot back at me.  'Well try making love to a person and always
having to be careful to touch the right places at the right time so that you
don't make the other person ticklish and lose the mood!  Oh, no, not so rough or
oh, no, that's to soft it tickles!'  All of my pent up anger that I had let burn
within me came forth.

Ann folded her arms in front of her and stewed.  I followed suit and did the
same thing.  We sat that way for what felt like hours, but was probably only
five minutes.  Then another first happened.  'I'm sorry', she said softly as the
tears started again.  Great Caesar's ghost, I sighed to myself.  I took her back
into my arms and held her tight once more.  'Damn, hon.', I told her.  'It
should be me that's sorry.  You are only being who you are... I'm the one asking
you to change to fit into my fantasies.'  She was quiet for a moment and then
she laughed.  'That's true', she said with a little girl voice as she hit me
lightly.  'It's all your fault.'  That's a joke we've shared since we were
married.  Somehow, no matter what, it's always the husband's fault.  'But,
turning that logic around... I'm also making you fit into my quote normal
unquote world.  As you say, you are who you are and I married you faults and
all.'  She paused thinking, then added in a wry tone, 'At least you build you're
fantasies around me.  Look what happened to Emily.  I don't think her husband
was working her into his fantasies.'  The reference was to a recently divorced
woman that we both knew.  A pretty darn good-looking woman, but her husbands
wandering eye ended that family.  Not to mentioned leaving a pretty little girl,
my son's age, between split parents.

'Look', I said softly.  'This all came about because I spanked you last night.' 
She didn't reply or comment.  'All I want to do is make sure that before we go
to bed for the night that we both love each other and everything is OK.'  I
looked down into her dark brown eyes.  They seemed to bore into me looking for
answers to questions I hadn't even thought of yet.  I went with what I knew. 
'The bottom line is that I love you', I told her gently as I hugged her tight. 
She hugged me back and said, 'I love you to.'  After a few seconds she
continued, 'But, we had better get some sleep. Its getting awfully late.'

I looked at the clock and couldn't believe that it was half-past twelve.  We had
been talking for almost two hours!  'OK', I responded half-heartedly, not
wanting to lose the mood.  'Are you sure that you don't want to talk about it
any more.'  She smiled at me and pulled herself under the covers.  'Actually, I
have more than enough to think about already!'  Her face froze for a second as
she realized that she might be taking charge like I had accused her of. 
'Unless... you really want to keep talking about it that is.'   She offered me
the olive branch.  'Thanks, honey', I replied happily.  'That's OK, will talk
more tomorrow.  But, I really appreciate your asking.'  She smiled as she laid
her head upon the pillow and began to drift off to sleep.

I brushed my teeth, took off my clothes and slid into bed next to Ann.  She
reached over and snuggled up to me.  We exchanged our normal, 'we are not going
to have sex, but we love each other' kiss.  Then she closed her eyes once more
to sleep.  I ran my fingers through her hair in a lazy motion.  One question
burned in my mind.  I didn't want to ask it.  I didn't want to spoil, what we
had gained.  But I'm more curious than a cat...  'Annie', I asked softly.  She
didn't respond, but she shifted a little.  'Annie, did you like it?'  Silence
followed. I figured that she must have fallen asleep.  Knowing my wife it was
possible.  She could fall asleep at the drop of a hat.

'Yes', she whispered quietly.  She hit me playfully on the chest.  'Now, go to
sleep will talk more about it tomorrow.'


The next day went as quickly as the last at work.  This time however she did
call me.  We talked about the kids and other non-controversial topics.  Coming
home was much the same as any other night.  Kids clamoring, dishes to wash,
children to be put to bed... the entire normal ruckus that goes along with a
family.  Ann kissed me as I came in the door, so I knew that everything was all
right.

When they were finally upstairs and in bed I tried to start up the conversation. 
'Hush', Ann said to me with a soft smile.  'Wait till the kids are all asleep
and than will talk... in our bedroom', she gave me a wink and a peck on the
cheek.  I made a grab for her, but she eluded my soapy hands and returned to
clearing the pots, pans and dishes.  I went back to washing and prayed for the
sandman to come to my house!

We sat through a totally innocuous television show, waiting for the last noise
form upstairs to end.  I refused to go sit at the computer.  If I did that it
was like giving Ann a 'get out of conversation free card' and I wasn't about to
do that.  I would talk about just about anything with her as long as it involved
sex.  Hell, I would talk to her about sex all night long, if she would listen.
From her point of view I could understand her reluctance to talk about it.  She
liked the status quo and every time we talked sex I was looking for changes...
or as a led into me setting up a time for a bondage session.  Now, we had one
heck of an interesting topic to discuss and I couldn't wait for the discussion
to begin.

The next thing I knew, Ann was standing before the TV, turning it off.  She held
out a hand to me.  'Come on, let's go upstairs'.  We walked upstairs
hand-in-hand and went into the bedroom and closed the door. 

She sat down on the bed and patted the comforter next to her.  I sat down
silently.  'Mike this is really hard for me to talk about.  You know, what
happened on Sunday night.  I've been thinking about all of this quite a lot...',
she said quietly.  'And... damn I don't think I can do this!'  She looked down
at the floor and a tear formed in the corner of her eye.  'Annie', I said to her
softly.  'I've told you things that I have never told anyone else.  Please
believe me, you can tell me anything.'

Taking a deep breath she raised her eyes and met mine.  Starting just were she
had left off she continued in a soft but steady voice, 'And...and the end result
is I want to have you to... to spank me again.'   I knew she wanted me to speak
up and agree with her, but I had to let her get it all out.  She had to do this
by herself.  Tears began to form in here eyes.  'I don't even understand why I
want to do this.  It just that that one time opened up a lot of feelings in me
that I didn't even know existed.... and I sort of have to find out if I feel the
same way the second time.'  She finished her statement with a sigh, saying in
effect, thank God that's over.

I was truly surprised by this.  I had fully expected Ann to totally repress the
whole event.  She is just not the type to have fantasies like this.  I had
hoped... good God, I had prayed that this would be the case, but now that it was
happening I still found it difficult to believe.  Taking a deep breath to steady
myself I answered,  'OK, And just how do you want to go about doing IT?'

'Oh no, your the creative partner in our marriage,' Ann responded quickly. 
'You'll have to tell me what I should do, oh masterful one.'  She gave a wry
smile at this last comment.  Playing on the fact that I liked her to call me
'master' during our bondage encounters.

That one threw me for a loop.  OK.  OK. I said to myself.  I've got to think
fast.  I stood up and started to pace in front of the bed.  Ann smiled for the
first time that night, obviously amused at my consternation.  I smirked at her
and then snapped my fingers!

'Stand up, young lady',  I commanded her in a stern and steely voice.  My wife
had gotten comfortable and was leaning back on both elbows.  Her face clearly
showed her shock at the unanticipated command.  Slowly she responded.  It was as
if she was fighting herself the whole way to her feet.  I sat down on the bed
and smoothed out my pants.  This little bit of theatrics made it very clear to
her where she was going to spend the next few minutes.  'Remove your panties', I
ordered. 

Ann wore a long denim dress  that dropped to mid-calf.  It had buttons down the
front so that she could open it up to the level that suited her mood.  This gave
the skirt quite a bit of flexibility.  Today, only a few bottons were open at
the bottom, so she proceeded to open a few more to gain easier access to her
underwear.  Finished with this she looked in to my eyes, perhaps searching for a
reprieve.  'Hurry up girl or I will have to increase your punishment!', I barked
at her.  She jumped at my statement, but then quickly complied.  'Pull your
skirt up about your waist and hold it there', I ordered sternly.  As directed
she pulled the long skirt upwards, bunching the denim about her waist.  Standing
there with her skirt at her waist and her beige panties strung tightly above her
knees, made her look extremely vulnerable.  I gulped and worked hard to keep
this all business like.  'Lay down across my lap, but with your torso lying on
the bed.  And don't forget to keep the skirt up!'

I couldn't tell if she was enjoying this or not.  The expression on her face was
totally blank. Ann slid obediently into position.  Some of the squirming that
she did to get there made me wonder, though.  If she was trying to get a rise
out of me she had certainly succeeded.  So there I sat with my lovely wife's
bare butt resting in my lap.  I wanted to break character so badly.  I didn't
want to play her father spanking a little girl.  If she wanted to be spanked, I
wanted to play her loving master giving her the satisfaction that she desired! 
I tried to get back into my role... but, I found that I couldn't.  This was
something sexual we were talking about here and involving her 'father' even as
an image was just... wrong.  I'll admit that I am kinky, but that was just
totally outside of my bounds.

'Ann, honey', I started and then it all flowed out of me.  Everything that I had
been thinking.  Ann let out an exasperated oath and said, 'Mike, I don't know
how much longer I can keep my nerve up to do this and I really don't care about
your motivation... just spank me!'  I was a little put off at first, but then I
smiled.  'My you really are a naughty lass', I said sweetly.  'Talking to your
master that way.  You most certainly will be punished!' 

With that I gave her a solid blow, right at the top of her ass.  SMACK.  Both
cheeks rebounded, sort of like a bowl of flesh colored Jell-O.  'Ooohhh', she
sighed softly.  In this position I could get a lot more force out of my blows
than I had been able to before, but I held back trying to find out her sweet
spot.  SMACK.  Against only the right cheek this time.   'Hmmmmm', Ann moaned. 
My wife's tender rear was already turning pink where my blows had landed. 
Putting more force into the blow I planted it on her left check.  'Ooww', she
groaned as I was rewarded with a little kick of her legs and a twisting of her
rump.  SMACK.  SMACK.  Two quick blows closely together, aimed more towards the
bottom half of her soft crescents.  'Oooowwww', she cried out loudly as her legs
began to scissors and kick at the floor. 

I was pretty sure that I had the force of the blows worked out, but I figured
that it couldn't hurt to make sure.  'Are my blows to hard for you, lover?', I
asked in syrupy soft voice. To my surprise she shook her head in the negative
and replied in a raspy tone, 'No, master.  Maybe just a little harder.... please
master.'  My God, my wife was virtually begging to have me spank her harder! 

Taking advantage of this little breather, I began to rub her heated rear end. 
It looked so inviting lying there, with those bright pink patches against her
milky white tush, that I couldn't keep my hands off of it.  Ann moaned in
pleasure, grinding her sex against my achingly hard member. 

SMACK.  SMACK.  'Oh, Gooodddd',  Ann she cried out.  Without giving her a
breather this time I gave her red rump another pair of hard blows.  That
distinctive sound of flesh meeting flesh was quickly overridden by her cries of
pleasure / pain.  Damn, she was getting loud and to make matters worse she was
kicking her feet against the floor and making even more noise.  In between
series of blows, she continued to moan loudly and kick her feet.  I put my hand
firmly upon her legs and tried to restrain them.  But that extremely annoying
sound of her leather soled flats making contact with the hard wood floor
continued.

'Honey quiet down!' I said to her sternly.  'If you keep this up you'll wake the
children!'  This worked, like a charm and Ann quickly settled down.  Her fingers
dug into the comforter and grabbed at it tightly.   A small-satisfied smile
played at the corner of her lips as she held her eyes tightly closed. 

SMACK.  A particularly hard one this time, straight down.  SMACK. SMACK.  Two
quicker stinging blows on either cheek.  'Oooohhhhh my Lord, yeesssss.....', she
screamed excitedly.  Her hips rotated wildly and her feet pounded heavily
against the floor.  My wife was so out of control that I could barely keep her
from falling off my lap, forget continuing with her spanking.  Lifting her up
bodily I pushed her entirely onto the bed. 

'That's it', I told her.  'Game over.  Baby, you have just got to calm down. 
Your making to much darn noise!'  She rolled onto her side and cried, 'No, no,
no.... you can't stop now.  It was just getting good.'  She looked at me
pitifully, pleadingly.  'Annie', I rejoined softly.  'If our kids weren't such
sound sleepers they would have woken up already.  Besides, the windows are open,
what do you think this sounds like outside?'  That one caught her for a loop,
but still she persisted.  'I promise I'll be quieter.'  Yeah, right I said to
myself.  To her I said gently, 'We tried that already.  I warned you and three
slaps later you were making more noise then before.'  I shook my head.  'I'm
sorry baby, but this isn't working out.  We are just going to have to wait for a
day when we can get the house to ourselves.  Get my parents to watch the kids or
something.' 

Ann had moved into a kneeling position besides me.  Her butt resting just above
her heels.  The skirt lay in disarray about her legs.  She pounded her clenched
fists against her knees.  'No, no, no... It just not fair', she complained
bitterly.  I huffed out a exasperated breath.  'Hah, get used to it babe.  I
have to wait all of the time.  Heck, if I want to have anything beyond the
simplest bondage scene with you, we have to get the kids out of the house.  Do
you think this is any different?'

She looked up at me, as a devilish smile spread across her pretty pink painted
lips.  'You could tie me up', she said in a sexy singsong tone.   With the tip
of her pointer finger she began to trace little sensuous circles upon my chest. 
'You could even gag me... to keep me quiet... master.'  She was pushing all the
right buttons and I was hotter than a match head.  Thinking with my hormones I
was ready to agree like a shot, but using what was left of my brain, I had to
say no.  The same reasoning that I couldn't tie her spread eagle to the bed or
some other such way held true with this situation.  The kids could walk in on
us.  I shook my head in the negative as I struggled to come up with a way to
make this work.  Ann mistook my reluctance for something else and with that sing
song lilt to her voice, strove to sweeten the pot.  'I'll dress for you too....
Any out fit that you want.... Heels...  or slippers.... seamed hose.... How
about my red and black corset?'

That was too much!  If I were a kettle steam would have been coming out of my
ears!  There had to be a way.  There just had too.  Then like a like bulb
turning on, I thought of it.  The attic.  We kept a full sized bed up there for
company and the door locked!  We would be a floor away from prying eyes and if
one of them did wake I could go down and comfort them back to sleep.  It was
perfect.

'OK. OK.  You win', I told my life long companion.  She smiled and put her hand
up in the air for a high five, which I quickly responded to.  'But don't think
your getting off easily', I warned her.  I want everything that you promised...
no, if ends or buts.'  I looked at her sharply.  'Are we agreed?'  She continued
to smile and nodded her head.  I made a come on motion with my hand, signifying
that I wanted more.  At first she didn't understand, then she smiled wider and
said sweetly the words I was waiting to hear, 'Yes, master.'

'I want you in your satin corset, black hose and red slippers.  Fix your make
up, put on a little perfume and then meet me in the attic',  I ordered my, for a
change, enthusiastic wife.  She looked at me questioningly and asked, 'The
attic?'  Patiently I responded, 'We can't do it in here because of the children. 
I could tie you to the rafters in the basement, but I thought that perhaps you
might enjoy the comfort of a bed under you instead.'  Ann caught on quickly and
nodded her head in agreement.  'Oh and by the way, no panties', I added, 'you
won't be needing them.'  With a shooing motion from me, she ran off with a smile
to the bathroom.

Retrieving the sack that I keep my toys in, I headed up to the attic.  My
preparations didn't take very long.  I simply emptied canvas sack onto the low
bureau in the room.  I arranged each of the white nylon ropes in size order, so
that I could easily grab the appropriate one as needed.  I moved the home made
ball gag and sleep mask / blindfold into a small top draw.  I placed one other,
special item, into the same draw.  Being gagged and blindfolded were two things
that were definitively not on Ann's list of turn ons.  Seeing those two items
when walking into the room, despite her earlier assurances, might put her right
out of the mood.  I decided upon the dentist approach... don't show them the
needle until your ready to use it.

Finishing with this in only a matter of minutes.  I found myself nervously
pacing with nothing to do.  This isn't the way that I wanted my lover to find
me.  It was important to me that I look 'in control' and 'calm',  even if my
heart was racing at a hundred miles an hour.  Moving a few bits of flotsam,
leftover from my brother-in-law, off of a padded chair I sat down.  Steadying my
thoughts, I began to plan out each of the phases of the coming event.  In what
position would I bind the gorgeous creature that called herself my wife?  How
would I get her into that pose, in step-by-step detail.  Where should I land my
blows when I spank her?  How hard should I hit her? 

I was lost in this revelry when I heard the door on the floor below open.  Then
I heard the unmistakable click clacking of heels ascending the staircase.   My
seat was situated so that I wouldn't see her until she walked through the door. 
One of Ann's arms snaked around the doorway.  Her fingers found the light switch
and turned off the room's overhead illumination.

Doing a Mae West bump-and-grind movement she glided into view.   Stopping in the
doorway, she posed sexily and asked in a husky voice, 'You wanted to see me...
master?'  God, every time that I saw my wife like this, that is to say dressed
as she was and in this type of mood, I couldn't believe how beautiful she was! 
The only light source was from a naked bulb in the hallway behind her.  This
caused a funky glow to settle around her, which highlighted certain features and
left others in provocative shadow.  She had added one more item to ones that I
had requested she wear.  A sheer black robe, from a peignoir set, which was
virtually transparent.  It of course provided no useful function, but it added a
whole level of magnitude to the sexuality of the outfit.  I absorbed the view
into me, trying to memorize her every nuance.

The lovely maidens' heels rested four inches off the ground, perched upon red
satin covered spikes. Her slippers were further enhanced by a puff of matching
bright red marabou feathers.  Black stockings covered her feet, which were
flexed steeply to accommodate the arch of the sandals sole.  Gleaming black
sheaths flowed up her shapely legs to end in lace tops, mid-way up her thigh. 
One leg was bent outward at the knee, invitingly, leaving no doubt that she was
not wearing any panties.  Healthy hips curved inwards to her still youthful
waist.  The hand that was the mate of the flexed leg, rested on her satin
corseted side.  Her arm bent suggestively at the elbow, while her hand held open
the transparent black negligee. 

Ann's corseted body was an absolute pleasure to behold.  While this was not a
true corset, the satin still melded to her curves like a smooth second skin. 
Bright red front panels, framed a laced black satin psuedo-busk.  Black satin
also covered her side panels and breasts, with just a hint of lace at the top of
each cup.  Her breasts rose and fell beneath their shinny black covering,
betraying her apparent calm.  Soft pink lips smiled at me as her deep brown eyes
glowed with desire.  Beautiful auburn curls cascaded downward, framing her
angelic face and coming to rest upon her milky shoulders.

I'm not sure if she became tired of standing in the same position while I ogled
her assets or simply was nervous herself, but she decide to walk into and about
the small room.  It was fun to watch her ham it up, strutting her stuff and
working hard to control her spindly high heels.  In the corner she stopped to
turn on a small table lamp, then she began her prancing once again. At the
furthest point from me she stopped.  Hands on hips, legs spread she gave me a
sexy wink over a lowered shoulder.  Then she turned and strutted towards me
until she was only inches away, flicking her black robe into my face as she
passed.  Again at the far corner of the room, she called to me, 'I think you'll
like this move... master.'  With that she bent at the waist and clasped both
ankles, smiling at me between her legs.  Oh God, what a beautiful sight!  The
sheer robe acted like a black veil highlighting her wonderful matched set of
milky half globes.  She kept her spread legs straight which formed an inverted V
directing my eyes to her heated sex.   The toes of her sexy sandals were also
spread to either side, giving me a great view of her highly arched feet and
providing her with more stability.

'Oh, yes I do like it very much', I told her truthfully.  'But as much as I
admire you charms, I believe that it is time that I sample some of them.'  I
motioned with one arm towards the bed.  'Please remove your robe, then come over
here and sit down.'  Ann did as instructed, sitting on the edge of the bed with
her hands resting upon her knees.  Her eyes met mine as I walked over to a
position in front of her.  We smiled conspiratorially at each other.  'What
offense am I charged with, for which I am going to be pummeled so... master?'
Ann asked me slyly.  My smile knew no bounds.  'Why simply because you are a
terribly naughty young woman in desperate need.... of chastisement!'  My lovely
wife smiled back infectiously and replied, 'Tsk. Tsk. Tsk.  Naughty me.  But I
do so ever NEED YOU.... master!'

She held her arms out towards me, looking for some hugs and kisses.  But now was
not the time for that.  'Perfect', I cried.  Reaching around behind me I grabbed
two of the cords.  'Just hold your arms out like that while I secure these ropes
to your wrists.'  The unexpectedness of my action took her slightly by surprise,
but she stoically did as directed.  I looped the rope expertly around her left
wrist, forming a cuff of spiraling white nylon around her delicate appendage. 
When I was finished I let the remaining length of rope simply dangle below her
wrist until it reached the floor.  Her right wrist was done in exactly the same
way, again leaving about four feet of rope to hang downward.  It was a really an
awesome site watching her sitting there, with both of her wrists incased in the
tight nylon cuffs which would soon be used to bind her helplessly to the bed. 

'You can put your arms down now', I informed my soon to be captive.  Retrieving
two more of the cords I knelt down in front of her and proceeded to apply
similar bindings to her ankles.  The bright white rope formed a beautiful
contrast against her silky black stockings.  The spirals dug gently into the
soft flesh, leaving visible indentations.  In minutes I had completed my task
and stood up to look over my work.

Ann had a blank look on her face, until she realized that I was looking at her. 
Then she smiled reassuringly as she shrugged her shoulders.  Without words
conveying to me, 'I don't know what your doing, but I trust you.'  With this
encouragement it seemed like as good a time as any to go on with the next step. 
Reaching into the top draw of the bureau I removed the gag.  Ann's lips hardened
into a single line and I could tell she wasn't thrilled.  'That's a different
ball from the last time you gagged me?' She stated with a questioning tone.  It
was a homemade affair.  A simple children's hard rubber ball with a hole drilled
through it.  Through the hole was threaded a half inch thick piece of double
weight black satin.  Since the last ball had been greenish blue it didn't take a
whole lot of deductive reasoning to notice the difference. 

'I realize that it's been a long time, since our last bondage encounter', I
began.  I couldn't help but add the little jab about how long it had been.  'But
if you remember correctly that ball was just a tad too small and didn't really
fit properly in your mouth.  This one is slightly larger and I believe that it
will rectify that situation.'  She continued to give the ball a malevolent gaze. 
As far as she was concerned it was a necessary evil that she must contend with. 
Striving to make the situation a little less tense, I dropped the gag into her
lap.  Her mouth gaped open as she looked down at the intruding item.  She let it
sit there for a long minute, then finally picked it up in both hands and held it
up to me.  'What do you want me to do with this?', she asked me dumbfounded 
(read 'You don't actually expect me to put this on myself'). 

I had to smile.  She made such a pretty picture sitting there on the bed in her
sexy costume, holding the ball gag by its satin straps.  The satin cords were
stretched between her grasping fingers, as thick white nylon ropes dangled from
her wrists.  'I thought that it might be a little easier for you if you put it
on yourself.  I was hoping that it would make the process a little less
repugnant to you.'  Ann studied the ball intently.  Her face lost its blank 'I
don't like this look' and took on a more relaxed visage.   Again she shrugged
her shoulders, then brought the ball to her lips.  Looking mischievously over
the hard rubber, up into my eyes, she gave the ball a sexy kiss.  'I just want
you to remember what you will be missing... master', she told me coyly.  With
that she opened her mouth widely and pulled in the ball.  It quickly became
lodged between her two sets of pearly whites.  Stretching wider and pulling
harder she still wasn't able to get it all of the way in. 

'Arrrrhhhh, Arrrrhhhh', she complained to me with angry eyes as she shook the
gags satin cords.  'Use the tips of your fingers and PUSH the ball into your
mouth', I calmly advised her.  Slightly mollified by my words, she dropped the
straps and did as instructed.  The ball that had been held tightly, now popped
behind her teeth sliding snuggly into place.  Her warm pink lips surrounded the
bright yellow ball.  'Oooohhh... oooohhh', she mumbled through her gag as she
shook her head contently.   Flipping her hair out the way, as only a woman can
do, she tied the satin straps behind her head.   These soft satin cords dug
deeply into the corners of her mouth, proving that she had not slacked in her
tying.  When she was finished, she raised her hands palm up in front of her
inferring what's next?

I took one of the longer pieces of rope from the bureau and folded it in half. 
'Raise your arms over your head', I ordered calmly.  Her arms went up and I went
to work.  Running the rope over each shoulder and around her back, I formed a
criss-cross pattern about her chest.  The bottom ropes pushed into the base of
her satin-cupped breasts, pressing them slightly upwards.  I added one last turn
of the rope directly across the center of her chest digging deeply into the soft
mounds of her bosom.  The breast bindings were all knotted dead in the center of
her back.  I had extra rope left over, but I just left it there... for the time
being.

'Now please, kneel in the middle of the bed, doggie style', I commanded softly. 
Turning she climbed like a cat onto the white sheeted bed and maneuvered into
the desired position.  'Spread your knees a bit more', I told her.  After she
complied I said, 'Thank you'.  With that I used the rope dragging behind each of
her bound ankles to attach them to the short corner posts at the foot of the
bed.  No great shocker their, but my next command caused her enough concern to
give me a double take.  Placing a pillow just below her face, I ordered, 'Rest
your face on the pillow and put each of your wrists along side its respective
knee.'  Her eyes glared at me as she followed my directions.  Come now, I said
to myself, I can't make it too easy for the dear.  Now can I?  Just as I had
learned long ago in the boy scouts I tied perfect knots attaching each of her
wrists to the fleshy part of her leg just above the knee.  Keeping her ass
raised up like that put quite a bit of strain on her back and pressed her face
into the pillow.  'You may lower you rear... until I tell you to otherwise, my
dear', I informed my wife graciously.  She mumbled some imprecations through her
gag, but fortunately I was not able to make it out.

She watched me intently as I took the rope lying against her back and raised it
towards the ceiling.  'Should be just enough', I said mostly to myself.  I
placed the ends of the rope through a decorative hole in the tall headboard. 
'Raise your rear once again, my dear', I required of my bound lover.  Upon her
completing my command, I took in the slack and tied it off.  This, seemingly
extra tie was essential, as it would provide support to her back and help her
keep her tush in the air.  'Thank you, my dear, you may now rest', I once again
informed her.  'Arrrrrggghhhh, aaarrgh ssssiiisish', she yelled through her very
effective gag as the unrelenting rope about her chest absorbed the weight from
her upper body.  'Sorry about that my dear, but you will need the support when I
start spanking your butt', I told her.  'Besides once I begin to really whack
you I don't want you flailing all over the bed.  Or worse yet, falling off of
it.'  This seemed to slightly mollify her, but I'm sure that she thought that I
was just playing a dirty trick on her.  You see now when she lowered her butt,
her body weight pulled against the rope halter encircling her chest. While not
exactly painful, I am sure it was definitely uncomfortable.
 
Using a long cord I bound one end to her leg just above the knee then stretched
the rope between her spread legs and bound the other leg.  Sliding the rope
under the bed and bring it back up on her right side where I had started, I
fastened the rope to the first binding.  This made it virtually impossible for
her to move her body, with of course the exception of her rear-end.  Oh, and I
intended that part of her anatomy to be moving quite a bit in the very near
future!

Now for the last little pieces of the tableau I was setting out to create. 
Again from the top draw I removed two items, a black sleep mask and an aged
wooden hairbrush.  The mask was a sleep mask from Victoria's Secret.  It was not
the best of blindfold, but as a sleep mask was less onerous to my wife than any
other option it was my blindfold of choice.  The brush resembled a sort of 
miniature paddle sans rounded ends. I had fallen upon this treasure after our
first spanking encounter and couldn't help but add it to my bag of goodies.  
Ann's eyes popped open as she saw these two items.  A whining scream filled the
air as her gag proved its worth.  She began pulling at her bonds, futilely
trying to escape from them.  I tried to calm her down, but rather than being
mollified she raised her head and shook it negatively from side to side. 

'Whoa.  Whoa, baby', I said as I reached behind her head and untied the satin
strap.  Pulling the ball from her mouth, I asked her what her problem was.  'No
one ever said anything about using a hair brush!', she cried out in an angry
frightened tone.  'Your hand, yes', she continued a little more calmly.  'But,
that large wooden brush...',  her body shivered,  'that's looks like it would
really hurt.'

'Baby, to tell you the God's honest truth... spanking your ass hurts my hand,' I
explained to her.  'I'm a finance expert, not a field worker.  The first time
that we tried this it took a part of the fun out of it for me... so I just
thought we could try something else.'  There were tears in her eyes now, part
from frustration and part from fear.  'But your going to hurt me!', my she
wailed.

Sitting on the bed, I cupped her head in my hands and kissed away her tears. 
'Yes, I am going to hurt you', I agreed with her.  'But, I promise you that I
will be very careful and only give you the spanking that you desire.'  Tears
were still in her eyes, but I could see that I was wining her over.  My face
brightened.  'I've got an idea!  How about we leave out the gag for the
beginning of your spanking!  If it's too much for you we can stop right away. 
On the other hand, if you feel OK about it will put back in the gag and complete
your punishment.  How does that sound?'

Her eyes smiled through their watery mist.  'Sounds pretty good to me...
master', Ann responded in a shaky voice.  'Besides I have been terribly naughty. 
You know dressing up like this and letting you tie me up.  Yes, definitely
naughty.'  I stole a desperate kiss from her warm pink lips and answered, 'Well,
we will just have to set about that young lady.  You know I will.'  Rising I
lifted the mask from the bureau and moved towards her.  'Do I have to be
blinded?', she once again whined.  Blindfolds were not in her top list of
desired apparel.  'You are taking advantage of my kindness young lady' I
reproached her.  Bending down I whispered in her ear 'I promise that this will
make it more interesting lover.  Not knowing when or from which direction that I
am going to smack your fine buttocks should prove quite an experience indeed.' 
She nodded agreement.  I raised her head off of the pillow and slid the mask
over her eyes.  The elastic band slid quickly through her curly locks until it
found a tight and secure perch. 

Rising I stood at the left side of the single bed, directly in line with my
loves twin creamy crescents.  I gazed at her supine form drinking in her every
nock and cranny.   My shapely wife was clothed in an exciting red corset outfit,
her legs were graced with gleaming black stockings.  Her feet rested on the bed,
loosely shod in red satin mules.  Wrists were tied to knees and her ankles bound
to the corners of the footboard of the bed.  Her breasts were tightly
constricted in a rope harness, which was attached to the head of the bed.  The
bottom line, no pun intended, was that she was bound helplessly before me with
her bare butt sticking upwards, awaiting any punishment I wished to deal out to
her.

Bending once more I whispered in her ear.  'The first few strokes will be
testing blows'.  Ann jerked, proving that the blindfold was doing its intended
job.  I smiled to myself.  It just doesn't get much better than this!  'Raise
your rump young lady, by your own admission you've been naughty and must
therefore be punished!'  Determinedly her rear rose into position. Her soft
crescents were once again milky white, betraying no hint of our earlier
encounter.

Ann's fleshy moons quivered as she awaited the first strike.  SMACK.  Her face
grimaced in pain, as she audibly expelled air from her nose.  It was my first
time using wood on her rump and I was therefore doubly careful.  The initial
white mark of impact turned into a pink patch dead in the center of her left
cheek.  Her hands, below her tied wrists, clenched into strained fists.  SMACK. 
'Ooooohhhh', Ann moaned softly pulling slightly at her bonds.  I gave her three
more shots and then went fishing for feedback.

Again I whispered in her ear, so as not to damage our role-playing.  'How does
that feel?' I asked in interest.  'OK', she breathed out softly.  I sighed. 
'No, no that's not what I mean', I replied.  'I really want to know how it
feels... to be spanked with this brush.'  Ann's mouth opened in a fish-like 'O'
and she answered, 'Oh. Oh, yes of course.  Well at first its real stingy... you
know it stings... kind of painfully.  Then, after a few seconds the whole area
sort of begins to glow...  like the heat is radiating outward from where the
brush landed.  It all sort of tingles... and... and that tingle goes right to...
my sex.  God I can feel it now... It's really kind of cool... unique even.'  I
looked over my wife's lovely cheeks each with its own pink patch and asked
quietly, 'You mean spanking your butt is actually turning you on?'  I said this
playfully in an incredulous tone of voice.  'Oh, stop it... master', she smiled
and then with a blush that made her cheeks match the color on her ass, she
answered me with a laugh, 'but, yes...  it does!'

'Alright, rest time is over.  Present yourself my young lady', I ordered my
bride.  My fishing expedition for information had paid off.  Obviously, I wasn't
putting enough force into the blows if she was getting all gushy over them. 
SMACK.  'Ooohhh my God, master', she groaned as her butt rocked to the blow. 
'The tip of the brush just clipped my pussy on that one', she shivered out
breathlessly.  'Please be careful... master.'  With her legs spread so widely at
the knees, her pussy made no small target.  It was very easy to catch a piece of
it when I struck at the lower part of her cheeks.   SMACK.  SMACK.  Two more
solid blows fell on the top of each of her cheeks.  'OOOOhhhhhh yeah', she cried
out.  'That was... wonderful', she moaned.  'Maybe just a tiny bit harder...
please master', she begged.  Damn, I had already increased the weight of my
strokes and now she was telling me hit harder!  Wow, of course I love it when
she begs!  My rod hardened further pulling against my boxers.  SMACK. SMACK. 
Two more blows to against the middle of her cheeks.  'Ooooooowwwww, God yes',
she cried out loudly.  SMACK. SMACK.  This time against the fleshy lower part of
her cheeks, purposefully trying to tag just a bit of her mons in each stroke. 
'Aaaiiiiiiieeee', she yelled as her face set into a grimace.  If was amazing to
watch her practice her breathing that we had learned in natural childbirth
classes.  She would take a lot of little breaths and then a big cleansing
breath.  Heck, it had worked during labor, so why not here?  Her reddened rear
was rotating in a circular, up and down fashion as if trying to cool itself off. 
Ann shifted her weight from knee to knee, lifting each leg in turn and pulling
at the bonds binding her to the bed. 

I put down the brush and began to massage her pain filled rump.  'Oooohhhhh,
yes', she moaned.  'God that feels, so good.'  I kneaded her rump.  'Oh,
master', she moaned in pleasure / pain.  'My butt feels like it's on fire.  The
heat tingles so that I think it's almost real.  Like you could cook an egg back
there.'  She stretched against her bonds.  'Uuuummmm', she continued to moan. 
'Touch me master... please touch me.'  I continued to rub her beautiful red
cheeks and they were indeed hot!  When I didn't go near her aching pussy, she
whined again 'Pleeeese master!'  Lightly I brushed the tips of my fingers over
her mound, just barely touching her pubic hair.  I knew this would drive her
crazy.  'Ooooooeeeeeewwwww', she groaned loudly in frustration and anger.

Before she could complain more, I pressed the ball gag up against her
anger-pursed lips.  'Open wide darling', I told her.  'We are going for all of
the marbles now and you know how loud you get!'  I heard her breathe 'damn'
under her breath, but she spread her jaws as directed.  Her sweet sexy lips were
soon once again surrounding the rubber ball.  That yellow globe, encircled by
her widely stretched pink lips was exciting all by itself.  Boing! My cock
snapped to attention, again.  Oh, lord I thought, I had better get some relief
and soon!

'Return your buttocks to its up right position.  Fold away your food tray and
stow any loose luggage', I intoned like a steward on of the all too many flights
I had to take.  Doggedly she raised her pink cheeks into their fully extended
position.  We were ready now.  I now had the feel for the how best to use the
brush and I was confident that I could warm her cheeks appropriately.  SMACK. 
SMACK.  Two blows low on the curve of her left cheek made her whole ass jiggle
with the impact.  Her retracted rump, doggedly raised back into position as she
regained her composure.  This went on for another three or four round of quick
twin blows.  I spread the blows evenly about her rump, making her cheeks glow a
uniform bright red.  Her breathing was now only a raspy sound struggling through
her nose, but her moaning betrayed her excitement.  Those moans were screaming
sexual satisfaction.  They were also getting continually louder, sometimes I was
even sure that she was shrieking into her gag.

'Are you alright honey', I asked giving her time to catch her breath.  I rubbed
her rear feeling its unnatural heat.  She nodded her head affirmatively against
the pillow and groaned appreciatively to my ministrations.  'Very good then', I
gave her warning.  I started a slow measured whipping of her already pained ass. 
Rather than reduce the force of my blows, which was my first inclination, I did
the opposite.  Just slightly increasing their weight.  Soon her rump began to
gyrate once more.   I whacked at her revolving rear, taking my time and evenly
spacing each stinging blow. 

It didn't take long before her knuckles of her clenched fists became white and
her moaning increased its pace.  I knew that she was close to coming and I had a
little surprise for her which I had read about once and I hoped would work. 
With both hands I steadied her rump.  She obediently stood still.  WHAM.  I gave
her a solid shot against both cheeks.   'Uuummmmm', she groaned.  I again
steadied her rear and watched as her ass cheeks twitched, anticipating the
worst.  Quickly I switched my grip on the brush, gripping the head in my hand. 
Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap.  I lightly spanked her widely spread pussy with the
brush handle.  'Ooooh.  Oooooh.  Ooooh. Oooooh,' she moaned. 
'UUUUUMMMMMMMMHHHH', she cried.  It was amazing to watch her body involuntary
twitching from that initial assault.  Literally it looked like her body was
sucking in her tender mound trying to protect it.  But in actuality, it was her
hips arching inward towards her stomach, slightly reducing my access to that
area of her anatomy.  Moving the brush into position accordingly, I resumed my
pussy whipping.  Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. TAP.  The last slightly harder slap sent
her over the edge.  She groaned loudly into her gag and her hips pumped back and
forth.  Her whole body jerked as she screamed, 'UURRRGGGHHHH', into her gag and
a wild orgasm swept through her tortured body.  Ann's upper body rose and fell
against the bed, pulling at her halter and then realizing the futilely of this
dropping down once more.  The ropes directly over her nipples dug deeply into
her satin-sheathed breast, while the ropes above left chafe marks against the
top of her soft white mounds.   She lost a slipper when she tried to kick her
ankles upward against the tight ropes.  The whole bed shook as she bucked to the
heavenly flow.  Finally, after a few more hectic gyrations Ann's sexual release
ran its course.

Dropping my shorts I climbed up on the bed behind her cherry red ass.  Ann was
exhausted and her rump was almost resting on the bed.  The way her ankles and
knees were spread, of course made that comfort an impossibility. 
'Hhhhmmmmmuuuummmpp', she cried out in surprise  as I raised her walloped rump
and began to rub my hard member against her fiery pussy.  'Eeeeeiiimmmmpp'. she
squealed like a stuck pig as I pulled her hips backward and impaled her on my
manhood.  This was one of my favorite positions and just a few nights ago I
began pounding my meat into and out of her lower mouth.  Each time I dove into
her, she squealed.  Partly I am sure it was do to the tenderness of that region
after its encounter with the wooden brush handle and also because my pulling her
hips toward me dragged her against her breast harness.  Watching her struggle
against her bonds and those moaning, groaning, squealing sounds she would make
drove me into a frenzy.  I imagined that I could feel the heat of her beaten
pussy engulfing my cock... and maybe I really could.  From some reserve of
energy Ann began bucking her hips up and down meeting my frantic thrusts. 
'Oooohhhh Lord yes', I cried out and came in a wonderfully satisfy explosion. 
Just then Ann's rear retracted just a bit to far and my cock came loose! 
'Rrrrriiiieeeeee', she cried through her gag in frustration.  Grabbing myself in
one hand I went to put my rod back into my wife, but just then I noticed the
eroticness of my globs of white sperm splotching Ann's red rear.  Rather than
lose the moment, I began jerking myself off.  Shot after shot of the slimy jism
splattered against her continually arching ass.  I put one hand on her back to
slow her wild movements as my eruption ebbed and the last drops of cream bounced
onto her butt. 

Something, I don't truly understand what, made me want to massage her violated
rump.  Releasing my spent member, I used both hands to smooth the sticky cum
over her buttocks.  To me it was like I was rubbing in some type of healing
balm.  Ann moaned loudly as she realized what I was doing.

Finished with that satisfying task I removed the yellow ball from behind her
pink lips and wiped the spittle away before it could wet the pillow.   'You've
got to make love to me again... right now!', she cried as soon as her mouth was
free.  'Oooouuuuuuuuu', she groaned in frustration because she knew she wasn't
saying the right words correctly.  'Master.... master....please make love to me
again', she stammered out.  'Pleeeeasssee master.  My pussy is on fire and it's
unbelievably exciting to have you in me when I'm... I'm like this..... God, it's
like being a virgin again!  It's just so good!   Pleeeessseee master.... FUCK
ME!'  Her voice deepened as she said 'fuck me' and was kind of funny, because it
reminded me of Linda Blair when she was possessed in the Exorcist.

She had certainly gotten my attention though and my member did a little shiver
and began to come back to life.  Pulling the mask from her eyes, I shook my head
and told her, 'Honey I would love to, but I truly do not believe that it is
physically possible.'  Wincing, even in the poor light of the room after being
in darkness for so long, Ann couldn't help but notice my collapsed manhood. 
'Shit', she mummurred.  'OK. OK. OK'.   She said as she pressed her eyes
together in thought.  'Alright, untie my hands and chest and I'll.... I'll use
my mouth to get you ready again.'  My jaw dropped open and my deflated penis did
its best to stage a rebound. 

Some people don't do windows, Ann doesn't do blow jobs.  In fact she dislikes
them to the point that when given the choice of bondage or a blowjob she would
pick getting tied up!  The firsts in our sexual relationship that were coming
out of these last few days just kept on popping up.

For the last two years of high school and the first two years of college I had
had the same girl friend, which some people would refer to as an eleven.  (i.e.
Good looking and she swallowed.)  This woman gave the best head that I have ever
experienced throughout the rest of my adult life.  In fact because during this
stage of my life I did not have my own place, blowjobs were my normal fare of
choice.  And, in all honesty, after sampling her pussy I much preferred her
mouth! 

Marriage, on the other hand, was a whole new ball game.  You're in for the long
haul and compromise becomes the be all and end all.  Shortly into our
relationship I was hit with that 'old routine' I'm giving you everything and
your giving me nothing in return.  I was forced into the decision of which do
you want more; bondage or blowjobs.  So much for being the master of my destiny! 
Now many years past this decisive turn of events, to have my wife be the one to
suggest using her mouth on me threw me into an overdrive excitement level. 

Needless to say I lost no time uniting my wife's halter from the headboard and
then furiously began work on her wrists.  Freeing them I couldn't help but tie
the two ropes dangling from her wrists together.  My wife glared at me as she
tested the twelve-inch hobble.  Ann knelt upright on the bed, while I slid into
a sitting position with my back to the headboard.  Bending over my wide-open
crotch she quickly encircled my cock between the fingers of both hands and
started a soft pumping motion.  At first my manhood remained soft, but then she
began with her tongue!  Her warm soft appendage slithered about the head of my
penis bathing it in her oral juices.  Any last drops that were left upon me,
were soon cleaned off.  Gentle teeth teased the sensitive head of my circumcised
rod.  My john thomas actually jumped as she breathed warm air upon it.  With
this first hint of renewal, Ann placed a kiss on the head of my cock.  But, this
was no ordinary kiss.  Opening her mouth wider and closing down the side of her
mouth she produced enough suction to pull me into her warm oral cavity!   Now
the fingers that were wrapped around my rapidly reinflating member began a quick
pistoning motion.  Her head began to bob up and down upon me as her busy tongue
swirled around my head and was alternately replaced with a glorious sucking
sensation.  What was amazing to me was that she never took in more than two or
three inches of my meat, while it felt like my entire cock was sliding into her
warm opening!  I had never encountered this particular maneuver before, but I
could now attest to its effectiveness! 

It was a painful process, with my cock tingling its way back to life.  Soon
though it was once more hard as a rock within the glorious confines of her
mouth.  Struggling to my knees, Ann continued to piston her head forward. 
Coming twice, this closely together, was both difficult and painful.  It sort of
felt like there was a fire in the center of my cock as more fluids were poured
in to replace the earlier expended ones.  Despite all of this, it was immensely
exciting. 

'Alright you've gotten me ready', I groaned out.  'Now it is time that I return
you to your earlier stage of excitement.'  I am not sure if she heard me or if
she just didn't understand, but the first swat to her pussy with the brush
handle was definitely a complete surprise.  'Ooooowwww', she moaned around a
mouthful of me.  Ann's eyes had flown open and she was just quick enough in
realizing what had happened, to keep from biting me.  Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap.  
I re-warmed her already whipped pussy.  She fought to concentrate and continue
her oral assault, but she soon lost it.  Realizing this I pulled out, before I
lost any of my revived hardness. 

Kneeling behind her as before I rubbed my cock against her hot juicy opening. 
TAP.  One more snap to her pussy for good measure.  Finding the opening, I lost
no time diving in.  I love doggie style.  There is something about this position
that lets her clamp her inner muscles more tightly about my plunging rod.  She
was moaning, I was moaning, we must have sounded like two animals in heat!  Our
movements again became frantic.  This time however, we both strove to stay in
sync with each other and it  worked to perfection.  In only minutes we were both
crying out in ecstasy.  It was like shooting mini fireballs out  as I exploded
into my wife love canal.  That pleasure / pain mix made it all the better for
me!

As our ravaged bodies finally relaxed, we began to laugh.  First little giggles
and then building to almost uncontrollable laughter.  It took many deep breaths
and a lot of work to get back in control of our faculties.  'That was the best
sex that I have ever had', I said breaking the ice.  'Me too!', my lovely bride
piped up.  'Oh my God, was that incredible or what?', she continued softly. 
'Absolutely unbelievable', I answered truthfully.  'Oh God, I'm too tired to
move', Ann moaned.  I started laughing again and had to forcibly stop myself. 
'Not that you could move too far in your current circumstances', I told her
wryly.  She laughed and replied, 'Speaking of which would you be so good as to
untie me please.... master.'

I removed her bonds, finishing off with her breast harness.  Ann slid slowly
into a sitting position... and then popped off the bed.  'Oooww', she said
rubbing her rear-end.  I chuckled as she made quite a site standing there in one
high heel, the other stocking sheathed foot stretched like a ballet dancer to
imitate its counterpart.  I kicked over her other slipper, which she slid into
effortlessly.  'Damn, for the first time in my life I know what its like to not
be able to sit down because of a spanking,' she said softly.  I gave her a hug
and then gathered up all of the loose odds and ends from our bondage / spanking
encounter.  Helping her into her sheer wrap, I said, 'Come on downstairs honey. 
I'll rub some nice soothing cream into your rear end.'  She laid her head
against my shoulder and replied simply, 'OK.'

NOTE:  One further thought (piece of information) -  Don't take a HOT shower
after getting your butt spanked!  I thought it would be nice to take a shower
together after our earlier endeavors and my wife agreed.  Ann yelped like a
wounded dog and jumped from beneath the hot stream of water (she had entered
front first and didn't get zinged until she turned her back.  OW.  She likened
it to taking a hot shower with a bad sunburn.  Tepid water worked out just fine.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  White Knight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





