BDSM Library - The Deposition




The Deposition
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a full interrogation transcription of a slave girl who were tortured and training to be a best slave for her master.
DISCLAIMER: The following text contains descriptions of unusual and
partially non-consensual sexual activities.  This is intended as fiction,
contains no references to actual persons, places or situations and is not
intended to encourage any of the activities described.  Please close and
delete this message immediately if you think that you might be offended by
such contents.

DISCLAIMER2: The following text contains sexually explicit material dealing with
practices (sadomasochism, bestiality, enslavement, scatophily, etc.) that might
be considered illegal in your country. If this is the case or you are a minor or
you feel that these themes might disturb you, please close and destroy this file
immediately. By continuing to read you implicitly relieve the author for any
responsibility for the contents, legal or otherwise.



CONTACT: The author is very interested in receiving comments from any woman who
finds the contents of her interests. To contact him, please send a private email
to italiansadist@hotmail.com

A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY: Italian Master is currently accepting supplications
worldwide from females seriously willing to turn their fantasies of masochism
and total submission into reality.
I am 29, perfectly healthy, good looking and experienced even from the slave's
standpoint. I have a medical and psychology background to ensure your safety,
yet I am also very sadistic and extremely demanding. I can speak English,
Italian and some French and German. I have a vast knowledge of everything S/M
and enjoy most of its aspects in a well equipped setting. What I am looking for
is a person willing to be trained into perfect submission as a full time,
permanent slavegirl. Respect and care are assured, but the relationship will be
centered on the Master/slavegirl aspect.
You must be of legal age, healthy and genuinely masochistic and submissive, with
a liking for pain, humiliation, servitude and sexual service.You don't
necessarily have to be particularly experienced or exceptional looking, but you
must understand that after your training I will not tolerate the knowledge of
another slavegirl doing or accepting things that you don't and, most of all,
that this is a serious permanent position, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Answer with your physical and psychological description, listing any previous
experience, specific fantasies, current limits and especially your motivations.
A photo would be appreciated. All the answers will be discreetly replied to, and
should you interest me I'll arrange for an all-expensed paid trip here for an
adequately long tryout to assess our mutual interest. If we'll find a
compatibility, you will be required to relocate to permanently serve me. An
emergency fund will be set up in order to allow you to get back to your former
life should any problem arise, and in no case you will be dumped and left on
your own. Do not answer to the newsgroup, but email me directly at italiansadist@hotmail.com
This is a once in a lifetime chance. Try not to waste it.

Reproduction and distribution is encouraged only on a non-commercial basis,
without any modification to the full content of this file.




THE DEPOSITION

(with minor editing by v.)


CASE 179: The subject was apprehended during the Aziz Palace assault,
Operation KKF3242A of the glorious People's Republic of the United States of
Arabia Liberation Army.  Subject was a member of the tyrannical Kareem Aziz
Baharaqani's harem along with subjects C172-C215.  Full interrogation
transcription follows.

- Your name, please.
- Sandy, Sir.
- Sandy and...
- Slave Sandy, Sir.  I'm sorry.
- No, listen: you're not in that fucking harem anymore.  I don't want to
hear any more of this "slave" shit you and the other girls have been giving
me since we got you out of that criminal's palace.  Just give me your name,
age and place of birth, okay?
- I... Helen Bering, Sir. I'm 22, Sir, and I was born in London, in the
United Kingdom.
- Wait a minute.  Didn't you just say your name was Sandy?
- That is my slave name, Sir.  Master Aziz said that the name "Sandy" amused
him, Sir.
- Er... right.  Now, let's see... Hey!  You wouldn't be the same Helen
Bering of Ambassador Bering's family, would you?
- I think so, Sir.  My father was Carl Bering of the British embassy in this
country, Sir.
- Figures.  You've been listed as missing since New Year's Eve of 1992, five
years ago.  What happened, exactly?
- I... that was so long ago... I... Yes, now I remember.  We were returning
from some party in a big villa, my family and I, and our limousine was on
that large road, what is it called...the one right in the middle of the
desert, with the billboards...
- That would be Al Saffarah's Road, wouldn't it?
- Yes... I think so.  It was very late and I was sleeping on the back seat;
it had been one of those very boring social nights I had to attend, and I
was angry because they didn't let me go to my friend Francoise's party.  I
remember that I awoke abruptly, with my mother yelling and pushing me down
on the floor.  There was a lot of light and noise outside, and she kept
repeating "Don't move!  Don't move and don't talk!" as she threw her coat
over me.  Then I heard somebody opening the car doors, yelling in the local
language.  I didn't understand a word of it, back then.  Somebody suddenly
yanked me out of the car by the ankle... they killed my parents, didn't
they? I don't remember... too much commotion...
- Yes, I'm sorry.  Your family was killed by terrorists that night. I'm...
- I should have known.  I didn't hear my parents as they threw me onto an
helicopter...and...I...
(The subject had an emotional breakdown lasting several minutes)
- I need the rest of your story, now.
- Yes, Sir.  Where was I?
- The helicopter.
- Yes.  They took me to Master Aziz's Palace.  His secretary, Ali, was
waiting for me.  He told the men who held me that I was the right one, and
they dragged me to my cell, down in the dungeon.  I tried to run away, but
they were very strong.  They hanged me by my wrists from the ceiling and put
a spreader bar on my ankles, then they took some scissors and cut all my
clothing, my dress and my undergarments, away, until I was completely naked
in front of them.  I screamed, but they shoved a ball gag in my mouth, and
then they left me there.  After a while Master Aziz came to visit me.  I had
seen him briefly at the party, but I didn't recognize him immediately.
He...do I have to tell you everything, Sir?
- Yes, please.  Every single detail is important.
- Yes, Sir.  Master Aziz told me that I was now part of his harem, that he
liked me and wanted to make me his favourite slave.  He felt up my sex and
anus, I tried to scream and he said that I had to learn not to annoy him
when he was using his property, that I had to please him because he had the
power of life and death over me.  Then to demonstrate this, he gave me my
first whipping.
- Did he torture you?
- Oh, no.  That time he just whipped me.  The tortures came later, and he
usually let somebody else take care of them.  He preferred to wa--
- Enough for now, thanks.  Please go on with your story.
- Yes, Sir.  I had never been whipped before, so he had to beat me for quite
a long time before I learned to accept his will without rebelling.  When I
finally understood, and just cried from the pain instead of trying to avoid
his whip, he rewarded my submission for the first time.
- What do you mean, Miss?
- He gave me the honour of receiving his pleasure.  It is the greatest prize
for a slave, you know, Sir.  He took me down and tied me to the table, then
he used both my worthless cunt and asshole...
- What are you saying?  Dear God.  Are you crazy?
- No, Sir.  He did.  I was a virgin at the time, and he honoured his slave
by opening her up personally.  I remember that I felt a lot of pain, as
Master Aziz is very large, Sir, but later I learned that I had been very lucky.
- You must be delirious, Miss Bering.  Do you want me to call a medic?
- Oh, no, Sir.  I am fine.  Do you want me to go on?
- Uh, yes.  Please.
- In the following weeks I was taught my place by the dungeon guards and,
more rarely, by Master Aziz himself.
- Hold it. Who were the guards?
- I don't know, Sir. There were many of them. Most of them were women,
because Master Aziz loves women. I think that they usually were older slaves
who had completed their training, although there were a few younger ones.  I
remember Mistress Stella in particular; she was very, very young.  Probably
younger than me, and she was one of the cruelest.  Then there were the men,
but...
- What did they do?
- The men, Sir?
- All of them. The guards.
- Oh.  I...they trained us slavegirls, Sir.  They taught us how to behave,
they punished us when we weren't obedient enough, they showed us how to
accept the pain and the humiliations Master Aziz wanted us to endure.  And
of course, they used us for sex.
- Wait a second.  Can you give me a concrete and detailed example?
- Yes, Sir.  I remember one of the first times, when I refused to eat from
the dog's bowl.
- What?
- I was very stupid, Sir, and I didn't want to eat like the bitch I am.
Sir?  Is there a problem?
- No, no.  Go on, please.
- So I refused to put my face in the bowl on the floor, and a guard had to
train me.  First of all she punished me for my misbehaviour, she tied me to
the bench and gave me twelve strokes with the cane on my ass, three on my
tits and one right in my cunt.  That taught me not to disobey when I was
ordered to eat something. Then the guard was so kind as to demonstrate to me
that the cold food that was in my bowl was very tasty.  She took me to the
central room of the dungeon, the one around which all of the cells were
built, chained me to the floor, and put me in the fishbowl.  So I...
- Stop.  What is the fishbowl?
- I'm sorry, Sir.  The fishbowl is a clear plastic cylinder with one end
sealed.  In its side there is a hole through which the slave's head is put
in, then the hole is closed around the neck with a rubber seal, which is
made waterproof by lining it with silicone and waiting for it to dry.
- And what is it used for?
- In my case the guard had all of the other slavegirls get out of their
cell, one by one, and use the fishbowl as a toilet.
- Are you saying that they had people...excrete on you?
- Oh, yes, Sir.  After a short while my head began to go under the level of
the piss and shit.  I remember that, before my ears were fully covered, the
guard said: "There are six more slaves, then it will be the guards' turn.
You'd better start thinking about how you can keep from drowning in there!"
I knew she was right.  Just before that a slave refused to piss in the
fishbowl.  I had a large turd already blocking most of my vision, but I saw
two guards cathetering her to ensure that I received as much piss and shit
as possible.
- But...how did you survive?
- I swallowed it, Sir, of course.  I stupidly tried to resist until the warm
mixture began to cover up my nose too, then I started drinking it, trying to
suck it through a corner of my mouth to avoid eating any turds.  The slaves
were doing their thing very fast, though, so I panicked and began to drink
as much as I could.  I remember that I thought then I'd die drowned in my
own vomit, but finally it stopped and I was able to breathe again.  I
couldn't see a thing and the shit had closed up my nose, so I stayed there
gasping, with my head surrounded by warm and wet shit everywhere, but I
managed not to vomit.  Master Aziz later said that I was good and that I had
a vocation for toilet training, so I was often used as a toilet during the
parties after I became a good slave.
- I don't...believe I'm hearing this.  The other girls were just sex dolls...
- Oh, yes, Sir.  Master Aziz only chose ten of us to become his total
slaves.  The others were simply for sex, and he didn't waste his time on
training them.  I and the other full slaves were lucky, because we were
given the chance to please him with our submission, while the others were
usually sold away after a short while.
- You're saying Aziz Baharaqani was a slave trader as well?
- Oh my, of course.  I heard many of his friends bidding for us total slaves
as well, but we were his precious pets, and he would never throw us away.
- I...I see.  Please go on with your story.
- Well... oh, yes.  After a couple of hours, I think, the guard took me out
of the fishbowl and had me clean up the mess, then she washed me down with
the cold water hose.  I remember that at the time my stomach was terribly
upset by what I had eaten, so by the time I was taken back to my cell and
ordered to eat from the dog's bowl I really appreciated the taste of the
food and water.
- You said something about the guards raping you.
- Yes, Sir.  I was fucked at the least once a day.  When a guard entered our
cells, if we weren't in the cages we had to kneel on the floor facing the
wall opposite the door with our arms crossed behind our backs, the face on
the floor and the legs well spread, to make our holes accessible.
- Listen, didn't you say that the guards were mostly women?  Were
they...lesbians?
- Of course, Sir.  Part of my training was to learn how to please both
sexes, not to mention the Master's dogs and other animals.  The female
guards usually put at least a dildo into me, anyway, even if they only
wanted me to lick their cunt or asshole or feet.
- Were you given any form of birth control?  The Red Cross people want to know.
- I was sterilized, just like the other slavegirls, soon after my arrival.
The normal sex slaves weren't because they could just be sent away, but we
were an asset too precious to lose for the duration of a pregnancy.
- Shit.  Look, I think I need a break.
(15 minutes later)
- So. Now, Miss Bering, I gather that you were tra--...released, eventually.
- Oh, no, Sir.  No slave could ever be released. I merely completed my
training.  I was one of the best, you know?  I graduated to perfect
submission in less than two years, while most slaves usually take three full
years of training.
- I see.  Oh, but there's something I took a note of before that I keep
forgetting to ask you about.  I'd like to close that chapter before going on
with this.  Did I understand right that you were forced
to...erm...bestiality, having sex with animals?
- Yes, Sir.  But it wasn't very often.  I was given to the dogs to be fucked
usually during Master Aziz's parties, for the guests' enjoyment.  I had the
honour of being fucked by the Master's favourite stallion a couple of times
during the training stage, when I resisted some men by saying they were too
large for my useless holes, and I had to suck and drink all of the animals
in his main stable during my sperm training.  I remember that I had
swallowed so much sperm of all kinds that before moving on to the bulls they
had to give me a gastric lavage to empty my stomach.
- Enough, enough.  Can you tell me how were you treated when you...graduated
in Aziz's palace?
- Surely, Sir.  When the Master and the guards were finally sure of my
complete submission they moved me out of the dungeon, into the slaves'
quarter.  Up there I did have a real bed, running water and even shoes...
- Are you saying that in the dungeon you didn't even have shoes to wear?
- Oh, no, Sir.  We were always completely naked, to remind us that we were
simply pets in the hands of the Master and his guards.  In the slaves'
quarters I was given my beautiful stilettos and my collar with Master Aziz's
tag.  See?  I've still got it on.
- Uhm...right.  Let's get back to your new condition, shall we?
- Yes, Sir.  As a trained slave I was whipped only once a day, to remind me
of my condition, and I was tortured no more than two times per week.  I also...
- No, stop there.  Can you describe the tortures you were submitted to?
- Oh... I...I am afraid I forgot many of them.  There were so many, you see.
I think I rarely was tortured twice in the same way; Master Aziz employed
professionals from all around the world so that he might always be presented
with the most ingenious and exciting ones.  He grew bored quickly.
- Just some examples will do, OK?
- Yes, Sir.  I was usually tortured in the Eastern Tower, which holds the
Master's museum of torture.  I don't know how the tortures to be inflicted
were selected, but generally I was taken from floor to floor in a random
fashion.  They were always tortures for my only useful parts: the tits, the
cunt and the ass.  The general whippings took care of the rest of the
body...along with these areas, of course. I remember they hanged very heavy
weights from my nipples, cuntlips and clitoris, once.  Another time I was
impaled on an automatic plug that grew larger and larger with time...via an
hydraulic pump, I think.  I lost consciousness twice on that occasion.  Then
they put it in my asshole.  Another time I was given an enema and douche
with an acid, which they spread on my tits as well.  It took more than a
week to grow back a new layer of skin that time, and I remember that Master
Aziz was so irritated by this that he had Mistress Carola, who was the
inventor of that torment, tortured the same way for a full week.  And the
one time the video people were happiest was during the needles contest, when
each slavegirl had to best the others in putting the most needles in her
body.  Terry won by sticking six needles in her anal sphyncter...
- All right, all right!  Just tell me who those "video people" are, right?
- Yes, Sir.  I'm sorry, I thought you knew.  They videotaped all of our
tortures, Sir, so that Master Aziz could enjoy our suffering any time and,
of course, sell the tapes to his friends.
- Can't believe it.  So he also was in the pornography business...
- Oh, no, Sir.  The Master never sold mundane porn.  He simply...
- Yes, yes, yes.  I haven't the time to hear all of this crazy story.  Now I
want to concentrate on...er...what happened to your body.
- Yes, Sir.  As I said, Master Aziz was very pleased with me, so once, while
he was honouring me by letting me suck his godlike sex, he told me he had
decided to transform me into the best slave in the world.  I didn't
understand what he meant and I didn't dare ask, but then I gathered that he
wanted to shape my body in the most exciting possible way.  From that day on
I was submitted to a rigorous body-shaping discipline. Let's see...where to
begin...well, first of all there were my feet.  Master Aziz has a fetish for
extremely high heels, so he decided to make sure that I would never be able
to move in anything else.  He had one of his experts build a number of
special shoes for me that locked the foot in line with the leg, making it
impossible to walk except on tip-toe.  I could never remove them, not even
for the night, and a special trainer came every day to make me walk, move
and even run in them.  Very recently the palace's medic told me that my
Achilles' tendon was atrophying very well and that in a couple of years I'd
finally be ready, but now I...don't know...
(Interrogation had to be stopped for a few minutes due to the subject's
having another emotional breakdown)
- Are you O.K. now?  Let's continue with the story of your..."body shaping"...
- Yes, Sir.  Then there were my tits.  I always had large tits, but Master
Aziz wanted me to have the largest tits in the world.  Since surgical
implants were out of question because they could have broken during the
punishments, he had another expert come to my room every single day and
inject a special substance into my tits.  She used a very thin needle to
avoid leaving unattractive spots on my flesh, but it was a very long one.
She made one to four injections per tit every time, from different angles,
and she usually used another, larger needle to inject a larger quantity of
the substance through the nipple.  It always was very painful, but she said
that was a good sign because it meant that the mammary glands were reacting
right, swelling up well.  I remember that Master Aziz first said he was
pleased with my tits when they were compared with the largest watermelon on
the table during a banquet, and they were larger than that.  Then he even
congratulated me when the medic said him that the weight of my tits was
ruining my back, and he said that he hoped that someday he would see me
unable to move because of them.  I really hoped I'd manage to fulfill his
wish, but...
- O.K., Miss. Is that all?
- No, Sir.  I haven't told you about my holes, Sir.  Are you interested?
- Ah...yes.  Most definitely, Miss Bering.
- To complete my transformation into the sexiest slave in the world, Master
Aziz decided to make my holes the largest ever.  Since that day I had to
wear a dilatating belt with two wooden plugs, day and night.  Every morning
a guard came to my room and checked to see if my muscles had given way a
little more, and then she substituted the plugs with larger ones whenever
possible.  Sometimes they wanted to speed up the dilatation so they injected
some muscle relaxant into my worthless asshole or my cunt, so they could
force them a little more open.  I lost the ability to retain my shit shortly
after the beginning of the treatment, and the medic said that my bones were
exceptionally flexible and would allow even larger plugs to fit in.  When a
new plug was used I usually couldn't walk, or even move at all, for half a
day, but the Master was terribly excited by the results.  During a dinner
party last week he challenged the guests to find any bottle large enough
that it couldn't be pushed into me from the bottom in; in the end a lady
came up with a particularly large champagne bottle, but after some effort
and much pain I obediently received it in both holes, and I made the Master
happy.
- But is that all you cared about? Making that madman Aziz happy? What about
you? You are a freak, you have been humiliated, tortured, god only knows
what else...You and these other airheads even seem disappointed about having
been saved from that criminal!
- You don't understand.  You see, Sir, Master Aziz taught us discipline, he
showed us our real purpose, which is to be perfect slaves and please our
Masters.  At the beginning I didn't understand that, but eventually I became
truly happy with my life.  I learned that each punishment, each torture, was
a demonstration of his interest in, if not love for, his humble slave.  He
could have had any other girl in the world, but he chose me.  Without Master
Aziz I would have been just another useless brat:  I remember how bored and
purposeless I was, just like all of my friends and all of our mothers.  Now
I have lived with somebody who spent millions and employed dozens of persons
to ensure that my life had a meaning, which was to suffer for his pleasure
and his friends'.  You know, Sir, the really terrible moments were not when
I thought I was about to die from the pain, which happened quite often, nor
when I had to beg some stranger to let me eat his dog's shit.  They were
when Master Aziz went away unsatisfied, when I didn't see him masturbating
his majestic sex through my tears, or he didn't want to see me for a week
after I failed to endure willingly whatever torment he had devised for me.
- You're...you're crazy.  You know, tomorrow a psychologist will read my
report, and you'll be put in some madhouse.  It's a pity: even in those
conditions, you are a very young and beautiful girl.
- I know, Sir.  May I ask you what will become of Master Aziz?
- He will be executed tomorrow at dawn, along with the other tyrants that
kept this country in poverty and ignorance for so many years.
- I see, Sir.
(Interrogation was suspended to answer an urgent call)
- Well, I think I have good news for you, Miss Bering.
- Master Aziz?
- No, Miss Bering.  But we've been receiving calls from all around the world
from people who have learned of the fall of  the Baharaqani family who are
offering their help to its political prisoners, which includes those like you.
- But I don't...
- I received this top priority message from Mr. Serge Lacroix, who
apparently is a prominent French political figure.  It says that his secret
services knew of the atrocities perpetrated within Aziz Palace but that he
couldn't intervene for fear of provoking a full-scale war.  He is willing to
take care of you victims of this madman's insane lust in his specialized
clinic in France for the treatment of sexual traumas.
- Lacroix, the Inquisitor?
- What did you say, miss?
- I kno--...nothing, officer.  Please, I appeal by my right as a foreign
citizen and a political prisoner to be sent to France immediately, on the
first plane out.  I gladly accept minister Lacroix' offer.  I think I
desperately need the therapies his center can give me...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Italian Sadist


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





