BDSM Library - Christmas Present




Christmas Present
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A lonely widow tries to commit suicide on Christmas day. Her rescuer decides it is a case of "finders keepers".
Please take note!
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.
MF NC
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.


This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.
Copyright 2001




Christmas Present
by obohobo
Chapter 1 Suicide attempt
"Christmas doesn't exist this year," Eric told himself for the tenth time that
morning, "It's just another work day for me." Walking to his workshop at the
back of the house and picking up a carving gouge he set to work fashioning the
feathers of a wooden owl.
His heart wasn't in it though. For the first time for many years he was alone at
Christmas. His girlfriend partner of five and a half years left him six months
ago because she thought he had become 'too domineering.' Since then he had got
on well with his life and was able to look after and feed himself more than
adequately but had not met anyone to take her place. He didn't really find being
alone a problem, that is not until today. Three times he switched the wireless
on and each time the tinkling jingles, the carols and the laughter reminded him
he was on his own. Each time angrily he switched it off. There was no one to
share gifts with; no one to share mince pies and a glass of sherry, no one to
cuddle and hug.
The weather didn't help either. It was relatively mild at 10 Celsius but it was
murky, calm and drizzling. Grey weather that matched his sombre mood. Inwardly
he hoped someone would just turn up on his doorstep and spend a few minutes
chatting but he knew this was a forlorn hope. The one friend who might have come
round was staying with his son and granddaughter in London over the holiday
period. His brother and sister now lived in the States and had families there.
They were all the family he had. Today he was alone. Alone and depressed.
Glancing out of the lounge window he saw two women, overcoats on, umbrella's up
walking their dogs. Dog walking didn't stop on Christmas day. Although they only
lived around the corner and always spoke when passing he didn't know their
names. Yet they were friendly enough. He could hear the laughter in their voices
as they walked along the deserted lane. It was a quiet village anyway and
everyone would be indoors on this special day, especially considering the
weather.
Roughton, had about thirty houses mainly along one road with a small, newish
estate to one side. Side by side at one end of the lane stood the Post Office
shop and the pub. Even the pub wouldn't be open for a couple of hours and then
the places for Christmas lunch were fully booked months ago.
"Perhaps I'll put my coat on and walk along the lane. At least I might get to
say a few words to the women on their way back," he said to himself, "Maybe
they'll even invite me in for a drink as they know I am alone." He didn't
believe or expect it but his imagination gave it a chance. Pulling on a dirty
green waterproof coat he went out into the wet morning.
Gently closing the door he turned and was surprised to see an apparently elderly
woman riding a bicycle. Cycling was his only means of getting from the village
to the town shops and he thought he knew all those who also cycled that route,
yet she was a stranger to him. Eric was even more surprised when, instead of
continuing along the lane, she turned down the grassy farm track by the side of
his house. That only led to the river and by a very round about route back to
the lane again half a mile further on. "Was that imagination or did I hear her
weeping?" he thought as she passed by his garage. Intrigued Eric decided to
follow her.
Seemingly unheeding of anything, the woman cycled along the track until she came
to the bund that separated the flood plain from farm land. Eric followed,
discretely keeping into the hedge as much as he could. However, not once did she
turn around and look back. Over the years walkers had made a track over the
steep sides of the bund but with the wet weather of the past weeks and the rain
today, made it very slippery. The woman had to abandon her cycle. It didn't seem
to matter, she tossed it against the bank and climbed a grassy section to one
side of the muddy path.
Soon she disappeared over the other side and Eric hurried to catch up. Peering
over the bund he couldn't see her. "She must have gone through the tunnel where
the river flows under the motorway bridge. I would see her if she went
upstream," the detective streak in him deduced.
Footsteps echoed in the tunnel and again Eric thought he heard her weeping until
once again the echoes ceased and he knew she was on the grass path that followed
the river. With all the rain the water level was high and the river running
hard. "Where is she going?" he wondered, "This path only leads back to the lane
again in about another mile. It just circuits the farmland in the bow of the
river." Stealthily he followed. In places tree cover allowed him to get close
but in the more open areas he held back. Less than a quarter of a mile after
leaving the tunnel the woman stopped. Stopped at the weir. At this point tree
cover was good allowing Eric to see clearly everything she did.
Long ago, to protect the weir, protective spiked railings had been installed.
Almost equally long ago, children or more probably young adults, had bent a
section of the spikes to allow them to climb across the weir and in summer,
children bathing would jump off it into the deep water pool at its foot. In
summer though the water flow was much reduced and only added to the enjoyment of
children frolicking in the stream. Today the river was nearly at the top of the
bank and the water cascaded over the weir with considerable force.
"NO!" Eric yelled as he realised what the woman was about to do. It was too
late, she had already leapt into the waters. Rushing to a little beyond the weir
where he knew water was much shallower and where the body would end up, he
slithered down the bank in time to see the clothed figure being swept round the
bend toward him. With no thought for his own safety be waded into the cold water
over the tops of his wellington boots and was able to grab a coat sleeve.
Quickly dragging her to the bank, he helped her stand. Shakily she stood on her
own two feet. Eric guessed her tightly done up clothing had acted for a short
time as a life jacket by trapping air inside. There were a couple of marks on
her face but otherwise she seemed intact. Now though she was cold and her
clothes sodden. She needed warmth and quickly.
"Move yourself woman!" Eric ordered enforcing his command with a push to her
back. Something unintelligible came from the woman. He pushed again and she
started up the bank. Near the top she stopped, again muttering. Eric gently
kicked her arse. "Move it!" he repeated.
Once on the path he grabbed her hand and pulled her along as fast as he was
able. It was not fast enough. Wet heavy clothes and exhaustion slowed her nearly
to stopping but he knew she had to continue or she would just lay down and die,
which is what she wanted to do in the first place. He wasn't about to let that
happen. By the time they reached the tunnel he was more or less dragging her and
soaked from the waist down himself, the cold was getting to him as well. Half
carrying her over the bund he remembered the bike. With some difficulty she sat
in the saddle and he pushed her back along the path to his home. The lane was
deserted.
Pushing the soaked, shivering and exhausted woman into the kitchen he commanded
"Strip off. Get all those wet clothes off."




Chapter 2. Christmas dinner
Maureen Hardy lost her husband to cancer the previous Christmas after thirty
years of marriage. It had been a difficult year and she had a hard time coming
to terms with her loss. By the end of the summer she was beginning to get her
life together again but with the anniversary at Christmas and with her daughter,
son in law and two grandchildren away on a skiing holiday in Switzerland, like
Eric she felt very alone and depressed. She decided she could take any more.
Suicide she thought was the only way out. She wouldn't be missed until her
daughter came home or she didn't turn up for work in the New Year. Now that fool
had spoiled it. More shame as people found out what she had done or attempted to
do.
"Who was he to order her to take off her clothes? How could she anyway when her
fingers didn't work? Why is he lighting the gas oven? And leaving the door
open?" In a detached way, Maureen watched as he took his boots off and emptied
their contents down the sink then bent down and unbuttoned her jacket.
"Take it off." Eric disappeared for a few moments. "I've put the heat on and
will run the water for a bath. He knew she was having difficulty but wanted her
to make an effort. Returning to the kitchen without more ado he started
stripping Maureen of all her wet things. He gave instructions as if immediately
expecting her to carry them out but doing them himself. No coherent speech came
from Maureen's mouth yet although the warmth from the oven did appear to be
having some effect. As soon as she was naked, he dropped his own trousers and
left them along her clothes on the tiled floor. The mess would easily mop up.
Still shaking he led her upstairs and into the steamy bathroom and sat her on
the loo while he adjusted the water temperature so it was warm but not over hot.
He heard her pee although she didn't appear conscious of what she was doing.
When she finished he helped her in the bath and let lay in the warmth of the 
water hoping it would revive her. She seemed okay for the moment so going back
to the kitchen he made tea and brought two mugs of the steaming liquid back.
In front of her he shed the remainder of his clothes and climbed in the bath
behind her then cuddled her close to his chest. Her shivering had eased and she
could slowly say a few words but at this stage he didn't try to question her. He
gave his name and in return learned hers was Maureen. When the water began to
cool Eric picked up a flannel and started to wash Maureen paying special
attention to her breasts and pubic area but Maureen hardly noticed. She felt
overwhelmingly tired
Drying her and himself, he knew she had noticed his cock was half hard but her
tiredness and shivering which had began again now her body was out of the water,
overruled it from her senses. Dry now, he tried to get her to drink the tea but
she only managed a few sips before spluttering. "Bed for you young lady," Eric
announced, "And I'll be there to keep you warm."
The bed was unmade but it didn't matter. Eric rolled Maureen under the blankets,
then got the spare duvet and put that on top before climbing in himself and
pressing his naked body to hers. "It's only to create body heat he told
himself," but his inner mind knew he really wanted to feel her flesh against
his.
Maureen quickly fell into an exhausted sleep. An hour later her shivering had
quietened and Eric left the bed to make dinner. Roast beef had already been
planned but now he added more trimmings than he would for himself.  Every half
hour or so, he looked in on Maureen. She slept peacefully.
At 1.30 he woke her. "Christmas dinner in half an hour. Here's a dressing gown.
Use it. It is not a formal occasion." He too wore a dressing gown largely
because he'd washed the other clothes he would normally have worn before going
out in the morning and they were still wet.
"I don't want any."
"If you're not downstairs in half an hour, then I will warm your backside in a
less kindly way than earlier."
"But... Why?.... No... What...?" Words came out but not a sentence.
"You do as you are told now Maureen. You threw your life away. You didn't want
it. I picked it up. I want it. It's now mine. Mine to do with as I want. You
didn't want it, I do." Eric paused. "Twenty minutes now. Be down then or you'll
come down with a sore backside."
"You should have let me...."
"No, I shouldn't. This is turning out to be a better Christmas than I thought
when I went out this morning. You are the best Christmas present I've had for a
while. Now move yourself." Maureen, now aware of her nudity, pulled the blankets
up to cover herself. Eric laughed, I've seen and felt everything you have and
will see and feel more later so don't worry about showing yourself." Leaving
her, he went downstairs to finish preparing the dinner. Smells drifted up and
began to make Maureen feel hungry but she still felt tired and it was cosy under
the duvet, she didn't want to move.
"Dinner's nearly ready," Eric called as he climbed the stairs. Maureen was still
tucked in bed. Quietly Eric spoke. "Maureen, you have yet to learn that I mean
what I say. You are now mine. I told you to get up and get downstairs. You had
plenty of time. I also said I would warm your arse if you didn't." Taking hold
of the blankets, Eric pulled them down and in one swift movement rolled Maureen
on her stomach.
"Whack, whack, whack!!! Ten times his hand smacked on her left arse cheek, then
ten times more on her right. At first Maureen hardly realised what was happening
but soon she was squirming and crying.
"Now get up, put this dressing gown on and come downstairs. Dinner's ready."
"I'm leaving. I am certainly not staying here with you. You're a madman!"
"You don't have much choice. I could call the police and tell them about your
attempted suicide. Apart from the shame of your friends knowing you will have to
go on a psychiatric rehab programme. Do you want everyone to know? Do you want
it on the six o'clock news?" Maureen shook her head. "Well all you have to do is
be my present for this year. Get the gown on and come down."
"I need to pee."
"Go ahead but don't keep me waiting long." Eric patted her bottom not too
gently.
The lounge cum dining room was as festive as Eric could make it in the short
time he'd had. Having decided not to acknowledge Christmas this year there was
no tree or decorations but he had a log fire going that crackled and spit
cheerily and candles on the table. It looked cosy and inviting even if it was ad
hoc.
Maureen found a brush in the bathroom and brushed her hair while she sat on the
loo and contemplated what had happened. She still felt very tired but wondered
what he would do if she didn't hurry down to him. Give her another spanking?
That was the first for years. Harry, he late husband, had done it once or twice
in their early days but his had been more sexual pats, Eric's she could still
feel although they weren't that bad. Did she dare go back to bed? In the end it
was the smells emanating from below that enticed her down.
Entering the lounge she was taken aback by the sight of the food on the table.
Eric indicated a chair and pushed it in behind her as she sat. "Merry
Christmas," he whispered in her ear and when she tentatively replied he added,
"You're the nicest present I've had and I am going to make full use of you."
Maureen wasn't sure what to make of those words but kept quiet until he opened
the top of her gown and fully exposed her breasts. "I want to see my present,"
he murmured and then added in sharp contrast, "Leave them out!" as she strove to
close the gown again. "Remember, I own your life now."
Not wishing to cause more trouble Maureen acquiesced. She wasn't too pleased
with her titties as her husband always called them. They were full, like her
figure, but had begun to sag and she thought they needed the support of a good
bra. Each time she served herself with food they moved and her arms rubbed
against them each time she took a fork to her mouth. It wasn't long before the
nipples became erect much to Eric's obvious enjoyment. Several times he leaned
across and kissed them.
Apart from the unique dress code, dinner went much the same as for thousands of
others at the time. Crackers were pulled and paper hats worn, a little wine was
drunk but conversation was limited to finding out about each other's past life.
Maureen avoided any reference to why she tried to drown herself.
They adjourned to the couch in front of the fire to drink coffee. Both felt
nicely full and the two glasses of wine had given their spirits a lift but when
combined with the warmth from the fire and the comfort of the couch, Maureen
again felt extremely tired. Eric's hand probing her cunt quickly brought her
awake as she instinctively pushed his hand away. "No, Eric, please," she cried.
Eric slapped her hand. "I am going to unwrap my prezzie now and fully explore it
and then make good use of its facilities. To put it in crude terms, I'm going to
play with your body and then fuck it."
"No, please don't. I'm too tired. I don't know you. I don't want to. I don't
..."
"Be quiet. What you want or don't want doesn't matter. What I want does. I
haven't had a proper fuck for six months. At a guess you haven't been fucked for
well over a year. Now lie back and open your legs." Maureen now realized the
reason he gave for his girlfriend leaving might be true. He was domineering.
However, he was right about not have had a man for over a year. More because in
the last stages of her husband's cancer, he had not been able to do it at all.
Now the warm hand between her legs felt nice and her body began to respond in
ways it hadn't for some time. Moisture flowed into her vagina. She wanted him
but wouldn't admit it. She wanted him to take her but would not offer herself.
He would have take her of that she was certain but she knew it would be on his
terms. But would his sixty year old cock be up to it? It certainly looked like
it as it stood proud and erect at her side. It was also somewhat bigger than her
late husband's.
Eric stood and moved between her legs. "Given our ages, I doubt if we need worry
about pregnancy," he said as he entered her and started slowly pumping away. For
the first time for months, Maureen found her urges climbing to a sexual high.
Small groans escaped her lips as he body responded. The groans became a cry as
she reached her first climax. Eric continued. Age made his release take longer
but when it did come he flooded her with a copious amount of spermal fluid.
For a little while they lay together. Sweat intermingling. At length he pulled
out. "I don't know how sexually adventurous you were before," Eric said, "But I
like the taste of a fresh well fucked cunt and I like to feel a pair of lips
around my cock after a fuck." Reversing his position on her, he placed his lips
to her cunt and began licking and sucking. Maureen turned her head aside from
the sticky cock that dangled at her face. "Suck it!" demanded Eric.
"No, please don't," Maureen pleaded. Eric responded by taking one of her labia
between his teeth and giving it a nip.
"Ooowww!" screamed Maureen "Don't."
"Suck. Or would you rather I nipped here." Eric's teeth closed over her clit.
"You bugger." It was the first time Maureen had sworn at him. Eric teeth
tightened on her clit.
"Okay, okay. Don't bite." Maureen opened her lips and started to suck the tip of
his cock.
"All of it Maureen." This time she obeyed without hesitation.




Chapter 3. Boxing day
"Happy Boxing Day"
Maureen stirred as Eric came back from the loo. Blearily she looked at the
digital clock. 6:02. "Urgh! Do you always get up this early?" she asked.
"Earlier as a rule but I waited on a bit this morning until I couldn't wait any
longer to piss. Now I'm ready to make use of my present again. How is she this
morning?"
"Recovered from the swim, I think but sore you know where from the pounding you
gave it after dinner and again before we went to sleep. It's not used to that
much attention."
"Well it's going to get some more use now, that is unless you want to relieve it
in your mouth or inside your bum hole."
"You wouldn't make me do that would you?"
"I can assure you Maureen, I would take great delight in forcing you to suck me
all the way off and to bugger your arse. Julia tried to refuse me that service
soon after we got together but after I took the belt to her, she took it quickly
enough and eventually seemed to enjoy it. And she was your age too so don't
bring that up as an excuse."
"You took a belt to her?" Maureen sounded incredulous, "You really are a
monster. Do you think I am going to stay with you so you can do it to me? I'm
off home this morning."
"Is that before or after you go to the river?"
"You bugger!"
Get this straight dear, firstly you are staying here and secondly you have to
decide which hole you would like my cock in. Make your mind up. I won't always
give you the choice." Maureen chose a standard vagina fuck but was unprepared
when he turned her over and took her doggy style. She'd had it that way before
but not often. It made a change for her to feel a man's balls thumping the clit
area of her cunt. Eric wasted no time on niceties but plunged in and began his
vigorous in and out motions. Maureen flinched as he scraped the tender flesh but
gradually she too became aroused until she climaxed a little before he did.
After pulling out, Eric transferred to the sixty-nine position and lapped the
juices over flowing her cunt and this time it only took the suggestion of teeth
around her clit before she took his cock and sucked it clean.
Later, after they had eaten breakfast and she had part cleaned the kitchen while
he started a fresh loaf in the bread machine, he took her in the lounge.
"Maureen, we need to discus your future here. I know I have called you my
Christmas present but I also realize you have other commitments. You have to be
back at work on January 2nd. You have family coming back from holiday about then
too. So it seems to me that it is not unreasonable for me to expect to have you
for my sole use until then. Surely saving your life is worth that much?"
"I didn't want my life saved. Or at least I didn't at the time. Now I am not so
sure. You're such a strange man. Demanding. Definitely sexually demanding.
Domineering. Yet somehow strangely compassionate. I just cannot make you out. I
don't know if I want to stay or not even for a week."
"The week stay isn't negotiable. I look at it as payment for your life."
"Will you really expect me to perform for you at will and in those other
places?"
"Certainly and it will be the belt if you don't. I think I am giving away more
than I should by reducing your lifetime payment to one week so you must expect
to give in return. Or did you expect me to open the door this morning and say
good bye?"
"I didn't know what to expect. One thing I do know is that I wouldn't head for
the river. I think it was the particular loneliness of Christmas day that made
me contemplate taking my life. You too were very lonely then too so you can get
some idea of how I felt. Now you want me to be a sexual slave to you for a week
and I don't know if I could take that."
"As I said the week isn't negotiable and no I don't want a sexual slave, but I
do want a woman willing to fulfill my needs and her own and also to be a
companion. We need to help each other over the loneliness crisis. After the week
then we can talk about other terms."
"What if I run away?"
"Well I won't beseech you to come back. I won't come and look for you, but if
you decide to come of your own accord, then you must expect a sore arse and an
extension of the week time scale." That is how it was left. Maureen not really
acknowledging her subservience for the week, Eric believing she accepted it. She
couldn't leave yet, her clothes were not really dry. In any case he liked having
her accessible in his dressing gown and hadn't allowed her to dress.
In the afternoon they sat together on the couch and watched a film on TV. The
dinner was gently stewing on the stove sending aromatic smells into the lounge.
Throughout the film Eric had fondled her breasts and when it ended and Eric put
her hand on his cock, she knew she was in for yet another fuck. "No Eric, no.
Not again. I'm too sore. I'm not used to it."
"Then we'll try your arse then."
"No! I will not let you. It's perverted."
Eric left the room. Nothing appeared different to Maureen when he returned but
she had her suspicions something was up. They were confirmed when Eric suddenly
grabbed her wrists and slipped a prepared noose that he'd concealed in his
pocket over them. Securing the noose, he bent Maureen over the back of the couch
and tied the free end to one of the front legs. Two more lengths of the cord
fastened her ankles to the rear legs. Maureen started to scream but a length of
packaging tape over her mouth stopped that.
"Sorry Maureen, you forgot your place. For this week you do not refuse me.
However, I thought this nice 600 mm plastic rule would work better than a belt.
They are advertised as being shatterproof so we can test out the claim. To
Maureen it looked very vicious. Not a standard school rule but a craftsman's
rule and straight-edge 50 mm wide and 4 mm thick.
Maureen visibly flinched as he whipped through the air. She could tell it would
pack a punch much more severe that his hand. "He's only trying to frighten me,"
she thought but that impression was soon dispelled as the rule struck across
both cheeks of her bottom. Her back arched up in a violent motion. Never in her
fifty years had she ever had more than a few smacks until this sadist came into
her life. A life she had tried to get rid of.
"Whaaack!" Another violent reaction. Another bright red stripe. Another line of
fire. "Whaaack!" "Whaaack!" "Whaaack!" "Whaaack!" The stripes came in quick
succession. Maureen writhed and twisted but was not able to avoid them. Tears
now rolled down her face and sobs could be heard from behind the tape.
"Well it seems the claims are true enough," Eric remarked casually, "It didn't
shatter or even crack. Now let's look at that nice little brown hole of yours."
Wincing and still struggling, Maureen tried to avoid his fingers as they pushed
the painful cheeks apart and probed her opening. "It will need lubrication,"
Eric stated as though it was an everyday occurrence. He applied a little
Vaseline to the hole and the tip of his prick, already rock hard in
anticipation.
Wet from her tears, the tape covering Maureen's mouth had loosened a little and
a few mumbled words came out. Eric could tell she was pleading with him but
ignored them. "Relax and it will be easier for you," he said but it was a while
before Maureen could even think of relaxing her sore muscles. Pushing his prick
now at her entrance he slowly forced a passage until once passed the sphincter
ring, he was able to get in all the way and start to fuck. He did it slowly at
first, but as lubrication from his pre-cum increased so did his speed. Reaching
around, he played with her clit and was surprised to find it erect. Continuing
he massaged the nub and strived to give her pleasure too.
Maureen found it less painful now he was fully in and his clit manipulation was
bringing her to a climax. A climax she tried unsuccessfully to resist. Eric
pumped his load into her, waited a few minutes for his cock to soften and then
withdrew.
"No screaming when I remove the tape," ordered Eric, "I can easily replace it
and add a few more stripes for the inconvenience." More sobs came from Maureen
but no screams. "Don't tell me the actual arse fuck caused you a great deal of
pain, Maureen, because I won't believe it. It was your refusal that caused the
pain so next time I want your bottom hole, be a little more willing." Maureen
started to disagree but thought better of it when his hand lightly smacked her
stripy flesh. "I guess you know what comes next." She guessed all right but
prayed it wouldn't happen.
"For the moment I am only going to release your ankles, then I will lay on the
floor and you will sixty-nine on top. That way you won't have my weight on your
arse. I am being considerate to you now so I hope you appreciate it." Maureen
didn't but held her tongue. Soon her face was close to his soft cock. It didn't
smell much different to when he'd had vaginal sex but just the knowledge of
where it had been put her off. Eric's tongue probed her hole and she still
hadn't sucked him.
"Do it unless you want more of the rule." The threat was enough this time.
Gingerly she took it between her lips. There was a slight taste but not bad but
she didn't suck with enthusiasm.
When it was all over, Eric cuddled and kissed her for a long while. At length be
said, "Maureen I know this must all seem very strange to you especially if you
only had very conservative sex with your husband, but at least now your life is
not empty and unfulfilled."
"Why are you doing this to me?"
"Because I enjoy having a woman to fuck. One who cannot resist. And in a way I
think you enjoy it too. Even when I arse fucked you, you were well and truly
horny."
"No." She knew though the denial was false.
"I will untie your wrists now if you promise not to do anything stupid." Maureen
nodded. "Then we'll see what is in the bathroom to soothe those welts a bit."
Again Maureen could not make head nor tail of this man. He hurt her then
supplied comfort. Did she want either? For the rest of the afternoon and
evening, she spoke only when spoken to directly and at bedtime just opened her
legs and passively lay still while he fucked. Eric fondled her for a longer but
without response. Next morning, as soon as she heard him get up and leave the
bathroom, she got herself up too and went down to breakfast. Then she wouldn't
be lying in bed and vulnerable for more sex.




Chapter 4. Escape
"I have to go to the shops this morning Maureen. Normally I wouldn't go to town
for another couple of days but I didn't allow for two of us eating, and as you
know I don't have a freezer. I should only be gone an hour. Anything you would
specially like me to get for you?"
"Just get whatever, you like," replied Maureen. "I eat most things." That was
the longest sentence he'd had from her since the previous afternoon. Perhaps she
is coming round again. Putting his arms around her shoulders and giving her a
hug and a kiss he left with a cheery, "Shan't be long."
"Nor will I," Maureen said to herself as she watched him peddle down the
driveway and along the lane. Immediately she dressed. He hadn't hidden her
clothes nor her bicycle so she wasn't a prisoner. Ten minutes later she too
cycled along the lane but her destination was Stradbury, the next village.
That night she lay alone in her own bed. She'd fixed herself only a makeshift
meal. It seemed hardly worth doing anything for one person. All day and all
evening she wondered if he would turn up on the doorstep. He's said he wouldn't.
He'd also said she could go back but would get a hiding if she did. But what did
that really mean? All he'd said was she'd have a very sore arse and an extension
to her week.
Crying in fits and starts, Maureen lay awake for what seemed most of the night
reviewing what had happened. She wondered what her daughter and grandchildren
would have said if they arrived home to find their mother had committed suicide
through loneliness. They would probably have been overcome with guilt. Had she
really wanted to do it. In the microseconds after taking what should have been
the fatal leap she wanted to jump back but it was too late. She was enveloped in
water. The nightmare of the enveloping water.
Her mind dwelt on the care he lavished on her then cut to the savage beating and
the rapes. Or were they rapes she asked herself? Her mind was in complete
turmoil. It seemed she heard the clock downstairs strike every half hour and
still she couldn't sleep. At 3.45 she got up and made tea and sat in the
armchair for an hour. Still her mind raged war with itself. Eventually she dozed
and woke at 6:02. What a coincidence she thought.
Not needing to go out for food because she still had the Christmas stock, she
pottered about the house doing little chores but every so often she had to stop
and have a cry. No one came round to see her and she felt she couldn't go out
and face the world after what she had done or at least tried to do. That evening
she had a bath and looked at her arse in the full length mirror. It still felt
tender and she could see the pale stripes the rule had made but they weren't as
vivid as they were and she could sit in relative comfort. Only if she sat down
hard on a wooden seat did she notice any pain.
That night too she lay sleepless. The debate in her mind tore her from one side
of the argument to the other. Should she stay here on her own or go and face the
punishment with Eric? In the end she tried to determine which was worse, the
mental hell she was going through now and the physical punishment she would
receive if she went back to him. But how much punishment would he give her? More
than the six on Boxing Day of that she was certain. And what other perverted
things would she be forced to perform? She'd already done anal sex even if it
was tied down and she'd been promised she would have to suck him off. Would that
be too disgusting? She knew what he tasted like from the cleaning rituals.
"Boing! Boing! Boing!" Three a.m. Maureen dressed and put on her outdoor
clothes. It was blowing quite hard and beginning to rain. The northerly wind had
turned the weather much colder. She started walking. Her cycle had no lights and
she would have longer to make up her mind. As she saw it there were three
choices. To turn back and go home; to go to Eric's and to go again to the weir.
After her last experience, the weir was rejected.
Half an hour later she stood cold and damp under the streetlight at the end of
his drive. It was a now or never decision time. Heavy rain with snow in it
started falling. The decision was made. It was too wet and cold to walk all the
way back. Bravely she rang the bell twice. A light appeared upstairs. Footsteps.
Hall light on. Outside light on and then a stooping figure shape peering through
the peephole. Door opens. "Come in Maureen, you look cold and wet again." Eric
gave her a big hug and a kiss, "Welcome home. Take your wet things off in the
kitchen" Where had she heard that before? With no heat on at that time of night,
Eric huddled Maureen upstairs and soon both were under the duvet and closely
locked in each others arms. "This is just to warm you Maureen," he laughed.
For the first time since she left this house, Maureen slept and didn't awaken
till the clock showed 8:08. Reaching out she found she was alone in bed. Padding
to the bathroom, Maureen called out, "Eric?" No reply but the aroma of coffee
wafted up the stair well. Finding the old gown she used before she went to the
kitchen. A note on the counter next to the coffee machine said, "Had to go to
town. Back about 10. Let you sleep for once. You seemed exhausted."
Sipping her coffee Maureen read the note over and over. 'Let you sleep for once'
sounded as if he was still going to be in control. How would he punish her?
When? How severe? He hadn't mentioned it last night. How long would he keep her
in suspense? Worrying about it?
*****
"Maureen?" Silence. "Not up yet? Gone again?" After dumping the shopping in the
kitchen he went upstairs. Bed empty but made. Down again, mood not good. Into
the lounge. Maureen was there. Bent naked over the back of the couch her well
presented arse still showing feint signs of its previous punishment. Alongside
lay the heavy plastic rule. No words were spoken. None were needed.
"Well dear, it just seems to be a question of how many." A shiver passed along
Maureen's body. "Six was enough for a minor refusal but running away deserves
much more. Shall we say a couple of dozen?" A wave a panic. Six tied down was
bad. Holding herself down for twenty-four would be terrible and she wasn't sure
if she could do it. She had offered herself to get it over with but now was
having second thoughts. Perhaps he would have forgotten. Perhaps he would have
just fucked her. It was too late now he'd picked up the rule.
"This will be a real test of the rule.... and you," he added. "If I have to bind
you it will be an extra dozen. And another dozen if you scream so loud I have to
gag you."
"Oh God, no." Maureen thought, "I've made a big mistake this time. I'll never
take a dozen without needing to be tied and gagged. I can't get away now
either." She heard Eric swish the rule through the air a couple of times.
"Ready?" Eric didn't wait for an answer. "WHACK!!" the rule descended with
considerable force across both buttocks. It took all Maureen's control to keep
gripping the front of the couch and only emit a controlled "Aargh!" "He'll cut
me to pieces," she thought.
Eric felt the livid raised stripe. "Tender?" he asked. Maureen only groaned. He
raised the rule again but at the last moment pulled back so it stung but hardly
marked the flesh. Before she could recover from the shock of not having the
severe pain, the third, fourth and fifth strokes followed in quick succession.
All were pulled at the last moment. Maureen wriggled. "Stay still," he
commanded.
By the twelfth she had become used to the sting. "WHACK!!" the rule again
descended hard for the 'unlucky' thirteenth. The unexpected force and pain
caused her to jerk up and cry out loudly. Her hands flew to her tortured bum
flesh almost before she realised.
"Do I tie you and give you the extras?" Eric enquired.
Despite the pain Maureen draped herself once more over the couch. The light
stinging cuts continued until the nineteenth when once again she received a full
force stroke. She half expected more hard ones after the thirteenth so was
better able to control herself .Even so it took considerable effort on her part.
Stinging cuts again until the last. Pausing for a moment to rub and feel the
three raised welts and to admire the surrounding very pink flesh he said, "Last
one."
Knowing it would be a real stinger, Maureen braced herself. She was not wrong.
It cut diagonally across the other three welts and shot fire and pain through
her whole body. Once more she jerked up and cried out. Eric gave her a few
moments to rub herself and then ordered her to bend over again.
"Please Eric, no more. You gave me the two dozen."
"Bend over!" Despondently she did so. The zzzz of a zipper. Maureen knew what he
wanted now. His cock entered. She was still a little dry and the pain was
horrible each time he touched her arse. Eric played at her entrance until
moisture flowed and then took his pleasure hard and fast. His hands squeezed her
tits and twisted her nipples. He was on a sexual high. Maureen was not far
behind.
*****
Later and calmer sitting on soft cushions and with salve on her arse they sat
drinking tea. Eric mentioned, "We have yet to discus the extension to your term
because of absence without leave."
"Shall we just make it an indefinite term Eric dear?" Maureen replied as she
hugged and kissed him.

Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





