BDSM Library - Little Girl Ass Wipes




Little Girl Ass Wipes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When a young girl has no friends, she finds new joys in a mysterious group of classmates called the AWs. A tale of perversity of the innocent with an all young girl theme.
                             LITTLE GIRL ASS WIPES
                                   Part One
                                   Chapter 1
                           Missy and Mary Sleep Over


        When Missy was invited to a sleep over with Mary she was 
absolutely thrilled. In her nine years of life she had never really 
had a friend before. Her parents had divorced when she was 5, then a 
series of foster homes due to her Mothers drug problems, following 
that her Mother convinced the courts of her sobriety, and Missy was 
returned to her. A lot of moving from school to school had left her 
alone and often unwanted. Even now her Mother found her job as a
Naked dancer and prostitute was far more important than the care of 
poor Missy, and the young girl was often left to fend for herself.
       
  Mary seemed like a dream come true to Missy. She belonged to an all 
girl group of friends that called themselves the AWs. The rumor was
it stood for Absolute Wonders, and others said, the initials stood
for Aspiring  Women, something every girl at Hillary Clinton PS
wished they were. The AWs dressed every day in matching outfits, and 
had a new outfit for every occasion, always fashionable and  chic;
the 11 girls were the envy of even those who had every advantage. For 
Missy to have been befriended by Mary, who was already 11, seemed an 
honor beyond imagining.
       
 Missy and Mary sat up late that night watching TV. Mary's Mom was
not home and not expected to be so till tomorrow. Like Missy, Mary's 
Mom was a bad mother who spent her nights drinking and sleeping 
around.No father was in Mary's life either. Mary explained all the
AWs had the same circumstance. Despite their cool outer trappings, 
every girl in the group was fatherless, and practically motherless. 
They only had each other as family it seemed.  Missy asked many 
questions about the AWs. How did they afford the outfits for one. How 
did they manage to always be the center of cool and make perfect 
grades. It seemed there was nothing they could not do. Mary smiled
and was reluctant to give details. She only answered, "its a secret" 
to most of the questions. Toward mid evening Mary finally too Missy
by both hands and lead her to the bedroom. "Would you like to be in 
the AWs Missy?" she asked.
       
 "More than anything in the world!" Missy gushed enthusiasm. "Can I? 
will they let me in?"
       

 "Its possible..." Mary said tapping her chin in thought. "But you 
can't just join up like the brownies. You have to pass a series of 
loyalty tests."
      
  "Oh Im loyal! I will pass them!" Missy nodded eagerly. "What must I 
do?"
     
   "First...." Mary began earnestly, "You must swear never to tell 
anyone outside the AWs what I'm about to show you. If you do I will 
never speak to you again and we will be enemies till you die, which I 
hope would be soon."
      
 "Cross my heart, hope to die, and may I live forever as a toad in 
hell if I do!" Missy thought of the worst self curse for betrayal she 
could muster.
      
 "Good." said Mary taking out a shoe box from under the bed. "This is 
the first step to becoming an AW." Mary opened the box and pulled
from it a large stack of Polaroid snap shots. Handing them to Missy 
one by one, her eyes opening wide with shock. Each was a shot of an
AW girl, taken from the front in some the back in others, posing with 
panties down and hands spreading open the girls private parts.
     
  Missy couldn't speak, her mouth opened in amazement. Mary calmly 
showed her the 22 pictures including 2 of herself. One front, one
back of each girl. "We pose for these as insurance. If any girl dares 
to break the secrets of AW, we have these and will use them against 
her. Every AW has copies hidden and can spread them around the school 
if any girl betrays us. Its kind of mutual disgrace and dishonor to
us all of course, but this way we dare not tell without ruining
ourselves in the bargain."
   
  Missy seemed a bit taken back at the boldness of such a compromise. 
"So to be an AW I must pose for pictures like this too?"
   
  "That's right Missy."  Mary continued. "That way even if you decide 
not to be an AW you won't tell any of our secrets. You can never be
an AW without the club photos."     
     
Missy thought of how much she wanted this. She thought of her Mother 
dancing naked on a stage somewhere. This hardly seemed different. "OK 
I will do it." Missy said. What do I do first?"
    
 Mary got the camera out of the shoe box. "Lower your panties and
hold open your piddle. Smile so I can see your face in frame..."

   
  Missy lowered her panties to the floor stepping out of them. Her 
face blushed crimson. Sitting on the bed she opened her legs and 
spread open her small pink hairless cunt. "Like this?"
 
    "Yes that's perfect!" Mary smiled snapping the picture with a 
flash and a buzz as it ejected from the camera. "Now turn over and 
spread your bottom. Look back over your shoulder. Your face must show 
in the pictures."
  
  "OK." Missy lay on her stomach spreading her ass cheeks. "I hope
its clean."
   
 "Doesn't matter if its not." giggled Mary snapping the picture. 
"There that's done. Now let me show you a fun game you can do with 
your finger and your pussy!"
   
  For the next hour Mary instructed Missy in the ways of
masturbation, which Missy found quite exciting. They looked at the 
pictures of the AW girls as they played with their clits. Missy had 
her first orgasm and Mary had several nice ones too.
    
 "Hey, come with me to the bathroom." Mary said as Missy panted from 
her orgasm in absolute bliss and surprise. 
     
"OK...that game was wonderful......"panted Missy.
   
  The two girls walked pantyless to the bathroom where Mary opened
the toilet lid and squatted on the rim so that her privates dangled 
above the bowl for Missy to see. "Watch me while I pee. Ever watch it 
come out of another girl before?"
    
 "No" giggled Missy, still intoxicated by her first orgasm and in the 
midst of discovery.
   
  Mary spread wide her legs reveling her still hairless pussy. She 
pulled it open for Missy's closer inspection. She began with a few 
dribbles then a steady stream of urine that tinkled in the water 
below. Missy watched with some curiosity. It seemed a bit much to 
watch such things, but if it pleased Mary to show her she wouldn't 
complain.
    
 Turning herself around on the toilet,  Mary now spread open her ass 
hole for missy's inspection. Looking through her legs at Missy she 
smiled broadly with a impish glint in her eye.

   
  "Ever see dodo come out of a bottom before Missy?"
    
 "Uh, no..."Missy squirmed uncomfortably at the question. "I'd rather 
not..."
  
   "Oh don't be a blintz." Mary giggled. "I want you to see it. Tell 
me you want to see dodo come out of my bottom. Please? For Me?" She 
batted her brown eyes and smiled.
  
   Missy was feeling a bit violated at the lewd display, but she had 
gone too far to refuse Mary, who seemed to have her under her spell. 
"OK. I would love to watch dodo come out of your bottom. But can I 
please hold my nose?"
   
  "As you like" smiled Mary, who now began to push with her diaphram 
and make winking motions with her tiny pink anus. Little farts 
preceded the main show, and Missy watched with some revolution as the 
pink pucker began to swell outward, and a brown glistening stool 
dangled obscenely from the young girls ever pushing bowel. The turd 
plopped in the water as Mary made grunting noises, pushing ever
looser and runnier stools out her ass to follow.
 
  "What do you think of it?" Mary grinned as she wiped her ass hole 
very close to Missy's upturned face. Missy still held tightly to her 
nose.
     
"Its disgusting." Missy said truthfully. "But I suppose if you like 
showing it to me I can get used to it."
     
 "That's the AW spirit I like to hear!" Mary said stepping from the 
john and giving her friend a hug. "Care to go and let me watch?"
   
    "I don't really need to right now." Missy blushed a deep crimson.
     
  "Next time for sure." Mary said giving Missy a wet kiss on the 
mouth. "I will teach you things you never dreamed of." Mary
whispered. "But that's enough for one night. I don't want to blow
your mind."




                                  Chapter Two
                              Pledging AW Missy

      The next day at school Missy found herself the center of 
attention among the AW girls. Till now she had only been aware of the 

group, yet only Mary had formally introduced herself. Now she was 
openly greeted by all eleven girls. The eldest was Virginia, a 6th 
grader aged 12 who was a blonde haired girl with the beginning signs 
of womanhood. Her breasts swelled slightly and her hips had begun to 
lose some of their narrowness. Another 6th grader was Annette, who
had a thick curly head of black hair a sweet smile and seemed a bit 
tom boyish. The 5th graders besides Mary were Ang, a Japanese girl 
with razor straight bangs, Judith who was middle eastern, and Lonnie 
who was a light cream colored African American girl. The 4th graders,
none of whom shared Missy's class were Mia, a Chinese girl, Sunny and
Dawn,a pair of red haired freckled twins and Sarah, a slightly pudgy 
girl with a rather wide butt for a girl her age. There was also one 
3rd grader who was a dead ringer for Shirley Temple by the name of 
Paula. Today the AWs had worn matching outfits as usual, a beautiful
electric blue dress, white leotards, and white leather strap shoes. 
They looked like a fashion show on the playground, gathered round 
their new friend, Missy. Missy was thrilled. If she could die right 
now Heaven would seem an anticlimax.
   
  "So you posed for the Club pictures?" Virginia asked with keen 
interest. "I'm so glad you did. Mary has been telling us you are just 
the right sort of Girl to be an AW."
    
 Missy blushed a little at the thought they knew of those
compromising pictures, till she remembered she had already seen them 
all in similar poses. It seemed less embarrassing at that
realization. "Oh yes I posed for them." Missy replied. I do hope you 
will let me into the club. You seem like such a nice bunch of girls."
     
"Not only that..." added Mary, "I showed her the BM duties and she 
openly accepted them. And on the first try!"
     
 "That's fantastic." said Ang. "I couldn't watch that till at least 
the third time I was asked. Missy must be a natural."
   
   The girls played during recess and Missy felt new friendships 
cementing with every passing minute. Never in her life had she known 
such happiness and acceptance. As the school bell rang Mary stopped 
her. "WE talked it over and agreed to pledge you. Its a secret 
ceremony and you must come after school today to the girl's bathroom 
on the 2nd floor. Don't tell anyone you are coming. By tonight you 
will be a pledge in the AWs and can begin to learn our secrets and 
wear the uniform. Congratulations Missy!"
    
 The hours till the end of school seemed to drag by like months. 

Finally as the final bell rang, Missy leaped from her chair her heart 
racing faster than her feet up the stairwell to the second floor.
Missy waited till the last of the children had left the floor, then 
stealthily slipped into the last girls bathroom at the far end of the 
hall. The 11 AWs stood there waiting, all smiling warmly.
 
   Together they paraded into the handicapped stall at the far end of 
the bathroom, larger to accommodate wheelchairs it fit all 12 girls 
with little room to spare. Ang stood astride the toilet and said the 
following "Today we pledge Missy Burt to the AWs. She has shown 
herself worthy of our sisterhood, and has sworn secrecy to our 
rituals. Should she ever break her silence we will seek revenge. 
Should another sister break her silence, Missy will seek revenge as 
prescribed in the secret annals of AW regulations. Do you agree to 
this Missy Burt?"
  
  "I do." Missy said.
  
   "All show the secret sign." Ang said. All 11 AW girls raised their 
skirts and lowered their leotards and panties to their knees. "Missy, 
will you join us in the secret sign?"
     
 Missy raised her dress and lowered her panties.
  
   "Good." said Ang. "Mia, please present the sacred plate." Mia took 
from her satchel a small china plate in blue glaze with gold leaf 
embossing. The letters AW in the center in fancy filagree. Ang turned 
around on the toilet and squatted as Mia placed the plate under Ang's 
white ass. Missy's eyes grew wide at the realization she was about to 
shit and she would witness it again. Ang began to push and soon
filled the plate with a yellow brown pasty shit that curled up into a 
neat swirling pile. Mia produced a golden spoon, taking from the
plate a scoop of shit and proceeded to eat it. Missy was aghast at 
what she saw. Mia handed the plate to the next girl in line who 
likewise ate a spoonful of runny turd. In turn each girl followed
till Mary held the plate before Missy, the shit all gone but for a 
single spoonful.
  
  Ang looked down from her stance on the toilet seat. "Missy, will
you agree to pledge the AWs and take of our bodies to be one with
you, to become a sister to us for all times?"
  
  Missy could not imagine a more revolting idea than to eat feces. On 
the other hand her new friend had all just done so and to join them 
she could not be insulting. She took the spoon in her trembling hand. 

The thought of throwing up was close in her fears, but desire to be
an AW was stronger. Taking the spoon she quickly swallowed the shit. 
Resisting the impulse to dry heave she smiled at her sisters.
  
 All the girls hugged her and bent down behind Missy, each parting
her ass and licking her butthole. As Ang was the last to do so she 
stood turning Missy around. "Congratulations Missy. You are a 
pledgling AW." Mary handed Missy a credit card with Missy's name on 
it. "Tonight we shop for your uniforms. Congratulations Missy my 
friend."




                                Chapter Three
                                Miss Kimberly 

     The AWs had taken the mall by storm. Missy was thrilled to find 
that her AW line of credit allowed her to shop for just about
anything her heart desired. There was of course a $10,000 dollar 
limit, but to a 9 year old that seemed like 10 million. They took her 
to the dress maker who measured her for 14 uniforms to match those of 
the other AWs. Then on to the jewelers to get an AW pledge pin in 
white gold. Next they ate at a pizza place before having an hour or
so of fun at the video arcade.  Mary doated over Missy as her find
and proto geste. 

  "Missy. Tomorrow night we will send a car round for you. It will be 
a chauffeur driven limo that will take you to meet our Cell leader. 
Her name is Miss Kimberly."
    
 "You mean that there is an adult who knows about the AWs secrets?" 
Missy said in surprise.
  
   "Not only one adult Missy." Mary explained. "The AWs are a secret 
society that has thousands of members. This is only the local cell. 
Each Cell is part of a large chapter and each chapter part of a 
national and an international organization. We have some very famous 
members in the AWs. But none are openly members of it except as young 
girls. That's how the AWs recruit. Only girls between 8 and 15 may 
join."
    
 "Wow!" Missy said with renewed respect. "And they all ate...well you 
know."
    
 "Missy, that is something you will learn. All things you thought you 
knew about being lady like and what is nasty and what isn't do not 
apply within the AWs. We live by our own rules. We live quite well

and we enjoy a bond that can be found no where else on earth." Mary
seemed to wax poetically.
   
  The following day was a Saturday and Missy's Mom was sleeping late 
from her job as a nude dancer when the bell rang at the tenement 
apartment's door. Missy was dressed in her brand new uniform as she 
answered the bell. It was a maroon velvet dress with ruffled collar, 
grey stockings and buckle shoes. The woman standing on the other side 
wore the uniform of a chauffeur complete with drivers hat and the 
initials AW imprinted on the crown of the cap. Missy left her mom a 
note saying she was going to a slumber party with her new friends,
and left a phone number of her brand new cell phone she had just 
purchased. Naturally her mom knew none of the details. They were
after all...secret.
 
  The driver escorted her down to the lobby and out to the street 
where a silver Bentley stood parked awaiting Missy.Missy could easily 
get used to this level of comfort. A complete bar extended in the 
passenger portion complete with Yoohoo cola, Koolaide and a dozen 
other non alcohol beverages. The TV showed the latest all girl groups 
singing in Bose surround sound stereo.
   
 Before Missy knew it they were out in the countryside driving
through a high walled security gated property to a lush manor house 
with 11 other identical Bentleys parked in front of it. "This must be 
the place Mary spoke of." Missy mused to herself.
  
  The door opened as the Chauffeur directed Missy to the fine arched 
doorway and rang the chime on the front door. A pretty french maid 
soon opened it and missy was lead to a grand hall with dozens of 
paintings all of little girls with the AW monogram embroidered in 
their costumes. She came to a large chamber in which the other 11 AW 
girls sat in identical maroon costumes round a central coffee table 
sipping fruit beverages. A tall regal looking woman stepped forward
to greet Missy.
     
"So nice to have you Missy." the woman said taking Missy's hand. "My 
greatest pleasure in life is the meeting of new pledges. I do so hope 
you will be happy in our group. They are my pride and joy."
    
 Missy curtsied politely to the woman. "Pleased to meet you to Mam." 
Missy took her place with her friends in a cushiony chair and awaited 
further direction.
    
  The Woman pushed a button on the consol of her unusual looking

chair and several women in french maid costumes brought out cookies 
cakes and other snacks that the girls all greedily began to consume. 
Missy took a plate and likewise began to munch on cookies and cake.
 
    "I'm Miss Kimberly." The woman said looking at Missy. "I am the 
Cell Coordinator of this chapter of the AWs. Please feel free to ask 
any questions you have about our group."
 
    Missy feeling rather shy said nothing but smiled politely.
  
  "Since there are no questions let us begin the meeting." Miss 
Kimberly stood, and proceeded to remove her panties putting them on 
the coffee table. The other Girls did likewise, and seeing this Missy 
followed their example.   All the girls sat back down but remained 
with legs wide open exposing their pussies as if to proudly display 
them. Missy feeling a bit more modest sat cross legged. She noticed 
that Miss Kimberly's pussy was quite hairy, and she had never before 
seen an adult woman posed with her pink gash wide spread. The girls 
continued eating their snacks as did Missy, though feeling a bit less 
hungry due to the odd circumstance.
   
 The unusual chair in which Miss Kimberly sat was odd for 2 reasons. 
The place where one put ones bottom was cut out of the chair, and a 
smaller lower chair was attacked below the opening to the same
swivel. It also was quite luxurious looking with patent leather 
cushions and a consol of buttons on the arm rest.
 
  "Who's turn is it to sit in the seat of Honor?" Miss Kimberly
smiled looking at the girls with legs sprawled open.
 
  "It's Paula's." answered Virginia. (Paula was the youngest girl who 
looked like Shirley Temple).Paula rose to her feet and went to Miss 
Kimberlies special chair, climbing into the lower seat so that her 
face was directly behind the woman's hairy ass crack. Paula spread 
open the cheeks for all the girls to see, and Missy was a bit 
surprised to note that her bottom looked quite unclean. Miss 
Kimberly's ass hairs looked matted and filthy with dried dung. Not 
missing a beat young Paula began to lick up and down the gross filthy 
ass hole, as if a mother cat cleaning her kitten. Her tongue darted
in and out of the purplish pucker, her lips tugged at the bits of 
dried shit clinging to the ass hairs. Little Paula's mouth became 
brown streaked and wet dribbles of brown saliva ran down her chin.
 
   "Ahhh that's nice Paula" praised Miss Kimberly. She pressed a
button on her consol and a large video screen lowered from the 

ceiling. "Today girls I have a short video from our sister AWs in Los 
Angeles. The feature is named "Ass hole Casserole" and stars Buffy 
Buttsucker and Ana Lingus as well as other girls in supporting roles. 
Feel free to lick each other or play with yourselves during the 
video."
     
  The video began with two girls about 10 playing with Barbies on the 
front lawn of a nice suburban street. A Mini Van pulled up and a
woman rolled down the window. "Excuse me girls. Can you help me? Im 
trying to find the Burton School. I have it on my ondash map here in 
my van, but I am lost and can't find it."
   
 The girls stood walking to the car. "We go there. Its easy to find. 
Its about 12 blocks from here" said Buffy (an Asian girl with shiny 
eyes.)
  
 "Can you climb in my van and show me on the dashboard map? Its one
of those satellite directed thingies, I can't quite figure it out." 
said the woman."
     
 The girls went round to the passenger side and climbed in. Suddenly 
the van sped away as the camera faded to the next scene. Now the two 
little girls were tied spread eagle on a table side by side. Around 
them were about a dozen women dressed in black leather outfits.  The 
little girls were crying and obviously afraid.
    
 Watching the video the AW girls began to move out of their seats. 
Some went between another friends legs licking her pussy.  Still 
others lay on pads provided on the floor while a second girl stooped 
down placing her bare ass to the lying girls open mouth and 
masturbating as she licked it. Missy watched in wonder as the twin
red heads Dawn and Sunny took up such a position as Dawn snaked her
tongue deep in and out of her sisters wet butthole.
  
 Meantime in the video Muffy and Ana were being sexually assaulted by 
the 12 women dressed in leather. First hot wax was poured on their 
pussies. Then the women pulled down their pants and as one would
force the little girls mouth open, a second would stand over her on 
the table and release copious quantities of half firm diarrhea in the 
girls mouth as she begged and gagged.The women took turns filling the 
two little girls mouths with shit, till both of them lay in a huge 
pile of it coating their faces and hair, gasping for air.
  
 As a final insult the woman who had kidnaped them mashed her fat
arse into Muffy's face and ordered her to lick it clean. A near 

impossible task due to the shit already thickly coating the little 
girls face. Muffy sobbing with tears that sounded real dutifully 
licked the sticky shitty ass till it was clean. Ana was likewise 
forced to lick the shit from the other 11 women's ass holes before
the two children were untied.
 
   Missy watched in absolute disbelief. Could this be what the AWs 
were all about? Really sick girlgirl sex? Her heart raced and she 
felt confusion. Worse yet she felt aroused. She looked down to find 
Mary pushing her legs open. "Come on Missy" she coxed, "let me suck 
you off All the other girls are having fun but you. Just relax. Open 
your mind. Let it happen."
   
 "Mary I..." Missy was confused but didn't resist as Mary's tongue 
entered her creamy pee hole. Lying back she felt a rush of pleasure 
she had never known.

                                            To be continued....




 * a brief summery of part one. Missy, a girl with neglectful parents joins an
all girl club she meets in her grade school. They turn out to be part of a
secret organization run by perverted lesbians who make shit videos with little
girls as the stars. As chapter 4 begins, Missy and the other 11 members of the
local Cell of the AWs (Ass Wipes) are at the stately Mansion of Miss Kimberly,
their Cell Coordinator, who is showing them sick videos of two little girls
being forced to eat the shit of 12 full grown women. Missy, new to the group is
shocked, while the other 11 girls are enjoying it and performing sex on one
another. 


                             Little Girl Ass Wipes
                                by Mia Sharona    
                                  Part Two
                                Chapter Four

                               The Video Biz

    Missy held Mary's head as the 11 year old expertly tongue massaged her tight
folds and tiny clit. Her former inhibition began to wain and she allowed her to
enjoy the moment as she continued watching the video "Ass Hole Cassarole" which
was being shown on the large video screen of Miss Kimberlies Play room somewhere
in the countryside within her stately secluded manor house.

    On screen little Muffy and Ana were untied from their bonds and allowed to
rise. Both were shitty messes coated practically head to toe, and quite naked.
"Get back in the Van" The lady kidnaper ordered.

   "Please don't kill us." Begged Ana. "We did everything you told us to."

   The evil woman laughed, driving them instead to a near-by mall and pulling
over. "Get out and walk home!" she barked, auto-opening the sliding side door.

    The two naked shit covered girls did not have to be asked twice. They ran as
fast as they could as the van sped away. Naked and sobbing the two children were
too embarrassed to ask for help. Hiding as best they could between cars they ran
back toward their homes a mile or so away. Crossing the streets was particularly
humilating, and at one point they turned a corner to encounter a group of boys
playing on the sidewalk  who laughed and jeered at them. Running as fast as
possible they escaped them, and finally an hour later were home again at Muffy's
house.


     When Muffy's Mother saw them she was shocked beyond belief. Quickly
ushering them into the house she showered them. She dialed up Ana's Mother who
within minutes had picked up her daughter and taken her home. Muffy lay in her
bed, wrapped in clean white towels, her mother beside her stroking her shiny
black hair.

    "Are you ok Muffy?" her mother said stroking and soothing her daughter.

   "Yes Mother." Muffy said hugging her Mom.

   "Good." Her mother said rising to her feet. Her Mom suddenly lowered her
pantyhose and stepped out of them. She turned her white asian ass to her
daughters face. "Please to now lick my ass hole as you did for those other
women."

    Looking preplexed, Muffy pushed her moms ass cheeks open and began to lick
the bulging butthole  as her face once again filled with shit.  The End appeared
over the video as the lights in the room came up.

    The little girls of the AW around the room applauded with glee. Ang rose
from where she was being butt reamed by the younger  asian girl Mia's tongue.
"Miss Kimberly. That was wonderful! How much money did the video bring at
market?"

    Miss Kimberly who was enjoying having her own hairy arse sucked by the
youngest AW girl Paula, smiled and replied. "1.3 million. The Los Angeles
chapter remain  the highest grossing AWs in the world. They now have a club fund
of close to 45 million dollars."

    "And what is our club fund now Miss Kimberly?" Ask Virginia, who had
concluded sucking the pussy of her friend Annette, who had obviously cum all
over Virginia's face and left it smeared with cream.

    Miss Kimberly rolled her eyes, putting a finger to her chin in thought. "Our
private account in Switzerland now comes to 28.2 million." But our last video
only netted a little over 300,000. That's why we need new blood. Once your face
becomes too familiar, the collectors tire of it. That's where Missy can help
us."

    All the girls looked over at Missy who was so deeply into what Mary was
doing to her pussy she had closed her eyes and failed to notice everyone else
had stopped playing.

   "Oh Missy.....Earth to Missy!" teased Annette. "You have time to play later.
How about a little club business right now?"

    Mary stopped licking and smiled up at the panting sweating girl who now
opened her eyes. Missy blushed and looked around. "Huh? Did I do something
wrong?"


    All the girls giggled. "No."  said Miss Kimberly. "You are doing it exactly
right. Now what we would like to invite you to do makes that seem like a ride on
a tricycle compared to Disneyland."

    "What do you want me to do?" Missy said breathless, wiping her dripping
thighs with a napkin.

    "WE want you to be the star of our next video." said Mary. "Miss Kimberly
has been planning it for weeks. Its called "Girls School Stool"

    "You want me to be in a movie like we just watched?" Missy fell back in her
chair somewhat dismayed.

    "Where do you think all the money comes from to pay for all the perks in the
AWs?" smiled Miss Kimberly, who helped young Paula up from the special chair,
her little face streaked brown around her mouth from the lengthy butt licking
she had given the older lady. "We make shit videos and sell them over a secret
world wide network. They go for 1000 dollars a piece and we can't keep new
titles in stock they are so popular."

    Mary took Missy's hands. "You have to do it. We need you. I need you. We are
ranked 3rd in the AW Cells world wide. Los Angeles and New York have Cells ahead
of ours. You could be the star that propels us to number 1!"

    Missy looked around the room. All eyes seemed to drill into her, pleading
with her in their stare. "I would have to let girls shit on me?" She stammered.

   "Its fun really!" said Sunny and Dawn in Unison.

   "We do it together...." started Sunny.
  
     "Every day at home." finished Dawn.

     "Think of it as your final to be a full fledged member of the Aws" said
Mary. "And think of all the grand things you can buy. You get 10% of the
proceeds as star of a film. As supporting actresses we only get 1%. If you had
starred in the movie you just watched, you could  afford to buy your Mom a new
house."

   Missy couldn't resist the thought. "Wow." she said. "OK, for that kind of
money I'd be a fool to say no!"

   The other girls all rose and gave Missy a group hug.


    "Fantastic!" Miss Kimberly exclaimed. "We can begin tonight right after
dinner."


    The Girls followed Miss Kimberly into a long ornate dinning room. A long
table with settings and a variety of foods was laid out before them.  All of the
dishes were favorites of little girls. Hamburgers, spaggetti, rice-a-roni, fried
chicken, pizza. Sugary soft drinks and sweets abounded as side dishes. Not a
vegetable or a frumpy sounding french cuisine was in sight. The girls fell on
the food as though they hadn't eaten in weeks. Missy had likewise rarely been
treated to such a variety of favorites, and quickly found herself eating a 3rd
plate full.

    All feeling stuffed they sat back with a feeling of pure contentment. Miss
Kimberly rose from her chair at the head of the table and spoke. "Now on to
business. The cookies and cake we had prior to the meal were laced with a
special laxative. In about half an our the food you just ate will need to come
out the back side of you. You won't expereience any cramping, and it won't run
like water, but we will need to be ready for shooting shortly there after as you
won't be able to hold back long."

    Miss Kimberly bade they follow her to a dressing room where Catholic School
girl Uniforms were hung in front of 12 lighted mirrors and dressers. "Dress
quickly and meet me in the set. FiFi the maid will direct you. I must go and
prepare the camera girls and sound equipment."

    Missy found a mirror with her name above it and began to change into the
simple white shirt, the plad green skirt, the white knee sox and black penny
loafers. She combed her hair, brushed her teeth and began to feel a little more
at ease. Still the fear of what was coming pressed on the back of her mind.

   FiFi the french maid beconned the girls to follow quickly. They walked down a
long hallway to an outside door, across a long lawn to a warehouse looking
building in the back. Opening the door, was like a glimpse inside hollywood. The
interior was a vast sound stage with several sets, track lighting, hundreds of
cables and mikes, cameras and special dollys and lifts. It was like Missy had
stepped into MGM and she was the star.

   Miss Kimberly stood in tall brown boots, riding trousers a tan blouse, a
yellow neckerchief and a beret looking exactly as one expected a director to
dress. Arounder her various women scampered about setting up cameras and sound
equipment, looking busy.


   "This way to the set girls." Miss Kimberly instructed. The set was a
realistic looking classroom, complete with slate board, desks, paper drawings
and projects tacked to a bullitan board, tile floors and a sink and coat room in
the back. Standing there was a Woman dressed as a Nun in full traditional black
and white cassac and froc. The nun looked quite familiar to Missy.

     "Is that you Miss Ashcroft?" Missy was aghast. It was in fact Missy's real
4th grade teacher.

    "That's correct Missy." Im a AW same as you." smiled Miss Ashcroft.. "In
fact I scouted you and first suggested your name for membership. A lot of school
teachers are AW members. Its the best job for screening potential members."

    Miss Kimberly gave last minute instructions. "Girls take your places. Ad lib
your lines, just pretend you are in a girls school and play it by ear. Miss
Ashcroft will prompt you what to do, and you just follow what comes natural.
Missy, don't worry if its unpleasant at first. If you have to throw up, go
ahead. Your natural distress sells videos. Be brave and you will shine like a
blue diamond."

                                                   Chapter Five
                                               Missy Gets Messy

    The 12 girls took their places at the desks provided. A bell rang and Miss
Kimberly shouted "OK, action!"

    Miss Ashcroft strolled about at the black board. "Good Morning Class. We are
welcoming a new student today. Little Miss Missy, whom comes to us from a
secular school and no doubt need a stronge education in the ways we do things
here at St. Hillary."

    All the girls tittered with laughter and looked at Missy, who squirmed and
felt quite shy.

    "Missy, stand for us now please" The Nun directed sternly. "Recite for us
the 3rd prayer to St. Francis please."

   Missy looked around as every one stared at her. "Who me? I...I don't know
it." she stammered.

    "You DON"T KNOW IT?" Miss Ashworth stormed in anger. "Girls, this little
ceaton doesn't know her prayers!"

    There was a hushed murmer among the girls of the classroom. Virgina stood
and spoke. "Please Sister, its time for our break. We really need to go to the
bathroom Mam."


    "Well we haven't time for that now!" The Sister continued anger unabaited.
"We have a girl here who lacks proper instruction!" The girls of the class began
wiggling their legs in real discomfort. The laxative indeed had kicked in. 

       Miss Ashworth turned again to poor Missy, who by now was unable to hold
her bowel in the midst of all the excitement. Suddenly her panties filled with
shit which quickly found the seems and began dribbling down her legs. Miss
Ashworth's Eyes grew wide with anger.

    "What's this?" The Nun demanded grabbing Missy's hand and dragging her to
the front of the classroom. Miss Ashworth yanked up the back of missy's skirt
reveling her bulging brown panties, which continued to overflow. At the sight of
it several little girls moaned and held their stomachs in similar discomfort.
"This insolant child has soiled herself! And she has ruined the aroma of
chastity in this class!"

    Several little girls raised their hands at once. Mia spoke. "OH please
sister! We must have eaten something bad at lunch! Please let us be dismissed to
go to the toilet!"

   The Nun looked around the class at the girls biting lips and gritting teeth.
Lifting Missy to the desk the Nun layed her out on her back. "Any child wishing
to use the toilet may do so. But only in the face of this insolent child!"

   "What do you mean sister?" Ang inquired looking preplexed.

   "Like this!" said the Nun, climbing on the chair, stepping on the desk,
raising her cassic and lowering her panties. She then squatted in Missy's face
and began to urinate.
Missy sputtered and gave a shreek of surprise, trying to ward off the piss with
her hands. The Nun, grabbed Missy's arms pinning them to the desk as she
continued. Holding her large plaster white ass close to Missy's face she began
to shit.

   Missy could only look up in horror at what unfolded. The crack of Miss
Ashworth's ass was purplish and obscene.  The bulging pucker seemed to vomit out
half firm blobs of brown bile. Missy opened her mouth to scream but it was
filled with shit. She spat only to have it filled again. The masses of shit
overflowed all over her face and down her white blouse. She felt it oozing down
into her ears. The taste was acidic and vile, and her nose was assaulted by
odors beyond belief.

    The Nun rose from her place lowering her gown. She stepped from the desk
allowing Missy to wipe the shit from her eyes and face with her hands. "All
girls who need to go may form a line by the desk. Any girl who soils herself
will take Missy's place!"


   Quickly all 11 girls formed a line, holding their bottoms to avoid a nasty
accident. Miss Ashworth held Missy down as Virginia climbed the chair and
stepped over Missy's face. Virginia squatted and pulled down her white panties.
"Sorry Missy. I have to go. can't help it."

    Missy sobbed as she looked up into Virginia"s ass. Again she watched as the
piss splattered down her neck and the pink pucker bloomed out with a brown bulge 
that quickly errupted all over her in a farty bloop! As all the girls had eaten
quite a lot and the laxitive had done its job, Virginia's bowel empied a large
amount very quickly. Rising up, still holding her ass cheeks apart, Virginia
stepped down and stood by the blackboard.

    "Don't put your panties back up yet!" Warned the Nun. You haven't been wiped
yet."

    "Yessum." Virginia said, trying to hold her ass cheeks apart as they still
burned. The next child took her place over poor Missy. It was Mary this time.
Mary lowered her panties and placed her ass close to Missy's face.

    "Hey girl. How you holding out?" Mary smiled down at her friend.

    "It's awful." sobbed Missy. "But go ahead. lets get it over with."

    "If you can get used to swallowing it its not so bad after a while. Try it.
You'll get used to it faster. try to relax." Mary coached.

   Missy dutifully opened her mouth to accept Mary's diarrea. The first squirt
filled her mouth to the brim overflowing. Missy closed her mouth and swallowed.
The slimy shit slid down her throat as she opened accepting a second mouthful.
Even though it tasted awful the second mouthful seemed to be less pungent. As
Mary had suggested, she seemed to be getting used to it so she swallowed again.

   "Look at the little shit sucking sinner!" Miss Ashworth chided. "She likes
it. She loves sucking the shit out of little girl bottoms!"

    Missy opened her eyes with shit coated lashes, peering out. "No
sister...Honest I don't like it!" Missy sobbed.

   "Too bad child. You have  another 8 assholes to suck!" The Nun laughed

                                                         to be continued......




                              Chapter Five
                            Missy Gets Messy

    The 12 girls took their places at the desks provided. A bell rang and Miss
Kimberly shouted "OK, action!"

    Miss Ashcroft strolled about at the black board. "Good Morning Class. We are
welcoming a new student today. Little Miss Missy, whom comes to us from a
secular school and no doubt need a stronge education in the ways we do things
here at St. Hillary."

    All the girls tittered with laughter and looked at Missy, who squirmed and
felt quite shy.

    "Missy, stand for us now please" The Nun directed sternly. "Recite for us
the 3rd prayer to St. Francis please."

   Missy looked around as every one stared at her. "Who me? I...I don't know
it." she stammered.

    "You DON"T KNOW IT?" Miss Ashworth stormed in anger. "Girls, this little
ceaton doesn't know her prayers!"

    There was a hushed murmer among the girls of the classroom. Virgina stood
and spoke. "Please Sister, its time for our break. We really need to go to the
bathroom Mam."


    "Well we haven't time for that now!" The Sister continued anger unabaited.
"We have a girl here who lacks proper instruction!" The girls of the class began
wiggling their legs in real discomfort. The laxative indeed had kicked in. 

       Miss Ashworth turned again to poor Missy, who by now was unable to hold
her bowel in the midst of all the excitement. Suddenly her panties filled with
shit which quickly found the seems and began dribbling down her legs. Miss
Ashworth's Eyes grew wide with anger.

    "What's this?" The Nun demanded grabbing Missy's hand and dragging her to
the front of the classroom. Miss Ashworth yanked up the back of missy's skirt
reveling her bulging brown panties, which continued to overflow. At the sight of
it several little girls moaned and held their stomachs in similar discomfort.
"This insolant child has soiled herself! And she has ruined the aroma of
chastity in this class!"

    Several little girls raised their hands at once. Mia spoke. "OH please
sister! We must have eaten something bad at lunch! Please let us be dismissed to
go to the toilet!"

   The Nun looked around the class at the girls biting lips and gritting teeth.
Lifting Missy to the desk the Nun layed her out on her back. "Any child wishing
to use the toilet may do so. But only in the face of this insolent child!"

   "What do you mean sister?" Ang inquired looking preplexed.

   "Like this!" said the Nun, climbing on the chair, stepping on the desk,
raising her cassic and lowering her panties. She then squatted in Missy's face
and began to urinate.
Missy sputtered and gave a shreek of surprise, trying to ward off the piss with
her hands. The Nun, grabbed Missy's arms pinning them to the desk as she
continued. Holding her large plaster white ass close to Missy's face she began
to shit.

   Missy could only look up in horror at what unfolded. The crack of Miss
Ashworth's ass was purplish and obscene.  The bulging pucker seemed to vomit out
half firm blobs of brown bile. Missy opened her mouth to scream but it was
filled with shit. She spat only to have it filled again. The masses of shit
overflowed all over her face and down her white blouse. She felt it oozing down
into her ears. The taste was acidic and vile, and her nose was assaulted by
odors beyond belief.

    The Nun rose from her place lowering her gown. She stepped from the desk
allowing Missy to wipe the shit from her eyes and face with her hands. "All
girls who need to go may form a line by the desk. Any girl who soils herself
will take Missy's place!"


   Quickly all 11 girls formed a line, holding their bottoms to avoid a nasty
accident. Miss Ashworth held Missy down as Virginia climbed the chair and
stepped over Missy's face. Virginia squatted and pulled down her white panties.
"Sorry Missy. I have to go. can't help it."

    Missy sobbed as she looked up into Virginia"s ass. Again she watched as the
piss splattered down her neck and the pink pucker bloomed out with a brown bulge 
that quickly errupted all over her in a farty bloop! As all the girls had eaten
quite a lot and the laxitive had done its job, Virginia's bowel empied a large
amount very quickly. Rising up, still holding her ass cheeks apart, Virginia
stepped down and stood by the blackboard.

    "Don't put your panties back up yet!" Warned the Nun. You haven't been wiped
yet."

    "Yessum." Virginia said, trying to hold her ass cheeks apart as they still
burned. The next child took her place over poor Missy. It was Mary this time.
Mary lowered her panties and placed her ass close to Missy's face.

    "Hey girl. How you holding out?" Mary smiled down at her friend.

    "It's awful." sobbed Missy. "But go ahead. lets get it over with."

    "If you can get used to swallowing it its not so bad after a while. Try it.
You'll get used to it faster. try to relax." Mary coached.

   Missy dutifully opened her mouth to accept Mary's diarrea. The first squirt
filled her mouth to the brim overflowing. Missy closed her mouth and swallowed.
The slimy shit slid down her throat as she opened accepting a second mouthful.
Even though it tasted awful the second mouthful seemed to be less pungent. As
Mary had suggested, she seemed to be getting used to it so she swallowed again.

   "Look at the little shit sucking sinner!" Miss Ashworth chided. "She likes
it. She loves sucking the shit out of little girl bottoms!"

    Missy opened her eyes with shit coated lashes, peering out. "No
sister...Honest I don't like it!" Missy sobbed.

   "Too bad child. You have  another 8 assholes to suck!" The Nun laughed

                                                         to be continued......




* Parts 1 and 2 of our story saw Missy, a 9 year old girl join the chic and
fashionable all girl club the AWs. All its members were grade school girls with
a lot of money and style. They also all seemed to lack any supervision by their
parents. Missy discovered they had some rather kinky secret ceremonies, which
included eating shit and watching little girl scat videos. Missy agreed to star
in one such video and found herself in the private studio being shit on by her
4th grade teacher dressed as a nun, her 11 grade school aged girl friends, while
being filmed by an all woman lesbian camera crew directed by their Club Leader
Miss Kimberly.

                               Chapter Six
                             Missy the Star

    Lying beneath the 5th girl on the desk in the set of the classroom, Missy
began to feel ashamed. She had already allowed her Teacher Miss Ashworth and 3
of her new friends to use her mouth as a toilet. Already moist semi-firm
excrement lay about her hair and blouse, and coated her face especially around
her mouth. Her own panties were filled with shit that seemed very squishy
between her asscheeks and up her vaginal crack. On Mary's encouragement, she had
started swallowing some of it as it erupted out of the little girls assholes, in
an attempt to get used to the disgusting job as a matter of professionalism. She
no longer squirmed to avoid it as Mia squatted down and placed her straining
anus near Missy's wide open mouth. Though deeply ashamed, she would not show it.
She would take it and show her friends she was worthy of their trust.

    "Ayee!" Mia said letting fly with an explosion of farts and runny stool into
Missy's mouth. It quickly filled to over-flowing as Missy choked down another
swallow. Mia looked down between her legs as she continued to allow a long rope
of brown bile to cover Missy's face from forehead to chin. "You like?" the sweet
Japanese Mia grinned down, her eyes sparkling with merriment. "It not so bad.
Taste like mung bean and curd soup to me. Only it really tongue bean and turd
soup." Mia laughed at her little pun.

   The Twins Sunny and Dawn were always featured together as part of their
novelty, and both girls mounted the desk next at once. Standing on either side
of Missy's head they lowered their naked white butts together above Missy's
face. Looking up she saw two identical assholes parallel to her eyes just above
her still sputtering mouth. By now the shit was piling up around her face and
she constantly had to clear her nose to breath. They smiled down at her with
their pearly white teeth, their china blue eyes and curly blond hair. "You know,
you are the best pledge we have had in some time." whispered Dawn.

  "Yeah" added Sunny. "By now most new girls are puking and begging to go home."
With that they splattered her in a twin fountains of fast running shit geysers,
burying Missy till her face was no longer even visible in any part. Missy
sputtered and gagged, pushing enough shit from her face to gulp a little air
before being buried again by more shit..
 

  Missy rose up as the twins climbed down from the desk. Shit dribbled down the
front of her catholic schoolgirl uniform. Her hair was thickly matted in it and
her face a gooey mess. Although none could see it through the brown mush she was
weeping. "How much more?" missy's voice trembled.

  Lying back down she went into a semi trance. Ass after ass, mouthful after
mouthful of shit, till at last she felt hands shaking her and pulling her
upright. "Missy? Missy? We are done. Congratulations you took all 12 of us!"
Miss Ashworth beamed , looking angelic in her Nun's habit.

     Missy rubbed the shit from her eyes staring round the room. The cameras
were still rolling, Miss Kimberly the director sat in her folding cloth chair
with a riding crop in her snatch and her pants at the tops of her riding boots.
 
 "Cut." Miss Kimberly shouted. "Very good girls. That was top shelf material.
But we need a climax to the film now.."

  "Not more shitting on me.." Missy begged.

  "No sweetie." said Miss Kimberly. None of the Cast have any left. You ate
about half of it. It was absolutely amazing. I've never seen a girl so small eat
so much shit in one shooting. And all in a continuous take. The guys who buy
this stuff look for cuts in film as a sign of time lapse. They pay more if its a
continuos shot."
 
  Walking around the set with pants still at her knees Miss Kimberly looked at
the massive pile of shit dripping from the school desk. She looked at the 11
girls still holding up their skirts with their bottoms still runny and unwiped. 
She looked at the Nun and at last little Missy, who more resembled a New Guinea
Mudman than a little girl.

   "OK. Miss Ashworth. In the next scene you lick Missy clean, including her own
shit she still carries in her pants. You direct the girls to form a circle
around you,  ass to mouth to ass to mouth in a chain, and lick each others
assholes clean. That seems like a grand conclusion to the movie."

  "Oh Goodie!" the AW girls exclaimed as the camera again began to roll.

   Miss Ashworth clapped her hands together. "Girls. Young Missy has taken her
penance and is forgiven. Let us never forget,..."

   "Cleanliness is next to Godliness." all the girls said in unison.
 
 "Very good. Now I will clean little Messy Miss Missy as part of my duties as
the adult present. You girls may form a circle around us and clean the girl
ahead of you with your mouth. Make sure you leave no trace of brown in or out of
her pucker. We wouldn't want your girl friend to get a sore bottom from poor
wiping would we?"


   "No Miss Ashworth." the girls again said in unison. The Nun set a chair in
the empty space near the blackboard and lead Missy by the hand.
  
 "Kneel in the chair child." The Nun directed.

    Missy put her knees on the seat and held the back of the chair against her
breast, leaning forward. Miss Ashworth lifted the young girls brown streaked
plaid green dress revealing panties once white, but long since fully stained in
yellow and brown. Shit was beginning to dry around the leg openings and the rear
panel bulged with a  puss full load.

  "Ahh what beauty." The Nun marveled as she slowly lowered the messy garment to
the child knees. Missy's ass was much like her face. Absolutely caked with a
half inch of mushy yellowish brown shit that had long since plastered itself to
her skin. The Nun leaned forward burying her face in the mess, slurping, sucking
and chewing. Her hands, her face and her uniform quickly became covered in
sliding dribbles and sloppy brown trails of slime blobs. "Oh its delicious." she
moaned.
 
 The 11 other children formed a ring around Missy and the Nun, as each child  on
her knees bent forward to part the ass cheeks of the child ahead of her with her
hands. Soon they were deeply tonguing each others shitty assholes in an unbroken
daisy chain. As the Camera panned away Miss Kimberly orgasmed.."OOOOOOOhhhhhhhh!
Cut! CUT! My goodness!" A cheer rose from the entire camera crew. Comments
murmured round the room. "Best ever!" and "Award winning." and "A masterpiece!"




                              Chapter Seven
                               Missy's Mom

    After a shower and a change back into her uniform Missy felt more herself
again. Her new friends were impressed with her and she felt warm and wanted
again. That night was a lot of fun playing all kinds of sucking games as all 12
AWs and Miss Kimberly slept together naked in a giant round bed. Missy awoke the
next day to a lavish breakfast, and said her goodbyes to her friends, returning
to the Bentley which drove her back to the inner city housing project where she
lived.
  
 Missy used her latch key to enter the apartment.. It was a small 2 bedroom
affair rather run down with roaches and a pile of dirty dishes in the sink. She
walked down the threadbare carpeted hallway toward her tiny bedroom. Looking in
her Mom's bedroom as she passed it, her Mom lay spralled on her stomach on the
bed. She was still dressed in her work cloths, a half empty bottle of champagne
sat tilted on the bed stand. Moms skirt was hiked up and Missy had a clear view
of her Mom's upturned naked ass.
 
 Whatever Job Missy's Mom had done last night, she had at some point lost her
panties it seemed. Missy stared at the upturned lily white arse. Missy thought
back on the video, and the nights passion with the other girls in Miss
Kimberly's bed. She thought of how many pussy's and assholes she had licked last
night and how often she had cum while doing it.
 

Sneaking into her Moms room Missy crept up for a closer look at her Mothers Ass.
The way mom was lying,  a clear view of her hairy anus was easily seen. Missy
studied it. Her ass hole looked very red and swollen, not like those of Miss
Kimberly and the little girls. It was also quite crusted with a yellowish slime
that didn't look like shit. Missy couldn't imagine what this might be. Her
Mother still snoring let out a fart, and a blob of whitish yellowish slime oozed
out of her ass hole down her pussy. Missy gently parted her Mom's butt cheeks to
get a better look at what it might be. With the touch her Mom stirred from her
sleep.

  "Huh?" Her mom rose up and turned over. "Oh its you Missy..." she mumbled.
Moms mascara was rather smeared and her lipstick was a mess. "Get Mommy her
cigarettes darling." She grimaced as she sat on the bed pulling down her skirt.
"Oh dear my ass hurts."

  "What happened to you Mommy?" Missy enquired with concern.

   "Oh nothing really." her Mom lit the cigarette. "Occupational Hazard. I
worked a shriners convention last night and got some nice tips. But they were
rather hard on Mommy's bottom."
  
 "Mommy it looked all red and infected." missy said with concern. "Shall I get
the medical kit?"
  
"Some hemorrhoid ointment might be of some help." her Mom mused as she puffed on
the Marlboro.

  Missy quickly found the tube in the medicine cabinet marked hemorrhoid and
brought it to her Mom.

  "Let me put it on for you mommy. You still look sick." Missy said gently.

 "Hung over is more like it." Her Mom muttered chain lighting the next cigarette
and snuffing the first into a half glass of stale wine on the bed stand.

   "You can put it on Mommy's bottom if you like. Be careful. Its very tender
right now." Her Mom turned over and parted her cheeks and thrusting her ass into
the air for easy access.
 
 As Missy began to apply the ointment she touched the swollen anus with the tube
tip by accident, causing Mom to make an involuntary yelp of pain. At that same
moment she let out an enormous fart and the spunk and goo within her bowel
propelled out into Missy's face. Not a great deal of it, but enough to startle
the child.

   Her Mom quickly turned and blushed in embarrassment at the accidental
discharge. "Oh honey, Mommy is sooo sorry! Let me get a towel and clean it off
of you."


  Before her mother could make a move Missy scooped up the largest blob and put
it in her mouth, tasting it as though it might be edible.

   Her Mom sat in shock, dumfounded. "Missy?!? Why did you put that awful stuff
in your mouth?"

 Missy looked at her Mom with a glint of lust she had never before seen in a
young girls eyes.
"Oh Mommy. I like it. Mommy, please, let me have more of it."

  Her mom sat slack jawed unable to speak.

 "Oh Mommy, please, let me suck it from your ass hole. Please! Pretty please!
Pretty please with sugar on it!" Missy licked her mouth as if searching for more
to eat.
  
 Suddenly her Mom saw some possibilities here. Maybe she wouldn't have to hook
anymore. Maybe she could put her daughter to work and she could stay home and
rake in the money. Did this child have some natural perversion she had
overlooked? Maybe she could put Missy to work and she could retire....
  
 Putting out the cigarette, her mom studied her daughter carefully. "Let me get
this straight Missy. You want...to suck old cum out of your own Mothers ass
hole? You know its mixed up with shit too don't you?"
  
Missy nodded up and down. "Oh I don't mind the shit mommy. I like to eat it now.
And when I suck your ass hole it makes me feel soo good down in my cunny! Please
Mommy. Let me do it!"
 
  Mom stood up and tapped her chin with her index finger. "Missy, Im going to
grant your request. But first mommy is going to set up the video camera. Mommy
has thought of a good way to make some money from this keen idea."
  
"Oh you mean selling video tapes?" Missy smiled. "I bet you could get a thousand
dollars for one. Don't you?"

 Mom didn't stop to reason how her child derived of what she had herself just
schemed, but she quickly got out the video camera, opened the blinds and set it
on the dresser and focused it toward the bed. Missy lay down there and smiled
back into the camera. "OK mommy. Just sit over me and we can make movies
together. What fun!"

  Mom could hardly believe her good luck. To have a kinky daughter who liked
perverse sex was a potential gold mine. She envisioned a palace on the Rivera
with servants bringing her carved mirrors covered in lines of coke.
 

 Climbing on the bed mom hiked up her skirt looking down at her smiling baby
girl. "Ok Missy. Here goes." She squatted over Missy's mouth as the child began
to gently lick her swollen cum encrusted anus. "Careful honey, its still tender.
50 men fucked that ass hole last night."
 
 "Ok Mommy. Maybe you can just push it out. I won't try and touch it." Missy
offered.

    Mommy began to push her bowel which was quite full of cum. As well she had
eaten liberal amounts of bean burritos at the party along with natchos and
chili. By now she was quite full. Missy dutifully thrust out her tongue and
opened wide to catch any and all that may spew forth.
She didn't have to wait long. The first dribbles of yellowish cum mixed with
shit erupted mixed with a series of gassy farts, that plastered missy's face and
coated the interior of her mouth and tongue. Her face was patchy yellow and
runny brown, as she swallowed the first of the bowel movement with a grimace of
distaste. "Ohhh." groaned her Mom. "My gut feels like it has a hot nail in it."
  
 "It tastes pretty bad Mommy." Missy said sputtering through the cum. You really
should get a better diet."

  "Shall I stop sweetie?" her mother said with concern.
 
 "No Mommy. Give it all to me. I like it." Missy replied opening her sticky
eyelashes. Missy looked up into her mother's runny ass hole. A large brown
bubble had formed over the anus of diarrhea and cum filled from within by a
small fart. Missy stuck out her tongue popping it with a little snicker.
 
  "What's so funny?" Mom asked looked down through her legs.

   "You are making butt bubbles." laughed Missy.  Missy felt warm all over. At
last her Mom was paying her the attention she craved. She was happy.

                                                              END OF BOOK ONE




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mia Sharona


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





