BDSM Library - A Weekend of Surprises




A Weekend of Surprises
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The couple loved to play some bondage games and the girl, as usual, she was horny as hell.
A Weekend of Surprises Part 1

Author:       WSoxWin@AOL.com
Written for:  Khrystah@AOL.com

Disclaimer:  You must be over 18 years of age to view this story.  It contains
adult material.

Well, here I am again, not that I don't deserve it, I do, and actually I like
it!  I'm tied in almost a ball-tie with a white ball gag in my mouth.  My
boyfriend says it looks good against my red lips.  It also matches the white
lingerie that I am wearing.  My boyfriend always likes to tie me up a garter
belt and stockings, or any lingerie, for that matter.  My hands are bound behind
my back palm to palm to a rope that goes around my waist, and through my crotch
with knows at all the right places.  My upper arms are bound with my elbows
rather close together.  There also ropes above and below my breast holding my
arms tightly to my body.  My legs are  tied with soft cotton rope at my thighs,
above and below my knees, and at my feet.  This rope also ties my high heels
onto my feet and is connected to my hands about four inches away.  This really
isn't that uncomfortable, even with the rope that goes from my knees to the 'D'
ring of the 2 inch collar around my neck, pulling me into a tight ball, I sure
am glad that I am flexible,  I was blindfolded with a leather disc blindfold,
white of course to match my outfit, but my boyfriend removed it, gave me the
remote control to the television, and told me to enjoy.  The remote fell on the
floor a while ago as I was squirming and struggling here on the bed.  Wondering
how I got myself into this position! Well...here goes.

It all started yesterday at the restaurant where I work as a waitress. Actually
it's more of a soda parlor.  Burgers and fries, hot dogs, ice cream sundaes, and
the like.  It is a nice family restaurant, and a not too bad place to work,
except for the ridiculous waitress uniforms that we have to wear.  They are not
obscenely short, but short enough that we have to wear bloomers to keep anything
from showing should we bend over.  They say the waitress that forget their
bloomers get the best tips.  The uniforms are red one piece outfits, with puffy
sleeves trimmed with white lace, as are the collars and the hem of the shirts. 
They are fairly tight to wear, and even make my body look good.  The skirts are
of a cheerleader fashion, fairly short, with red and white striped aprons which
tie in a big bow in the back. The whole place has the decor the 20's or 30's. 
If this is how they dressed then, I am glad to be living in the nineties!  Some
times the manager has to throw out some of the misfits, that buy a cup of
coffee, and stay for three hours.  To watch us parade around in our short
skirts.  More than one person has been caught doing other things besides reading
behind his newspaper.  I work the swing shift, from eleven a.m. to eight p.m.,
with an hour lunch break that I rarely see.  It isn't really a bad shift.  I
don't have to get up early, and it is just getting dark when I get off work, so
the entire evening isn't shot.  The other waitresses, staff and managers are a
pretty good lot.  The average age of the employees is 21.  I am one of the older
ones at age 24 which brings me to another subject. 

Let me introduce myself.  My name is Mindy, I am 24 and waitressing while
looking for a job in my true career of accounting.  I graduated college last
year and have been working here while putting in applications ever since.  I
live in a pretty good area with my boyfriend Rich.  Rich is a VCR repairman, and
a good guy.  The best one I've found so far.  He is kind and understanding and
little bit muscular.  He isn't the best I've ever had in bed, but he is quite
good, and quite interesting at times, such as now!  I am in pretty good shape
for my height and weight.  My breasts may be a little bit too small, and I may
be a little bit overweight , but I haven't had any complaints.  I have shoulder
length brown hair.  Anyway back to yesterday at work.  I had just punched out
and said goody-bye to the night shift.  It was about 8:15 p.m. on a Friday
night, so I was going to try to rush home and persuade Rich to take me out
somewhere.  I left through the back door and started for the employee lot, when
a hand clamped over my mouth and a strong grip pulled my arms behind my back.  I
was startled, but not overly concerned, when I thought I heard Rich disguising
his voice, hissing, "Don't turn around, and don't make a sound."  I just stood
still quietly as I felt handcuffs lock around my wrists.  a dark silk scarf was
then wrapped around my eyes twice and then tied behind my head.  The assailant
then grabbed my upper right arm and said, "This way."  I was forced out into the
parking lot, taking small steps, being unsure of the footing because of the
blindfold. The strong arm of my kidnapper almost seemed to hold me up as it
guided me across the parking lot.  Suddenly we stopped, and I was pushed face
down into the back seat of a vehicle that I didn't recognize.  When I was
halfway in, I was forced down onto my stomach and I felt a knee in the center of
my back, It was not painful, but I could not get up.  I then heard the raspy
voice say, "sshh". as I tried to ask what was going on.  He then proceeded to
fumble with the bow from my apron.  He slid my hands through the loops, pulling
the ends tight, trapping my hands in the bow.  The ends were then tied, looped
around my wrists and cinched up in between with the tips tied up where my
fingers couldn't reach them,  I know, I thought knew for sure that this was my
boyfriend Rich because he loved to tie my hands like this whether in my waitress
uniform, playing French maid, or just wearing an apron to cook a meal.  He knew
that if tied right, the apron strings kept my hands behind me, but also kept my
hands bound tightly to my waist.  Then I felt the hand cuffs being removed.  I
played the game and obeyed quietly.  The strong arms pulled me out of the car,
closed the back door, and opened the front passenger door.  With one of his
hands on the top of my head, and one on my arm, I was guided into the front seat
of the car.  After he swung my legs and feet in, I felt the waist belt and
shoulder harness being buckled over me and into place.  I then felt the hand
cuffs being double locked onto my ankles, so they wouldn't tighten up.  "Don't
tear my stockings" I said in mock terror.  Wrong move I found out.  Next thing I
knew, a cloth is being forced into my mouth, and another scarf, with a knot tied
in the center is being forced between my teeth, and them tied underneath my
hair, at the nape of my neck.  "No!" I screamed into the gag, but it was too
late, it came out like "mmmppphh".  "No more noise" the voice hissed.  As if I
could make any sound now if I wanted to.  I then felt him tying a rope to the
handcuffs on my ankles, and pulling it under the seat, pulling my feet securely
underneath.  He used the free end of the rope to wrap around me and the seat
several times before tying it off.  This was totally unnecessary, because I was
already not leaving this automobile without his consent, I was his captive.  I
squirmed and struggled, but I was definitely stuck, and finally settled in and
tried to get a bit more comfortable.  My door closed, and then I heard the
drivers door open.  He got in and put on his belt.  I heard the car start.  The
first thing I noticed, as he was backing out of the stall, was that the car
radio was tuned to the oldies station, which Rich usually didn't listen to.  I
was also baffled, even though Rich liked to play games, whose car was this, and
even though it was dark, how did he think he could get away with driving a bound
and gagged woman through the center of town?  Not to mention blindfolded. 
Wouldn't other drivers find this strange?

After we had been on the road for what seemed to be 15 minutes, and we had made
so many turns, that I had no idea where we were at.  I made some noise into my
gag, because our house was only about 5 minutes away.  I felt a hand squeeze my
left breast, not hard enough to hurt, but hard enough to wake up my nipple, that
was jutting out the fabric of my uniform and bra, and give it a slight tug.  The
voiced hissed, "no noise!" in almost a whisper, and then I felt a pinch, It
didn't hurt as much as get my attention, which what it was meant to do I think. 
I involuntarily let out a yelp into my gag.  At that time I felt a pinch and
heard "no noise" again, we went back and forth three or four times with each
pinch getting harder and longer, until I decided to hold my tongue.  After
driving for what seemed like an eternity, though it was probably only another 15
minutes or so, with my left nipple throbbing and wanting more attention, I felt
a hand slip up under my skirt and apron and try to spread my legs.  I acted like
I didn't want the hand there and squeezed my thighs together tightly.  The car
was them pulled over to the corner of the road.  I believe the we were in a
remote area because I had stopped hearing other vehicles awhile back.  I heard
the drivers door open, and he gets out, and then I feel my door opened. 
Suddenly, I feel hands on my panties, and bloomers as they are yanked out from
under me and pulled down to the hand-cuffs around my ankles.  I started
squirming and twisting in my bonds, and squealed into my gag.  The thumb and
forefinger soon went to work on my right nipple signaling me to be quiet.  I
yielded as I felt a rope tied around my right thigh just above the knee.  The
rope was them run around the back of the seat to my left leg, pulled tight, and
them tied off, leaving me spread wide open.  I squirmed again and howled into
the gag as I felt a hand on my pussy.  I tried to close my legs to no avail. 
Everything was happening way too fast.  I excited but a little bit scared.  I
moved away as much as I could, which wasn't much, as the hands groped me.  All
of the sudden the knot was pulled out of my mouth, the packing was removed and I
felt lips on mine, a tongue invaded my mouth.  I almost bit it off, but I
recognized the taste, it was Rich after all.  "Feeling feisty tonight Baby?", he
said, finally using his regular voice.  He then kissed me again deeply, as I
sucked in his tongue passionately.  He started to nibble my lips and dart his
tongue in and out of my mouth.  I opened my mouth to receive his tongue again,
but instead I got only the scarf stuffed back into my mouth, and the knot
returned tightly between my teeth.  I tried to speak his name, and tell him not
to stop, but it was too late.  He then stated, "I want to make sure that you are
good and horny when we get home", and with that he leans me forward as far as
the ropes under my breast will allow, and unzips my uniform down the back to the
rope.  I struggled and begging into the gag as he started to undo the clasp of
my front latch bra.  As my breasts sprang free, he started to massage them and
said "Don't worry Hun, the windows are tinted all the way around, no one will
see you unless you're bad and I have to turn on the dome light."  "No!", I
squeaked into my gag as he closes my door and gets in his side of the car.  "The
drive home is about a half hour", he states.  "I'm sure you will enjoy the
ride."  On the way home, he alternated between pulling and pinching my throbbing
nipples and playing with my drenched pussy, sliding one and sometimes two
fingers deep into my slit as I moaned into my gag.  I was helpless, his
prisoner, and there was nothing I could do but enjoy it, and that I did.  About
thirty minutes and 5 orgasms later, we pulled into our driveway.  I heard the
garage door go up, and then down again after we had pulled in.  Rich came around
to my side of the car and opened my door.  He untied me from the seat and took
off my seatbelt.  Then he unlocked the hand-cuffs from my ankles, he swung my
legs out of the car, and took my undies and bloomers off of my ankles.  He used
theses to clean up the wetness on my legs and the seat of the car from my juices
over flowing.  "Wait here", he said.  What else could I do?  He went into the
house and returned shortly. "Lift your chin", he said.  I obeyed, and felt him
buckle a two inch leather collar around my neck.  Then he attached a chain leash
to it.  Using the leash, he helped me to stand next to the car.  Kneeling
between my legs, he gave my mound a few licks and pecks, and my knees almost
gave out.  Sensing this he stopped, and with a jingle of steel and chain, he had
double-locked ankle shackles onto my feet.  He stood and said, "Let's go
inside."  I felt silly.  Feet shackled, juiced running down my inner thighs, my
hands secured to my waist by my apron, uniform half off, breasts hanging out,
gagged, blindfolded, and being led by a leash like a dog.  I followed him in -
horny as Hell!

Part Two to follow shortly...

This is my first story...we would love to hear your feedback.  Please E-Mail me
@ WSoxWin@AOL.com.

Thanks~
Krista and Jay




Weekend of Surprises Part 2


Author:      WSoxWin@aol.com
Written for: Khrystah@aol.com

Disclaimer:  You must be over 18 years of age to view this story.  It
contains adult material.

When we got inside the house Rich stopped me in the kitchen.  I had been
taking baby steps because I couldn't see and he seemed a little bit
irritated by this.  "Sit Mindy", he said, as I felt one of the kitchen
chairs pushed gently into the back of my knees, to let me know it was
there.  I sat down and heard Rich pull a chair next to me.  Then I felt
the knot being pried from within my mouth, and them packing being pulled
out, and then he untied the scarf from behind my head.  I was glad to be
rid of that, at least for awhile.  "May I have a glass of water?", I
asked.  "Certainly my lady", Rich replied in a rather gallant tone.  As he
got up to get the water, I tried to rub the blindfold off using my
shoulder.  It was no use, he had tied it tight.  He helped me drink the
glass of water, and when I was done he asked me rather off handedly, "What
do you want to do tonight?"  "Well, I replied, "This is a good start." 
"It is still early", he replied, "You mean to tell me that you didn't want
to go out this evening?"  "I want to be with you", I stated.  "Sshh", He
said as he put a finger to my lips.  "Tell me the truth, didn't you want
to go out?".  "Well...yes I did", I stammered.  "Do you still want to
go?", he asked. "Only if we can play afterwards", I replied.  "I don't see
why we can't play before, during and after" Rich said .  And with that it
was decided that we were going out, we decided we would go to a place
called Club Disaster.  It was an up and coming place for everyone from
recycled punk rockers to rebelling yuppies.  "Your a mess", Rich said as
he kissed me deeply again and suddenly my desire to go out was fading by
the minute.  I reached up to pull him close, only to realize that my hands
were still tied to my body by my apron.  I broke off the kiss and said,
"Could you please release my hands, kind sir?" in my best cockney accent. 
Figuring that he had to untie me eventually so that we could get ready. 
"Certainly, my dear", he replied, doing about as awful a job with the
accent as I had.  He stood me up, and then kissed me again, probing deep
into my mouth with his tongue.  He grabbed my buttocks and squeezed them,
pulling me close to him in an embrace.  My breast rubbed against his
cotton shirt and my nipple sprang to life.  We kissed and let our tongue
explore each others mouths for a few minutes.  "You are a mess", Rich
said, as we broke off our kiss, and with that he turned me around.  "I
love when you are helpless like this, you know that don't you?", he said. 
"Yes, I do", I replied, "I love you, and with that I gave his balls a
little squeeze with one of my bound hands.  He just sort of let out a
purr.  Next I felt him untying my hands from the apron.  "Hold still", he
said, and I did.  Soon my hands were free.  I brought them around in front
of me and massaged  my wrists.  They had been tied for at least an hour
and a half.  Luckily the apron was made from a soft cotton material.  I
felt the apron come loose, and my uniform tumble down around my feet.  I
reached up to undo the blindfold only to hear Rich say, "Not yet", as he
eased my bra down off of my arms.  "Do you really want it off?", he asked.
"No", I replied.  Then I felt him pull my arms behind me and handcuff them
in place.  "Step out," I heard and then a tug on the leash.  I stepped out
of my uniform, which was laying at my ankles.  "Let's go," he said.  And
then another tug as he lead me into the living room.  I hope the blinds
are drawn, I think, but I am sure they are, Rich would never do anything
to embarrass me, in front of other people.  We stop and Rich helps me to
kneel up on the coffee table.  I am confused.  What is he going to do now?
 "Spread your legs", he commands, and I spread them as best I can.  "Open
your mouth", he says as I hear a drawer to one of the end tables open.  I
obey, opening my mouth wide, as I feel a penis gag filling my mouth.  It
is a large one, but I am used to it.  After he gets it situated in my
mouth and asked me if it all right, he then tightens the straps behind my
head.  I then feel a hand between my legs followed by Rich's tongue.  He
starts a slow, leisurely swirl along the outside of my lips biting and
nibbling as he goes darting his tongue in and out, every once in a while. 

I am wet in an instant, moaning into my gag, wondering how long I am going
to be able to keep my balance.  He teases me with a bite here and nip
there, ever so gently caressing my swollen clit with his tongue.  Then he
stops and lets me cool down for a bit before starting again.  Each time he
stops I am hotter that the time before, sometimes he just grabs my clit
with his lips and holds it, or spreads my lips and blows on me.  I am
slowly losing my mind!  I try to reach around with my cuffed hands and
push his head farther into my bush but one of his arms stops me and holds
my hands where they are.  This is his game, and I guess I'll have to play
it at his pace.  I alternate between screaming into the penis gag and
sucking on it, imagining that it is him in my mouth, and not a four inch
piece of latex rubber.  Slowly but surely he picks up the pace.  He has
let my hands go and is massaging my breasts as his tongue goes deeper and
deeper into me.  Faster and faster.  I can feel the immense heat between
my legs, and I can feel the orgasm building, until it is like I see a
white light behind the blindfold.  For a few moments my whole world
becomes the orgasm as I scream into the gag.  As my body convulses a few
last times, I fall over, collapsing on top of Rich.  He catches me and
holds me tight in his arms.  He tenderly removes the gag, and after my
breathing returns to normal, he stands me back up, steadying me carefully.
 "Do you want the blindfold off?", he asks.
  "Lead me", I calmly state.  He leads me to the foot of the stairs, using
the leash.  Then he gently tales my arm and helps me up to the second
floor bathroom.  "No time for a bath tonight", he states, as he turns on
the shower and removes my collar and leash.  I understand that time is
tight but I really do love it when he bathes me.  I hear him taking off
his clothes and I realize that I won't be untied for the shower either. 
When he is naked and the water is just the right temperature, he lifts me
into the tub and then follows me in.  The water feels so good as he uses
the soapy sponge to find every nook and crevice of my body, washing me
clean.  "That feels so good", I say, "Let me do you."  To my surprise, he
reached out of the shower, gets his keys and unlocks my wrists
, relocking them in front of me.  He puts the soap in one of my hands and
the sponge in the other.  Kissing me deeply on the lips, and then a peck
on the forehead.  "Think you can do it in the dark?", he dares.  "Not a
problem", I smugly reply.  Eventhough I am blindfolded, I know his body as
well as, if not better, that I know my own.  I soap him up real good,
taking special care around his nipples and then his cock and balls,
knowing that he is loving every moment of it.  "Shampoo please, and
kneel", I ask and command.  This is necessary because he is nearly six
foot, and I am only five foot five.  "Didn't I just do this?", he comments
slyly as he hands me the shampoo and complies.  "Feel free to do all the
exploring you like while your down there", I giggle as I lather up his
hair. He responds by planting a small peck on my bush and tickling the
backs of my knees.  "Hey, no fair!", I squeak.  "No tickling the master
hairstylist while she is at work.  Stand up and rinse off."  He stood up
and rinsed off then turned me around and started to take the blindfold off
me.  "Keep your eyes closed or you'll get shampoo in your eyes", he states
as he started to lather my scalp.  I kept waiting for him to lock my hands
behind my back again but he didn't.  When he was done with my hair I put
my cuffed hands around his neck and opened my eyes and whispered, "I love
you Rich". as we tenderly embraced.  Before I knew it the moment was
broken as he scooped me out of the tub.  He stood me up and started to dry
me off with a big fluffy towel.  When he was done I dried him off.  He
said, "Times a wasting baby, why don't you start getting ready while I
order a pizza."  "But Rich", I whined.   I knew that I could do my hair
and makeup handcuffed, I had done it before, and he was gone anyway. 
After I dried myself a little more, I put my hair up in a ponytail and got
started on my makeup.  Everytime I moved, the jingle of the chain between
my ankles would send a shiver between my legs.  I almost started to touch
myself, but finished my makeup and started to blow dry my hair.  I got my
hair just right and looked at my nails.  The red I had painted my nails to
match my uniform would go quite nicely with the outfit That I had planned
for tonight.  They were in pretty good shape, so I left them alone without
a touch-up.  I went to out bedroom and looked through my closet for just
the outfit that I wanted to wear this evening.  I knew that my leather
outfits turned Rich on, but then again, what didn't turn him on.  I found
the perfect match.  A black leather mini-skirt, that wasn't short enough
to be called a micro-mini but short enough to display my legs nicely.  I
paired this with a black leather halter top that I had.  It laced up the
front and had shoulder straps that buckled in place.  It was sexy, but not
slutty, and it also gave the look of a one-piece leather dress.  I got out
a black teddy with attached garter, some black seamed stockings, and I was
ready to go.  Except that my Boy-Toy needed to unlock me.  I went
downstairs, he had already gotten dressed while I was doing my make-up, to
find him black slacks and a dark casual shirt, we should match nicely I
thought.   "Can you unlock me please?", I asked, "so I can get dressed". 
"What are you going to wear?", he inquired.  "That's for me to know and
you to find out after you unlock me", I replied with a sparkle in my eyes.
 He unlocked my hands and feet.  After giving him a quick kiss, I went up
to get ready.  I put on the outfit I picked out, adding a pair of black
heels and a gold necklace, with a matching ankle bracelet to the ensemble.

 When I came downstairs he was watching TV and I thought his eyes were
going to pop out of his head.  "You look great Honey", he stammered.  "I
know", I replied confidently.  The doorbell rang and Rich went to pay the
pizza man, as I went to the kitchen to pour some sodas.  He came into the
kitchen and set the pizza on the counter and said, "How's cheese and
pepperoni, baby?"  I didn't even see the handcuffs as he deftly pulled my
arms behind me.  I was soon sat in a chair at the table with my hands
cuffed behind me and a piece of rope around my waist holding me in place. 
"Come on Babe, we don't have time for this", I said.  "Sure we do", he
stated", he stated "you eat like a snail," and he started to feed me a
piece of pizza.  I just gave in and ate, I knew he was right.  After a few
slices of pizza we were almost ready to go.  "Untie me please", I asked. 
He let me loose from the chair and I bent over and gave him a peck on the
lips.  "And now the cuffs please", I asked.  "No, I think with you looking
as hot as you do," he said.  "I had better keep you under lock and key."

  "Rich", I whined, "This isn't fair!"  "What isn't fair?" he stated. 
"You know that I have my brothers car with the tinted windows."  "But
Rich", I squeaked.  "You know what happens to whiners", he said.  I did
but I kept it up anyway.  Soon rich produced a red rubber ball on a black
leather strap.  "I'll be good", I promised, as I closed my mouth tightly. 
"Open wide", he said.  "Uh, uh", I mumbled through clenched teeth.  A
quick couple of pokes to my ribs and my mouth sprang open.  Rich knows all
my ticklish spots, as well as I know his.   He quickly popped the ball
into my mouth and pulled it behind my teeth.  He pulled the straps behind
my head, and after checking that is was in all right, he buckled the
straps securely behind my head.  He then pulled my hair out of the strap
and adjusted it so it wouldn't mess up my hair.  I knew what was coming
next, as my mouth got used to the fullness of the gag.  I felt him double
locking the ankle shackles onto my ankles.  He then checked their
tightness, and double locked the handcuffs onto my wrists so they wouldn't
tighten when I sat on them.  He looked at me and said, "I love you so
much, you look spectacular ?Baby".  I could see that horny look in his
eyes.  I know he loves it when I wear a ball-gag.  He really likes them,
especially the harness type that goes over the head and has a chin strap. 
But that would have messed up my hair, how thoughtful of him.  He thought
ball gags were sexy.  I thought I looked like a fish while wearing one,
from the Polaroid pictures he has taken of me while I have been tied up. 
But there I was dressed sexy as can be in tight black leather, shackles
and hand cuffed, and the way he was looking at me, maybe I did feel sexy
wearing a ball gag.  "Let's go", he said, as he helped me to the car and
put me in the passenger's seat.  He put my seat-belt on and closed my
door.  He then went around to his side and get in.  He closed his door,
put on his belt and started the car.  He opened the garage door and
started to back out.  Here I go again I thought, looking hot, feeling
horny and definitely harnessed.

To be continued...

Would love to hear your thoughts and opinions! E-Mail us at
WSoxWin@aol.com,  Thanks,  Jay and Krista




Here I am Again...A Weekend of Surprises
Part 3

Author:        'ITieKrista'
Posted By:     'TiemeupJay'

Disclaimer:  You must be over 18 years of age to view this story.  It
contains adult material.

I was alive with anticipation as we backed out of the driveway and drove
away from the house.  I wasn't all that happy about the ball-gag, but the
hand-cuffs, shackles and the seat-belt almost seemed to embrace me.  Rich
looked over at me putting his free hand on my leather covered breast.
stroking, the are he knew my nipple was hiding, 
with his thumb.  "Having a good time," he asked.  "Oh, I see you don't
feel like talking," as I made a mewing sound and stared into his eyes. 
His hand now dropped to my leg, and he rested it on my thigh, feeling the
smoothness of my silk stocking.  I felt a little self-conscience, wearing
the ball-gag for all the world to see.  I know that no one could see in
through the dark tinted glass, but it was a strange feeling none the less.
 I almost wished that he had blindfolded me.  I felt his hand lazily slide
my leather mini-skirt up to gain access to my crotch.  That ever
aggressive thumb started to rub up and down against the smooth material of
my panties.  I squirmed around in the seat and mewed into the gag again. 
When we were about half way to the club Rich looked over at me and said,
"Want that off Love?"  I looked deep as I could into his eyes, and then
tried to smile around the rubber gag, if that is possible.  After a moment
I nodded my head and gave him a wink.  "Look down," he said.  I obeyed,
looking into my lap.  I felt his hand under my hair, unloosening the
buckle.  After he had loosened it about 5 notches, he rebuckled the strap.
 He then reached up and popped the ball out of my mouth and let it hand
around my neck.  "That should add a little color to your outfit tonight,"
he stated, "it matched your lipstick and nails nicely".  "I don't think
I'll be wearing this anywhere outside this vehicle," I stated firmly,
raising my voice as the sentence came out of my mouth.  "It will show the
masses what an utterly kinky girl you are," he laughed.  "Any more arguing
and it goes back in your mouth anyway".  "It's up to you," he stated,
"which way do you want to wear it?"  "This will do just fine," I pouted,
hoping that he was joking.  "You are not really going to take me inside
like this," I asked?  "Would I do a thing like that," he replied.  "Don't
worry about a thing".  He took his hand from my warmth, which was actually
a relief, because I was getting incredibly horny, and placing it behind
me.  I thought that he was going to grab my butt, but instead he took my
left handcuffed hand in his and interlaced our fingers.  "You worry too
much," he said, giving my hand a squeeze.  I squeezed back, and tried to
lean over and give him a kiss on the cheek, but the seat-belt stopped me. 
He leaned over the rest of the way, so I could finish the act.   I felt
secure again.  About half a mile from the club Rich pulled over to the
side of the road.  I watched in awe, as he pulled the collar and leash out
of his pocket, buckling the collar around my neck and clipping the leash
to it.  "You said that you weren't taking me inside the club like this," I
whined.  "This isn't a bondage club">  Though we both knew that we had
seen stranger things than this at Club Disaster.  "I didn't say that at
all," he replied.  "I merely told you not to worry about a thing".  "I'm
not going in there looking like your own personal harem slave," I said. 
"Isn't that what you are," he chided.  "That is for our personal privacy,
not for the masses," I said, mocking what he has said earlier.  I knew
what was coming up next, but there was nothing that I could do.  Rich
grabbed me as I tried to move away, but how far can you go, while tied up
in sportscar?  He put a strong hand on my back pushing me down, bending me
in half.  My breasts were crushed into my legs.  I just simply gave up and
opened my mouth wide, hoping that he was bluffing.  He replaced the ball
in my mouth, checking the tightness with me, and buckled the straps under
my hair at the base of my neck.  After he let me up he took my purse from
me, taking my lipstick out.  "Look at me," he commanded in a stern voice. 
As I did he took the lipstick and fixed my lips around the ball.  "That
looks better," he smirked, as he replaced the lipstick in my purse and
pulled out into traffic.  The next thing I knew we had reached the club
and were waiting in line for the valet parking.  "No," I squeaked into my
gag, trying to get loose.  I reached my handcuffed hands around and
released the latch on my seat-belt.  As the belt sprang away from my body
Rich gave me a look as if to say "Are you crazy?" or "You are still
handcuffed, shackled and gagged, where do you think you are going?"  He
pulled the leash tight as if to reinforce the look.  I settled back down
into my seat. I wanted to argue with him and tell him that this wasn't
what I wanted, but all I could do was to look into his eyes pleadingly. 
The gag had taken away my only weapon of defense, my tongue.  When we got
two cars away from the valets, I started thrashing around again and making
as much noise as I could behind the gag.  I no longer thought that he was
kidding.  A cloak of fear and embarrassment has settled over me.  He
pulled up , seeming to ignore me.  I was being so loud behind the gag that
I thought the valets could probably already hear me.  The valet reached
for the door handle and at the last second Rich hit the power lock switch,
flashed his head lights, ad drove to the rear of the parking lot.  I
settled back into the seat, all the energy drained from me.  He looked
over at me, with a peculiar little smile on his face.  "You really didn't
want to go in there like that did you," he asked?  I shook my head
violently.  "Maybe we can reach a compromise," he said slyly.  This time I
nodded my head.  "Well," he said, "I suppose we could lose the gag, but
only after we have reached an agreement".  I nodded my head again.  "And
maybe the ankle shackles," he said, "but we keep the handcuffs and leash. 
Is that a deal," he asked?  I nodded my head vigorously and then put it in
his lap so that he could remove the gag.  I couldn't believe it.  I had
just agreed to let him take me into a club on a leash with my hands cuffed
behind my back.  He gently removed the gag, being careful not to mess up
my hair.  "Why are you doing this," I asked?  "Only because I love you,"
he replied coyly, as he pulled me close and held me kissing me deeply.  We
locked in this embrace for a bit and then asked me if I was ready.  "Yeah,
I guess," I replied, with no enthusiasm.  He came around to my side of the
car and opened the door.  He bent down and took the ankle shackles off. 
He kissed me tenderly on my forehead and said, "Trust me Baby, it won't be
that bad".  Maybe it won't I though, after all, we had seen weirder things
than this before, I just hadn't been part of it!  Rich pulled on the leash
to guide me out of the car.  I stood up and straightened my leather skirt
with my handcuffed hands.  I looked around the parking lot.  Seeing that
it was late in the evening, I was relieved to see no one in the lot.  Rich
pulled hard on the leash, leaving a good clip, making us look more like a
man walking his dog then a couple on a date.  He stopped and let me catch
up to him.  "That wasn't very nice," I said, "Remember I'm wearing high
heels".  "Your right," he said, "I should probably take it off," and with
that he removed the leash.  I pictured the collar that he had put on me. 
I realized that it did match my outfit, it would just look like a choker. 
He then put the leash in his pocket, put his arm around me and gave me a
kiss on the cheek.  As we started walking towards the club I thought this
may not be as bad as I though.  As we got closer to the building, Rich
stopped me, turned me towards him and kissed me deeply on the lips.  I
closed my eyes, and our tongues played tag for what seemed for minutes. 
He broke the kiss and said, "Thank you for your trust," as I felt him
unlocking the handcuffs.  Suddenly I was a jumble of feelings.  I felt
guilty, did he mean in the car?  How could I have ever thought that he
would do something to embarrass like that, or did he mean now?  I had
almost willingly let him take me in handcuffed.  I looked into his eyes, a
little ashamed, and I realized that it didn't matter as I saw his eyes
smiling back at me.  I loved him, and he loved me.  All the games we
played aside that was all that mattered.   "Let's go inside and have some
fun," he said, giving me a peck on the cheek.  We had a great time at the
club.  I was secure in who I was.  We saw some old friends, and I even got
Rich to dance with me for awhile.  He usually isn't much of a dancer.  I
felt good about myself.  I knew he was mine, eventhough I saw the way the
other ladies looked at him.  Dressed as I was, I got a few looks of my
own.  It probably didn't help that I had had maybe a few too many drinks
and I had started to flirt.  Rich didn't seem to mind.  We had always been
secure in each other.  We closed the place down.  I was feeling a little
too good, and Rich had to help me to the car.  When we got to the car, I
playfully turned around and put my hands behind my back, and said to him,
"I am ready to go, you may handcuff me now Sir".  He just turned me around
and gave me a peck on the lips, as he opened my car door.  "Please," I
whined.  "maybe later Honey," he said.  With that I started to tickle him
under his arms and around his rib cage. A little bit surprised he said,
"Okay my dear, if you wish," catching both my wrists in one strong hand
and handcuffed my hands in front of me, before he put me in the car, and
put my seat-belt on me and closed my door.  Before he could get around to
his side of the car to get in, I had locked the ankle shackles onto my
feet.  He got in and put his Seattle on.  When he saw that I had gotten
the ankle shackles off of the floor, he just smiles and said,  "I don't
know what I'm going to do with you kid".  As he left the parking lot and
started for our house, he said, "Want the gag too?"  But by that time I
was already sound asleep with a big smile on my ace.   When we arrived
home I woke up to hear the garage door going down.  Rich helped me into
the house and I flopped down on the sofa, still trying to wake up.  I saw
a bag in his hand and realized that he had stopped for food on the way
home, while I was sleeping.  I ate the burger greedily, but I really
wasn't feeling that drunk anymore.  It's amazing what an hour of sleep can
do sometimes.  "Want me to take those off," he asked.  I looked
embarrassed, realizing that I had been stuffing the burger into my mouth,
not even realizing that I was still handcuffed.  "What I really want is to
make love to you," I said seductively.  "Well, I have some ideas about
that," he said, removing the handcuffs from my wrists.  "How about my
ankles," I asked?  "Wouldn't want you running away," he replied with a
wink.  He took my hand and led me upstairs.  At the top of the stairs he
told me to wait.  He came back after a minute and took me into the
bedroom.  The room was awash in candle light.  He had lit twenty-five or
thirty of them and set them all over the bedroom.  He sat me on the edge
of the bed and knelt at my feet.   His hands caressed the inside of my
thighs, massaging all the way down to my ankles.  "If I take these off,"
he joked, grabbing the chain connecting my ankles, "you're not going to
run away are you?"  "Just into your arms," I replied, with a wink.  "So, I
can trust you to behave," he asked.  "I wouldn't go quite that far," I
teased.  He knelt there for a bit, caressing my legs, rubbing my ankles
and massaging my feet.  The candlelight was intoxicating, the mood was
romantic, and as usual, I was horny as hell!

To be continued...

Please let me know if you are enjoying this story - would love the
feedback!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WSoxWin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





