BDSM Library - One Hour




One Hour
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Once a week, her husband delivers her to a man for a discipline session.
                    ONE HOUR              d/s, anal

   She didn't know why he made her do this,  but every week she did it. Their
car was pulling into a large, circular driveway, and she gazed out at the
rolling expanses of lawn surrounding the stately home.  He was silent, as he
always was on this drive. It dawned on her that she didn't even know the name of
the man that lived in this house. To her it was just Sir.

   The sun was just disappearing behind the distant trees and she shivered.. She
wore a short, silk robe,  that came to mid thigh, tied around the waist. And
high heels. Nothing else. It was the way HE asked her to dress.  They stopped in
front of the brick walkway that led to the front door. She sat with her hands in
her lap, staring straight ahead. He shut off the car. Leaning over to her, he
kissed her on the cheek and told her,

     " I will see you in one hour".

   She opened the door and got out. Her short robe opened in the slight breeze
that she created as she walked, and her heels made a rythmic clicking sound as
she approached the front door. This was where she first began to feel the flush
of shame on her cheeks. It always started here. The door opened as she
approached it, and an older woman stepped back inside to let her enter, as she
always did. She never knew who this woman was, his wife perhaps, she was not
dressed as a servant. Now she followed the woman across a huge entryway, her
heels clacking on the slate tiles. She always felt like a fool, standing there
mostly naked, while the woman knocked on some massive oak doors. When the knock
was acknowledged, the old woman simply opened the doors, let her pass, and
closed them behind her; never once glancing at her, for which she was grateful.

   The lighting in the room was dim, except for a bright light that shone down
on a low oak table in the middle of the room.

     " Ah, you're here, very good ".

  His voice came from behind a desk in the shadows, and he rose. As he came into
the light she could see that he held a snifter of cognac or brandy in his hand.

      " Let's begin, shall we? " he said, and now she saw him clearly. Dressed
in an elegant maroon robe with a black collar, his mane of wavy grey hair
cascading over the back of the collar. He was, truly, a magnificent specimen of
genteel manhood.

      " Approach the table, please", he said.

She knew what to do. She walked forward until the table touched her at
mid-thigh.

       " And the robe, if you will ", he said, ever so gently.

She untied the short robe and let it slide from her shoulders to the floor. She
stood, naked in her high heels, before this man, the burning of shame inflaming
her cheeks again.

       " Hands atop your head, please".

She placed her palms flat on the top of her head, elbows out, and stayed quite
still. He stood behind her and kept her like that for a full minute.

       " Turn, please " he said.

She turned around and faced him, eyes downcast, hands still on her head. She
could feel the nipples of her outthrust breasts harden. She wanted to lower her
arms but she knew better;  she had inspired his wrath before and did not wish to
repeat it ever again.

       " Turn, please " he said again, and she was facing the table again.

       " Alright, up you go " he said.

     She bent forward, grasped the far edge of the table with her hands, and put
her right knee atop the table. She pulled herself up on top, both knees at the
edge of the table top, bent over at the waist, both elbows on the table with her
arms extended in front of her, wrists together,  just as she had been taught to
do during the preceeding weeks. He was in front of her now, tying her wrists
together with a purple sash. She would not be bound in any other fashion, though
she usually wished she was. She turned her head to the side and saw a silver
tray being placed on the table beside her. The tray only had one item on it. An
elegant leather riding crop.  He was behind her again.

     " Spread, "  he said, smacking the insides of her knees with the crop. She
spread her knees wider.

     " More,"  he said, and she spread her knees apart even wider; wide enough
now that her splayed slit was only inches from the table top.  There was silence
for a moment as he stood behind her, his eyes burning into her.

   Then he began to stroke her with the crop. Ever so gently, from her knees, up
the inside of her thighs to her sex,. then back down. Then up and down the cleft
of her ass, then ever so gently up and down her slit. She began to move in time
with its motions, sliding her cunt up and down on the rough leather as it gently
carressed her there. The intensity of the slaps increased, and the tip of the
crop would always strike very close to the center of her sex or ass. She was
becoming extremely aroused and began rotating her ass toward the crop. This time
he cut her hard, and she was forced to draw her knees together as she gasped.
She squatted her ass down on her heels to try and rub the forming welt. She lost
her shoes.

     " Spread, "  he said, and tapped the back of her thighs with the crop.
Slowly she rose, and slowly she re-assumed her former position. She knew that if
she did not,  it would get worse, much worse. When he was satisfied with the
distance she had spread for him, he cut her again, on the other side. Though
this cut hurt as much as the last one did, she managed to hold her position.  He
gave her a minute to compose herself.

     "Very good, my dear"  he said,  " now we begin ". 

   All of the strokes were now as hard as the first, and she tried to take them
with just a clenching of her ass cheeks. He would wait until he saw the cheeks
relax,  then give her another.

    He concentrated on her ass, from the top of her ass cleft to the bottom of
her ass cheeks, he whipped her. If she lost her composure he would patiently
wait until she re-assumed her position, sometimes a full minute or two, then
begin again.

    At some point it stopped.  She was gasping and crying and her ass was
burning, swollen and red, welts clearly visible under the deep red surface.  He
was comforting her now, and rubbing a lotion onto her ass. He untied her wrists
and helped her from the table. A large pillow was on the floor. She knew what to
do. She straddled the pillow and pulled her knees up as far as she could. He
knelt behind her, squeezed some lotion onto his erect cock, and slid it into her
ass. After her whipping this felt good, and she began to moan as he slowly
thrust and withdrew. She reached back and pulled her hot, burning ass cheeks
apart as he continued to slowly ass fuck her. She felt his balls against her ass
and she reached under and cupped them in one hand. He moaned and she felt him
squirting his cum into her. When he pulled out, he got up and retreated behind
his desk. She knelt there for a minute, cum dripping from her ass.

    " So, then, I will see you next week ".

   She got up and found her robe and put it on. She slipped into her heels. She
would have liked to just carry them but she knew that he liked to watch her walk
out of the room in her heels. She let herself out of the room. Noone was there
to let her out the front door, noone ever was. She made her way out and down the
brick walkway. He saw her and got out of the car, opening the back door. She
climbed in the back seat and got on her knees, head down. He pulled her little
robe up to her waist and began massaging her burning ass. He stuck a finger in
her cum soaked ass and held it there while he unzipped his pants. He fucked her
there on the back seat of the car, while still parked in front of the house. He
could feel the heat from her ass radiate right through his pants as she pistoned
on his cock, and his finger churned in her ass, lubricated with another mans
sperm.

   He let her lay on the back seat as he got back in the front of the car and
started it.  As they drove past the house, he could see the curtain covering one
of the windows close, and he smiled.  He glanced at his watch.

One hour, on the dot.


end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





