BDSM Library - The House On Blackberry Hill




The House On Blackberry Hill
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kathleen, 17, is sent to a mental hospital where she has to submit to her therapist's special likings... (This story will be continued regularly)
The House On Blackberry Hill

Prologue: Bethany's Torment

The slim girl slowly pushed herself out of the bed, carefully avoiding any
noise. It was already 2.00 am, she had to hurry if she didn't want to be late.
And she REALLY didn't want to be late! Her bed let out an ugly creak when she
lifted her weight to stand up. Worried she hesitated a few minutes, afraid of
probably having woken somebody. The walls of the dormitories were thin, so were
the doors and windows...

When nothing happened after a few minutes, the red headed girl finally dared to
move again. Relieved that her fellows of next door were obviously some of those
'nothing-wakes-me-up-girls', she sneaked out of the room. The hall was dark and
empty, no staff nor patients were awake (The current night watchman was on her
way to the staff's room were she would meet her fellow that was supposed to
replace her, as always at 2 am). Good! The last thing Bethany needed right now
were annoying mates or nurses that questioned her why she wasn't in her room.

Despite the nightly darkness surrounding her, she easily found her way through
the long corridors. Three minutes later she stood in front of a large iron door.
Pushing down the handle she found it wasn't locked and slowly pushed the heavy
door open, not bothering about knocking before entering the room, as she knew
nobody could hear her through the completely soundproof door.

The room was dark and silent. A sigh of relief escaped the young girl's mouth
when she closed the door behind her and felt for the light switch on the wall
next to her. She switched on the light, turned and froze.

"You are late Bethany!" said the young woman with the long auburn hair, the
feline face and the deep red lips, that lazily sat in a modern armchair behind a
large metallic desk, her high-heeled boots on top of the glassy plate. She was
dressed in a long white coat with a nameplate on it that read:
Dr. Laura Braun.

The red headed girl furtively glanced over to the clock hanging on the wall next
to the desk. It was 2.05 am. She was exactly five minutes too late. And she knew
that was late enough to drive her auburn opposite crazy.

"I'm sorry miss..." whispered the girl and hung her head.

"I know you are sorry, Bethany, but we can't just leave it at that, can we?"

Silence.

"CAN WE?!"

"No."

"Pardon?"

"No, miss, we can't!"

The thin girl didn't dare to look into the woman's stern face, into those eyes
that glared at her as if she was a little puppy that had just peeed on the
carpet.

But Laura Braun didn't tolerate shyness. "Look at me when I talk to you!" she
commanded in a voice suitable to her 'bad-little-puppy-glare'. Bethany raised
her head obediently, not wanting to further upset her opposite. Laura Braun
sighed. She wasn't in any mood to discuss her victim's fault-pass, nor to
lecture her about punctuality. Not tonight.

"Come to me, Bethany!" she ordered, taking her legs off of the desk and patting
her thigh. Bethany complied, unsure about what would come next. Dr. Braun
pointed to the floor by her chair, her slender, perfectly manicured finger
ordering the girl to kneel next to her. No sooner had Bethany knelt down than
Dr. Braun had gripped her long red strands, forcefully pulling her head over her
white coated thighs. Bethany yelped in pain when her neck was uncomfortably
twisted until she had to look up into the older woman's face.

"Do I really have to explain what I expect you to do when I tell you tomorrow at
point 2.00 am!?" asked the doctor angrily in a frightening but yet so soft
voice.

"No miss." replied the girl through gritted teeth.

 "Well, obviously I do have to! Or why is it that you happen to come at 2.05 am,
instead of 5 minutes earlier as told to?!"

Bethany opened her mouth to speak, but Dr. Braun didn't want to hear any
excuses.

"Listen!" she hissed and pulled at the girl's hair again. "We've already lost
enough time because of your lack of punctuality, and I don't wanna waste my
precious night by punishing you. Till we meet again, that'll be tomorrow 4.00
p.m. - and that IS 4.00 p.m., not 4.05 p.m., Bethany! - till we meet again, I
want you to decide yourself about the nature of your punishment. Spanking,
whipping, starving, it's your choice, be creative! And don't try to fool me! If
you dare to suggest anything I don't find appropriate I'll decide myself again,
and believe me you won't be pleased at all with the result! Do we have an
understanding?!"

"Yes miss!"

 "What will you do 'til tomorrow 4.00 p.m.?"

"I'll chose a way I want to be punished, miss."

"And why are you going to be punished tomorrow, Bethany?"

"Because I have been late, miss."

"How late have you been, Bethany?"

"Five minutes, miss."

"That's far too late, isn't it?"

"Yes miss."

"And it won't happen again, Bethany, will it?"

"No miss!"

"That's my girl! Now get up!"

Laura Braun let go of the girl's hair and Bethany rose to her feet, tears of
pain and fear dwelling in her light gray eyes.
For a moment the doctor just looked at the red head that stood in front of her
in a beautiful silky night dress that Dr. Braun herself had bought her. How she
loved the view of her little slut in nothing but light silk!

"lock the door!" she then ordered and Bethany quickly walked over to the
soundproof door, locked it and gave the key to Dr. Braun. "Undress!" within a
few seconds the girl had pulled the night dress over her head, dropping it to
the floor. Completely naked and vulnerable she stood in front of her therapist.
Her small, pale breasts as well as her back and delicate ass, were covered with
innumerable criss crossing scars and (partly still fresh) marks and stripes.
Ugly reminders of painful sessions with an irritated brunette therapist...

"Table - face up!" came the next short order and Bethany hurried to climb on top
of the heavy desk in front of the doctor, positioning  herself face up on her
back, silently moaning when her sore skin on back and ass connected with the
cold glass plate. But she lay still, awaiting the next order.

But this time Dr. Braun's melodic voice wasn't angry or commanding, but soft and
soothing: "Bethany," she whispered in a seductive tone, her voice shaking with
anticipation at the sight of the youthful naked body on her desk. "Bethany you
are beautiful!" The doctor rose from her chair and cupped one of the little
breasts poking into the air with her slender hand, slightly squeezing the pink
flesh. Bethany shifted her eyes to stare at a small picture on the wall, when
she felt the ache coming from her breasts. Laura Braun began to pinch her nipple
forcefully between her thumb and index finger, causing the young girl to yelp
from the pain of this touch.

She yelped even louder when the doctor suddenly straddled her, pressing her
beaten behind further onto the desk's plate. Bethany shifted her head and
shoulders, desperately trying to find a less painful position. "STILL!" The
doctor's voice was threatening again and with one  sharp slap on the girl's face
Bethany lay still again. "Good girl."

The doctor noticed the tears of pain and fear running down the girl's pale face
and felt her center ache with lust and anticipation. Quickly raising herself she
took off her white coat, under which she was completely naked, and lowered her
bare body on the nude girl below her again. Her pussy was wet and hot and the
doctor trembled when it touched the girl's cold belly. Bethany grimaced with
disgust when the brunette woman began to rock her wet hips against her body, 
thrusting back and forth, moaning louder with every movement.

But she remained still while the doctor started to fondle her youthful body, her
sore breasts, her flat belly, her pubic hair, her labia...
Bethany finally closed her eyes, trying to imagine herself out of her body, far
away to a pleasant place, a place free of pain and fear and this woman above
her... But the steadily increasing thrusts of the doctor's center against her
body, the hands squeezing her breasts and nipples, her stinging scars being
pressed against the desk, and the moans of lust escaping the doctor's beautiful
but evil lips made it impossible for her to lock out the pain and humiliation.
She was used to her body being taken this way, by this woman, on this desk, in
this room, but she could never get used to the fear of what would come next.
Because she knew that whatever would come next would always be worse...

And so it didn't take long and the girl's soft whimpers soon turned into loud
moans of pure pain, when the older woman suddenly began to thrust her fist
aggressively into her vagina. "Yeah, let me hear you darling, let me hear your
beautiful voice..." Dr. Braun cooed, mesmerized by her victim's silent cries of
agony. How she loved the sound of agony!
Bethany gritted her teeth and arched her back as her body was painfully shoved
over the desk by the doctor's hand thrusting in and out of her body. A rush of
excitement swept through Dr. Laura's body when she felt the girl rocking up her
crotch against her own dripping wet pussy. "Yesssss... that's my girl...
ahhhhhh, let me feel you!" And the doctor rammed her knees in the girl's rips as
if riding a rodeo horse.

Oh yes, it could always get worse!
And Bethany knew, oh how she knew, that the evil woman above her was just at her
foreplay...




Chapter one: The Arrival

Depressive. Lonely. Weary of life. That was the way Kathleen's symptoms were
described. She was a depressive, lonely, weary of life 17-year-old with no will
to live. That's what the doctor said. That's what her parents believed, after
they had repeatedly prevented her from performing suicide by

a) cutting her aorta, (they found her in the bathroom just when she took the
blade)

b) jumping out of a 30th-floor-window (the fire brigade is really fast!) 

c) sitting on the rails while the train is raging in (the cops are even faster!) 

and d) taking five packages of painkillers (the emergency ambulance is the
fastest!).

But her parents were busy businessmen and didn't have the time nor the patience
to baby-sit their depressive daughter all day.

That was the reason why Kathleen was on the way to "Blackberry Hill". On the way
to the private psychiatry "Blackberry Hill".

She didn't want to go to a psychiatry. She wasn't "ill in her head". She was
just tired. And sick of this life. Sick of her snobbish parents, her even more
snobbish college, sick of this pathetic boyfriend of hers who'd soon be the
father of her best friend's child. She was 17 years old and had found her life
to be empty, worthless and hypocritical. And she had the fucking right to decide
whether she wanted this life or not! And above all she had the right to decide
whether she wanted to go to this clinic or not!

At least that's what Kathleen thought. But the doctor and her parents didn't
think so. "You are ill Kathleen!" said her father. "We just want to help you
darling!" said her mother. "It is my duty to make sure my patients will get
exactly the medical treatment they need. And I think you really should go to
this hospital!" said the doctor. And that's what she did.

Blackberry Hill was about forty miles away from her hometown. At least forty
miles away from any town or city. It was surrounded by a large district of woods
and marshland with only one passable road (or at least something similar to a
road) leading up the small hill on which the clinic was built.

"Perfect location for a psychiatry." Kathleen mused while her father's Dodge
slowly "climbed" up the stony path. "Perfect location indeed! No neighborhoods
close that could take offense at the lunatics living on this hill." "But darling
this is no home for the demented," her mother would have said if Kathleen had
said this out loudly. "This is a mental hospital (her parents never used the
term 'psychiatry') that'll just give you the opportunity to relax for a little
while." Kathleen wondered how long they had planed this "little while" to be.

Ten minutes later the small family sat in a big, but sparsely furnished
consulting room. In front of them a large and modern desk, which, from their
point of view, looked like a large metallic box with a perfectly polished glassy
plate as the lid. The walls in the room were completely white, so were the large
cabinet that covered the wall behind the desk, the curtains in front of the
windows, and the leather sofa next to the heavy (and also white) door through
which they had entered the room. In the wall on Kathleen's right they could see
a second door through which they expected the person they were waiting for (the
person they were waiting for should be Kathleen's personal therapist during her
stay at Blackberry Hill) to enter. Doctors always used private doors to enter
the surgery. Kathleen didn't know why. Probably to show their superiority, their
high living standard, their importance. How pathetic! Maybe this was one of the
reasons the young girl disliked doctors, and in that moment she decided that she
disliked mind doctors even more than their medical fellows.

This completely colorless room made Kathleen feel even more uncomfortable than
the sight of the hospital's lonely location had caused her to feel some minutes
before. She crouched deeper into her armchair when she started to freeze.

"Blackberry Hill is of high repute, darling!" her mother said all of a sudden
and broke the uncomfortable silence that had been filling the room since the
moment the young brunette receptionist had left them with the routine words:
"Just a few more minutes please, the doctor will soon join you!" Kathleen didn't
reply at her mom's remark, being fully aware that her parents were having bad
twinges of remorse for forcing their daughter to join the number of patients of
this mental hospital.

"Dr. Braun is also of high repute!" added her father. "Braun" Kathleen thought
and rolled her eyes. Spoken it almost sounded like Brown, but written it looked
like the name of a fucking German Nazi. "Dr. Braun is from Europe, is said to be
an expert in modern psychotherapy, a highly recommended graduate of Cambridge
and has a diploma in depth psychology and pedagogic."

"He didn't study in Germany by chance?" Kathleen mumbled sarcastically. "No
darling, Cambridge is in Britain!" her mother replied with a confused expression
on her perfectly lifted face. Kathleen sighed. It was so ridiculously easy to
confuse her mother!

 Their nonsense conversation was abruptly stopped when the white door in the
wall on their right swung open and a slender woman, dressed in a white coat
breezed in. "Ahhh here we are! You must be the Downeys! Braun is my name. Dr.
Laura Braun!" the white coat chirped and hastily shook hands with the parents.

*Gosh!* Kathleen thought when she finally realized the person addressing them
was the highly recommended graduate of Cambridge. *Gosh! This is a damned female
Nazi...and a damned good looking female Nazi as well!*

"And here we have Kathleen, is that right?" Kathleen merely nodded while Dr.
Braun took the girl's small hand into her own and kept it for a few seconds
while she swiftly studied the petite, but youthful pretty girl from head to toe
in a single glance. The satisfied smile that crossed the doctor's face when
their eyes connected confused Kathleen and she automatically pulled her hand out
of the older woman's grip.

Dr. Laura  Braun quickly took a seat in the leather armchair behind the glass
lidded desk. She was a tall but slender woman in her mid thirties, with a feline
appearance, long auburn hair falling down on delicate shoulders, dark brown and
golden sparkled eyes under perfectly trimmed eyebrows, high cheekbones, a
smallish nose (which Kathleen was sure to be the result of a surgical
intervention) and beautiful heart shaped, deep red lips.

"Well, well, where shall we begin?" Dr. Braun cooed in a definitely non-American
English. "I recently studied the notes and data Dr. Kinsley, your private
therapist, sent me and I can say for certain that Blackberry Hill is the
appropriate place for you, Kathleen!"

The girl forced herself to smile in response of the doctor's disclosure,
although she wasn't really sure if she had any reason to smile.

 "How long do you think my daughter will have to stay in this institution?" her
father wanted to know and Kathleen could hear the sorrow in his voice.

"Well, well, it all depends on your daughter's attitude." Something in the way
the beautiful woman behind the heavy desk pronounced the word attitude alarmed
Kathleen, and the expression on the doctor's perfect face didn't make her feel
any better. For anybody else this expression would have merely been a well faked
smile, but for Kathleen it looked like a  triumphant grimace, like the face of a
cat that had just caught a mouse. And it made her shiver. But yet she didn't
know how she would come to dread this smile...

-*-*-*-*-*-*-

Blackberry Hill was a small private mental hospital, with never more than 100
patients the same time, that chose its customers carefully and had specialized
itself in the treatment of mentally shaken girls and young women aged 13 to 21.
Most of these patients ... no, ALL of these patients were daughters of
well-heeled upper class moms and/or dads, that were willing to pay any costs, no
matter how long their daughter's treatment at Blackberry Hill's would last.
Kathleen had just become one of those patients.

Soon after the talk with her new personal therapist Dr. Laura Braun was
finished, her parents had left the clinic quickly, her mother sobbing a deeply
moving "Take care *sniff* da-a-a-a-a-arling, we *sniff* lo-o-o-ve you!!", her
father patting his daughter encouragingly on the shoulder promising to visiting
her soon.

And now Kathleen sat on the bed in her new room, wondering who the person using
the second bed in this room, and therefor her roommate, might be. She didn't
have to wait long, as the door suddenly opened and a thin, red-headed girl
shoved herself in.

For a moment the red head stared at her in confusion, then carefully closed the
door behind her and walked over to the bed opposite Kathleen's own place to
sleep. The girl slowly positioned herself on top of her well made bed, and
Kathleen was stunned when seeing how extremely carefully and slowly the girl
moved her body until she had found a comfortable sitting position. Her strange
movements and the silent sighs and groans she let out, made it look as if she
was in great pain whenever moving special parts of her body. Kathleen wondered
how old the girl was. Maybe not older than she herself, most certainly even a
few years younger.

And so the girl sat there, eyes closed, facing the wall on the food of her bed,
breathing heavily. She was extremely thin and Kathleen wondered if her efforts
of avoiding any unnecessary movement were caused by her own fear of breaking her
fairy like limbs.

"Ummm..." Kathleen tried to catch the girl's attention "My name's
Kathleen...Kathleen Downey. I'm your new roommate." The girl just let out
another silent groan. "Are you in pain? Do you need something?" Although
Kathleen was aware of being in a mental hospital, the strange behavior of her
new roommate was unnerving her.

"Huh?" the girl opened her eyes and turned her head to look at Kathleen. Her
face was pale, her eyes gray and tired.

"I...I just wanted to know if...you looked as if being in pain..." Kathleen
stammered shyly.

"I'm always in pain." the girl muttered and turned her head back to face the
wall again.

"Is that why you're here?" asked Kathleen who really wanted to make this girl
talk.

The red head just smiled weakly without turning her head or opening her eyes
again "I'm afraid I forgot why I'm here."

Kathleen laughed because she thought her roommate was starting to joke. "You
forgot? Wow! You therapist here must either be a genius or a good-for-nothing!"

Those words made the strange girl move! In a flash she opened her eyes and
stared at Kathleen as if she had just said something unbelievably stupid. "Don't
say that!" she whispered, fear sparkling in her widely opened, grayish eyes.
"Don't say that! My miss...my therapist is great! She's wonderful! Please don't
say that!"

Kathleen gulped in confusion when she saw the panic on her roommate's pale face.
"OK." she finally managed to say "OK. I was just kidding. I'm sure your
therapist is great." The girl nodded, her face turned to its normal expression
again and she even managed to build up a slight smile. "I'm sorry..." she then
whispered, slightly ashamed. "I didn't mean to shock you." "It's OK." Kathleen
repeated, although the girl had really shocked her.

"My name's Bethany...Kathleen right?" Kathleen nodded, relieved that this
conversation was finally starting to become 'normal'. If it was possible at all
to have a 'normal' conversation in a mental hospital. "Who's your therapist?"
the red head wanted to know after a few uncomfortable minutes of silence.
"Braun." Kathleen said "Dr. Laura Braun." Bethany said nothing, just stared at
Kathleen with suddenly deeply sad eyes and a pitying expression on her small,
pale face.

-*-*-*-*-*-*-

The brunette doctor sighed happily when she lowered her bare body into the warm
water of her tub. This day had been more than pleasant. At first her nightly
session with Bethany, than the arrival of this new girl. Kathleen... what a
beautiful name! A beautiful name for a beautiful girl. She was exactly to the
young doctor's taste. A youthful face and body, looking younger than she
actually was, sea green eyes, light hair. A natural beauty, not Barbie like, as
some of the upper class girls of this hospital!

She was the perfect candidate  for the doctor's kinky preferences: A depressive
little teen snob with the tendency to suicide and a pair of dumb, self-satisfied
businessmen calling themselves 'parents'. Nobody would ask questions if
something ugly but unpreventable happened to such an unfortunate girl. Nobody
would find out...

Laura Braun slowly slit her hand between her legs, moaning slightly, while she
imagined Kathleen's naked body lying on the glassy plate of her office desk...

Oh what would they have fun together!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dandelion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





