BDSM Library - The Eggz!




The Eggz!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A pseudo medical drama that leads to another surprise conclusion.
The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture and sex. Please do not read further if any of these subjects
offend, or if you are not of legal age.

The following is for your sole enjoyment and your cooperation in not using the
material in any other application without the express permission of the author
is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar




The Eggz!



"Its sort of a hybrid, an invention of mine combining a little bit of the old,
with something more modern."

The dream fast dissolved. The voice sounded like one she should know.

"Nurse, I think our patient might need another whiff of O2. She seems to be
coming around."

Tia saw, and then felt the mask placed over her nose and mouth. She breathed
deeply.

"By 'hybrid' I coupled features of a rack with a surgical table. That's where
you find yourself now."

A violent twist of her head knocked away the oxygen mask-she didn't need it any
more. Tia struggled, but her limbs and ankles held. Her entire body stretched
with them. The gas cleared her fogged head. The room she was in was white.
Lights gleamed as she saw more clearly.

"Let me go!" Tia spat out her fury. She now knew the owner of the voice-her
biology professor at college was the speaker.

He was also the one cranking the rack.

Somehow, she had gotten on this torture table because of him, and somehow she
was nude.

"I think its time you met your nurse. Karen? You know Tia?"

Her emerald eyes blinked. Alongside of the table stood the pretty black teaching
assistant, except now her dark skin contrasted against the white lab coat. Tia
blinked again. The coat hung open. Full breasts swung. Karen's legs below the
coat at her upper thighs were bare.

"Sure I know the bitch. She's one of the fine lookin' ones in your class."

"That she is, Kay. Let me give this wheel one more turn...and the I think we'll
be ready."

The back of Tia's head hit the metal table. Her arms felt like they would be
dislocated. She could hardly breathe. Only her tight butt and where she hit her
head touched the metal. She screamed.

Karen watched for the safety of her own fingers as she pulled back Tia's
brunette hair. She didn't want to get bit. Taking an elastic band, she shaped
the hair into a ponytail. The hair felt warm to her touch, and for what it was
worth, she stroked it softly.

The professor grinned back at his nurse-slave and admired the pale legs with the
narrow strip of fur where they met. This one, he learned, had been a pom-pom
girl and track star all four of her high school years and for the last two in
college. That would explain her condition, he thought, as he let down his
trousers and climbed up on his invention's first victim.

Tia felt the movement. Straining to see down her chest, she saw a bald head rise
and then come closer. Her feet and shins scraped under the weight of the man's
bulk.

"Nooo," she bellowed, but the head continued moving and then she saw his leering
face. She screamed again as she felt fingers pry apart her pussy.

"Shhh," Karen said and carefully placed her lips over Tia's. Building more
confidence as she felt the lips relax, she dove her tongue inside. "Emmm." The
student tasted good. Karen's fingertips stroked the warm softness as she kissed
and felt Tia release more tension.

Tia almost choked on the strange tongue, and then relaxed. It helped to take her
mind away from what the professor was doing. Her tongue swirled over the TA's.



Her eyes bulged and she twisted her mouth away from Karen when she felt the cock
enter. Tears blurred her vision as she again strained down to see. The puffing
professor, and his hairy body were thumping into her. She wanted to retch.

The room darkened. Karen's leg swung over her. The bare pussy smothered Tia's
face. Her lips forced open. Tangy musk nearly gagged.

Light showed as Karen lifted off of her face. She felt the professor thrusting
deeper. Above, she heard kissing noises and saw up Karen's bare torso. In the
light above she could see the TA and the professor locking lips.

The room went dark again.

Tia felt the professor shoot his load into her. She felt him depart. A little
light shown as weight shifted. Karen's pussy dripped above her face, but now she
felt the other woman's lips and tongue. She groaned.

Without her knowing it, the racked and raped co-ed stretched her tongue higher
to meet the wet darkness above and moaned louder as her own sex was licked and
eaten.

She was out of breath when Karen finally lifted off. Tia panted. She knew she
was sweating, but froze when the face of the professor appeared above and to her
side.

"You may not approve, Tia, but as you know faculty is not paid all that well, so
we have a little plan to enhance our income."

Tia winced: the rack tension still stretched her limbs to the point of pain. She
tried to follow through agony what the middle-aged rapist was saying.

"To bring in lots of cash, we are going to harvest your eggs, hence the surgical
table aspect of your rack."

It was hard to believe what he was saying, but then again, everything else to
this point was very unreal. From what she knew about ovaries, she knew that all
women had just so many, and that there was a high demand for them around the
world. They could be bought, sold, auctioned.

She also knew that losing hers meant no children, which was okay because she
wasn't really sure if she wanted to be a mother anyway. She also knew she'd need
plenty of hormonal therapy, not to mention seeing a good shrink.

Tia only hoped the guy knew what he was doing.

"Of course," the professor said as he lightly ran his fingertips over the
thickness of one hard nipple. "There are many ways to do the harvest, including
using all sorts of television gear, but call me old fashioned I just believe in
doing it the traditional way."



"Ouch!" Pains from the rack were increasing, but the pin prick in her left arm
was new.

"That's just your maintenance IV," said the black cloud floating above. "It will
keep you filled with electrolytes and shit like that."

Tia sniffled and stared as the huge demi bra hovered over her head. It looked as
though Karen, the TA, had shucked the lab coat in favor of just underwear.

"I'm gonna stick your other arm with an IV too, but this one you'll like even
better 'cause its got drugs in it."

The professor heard Karen and looked up from the tools he was arranging on the
metal tray. "She gets no anesthesia. This is supposed to be torture, remember?"

Karen snorted and angrily stomped over to where he stood at the far end of the
rack. Tia could hear hushed words argued. The arguing stopped.

She saw Karen's back. Pinkish gray lines criss-crossed powerful shoulders. She
saw fingers reach behind and unhook the bra. The back disappeared as the bra
fell, and then a cracking whip frightened Tia even more. Minutes later Karen
returned to hover over Tia. Angry red welts streaked across the shivering
purplish nipples. Karen also was crying.

"I'm supposed to get you prepped child," she said and draped a wet cloth over
Tia's face.

Under the darkness of the cloth Tia heard the tiny clatter of metal on the tray
end. She felt the enema and the trimming and shaving of what hair she had left
between her legs. Through the damp gloom, a large oval light illuminated. She
could barely see it move. It seemed to be focused on her stretched belly.

"Stop your whimpering Karen. This is your kind of amusement, after all."

"But, master. You just can't do that without giving her anything." Whining might
help.

The professor grunted and wiped his hands on his trousers. "Okay. Start a
diluted morphine drip, but make sure it is very diluted and very little
morphine."

In just her panties and heels, the unorthodxically-clad surgical nurse injected
an opioid infusion of low strength morphine into the burette in the side of the
IV as the professor lifted cloth covering Tia's face.

She blinked rapidly under the new bright light.

"I'm going to place this plastic bar between your jaws. It's not exactly like
the Old West, where they got to bite a bullet, but you get the idea."

He recovered her face with the cloth and walked alongside the table until he
came to the small metal tray abeam Tia's hip.

"We like to call what we're going to do a bilateral ovariectomy because we'll be
going after both sides. When I mentioned doing this the traditional way, I meant
making a vertical incision, which I am afraid for one you age will leave a scar
that might prevent you from wearing any more bikinis."

Karen smirked: the least of Tia's worries were going to be future cosmetics. She
lightly slid her index finger over the wide pinkish perimeter surrounding one
nipple when a noise distracted.

"Can't you do something about that damn chirping, slave? Turn the darn thing
off."

The TA ignored the professor's growl in favor of watching the heart rate
monitor. It showed that Tia's HR rapidly rose. She turned down the volume
control and watched as the numbers on the machine flashed.

Getting an idea, she inserted two oxygen prongs under the cloth and into Tia's
nostrils. Karen fed in nitrous oxide.

She felt the tubes stuck in her nose and continued to hyperventilate. Tia
breathed deeply, and in moments felt dizzy.

The professor watched his assistant and the monitor. Satisfied that the
patient's heart rate was slowing, he took a shiny scalpel from the table. He
located a spot midline and just below the navel. The sharp blade easily sunk
into the young flesh.

Tia's drug-induced reverie shockingly sobered. Panic drove sweat to spurt as she
felt fire sear into her lower belly.

Karen saw the monitor flash. Numbers seemed to jump from the small window as
they raced higher, and higher. She glanced over her shoulder and saw the
professor bent over Tia's belly. Streams of red blood flowed from where he
started the incision. She saw Tia's racked body shaking from side to side. The
cloth covering her face made waves as it moved. She heard garbled screams from
the mouth with the plastic bit.

Not that she would notice that much, Karen wiped her own face free of tears and
bent down to softly plant a kiss on Tia's cheek. Looking up, she saw that the
professor was cutting halfway below her navel to her pubic bone. She kissed Tia,
and then brought sponges to wipe away the blood.



A shiny rectangle was wheeled over her when the cloth was removed. In the
mirrored reflection Tia could see most of her torso and lower body. A gory gash
split below her navel and was held open by some sort of spacer. Seeing the
opening made her pass out.

The professor kept his eyes riveted on the surgical field as Karen mentioned
what happened. He suggested using spelling salts to revive her, the morphine
drip depleted. He used the bloody pair of toothed forceps to carefully avoid a
uterine artery and removed the last of the eggs.

The special container holding the ovaries was delicately set aside.

"Come here, slave. You'll enjoy seeing this."

The TA revived a bleary Tia and stepped to her master. She looked beyond the
various clamps and hemostats. Inside swam a sea of orange, gray, pink, red, blue
and ivory. She recognized many of the contents.

The professor seemed pleased with his work. "What the hay? Since we're here, why
don't we take the rest of this stuff?"

Karen knew that once the professor got on a roll, it was hard to stop him. She
silently gathered more clamps.


Tia shivered. She could not take her eyes away from her reflection in the mirror
just above and behind her head.

A new sight distracted. The whites of Karen's eyes stared back. Black hair lay
across her white chest, but most of all, Tia saw half of her own pink nipple
disappear between Karen's lips. She felt her breast move as Karen sucked more.

She turned back to the open wound on her lower belly. Electric scissors whirred,
and she saw the professor lift out a purplish shape: her womb. He leered and
tossed it over his shoulder. Tia saw the severed uterus smash into the white
wall. A red smear trailed the pulp's fall to the floor.

Cold kept chilling. He next pulled out spaghetti shapes. Tia heard her Fallopian
tubes splatter as they were dropped. Her teeth started to chatter. Karen ran a
finger along her shivering lips.

The professor cut around the roof of the ravaged vagina and removed an orange
and ivory colored lump. He set the excised cervix on Tia's chest bone. Black
trails of fresh blood ran from each side.

Tia saw her puckered cervix, and then felt Karen's fingers remove the plastic
bit.

"Please...please help me...." Her voice sounded feeble as she pleaded.

Karen's lips wickedly spread. She gingerly opened Tia's jaws and placed the
cervix between her teeth.

Shadows grew inside of Tia's head. The body part her teeth gripped made things
worse. Her eyes rolled back. Shadows grew to midnight black as all for Tia was
stilled.



The familiar brown fingers caused her to jump as they reached down to where she
sat. She recognized the voice above as it spoke. The hand reached for her
papers.

"Time's up, honey."

Tia started and reality returned. She handed the TA the papers. Cramming for
mid-terms was finally over, and so was taking the test. Spring Break was next
and not a moment too soon.

Leaving the classroom, she was about to say something to the professor, but
since his bespectacled bald head was buried in the papers on his desk, she did
not. Finishing this class hopefully also put an end to her nightmares.

She whistled a happy tune as she walked out of the class for the final time and
into the hallway. She also made a pledge to herself to forget about taking any
more pre-med classes in the future.



The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





