BDSM Library - Shayla




Shayla
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her master had tried everything on her and he was bored. To win her master back, she arranged a special meeting with him.
WARNING

	The following work of fiction details explicit sexual interaction between
consenting adults in a BDSM scene, and will most probably offend someone out
there. If that's the case, don't read any further or you only have yourself to
blame.

	The work is the copyright of its author, Jay Lieberman, who can be reached
at jaylbrman@yahoo.com. Permission to reproduce electronically is granted as
long as the author is credited.

*****




Shayla's Special Gift
by Jay Lieberman
{BDSM, Anal, Lesbian, Felching, W/S, D/s}

	Shayla had spent the entire week in eager anticipation of the pending events
that the arrival of the weekend would herald. The long days at work- the same,
mechanized, pointless, dreary office existence she so loathed but was so
indispensable-seemed to crawl by, each hour an eternity as she sat at her desk,
totally unable to concentrate on her work, distracted by delicious daydreams of
what was to come. She had spent a long time planning for this special surprise
for her master, and was finding the agonizing wait almost too much to bear.

	Master John had expressed to her a faint but definite dissatisfaction with
her performance of late; it lacked feeling, spunk, verve, what-have-you. Aghast,
Shayla had at first attempted to allay his fears through a particularly energy
effort during their regular weekend session, but this only seemed to make him
all the more convinced. Putting it down to work-related stress, John had
suggested that she take a break, not see him for a while, which to her ears was
as harsh an edict as demanding she slit her wrists. He was the only feature of
her life that made it worthwhile, at least since she had graduated from college
and left behind the many decadent scenarios she had so carefully and lustily
engineered amongst the undergraduate throng. She had simply stared mutely at
him, and he had turned away, withdrawing his magnificent manhood from her
drooling mouth mid-fellatio.

	Shayla had gone home, devastated, and more than a little confused. What on
earth could she do to make amends, to her Master whom she had so brutally
wounded with her lack of effort and affection? She had bolted to her room upon
arriving, and stripped, turning to regard herself before her wall-length mirror.
Her short black hair framed a boyish face with clear blue eyes, a largish nose
and beautiful, sensual lips that had locked around the genitals of at least
three score bed partners of both genders. Her small high breasts, with the tiny
nipples that proudly bore a steel ring at her Master's behest, jutted out from
her narrow torso, protruding only slightly more than her flat belly. Her broad
hips were her most hated feature; she often complained they made her look too
fat, a laughable statement to those who regarded her lean frame with
considerable envy. Her long, shapely legs were well-defined and muscular, the
result of many years of rhythmic gymnastics and aerobics. Yes, she was an
attractive creature. But it seemed that Master wanted more.

	She had been enjoying the attentions of her Master for two years now. They
had met online, each equally desperate for a kindred spirit who shared the same
taste for the exotic in sexual play. Always dominant in sexual play when
younger, Shayla had taken a decidedly submissive turn since turning thirty, and
was thoroughly enjoying it. She still remembered as if it was yesterday the
first time she had met her Master in the flesh, his coffee-colored skin totally
free of blemish, encasing hard muscles toned by years of exercise, accentuating
his African beauty. A junior partner in a major Law firm, John had in turn been
equally entranced by the charm of the tomboyish Shayla, and knew the instant he
glimpsed her generously broad behind that he would enjoy her.

	They proceeded rapidly, despite both being relatively new to the world of
BDSM. At first they engaged in fairly conventional activities, Shayla learning
to accommodate his massive organ in her orifices. At first Shayla had thought
she would choke on the thick nine inches of black penis, but now found she could
massage the magnificent specimen with her throat muscles for long periods. Her
formerly inexperienced anal passage could devour the monster with equal ease,
and it wasn't long before the mere thought of receiving her Master's precious
sperm in her rear passage made her wet.

	Master had made it clear quite quickly that he had a special interest in
certain activities, that he expected of his slave, who he would refer to
in-scene variously as his whore, slut or bitch. Using profanity during play had
always excited Shayla- she had often exhorted her college boyfriends to call her
their cum whore as they exploded in her sopping wet cunt- and she was not
disappointed by John. John explained that he had an interest in anal play, and
over a period of months gradually extended Shayla's anal limits to the point
where she could stand being ridden anally for a good twenty minutes, and could
take his fist just past the wrist, though the first few times she had almost
passed out as he had worked his huge hand into her tiny rear orifice.

	John was also a very clean man, and as such became irritated when Shayla
soiled him in any way. She was expected to orally clean his magnificent shining
black weapon whenever it had been in her; she had quickly learned after having
to clean a shit-smeared cock clean to douche her ass thoroughly before each
session. Master would beam proudly as his slave performed this service, and
would reward her with a dozen swift strokes from his belt. Shayla had never
considered herself a masochist, but had since come to love the beatings John
would administer, especially those times when he would whip her shaved genitals,
the belt stinging as it bit into the wet flesh.

	For their first anniversary, John had given her a special gift. She had been
ordered to report to a body piercing saloon, where a heavy-set man covered in
tattoos had fitted her quivering cunt with numerous piercings, including several
heavy gold rings, one passing through her clitoris (she had been in agony for
some time after that), which made it effectively impossible to comfortably take
her vaginally. Thus, John informed her, she was bound to be an anal slave to him
and whoever he chose in future to use her (though he had as yet to force her to
service his equally kinky friends).

	Things had progressed smoothly from there, with Shayla serving her patient
but firm master in a variety of ways. She had, she estimated, taken several
gallons of her Master's thick white cum in her three holes, and reveled in every
last drop. His fist had enlarged her anus, which now reflexively opened under
the slightest pressure; Master would sometimes joke that she would need to wear
diapers soon, and Shayla wasn't sure he wasn't a little serious. These
activities had become a matter of course, however, and the old adage-
familiarity breeds contempt -had apparently become a truism. John was, to put it
simply, bored. He wanted a new horizon to look upon, a new taboo to break. And
Shayla was determined to give it to him.

	Posting several ads on the Internet, Shayla put out feelers for what she
knew would breathe new life into her relationship with her beloved Master. She
had received numerous replies, most of which she ignored, but eventually an
email arrived that made her wet just reading it. Contacting the sender by phone,
a meeting was arranged, and an agreement made, that would (hopefully) please all
parties. She did not breathe a word of this to John, who had declined to see her
for two weeks. He was, however, intrigued by her request for a 'special' meeting
at her house this coming Saturday. Prior to that, they had always met in his
lavish apartment, and conducted their debauchery there. Pleased by his bemused
acceptance, Shayla had hung up and spent the remaining hours dreaming about what
was to come.

	And finally the magic day dawned. Shayla slept in late, despite her
excitement (she knew it would be a long night, and would most likely stretch
well into the next day), and rose around eleven, just in time to make a quick
lunchtime call to her mystery guest, who seemed at least as eager as Shayla for
this night of nights to arrive. The day passed slowly, of course, as days spent
in anticipation do, and Shayla thought she might well die from the pure lust
coursing through her frame. A couple of stiff drinks (she figured she may need a
couple more to screw up the courage to go through with all she had planned)
calmed her, and she watched a little TV, before grabbing a quick dinner.

	The doorbell rang at seven in the evening, and Shayla fairly leapt at the
door, opening it to reveal a slender, young Asian girl, barely out of her teens.
Like Shayla, she had short cropped black hair, framing her cute round face, and
concealing little of the many earrings that filled each ear. Her face broke into
a cheeky grin as the door opened, and she bound past Shayla, who had opportunity
to gaze on the trim body barely concealed by the crop top and cut off jeans that
bounced past. Spinning as she entered, the girl smiled coyly and went to grab a
drink. Shayla closed the door and visibly trembled, a mixture of excitement and
apprehension coursing through her.

	"Well," Shayla began, a little shakily. "I'm glad you made it."

	"Are you kidding?" The girl laughed. "I wouldn't miss this for the fucking
world!"

	Shayla smiled as the girl removed her shoes and plopped down on the couch,
sipping a Bourbon and coke. Shayla moved to fix a dry martini, regarding the
girl carefully. Her name was Mimi, and she was a college student, majoring in
drama at a respectable institution. Classifying herself as pansexual, she had
answered Shayla's personal on Alt.com with the most explicit reply Shayla had
ever read. Subsequent discussion proved that the girl was literally unshockable,
and Shayla knew beyond a doubt she had what she had sought.

	The women engaged in small talk for an hour or so, before the doorbell rang
again. This time Shayla was not alone in her apprehension- Mimi was silent, and
seemed a little nervous, for the first time since she arrived. Rising slowly,
Shayla was aware of Mimi's eyes on her, watching her move, preparing to follow
her lead in dealing with this new arrival. Shayla paused to glance at herself in
the mirror as the doorbell rang again. Swallowing her fear, she opened the door.

*****

	John had an expression on his face to match his tone when he hung up after
Shayla's unusual request. Sitting in his office, he stared out the window, and
thought long and hard. This was becoming complicated. When he had first met
Shayla on the 'net, he had considered it nothing more than a chance for bit of
hard-core action from some little whore, a respite from the pressure of his job.
But he had quickly grown attracted, physically at least, to the willing
submissive, and before he knew it had found himself in a semi-permanent
relationship, albeit one with an unusual nature.

	Recently, he had found himself growing attached to Shayla; the closest
approximation he could think of was love. Previously he had thought it
impossible for someone to truly love someone who submitted to them so slavishly
in kinky activities; he figured he had some sort of mental block that made it
hard for him to respect someone who would lick their own shit from his cock. But
he had come to realize that in fact she was demonstrating her own love and
respect in the most profound way, acknowledging his dominance, yet at the same
time making clear her own affection. John had found himself returning the
affection, and had foolishly pushed her away.

	He had felt like a real shitheel, fucking with her emotions. Three days had
passed before he would even call her, and even then it was only to call off
their regular weekly session. After another week, he had begun to realize what a
mistake he was making, but before he could screw up the courage to ring her she
had instead called him, to arrange this meeting. John knew what it meant, the
unusual request and unusual venue- she was calling it off, and wanted a
comfortable venue in which to break the news to him. He should be grateful, he
thought, that she hadn't just slipped him an email or a message on his
voicemail. Sighing inwardly, he had agreed to the meeting, and then spent the
rest of the afternoon in a bar down the road, ignoring his co-workers, lost in
his own thoughts.

	When Saturday finally rolled around, he was in his own way as apprehensive
as Shayla; she was anticipating the greatest sex she had ever had, he was
anticipating the end of the greatest relationship he had ever had. Donning his
best Armani suit, he had headed to her plush upper-eastside apartment; not as
nice as his own but still comfortable. Though he had only been there once before
he remembered the address; an aspect of the affection he had felt even after
that first meeting when he had driven her home. Walking up to the door, he felt
his heart trip-hammering in his chest, and was consciously aware of beads of
sweat forming on his forehead, despite the cool Autumn temperature.

	So it was with considerable surprise that he regarded the scene that was
revealed to him when the door opened. There stood Shayla, his loyal submissive,
and behind her a rather nervous-looking Asian girl, surely no older than
nineteen, regarding him with a
I-wonder-if-this-guy-would-fuck-my-brains-out-tonight look. What the hell was
this, then? His replacement? John had blinked, and then regarded Shayla sternly;
he rarely smiled at her, it seemed too warm for their relationship.

*****

	Shayla stared right back, unaware of what was passing through her Master's
mind. He almost looked nervous, she mused, then pushed the ridiculous notion
away for the rubbish that it was. Stepping back, she allowed him to enter, not
saying a word. She helped him remove his coat, then hung it near the door.
Turning back, she saw him staring at Mimi, curiosity evident in his eyes.

	"I-" Both began simultaneously, then stopped when they heard the other.

	"Go ahead," John indicated, and turned to face Shayla.

	"I-... Master, this is Mimi. She is a... friend of mine."

	"I see," John turned back, and regarded the Asian teen. She certainly was an
attractive young woman; John had to push back a brief mental image of his long
cock thrusting between her voluptuous breasts, pumping thick, creamy cum into
that cheeky face.

	"Hi," Mimi stepped forward, offering a hand, which John tentatively took.

	"Good evening," John responded; so this was it, then?

	"Mimi is here to help me prove my worth to you Master," Shayla blurted out,
as if sensing her Master's discomfort.

	John raised an eyebrow. Now THIS was interesting. Perhaps he had it figured
wrong. Careful not to let any emotion show, he merely nodded, and stood staring
at the pair. Mimi took a step closer to Shayla, then two. Shayla responded,
slipping the T-shirt she was wearing over her head, revealing her naked torso.
Mimi stepped forward and lowered her head, nursing one of the small breasts
gently, while Shayla stroked her short hair. John felt an instant bulge in his
pants, and had to fight a titanic battle to not grin like an idiot. Fuck me!

	Shayla slipped her hands down to massage the Asian's tits through her crop
top as Mimi continued to suckle her breast, while John stood, watching
impassively. Raising her head, Mimi pulled back, a thin string of drool trailing
from her wet mouth to Shayla's saliva-soaked nipple. Shayla smiled, and pulled
Mimi's crop top over her head, letting the teen's full, round breasts bob freely
on her narrow chest. John was impressed; his imagination had not done the girl
justice.

	Reaching to embrace each other, the girls pulled each other close, their
mouths locked in a slow, languorous tongue kiss as their breasts mashed
together. Shayla ground her knew slowly into Mimi's crotch. Mimi moaned, but
knew not to return the gesture; she had seen Shayla's now-unusual genitalia.
Lowering herself, Shayla moved down Mimi's body, leaving a trail of saliva as
she licked downwards to Mimi's waist. Dexterous fingers unbuttoned and slipped
off the cut-offs, and Shayla continued her descent, her mouth locking over the
sopping wet hairless cunt now revealed.

	Inhaling the Asian girl's scent, Shayla delved deeply, sucking and
swallowing every drop of juice that she could. Mimi moaned and shuddered, and
grabbed handfuls of Shayla's hair, grinding her face into her cunt. John now had
a raging hard-on, but refused to lose his cool. Watching with an expression
almost akin to boredom, he turned away to fix himself a drink. The girls barely
noticed- Shayla was in heaven as she ate the first girl she had been able to
since college. Eight years had not dulled her skills, though, and presently Mimi
was busy coming into Shayla's face, which was soaked with slimy juice from
Mimi's sopping crotch.
	
	John returned as Shayla stood, smacking her lips and regaining her balance.
Mimi made no move to return the sexual favor; the role of submissive had been
established via e-mail and meetings, and although Mimi enjoyed cunnilingus as
much as any dyke, she knew that she was expected to maintain a dominant role
with Shayla.
	
	"That was pretty good, bitch." Mimi sneered, and glared at the gasping
woman. "What did you think, John?"

	"I think it was barely acceptable, Mimi," John replied casually, falling
into the role-play.

	"Hmm... Well, let's see how she does with my butt then!" Mimi moved to the
couch, and kneeled on it, facing sideways, leaning on the armrest. "Come suck
me, you little cunt!"

	Shayla mutely moved forward, kneeling behind the amazingly cute Asian teen,
gently parting her ass cheeks, gazing with lust at the puckered anus that lay
within. Taking a breath, Shayla leaned forward, and thrust her tongue into the
orifice, as if she were fucking it, which in a sense she was. Mimi gasped
despite herself, and began to frantically finger her clit as Shayla lapped
hungrily at her rear orifice, digging as deep as she could with her tongue,
while her hands kept the smooth buttocks spread. John continued to watch,
excited beyond belief, pausing to remove his trousers. His massive penis
protruded from his shirt tails like a black staff.

	Mimi moaned and thrust her butt into Shayla's face, while John moved to the
end of the couch, his cock pointing at Mimi's face. Mimi opened her eyes to see
the largest cock she had ever seen, heading at her mouth. Gulping, she opened
wide, and was rewarded with three inches of flesh filling her mouth, attempting
to force her throat open. Mimi was an experienced cocksucker, and managed to
accommodate the erect penis, taking it halfway in, which was far enough to suit
John, who began a steady, pumping rhythm into the girl's mouth.

	"Yeah, yeah you little whore, suck me," he moaned, and Mimi responded
enthusiastically. Shayla moaned encouragement from her position, her mouth
locked with Mimi's soaked rectum.

	Mimi paused in her fellating to issue another order. Shayla acknowledged the
curt request, and rose from the couch, moving behind John, spreading his butt
cheeks, and kneeling to worship his hole. Shayla had never done this before, and
to John it felt incredible! He moaned as Shayla's tongue delved deep into his
orifice, which sent shivers through him. Damn, that felt good! Mimi continued to
work his cock, while Shayla licked his anus, and John knew he would come soon.

	But it was not to be. Sensing his imminent orgasm, Mimi halted her
manipulation of his organ, withdrawing, leaving a trail of saliva which
glistened on the throbbing cock. She motioned Shayla away, gesturing for her to
move to the couch. Shayla lay down as she was bade, and Mimi moved to lay atop
her, inverted, so that their faces regarded each other's cunts. Mimi removed
Shayla's short skirt, and stared in awe at the pierced genitalia that were
revealed. Light glinted off over a dozen gold and silver rings, of varying
gauges, and Mimi wasn't sure she could find a clit in that metal maze.

	Shayla opened to accept the orifice lowered towards it, but Mimi stopped
just short, calling instead for John. He didn't need any coaxing. Moving to
stand above Shayla's head, he positioned his cock at the entrance to Mimi's
saliva-soaked rear entrance. Shayla held her breath as the massive cock slowly
pushed forward, gradually increasing in pressure as it seemed to split the
Asian's ass in twain. Mimi gasped, then cried out, then screamed as the tool
bored into her; she had taken plenty of cocks in her ass (nature's
contraceptive, as she liked to say), but none as large as this. Shayla had an
excellent view of this anal ravishing, which was set to continue irrespective of
protest.

	John moaned and grabbed Mimi's hips for balance as he thrust home, his balls
slapping against her olive-hued thighs as his thick cock almost literally
ruptured her asshole. Shayla licked at the balls as they moved back and forth,
the tool plunging deep into Mimi's anal passage, the tip broaching the second
sphincter, sending waves of pleasure and pain that only anal sex can elicit
through the teen. Mimi thrust back, and as she did a thin stream of urine
escaped her sopping cunt, striking Shayla in the face. Shayla blinked in
surprise, then did all she could do- she opened up. The piss poured into her
open mouth, quickly filling it, and she had to swallow several mouthfuls of the
strong, bitter liquid before the flow receded.

	John was unaware of this, lost as he was in the throes of an awesome ass
fucking. Sodomizing this young woman exceeded all expectation; had he seen his
lovely slave swallowing her piss, he would have almost died from excitement.
Closing his eyes, he began to thrust- hard- as was his wont, driving deeply and
without remorse into the girl, who was now crying, tears streaming down her
face, though she was unwilling to give up; Mimi wanted his creamy spunk in her,
and wished for a second that it could be in her cunt, pumping into her,
impregnating her so that she could bear the child of this magnificent man, a
purebred stallion would not compare.

	Suddenly, with a great cry John came, several long spurts of white jism
flooding Mimi's ravaged anal passage, pumping into her bowels. Mimi came too,
the intense sensation of his throbbing cock too much to resist. Shayla smiled as
she regarded this; the best was yet to come. Swallowing hard, she steeled
herself, and gently squeezed Mimi's thighs, to remind her.

	John pulled out, and felt Shayla grab his softening cock, taking it into her
piss-soaked mouth, licking the slimy mess from the penis. John leant forward so
that she could take most of it inside, sucking it clean. When she was done she
licked her fingers, then Mimi slowly lowered her ass, so that her anus was a few
inches above Shayla's open mouth. Working her internal muscles, Mimi grunted and
a long, sticky stream of come exited her gaping asshole, pouring into Shayla's
mouth. John gaped as his slave sucked at the come, raising her head and locking
her mouth to Mimi's rectum, licking as much as she possibly could from the
fucked asshole.

	Mimi jumped up, and turned to face Shayla. Lowering herself, she lay beside
the submissive, who raised herself up on one elbow, and let a mouthful of
brownish come slide down her tongue and into Mimi's mouth. Mimi accepted this
Gift from John willingly, then locked mouths with Shayla, so that they could
both share the taste and texture. John was visibly amazed, and remained
speechless as the girls swallowed every last drop they could salvage, before
pulling away from each other. Rising to their feet, they moved to stand either
side of him. John then smiled, broadly, and pulled them both close.

	"Is Master happy, then?" inquired Shayla. Mimi was gently frotting herself
on the black man's hairy leg while working his soft organ, attempting to coax
another erection from it.

	"Beyond belief, my little cum-sluts, beyond belief."

jaylbrman@yahoo.com
(Email me with suggestions for Part 2)
*****




Shayla and Mimi's Free Week
by Jay Lieberman
{Lesbian BDSM, Fisting, Anal Dilation, Scat}

Look for Part 1- Shayla's Special Gift.
*****

	After the torrid weekend with John, Shayla's relationship with her Master
had changed, as she had hoped it would, though the change didn't quite take the
form that she had expected. Instead of bringing her closer to the man whose
affection she had so sorely sought, it made her realize that, in fact, she was
more attracted instead to Mimi.
	
	And thus in a strangely ironic turn of events, she managed to achieve the
fulfullment of a satisfied sexual partner to serve, while trying to appease her
former Master, with the tool she had intended to use becoming instead the
solution. Of course, this didn't do Joh much good, but, to her amazement, Shayla
was coming to find she didn't care.
	
	She had not bothered inviting him back for the energetic session she and
Mimi had shared a day later, nor had she returned his messages on her answering
machine. Instead, she had met with him three days later for coffee, told him it
was over, and left it at that. John was rocked, of course, but being the
determined man he was made a mental note to chase up the leggy blonde that had
started working at his company last week. Shayla had been relieved, and rushed
home to share the news with her new play partner.

	Where Shayla and John had shared a strictly sub-dom relationship, Mimi and
Shayla shared a more fluid exchange of power, with each taking turns as the
dominant partner, exercising control over the other. They had made a decision
that, to be totally fair, whoever was in charge would be able to force the sub
to do *anything* they wanted, to explore any fantasy, no matter how perverse.
The flip side, of course, was that next time the glove would be on the other
hand (in more ways than one...) and revenge could be very sweet.

	At this point they had not truly tested each other's limits; none of the
activities they had engaged in went much beyond what they had initially done
with John. Thus it was decided that a special weekend was needed, to break new
ground, and cement their relationship. Each of them managed to get a week off
work (this wasn't hard for Mimi, being a student), and they packed their bags
and set off to a remote mountain cabin that Shayla's family had owned for
decades. A three hour drive from their homes, and a good hour or more from the
nearest shop, it was isolated enough for them to get up to all sorts of
mischief.

	Mimi brought with her a black suitcase in addition to her duffel bag, the
contents of which she would not divulge to the curious Shayla, despite numerous
threats and protestations. Instead, she merely giggled and winked slyly,
heightening Shayla's frustration. It became a game, almost; during conversation
on the long drive, Shayla would go -"So, what's in the case, then?"; but it
never worked. Mimi enjoyed how tormented her friend was, and secretly suspected
that she could have elicited the same reaction had she brought a totally empty
case.

	They arrived at the cabin late Saturday afternoon, determining to remain
until the next saturday, assuming they had sufficient supplies of food. Shayla
had stopped to purchase a generous supply of groceries from the shops that were
closest, the old man who worked there grinning slyly at the kinky bisexual
girls. And it was little wonder-Mimi was wearing a PVC skirt (no underwear of
course) and a crop top that covered little of her enormous breasts, and Shayla
was wearing cutoff jeans and a skin-tight white t-shirt. It was enough to send a
man blind with lust. Several times during the drive Shayla had tried to sneak a
hand under Mimi's skirt, only to have it slapped away with a giggle- "Wait until
we get there, naughty!"

	So it was with a good deal of anticipation that the girls settled into the
small cabin, dumping their bags in the bedroom and settling down in the living
room before the fireplace. Shayla soon had a cheery fire blazing away, and Mimi
poured them two scotches. Conversation was limited to small talk until the third
or fourth drink, at which point Mimi fell silent, and regarded Shayla with a
mixture of curiosity and desire.

	"So...," Mimi began, and Shayla returned the lustful look. "I can see you've
been gagging for it, haven't you?"

	Shayla nodded, allowing Mimi to take the dominant role for the evening with
that mute acquisition.

	Mimi nodded, and stood up. Smiling softly, she walked forward to the couch
Shayla was seated on, and gently ran her hands through her short black hair,
pausing to tilt Shayla's head back, so that she looked up at her girlfriend.
Shayla gazed up with adoration, and ran her hands up inside Mimi's PVC skirt,
rubbing her toned thighs slowly. Mimi released her grip, and pushed Shayla's
hands away. Grabbing at the skirt, she hiked it up, revealing her shaved cunt.
Shayla began to almost drool, and Mimi wiggled her ass.

	"Like that, don't you, you little whore," Mimi whispered, and Shayla again
nodded mutely. "Good."

	Mimi turned around, and bent over, revealing her hairless crack to Shayla,
who gazed at the puckered anus that was now visible, remembering with lust its
taste, its texture, and its flexibility. Watching John's cock disappear up it
had turned her on immeasurably, but not half as much as sucking his cum from the
orifice, as if it were nectar. Now, though, she didn't need a man's come as an
excuse to bury her face in this treat. Leaning forward, she parted Mimi's
buttocks and buried her tongue as deep as she could in the waiting pleasure
hole.

	Mimi shuddered and ground her hips into Shayla's face as the woman explored
her rear orifice with her tongue.  Shayla responded by prising the fleshy
buttocks further apart, burying her face in the exposed cleft. Licking and
sucking vigorously at the puckered anus, she slipped a finger down and into
Mimi's now-sopping slit, fingering her clit while the lithe asian moaned and
rubbed her massive tits, pinching her nipples while she did so. Shayla responded
in turn by adding two fingers, gently prising the well-used rectum apart so as
to lick at the sides of the orifice.

	Mimi by now was lost in the throes of orgasm, crying out and rubbing her
exicted nipples roughly. As her body spasmed Shayla began to make pleased
moaning noises from her position. Mimi grinned to herself, and decided for a
change of pace. Stepping forward, she spun round and pushed Shayla back into the
couch, pausing to lick her taste off Shayla's lust-flushed face. Shayla quivered
and then gasped as Mimi slipped an expert hand down her cutoffs, and begin to
massage her lover's sopping cunt.

	Shayla tugged at the denim garment, and Mimi helped her get the cutoffs off,
then stripped herself while Shayla removed her top. Both now naked, they gazed
in adoration at each other's lithe bodies, Shayla especially enamoured with
Mimi's truly magnificent breasts, easily double the size of any she had seen
before. Incredible though it seemed, they were quite real, and in decidedly good
shape. Mimi jiggled them with a giggle, and then knelt down to administer a deep
tongueing to her friend's wet orifice.

	Shayla shuddered in delight as Mimi's tongue quickly found its target, and
she pushed both her hands down on the asian's head, forcing her face deeper
between her legs. Mimi responded appropriately, grinding her face into the wet
hole, lapping at the freely flowing juices. Shayla began to make short, sharp
cries, much like the yapping of a small dog, and pulled at Mimi's hair without
realizing it. Mimi grunted in annoyance, but continued her oral assault,
launching Shayla into a short but powerful orgasm, gently reducing the attack on
the clit as the spasms died in her girlfriend's toned sleek boyish frame.

	"Mmm... that was good...," Shayla leaned back, eyes closed, and ran her
hands through Mimi's hair as the buxom asian lapped up the excess runoff of her
friend's come.

	"I'm glad you liked it," Mimi stood up, and flopped down into the chair next
to her naked lover. "But, that was just foreplay..."

	"Oh really?" Shayla gave a mock innocent look, and Mimi grinned slyly.

	Shaking her head, Mimi got up again, and went to fetch her bag of tricks.
Shayla watched the asian's nude form as it gracefully crossed the room, and
instantly began to feel wet again; she was so hot! Mimi, aware of the scrutiny,
wiggled her ass and made sure her nether lips were showing as she bent right
over to pick up her bag. Turning, she winked at Shayla and returned, her hips
swaying as her mammoth breasts bobbed with each step.

	"Now, this is going to take a while, so we need you in a comfortable
position," Mimi began, and Shayla nodded, curious and excited.

	Jumping up, Shayla explained that the couch was a pull-out bed, and
proceeded to remove the cushions, then with Mimi's help she yanked the
recalcitrant apparatus into shape. It fell into place eventually, and Shayla
bounced on it, giggling as the springs sounded the tension applied to them. Mimi
nodded, and motioned for Shayla to get on all fours. Positioning the cushions
underneath her friend, she made sure Shayla could relax in the doggie position,
then returned to her bag.

	"What now?"Shayla enquired, a little apprehensive but still excited.

	No response. Instead, she felt a sudden cold insertion in her anus, followed
by the trickle of a wet substance down the inside of her leg. The insertion was
followed by what must have been a finger, which proceeded to smear generous
amounts of lube around her ring, delving as deep as possible while also not
neglecting the exterior. Shayla gasped, but said nothing, preferring to wait and
see what was in store. Mimi also remained silent, intent on the task at hand.

	Presently the finger was joined by a second, and the pair began to gently
push in and pull out of the slowly-relaxing anus, until a third could be added
with little effort. Shayla panted and reached back to rub her excited clit,
which earned her a stinging slap on the left buttock. Yelping, she turned back
to question Mimi, and received another strike, on the right buttock, this time
much harder. Biting her lip, Shayla turned forward again, and winced as the
fingers were driven deeply, then yanked out savagely.

	Holding her breath, Shayla waited to see what was next. She heard Mimi
rummaging in her bag, then a curt command was issued- "Close your eyes, you
little anal whore." Shayla hadn't been talked to like that since John, and the
tingling sensation the tone created in her told her she had been missing out on
how much dirty talk turned her on. Closing her eyes, she breathed rapidly, and
heard Mimi clamber onto the bed in front of her. "Open them".

	Shayla opened her eyes and was greeted by the largest dildo she had seen
strapped to someone. At least nine inches long, it was almost as thick as her
wrist, and was covered in numerous bumps and ridges, designed to enhance
pleasure (or discomfort). Gnawing at her bottom lip, she waited a second, then
realized what was expected of her. Opening wide, she took the end of the latex
phallus in her mouth, and began to suck.

	"That's right bitch, suck my cock. SUCK IT!" Mimi exhorted her slave, and
yanked at Shayla's hair.

	Shayla gave out a muffled cry around the strap-on, and Mimi laughed cruelly.
"Ha! You did enough pulling when I sucked your filthy whore cunt, didn't you?
Well, have some back!" She gave Shayla's short hair a vigorous tug, and thrust
the large fuck-toy three inches down her throat.

	Shayla gagged and attempted to withdraw, but Mimi wouldn't allow it.
Instead, she grabbed the tomboyish dyke's head and drove the tool even deeper,
yelling at her to suck it. Shayla tried as best as she could, drawing on her
experience deep-throating John's impressive organ. But where John's cock had
been fleshy and warm, this item was cold and less pleasing to taste, and the
going was difficult. Sensing her friend's dismay, Mimi gave one last thrust and
withdrew.

	"You better have sucked my cock good, whore, 'cuz its going in your ass. All
the way. Gonna drive it into you," Mimi snarled, and rose to move behind Shayla.

	Shayla grimaced and gritted her teeth as the mighty phallus was positioned
at the end of her lubed asshole. Mimi grinned, then began to slowly but firmly
insert the ribbed dildo, giving Shayla a savage slap with each rib that slipped
inside the distended anus. Shayla felt split in half. She cried out, loudly,
then bit her teeth after three stinging blows from her asian domme. The dildo
continued its relentless assault, until Mimi's groin bounced off Shayla's fleshy
buttocks.

	Satisfied, Mimi then really went to work. Shayla began to weep tears of
pleasure and pain as the tool ripped into her guts, thrusted savagely by its
toned wearer. Each thrust became a little easier to bear, and the pleasure
emanating from her stretched anus began to outweigh the pain. Mimi continued her
verbal assault as well-

	"This is what I have planned, little whore, I wanna wreck your ass. I want
you to be as wide as two fists. I want your ass to hang loose for me to fuck
whenever I want. You'll have the loosest ass in the world when I'm done."
Excited by the dirty talk and the revelation of how much this fantasy of Mimi's
also turned her own, Shayla began to buck like a horse, thrusting back onto the
rubber cock, trying to take it deeper, ignoring the pain as it punched past her
second sphincter, even though it brought fresh tears to her eyes.

	After another full five minutes of rampant thrusting, Mimi groaned and
pulled out, mimicking the actions of a man who had just emptied his load in
Shayla's gaping butt. Shayla twitched and collapsed, exhausted, on the cushions,
while Mimi gazed in adoration at her gaping anus, which was distended to the
width of the dildo, refusing to close after that assault. A thin trickle of lube
ran down her thigh, and Shayla's cunt was wetter than Mimi had ever seen it.
Grinning, she removed the strap-on and tossed it aside, deciding for now not to
make her whore suck it clean as it really was quite filthy.

	After a while, Shayla moved as if to rise. but felt Mimi push her back down-

	"Not yet, ass whore". A little worried by what was next, Shayla complied and
waited with baited breath. She heard Mimi rummaging again, and was not surprised
by a fresh application of lube. This substance was different, thicker and
creamier than the watery stuff the asian had used earlier. Grimacing as Mimi
rubbed her abused anus, she was surprised when three fingers were suddenly
shoved in, and squealed when Mimi roughly twisted them back and forth.

	"Get used to it, whore, its going to be the only fucktool you will receive
from now on," Mimi snarled, and added a fourth finger, stretching against the
strong ring of muscle as best she could.

	Shayla grimaced and squirmed around, trying to find a position where the
probing hand wasn't so deep. But it was futile. Mimi grabbed her leg and, adding
the thumb, began to slowly fuck the ravaged ass, getting deeper with each
thrust, until the widest part of her hand was slapping into the anal muscle.
Shayla quivered- it felt damn good!- and began to gently thrust back, getting
into the swing of it. Then Mimi tensed her hand -"This is gonna hurt, bitch"-
and pushed hard, driving her hand up to the wrist into the ass. Shayla shrieked
and begged her to withdraw it, but Mimi ignored her, and instead stretched her
fingers out, so that they probed at the sensitive inner sphincter, eliciting a
strange cry indeed from her anal slave.

	Shayla forced herself to relax as the hand continued deeper, the extended
fingers gently parting the second ring of muscle, allowing the arm to pass in
past the wrist. Mimi spent some time there, gently massaging the inner ring,
prising it open, forcing it to accept this intrusion. Shayla began to relax, and
enjoy the strong sensations that were being created by this action. She had a
series of gentle orgasms as the fingers probed deeper and hit some unknown spot.
The arm began to get sucked in by the hungry hole, and Mimi giggled as she
looked down and saw she was halfway up her forearm.

	The widest part of her hand was now attempting to force its way past the
tight inner ring. "Once we get this mastered, you will be a true fistslave, and
I can punchfuck you every day. You'd like that, huh?" Shayla nodded mutely, then
shrieked as the hand passed through, and Mimi's arm was sucked in up to the
elbow. Smiling broadly, Mimi informed her slave of her progress, and Shayla
almost passed out. Certain that her ass would never be the same again, she began
to cast aside doubts and fears and enjoy it for what it was worth. Mimi shifted
her arm, sending waves of pleasure through her dyke lover, and then slowly
withdrew, until her fist was just inside the anal opening.

	Knowing what was next, Shayla shrieked before the fist was even driven home,
bursting brutally through her ravaged inner ring, which would certainly never be
the same again. Again the arm was withdrawn, and again it was thrust up to the
elbow into her gaping bowels. Mimi continued to punchfuck her lover, who was
shrieking at the incredible pain and pleasure caused her insides, and gradually
increased her tempo, until she could totally withdraw and then pass right up
inside with virtually no resistance.

	With a final mighty thrust she yanked her arm out; it came free with a loud
pop, and left behind a gaping hole that was twice as wide as it had been after
the strap-on fucking. Even Mimi was astonished, and she quickly whipped out her
camera to take a few shots. Shayla lay there, exhausted and incredibly sore, and
wondered if constipation would ever be an issue anymore; she was sure shit would
literally pour out of her all the time. Mimi rose to clean her shit-covered arm,
and Shayla rolled onto her side and fell asleep.

*****
	The pair slept long after the torrid fisting session, Shayla nursing her
ravaged bowels, Mimi her aching arms and back. The sphincter muscles are
incredibly strong, and it can be quite an effort to force them open. Late the
next afternoon, after a long lunch and a few drinks, talk came round to Shayla's
turn as domme, and what she had planned. Mimi didn't seem particularly worried-
she thought she knew the sub-inclined dyke well enough to know she didn't have
an active imagination when it came to dommeing- but Shayla remained quiet,
refusing to give hints.

	After drinks, Shayla suggested that they lay naked next to the fire, and
Mimi readily agreed, enjoying the freedom of nudity, relishing in the lustful
reaction her huge breasts elicited from her lover. Stretched out in front of the
couches, they spent some time chatting, until Shayla suddenly rose, muttering
something about getting another drink. Mimi nodded and lay still, her thoughts
far away.

	She was suddenly dragged back to reality by a clicking sound, and the
pressure of cold steel on her wrist. "What are you-" she began, and looked up to
see her hands being handcuffed to the metal base of a heavy coffee table. Her
upper body trapped, she giggled, and assumed this meant play time had begun.
Looking up, she saw Shayla standing over her, a fiendish gleam in her pretty
eyes. In her hand she held a hairbrush.

	"I promise to be good," Mimi whispered in a half-mocking tone.

	Shayla nodded, then brought the hairbrush down between the asian's open
legs, striking her with great force and precision directly on her mound. Mimi
let out a bloodcurdling cry, and doubled over as much as she could, her cunt on
fire. Shayla barked a command, something like "Still!", and laid several more
blows on the asian's toned ass, eliciting more shrieks, and pleas to stop.
Several more blows came, and then two hard blows right on her huge breasts,
stinging them incredibly.

	Shayla grunted and grabbed ahold of one of the fleshy tits. Squeezing hard,
she twisted it savagely, and Mimi let out another scream, tears in her eyes.
"Stop it, you bitch!" This earned another savage twist, and another hit with the
brush. Shayla grinned, and pushed the crying girl back on the ground, noticing
how wet she was from excitement at this abuse.

	"You like that, don't you slut?" she sneered, and Mimi said nothing, verging
on being terrified, her breasts and ass turning a nice shade of purple.

	"You said you wanted to open my ass, didn't you? Wanted it nice and sloppy,"
Shayla snarled, and stood astride her slave. "Well, its time to inspect your
handiwork."

	Turning around, she knelt down and squatted over the asian's face. Shayla's
hole was still quite loose, gaping and a little distended, not fully recovered.
Amazed and turned on, Mimi wondered if it would ever be normal again. Not if she
had her way it wouldn't...

	"I assume you're impressed, whore..." Shayla grunted, and lowered herself
further.

	Mimi blanched as the smelly hole came close to her mouth- she'd never been a
big fan of coprophilia- but Shayla was insistent. As Mimi watched, Shayla's anus
puckered and expelled a large, stinking chunk of excrement, the mess smearing on
her face. "EAT IT!" echoed in her ears, and Shayla ground her butt downwards,
forcing the rest of the shit down the asian's throat. Mimi coughed and gagged at
the taste, but proceeded to devour the mess, as Shayla mashed her ass into her
face.

	Standing suddenly, Shayla turned to look down at the shit-covered face of
her lover, and grinned.

	"Here's something to wash it down with, whore!" She spat, and let loose with
a stream of urine, striking Mimi in the face.

	Without thinking, Mimi opened her mouth and drank the hot, bitter liquid,
blanching at the taste. The flow was strong, but brief, and when it stopped
Shayla flung herself down on the girl, licking her mess from the buxom asian's
face. Mimi probed the tomboy's mouth with her shit-smeared tongue, and the two
lay there, for what seemed like hours, savoring the moment...

(Part Three to come...)

jaylbrman@yahoo.com
*****




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jay Lieberman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





