BDSM Library - My Encounter With A Woman




My Encounter With A Woman
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Women played themselves when boyfriend went out of town.
MY ENCOUNTER WITH A WOMAN


My boyfriend had been sent out of town for a month for work.  I was not used to
being alone and on my own.

One night I was tired of being home by myself so I went downtown to bar on the
top floor of the Hyatt Hotel.  As I sat at the bar listening to the music a
woman approached me and asked if she could sit down next to me. 

I said sure and she started to talk to me.  We seemed to click right away.  We
had so much in common; art, music and we were both lonely.

When the bar called for last call.  We both got up.  I was prepared to leave and
thanked her for her company.  She suggested that we continue our conversation in
her room.  She had a complete wet bar.  She was staying in the same hotel.  I
said that was nice.  I did not feel like going back to my lonely apartment.

We went down to her floor.  She guided me to her room by holding my arm.  When
we got inside she told me to sit down on the sofa and she asked me what I wanted
to drink.  I thought and said a beer would be fine.  She went off to the kitchen
area and came back with two cold beers.

She handed me mine and she sat down next to me on the couch.  She was awfully
close I thought.

As she sat down she leaned over and cupped my breast.  She ran her fingernail
over where she thought my nipple should be.  She hit right on the mark and
bisected with her fingernail.  I screamed from the pain in my nipple

She said,  "Oh baby did I hurt you," and I said yes.  In one quick motion she
lifted my sweater and bra and latched onto my nipple and began to suck it.  I
was in shock.  She just kept on sucking on my nipple and as she did that she
moved her hand down my stomach.

I tried to move away but she slid her hand under the waist of my skirt.  Going
right under the elastic of my undies.  Right to my pussy and she started to play
with my clit.

I kept on saying, "No, No,"

She looked me in the eye and said,  "if you are protesting this then why are
your legs wide and giving me better access to your wet cunt.

Good Question I thought.  I had no answer.

She got a cold hard look on her face and she spit out, "face it bitch you are
going to be fucked good tonight."  She then took her long fingers and shoved
them right up my cunt into me.  It was unbelievable.

I was so horny and she proceeded to work me into a frenzy

As I laid splayed on the couch, she took my clothes off and walked to the window
leading to the porch and opened the door and put them on a chair out there.  She
said this will ensure you don't leave me.

I was lying on the sofa, legs splayed.  She came over to me and pulled on my
nipple and told me to stand up.

She led me, by my nipple over to the table in the eating area.  She shoved me
over it, kicking my legs wide and told me not to move.

She went into the bed area and got a suitcase.  She proceeded to put it on the
table in front of me.

She opened it and took out three cords.  She told me to reach forward, which I
did; she placed handcuffs on my wrists.  She then tied one of the strings to
them.  She then went behind me and pulled my legs further apart and tied them to
the table legs.

I could feel my cunt dripping.  She then trailed her hands up my legs as she
arose.  Trailing them up my ass crack, up my back to the back of my head and she
then took hold of the rope on that was attached to the handcuffs and pulled it
over the light and secured it up there. 

It pulled me up and she told me to stay that way.  I was tied securely.  She
then went back to the suitcase and took out two Japanese clips and placed them
in front of me on the table.  She leaned down and sucked my nipples making sure
they were hard and clipping one on each nipple. 

They hung there with their chains hanging down from my nipples.  They were
hurting me so bad.  Tears started to run down my face.  She did not seem to care
if she was hurting me or not.  She went over to the suitcase and took something
out of it and went into the bedroom area behind me.

I could not see her but I could hear her moving around back there.  When
returned she came in front of me and she had a big black dildo strapped on.  It
was about 8 inches long.  As she walked she ran her hand up and down it.  As she
walked it bobbed from between her legs.  She approached me, as she did she
pulled her lips apart and I could see she had a dildo in her pussy as well.

She went behind me and felt between my legs.  I moaned and she said,  "good wont
need to lubricate you like some of the other uptight cunt bitches I do in
Baltimore.

 She positioned herself at my opening.  I could feel it spreading the hole.  She
reached around me and took the two chains that were attached to the Japanese
clips that were attached to my nipples.  She pulled the strings that were
attached to then tight.  She almost ripped off my nipples.  As I screamed from
the pain, she shoved the dildo into me in one full stroke.  Holding the "reigns"
she yelled, "ride em cowgirl!" and proceeded to fuck me hard.

I started to cum and cum and cum so hard.  I was moaning from the sensations
going through my body as she reached around and grabbed my clit and worked it
back and forth when she came.

(c) zoneiwon 2001




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  zone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





