BDSM Library - The Payment




The Payment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife pays for husbands sins and then some more actions after the payment fullfilled.
The Payment

Chapter 1-x

My husband was out of town on business. I was sleeping in bed when all of a
sudden I heard a noise downstairs.  I wasn't sure what it was.  I crept down the
stairs and as I peered around the corner a hand reached up and pulled me over
the banister headfirst.  I could feel a gloved hand over my mouth as I
struggled.  All of a sudden the room went dark.

I opened my eyes slowly and knew something was not right.  I was lying on the
dinning room table with my hands and legs bound to each leg.  I was on my back.

As I was able to focus a blind fold was slipped over my eyes and the world went
black again.  I heard a man with a metallic voice, he was disguising it from me,
tell me that, "You are a payment for a bill that your husband did not pay.  He
knows that we are here that is why he is out of town. The table is surrounded my
three people.  You will pay them.  They have submitted a list to us with what
they want to do to you.  Some are painful, some are sexual and some are
submissive."

"I am known as the conductor, I will read the amount owed and what he wants in
payment for each bill."

There was a pause and I heard a chair move back and footsteps approaching. 

"The sum is $2,000 and the punishment is pussy denuding with wax and waxing your
nipples.  But first things first."

I felt a knife at my pussy slit and he began to run it up my body on the blunt
side when he got to the top of my nightgown and robe he turned the knife and
split it down the sides.  I then felt all the men reach out and pull the fabric
off me until I was naked.  I felt spot lights go on and I could feel the heat on
my body. 

I was laying on the table spread open for all to see, surrounded by men I had
never seen and I could feel myself getting wet in-between my legs.  I felt
something warm right near my vagina and then a sizzling pain of hot wax hit my
vagina.  They kept on dripping and dripping it on my pussy.  One man held my
lips apart so that the wax wouldn't seal it.  They made sure the entire lips
were covered.

Then I felt the wax over my nipples.  They completely covered my nipples, which
I knew were hard.  Then I felt a knife scrapping my vagina and I felt the hair
being pulled out by the roots.  I started to scream when someone stepped over my
face and put his penis into my mouth and started to move up and down in my
throat essentially gagging me.  They kept tearing the hair out until I was
completely bald down there. 

Then they started to use the knife on the sharp side and shaved the wax off my
nipples.  I was scared that they were going to hurt me beyond repair or even
kill me and all I could think of is I wish someone would relieve this fever
inside me.  How perverted was I. 

I heard someone whisper something and then everyone laughed.  The conductor put
his fingers into the opening of my vagina near the lips and spread them.  He
said, "I can see you are turned on by this because there is plenty of moisture
and evidence down there."

"Mister number one are you satisfied with your payment. Ok you may sit down
now."

"Now number two is owed $5000.00. He demands to take your ass hole." 

With that someone got on the table between legs.  I felt some one untie them and
I started to kick but they pulled them up over my head and spread them wide and
retied them to my arms.  Then they got a cushion of some sort and shoved it
under my back raising my ass in the air.  He reached down and blew in to my
asshole and all of a sudden I let go a fart.  They all laughed. 

I felt the same person lay his hand along my thigh and run them up and down. 
Something did not seem right.  It wasn't a mans hand.  Then the person shoved a
finger inside of me and I could feel a long nail attached to the finger.  I knew
it was a woman.  She opened my vagina and said to hand her some clips.  Someone
handed them to her and she put them on both sides of my now denuded pussy.  She
said she wanted to watch me slick up. 

She then positioned herself and rubbed the dildo into the moisture in my vagina. 
She just rubbed it back and forth a few times, inside  the slit but never going
inside.  I could feel that the dildo was a big one.  My husband had a big cock
and on our wedding night I bled for so long after he popped my cherry.  What
would this one do. 

She pushed it into the opening of my rectum and pushed until she got it in.  She
started to move it back and forth.  I could feel it tearing the delicate flesh. 
I all of a sudden felt a deep burning in my ass.  She sneered, "I guess you
found my little surprise.  Nothing like bengay for my ass fuck."  The further
she fucked into me the further she spread the Bengay into me. 

She moved out of me and watched me move back and forth in my pain to relieve the
burning.  She would blow on my clit until I was on the verge of cumming and
stopped. 

"I don't want to let you have any satisfaction because this is punishment not a
pleasure."

Finally the burning stopped.

The conductor said is payment fulfilled and she said yes.

"Now is gentleman number three's turn. You owe him $15,000." 

I thought what more can they do to me to pay for this amount.  I would soon find
out.

"Gentleman number three requires that he claim certain portions of your body as
tribute and payment."

The third gentleman stepped forwards.  He lowered my legs and rebound them to
the table.  I could tell he was wearing rubber doctor gloves.  He took some ice
and used it to stimulate my nipples.  He then pulled my nipples out and put
clips on them and attached them to the chandelier.  I could feel them being
pulled away from my body.

I felt a prick and then a full push in the base of the nipple.  He did the first
and then the second.  He kept testing them to make sure they were straight I
guess.

He then let the pins stay in them and went between my legs.  I felt his fingers
caressing the folds of my womanhood.  He plucked at my clit until I could feel
it standing out and engorged.  He then pulled on it sharply and I felt something
sharp go into and then out of it.  He left it there and started to move the
sharp object back and forth enlarging the hole he was putting there. 

I could feel myself juicing up more and he said we will have none of that and he
took a blow dryer and turned it on.  I felt the hot air on my pussy and could
feel it drying up the moisture until I was so dry down there it hurt.

I felt his slip in some ring of some sort in my breasts and vagina.  He shook
them and I could here a twinkle.  I realized that they had little bells on them.

The conductor said, "Is payment fulfilled" and the man said "yes."

The conductor said "its my turn."  He got on the table between my legs and
entered my dry pussy.  I cried out at the intrusion of his penis into my vagina. 
He pulled on my nipples and stimulated them by sucking on them and then leaned
down and rubbed my clit until I felt my juices lubricating his penis and making
the in and out motion faster and slicker and more pleasurable. 

Just as I climaxed the man pulled the blind fold off my eyes and I saw that the
conductor between my legs bringing me to satisfaction was my husband and I gave
up in ecstasy. 

We had found a new way to express our love to each other.




CHAPTER X 2

He untied me and made me stand by the front door naked, so that all my neighbors
if they were watching while getting their morning papers, would see.  As each
man or woman left, I was to French kiss them on the mouth then get down on my
knees and pay homage to their organs and invite them back later that night for
more of my training in my new life as a sex slave. 

When they were finally gone my husband sat on the sofa and told me to crawl over
to him and sit between his widespread naked legs.  When I got there I was face
to face with his upthrust organ.

He then told me that there would be some changes in our life as I knew it.  I
would walk around naked all day.  I would always be ready for his pleasure and
if I did something not to his satisfaction he would punish me.  And he would
know since his office was just down stairs.  As he was talking to me he was
pulling on my nipple rings.  I could hear the little bells ring every time he
pulled them.

He then pointed down to his penis and snapped his fingers and I leaped onto his
penis and began to move my head up and down and suck him until he came in a rush
of hot fluid into my mouth.

I swallowed his semen and when I raised my head he told me to get up and lean
over his lap.  He then proceeded to take his hand and smack my ass.  It hurt his
hand against my flesh.  When he gave me 40 slaps on the ass he entered my vagina
with his fingers and started to bring me off.  He kept on entering and leaving
me until I had a hard time catching my breath and then he stopped.

He spread a clear plastic sheet on the chair and then laid a black cloth over
it. He ordered me to sit on the living room chair.  It was high back with long
arms.  He took my legs and pulled them over the side of the arm and secured them
to the legs.  This opened my vagina wide open.  He tied my arms behind the
chair.  He pulled the TV and VCR in front of me and placed a tape in it. 

The tape was a bondage and submissive tape that showed all the equipment, the
horse and inverted v horse, the pulleys and stocks, whips and chains and the
dildo's and vibrators.  They were demonstrating it on an unwilling victim.  And
I came without anymore stimulation.  I could see the wet spot on the fabric
between my legs. 

After that come he shoved a dildo vibrator into my vagina and turned it on high. 
I could feel it really moving in me.  He put another bondage tape in and this
time from the moisture the vibrator slipped out.  He shoved it back in and held
it until I came in a roaring gush of liquid. 

He pulled the fabric out from under me and went and hung it over the front porch
banisters.  No one knew what the spot was but I did and I was embarrassed. 

He untied me and pulled me up.  He told me that in the basement were mirror
squares.  I was to bring them up and tile the dining room with them.  It should
be on all four walls and the ceiling.  I went to the basement and I saw all
sorts of boxes with labels on them.  In the corner I saw the squares.  I lugged
them up stairs.  It took me several trips to the basement and back to bring all
the mirrors up.  My husband had laid out the adhesive and the ladder.  I did the
wall's first and then when I went all the way up for the ceiling my husband
approached me.  I thought it was about time he helped.  But all he helped
himself to was a feel of my charms.  He rubbed his hands on my ass and on the
front of my pussy. 

When I was finished he removed the ladder and the adhesive.  I could see he had
attached hooks into the ceiling.  He then told me that "this table was his
sacred altar and that I was going to be the sacrificed on it when ever he wanted
me too.  Like now"  and he pushed me down with my legs hanging over the end.  I
was flat on my stomach.  He kicked my feet apart and pulled my cheeks open and
pushed himself in my ass.  He kept my ass cheeks spread wide while he fucked me. 
It felt as if my crack was cracking more.

When he was finished he told me to remain that way.  He went down stairs and
then I heard him coming back up.  In his hands he had a kind of fishing tackle
box.  He placed it on the table and he took out a dildo that looked like a
speculum.  It was actually an open cylinder with inner screws in it.  He
inserted into me.  He went longer and further into me then either the girl or
his penis.  I screamed.  He kept on pushing until he was satisfied.  Then he
started to spread it.  When he was finished I was in a cold sweat.  He had my
asshole so open anything could get in there. 

He then instructed me to stand up and turn around.  When I did he told me to
lean back on the table.  This was really hard because of the hard pipe in my
ass.  He did not offer to help and when I sat on the table it was pushed in
further.  I was finally able to get on and I laid back.  He spread my legs and
placed a small vibrator butterfly on my clitoris.  He then told me to lift my
ass up and he placed a hard plastic under me and told me to adjust my ass into
the groves.  He brought up the middle section between my legs and attached the
two halves on either side of my waist with real padlocks.  He told me to stand
up and get off the table again.  I did this and he pulled my nipple rings out
and attached cone shaped holders to my breasts.  They looked like something that
Madonna used to wear on her tours.  They really hurt.  They were to small.  He
kept pushing my breasts into it and tried to snap it closed.  He finally did it. 
And he stepped away and I could see what I looked like.  I had my breasts in
pointy gold cone with the end of my boobs sticking out the end hole with the two
rings hanging off my nipples.

He was pleased with the way I looked.  He told me to make his dinner.  I had not
realized that it was that late.  He said we had to eat because he had some
friends coming over later tonight.  I went to the freezer and I felt something
buss on my clit.  I looked at him and he laughed.  He slowly opened his hand and
inside was a small remote control.  He kept on buzzing it when I least expected
it.  One time I was by the sink he left it buzzing so long I had to grip the
edge of the sink not to collapse from the sensation of it on my clit.  He
stopped it just as I was approaching my climax. I ran at him at full speed
trying to jump on his penis.  I wanted satisfaction.  He held me away from him
and I hit him across the face with my hand.

His face swung around with the force of the blow but when he turned back to me
his eyes were so cold I tried to shrink away from him.  I knew I was in trouble. 

He grabbed me around my neck with both hands and hauled me over to the same
chair that he used that morning.  He tied my arms to the back of it and then
tied my legs so that they were also spread out.  My pussy and clit ring was
standing out for all the world to see.  My slit was glistening from my
excitement that had occurred from the butterfly.  I could see it and I could
feel the moisture.

He went upstairs and when he came down he had one of his leather belts in his
hand.  He doubled it up and rubbed it into my slit and then he reared his arm
back and brought it down full force on my exposed pussy and clit.  The pain
radiated from the vagina area was so intense.  He kept on whipping my pussy.  I
could see it getting redder and redder.  He finally split the skin and I cried
out in pain.  He was panting.  He leaned down and licked the blood and then he
entered my pussy in one plunge.  The pain from the whipping and the pain from
the entering was horrible. 

He moved his penis in and out then when he was sealed to my vagina he started to
grind on my sore pussy.  I was so tender I could feel the hairs on his groin
grinding into me.

He pulled out of me just as I heard the door bell ring.  I begged him to untie
me.  He refused, he shoved his hard penis into his pants and zippered them up. 
He went to the door, looked in the peep hole and swung the door open wide. 

In walked one of the biggest man I had ever seen.  He had to stoop when he
entered.  He stood about 6-10 and was solid muscle.  He wore chains and leather. 
He was bald and he looked evil.  Behind him came in a biker babe and two other
cronies.  My husband knew him because they greeted each other like long lost
friends. 

He noticed me and came over and yanked on my nipple rings and then ran his hand
down to my pussy. When he got there he made a fist and punched it into me.  I
screamed from the pain of the invasion.  He said "its ok but we'll make it do
more and better."




Chapter 3

He then motioned his friends over and said "hey Boss man you don't mind if we
all cop a feel do you"

To my dismay, my husband shook his head no.  The two guys came over and fingered
my boobs and vagina.  Then the girl came over and leaned down between my legs
and pulled my pussy lips open wide and slowly pushed her three fingers into my
opening.  She kept shoving them in and out until I started to really wet up and
then she lowered her face and gave me a big wet lick right in my pussy.  I
screamed from the sensation.  She then sucked my clit, and ring, until I came.  
I came in a rush and she licked it all up.  She looked at the biker and he said
"That's my good bitch."  he then turned to me and said, "you will be our Bitch
and do all that we say."

He turned the chair over so that my head was on the floor and my legs were up in
the air.  The biker opened his fly and pulled out a big prick.  He lowered
himself over my face and told me to open up.  I opened my mouth and he sat right
down on my face.  I could feel his leather encased ass on my face.  I heard some
rattling and then I felt him lean over and someone pulled my pussy lips open and
I felt a cold chain being inserted link by link into my pussy.  I could feel
each link as he pushed it further and further into my canal.  I had no choice in
the matter I was spread open with his penis in my mouth.  I could not even
scream for help.



(c) zone nov 2000




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  zone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





