BDSM Library - The Snuff Movie




The Snuff Movie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A group of wealthy hollywood perverts view a snuff movie featuring three luscious female victims. I discovered this story while looking for a story I wrote about the Hitler Youth (vicious teenage thugs, the males at the peak of their sex drive supervising nubile female victims in 'work details'). I haven't yet found this exercise in political incorrectness, but I did discover a few which I will tweak up and submit.
Snuff Movie  by Llabmik

	Chapter 1 - The Audience Arrives

	The rich, very upscale members of The Snuff Club arrived to view the latest
snuff movie from California. It was billed as a triple slaughter. They and their
camp followers were eager for a sniff of dying quiff. Each had brought his or
her own supply of toadying suck sluts, flatbackers and Anal Annies for quick
reference. The star-struck fuckmeat, as always, was totally enchanted at the
prospect of absorbing some celebrity slime or slurping up some rich bitch's cunt
scum while enjoying some of the perq's of wealth and privilege like watching a
screaming beauty snuffed hard.  

	Some of the audience were recognizable celebrities, for example actors who
always starred as the bad guy because there were exactly zero people in the
universe who would believe they were good guys. A lot were movie people.
Actresses who found it easy to portray evil bitches from hell because they were
simply playing themselves. Sleazy producers (is there any other kind?) and their
slimy director suck-ups stepped out of stretch limos to enter the foyer of the
elegant theatre. Their thoroughly corrupt personal toadies and professional
ass-lickers slithered in with them, eager for rich boy and rich bitch thrills on
penny-ante salaries. 

	It was a high strung, sweaty sort of audience. They twitched and shuffled in
nervous excitement until the lights dimmed. Each had his or her own booth with a
view of the big screen stocked with a good supply of leather couches, baby oil,
vibrators, hot babes and vicious studs. The big screen made the suffering larger
than life which is how everyone liked it. 

	The screen flickered eerily before the title credits began to roll. The
production company was mentioned first, spelled out in bamboo sticks lashed
together, dripping blood: YAKUZA CRIMSON DRAGON PRESENTS. The next shot was an
extreme close-up, side shot of two fabulous breasts projecting proudly upwards
capped by cherry nipples. On the underside of each, tattooed in black gothic
script, was one word of the title: Snuffed Fluff. A dirty snigger of
appreciation arose as the camera panned back and up. 

	The two breasts, freshly severed and still leaking blood, were resting atop
a silver platter.




	Chapter 2 - The Starlet

	The movie opened with the voluptuous form of a young starlet, luxuriating
languidly on a deck chair next to a swimming pool, wearing a thong and a cutoff
t-shirt. She was a sexy bitch and she clearly knew it.  Since she had no
contacts in Hollywood, she had gotten her job the time honoured Hollywood way.
The Director's sperm was in her cunt, the Producer's sperm was in her bowels and
the Leading Man's sperm was moving through her digestive tract.

	The starlet milked her 'chance' for all it was worth, shamelessly flaunting
her assets. She inflated her chest for the camera, pressing her erect, recently
iced nipples hard against the front of her flimsy t-shirt. The camera zoomed in
close for the tit shot. It moved down for a lingering full-body appraisal,
panning slowly from her polished toenails, pointed prettily, up her long lovely
legs. With a small moan, she parted her thighs and the camera lingered on her
smooth, shaved pussy, her cuntlips and slit clearly visible through the wet,
whispy thong. She gave her hips a few brazen little humps. She had been told to
make it as sexy as possible and knew that they could edit out anything that was
too risque for the censors. She didn't want anyone thinking that she was in any
way inhibited while the cameras were rolling and knew that the out-takes would
get shown around, producing more work for her.

	The audience sighed collectively. Their evil, gleaming eyes drank in the
thong disappearing into the crack between tight, nicely dimpled asscheeks
pumping lewdly for the cameras. She shifted a bare buttock sensuously. After an
indecent interval, the camera continued panning up her torso. The t-shirt had
been cut off just below her nipples so that the bottom half of her quivering
breast meat was tantalizingly exposed. She slowly poured a pitcher of ice water
over her big, jiggly, one hundred percent natural  breasts for a clingy, wet
t-shirt look, rubbing the ice cubes over her nipples, coyly exposing the
aureolae and giving a flash of teat. She tilted her head back, ran the ice cubes
up her neck and sucked on them lewdly with luscious, glossy red lips.

	The camera lingered on her exquisitely chiseled face as she lewdly licked
her full red lips with her wet pink tongue.

	While the starlet was putting on her delightfully obscene performance, a
she-bitch gave the informative voiceover. Her throaty, poisonous purr filled the
speakers.

	"This actress wannabe thinks that she is protraying a floozy in a gangster
movie. This is supposedly the scene where the police raid the godfather's house
and arrest everyone. This dumb cunt thinks that all she has to do is deliver a
few easy, cornball lines and assume the position against the wall. That's when
the fun begins."

	The audience sniggered.

	Suddenly, several extremely large policemen stepped into the scene and
surrounded the starlet. She looked up at them defiantly, and delivered her last
words.

	"Whaddaya want, ya lousy flatfeet? Ya can't just bust in here!"

	The delivery was rather flat, but the audience wasn't disappointed at all.
To them, she was still star material. An extremely muscular policeman barked
orders roughly at  her.

	"Get up! Put your hands against the wall, step back and spread your legs!"

	At least her body language was good. Insolently, she got up from the deck
chair, languidly taking her own sweet time about it. She put her hands against
the wall and stepped back. The over-size cop barked at her.

	"Spread 'em, baby!"

	She spread 'em nice and wide to give the cameras a good crotch shot and
stared straight ahead at the wall. The audience leaned forward expectantly.       



	Behind her, the oversize cop shrugged his massive shoulders and wound up
with his nightstick like a golfer preparing for a long drive. As he started his
swing, it switched to slow motion. With tantalizing slowness, the nightstick
reached the bottom of the swing and began driving up between her lovely legs.
The nightstick buried itself deep in her crotch, beautifully aligned with her
slit. Her feet lifted off the ground and the top of her cutoff t-shirt popped up
exposing bare breasts lifting in unison. Her luscious lips opened in an O of
surprise. Her  composed, elegant face shattered into a grimace of deep shock and
anguish.

	She fell in slo mo to the ground. Even in slow mo her hands clamped over her
crotch with surprising speed. She landed, face first, on the concrete, urine
trickling between her fingers. There was a close-up of her pretty face grinding
into the the rough concrete.

	The picture went back to normal speed. The audience savoured the sound of
her sobs and laboured breathing.

	The policemen had their nightsticks out and pounded her hard in the kidneys.
She screamed and flipped over onto her back. The end of a nightstick was jabbed
painfully into her diaphragm. She gulped hoarsely for air in ugly, croaking
gasps.

	A hand wound itself into her hair and jerked her upright. The nightsticks
chopped viciously at her bare exposed breasts. She tried to cover them, but her
hands were brutally beaten back. She found her breath and screamed mindlessly.

	Her elbows were held together behind her as she was yanked to her feet.
Again the large policeman shrugged his massive shoulders. He took a stance like
a baseball star about to slam one out of the park and swung mightily.

	Once more, the action switch to slo mo as the nightstick arced towards her
smooth bare belly. Her eyes opened  wide when, too late, she saw it coming. She
started to bring her knee up defensively, but she was way too slow.

	The nighstick sank deep into her belly. She bent double and puked prettily
in slow motion. As she collapsed to the ground, the camera zoomed in knowingly
on her twitching bare buttocks. Sure enough, a moment later the thong popped out
of the crack of her ass as her bowels emptied messily. The audience cheered
sardonically.

	They stood for a standing ovation as a policemen took out his gun. The
otheres stood back as he squatted down behind her, rammed the barrel up her
cunt, aimed carefully and squeezed the trigger.

	It was messy but lethal as the magnum bullet tore though her internal
organs, burst her heart and blew off the top of her head as it exited her
battered body.

	The scene changed abruptly from the bright sun shining down on the naked
starlet lying dead in her own puke, piss, shit and slowly clotting blood to a
darkly lit dungeon.




	Chapter 3 - Bondage Babe

	Human skulls, part of a ribcage and shattered bones littered the floor. The
room was illuminated by flickering torches in wall brackets. A large wooden
chair wrapped in electrician's tape and fitted with straps and clamps was in the
centre of the room.

	The evil, throaty purr of the female narrator spoke once more.

	"You are seeing the inside of a motorcycle gang's clubhouse. This one has
been charmingly decorated to resemble a medieval dungeon. The human skulls and
bones are real, the remains of biker enemies. The bitch you are about to see
electrocuted is a whore who has been told that she will be modelling some
bondage gear for a short promotional film demonstrating it's use. She believes
that she enjoys the protection of the gang who have graciously supplied a
leather bitch to "look after her." Little Miss Smartypants thinks its smart to
be a stool pigeon selling info to a rival motorcycle gang. Note how helpful the
slut is about strapping herself into what is obviously an electric chair. The
dumb cunt doesn't even wonder what an electric chair is doing in a medieval
dungeon!"

	The audience snorted derisively and then quieted expectantly as the babe
sauntered into the dungeon with the lazy, seductive insolence of the born whore.
Miss Smartypants was a blue-eyed blond, her hair in an attractive pixie cut that
framed her smirking face nicely. She was escorted to the chair by a very tough
leather bitch in a black mask.

	With the assurance of a lazy bitch who had learned young that a pretty girl
doesn't have to work hard if she's sufficiently brazen and shameless, she
stripped for the cameras. She stepped out of her high heels and unzipped her
jump suit. She shrugged the jumpsuit off with practised ease and posed stark
naked, preening with a mocking smirk for the cameras.

	She bounced her boobs, licked her lips wantonly and gave her hips a lewd
little pump. She was handed a pair of leather panties with two dildoes attached
inside. With a knowing grin, she demonstrated how to grease each dildo, her
fingers encircling the big dicks, pumping up and down suggestively.

	The black leather panties had a drawstring waist and elasticized legholes.
She stepped into them and pulled them up her long exquisite legs until they were
halfway up her luscious thighs. She spread her legs wide as she carefully eased 
one dildo up her rectum and the other into her smoothly shaven cunt. She pulled
the panties the rest of the way up. It was a snug fit over her bare bum. She
tightened and tied the drawstring, neatly poking it inside the waistband when
she was done.

	A skimpy leather bra was handed to her. She centred the small leather
patches over her nipples and her ever-helpful escort tied it in place.

	Little Miss Smartypants perched herself delicately on the chair, sitting
uncomfortably on the two greased dildoes inside her. Perching precariously on
her bum, she pulled up her knees so that her feet were off the ground and
delicately pointed her delectable little toes. A pair of black high heels with
six inch spike heels were slipped on. The fuck-me pumps were strapped firmly in
place by her able escort.

	Miss Smartypants knew the drill. She opened her mouth and a ball gag was
popped between her glossy red lips and buckled tight.

	As advertised, the unwitting victim helpfully held her ankles just right as
they were tightly strapped to either end of the long legspreading bar fastened
to the front legs of the chair. She laid her slim forearms on the armrests. They
were strapped firmly in place. A thick black leather strap was buckled tight
over her hips and a matching, slimmer strap was buckled snugly around her chest
just under her pert young breasts. A thick belt was clamped around her throat
fastening her to the back of the chair.

	Now that she was firmly strapped to the heavy chair wrapped in electrician's
tape, the leather bitch bent down. She gave Miss Smartypants'  thigh an intimate
squeeze and stuck her tongue in the young bondage babe's ear. She whispered
loudly into the moist, sensitive orifice.

	"It's real! We know that you're selling information to The Bloods. We're
gonna fry you in this electric chair, but you'll have to be patient. We have a
few little things to do first to prep you for the Big Burn."

	Miss Smartypants eyes darted frantically. She shook her head, desperately
trying to explain everything away through the gag. All that emerged were muffled
moans and small pleading squeals. She struggled futilely against the restraining
straps, but the thick black straps didn't budge.

	The leather bitch began snipping away the short blond hair. Miss Smartypants
pretty face registered deep dismay as her expensive hairdo was reduced to
stubble. The leather bitch lovingly lathered up the stubble. A gleaming straight
razor sliced away until she was smooth as a billiard ball. The leather bitch
gleefully explained the procedure.

	"I'm going to attach two electrodes to you - one to your head and one to
your shapely calf. Before that, I'm going to test out the electrodes by
submerging them in this tub of salt water. Salt water offers a similar
resistance to that of your bare little body. Watch what happens when we pump
2,250 volts through it."

	The lather bitch donned a pair of thick rubber gloves, grabbed the two
electrodes and plunged them into the water. She strolled over to the huge double
pull, double throw switch on the wall and, with a dramatic flourish, closed the
circuit. The water between the two leads churned violently, just short of
boiling. Miss Smartypants pretty blue eyes stared in horror at the churning
water. The leather bitch considerately let her feast her eyes on the sight and
then, in the fullness of time, cut the current. The water stopped churning. On
the other hand, Miss Smartypants was now churning nicely, writhing and
struggling futilely against the restraining straps. The leather bitch grinned.

	"That's how your blood's going to boil when I throw the switch and fry you."

	She held up two sponges.

	"These little sponges are thoroughly soaked in amonium chloride. That makes
sure that the all the electricity gets through from the copper plate to your
nice creamy skin. Now, let's hook you up to the juice, sweetmeat!"

	She slipped a black leather helmut with an electrode, copper plate and
sponge over the frantic beauty's head. It was held in place by a chin strap. A
leg cuff with the other electrode, copper plate and sponge was attached to the
straining beauty's tense bare calf. The victim's skin goose pimpled as the cold
sponges contacted her exposed flesh.

	The beauty's only unplugged orifice, her baldder, emptied as the leather
bitch wrapped her hand around the switch. She grinned evilly at the beauty
sitting in a slowly widening puddle of her own urine, looking pleadingly up at
her, panting hard.

	She pulled the switch.

	The audience gasped with pleasure and sweaty delight as Miss Smartypants' 
delectable bod shot forward against the straps and her breasts popped out of the
skimpy leather bra. Her sizzling flesh flushed brick red from head to toe. Her
erect nipples quivered wildly as the electricity hummed through her violently
shuddering young body. Her rectal and vaginal muscles clamped convulsively
around the two thick dildoes, sealing them inside her. Spirals of pale whispy
smoke rose from her shaking shaved skull. Her straining, beet red body went
deathly white.

	Six times the current was sent surging through her throbbing bare body. Six
times her body was thrown, trembling violently, against the straps. Six times
the audience went wild with orgasmic delight.

	At last, the leather bitch breathed deeply, savouring the aroma.

	"Mmm-mmm! That is one well-cooked cunt."

	Although the current was off, the body gave a few spasmodic death twitches.
The leather bitch looked at the smoke curling upwards.

	"I think that steamy little stoolie has definitely given her last blow job!"

	The scene dissolved slowly from the smoking body twitching in the chair to a
night-time outdoor setting.




	Chapter 4 - The Campfire Girl

	A very pretty brunette dressed in a halter top and cutoff jeans was kneeling
alone by a campfire, toasting a marshmellow. The nearby tent and woods suggested
a campout. The brunette was barefoot and in a heavily over-endowed sort of way,
very obviously braless.

	The evil-voiced bitch set it up with a throaty, smirking voiceover.

	"This easy-going young lady is waiting for her friends to come back from a
beer run. She doesn't know that they have been held up trying to explain a
surprise stash of marijuana to Mr. Policeman. The stash in their knapsack was a
big surprise to the boys, but not to Mr. Policeman, who had been tipped off
about the 'young drug dealers' by persons unknown. This left the poor, yummy
brunette all alone, but not for long."

	The brunette's pretty face was a study in astonishment as two pick-up trucks
roared up. Astonishment turned to dismay as one of them ran over the tent,
flattening it. The other drove up beside her. A hooded man leaned out the
passenger side, clutching a can of mace. He sprayed it long and hard right in
her lovely face.

	The brunette screamed and fell to the ground, rolling and writhing, both
hands frantically scrubbing her burning face and eyes.

	The two pick-up trucks backed towards her from either side. A row of lights
across the roof of each truck lit everything up in their harsh glare.

	Four hooded figures surrounded the sobbing, huddled brunette.

	She resisted not at all, still in uncomprehending shock, as her wrists and
ankles were shackled to chains attached to the back bumpers of the trucks - one
wrist and one ankle to each. The powerful trucks were put into four wheel drive
and slowly pulled in opposite directions.

	The brunette's hands were jerked from her red, swollen face and she was
slowly pulled up into the air, spread-eagled between the two trucks.

	She squinted out of bloodshot eyes that were nearly swollen shut. She
shreiked hoarsely at her attackers.

	"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING????"

	The clothes were sliced from her taut suspended body. Her halter top, cutoff
jeans and panties all fluttered gently to the ground while she bucked and
heaved, cursed and swore.

	The hooded man with the mace sprayed her bare skin starting with the soles
of her feet. He sprayed with long leisurely strokes up and down her widespread,
shapely legs. He emptied the can after thoroughly spraying her fully exposed
crotch, bucking bare bum and into her slit and the crack of her ass. She
screamed as her skin from the waist down burned a deep, deep red.

	He pulled out a new can of mace and continued where he left off, spraying
her flat stomach and big boobs. Her shoulders and arms were covered with the
burning spray. Each of her armpits received a long, lingering blast.

	He sprayed her shreiking face once more. Since she couldn't cover her face
this time, it received a much more carefully applied amount of the caustic
liquid. She whimpered as he sprayed her throat. She squealed as he squirted it
straight into her tightly shut eyes and into her earholes. She chocked in
mid-scream as he shot it into her gaping mouth and right down her throat. He
ended with a blast sent straight up her nose, searing her sinuses, causing her
head to explode in unbelievable agony.

	The camera panned slowly up the sobbing brunette's incandescant body,
pausing at her severely swollen udders and zooming in on her inflamed,
grotesquely distended cuntlips.

	Her wrists were unshackled as the trucks were once more thrown into gear.
The shreiking brunette tried vainly to cover herself with her hands as her
shrilly screaming bare body did the splits and was slowly ripped open. Her skin
tore open at the crotch as her thigh bones were pulled out of their sockets.

	Her naked body hung upside down, obscenely exposed, vibrating tautly between
the two trucks while the engines roared. She was being held together only by her
extremely tough tendons. Suddenly, one of her widepread legs ripped off and the
trucks catapulted forward. She bounced shreiking behind until her skull
shattered against a rock. The camera replayed it in slow motion - first the leg
ripping off and then her brains splattering as her head whammed into the sharp
rock.

	The screen went blank.

	There was wild applause and the audience scrambled enthusiastically for the
hard-working suck sluts, flatbackers and anal Annies. Stiff dicks plunged into
hot cunts. Stiff clits pushed hard against strong, knowing tongues.

	Sex and violence are, after all, one hot, hot, hot combination.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Llabmik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





