BDSM Library - Changing Destiny




Changing Destiny
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl of a rich lawyer and her friend are taken into the undergound slave trade by the mafia, one is tormented to train the other.
Changing Destiny
by: CyberDeSade

Part 1

	She was daddy's little private school princess, young but a mature looking
16 year old.  Honor student, little miss cheerleader, civic club, debate team
princess.  She was pure, a virgin, daddy's chastity ring on her finger at all
times.  She was the daughter of a famous lawyer, and a first class soccer mom. 
Brand new  mustang with her 16th birtyday, thousands in christmas and birthday
presents every year.  Her father was proud of her, a little to proud, for he
adorned his desk and shelves with her pictures; in an uptown office with a
central park view, and a private bathroom..yes mini bar included.  Presumed
innocent by her father, defended and exhonorated, a terribly gulity capo of the
New York mafia, had admired her pictures, and had a taste for young meat and
young screams.  A nieve man puts his home extension on his business, the kind of
number an easy reverse lookup on hundreds of internet sites can easily discover.

	She was the pennacle of innocene in her virginity alone, though she had not
been relieved of her coveted cherry, she still had a dark and lustful side, a
side which her trusting parents and several wooland acres of Hamptons property
helped quite well.  An internet connection had introduced her into the lusty
world of sex, and its fetishes several years before, and much to her surprise,
and I guarantee that of her parents, she had taken an intested in the dark arts
of bondage.  Self bondage is a lonely and foolish art, taken up by those whom
cannot afford a top to play with, or those whom are untrusting of themselves,
yet she partook in it.  Using her daddy's credit card, and the fact she was
always home alone when mail arrived, she placed several spaced out orders, for
toys to fuel her interest.  All companies with typically innocent names,
protecting customer privacy and increasing overall business, her father always
simply wrote it off as some upper crust tea set or bottle or 70 year old brandy
for a wealthy client.

	She entered the woods, a half mile from her home at her usual 5:30 pm, her
father a late worker and her mother obsessing with social clubs and church
groups until equally late, she was usually raised by a nanny and butler, whom
her parents had also relieved her of as a coming of age present.  Though they
were still present at the household, the duties no longer inlcuded her.  She
entered the grove of woods, tightly grown together trees and briars, that she
had cut a small entrance through, and covered again by a false bush upon her
entering.  She was uttterly invisible from the world, even those who walked by
and ran their hand over her clever fortress could not tell its contents.  She
stripped off her catholic skirt and blouse, and folded then neatly on a cloth
covered stump, the quickly retrieved her gear from its hollow base.  She strung
the thin line over a branch well out of her reach and settled the attached cup
into the grass.  Ice melts, line is released, and a key falls into her waiting
grasp to escape her bonds.  She attached the cuffs onto the eye bolt in the
tree, and tied her ankels the other exposed roots, then then attached her nipple
clamps, ball gag, and powerful clitoral vibrator to her fresh young body.  Her
hair was shoulder length blonde, body athletic from sports.  Her breasts, more
well developed then most of her class were 34c at her still forming 16 year old
body.  Yet her nipples still held the pinkness of youth, and all her holes
virgin from a mans touch.  She closed the cuffs over her wrists, and felt the
helpless exhiliration and her first orgasm building in her vagina.  Her ectasy
was broken by the rustling of her precious entrance being pushed aside, and 3
men, dressed in black from head to toe walked toward her smiling boradly.  She
moaned under her gag, and tears welt in her eyes, then the quick smell of ehter
flashed her back to chemistry class, and blackness ensued her mind.

	She awoke with a mild headache and delved straight into panic as she
realized that her terrible dream was reality.  She was no longer gagged, and
definately felt no oncoming orgasm as she look around the cold stone room, naked
and afraid.  She noticed a camera watching her just before the steal door flung
open and a large, early middle aged man in black Armani walked he and
immediately raised his hand to silence anything she may say to him.  He quickly
grabbed a chair, placed it in front of her and sat, never losing his calm for a
second.    Finally, he spoke.

    "You now belong to me, and those I wish to sell you do, which will be my
Chinese counterpart, after I am tired of you.  Your family will never miss you,
and I have taken a little friend of yours as well.  Obey and she will be spared. 
Now, again, you are mine.  Yes or no, do you understand? "

	Nina's answer was an instant wail, "No you sick bastard, you can't do this
to us, my daddy helped you!"  Her response was cutt off by a slap of duct tape
over her mouth.

	"Ok little girl, as you wish, boys open the curtain."  A black curtain fell
open near her head, and to her horror as she looked through it she saw her
friend, nude and tied over a table, with her ankels and wrists tied at opposite
ends, her perky tits pointing toward the ceiling.  At the large mans signal, and
without hesitation walked toward her at opposite sides of the table.  One man
eagerly became violently fucking her, and the other produced a long metal ruler
and began swatting her tits brutally.  Her screams, as well as Nina's screams of
protest mounted to inhuman levels.  Her tits, already black ad night, tinted
further and further into a deep blue/black tint, showing the damage mounting
within her nubile young body. "Your lucky my particular cliental in the east
wants only little blonde girls little bitch, otherwise we would send her for
real, but for now, we'll just torture her in front of you for the next few
hours, then we'll see you you speak to me."

	The beating and rape on the other side of the glass ceased, and the two men
left the room.  As the more professional one passed her by, he took from his
white coat a small spray bottle, and quickly sprayed two squirts onto the bound
and tortured cunt of the little victim, her friend, watching from the two way
glass had no idea what this was.  A larger, loading dock size door opened across
from the torture table, exposing her little friend to another large room.  Four 
young eyes, 2 more then the other focused in on horror itself, somthing that
Nina had no idea could even be conceived of by a human being.  Stamping in,
smelling deeply, and walking funny with a slowly but horribly growing erection,
a bull entered the room.  Its sniffing in the air closed slowly toward the madly
struggling body of the bound dark haired girl, until finally its large and wet
nose was right up against her young slit.  With a frightful moan, the bull threw
its legs up and onto the table on either side of the dark haired girl, almost
resting its heaving head on her young tits.  An inhuman wail escaped through the
ball gag as in one full motion, the bull thrust its now full and extensive
member into the young girls until recently virgin cunt.  She rocked back and
forth, her muscles clenching, and her wrists banging up against the bonds which
held her in this awful place, being fucked merciessly by a bull.  Nina, could
only watch in glazed horror, suffering with her friend as best she could.  After
an hour, the bull retreated to its lair, and the young fuck toy lay spent. 
Crying softly under her gag.  The man in black returned.  "So, enjoying the show
yet little bitch, ready to be a little respectful to your new master?"

	Nina sobbed, "yes, anyting, just stop this please....its my fault...what you
did to her...its my fault...I could have accepted my fate, but I didnt'...now
its hers to...please, stop hurting her..."

	"Now thats a nicer tune, boys, take her little friend and clean her up, let
her shower and give her back her cloths, you know, I'm in a  good mood now, even
feed the little harpy." 

	"th-thank you sir.  Or do I call you Mr... or.."

	"Master will do nicely, which you will call all men from now on."

	"yes...master" sobb sobb
	
ONE HOUR LATER

	Nina sat bound still, resting as best she could, alone, but now blindfolded
and wearing headphones, her headphones, blaring music from her cd player, taken
from her backpack.  She constantly flashed back to the images of Jenna, her dark
haired friend being tortured again and again so that she herself would obey. 
Her dark laments ended quickly as the sound vanished from her ears, the phones
sliding from her head, and light temporairly blinded her as her eyes reacted to
the new illumination for the first time in an hour.  She instantly wished that
the dark mind fuck had continued, as she saw before her an disturbing sight. 
Her friend, sat across the room from her in a metal folding chair, quiet and
stoic looking, the man in black sat between them, a shred grin on his evil face. 
She sat there, full clothing except her panties, looking at Nina with sorrow and
a little contempt.

	"Nina, its time to prove your obedience, and for me to see if those tears
earlier were real or bullshit."  Two men united Nina's bonds,  hand and feet,
she massaged the places where the rope had bit into her skin.  "Kneel before
your friend and eat her pussy, or more torture is to come."  Nina started to
scream and protest loudly, telling this man to go and fuck himself...but the the
flashes came again of earlier, and sobbing, she stood from her chair, crossed
the room knelt naked before her friend, and placed her tounge on her friends
pussy.  She felt a needle prick on her neck, and quickly fell into darkness.  A
nightmare of what she was doing, continuing through her dreams..

	She awoke to find herself bound again,  to the same chair, but this time
with her head secured so that she could not look away from what she was pointed
at.  Her friend, lay naked on a table with her legs suspended in the air, a man
attaching an IV needle into her body, then applying lubricant to her already
tired sex.  The man in black came into her view.  "Well Nina, now we have seen
what you will do your friends are at stake, now you must learn the hard lesson,
that you will horribly die if you disobey to often from this point on.  The IV
needle is releasing a slow drip of adrenelin into your friends blood, gradually
increasing her heat rate.  All of my men will take turns fucking her, making her
pulse even faster.  Eventually she will die from a heart failure at an early
age.  A fate far more terrible awaits you if you do not become the  person you
are now ment to be. Oh, and in case you are wondering why I said your parents
will never miss you, its because the authorities will assume that you died in
the explosion with them.  Have a nice night Nina."  Nina screamed against her
gag and fought her bonds to no avail.  The soldiers of the man in black fucked
her friend, again and again, each time her friend looking more and more anxious
and in more pain, until finally her friend went limp, her eyes closed relaxed,
was she really dead, or did they lie to scare Nina, she may never know.. So the
torture was psycholocial as well...

End part one.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  CyberDeSade


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





