BDSM Library - Beginnings - Dark Love 1




Beginnings - Dark Love 1
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A dark tale of domination and love begins with Dark Love 1. BEGINNINGS. The world of vampires and their bound mortal slaves is begun. Love, domination, oral and anal sex, are all part of this delightful tale. The first of the trilogy deal with SM/BD/DS. A truly romantic tale, but one that also has rape, incest, slavery torture and snuff.COMING HIME  
DARK LOVE 1  
Written By; Veronica Leigh Marquette  
Lightly Edited By; Ravyn  
 (Author's Note) Okay, this time I do believe I am going to get it all out
  first so I don't have to keep going back and repeating myself.  
*****NO ONE, and I do mean NO ONE.*****  Under
  the age of eighteen or who lives in area's where this sort of reading material
  is considered illegal should read ant farter.  
 Now having said that, if you are still with me, the material within these
  pages is Fiction. Thus saying, anything any resemblance too anything or anyone
  living or dead, or in the vampires case, Undead are purely coincidental. I
  mean let us all be real for just one moment. This is a vampire erotica, as
  in smut. True high-class smut, but it is smut nonetheless.  
 So, now that I have your complete and undivided attention, have fun. 
Vampire's and Mage's and Blood Bond's oh my. 
DARK LOVE 
The Erotic Adventures of the Undead 
Coming Home 
PROLOGUE 
 'There has got to be a better way,  ' crossed the vampires
  mind for the millionth time as his teeth broke the plastic of the blood bag,
  and the cold, thick fluid filled his mouth. 'Jupiter's balls, I wish
  getting a meal wasn't so hard.  ' Disgust filled him briefly before
  he lost thought and gave in to the rapture that his kind always experienced
  when, feeding. 
 Images shifted and he relaxed. How long had it been since he had last hunted?
  Twenty, or was it thirty years? Thirty years of living on cold, lifeless, blood.
  No heat, no passion, just cold little bags. It 'had'   to
  change. He could not continue to live like this. 
 His name was Michael Brook, or at least it was now. Too many years had passed
  since he had used the name of his birth. So many that there were times he could
  not recall it without seeking his journals. So many years, so many names, and
  it had all come down to this--a half-life of sneaking into blood banks and
  hospitals for the nourishment he needed 
 &quot;Argh.&quot; He threw his arm over his eyes. He noticed he still held
  the empty bag. With a snarl of disgust, he hurled it from him. Never, in over
  eleven hundred years, since he first embraced the night, had he ever regretted
  his choice, before now. 
 'Now'  , the word echoed in his head. Now it was too
  dangerous for his kind. The world was to crowded. Long gone were the days when
  you could just pick up a bite in some dark corner or alleyway. 'Now'  ,
  you had to research your victim, lest you accidentally feast on some slumming
  aristocrat, and bring your whole world crashing down around you ears. People
  might disappear every day, even now, but you dared not let them find the body.
  Science, damn those questing mortals, enabled them to list, categorize and
  catalog each and every part of the body, including the amount of blood in one's
  veins. The news media made peculiar, unusual deaths public knowledge. 
 No. Hunting was not the answer, but an options of hunting animals or others
  of his kind were not to his liking either. Michael had never been able to stand
  the blood of lower animals for long. It wasn't the same. And unlike those younger
  hunters, he would never hunt his own. None of the Elders would. It was genocide.
  Though the Vampyr were not by nature social creatures preferring to hunt alone
  or in small groups or covenstead's, they all were linked to each other and
  every needless death weakened them. 
 Alas, short of risking discovery by hunting, or an existence on cold, lifeless
  blood, what was he to do? 
 'Enough',   it was    time to
  seek his Sire. The Elder would give him some clue. You did not live to be over
  three thousand years old without learning how to survive. 
 Michael's body became still as his mind reached outward. The tie of Sire
  to Fledgling was the most powerful of all a vampire's connections with his
  people. Never wavering, never weakening, even as the years rolled by and the
  time between the two grew. The Vampyr had few weaknesses--fire, sun, and starvation
  of course-but these were well known. The one thing, that, most hid, would kill
  to protect, was that link between Sire and Childe. 
 None of the Vampyr bred indiscriminately. To do so would be folly. Once
  a, mortal, was Chosen for the Gift, fate was set. They had to be survivors,
  fighters, and loners. 
 Willing to stand as a single being, alone, answerable to no one and nothing
  through out the ages. With one exception: Vampires never stood against their
  Sires. Run, yes; hide, always. Once the training was complete and they were
  able to walk free, communications were rare and usually fleeting between adult
  and Sire. This was the way of their breed. It was law. No adult vampire could
  or would have contact with their Sire, except in emergencies, until they themselves
  had achieved Eldership, somewhere roughly around a thousand years. For no matter
  how old or how powerful the vampire, in the presence of his Sire he was the
  Childe again, the Fledgling, and, those, old ancient fears and needs rose to
  capture him once more. None but an Elder Vampire could resist the urge to bare
  his throat and bend to their will once again. 
 So, it was not, without great trepidation, and more than a little fear,
  that Michael sent forth the Summons that would connect with his Sire. *Azrael,
  *   his mind cast forth into the darkness. 
 The ancient vampire's presence was felt long before the soft caress of his
  mind. *Yes Childe, what has you summoning me? *  
 *I need you, Master. I cannot bear my existence any longer.
        *   He opened his heart to the one that gave him the Gift,
        raised him to be what he was so many years ago, counting on the tie of
        Sire to Childe for the comfort he needed. 
 A rush of concern so strong it brought tears to his eyes washed over him.
  He had been right. Azrael would not let him continue like this. *Come.
  *   A single word of command before the link swelled and Michael
  felt himself being pulled along the Dark Paths. The room around him dimmed
  and faded as he gave himself to Azrael's summons 
CHAPTER 1 
 Light assaulted his eyes as he regained form. He blinked, trying to adjust
  his eyes to the brilliance. Tears the color of blood welled in his eyes. "Gods,
  Azrael." 
 &quot;Yes, it takes a moment to adjust, does it not?&quot; A voice behind
  him as a gentle hand rested on his shoulder. &quot;Come, Megel, sit down and
  tell me; what has sent you into this spiral of despair?&quot; 
 'Megel'.   The first of many names, the one that he,
  held, onto the most. Not, because, it was his birth name, it, wasn't. But because
  it was the name his Sire had given him on the night of his rebirth. 
 Michael sat, so he wouldn't be looking down at the Elder Kin before him,
  surprised as always by the renewed realization that he was taller than his
  Sire. That was the effect Azrael had on him. 
 Michael sat there looking at Azrael, noticing that his old Master had not
  changed in appearance in all the time he had been gone. He was still shorter
  than he was by more than a foot. The same soft brown, loving, eyes set in a
  face that was, to him, so beautiful that it made him want to weep. The high
  sweeping brow, the narrow nose and high cheekbones fit so well with the poutish
  mouth and pointed chin, all framed in soft flowing curls that seemed to almost
  tumble down his back in a glowing silken wave, shiny and warm, begging to be
  touched. 
 The love and total devotion that he felt for the old vampire rose in him,
  as well as the deep soul-pain and lonely despair that had sent him looking
  for the only immortal he trusted without reservation. &quot;Master.&quot; The
  pain in his voice was heart wrenching as he fell to his knees before Azrael,
  gripping his hands. &quot;I cannot stand this era. There is no joy anymore.&quot; 
 Azrael stroked his hair, looking down at the first of his brood, his precious
  Fledgling, his First-Born. &quot;Poor pet, come, you are too old for this display.
  Stand. I will not have you groveling, not even to me.&quot; It was one of the
  main reasons they drove their Fledglings off once they became adults. The love
  was too strong, the need to bend, too submit, too great. If the Fledgling was
  never driven out, never learned to live, their whole race was doomed. 
 Well, Megel had lived, had existed without his help for a little over a
  thousand years, and with the exception of a single call, had done it all on
  his own. Perhaps it had been long enough. As a member of the Vampyr, he was
  now old enough to be considered a true Elder. Perhaps now he would be able
  to keep him with him for a while, just like the old days. The memories and
  whispered promises for the future were sweet. 
 Michael rose, ever glad that his nature prevented him from blushing. &quot;Still
  treating me as if I were eleven and not over eleven hundred.&quot; He smiled. 
 &quot;Well, act your age, and I shall treat you as such.&quot; The Elder
  vampire returned his smile. &quot;Now sit, relax. Before you tell me what has
  sent you to me like this, have you fed?&quot; Azrael sat on a couch. 
 &quot;Well, actually,&quot; Michael looked down at his hands, &quot;that's
  what brought me here,&quot; he began, trying to formulate the words to explain. 
 Azrael held up one slender hand. &quot;Wait.&quot; His tone was soft, but
  brooked no argument. &quot;Let me summon Maria.&quot; A brief moment as he
  sent the call. Fury filled his face as he thought of what could have reduced
  Michael to begging for food. 
 &quot;No, Azrael,&quot; he began. His master misunderstood. &quot;It is
  not a lack of food that disturbs me, but how I am forced to attain it.&quot; 
 The confused look on Azrael's face was almost comical. So little baffled
  his once-master and now oldest friend. But before the Elder could form a question,
  a soft voice from the door drew their attention. &quot;You called for me, love?&quot; A
  woman, a 'mortal'   woman, entered the room. 
 &quot;Ah, yes precious.&quot; Azrael held out a hand to her. She came to
  sit beside him. &quot;This is Megel, I know not what he calls himself now,
  but Megel is the name I gave him. He is my eldest Childe.&quot; Then to Michael, &quot;this
  is Maria. She lives here with me.&quot; He cuddled the young mortal close. 
 Michael looked at her. She was not a tall woman, maybe 5'4,&quot; with large
  brown eyes and soft brown hair that fell to her shoulders. Her face was heart
  shaped with arching brows and a cherub like mouth. 'Delicate'   was
  a good word for her. &quot;She knows?&quot; He couldn't believe it. A mortal
  knew of their existence and was alive and unchanged. And yet wore no collar. 
 Azrael laughed, patting Maria on the leg. &quot;Of course she knows. All
  of my pets know. How else could I feed from them? You mean you 'do
  not'  know?&quot; A look of understanding fell over his face. &quot;How
  could you? It has been many, many years since last you have come to me. How
  have you survived, Megel?&quot; 
 Michael do nothing more than sit there,, mouth agate. Azrael kept mortals,
  fed from them in his lair, and was at peace with this. &quot;I-I have been
  living off of blood stolen from hospitals and blood banks. I'm going crazy
  from it.&quot; The enormity of his degradation was painful. He, a once-proud
  hunter, reduced to prepackaged meals. 
 &quot;Blood banks.&quot; Azrael's tone spoke of the horror and disgust he
  felt. &quot;Hospitals. Oh, Megel, I have failed you. I should have thought.
  You should have been tracked down, things explained. We have taken to keeping
  mortal pets now, we Elders. Hunting is becoming too chancy. Word was spread
  through the net, I felt certain you would have learned of this.&quot; He reached
  forward, grasping the younger vampire's hand in his. &quot;What have I done
  to you? How long have you been living like this?&quot; 
 Michael sat holding Azrael's hands, looking into the pained and horrified
  face of his Sire. &quot;Almost thirty years. Such a short time in my life,
  I know, but I swear. If I have to feed that way again, I'll go mad. It's never
  enough. It sates the hunger, keeps my darker nature at bay, but the heat, the
  joy--it's as dead as the blood.&quot; 
 &quot;Thirty years.&quot; Azrael's soft, sweet voice was reduced to a strangled
  whisper. &quot;You have held no one for thirty years. Megel, how is it you
  have retained your sanity? I would be a raving mad thing. The others would
  have to hunt me out and destroy me. What have I done to you?&quot; It was his
  fault. He should have made sure, hunted him down and set him on the path himself.
  But he had respected Megel's flight, held to the laws, refrained from contact.
  He had set this course, and his actions now reaped a terrible reward. There
  was a glint of madness in his Childe's eyes, a tremble to a hand that was once
  so beautifully strong. 
 Michael looked longingly at Maria. &quot;Azrael, Master.&quot; He licked
  his lips. &quot;Will she--may I--to feel the life again, please. I'd gladly
  give you again the one hundred years service, just for a taste.&quot; 
 &quot;Of course you can, anytime. I feed so infrequently now that the four
  I keep are more than enough.&quot; He turned to the girl. &quot;Maria, love,
  he is dear to me. I will not let him harm you. You know I will never let anyone
  harm you.&quot; His voice was soft as he gathered her hands in his. &quot;Do
  this for me. Grant my Childe your life's blood. I will see you well rewarded.&quot; 
 Maria looked from him to Michael and back. &quot;For you. If any of the
  others asked I'd say no, but for you gladly.&quot; She loved the old bloodsucker.
  He had given her a home, saved her from an abusive father and a life that had
  been doomed to be both painful and short. For him she would do anything. For
  the simple taste he gave her of his blood she would lay before anyone. With
  his blood came his love. She was bound to him, and as long as he kept her she
  would never sicken, and age was almost a thing of the past. His blood would
  keep her young for a long time, and once the inevitable began, it would not
  be swift enough to keep her from asking for the sweet, gentle, death he had
  promised. 
 &quot;Go on, Megel, she is yours, but control yourself. Her life belongs
  to me, and I cherish it.&quot; 
 Michael fought the urge to snatch her warm body to his, allowing her instead
  to move into his arms, rest in his lap. &quot;Oh, you are beautiful,&quot; he
  said as her hands pulled his head down to her exposed throat, Maria offering
  herself to him, freely. 
 He heard the tiny gasp as his teeth broke the skin, but that was all. After
  the first taste, he knew nothing else. Only the joy, the heat, the life that
  had been denied him for too long. He felt her heartthrob with her blood, his
  body lost in the pleasure of the exquisite joy of her essence, her soul. Never
  again would he return to the dead blood, any more bags of cold life. He sobbed
  against her flesh, his voice a gurgled cry as he fed. 
 *That is Enough, Megel. *   Azrael's command,
  his will, forcing the younger vampire to, pull, away. *I know.
  I feel your pain, but you can not take more. It would weaken her. *  
 It was the hardest thing he had ever done in his life; pulling away, licking
  her throat softly till the blood stopped and the wounds healed. Had it not
  been for Azrael's will, enforcing, his own, he could not have done it. Too
  long, it had been too long. He had no control now. 
 Maria looked up at him, her eyes soft with the heat that his feeding had
  left her. &quot;Thank you.&quot; Her mouth was open and eager as she kissed
  him, tasting her own life's blood on his lips. It was the one thing that had
  made the decision to bond to Azrael easy. The incredible joy, and the delightful
  pleasure, that she always felt when he granted her the honor of his hunger. 
 Michael caught her face in his hands; mouth feeding on hers as the wonderful
  bright life that had once been in her now coursed through him. &quot;No, beautiful,
  it is I who thanks you.&quot; 
 &quot;Let her go, Megel.&quot; Azrael's voice broke through. &quot;You must
  let her go. Your control is not strong. She has given you life. Do not reward
  her by denying her hers.&quot; 
 Michael pulled away. &quot;Yes, you are right. Thank you, Maria, there are
  not words to tell you what you have given me. But you should be away from me
  now. My Sire is correct. I have no 
control, and would grieve if my lack cost you your life. Flee from me, sweet,
  go back to your master.&quot; 
 Azrael took her into his arms, cradling her head against his shoulder. &quot;Do
  not be afraid, my precious love. Megel will regain control quickly. We will
  keep him here with us until the threat he poses to humanity is leashed. I will
  not let him harm any of you. You know this. I am his Sire. My will shall always
  be stronger than his.&quot; He drew a thin steel blade from his boot. &quot;Drink,
  precious, allow me to reward you.&quot; He opened his shirt, and with it, drew
  a small deep line into his flesh over his left breast. Blood welled from the
  cut as she lowered her lips to drink. &quot;Yes, go on, pet.&quot; His head
  was thrown back as he gave her a taste of his power, lost in the joy of the
  exchange. &quot;I will come to you tonight. You will know my love, for now
  I burn with it.&quot; 
 It was never enough. Maria knew the cut was healing even as her mouth locked
  onto it. But it was all she had these some precious few sips from the creature
  that held her life. She moaned as she sucked, biting his flesh. She wanted
  more, always, for only when she was like this, held in the vise of his grip,
  his very essence flowing into her, that she truly believed she was loved. It
  flowed into her with his blood. 
 &quot;She has a blood bond with you.&quot; Michael was amazed. &quot;Yet
  she is mortal.&quot; 
 &quot;Of course she is, and a delightful one at that. I would have to drain
  her to the point of death and then force my own blood back into her veins,
  as I did with you, to transform her. She belongs to me. My blood is in her.
  Neither she nor any of the others will ever betray us, for to do so would mean
  her death, a painful, brutal death. Do you not remember? You were mine for
  over two years before I offered you the night.&quot; 
 &quot;So is she to become my sister?&quot; 
 &quot;Gracious, no.&quot; Azrael hugged her once more. &quot;Go rest, pet.
  I will come to you soon. Let me get Megel settled, first&quot; 
 She smiled her eyes bright. &quot;It's about time, love. You're going to
  have to do something about this soon, take a fifth. A man this time, or the
  girls and I are going to attack you. You have gotten lax Master, and we suffer
  for it.&quot; 
 He swatted her as she rose. &quot;Yes, I guess I have been neglecting my
  duties to my ladies. Alas, I am only one man. Perhaps while Megel is with us,
  we can see about giving you four a chance to store up on affection.&quot; 
 &quot;Just so long as you remember that we still need another. None of us
  seek any man other than you. It would be impossible, but if we had one here,
  who understood . . .&quot; 
 Azrael shook his head, smiling with tolerant affection at the girl. &quot;So
  I am to blood bond with some poor male, solely to give my precious four a play-toy.
  We shall see. I do not need a fifth; my needs are small enough that I have
  no fear of feeding too often from any of you. But perhaps I could work something
  out. Now go, I will see you shortly.&quot; 
 She stopped at the door. &quot;Azrael.&quot; She turned to look at him. &quot;I
  love you.&quot; 
 Azrael returned her smile, a triumphant gleam in his eyes. &quot;Never doubt
  mine.&quot; They were his, body and soul. Never would they dream of thinking
  a thought that he would not approve of. For they were his, and freely called
  him, Master. &quot;Oh, the life. We must show you how to claim mortals for
  your own, Megel.&quot; 
 &quot;But you said she's not, Chosen. Without the promise of life eternal
  why would she be willing to . . .&quot; It confused him. Why would anyone be
  willing to be a walking meal without the incentive? Oh he had seen mortals
  that would blindly obey them, had helped his Sire with their taking and control.
  But to keep one un-dominated and unchained in his own lair? 
 &quot;You forget the power our blood has, Megel. Though immortality will
  never be hers, I have granted her more years that she ever dreamed possible.
  She will live to be over one hundred fifty, and remain as beautiful as she
  is now. And once the deterioration sets in, she will be spared the ugly months.
  For I will drain her, let her die as beautiful as she lived.&quot; 
 &quot;She knows this?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh yes, she begged me to take her quickly at the first onset. The
  aging will be cruel. She wants no part of it.&quot; 
 &quot;So that's the way of it; you appeal to their vanity.&quot; 
 Azrael shook his head. &quot;Much more than that, Megel. I saved them each
  from lives both brutal and short. I granted them safety. No one will harm them
  ever again as long as I live. I offer them comfort; I offer them my love. You
  know well how feeding affects a mortal. When I go to her tonight, she will
  be ready for me. I have had them attack me after a feeding before. So you see,
  my offer was too fine. They all gladly gave up their freedom and their lives
  to me in exchange.&quot; He had to admit to himself, it was a wonderful set-up.
  As he explained it to his First-Born, he was again filled with the overwhelming
  sense of self-gratification. 
 The thought of someone harming Maria disturbed Michael. She was the first
  mortal he had ever known that not only knew what he was, but was willing to
  let him feed from her with no promise of eternity. He felt a surge of protectiveness. &quot;So
  is the animal that abused her so still walking around in the light of day?&quot; Michael
  asked in a voice sounding of darkness. 
 Azrael's smile turned cold. Yes, Megel did see the advantages to this. The
  freedom of never hiding, of the willingness of a bonded mortal. It easily replaced
  the thrill of the hunt within him. Total adoration and submission were as heady
  as fear and flight. &quot;No. At Maria's request, he died. But I never drew
  the first drop from him. It is very important to win the respect and gratitude
  of your pets quickly. It helps them during the first few months that they are
  bound while you sleep, until the change completes itself and their minds become
  yours.&quot; 
 &quot;You tied them up?&quot; Michael had a hard time seeing Azrael bind
  anyone. When he had served his time in the beginning, he had merely been locked
  in a room. 
 Azrael saw the direction Michael's thoughts were going even as he thought
  them. &quot;Yes I know, it was different for you, but you were to become one
  of us. I had to let your pride and self-esteem remain intact. But they will
  never become one of the Vampyr. I had to convert them totally. That is where
  they have gotten this belief that I am ignoring them by my lack of amorous
  activities. For the first year, I spent time with them each night, dominating
  them completely until they were mine without thought. They would never dream
  of disobeying me, for not only do they know how swift their punishment would
  be, but even more importantly, so much of my blood flows in their veins that
  they could not conceive of failing me, for to do so is akin to failing themselves.&quot; 
 &quot;You made them your slaves?&quot; Yes, oh yes, the thought ran like
  quicksilver through him. To own such as she who had granted him his sanity's
  return. 
 &quot;No, you were my slave, one of my own whose life was mine. Maria, Jenna,
  Valerie, and Nicole are my pets. Just as you would with a hound, when I trained
  them it had to be to my will and word. Though I found no pleasure in my discipline,
  I knew that if I failed to housebreak them properly, we all would be sorry
  later." 
 Michael moved forward quickly, so fast that only one of his own; kind would
  see him move, to grab Azrael's hand. &quot;Teach me how to do this, Azrael.
  I must have this.&quot; 
 &quot;How often do you feed now Megel, once, maybe twice, a week?&quot; 
 &quot;I am having to feed every three days on the blood from the banks.
  It was always never enough, and with no life, it only kept the darkness chained.
  I was never at peace.&quot; 
 &quot;Once you become accustomed to feeding on live donors again, you should
  quickly reduce your hunger to once a week or so. You need at least two, or
  better three at the beginning. Once you have mastered your lusts, you can drop
  it to two and let the third finish out her life. Although if you removed one,
  it would drive home to the other two the fact that they are replaceable. It
  is sometimes a good idea in the beginning to remind them of their place in
  life.&quot; 
 &quot;Have you ever--?&quot; 
 The look Azrael gave him answered his question before his Sire could form
  the words. &quot;Me, starve one to death? Gracious, no, I have killed thousands
  of them in my lifetime, hundred of thousands, but to viciously torture one
  to death like that. Monsters they call us. And a monster I would be in truth
  if I could do that to one of my sweet charges. But you are not I, and in your
  youth, brutality might be a means you need to use until age and power enable
  you to possess them as fully as I do.&quot; 
 Michael shook his head. &quot;No, you don't give yourself enough credit
  Azrael, Master.&quot; He tilted his head ever so slightly in respect. &quot;You
  trained me well. There is no mortal alive that can refuse me anything I desire,
  if I choose to take it. Nor would I be any more able to torture one of them
  than you would. I have never condoned cruelty to animals. So how do I do this?&quot; 
 &quot;I would suggest at least one of the three is male. Dominating a member
  of your own sex is thrilling in its own way. Especially, if he is heterosexual.
  They struggle so with their new life and its needs at the beginning.&quot; He
  stroked Michael's cheek, smiling softly. &quot;When they do finally give themselves
  to you freely, oh, my precious Childe, the feeling of joyous power. It far
  exceeds anything you have ever felt, and from that point on they might laugh
  with you, talk to you as if you were their best friend. But in the dark, as
  they offer their throats to you, and beg your touch, the sweetness of that
  first feeling will echo again. For a man will submit himself more completely
  than a woman, solely because they were never taught how as they grew, and so
  they learn it as an adult.&quot; He looked at Michael, a soft, far off look
  in his eyes as he recalled the first time he had fully taken him. &quot;I have
  never felt again what I felt that first time you came to me without being fed
  from first and begged my passion.&quot; 
 Michael closed his eyes as those old, powerful memories rose in him again.
  It had taken him over five hundred years to undo the need to bare his throat
  in submission to his master, and now those feelings surfaced again as he lifted
  his chin to Azrael's seeking mouth 
 He welcomed the sharp pain as Azrael's teeth broke through his flesh. It
  ran like lightning through his body to shoot through his loins as his life
  became part of Azrael's in this, the most intimate of moments. No lover's embrace
  was ever so total as when one gave oneself up to feed life to another. 
 Azrael had missed this so much. Maria was right; it was time to choose another
  male. Oh, to have one that he could totally possess. Could his surrender be
  sweeter that the one he had now? Was it possible to even come close? He had
  to know. 
 He straddled Michael, pressing him back against the couch as their mouths
  locked together, feeding as much on his power as Michael drew from him. 
 &quot;When?&quot; Michael's body was no longer his. His whole core zeroed
  in on the Elder, his Master, and his life. 
 &quot;Now,&quot; Azrael pulled away, with Michael almost drawing him back. &quot;The
  night is early. I know where to go. Let me teach you how to pick out those
  who will welcome the offer once the shock of the abduction wears off. I may
  grant Maria her request, yet. You have just reminded me how much I love you.&quot; 
 &quot;Now?&quot; Could it be so? Was life really going to be that kind to
  him? 
 &quot;Yes, now. You will stay here with us until you have finally broken
  him or her, and Chosen a second and third, so that you do not feed from her
  too often.&quot; 
 &quot;Him, if I am going to do this. I might as well be like you, and my
  first be male. That way he will have my full, complete, and undivided attention.&quot; 
 &quot;Excellent. Now remember, it is not good to take them younger than
  eighteen or nineteen. You want them to look old enough to be away from their
  families. There is an area close to here where runaways and the like congregate.
  They seem to migrate together. Safety in numbers, I suppose. Remember to cloak
  yourself. Only your intended victim must know that you have chosen him. No
  one must remember our being there.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, I know, of course. Now, Azrael, let's go now.&quot; The Elder
  Nightwalker nodded and took his hand as they fled this plane of existence to
  walk the Dark Paths. 
CHAPTER 2 
 The street around him was filthy, the buildings a crumbling shadows of their
  former usefulness. Michael had once hunted in such places. He looked around
  at the people; the ones that belonged here, the ones who were here of their
  own will, and the ones that came here because they had nowhere else to go.
  The number of the latter was frightening. So many lost, so many left out. 
 A car pulled up and the back door opened. A blond man, a boy really, fell
  from the car. Michael tuned his hearing to hear the driver's cruel laughter
  as he hurled money out the door, promising to see the boy again the following
  week. 
 He touched the boy's mind, feeling his despair, his needs. Yes, this one
  would accept him, would do anything to be free from the hell he was forced
  to subject himself to, for the pittance he made. &quot;Him.&quot; His voice
  was a whisper to Azrael. 
 The Elder looked at the young man. Feeling what his Childe had felt; not
  only the fear, the pain, the desperate need that forced him to sell his body
  for the money he needed to live, but also a deep soul-tearing depression that
  had begun and would in the end kill this lovely youngling. &quot;Yes, go. I
  seek my own. I shall return to my domain, later. See you there.&quot; 
 Michael knelt beside the boy, picking up one of the loose bills and presenting
  it to him. 
 Blue eyes, so clear, so bright, so full of pain and fear met his. They flicked
  from him down to the hand that held the twenty. The boy reached forward quickly
  to snatch it back. 
 &quot;Relax.&quot; Spoken in a voice so soft the boy had to strain to hear
  it as Michael's will began to press, gently, down on his. &quot;I won't harm
  you. I want to be your friend. How much?&quot; 
 The vampire felt the boy's gaze change as he sized Michael up as a customer. &quot;Depends
  what you want me to do.&quot; Michael smiled. The lad's voice was soft, traces
  of a Southern drawl still present. It was a beautiful sound. 
 &quot;I want you in my bed.&quot; Michael leaned forward slowly, a touch
  more will, careful not to move too quickly. Fear was not what he wanted. This
  was not a kill; this was a hunt of a different kind. &quot;Come home with me,
  pretty boy. I'll give you five hundred dollars and I promise, I won't do to
  you what the last did.&quot; He motioned to the bruises. &quot;Five hundred
  dollars, and all you must do is give yourself to me.&quot; 
 The boy closed his eyes, fighting the fear that was only a heartbeat away.
  He had already turned three tonight, but this one was clean. If he had to be
  rammed again, at least this one was clean. &quot;Five hundred dollars. I don't
  know, man, that's a lot of money. What do you want for that?&quot; 
 Michael pressed again. This one could not get away. Already he wanted him
  so badly that it was almost a physical pain. &quot;You, I want you, totally,
  no reservations. I want to feel you, have you, and own you completely. Come
  on, pretty one, and say yes. I offer a warm bed, food, and a shower. No back
  seats, no parks, no eyes, and no witnesses. I won't hurt you. I only want to
  love you. Say yes. Take the chance. If you please me half as much as I believe
  you will, I will be willing to come to you again.&quot; 
 Five hundred dollars, that was almost as much as he made some weeks. But
  it was too much; this man wanted something real bad to offer this. His soul
  was at war; the money was good, but he might not live to spend it. 
 In the end, the need for money won out over fear for his life. Without money,
  his sister would be taken from him, and would die alone. He pulled himself
  up, moving closer to Michael. &quot;Is your place close?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Just around the corner a bit.&quot; Michael helped him to stand,
  wrapping an arm around his shoulder as he led him along. No one saw anything.
  He was never here. He pushed everyone's attention away. &quot;Don't be afraid,
  precious. I promise, no harm will befall you.&quot; 
 They faded as they turned the corner. Michael returned to Azrael's home. 
 * * * 
 He had to hold the boy still as they materialized in Azrael's chamber. &quot;Be
  still, boy.&quot; His will pressed down on the boy's mind, forcing his struggles
  to cease. &quot;I gave you my word. I will not harm you. Trust me.&quot; His
  voice was soft, a silky compelling whisper that stole the younger man's ability
  to think. 
 A gasp from behind him had Michael swinging himself and the boy around. &quot;Wh-Who
  are you?&quot; A girl, maybe seventeen or eighteen by looks, with red shoulder
  length hair stood in the doorway. &quot;Where is Azrael?&quot; she demanded,
  voice rising as she went for the chain at her throat. 
 Michael recognized the charm. It was infused with Azrael's power, letting
  any of his, breed that saw this one, know that she was under his protection.
  Had he been any other than who he was, the power would have forced him to flee.
  But he knew that force, had worn one of those same charms for over a hundred
  years, still had it in his possession should he ever be outnumbered. 
 &quot;I have no war with you.&quot; He held the boy tighter. &quot;I am
  Michael. Azrael calls me Megel. He is my Sire. I am welcomed here.&quot; He
  let the force of the charm wash over him. 
 &quot;Nikki!&quot; Maria hissed, moving to cover the charm with her hand,
  blocking the flow of energy. &quot;That's Azrael's first, the one I told you
  about.&quot; 
 The girl blushed, looking flustered. &quot;Oh, I did it again, didn't I?&quot; 
 &quot;You have to chill out. You almost scared twenty years off of me.&quot; Maria
  fussed. &quot;Do you have any idea how angry our Master would have gotten if
  the charm worked on him like it does all the rest?&quot; 
 Michael shook his head, shushing her. &quot;No, she did right. Your first
  duty is to your Lord's domain. With a few exceptions to the rule, unless they
  come with Azrael's permission or at his request, with him here to greet them,
  they should not be here.&quot; 
 &quot;Who's that?&quot; Maria pointed to the boy, who was still held in
  Michael's arms. He was silent, but his eyes spoke of great fear. &quot;Did
  Azrael take our request to heart already?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, and no, pet. This one is mine. Azrael is still hunting.&quot; His
  words brought a whimper of fear from the boy. 
 &quot;Master,&quot; Maria didn't even think of refusing him the title &quot;let
  us talk to him, explain his new life. He is like Jenna was when Azrael brought
  her home, so afraid, so lost. It was Nikki and I who were able to explain it
  to her and ease her fears.&quot; She stepped close to him, unafraid to lay
  a hand on his arm &quot;I know you can steal his fears from him, but my master
  found that it is easier on us if you let us lose them naturally.&quot; 
 Michael looked down at the boy in his arms. &quot;What is your name?&quot; 
 &quot;J--Jason.&quot; That soft Southern drawl again, laced heavily with
  sweet fear. Michael closed his eyes, savoring the forbidden feeling. He had
  spent so much of his life trying not to frighten people, to protect himself.
  This new rush of fear, fear with no dangerous repercussions was an exotic thrill.
  His head moved slowly, downward, and he bared the boy's throat. 
 &quot;No.&quot; Nicole stepped forward. &quot;Take me, Master. Let us explain
  it to him. But if you take him now, you might as well go all the way. He won't
  ever be of any use, he will never give up his fear freely.&quot; 
 Michael's head came up at her words. &quot;My, my, but aren't you the brave
  one? Thank you for reminding me. I promised him I wouldn't hurt him, and I
  won't.&quot; He pulled away, letting Jason stand-alone. &quot;I thank you for
  your help. I will let the three of you talk.&quot; He stepped back into the
  shadows, there but not there. 
 Jason spun around, watching him pull away, fading to just a dim mark against
  the wall. &quot;Where did he-?&quot; 
 Maria and Nicole took him by the arms and led him to the couch. Both spoke
  softly. Reassuring him that there was no need to be afraid. That, they, were
  like him and couldn't hurt him. 
 &quot;Where did he go?&quot; He still glanced desperately around, eyes resting
  on the shadow. &quot;Is that him? What is he?&quot; 
 &quot;Ssshh, it's okay. Yes, that's him. He's giving you breathing room
  for a few minutes. Relax, it's okay.&quot; Maria tried to soothe him. 
 &quot;What is he?&quot; Jason's eyes were wide. The guy couldn't be human.
  He had to be some sort of alien. If he were, what would happen? Was he here
  to do experiments on humans? The fear in his belly grew. Was he to die? 
 Maria pulled his head to her breast, stroking his hair gently. &quot;You
  know what a vampire is?&quot; She bit her lip, waiting for his response. 
 &quot;He's . . .&quot; the whites of his eyes stood out as he began to tremble
  more forcefully. 'He's a vampire, oh God, oh no'. He was going to die. He knew
  it. They thought they were vampires. They would kill him and drink his blood. 
 Both girls held him, preventing him from pulling away. &quot;Relax, honey,
  you're safe. Wait, hear us out.&quot; Maria whispered, over and over again. 
 &quot;What goes here?&quot; Azrael had returned alone. &quot;Maria, Nicole?&quot; 
 &quot;Not now, Azrael.&quot; Maria hushed him. &quot;It's Megel's new one.
  We're explaining things to him.&quot; She spared him a look of beseechment. &quot;Please,
  Master, a moment alone. Mercy.&quot; 
 Azrael nodded, looking to see where Michael was before heading to join him. 
 Jason was almost hyperventilating. &quot;He-he just appeared.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, they all can do that. I think it's so they can annoy us by popping
  in at the worst possible moments.&quot; Maria smiled at him, trying to relax
  the situation. &quot;My name is Maria, this is my friend Nicole, but we call
  her Nikki.&quot; 
 &quot;Why?&quot; He kept his eye on the spot where both vampires disappeared. &quot;Why
  am I here, what does he want?&quot; The sudden change in his face spoke of
  the sudden reminder of what vampires wanted. &quot;Oh.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, 'oh'.&quot; Nicole laughed. &quot;My reaction was a little like
  yours. It took me forever to get past that part of our arrangement.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, and Azrael was more patient with you during those first months
  than I could have ever been.&quot; Maria eyed her. &quot;Now, did I hear you
  tell Megel that your name was Jason?&quot; 
 Jason looked at her, then Nicole. He could run. Maybe get away before the
  two came back. He was a little weak, but they were only two girls, he could
  get by them. His eyes searched for the door. 
 &quot;No, Jason.&quot; Michael appeared again. &quot;You can't run. You
  are my guest here, and here you shall remain.&quot; He stood in front of the
  door. 
 &quot;You mustn't do that,&quot; Maria hissed at Jason. &quot;If you want
  to live, you had better listen to me.&quot; Her tone was threatening 
 Jason looked at her, his eyes betraying the almost mindless fear that gripped
  him. The guy had just appeared there, they could be anywhere. Deep in his soul
  came the chilling realization that they 'were' vampires. &quot;Live?&quot; He
  moistened his lips with the tip of his tongue. &quot;I'm gonna die, aren't
  I?&quot; 
 Maria shrugged. &quot;That depends on you and how you act. Now, will you
  listen to me?&quot; She patted his arm, trying to give him some of her strength. 
 He shook his head, trying to focus on her. &quot;If I do, what's going to
  happen?&quot; 
 &quot;I'll tell you why you're here, and what it means. After that, it depends
  on you. If you behave, then I promise you it won't be bad. But if you fight,
  I can't swear he won't just kill you. They can do so quite easily.&quot; 
 Jason locked eyes with Michael, trying to gauge by the man's look how much
  danger he was really in. Michael's soft smile, displaying the tips of his fangs,
  did not do anything to help his peace of mind. &quot;Okay, I'll listen,&quot; he
  said, defeated. He knew he was dead. When his actual end would be he didn't
  know, but he was dead. 
 Maria sighed in relief. &quot;Good. Now first, I am going to get you something
  to drink. This will be easier to digest if your nerves aren't so tight.&quot; She
  caught his chin in her hand. &quot;Please don't do anything while I'm gone.&quot; Her
  eyes locked with his. &quot;Promise me.&quot; 
 &quot;I--I'll stay, I promise.&quot; His soul reached out to her. She sounded
  so concerned for him. Like she was trying to help him come to terms with this.
  If it were true, maybe he would live. 
 Michael bit the inside of his lip as he worked delicately on the young mortal's
  mind. Just a touch, he dared no more. Let the boy think this was his idea,
  let him feel in control of his mind. But gently, slowly, and with almost an
  artist's touch he began to re-shape the new one's mind. 
 Maria drew his attention as she stopped before him. &quot;Master, please,
  I know I have no right to ask anything of you. I'm Azrael's, but please, show
  pity. If he resists, do not hurt him. Give us a chance to make him understand.&quot; She
  held her head up, eyes meeting his. She might belong to Azrael, but she was
  not cowed. 
 Michael smiled down into her eyes. &quot;I give you my word, I won't harm
  him, for now.&quot; He stepped aside allowing her into the hall. &quot;I am
  not heartless to his fears. I'm never maliciously cruel.&quot; 
 Maria smiled back at him. &quot;No, I guess you wouldn't be. I just couldn't
  see anyone Azrael loved being like that.&quot; 
 He touched her cheek, smiling. &quot;You really do care for my old Sire,
  don't you? You're not here out of fear, are you?&quot; 
 &quot;Don't misunderstand me, Master. I am very afraid of what my master
  could do to me if I went against him. But I love Azrael. He saved my life,
  gave me hope. No man other than he has ever touched me and not made me want
  to die. I know that as long as I am here, and obey my Master always, my life
  is one full of love and plenty. I would die for Azrael, if it came down to
  it. Were he hurt or whatever, and he needed my blood, my life, to live, I'd
  bare my throat.&quot; She lowered her eyes. &quot;I have no life without him.
  I am his always.&quot; 
 Michael sighed. Oh, to have this total devotion. She was more than he had
  ever dreamed possible. Now to have the boy, to one day command this much power. 
 &quot;Go, pet, fetch what you must. I'll watch him until you return. I won't
  let him be harmed.&quot; 
 Maria hurried down the hall. Poor kid, this couldn't be easy on him. Azrael's
  friend, Megel, still wasn't altogether sane. She had heard what he had lived
  through. He was a live wire for now. It wasn't going to be easy on the boy.
  Maybe Azrael would let her see if she could let him work some of the past loneliness
  out on her. She didn't believe she would be in danger. 
 Azrael didn't keep much liquor in the house. None of them drank much. But
  there was one decanter, filled with deep red liquor that he had used often
  in the early part of her training. It was very potent, and helped to dull the
  senses quite a bit. It would take the fight out of Jason, and make his surrender
  less traumatic. 
 &quot;So, you love me.&quot; A soft voice as arms wrapped themselves around
  her. &quot;I heard what you said to Megel. Do you really feel so?&quot; Azrael
  kissed the back of her neck, arms pulling her back against him tightly. 
 Maria squirmed a little until Azrael lightened his hold and she could turn
  around to face him. &quot;My love.&quot; She smiled pulling his face to hers. &quot;I
  didn't lie to him, you know I didn't. You are all we have. I think if you pushed
  us out now, we'd be totally lost. Jenna would probably die within a month,
  long before the wasting could begin. You wrought your magic well, Master. We
  are yours totally, and will freely admit it.&quot; His kisses were light and
  teasing, forcing her to lean closer, mouth seeking his, lips parting to beg
  for his tongue. She loved this, when he would hold her and love her. No man
  alive had ever made her feel the way he did. His mastery was soul lifting.
  In his arms she knew that she was safe, and that she was wanted. 
 &quot;After tonight, I want you and the girls to make sure Megel is taken
  care of until his new one is able to give him his full devotion. I want him
  made to feel welcome. Will you do this for me?&quot; He unbuttoned her blouse,
  exposing her breasts to his hands and mouth, tongue teasing a rosy nipple. 
 &quot;Yes, Master,&quot; she moaned. She was spared having to ask, and between
  the four of them, they would be able to allow the boy time to get on his feet. 
 &quot;What would I do without you?&quot; He kissed her as his right hand
  slipped under the elastic of her skirt to part her lips softly. &quot;Always
  thinking of ways to make my life easier, aren't you dearest?&quot; 
 Her arms locked over his shoulders as she leaned forward into the power
  of his hand. &quot;You--oh, Azrael, Master.&quot; It had been weeks. She didn't
  realize how much she missed his touch until now. 
 &quot;Go, finish with the boy. But know this Maria, I want you. I have your
  scent, I have your taste, and soon I will have your body. Go about this knowing,
  feeling, my desire, and know that soon.&quot; He pressed her against the wall,
  thrusting his fingers deep inside her as his mouth closed on hers with almost
  brutal force. 
 Maria gasped as he pulled away, fading from sight. She trembled under the
  power he had flooded her with. Yes, she would be reminded of his mastery soon
  enough. She hurried a little wobble in her step. 
 * * * 
 Michael sat beside Jason, and smiled down at him. Taking in his looks, fully,
  for the first time. The soft blond hair, the blue eyes the country-boy good
  looks that were so charming. &quot;I know that telling you to relax, that you
  have no reason to be this afraid is a waste of time, but I'm telling it to
  you, anyway. If all I had wanted was your death, I could have done that where
  you were. I want your life, Jason, your continued good health.&quot; He cupped
  his face, frowning when the youth jerked away. &quot;Don't do that, Jason.&quot; Again
  he reached out and cupped his face. &quot;Be still. You're not in danger.&quot; 
 &quot;What--what are you gonna do? What do you want?&quot; His voice cracked. 
 &quot;I'm going to keep you with me. I want you. I did not lie when I said
  that. I want you to be mine. I will give you a comfortable life, money, a home,
  food, anything your heart desires. I am not a complete monster. If you are
  good, your life will be happy.&quot; 
 &quot;Why?&quot; He couldn't understand why. If this guy was a vampire,
  why did he want to keep him? Why didn't he just drain him and, it, be over? 
 Literally reading the boy's mind, Michael said, &quot;Because hunting is
  dangerous. I need to feed to live. So I will trade you a life of comfort and
  safety, for your blood. I have not killed in over three hundred years. Thereis
  no need. I don't require that much.&quot; 
 Jason fought down his instinct to bolt away. This 'thing'   was
  going to drink his blood. Was going to keep him like food stock, a walking
  diner. &quot;No,&quot; he croaked. 
 &quot;Yes, Jason.&quot; Again, just a touch as he pulled the boy to lean
  against him. &quot;Don't do this. I won't hurt you or take much of your essence.
  You won't be weakened. Maria will return soon, but no matter how much you argue,
  the fact remains that you belong to me.&quot; 
 &quot;Please,&quot; the word was torn from him. His freedom was being taken
  from him, his life stolen as he watched on helplessly. 
 &quot;Master,&quot; Maria appeared at his shoulder. &quot;Allow me, if I
  may.&quot; 
 He smiled up at her as he rose, pulling away. &quot;What have we here?&quot; 
 &quot;It will help him. I swear it will make it easier. Azrael gave it to
  each of us in the beginning.&quot; She stepped closer to him. &quot;After we
  have taken care of your new friend, may I speak to you?&quot; 
 &quot;Is there a problem, sweet?&quot; 
 &quot;No, not at all. I only want an opportunity to offer our help while
  he adapts. You cannot spend the time you want with him yet, his fears are too
  great.&quot; 
 &quot;Are you offering yourself because you wish to, or because my master
  ordered it?&quot; He parted her still open blouse to reach for her breasts. 
 &quot;He did ask if we could do this, but I want to.&quot; She pressed into
  his caresses. &quot;Nikki will come to you after the boy is put to bed. She
  owes you for her sassiness.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; He pinched her nipples lightly before releasing her. &quot;I
  do have to tame that spitfire don't I? Thank you Maria. Go talk to him all
  you want. I'll stand out of the way.&quot; 
 Maria sat beside him, smiling. &quot;See, he's not a bad sort if you're
  good.&quot; She held out the small glass. &quot;Drink this, Jason. It will
  help you to relax.&quot; 
 &quot;What is it?&quot; He looked at the red liquid. It didn't look like
  anything he'd ever been served before. 
 &quot;A liquor. It isn't going to hurt you. It just helps you to relax.
  Please, Jason, don't force the issue. Everything is going so well, let's not
  spoil it now.&quot; 
 He took the glass and drained it in three swallows. &quot;Thank you.&quot; 
 She patted his arm. &quot;Good boy. See it's not so hard. Did Nikki tell
  you anything while I was gone?&quot; 
 &quot;No, I didn't have a chance.&quot; Nikki smiled at him. &quot;His master
  sat beside us and talked to him.&quot; 
 &quot;What did he tell you, Jason?&quot; She brushed the hair from his face. 
 &quot;That he--he's going to keep me here so that he can feed off of me.&quot; He
  realized the totality of the situation as he explained it. Then it dawned on
  him. &quot;He, you let him touch you.&quot; A vampire had been playing with
  her body. 
 &quot;Yes, they tend to do that, but look.&quot; She parted her blouse,
  showing her breasts. &quot;There are no marks. He didn't hurt me.&quot; 
 &quot;But he's a vampire.&quot; He was beginning to be afraid again. There
  was more to this than just the blood. &quot;Vampires don't . . . do they?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh, yes.&quot; Maria laughed, totally charmed by his naivet&eacute;. &quot;Azrael
  is wonderful.&quot; 
 &quot;I'm gonna--&quot; He stammered, shocked by his own stupidity. He'd
  come here to let the guy fuck him, but now that the truth was out he had lost
  sight of that possibility. &quot;He's gonna keep me as a.&quot; He couldn't
  say the word. 
 &quot;Slave?&quot; She finished for him. &quot;No, we're not slaves, or
  at least not to them. A slave is someone who was your equal that you have dominated.
  We're like dogs or cats to them, a cute pet. Good for food, and, amusement,
  nothing so formal as actual slavery, you're going to be his toy, his pet.&quot; 
 Nicole wrapped an arm around him. &quot;Oh, don't look like that. It's not
  a bad life. You were a prostitute, weren't you? Selling your body to live.
  This isn't far from that in some ways. But the difference is you won't have
  to go back to the streets to live. We are all well cared for here. Food clothes,
  a home and freedom, as long as we do as we are told. Our life is great. I got
  to finish school; I shop, play tennis, get nights out, and I always have the
  things I need. I don't have to spread my legs to strangers to get it. Azrael
  cares for us, and we love him.&quot; 
 He listened to her words. A good life, no more tricks, bed, food, money
  and all he had to do was let his vampire master feed off of him and fuck him.
  How bad could it be? If he were going to die, he'd die. He wasn't stupid; it
  could happen quickly, and there was nothing he could do about it. But if he
  gave in, and let him do this, maybe he'd live for a while longer. &quot;What
  happens?&quot; 
 Maria sighed with relief. The boy was thinking. Either that, or Megel was
  better than she had thought. &quot;For the first month or so, until you've
  proven that you're his totally, you won't be allowed to leave the house without
  him, and at dawn when he goes to bed, you will be chained to yours. It's only
  for a little while. You've got lots of time afterwards to make up for it. How
  old are you?&quot; 
 &quot;Nineteen.&quot; He looked at Michael, weighing his survival chances. 
 &quot;So after you've proven you're his, you still have one hundred and
  fifty years or so to enjoy it.&quot; 
 &quot;A hundred and fifty!&quot; His attention snapped back to her. 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; She grinned at him. &quot;He will blood bond with you,
  give you some of his blood. It will change you a little. You get to live about
  another one hundred and fifty years. You'll look like you do right now, in
  the height of your good looks. You'll never be sick or old. It's really one
  of the best parts of this agreement.&quot; She laughed at the look on his face. &quot;How
  old do you think I am Jason?&quot; 
 He looked at her hard. &quot;My age, maybe a year or two older.&quot; 
 She shook her head no. &quot;Would you believe I'm almost fifty two? I've
  been with Azrael for over thirty years. Valerie is the youngest. She's only
  been here about twenty-five years, and she's almost forty-five. I'm telling
  the truth. I have a driver's license from when I was normal with my birth date
  on it. I was born in the fifties.&quot; 
 &quot;What happens after a hundred and fifty years?&quot; He couldn't think
  about this right now. It was too incredible. 
 &quot;Then you begin to burn out. You age years in a matter of months. Azrael
  warned me it wasn't pretty. But if you are good and do what you have been told
  all your life, I'm sure Megel will do as Azrael plans and take you quickly.&quot; 
 &quot;He'd kill me?&quot; Again the cold fear. 
 &quot;You should beg that he does. He's giving you over twice what you could
  dream of getting. In the height of your youth so you can enjoy it to the fullest.
  He deserves your life by then and you should be happy to give it.&quot; Maria's
  tone was firm, and her look grave. 
 She had a point. It really was intriguing. &quot;Only for a month or so?&quot; 
 &quot;Or until he is satisfied that you are his.&quot; She lowered her voice. &quot;Don't
  fight his will, Jason. Let it dominate you freely. To fight is hard and painful.
  You can't win. But if you just allow it to happen, it's wonderful. I can't
  see anyone my Master is linked to being cruel. He will make it well worth it.&quot; 
 &quot;And if I don't agree?&quot; 
 &quot;Then it will be forced on you anyway. He could take your will and
  make you want it. Or he could kill you and get another.&quot; Her tone was
  flat. &quot;I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound cold, but those are the hard facts.
  You either agree to do this freely and keep your mind and soul, or he takes
  them and you're never anything more than his puppet. Or he kills you. He can
  hurt you, Jason, please believe that. If you don't do what he wants, he can
  hurt you and hurt you badly.&quot; She looked at him, trying to see if he would
  go freely into this, or if they would have to watch him be reduced to nothing. 
 He looked at her, mouth trying to work, but nothing came out. It was too
  much. As it finally sank in he came to believe that he was hearing the truth
  and the tears finally came. He couldn't fight the reality any longer. He belonged
  to this man, this creature, whether he wanted to or not. &quot;I don't wanna
  die.&quot; He cried into her shoulder. He wanted to live, but to live he would
  have to give up everything, even his life. 
 &quot;Now is the time to talk to your master.&quot; She lifted his face. &quot;Now,
  while he is in a compassionate mood due to your ignorance. 
Ask him what he expects of you, now much length there is for your chain.&quot; 
 Jason turned his head, almost against his will, to where Michael stood. &quot;I-I
  don't remember your name.&quot; The words were hollow sounding as he tried
  to figure out what this man would expect. 
 &quot;Michael, or Megel, but for now call me 'Master'. Perhaps later in
  private, in my arms you may use my name, but until then, 'Master'   or 'Milord'  will
  do.&quot; 
 &quot;Master.&quot; Oh, the horror in the word the boy spoke. The subtle
  resistance in the tone, almost as though his body was lost, but his soul rebelled.
  The boy might meekly bend his body to him, but the prize, his soul, was still
  to be gained. 
 &quot;Can you walk, Jason?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; He rose as Michael motioned. 
 &quot;Yes, 'Master'  , Jason. Do not forget. It is
  too soon to be forced to punish you.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, Master.&quot; He wiped the tears from his eyes as he came into
  Michael's reach. 
 &quot;I love your voice, Jason, so sweet and Southern. Where did you come
  from, pet?&quot; 
 &quot; Here, Georgia--&quot; a hint of a pause, &quot;Master.&quot; 
 &quot;Good. See? You can learn easily. I want you to listen to me, Jason.
  I have no intention of hurting you. I want you to be happy. Happy is good for
  both of us. If you are content with your life, then you will be more ready
  to respond to me.&quot; Michael pulled him close. &quot;Like when I offered
  to spend the night with you and you pressed yourself against me.&quot; 
 &quot;For five hundred dollars, I'd have been willing to do almost anything,
  Master.&quot; He trembled mostly from fear and confusion, but there was a small
  part that was excited. 
 &quot;Yes, but now you're getting much more than just the five hundred dollars.
  I'm well off Jason, you'll never want for anything again.&quot; He looked to
  his Sire. &quot;Will you watch over me, in case I lose control?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, I will not let you go too far.&quot; Azrael appeared in the room
  again. 
 Michael stepped away, taking Jason's hand. &quot;Come, let me taste your
  life, and give you a sample of mine. Be linked to me, Jason, bond with me by
  our blood.&quot; He led him to the bed in the corner of the room. &quot;Sit,
  my pet.&quot; 
 Jason had no will. All he could do was look up into Michael's eyes as his
  knees gave out from under him. He couldn't pull away, couldn't cry out. His
  soul raged as his body leaned into his captor's arms, rubbing the span of his
  back as his mouth opened beneath Michael's cool lips, dueling with the silkiness
  of his tongue. &quot;Please.&quot; His soul cried that word as his head lifted
  to expose the column of his throat to a seeking mouth. The kisses and the nuzzling
  made him ache with want and shame. His soul waged a losing battle as the first
  sharp pain of entry took him. 
 Michael felt him stiffen beneath him, but he only held on tighter, letting
  the power and the life that was his new pet flow into his mouth with his blood.
  He felt the boy's body tremble and, cling to his, but he also felt Jason's
  soul rage in rebellion, a losing, frightening battle that fed his dark side
  with joy. 
 As he pulled away, he felt Azrael's pleasure at his control. He took the
  little blade that his Sire held out to him. As he opened his shirt, he explained. &quot;Listen
  to me, Jason. I will cut myself, and you will drink. Finish the connection
  with me. Belong to me body and soul.&quot; A red liquid line appeared as Michael
  cut himself deeply. &quot;Now.&quot; 
 Jason's soul rose up to rage one last time as he resisted, but as Michael
  touched his face, pulling his head down to the cut, his life faded a little
  as his soul lost the battle. As the blood touched his lips and he began to
  draw on it, his innermost self screamed in agony. 
 Michael moaned low at the intense pleasure of the act. A hot mouth drawing
  his life. Yes, this was the answer. No more being alone, no more lifeless little
  bags. Oh, the heat, the passion. He wanted to feel Jason under him so badly
  that he ached with it. 
 &quot;Enough.&quot; He forced Jason's head from him. &quot;There is no more
  for now.&quot; He licked the blood off the boy's face. &quot;You belong to
  me now, little man. Do you feel my power inside you? You are mine, for if you
  left now you would die, painfully, and there is nothing anyone could do to
  stop it unless I grant you more of my blood.&quot; 
 &quot;Master,&quot; the boy cried clinging to him. His whole world was turned
  upside down. He--he needed something more now. He wanted this. The horror of
  the realization left him crazed, but he wanted him. 
 &quot;Nicole,&quot; Azrael touched his second oldest pet on the arm. &quot;Take
  Megel down to one of the rooms so that he can put his pet down for now. The
  when he is finished, take him to the back room so he can rest come daylight.
  I have no idea, for I have not looked, what, has, transpired while I was gone.
  But if you have been up to your old ways again, I expect you to make it up
  to Megel, before he sleeps, or you and I shall have a long talk.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, Master.&quot; She lowered her eyes. 
 &quot;Go, Megel, get the boy somewhere so that you can enjoy his charms.
  I have faith that you will not harm him.&quot; 
 Michael stood, pulling Jason with him. &quot;Come with me, pet, trust me.&quot; 
CHAPTER 3 
 Nicole walked silently before them. She did not know this one. She had no
  idea what punishment he would exact, but Azrael had been quite firm. Whatever
  the price, she had best be willing to pay. &quot;Here, Master. This can be
  hisroom.&quot; She stood by the door. &quot;There is a chain on the bed, and
  the door locks with a bolt from the outside.&quot; 
 &quot;Wait here, I will be along shortly.&quot; He looked down at her. &quot;Don't
  panic, Nikki, I understand, I'm not overly distraught with you.&quot; Michael
  brushed her cheek with his fingers before turning to lead Jason into the room. 
 &quot;No, please.&quot; Jason pulled away when he saw the bed. &quot;I won't
  fight you, I swear.&quot; 
 &quot;Hush.&quot; He pulled the boy to him. &quot;The rules are quite simple.
  Until the bond sets in fully, and your soul belongs to me as much as your body,
  you will sleep chained. There is only one that you must wear after I am gone.
  It has enough lead to allow you to move to the water closet there. I will make
  sure you are fed before I leave, and that the girls bring you food during the
  day until I rise.&quot; He pushed him towards the bed. &quot;Take off you clothes,
  Jason.&quot; 
 Jason's movements were slow, not forced, but shy and fearful. He'd been
  rammed before. It didn't even hurt much anymore. But something warned him that
  this time would be different. Deep inside, he knew it would be the beginning
  of the end. 
 The boy was beautiful. Michael already knew the scent and feel of the long,
  pale hair had gazed into the clear, light blue eyes. A face so young so clean,
  with strong high cheekbones and a pleasing hint of budding maleness. He caressed
  the body with his eyes. Jason had kept himself in shape, but it wasn't the
  top-heavy masses of muscle that would mar the perfection. Just smooth, sleek
  lines, whispering of the youthful muscles beneath. Sweet buttocks that begged
  to be stroked matched by the beginnings of an erection in an equally lovely
  penis, such a beautiful prize. 
 Michael made soft fussing noises at the obvious marks of abuse on Jason's
  back, buttocks and thighs. &quot;Poor pet, who hurt you so?&quot; He touched
  the marks gently. 
 &quot;A regular.&quot; Jason stood still under the feeling of hands on his
  body. Past experience had trained him not to move at this point. &quot;Once
  a week, he gave me a hundred and fifty dollars to let him whip me. I was coming
  back when I met you,&quot; he whispered softly as Michael lifted him and laid
  him out on the bed. &quot;I won't have to do that again, will I, Master?&quot; 
 &quot;No, I won't let him touch you again. Though I believe that under the
  right circumstances you would enjoy certain pains, a whipping is not one of
  them. I will only truly harm you as punishment.&quot; He began to undress. &quot;Are
  you going to need that Jason? Will you continue to be as sweet as you have 
been? Must I prove that I will hurt you?&quot; 
 &quot;No, I believe you,&quot; he babbled, as he fought and won over the
  urge to jump from the bed as Michael came close. &quot;Master?&quot; 
 &quot;Call me Michael here, or Megel, as the rest do. We are alone, and
  I would much rather hear you call my name as you give into my passions. Up
  with you Jason. Go fetch a wet cloth. We will need it soon. Use the facilities
  if you must.&quot; 
 Jason obeyed, relieved that Michael would think of something as simple as
  that. He was well aware of how messy this sort of thing could get, and his
  master's calm, ease and preparations spoke volumes of his experience. He wasn't
  the first he'd had, and that added to his slowly growing feeling of security.
  He wasn't to be whipped. As long as he was good, there probably wouldn't be
  much pain. Maybe, just maybe, it would all be okay. 
 He jumped as Michael poked his head in. &quot;I'm sorry, did I startle you?
  There should be a small brown jar in the cabinet there, bring it as well, I
  just remembered that you and I, will, need it. It is one of the few drawbacks
  of loving a man.&quot; 
 &quot;What is it, Master?&quot; He stopped. &quot;I mean, Michael?&quot; 
 &quot;Cream, a lubricant. What, these beasts that have been using you never
  bothered to ease entry?&quot; The thought was horrifying. No wonder the child
  was so fearful. How much pain had been forced on him? 
 &quot;I didn't know.&quot; Jason relaxed even more. He was going to use
  a lubricant. &quot;I used condoms most of the time. They came with their own.&quot; He
  blushed as Michael led him back into the bedroom. 
 Michael pushed him back on the bed, hushing the single whimper that escaped
  his pet as he lay down beside him. &quot;Relax, Jason.&quot; He took the cloth
  and laid it with the jar on the nightstand. &quot;Your body is beautiful. I
  will enjoy loving it and you.&quot; He smiled down brushing the hair from Jason's
  brow. &quot;Open to me, pet. Let me love you.&quot; 
 He fought the urge to panic as whisper light lips brushed firs his forehead;
  then closed over his. He cried against Michael's lips, a mouth both, hot, and,
  delightful, on his throat. Kissing and biting gently. Was Michael going to
  bite him again? Would the intense heat and desire be there again? &quot;Please.&quot; His
  hands caught Michael's head, fingers tangling in the dark tresses. &quot;Oh,
  please.&quot; 
 Michael lifted his head to look down at his pet. &quot;Ssshh, no, pet, I've
  taken all that I dare from you for now. You are weak. Too much would only weaken
  you more. Wait, I promise. Later I will grant you my hunger again.&quot; 
 &quot;Later.&quot; It had to be later. He wanted to feel that again, because
  it made everything all right. His soul couldn't war against it. He needed to
  feel that again, the feeling of absolute powerlessness. To know that he had
  no say could not refuse. It eased the pain and guilt. 
 Michael was pleased by Jason's whole-hearted response to his advances. The
  cries of pleasure as he worked his way down the young body beneath him. No,
  frightened whimpers or shy responses, no, this boy knew what was happening.
  He was not a timid virgin, like he had been the first time Azrael had forced
  him to his bed. 
 Images ran through his mind as he felt hands on his flesh, that, were eager
  to return the caresses. The years faded like seconds and again he was a young
  mortal boy enslaved by his vampire master and forced to his bed and to his
  lusts. &quot;You want this, don't you, Jason? Tell me you want this.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; His breath was a hiss. &quot;God, yes, Michael, please.&quot; What
  was this? Was the game changing already? &quot;Michael?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh, hush, pet.&quot; He captured his lips once again. &quot;Now is
  not the time to balk.&quot; He reached for the small jar. &quot;Here, let me
  feel your hands on me, Jason. I want you, and I must have you.&quot; 
 Trembling fingers encircled him, as Jason pressed up against him, mouth-begging
  attention as his hands worked, stroking shyly as the pale yellow cream coated
  him. &quot;Now?&quot; Jason had never wanted this before, but now the desire
  ate at him. 
 Michael moved slowly, lifting Jason's legs over his shoulders. &quot;Have
  you been selling yourself for long, pet? Does entry still pain you?&quot; 
 Jason cried softly as his muscles gave way to the intrusion. &quot;No, oh,
  God.&quot; A wave of heat rose up from his groin to roll through his body as
  another crested with Michael's movements. Each thrust rubbing against his prostate
  brought another wave as intense and powerful as the one before, leaving him
  open and begging for more. 
 Michael fought himself. He had to watch his strength, be mindful that the
  boy beneath him was mortal. He could hurt him very badly. He looked down at
  him, opening his mind. &quot;You are mine,&quot; he whispered as Jason's eyes
  met his and the boy felt Michael's full power, his will, crushing, and all
  thoughts of resistance. 'Yes'  , he surrendered, he belonged
  to him, would do anything to please him. 
 &quot;Say it,&quot; again the whisper. &quot;Tell me that you are mine.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; He cried out as the waves of heat rose in frequency and
  strength as Michael's thrusts picked up speed and force. &quot;I'm yours, please,
  Michael, Master.&quot; He stiffened as his orgasm blazed through him, leaving
  a feeling so pleasurable it almost hurt in its wake. He screamed Michael's
  name, reaching, needing to hold him. 
 Michael gave himself to this glorious surrender, his hips moving in hard
  fast thrusts as he joined his bedmate in the sea of ecstasy. 
 Jason attacked him as he pulled out, arms locking around his neck, mouth
  hot and demanding on his. &quot;Yes,&quot; he chuckled, lying over the boy,
  pleased to see how much his attention had brought him. Tomorrow he would have
  to win the boy again, but for now, he was his completely. 
 Jason relaxed a little in his arms when he realized that Michael wasn't
  pulling away, but held him in the same desperate fashion that he attacked him. &quot;Let
  me stay.&quot; He begged. &quot;Please.&quot; 
 The vampire, who, was now his master chuckled. &quot;Ssshh, yes, you're
  going to stay, pet. What reason do I have for letting you go?&quot; 
 &quot;Stay with me, please, Michael. Don't tie me up, yet. Stay with me
  just a little while.&quot; 
 Michael pulled away just a bit. &quot;Take the cloth, clean me first, then
  give me your hand, pet. Let me chain you to the bed. I'll hold you until you
  fall asleep.&quot; Eyes met again as Jason felt his resistance fade. &quot;You
  will not harm yourself, do you hear me? If you so much as think about it, I
  will chain you spread-eagle to the bed as punishment.&quot; 
 Jason moaned under the force. &quot;I swear, I won't.&quot; He tried to
  pull away. &quot;Please, Michael, I promise.&quot; It hurt this crushing force. &quot;Please.&quot; He
  pushed against Michael's chest, trying to get away from those cold blue eyes
  and the terrible power of his will. 
 &quot;Stop, Jason.&quot; Michael's hands locked around his wrists. &quot;You
  must never fight me, understand? As long as you obey, bend to my desires, life
  will be good. But resistance stirs my darker nature. Remember what I am, always.
  Be ever mindful never to anger my Dark Self. I would grieve if I hurt you in
  a fit of anger.&quot; 
 &quot;Please.&quot; Jason froze, fear winning again. It rose like a tide
  to drown him. &quot;Please.&quot; 
 Michael released him. 'I've frightened him,'  a twinge
  of, self-disgust. Breaking him was not as easy as he had thought. He wanted
  him, but he wouldn't have him as a lifeless blood donor. The thought of this
  one being nothing but a breathing blood bag sickened him. &quot;I have frightened
  you badly, and that was never my intent. I only wanted to make sure that you
  do not do yourself grievous harm while I sleep.&quot; Coddle the boy for now.
  See if there was a way to repair the damage. &quot;Be patient with me, Jason.&quot; He
  handed him the cool, wet cloth. &quot;I have never done this before, so I am,
  of course, going to try my best to do it well.&quot; 
 Jason stared at him. He was apologizing, admitting that he was wrong. &quot;I
  . . ..&quot; What could he say? &quot;I won't try anything, promise.&quot; 
 Michael smiled. &quot;I found your response to be delightful. I did not
  touch you, yet you achieved release.&quot; Cool fingers stroked his belly as
  Jason hurried to finish with his task, moving downward. &quot;Are you always
  so responsive?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; Honesty, he never, not since he started selling himself,
  ever achieved orgasm, unless his trick worked with that goal in mind, which
  was almost never. &quot;I--the guys that I did--they weren't--it wasn't like
  this. They gave me money. I did what they wanted. But I never--.&quot; He moaned,
  feeling himself harden again. It was so strange. Part of him wanted to bare
  his throat, give in to anything that this creature wanted. Only to see him
  smile and it frightened him. No one had ever touched him like that before.
  He had made sure of it. No emotions, no caring, not ever. 
 &quot;How could anyone touch you and not want to see you like that?&quot; Michael's
  voice soft in his ear. &quot;Your passion is beautiful. It thrills me to see
  you beneath me, feel, your, life in my hands. I will always find this pleasing,
  and as you grow to know me, and grant me your trust, I will show you sweetness
  like you have never seen.&quot; 
 Tears came again. It hurt to be like this, wanting yet not. It would be
  so easy to just give in, let him have him. He didn't want to resist. He wanted
  to be anything that Michael wanted or desired, and that hurt. He had spent
  so many years fighting to be free, that now--. &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; His voice
  broke. 
&quot;But please, don't do this.&quot; 
 Yes, he still fought. Michael was pleased. Surrender too soon was not what
  he wanted. He wanted the boy, but only after he had fought all his demons,
  lay the past to rest. &quot;Don't do what?&quot; 
 &quot;I'll stay with you, I'll be good, but don't take my soul. Do anything
  else you want, but let me be me.&quot; 
 &quot;Jason.&quot; He felt the boy's resistance melt under his kiss. &quot;I
  must have you. Your essence, your life must be mine. I can never allow you
  your freedom without it. Don't fight the change so. It is not painful. Just
  open to me, let me do what I must.&quot; He tightened his grip as he caressed
  him. &quot;Like now. Let me love you, open yourself to my lusts. You want it,
  I feel your desire as I feel you.&quot; 
 Yes, Jason's mind screamed as he moaned, hips rising in tempo with the firm
  hand. He wanted this again. Like this, in the moment of passion, he could forget
  what was really happening, and Michael became his lover and not his owner.&quot; Michael.&quot; The
  very sound of his name was arousing. 
 &quot;Yes, precious? Is my touch pleasing? Be my love here, tell me what
  you enjoy.&quot; It took everything he had not to sink his teeth into the boy's
  sweet flesh, not to possess him totally. 
 &quot;I--,&quot; Gods, it was hard to think with what Michael was doing
  with his hands and mouth. &quot;Let me--I want to touch you. Do you feel this
  like I do?&quot; He fought to keep his hands at his sides, when all he really
  wanted to do was attack his bedmate, to hear him sob with the wonderful feelings
  that a lover could give. 
 &quot;Touch me, Jason. I enjoy the feeling of hands on my body as much,
  if not more, than any mortal alive does. Don't be shy. Shyness is not required.
  Be as wild, as wanton, as you wish. I will welcome your response always, never
  doubt that.&quot; He stopped his play to pull the boy close as he laid back. 
 &quot;Do you--&quot; he blushed. &quot;I always heard that vampires couldn't.&quot; 
 Michael laughed. &quot;I've made love to you once already, Jason. That question
  has already been answered. Yes, I gain great pleasure at the joining of bodies.
  We are a very sensual people.&quot; 
 &quot;Do you--. Were you born like this?&quot; His head felt good resting
  on Michael's shoulder. The arms around him were comforting. 
 &quot;No Jay, once we become one of the Vampyr, all life is ceased. I have
  no seed. My release is like my tears, blood tinged. &quot; His lips brushed
  the top of the boy's head as Jason's hand shyly reached down to touch him. &quot;I
  became what I am a little over eleven hundred years ago. I was almost your
  age. Azrael took me to be his pet when I was fourteen. I became his Childe,
  at sixteen.&quot; 
 &quot;Sixteen?&quot; He sat up and looked down at this creature. 
 &quot;Yes, but don't think that way. Remember sixteen meant a great deal
  more then. I was a man. Life expectancy, at least in the lower classes, was
  thirty-five.&quot; The boy looked good as he sat beside him, his hair a mass
  of waves around his face. &quot;Come here, Jason. I liked you better in my
  arms.&quot; 
 &quot;You don't look sixteen.&quot; He was having trouble understanding
  what all this fully meant. &quot;I mean you don't look old or anything, but
  you, if you were one of my tricks, I'd take you to be twenty four or twenty
  five.&quot; 
 &quot;We do mature slowly over the years, and I've led a difficult existence
  over the last thirty years or so. It is telling in my appearance. I will look
  a little younger as I grow stronger again.&quot; The boy couldn't keep his
  hands to himself. Even as he lay, listening to everything Michael said, his
  hands reached to touch, to feel, to entice. &quot;If you keep this up, Jason,
  I must warn you, you will have to see it to its finish.&quot; 
 Jason couldn't help himself; he smiled. This was just too weird. Here he
  lay with a vampire, a 'vampire'  , for Gods sake. A creature
  that had every intention of keeping him in chains for months, or however long
  it took until he was convinced that everything was the way he wanted it. It
  was so scary it made him want to scream, yet he smiled. &quot;I don't want
  to sound like I'm telling you what to do or anything, but I'd like that.&quot; 
 A soft chuckle. &quot;In this, my pet, you can be as demanding as you like.
  Always for good or no, I will never deny you this.&quot; 
 The feeling of safety, that seemed to surround him, allowed Jason to think
  of something beyond himself. He stopped, thinking of his sister. &quot;Michael.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, Jay, what's wrong, what happened?&quot; His eyes opened and focused
  on the young troubled, face beside him. 
 &quot;Now, you know that I belong to you. Do I have to give up all of my
  life? Like my sister, will I ever be able to see her again?&quot; 
 Michael shook his head. &quot;No, Jason,&quot; his voice was soft. &quot;Your
  past life is over. From now on, I am your family. Even when we go out and we
  will. I promise you, no one will ever recognize you. It's an illusion, glamour
  that my kind places on mortals. If we didn't, eventually some people might
  figure it out. I'm sorry, pet, but it has to be.&quot; He was prepared for
  a fight. 
 No, he couldn't do this. He couldn't let go yet. She depended on him. &quot;Master,&quot; his
  voice was almost a whisper. &quot;Please, I'll give in, I'll give you everything,
  no fight, but please don't tell me I can't see my sister. She's all the family
  I have. It won't matter. She'll never know.&quot; 
 &quot;Years, my love, years will pass and you will not change. How can she
  not know? No, this is for the best. I know that it is painful. I, too, was
  faced with this loss.&quot; 
 Jason pulled away, pain on his face. &quot;But you don't understand. Please,
  Michael, it's not for long. Jenny is dying. She has cancer. She won't live
  out a year.&quot; He had to make him understand. &quot;Please Michael.&quot; He
  bent, 
kissing him. &quot;I'll do anything you say, I promise. I won't argue, ever.
  Please, let me see her, she's got no one else.&quot; 
 &quot;What happened?&quot; Could he insist the boy give this up? How could
  he demand loyalty freely given if he stole the girl's last months from him? 
 &quot;Brain tumor. It's why I quit school and sold my body. I had to. The
  insurance paid for most of it, but there were still bills. If I leave now,
  she'll end up in a hospital somewhere, surrounded by strangers. There's no
  cure, no hope, but she can't go to a hospital, she wants to die with a little
  dignity.&quot; He nuzzled Michael's throat, planting soft kisses from his ear
  down along his jaw line. 
 &quot;If I do this,&quot; Jason was damned distracting, the little sneak, &quot;allow
  you to continue to see your sister, pay to keep her cared for, you will give
  yourself totally, no resistance ever?&quot; Michael knew that if he gave in
  now, with as hard as the boy was working to sway him, that every time Jason
  wanted something, this was how he would choose to soften him up. He shouldn't
  let him 
get away with this, but it was a small request, and the youngster was trying
  so very hard to seem eager and willing. 
 &quot;Anything, I swear it, Michael.&quot; He trailed lips down his chest,
  seeking the taste of his skin. &quot;Tell me, what do you want me to do?&quot; 
 'Bravo'  , Michael mentally applauded as soft, unbelievably
  warm lips found him. He would have to make the boy beg more often. &quot;I
  will consider it. Show me how willing you, are, and I will see it done. I will
  make sure you never have to sell what belongs to me, and I will allow you to
  go visit her, as often as possible until her death. But you must always prove
  that you are mine, because if you fail, I can stop this immediately.&quot; 
 Jason pulled away, slightly, to kiss the head of the slick glistening shaft
  in his hands before looking up at Michael. &quot;See where I am. I will always
  be here, or in any position you say. Forever, I swear it. Let me care for Jenny,
  keep her safe and I don't care what happens to me. You won't have to force
  it, I'll give myself to you.&quot; 
 &quot;Then, yes, pet, I will allow it. I will call tomorrow evening after
  I rise to start the ball rolling. Maybe in a few days you can take me to meet
  your sister, so you can see her.&quot; 
 Jason nodded, bending his head, his mouth lowering again. &quot;Thank you.&quot; 
 Michael lay there, letting the boy play havoc on his senses. Oh, he was
  a darling. Yes, he definitely would have to make sure that he had things to
  beg for often. Maybe he could make him beg every time he wanted to see her. &quot;You
  just continue to show me this enthusiasm. Every time you do, I will consider
  giving you time with her.&quot; 
 Jason caught the implication of his request. He had been right in trying
  to sway him. Michael was not so different from some of the men he had known;
  he liked it when he begged. &quot;Then we might as well move in with her, because
  I plan to keep showing you how enthusiastic I am.&quot; He smiled softly. &quot;Master.&quot; 
 He moaned softly. It would only be right if he shared this prize with Azrael,
  at least once. His Sire would find this to be as pleasing as he did. Yes, this
  was indeed better than the thrill of the hunt. &quot;Go on, Jay, let me feel
  you. Take advantage of what your efforts have bought.&quot; 
 Before now, Jason had hated fellatio. There were times he'd taken a money
  loss and let some guy fuck him just so he wouldn't have to use his mouth. But
  this time, he wanted it, needed it almost to the point of obsession. &quot;Master?&quot; 
 &quot;What, now, Jason?&quot; Would the boy never finish this? 
 &quot;One more request, please. This one you'll like.&quot; He lipped his
  cock lightly. &quot;Jenny -- they said there would be a lot of pain. There
  won't be a need for an autopsy; they know why she's dying. If I don't let them,
  they can't 
know. If it, you know gets real bad . . .&quot; 
 &quot;I will send her to sleep softly. Yes that I will do gladly. I hate
  to see any poor creature suffering if I can ease the pain.&quot; He pulled
  Jason up into his arms. &quot;You don't have to beg for that. That is a promise
  I give you. No matter what, when it is time, she'll go without pain.&quot; 
 There was nothing else that Michael could have done that would have sealed
  it like this. But the simple gesture, the promise that his sister would not
  go like they had warned, screaming or drugged to her teeth, marked Jason's
  soul sold as surely as any contract with the devil. He laid his head on Michael's
  chest, pulling back his hair to expose his throat. &quot;I'm yours.&quot; 
 *Azrael! *   Michael couldn't help himself;
  the absolute surrender drove him forward, his arms tightening as his teeth
  broke through and blood, sweet hot life, flowed into him. 
 *Again, tell that boy he is playing with fire. *   Azrael's
  mental laughter echoed in Michael's head as he felt control return. *You
  must tell me what it is you did to bring him to this point so soon. *  
 *Nothing a simple kindness to a dying sib. *  He
  shuddered as the wounds closed. *Thank you. *  
 *I am aware of your state. I will keep an ear out for now.
        Once you have reclaimed mastery of your hunger, I will back away, but
        for now, as long as this child you have taken for a pet continues to
        throw himself at you, I had best be ready to intervene, unless, of course,
        you decide, to try a, new, pet. *  
 *Be ever vigilant, Azrael. I have no desire to replace him.
        *   He felt his masters presence fade. &quot;You must
        be careful, pet. It has been a long time since I dealt with humans. You
        continue to show me your throat like that, I am afraid I might take your
        life quite by accident.&quot; 
 &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; No, he didn't want to die. He would have to learn
  how to behave around this one. &quot;I only wanted to show you . . .&quot; 
 &quot;I know, Jason, I know how much it meant to you to say it. Never doubt
  that. I accept your offer. Now, you were in the process of showing me how grateful
  you were.&quot; 
 Jason laughed, bending to kiss his new lover. He couldn't see him as an
  owner. It hurt so much that way, but, as, a lover, protector, and yes. He knew
  that he needed to come to terms with the reality of the permanence of his ownership,
  but not right now. It was enough that he knew it, and acknowledged it, without
  having to think about it. 
 Michael closed his eyes, shuddering in ecstasy. For over thirty years he
  had lived without a lover, mortal or Kin. The whole glorious brightness of
  the situation heated his soul. He would make this boy love him. And after him,
  two, maybe three others. And unlike Azrael, he would make certain that they
  never went without the fullness of his attentions. 
 * * * 
 Jason cried afterwards as the manacle locked around his wrist. For a few
  moments he had forgotten what belonging here meant. But now, the cold iron
  around his wrist drove home the reality. &quot;Please.&quot; He clutched at
  Michael's arm. &quot;Don't you believe me?&quot; 
 Michael batted away his hands. &quot;Ssshh, hush this silliness. It is too
  soon. What you mean now and believe, might change as you lay here. So, for
  now, we play by the rules of this game. Later will come soon enough.&quot; 
 &quot;You're leaving now aren't you?&quot; Fighting was useless. &quot;Please,
  Michael, stay a little longer. Please, I--I'm afraid of this place.&quot; 
 &quot;There is no one here who will harm you. You are safe. Now sleep. I
  will be with you as soon as dark descends. Food will be sent. You won't starve.
  I'll release you soon, and then, if you are good, I'll take you to dinner.&quot; He
  smiled waiting for the obvious question. 
 &quot;But I thought you didn't.&quot; Dinner, going to dinner with a vampire.
  It was almost as weird as snake shoes. 
 &quot;I don't. Oh, I can still consume food, but it only sits there until
  I rid myself of it. But I still enjoy the taste, the flavor. An all-liquid
  diet can be limiting, even if it is as sweet as your blood. Now sleep. I must
  go attend to a few things.&quot; 
 &quot;What happens now?&quot; Jason watched him dress. &quot;I mean, I know
  I'll be here, or wherever, but what happens?&quot; 
 &quot;I fatten you up, and you become my lover, of course. We will paint
  the night red,&quot; he chuckled as Jason rolled his eyes. &quot;So to speak.
  It has been over three decades since I was a part of the evening life around
  me. We will explore it together. Trust me, by the time I send you to bed at
  dawn, you'll be ready to sleep. The chains will only be a minor nuisance.&quot; 
 &quot;So I get a vampire for a sugar daddy.&quot; This was just too much. &quot;Who
  would have ever guessed?&quot; 
 Michael leaned over him. &quot;You are incorrigible. Kiss me good night
  and get some rest. Tomorrow is the start of a new life for you, and I want
  you to rested for it.&quot; 
CHAPTER 4 
 Nicole scampered to her feet as the door opened. She had begun to believe
  that he was going to spare her. But here he was, and it was only three. He
  had about four hours before the day would force him to sleep. 
 He chuckled at her thoughts. &quot;I hope you didn't think that I had forgotten
  you. Why, Nikki, would I do that to you? Leave you to Azrael's displeasure?&quot; 
 &quot;I'm sorry, really I am. I didn't know who you were. I didn't connect
  what Maria had said to you. I didn't mean you any harm.&quot; 
 &quot;I know, I approve of your quickness to protect Azrael's chamber and
  home. No, I am not upset with you.&quot; He stroked her cheek, &quot;but unless
  I make at least a token gesture of discipline, my Sire will feel it necessary
  to deal with you.&quot; 
 She lowered her head. When would she learn? She was faithful to Azrael.
  He knew she was. She'd never hurt or betray him. But her rashness got her into
  more trouble than anyone her size should be able to get into. &quot;If you
  follow me I will take you to the dungeon.&quot; A room Azrael had outfitted
  to punish them for their failure. 
 &quot;No.&quot; He bent nibbling at her ear. &quot;Your room, sweet. I need
  nothing to deal with you. Believe me, you will be handled well.&quot; 
 The house was quiet as she led him down the hall. Jenna and Valerie were
  out. Maria was with Azrael, damn her luck. So, alone, in a silent house, she
  led this one, her master's first, to her room. She was fully aware that, if
  he failed to deal with her to her master's satisfaction, she would see the
  dungeon yet. Was that how it was to be? Megel playing with her, but not sufficiently
  to satisfy her master? Was she to be punished twice this time? That would be
  her luck. She had to learn not to jump at everything. 
 &quot;This is my room.&quot; She opened the door, stepping back to let him
  enter. 
 It was decorated in dark, woods, green, and burgundy. Good colors for her.
  Michael looked around. No, Azrael did not short his pets, from the stereo entertainment
  system to the computer and library. Everything that modern technology could
  offer to make a room comfortable. 
 Nicole dimmed the lights. &quot;I know how light sensitive you must be,&quot; was
  her only explanation. 
 &quot;I see Azrael has spared no expense.&quot; 
 &quot;No, he is generous to us. I have no complaints.&quot; She stood looking
  at the floor, unsure what to do. 
 &quot;Yes. I, too, was spoiled unbelievably when I belonged to him.&quot; He
  sat on the bed. &quot;Go on, Nikki, prepare yourself for bed.&quot; 
 She moved to her dresser. &quot;Do you wish me to dress for bed?&quot; He
  nodded &quot;What color would you prefer?&quot; 
 &quot;Black, I think.&quot; He watched as she began to disrobe. Yes, his
  old master had it made. Four, he couldn't believe it, 'four'   sweet
  pets all at his beck and call. His eyes gleamed as the black silk chemise slid
  over her white skin. Soon he would feel that flawless flesh. But first, how
  was he to punish her? &quot;Do you have a belt, Nicole?&quot; 
 Her green eyes flashed with fear. &quot;Yes.&quot; Would he beat her with
  her own belt? 
 &quot;A thin one, pet?&quot; He drank in her fear. It was sweet. She knew
  what could happen, and she stood there. He admired her bravery. &quot;Fetch
  me a thin belt and remove your panties.&quot; She moved slowly, hating each
  step as she pulled a thin black belt from a drawer. &quot;Bring it to me.&quot; 
 &quot;Please.&quot; She handed him the belt. &quot;Don't hurt me.&quot; 
 &quot;Your panties, Nicole. Give them to me.&quot; 
 The thin cotton briefs slipped down her legs. She trembled so badly that
  she dropped them. She did not know this one, knew nothing of his intent. Perhaps
  she should have begged for Azrael to deal with her. At least with him she knew
  what would happen. His hand caught hers as she handed them to her. &quot;Come
  closer, lay on the bed.&quot; 
 She lay face down, readying herself for the beating that she knew was coming.
  Would he cut her? The belt was so thin. &quot;No, Nicole, on your back.&quot; 
 Her eyes widened. The tears that she had fought down for the last few hours
  brimmed. &quot;Please, Megel, don't.&quot; She rolled over. 
 &quot;Hush, Nicole.&quot; He parted her legs. &quot;Open yourself for me,
  lift your gown past your breasts. Let me see you.&quot; 
 She cried as she obeyed and closed her eyes to his gaze, preparing herself
  for whatever torments he had planned. 
 &quot;When I was younger,&quot; his voice was a soft whisper, &quot;I, too,
  acted without thought. There were times I was sure I would either die or I
  would drive Azrael mad. So I am not surprised to see him with another. It is
  a challenge to break such a wild spirit.&quot; 
 He lay, by her, looking down. &quot;Take your hands, pet, open yourself
  to me, let me see you.&quot; He turned her panties inside out, letting the
  crotch cover his fingers. &quot;Before I begin, tell me; where might I find
  a scarf?&quot; 
 &quot;In the same drawer I keep my belts.&quot; She lay there, legs parted.
  Chemise hiked up to her chin, fingers exposing her private self. A scarf, would
  he blindfold her, tie her up? It wouldn't be so bad if she knew what was happening.
  But she had no clue. 
 Michael stood over her, a long silver scarf in hand. He couldn't decide
  where to look first. The face, that was so fair, and so much in fearful pain?
  His gaze traveled down her smooth neck, caressing the curves of her creamy
  shoulders. Along her arms, watching as her trembling fingers strove to keep
  her open to his gaze. Oh, the things she could do with them. 
 Her breasts, then, firm rounded mouthfuls that needed no support. The curves
  of her chest, her tight abdomen, and no flaw anywhere just smooth, firm flesh. 
 The perfection of her sex, soft red curls crowning delicate pink flesh.
  Lovely, rounded hips, and a sweet bottom that lay hidden from him, but that
  he knew would fit well into his hands. 
 &quot;Now, lift your hips, open yourself fully to me.&quot; He laid the
  crotch of her panties over, her, open gaping sex. &quot;Tell me if I hurt you.
  I want to know how much pressure causes pain.&quot; He began to stroke her
  through the cotton, rubbing the material against her moist flesh. The touch
  started light and grew in force and exploration, thrusting his panty-clad fingers
  deep inside her, listening to her soft moans as the pressure grew. 
 &quot;Master, please.&quot; He crushed the tender, sensitive flesh against
  her pelvic bone. Waves of agony coursed through her body. 
 &quot;So, now it is painful. Good. I won't hurt you severely. I know where
  the level is and can alter.&quot; He pressed down a little more, listening
  to her agonized cry. He pulled back his strength, just a little, as he continued
  to molest her. &quot;Do you know why I am giving you this?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; Her hips rose against Michael's fingers, gyrating slightly. 
 &quot;So that you will fully appreciate it when I whip your sex. I want
  you to feel it to the fullest.&quot; 
 She knew begging wouldn't help. Just as she knew no matter how afraid she
  was or how much she wanted not to let him have his desire, it would happen.
  Her body would respond to his caresses, even as her mind screamed 'No'  .
  Even now, she could feel the pressure building as her juices flowed, wetting
  the cotton of her panties that rubbed against her. 
 Michael watched as she opened beneath his hand. Slowly, against her will,
  fighting it each step of the way, she went. Her cries were victories, for each
  was well fought for. The tremors in her body as the pleasure grew to release
  were hard earned, for she struggled with every ounce of her will not to give
  in. He bent to kiss her. &quot;Is my touch pleasing, Nicole? Why struggle so?
  The sooner you give in to the inevitable, the sooner it is over.&quot; She
  moaned softly against his lips. 
 &quot;Please, Master.&quot; She shyly reached to touch his face. &quot;I'm
  sorry, please.&quot; She wanted to beg. To plead, for mercy, but her body stole
  control as again he brought her to release. &quot;Oh--oh--yes.&quot; 
 &quot;You are lovely.&quot; His mouth brushed one breast, then the other. &quot;Your
  passion is sweet. I will enjoy giving you what you desire, but first let me
  take care of your discipline.&quot; His hand pulled away, drying her sex with
  the cotton of her panties. &quot;Open your mouth, Nicole. I will gag you now.&quot; 
 She choked as the sopping material was forced into her mouth. 'No,
      oh no, please'  . He couldn't mean to do this to her. But as
      he tied the gag in place with the scarf, she realized that yes. He would
      do this. Nothing Azrael had ever done had prepared her for this. 
 &quot;Suck, Nicole, taste yourself. See how sweet you are.&quot; His voice
  was soft, commanding. Tears flowed down the sides of her face as she obeyed. &quot;I'm
  going to whip you now. Only, ten, to fall on each breast and twenty on your
  opened sex. Be quiet, and I will end it there, but if you cry out or make a
  sound, I will double it.&quot; He pulled the black silk of her chemise over
  her face. &quot;Remember, I have sharp ears, so you need to show a great deal
  of control.&quot; He lifted the belt. &quot;Spread your lips wider for me.
  I don't want to miss.&quot; 
 Her whole body jumped with the first blow, the tongue of the belt landing
  squarely on her swollen pleasure point. There was no way she could take twenty,
  not and remain silent. But she knew the cost of failure. Her teeth clamped
  down of the material in her mouth in an effort to remain silent, body twitching
  as the blows fell fast and hard. Never, again, unless she knew for fact that
  it was an intruder, never again would she threaten one of the Vampyr. 
 &quot;I am pleased with you, Nicole. See, you do know control if you only
  try.&quot; He lowered his mouth to tease her aching sex. She hurt so badly.
  Azrael had never hit her like this. There were no words to describe the pain.
  But as the cool lips touched her, tongue stroking the sensitive flesh, feelings
  so intense it took almost superhuman strength not to scream, flooded her groin,
  flowing out in a single rolling wave of heat to encompass her whole body. 
 Michael felt her give in, as muscles spasmed and her fingers tangled themselves
  in his hair, holding him there as she rode the wave out. He wanted her now,
  so badly. He would have to finish with her punishment quickly. He had to have
  her. 
 &quot;Now, let's finish this.&quot; He cupped her right breast. &quot;Soon.
  I feel your want. I burn, too. But let us finish with the necessities.&quot; 
 Bad enough that he would whip her, but did he have to entice her first?
  Her nipple hardened under his gentle caress. Warmth and a strange feeling of
  joy coursed through her body. He would hurt her yes. She knew that. But afterwards,
  the promise--she needed this. It had been over two months since Azrael had
  done anything more than hold her as she drank from him 
 A pang of guilt; how could she want another? Her master was good to her.
  When he held her, there was no description of how much she loved him. But even
  though she ached with need for him, her body burned as a traitor to the manipulations
  of another. Tears welled in her eyes. Would he see this as a betrayal? She
  loved him, but was her love as strong as she though, how could he be her world
  if another made her mad with lust, too? 
 Suddenly, Azrael's presence surrounded her. She could feel his gentle amusement,
  his love. *I do not doubt your devotion, pretty one. *  
 *Master! *   Her mind cried to him. He was listening
  in; he knew what she was going through. 
 *Of course I am listening in. Do you think I would let, him,
        or anyone, take one of mine and not keep tabs on the situation? Rest,
        relax, and enjoy yourself precious. Megel is one of my, blood, he is
        as much a part of my life as you are. Share his life with me, as I share
        yours with him. *   His presence intensified for a moment,
        giving her the feeling of his arms around her, hugging her with carefully
        guarded strength, before fading. 
 &quot;Is my Sire content that you are well?&quot; She nodded not surprised
  at all that he knew. &quot;Very well, we begin.&quot; And again the blows so,
  hard, that the stinging burned. Her mind went numb, arms locked between her
  legs, nails biting into her tender flesh as she fought the urge to scream.
  He had not hit her so hard before. He was pushing her, to see how much she
  could take, but would she fail? If it went on much longer, she would. 
 It ended as it became too much. The last blow fell with Nicole thanking
  God, for if he had hit her again she would have screamed. 
 There was no reprieve or rest. He pinched her left nipple, feeling the flesh
  tighten under his hand. Again, the blows, she had done well so far. He had
  really been expecting to have to keep his promise and double the whipping.
  But she had surprised him and took it well. &quot;No more.&quot; He kissed
  one breast, then the other, rubbing gently. &quot;Let me un-gag you. I return
  your voice, cry if you need to.&quot; The gown was pulled down as he reached
  for the scarf. She spat the material into his hand, glad to have it out of
  her mouth. The sobs came hard as she felt him pulling her closer, letting her
  curl against him and draw strength and comfort. 
 &quot;Go on, let it out, it is over. We will not speak of it again.&quot; 
 She pulled his face to her throat. &quot;Please, Master.&quot; 
 He had fed more today than he had in years, but that did not slow him as
  his fangs broke through the skin and sank into a vein. The ecstasy was absolute.
  With no real hunger to drive him, he was able to lose himself in the glory
  of the power. 
 *Enough, Megel, *   Azrael's mind was soft on
  his. *I have let you gorge yourself enough. This is the fifth
  time you have fed today. *  
 *Fourth, *  his mind reached in response as
  he licked the wounds closed. *The first does not count. It never
  did more than keep me alive. It never fed the power or the heat, it couldn't.
  Besides they keep offering themselves to me. Tell me, if you dare, that you
  too don't take advantage of the situation to bathe your soul in the excess.
  *  
 *Very well, but no more for a few days. You are going to bleed
        my girls dry. You need to see about finding one or two more, three, actually,
        since you are becoming such a glutton. It should be no hardship since
        that one you have now has proven to be the world's easiest conquest.
        I must say, Megel, I am impressed. *  
 Azrael's pleasure was all around him. He straightened his spine under it. *Even
        now, as he tries to sleep, he thinks of you. He is yours completely,
        no doubt. *  
 *Beginner's luck, *   he pulled away from Nicole,
  regretting the need. He would have to hunt once more. Find a place where one
  mangled body would only be news for a short time. If he didn't put his dark
  side totally down again, he would end up harming either Jason, or one of Azrael's
  pets. 
 *Be careful, *   was Azrael's only warning. 
 *I will. I won't make that mistake. I have no intention of
        getting on your bad side. Wars among our kind have been started for less.
        *  
 *Enjoy yourself, Childe. I will see you when the sun sets.
        *  
 He came back to himself with Nicole in his arms. She was warm and obviously
  pleased to be there. &quot;Careful there, love,&quot; he chuckled as she bit
  at this throat. &quot;I don't think Azrael would approve of my becoming your
  master full time.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh, pooh,&quot; she kissed him. &quot;As if I could bite you hard
  enough to draw blood. I tried to kill Azrael once, when I first came here,
  and could not even scratch him.&quot; 
 &quot;You tried to kill Azrael?&quot; He pulled away so that he could look
  down at her. &quot;And you lived?&quot; 
 &quot;Well, of course I lived, my master wouldn't kill me. I was angry about
  Jenna.&quot; She blushed. &quot;I used to have a jealous streak in me. Maria
  was his first, and Jenna the new one. I felt left out and hurt. After he finished
  with me, I was quiet about Valerie.&quot; 
 &quot;My, but you are the little spitfire, aren't you?&quot; Jealous, she
  had been jealous. It was amusing. Who would have ever thought a mortal would
  be possessive of one of his kind? 
 Nicole leaned forward into his chest. &quot;So, is my punishment over, or
  is this part of it, too?&quot; 
 He looked down at her a slight frown of his face. &quot;What do you mean?
  And quit shielding yourself from me.&quot; 
 A minx smile flashed across her face. &quot;Are you going to throw me on
  the bed and ravish me or not?&quot; Her mind opened freely, and her, desire
  washed over him like a tidal wave. 
 Put like that, how could he refuse? &quot;You are going to pay,&quot; he
  laughed, moving quickly to pin her to the bed, hands pulling at his clothes,
  trying to remove the confining garments. 
 He entered her with no warning, but she was ready, her scream of fulfillment
  echoed through the room as she gave herself to the desire that had been building
  in her. 
 * * * 
 The room was dark as he appeared, but Michael could see clearly as he looked
  in on Jason. It was late. Soon he would have to retire to his bed. But the
  boy's misery clouded his mind. &quot;Jay?&quot; 
 The figure on the bed jumped at the noise. &quot;Michael?&quot; There was
  fear there, clear and defined. 
 &quot;Who else would it be? Why are you not asleep? Lying here worrying
  about things you have no control over is foolish. You need your rest.&quot; He
  moved to sit on the bed. &quot;It's almost dawn, pet, time to put your concerns
  to rest until night.&quot; 
 The chain rattled as Jason sat up. &quot;I can't sleep.&quot; The soul-shattering
  pain that was in his voice was enough to bring tears to Michael's eyes. &quot;What
  have you done to me? I can't stop thinking about you.&quot; He shuddered. &quot;I'm
  not gay. I let guys fuck me, it was for the money, but why can't I see you
  like that? Why do I want you so much?&quot; 
 &quot;You want me?&quot; The small smile and nod were true. He wasn't just
  posing. The thought that already the boy wanted him, without his coercion or
  insistence. 
 &quot;Want you?&quot; Jason almost cried. &quot;I keep thinking about it,
  how it was, what happened. What tomorrow is going to be like? It runs around
  in my head.&quot; His words were accusing, as if he believed Michael had done
  this, planted the feelings in him. The thought was too close to the truth for
  Michael's comfort. He had to calm him. 
 &quot;Come here.&quot; Michael held out a hand, letting his new pet seek
  refuge in his embrace. &quot;I didn't know you would feel this way so soon.
  I knew that I had to drive home the reality, but your total acceptance was
  unforeseen. Does your wanting me bring you pain? Is it not better that, if
  you must belong to me, that you want it?&quot; 
 &quot;But I'm not a faggot, don't you see, you've made me into some sick
  queer who wants to. . . ..&quot; He hid his face in Michael's shirt. &quot;I
  never liked it before. Why me? What is it about me?&quot; 
 Michael stroked the boy's hair. It didn't matter how bone-weary he was.
  He would not leave him like this. &quot;First, pet,&quot; he soothed, &quot;you
  are not sick. There is nothing wrong or perverted about what we shared. It
  was beautiful. And to be truthful, I don't know if you will ever respond with
  desire to any male who is not a vampire, or at least not without my influence.&quot; It
  was a lie, the boy was quite 'gay'  . But it was a lie
  that would stand for now. &quot;It is our nature, and you are caught up in
  it. Second, I chose you because had I not. You probably would not have lived
  much longer. Remember that death is in our nature, and we can feel it as it
  nears. The first gentle brushes of its presence touched you. Boys like you
  die out in the street every day. Think about it. If you had died, who would
  care for your sister? Do you hate life so much that you would rather lose it
  than be here with me?&quot; He cupped his chin. &quot;If you seek death, pet,
  tell me. I need to know this so that I can steel myself against it until the
  urge passes.&quot; He wiped the tears away. &quot;I do not want to hurt you,
  Jason, so let there be honesty between us.&quot; 
 Blue eyes full of confused pain stared up at him as Jason shook his head. &quot;No,
  I don't wanna die.&quot; 
 &quot;I am glad. You have given yourself to me, and I wish to keep you.
  Now what do you need? What is it that I have failed to say or give that will
  ease your pain?&quot; 
 &quot;You can't.&quot; That was the worst thing. He knew that for all that
  his new master was or did that there was nothing he could do to make this any
  easier. &quot;I - I know you're being nice. I've been thinking and I can understand
  why you have to do this. Can't have bloodless corpses showing up all over the
  place. You've even been real nice about it, so it's up to me. I have to come
  to terms with how I feel.&quot; His voice a whisper, &quot;Michael, I - I understand
  why, but what if I freak? I'm so messed up inside right now. You gonna kill
  me if I lose it?&quot; 
 &quot;'Kill you?'&quot; Michael's voice was soft and gentle. &quot;Jason,
  I will do anything in my power not to kill you. I understand that the beginning
  is never easy. I will be patient. As long as you try to overcome this, I will
  show you kindness. If I have to punish you, I will be merciful. But you must
  always be open with me, never close your mind or be afraid to talk to me. We
  will work through this together. You and I, along with any other I take. I
  promise you.&quot; He hugged him tighter. &quot;Now you must sleep. I can't
  stay any longer. The sun is up, and I am fast going down. So it is time to
  put your fears aside. Lay down Jason, let me help you.&quot; 
 &quot;What?&quot; 
 &quot;Go to sleep.&quot; Again his will flowed over him, overpowering his
  little lost one. &quot;You will rest until I come for you. Sleep precious,
  sleep.&quot; 
 It was like someone had switched the boy off. One moment he lay there full
  of questions, the next, his breathing was soft, his face fully relaxed for
  the first time this night as he slept. &quot;Poor love, wait, we'll make everything
  right. Even if I have to dominate you and force the change myself.&quot; He
  was a little surprised as he bent to kiss him good night to feel a response.
  But it pleased him. &quot;See you in a few Jay. Pleasant dreams.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Azrael looked up as he became aware of both Jenna's and Valerie's return. &quot;It
  would seem that all in my home are now in it in truth.&quot; He smiled down
  at Maria, who lay curled up against him. 
 She nodded. She had been noticing that Jenna and Valerie, were, spending
  more and more time together. &quot;They were out, on a date.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, I had assumed that was where they had gone. Do you mind, precious,
  if I call Nicole to us, or should we ask them to go and keep her company? She
  has been punished this night, and is alone.&quot; 
 Maria looked thoughtful. &quot;Let Jenna and Val take care of her. I kind
  of like having you all to myself. I don't get this chance often, anymore.&quot; 
 Azrael chuckled, kissing her. &quot;Greedy thing, that is what you are.&quot; But
  though he fussed at her, it pleased him that she wished to be with him like
  this, that after over fifty years she still longed to be exactly where she
  was. 
 She cuddled up closer to him as he reached out for Jenna. *Darling.
        *  
 *Az. *   her response was immediate. 
 *Nikki is alone tonight, and I have had her punished. Could
        you and Valerie, see it in your heart to go to her? Maria is, with me
        and I am feeling, particularly, greedy tonight. *  
 *Of course, that was all Val and I had planned on doing tonight
        anyway. Sure, she can join us if she wants to. *  
 *Then I leave it in your hands dear. See that she is taken
        care of. *   And with that seen to, he could now return
        to the woman in his bed. 
 * * * 
 Nicole looked up as her door opened. &quot;Hi.&quot; Jenna followed by Valerie
  slipped in. &quot;Az said you were spending the night alone. Want some company?&quot; 
 Nicole smiled at both of them, gratitude in her eyes. &quot;Yes, oh, hell,
  yes. I thought I was going to be forced to sleep alone tonight, what with Maria
  sleeping with Azrael.&quot; 
 Valerie began to pull Jenna's clothes from her. &quot;Nah, we would have
  stopped by, even if Azrael hadn't asked, just to make sure you weren't alone.&quot; 
 Nicole moved from the bed, reaching to help Valerie with Jenna's garments. &quot;You
  guys spoil me.&quot; 
 They both laughed. &quot;Well in a house where we out number him four to
  one, we sort of have to look out for each other.&quot; Jenna pulled her close. &quot;Azrael
  told me you got punished again, what for this time? And if he punished you,
  why didn't he see to you?&quot; 
 Nicole sighed as familiar hands touched her in ways she had once never believed
  possible before she came here. &quot;He didn't. Megel, his First-Born, he is
  here now. I did a stupid thing, I forgot that Maria had told me he had come
  home, so when I saw Megel, I used the charm against him. Thank God it didn't
  work, or our master would have been a whole lot more upset with me than he
  was. It was Megel who punished me. Azrael has been with Maria all night.&quot; 
 Valerie made a tisking noise in the back of her throat as she pushed them
  both, back, towards the bed. &quot;High strung as ever.&quot; 
 Nicole tensed just slightly as Jenna's fingers parted her sex, reaching
  to arouse her. &quot;What is it, honey?&quot; 
 Nicole sighed, as the pain she had feared didn't come. &quot;Nothing, he
  just whipped me and I was worried that I might still be sore.&quot; 
 &quot;All better now, right?&quot; 
 She nodded, welcoming her friends, sister, and lovers into her arms. 
 Valerie, who had always noticed how easily fair skin was marred, and in
  her discovery was ever glad of her dark skin, touched Nikki's left nipple lightly,
  cautious of the bruising there. This Megel had whipped her, but, good. She
  was glad that Azrael had never seen reason to do that to any of them. She lowered
  her mouth to take the place of her hand as she reminded her friend of some
  of the more pleasant things that could be done to her. 
 Nicole sighed as both her lovers attacked her body with the intent to bring
  joy, and nothing else, proving that they loved her in a way that transcended
  verbal speech. Without words, they began to love each other, lying on their
  sides, forming a circle of heated and pleasured flesh. 
 Nikki moaned as Valerie began her play, even as she began the delightful
  torture that she had planed for Jenna, and Jenna, moaning, moved to tease Val.
  Each was intent on giving more than they received, and in doing so, received
  far more than they thought they ever could. 
CHAPTER 5 
 Consciousness came slowly. It felt different; waking was no longer a dreaded
  thing. He felt more like his old self than he had in a long time. Just the
  thought of that sweet boy who slept nearby and the promise of others, made
  him want to shout his joy from the rooftops. He would have to take his new
  one out tonight and pamper him. New clothes, a good dinner, perhaps a show,
  then maybe a nightclub where they could dance and he could woo Jason with shameless
  abandon. 
 *So you are awake, finally, and unbelievably full of yourself.
        *   Azrael commented. The amusement in the older vampire's
        thoughts brought a chuckle from Michael. 
 *And hello to you too. Yes, I'm awake. I'll be down soon. I
        must go and wake my pet. I have such a night planned. It will be good
        to actually live again. *  
 *Bring him by before you leave. I did not get a chance to really
        meet him. I will have Valerie bring a light meal for him to the den.
        He is going to be starving. *  
 *Thank you. *   He rose and stretched. The blood
  he had consumed the previous night was still potent. He felt the life within
  him glowing. A shower, then it would be time to care for his little friend. 
 * * * 
 Jason sat up blinking as the light came on. 
 &quot;Up, boy,&quot; Michael commanded, bouncing into the room. &quot;Come,
  you must be famished. I am so sorry I forgot to order you food, as I promised.
  I'll be more careful in the future. Quick shower and shave, and I'll have you
  fed. Azrael has asked one of his to fix you something.&quot; He tossed a pair
  of jeans and a T-shirt on the bed. &quot;Come on, blue eyes, time to get cleaned
  up.&quot; He stopped the patter when he saw Jason's awed, surprised stare. &quot;What
  is wrong?&quot; 
 &quot;It was all real,&quot; the boy said. &quot;It wasn't some weird dream
  or fantasy.&quot; He showed honest surprise. &quot;You're a vampire, and I'm
  here with you.&quot; 
 Michael threw his head back and laughed. &quot;Yes, pretty one, I'm real
  and you are here, now hop.&quot; He held out a toothbrush and toothpaste. &quot;Hurry,
  go bathe. I must not only get you fed, but you must feed from me.&quot; 
 Jason rose to head for the bath, when the clank of his chain reminded him. &quot;Can
  I be free, now?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh,&quot; Michael pulled out the key. &quot;I'm sorry, Jason. Now
  quick, we have a long night.&quot; 
 But instead of hurrying, Jason reached out to touch his arm. &quot;Good
  morning,&quot; he blushed, &quot;Master.&quot; 
 Michael brushed his lips against Jason's &quot;Good evening, love, now go.
  I'm anxious to be off.&quot; 
 Jason moved in a daze. He had been ready to accept anything his master came
  up with, but the free, friendly greeting wasn't what he had envisioned. It
  was as if Michael had rewritten the 
script. He was a 'vampire'  , for Gods sake. He should
  be dark and mysterious, with a heavy Eastern European accent. But, no, he behaved,
  for the entire world, like a college student. 
 The water was hot and helped him to focus his thoughts. Sleep had helped
  to brighten his outlook. Okay, so he was really living with a vampire now.
  Maybe he was nothing more than a glorified pet, but he believed Michael, and
  knew he'd live longer and better here, than free anywhere. The very, thought,
  of Michael. And, their relationship created a pleasant tightness in his groin.
  No one had ever made him feel like that before. He smiled. His mind was definitely
  heading for the gutter. 
 &quot;All right,&quot; Michael said, amused, &quot;enough of that, later.
  I swear, is that, all you want me for? Now hurry pet. We won't always be so
  rushed, but I overslept and I don't want to miss a moment of my return to life.&quot; 
 Jason turned off the water. &quot;Me? Let's remember who offered whom five
  hundred bucks.&quot; The shower curtain parted. &quot;For future reference.&quot; He
  accepted the towel. &quot;If you do that again, not so much. I was desperate.
  I'd have gladly taken a hundred dollars and let you do anything.&quot; 
 &quot;And I would have offered more if I had had to.&quot; Michael thought
  about it. &quot;But perhaps you are right. Too much makes people suspicious.
  I saw it in your eyes.&quot; 
 &quot;Yeah well,&quot; he mumbled around the toothbrush. &quot;You learn
  the hard way fast, the more money, the more they expect. When you're used to
  getting thirty to fifty dollars a trick--&quot; he spat out the foam &quot;--you
  see what I mean.&quot; 
 &quot;I do. What decided it for you?&quot; Michael enjoyed the view as Jason
  walked around naked. 
 &quot;I don't know, really. Maybe it was because I really needed the money,
  and you looked so concerned.&quot; He smiled and shyly reached for Michael. &quot;And
  you were clean. So many of them aren't, you know.&quot; 
 &quot;So you said 'Yes'   because I bathe regularly.&quot; Michael's
  laughter felt freer than it had in years. &quot;My, but you have such a small
  list of requirements.&quot; 
 &quot;No, that just decided it. The money was the key. Between the insurance
  and Mom and Dad's Social Security, Jenny's medical bills are covered and she'll
  get all the care she needs. But rent, food, and nurses, for when I'm not there,
  add up. That takes money. We don't have much, and our place isn't large, but
  it's clean and in a good neighborhood. My folds didn't have life insurance,
  stupid of them, I know. But they were planning to go in a crash either. So,
  money like what I needed to keep her up I can't get even if I worked two jobs
  at my age. So I did the only thing I could; I made it the quickest way I knew
  that didn't involve drugs.&quot; 
 &quot;Does your sister know?&quot; Michael held out the jeans. They, were,
  an old pair of Azrael's--a gift--that had been too large, besides, denim was
  beneath him.0 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; Jason pulled on the pants. &quot;It didn't take long for
  her to figure it out. But what could we do? She's my baby sister.&quot; 
 &quot;How are you going to explain where the money is coming from now?&quot; 
 Jason stopped shirt halfway on. &quot;I'll tell her as much of the truth
  as I can. I got myself a rich boyfriend. She thinks I'm gay anyway, because
  of what I let men do to me.&quot; 
 &quot;Boyfriend?&quot; It was so quaint; he was being passed off as this
  child's 'boyfriend'  . &quot;I personally prefer the word
  lover. I'm over eleven hundred years old. 'Boyfriend' is a term that really
  doesn't apply to me.&quot; 
 &quot;She's sixteen; you say lover and she's gonna think boyfriend.&quot; He
  dropped and groped for his socks and boots. 
 &quot;What happened?&quot; 
 Jason paused. That wasn't a question about Jenny. &quot;Excuse me?&quot; 
 &quot;You have changed. You aren't terrified anymore.&quot; 
 Jason shrugged. &quot;I'm a realist. I can't stop you; you've proven that.
  If I tried to run away or tell anyone, that is, if I could find anyone who
  would believe me, I'd probably be toast. You can read my mind. I started this
  so I could take care of my sister, and that's what I'm doing. Believe it or
  not, but the thought that you plan to use me as dinner is not near as scary
  as some of the things those guys did to me.&quot; He lifted his chin to lock
  stares with Michael. &quot;I don't know about the hundred and fifty years or
  any of that. But I did feel something when you bit me, and then when I--you
  know, when you cut yourself--that was the most bizarre thing I ever felt in
  my life. So here I am.&quot; He didn't flinch when Michael pulled him close. &quot;I
  gave my word. I'm yours, so I might as well come to grips with it.&quot; 
 &quot;I'm glad.&quot; Michael gave him a light kiss. &quot;Although I do
  hope that you decide later that there is more to your willingness than just
  your sister.&quot; It was too soon for true devotion or love. &quot;Now come,
  you have to be starving.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Jason looked around him as they walked down the hall. He'd been too scared
  to see things clearly last night. The hallway was half-paneled in dark wood,
  with pictures that looked genuine and valuable. There were assorted knickknacks
  on wood tables or small stands. Nothing overly showy, but you could tell that
  the house's owner had money 'and'   taste. &quot;Nice
  place.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, Azrael is so fussy about the decorations. I'm not so picky. You'll
  have to change your living space to suit you, when we go home. Me I'm content
  with a bed in a dark room, and a big screen TV with an overstuffed chair in
  front of it. The rest does not touch me much.&quot; 
 Jason shook his head. He should have known. He would wager money that if
  he tried to hang a picture, his new master would hyperventilate over the hole
  in the wall where the nail went in. 
 Michael picked up that thought, and chuckled, to himself. 
 They entered the den, and Jason almost laughed. Azrael looked like a vampire
  poster. 
 &quot;Good evening,&quot; the older vampire greeted. He sat on the couch,
  with a young black woman curled up against him on one side, a pale, elfin-looking
  girl on the other, with Maria on his lap and Nicole leaning against his leg.
  A large television was on. &quot;Join us. I have just been catching up on the
  daily news with the girls.&quot; 
 &quot;A sultan in his harem could not look as smug as you do.&quot; 
 &quot;Smug, I? I am not the one who's pet kept my host up all night with
  erotic fantasies. Shield him or move him farther away from my resting-place.
  If you do not, I warn you that you shall end up sharing him.&quot; 
 &quot;As long as you don't end up snatching him, I don't care. He's delightful
  and very giving. You will be as pleased as I am.&quot; He pulled Jason closer. &quot;Pet,
  this is my Sire, the one that gave me the gift. My Sire, Azrael.&quot; 
 &quot;Hello, pet. Jason, correct?&quot; The boy was adorable. 'Too
      bad I did not see him first'  . 
 &quot;Yes sir.&quot; Okay, what do you say to the next up in line? &quot;It's
  good to meet you sir. Your house is really nice.&quot; 
 Azrael chuckled. &quot;Oh, my, Megel, he is a joy. Relax boy. Call me Azrael.
  No need to stand on formality, unless your lord orders it. He is your master,
  not I&quot;. 
 &quot;You are the master of this house and all within it,&quot; Michael
  said, tilting his head to Azrael. &quot;For now, unless it is in the privacy
  of the bedroom, or in the world outside, he must learn the proper way of communicating.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh, dear. Jason, you have me to thank for this. Megel, who you know
  as Michael, was my first. I wanted to do everything right back then. I have
  mellowed in my old age. He will, too, one day, but for now, he is somewhat
  younger than I am when I took my first. When you measure time in experiences
  rather than years, we were about the same age. So for now, he is going to follow
  the formula to the letter, even down to chaining you at night even though it
  is plain that you are completely his. I know it will seem cruel, but really
  he is only going by what he was taught. So, if you must be aggravated with
  someone over it, it really should be me.&quot; 
 &quot;I understand, Master. Don't worry about it. I'll wait.&quot; He looked
  at Michael trying to get him to see how much he accepted this. 
 &quot;I am glad. Now eat, and welcome to my house. Until you leave, treat
  it as if it were your home. Within its walls and grounds, you have all the
  freedom that Megel gives you.&quot; He indicated the women. &quot;This is Maria
  and that is Nicole, I believe you remember them.&quot; He put an arm around
  the elfin woman. &quot;This sweet thing is Jenna and my dark beauty is Valerie.
  They will become your friends.&quot; 
 &quot;Is he going to be one of us?&quot; Jenna asked, smiling at Jason. &quot;Or
  is he off-limits?&quot; 
 Michael pulled Jason close in mock protectiveness. &quot;Get these women
  another man, Azrael, or start pleasing them more often. The boy is mortal and
  I'd like to keep him the way he is, and not worn down to a husk.&quot; 
 &quot;Megel let the boy play. It would be good for him. Or do you plan to
  limit it to just the ones you choose?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, for now, unless you call for him of course. It's a new life,
  let his adapt slowly.&quot; He pushed Jason towards the small table against
  the wall. &quot;Go eat, love. You're safe here, surely you know that by now.&quot; 
 It was Jason who reached to pull him close, and it was Jason's mouth that
  demanded, tongue seeking the erotic play of his. &quot;Know it, Master, I live
  it.&quot; 
 Michael cupped his face gently. &quot;After you feed from me this evening,
  you will see your sister. I will allow you to gather some of your clothes.
  Not many, because we will go shopping tomorrow night. You can put her mind
  to rest. While you eat, I will make a few phone calls to get her moved into
  a nice place closer to here. She will have proper care at all times.&quot; 
 Jason's face lit up like a Christmas tree. &quot;Michael.&quot; His voice
  choked with emotion. How could this man, who held his life the way he did,
  be so kind? He couldn't figure out what he did to get this so soon. 
 &quot;You are yourself,&quot; Michael said kindly. &quot;No matter how hard
  it is for you to live with this, no matter how frightened you are, I was once
  where you are now. I well remember the fear. You are yourself, and you respond
  to me honestly. For this I would grant you anything to see you smile.&quot; 
 'So this is what love feels like'  . Jason held him,
  feeling the strength of Michael's arms around him. He loved this creature.
  How, or why, he couldn't grasp yet. Was it because Michael was the first person
  to really show him an ounce of kindness since his parents died? Was it because
  Michael seemed to understand, or because being owned hurt less if he loved
  his owner? There was so much there, but whether he understood it or not, he
  knew what he felt. &quot;I--&quot; He lifted his eyes raising them to meet
  the dark blue ones of the man who held his heart. &quot;I love you.&quot; 
 Emotions so strong they were painful flooded Michael. The boy loved him.
  A mortal, one of the creatures that had hunted his kind for centuries, loved
  him. He lost all thought and sank his teeth into Jason's neck, trying to feed
  on the love 
 *Megel, NO! *   Words a mental slap that knocked
  him away from Jason and to his knees. He saw red as his sight swam. *Control.
  *  
 &quot;Michael?&quot; Jason stepped towards Michael. What had happened? Had
  he done something? 
 Azrael grabbed him. &quot;Do not move, boy.&quot; He pulled Jason back. &quot;Maria,
  hold him.&quot; 
 &quot;But,&quot; he tried to pull away, fear again. What did he do wrong? &quot;Michael?&quot; His
  voice was pain itself. 
 &quot;Mind me, pet,&quot; Azrael said. &quot;You are in no danger. Your
  master felt your words fully. He will cherish your love, but you are the first
  of your kind to show him this. For more years than you can imagine. I, and
  others of his kind, were the only ones who knew what he was and loved him anyway.
  He could hurt you in his ecstasy. Please step away. Go eat. I will help your
  lord. Trust me, little one. Do not fear so. I give you my word as master here,
  no harm will befall you or your beloved master.&quot; 
 &quot;Go on, blue eyes, I'm fine.&quot; Michael picked himself up off the
  floor. &quot;Thank you, Master.&quot; 
 &quot;None needed. I know what it feels like. I only wish my Sire had been
  there the first time. I killed my first love in the heat of joy. I would never
  wish that on you, my first and most loved.&quot; 
 Jason didn't ask any more questions. Michael's reminder, 'Always
      remember what I am'  , rang in his ears. But he couldn't believe
      Michael would hurt him. He just couldn't. 
 &quot;Azrael.&quot; Maria grabbed a napkin and pressed it against the gash
  in Jason's throat. &quot;Azrael, he's bleeding badly.&quot; 
 'And I didn't even know it'  , Jason realized. 
 The Elder looked. &quot;Oh, you poor thing.&quot; He went to Jason, held
  out a hand. &quot;Come here, pet. Let me help you.&quot; 
 Jason looked at Michael, who nodded and smiled. &quot;Okay,&quot; he half-whispered.
  He trembled as Azrael's cool mouth closed on his neck. The sweet sensations
  that accompanied Michael's feeding filled him briefly as Azrael drank for a
  moment, and then pulled away to lick the wound closed. He couldn't help it;
  he clung to the older man, guilt at what he saw as an unfaithful act to his
  lover paining him. But he had no will. His mouth opened freely under Azrael's.
  He held him, letting him do anything he wished. 
 Reluctantly, Azrael let go. &quot;Guard this one, Megel. Mark him with your
  power. I have a few spare charms. Set one now. There are many of us in this
  town, and now that he has, been, Chosen, he shines like a beacon.&quot; He
  wiped the tears from Jason's face gently. &quot;You will one day be Kin. There
  is no way Megel could deny you the gift eventually. You will be my First-Born's
  First-Born, a fine son. Know this always; as such, should you need help and
  Megel is not there, my domain is yours, my power and protection a right.&quot; 
 Jason's soul fought again. Not to resist horrors to great to imagine, but
  to keep from betraying the one person besides his sister that he loved. &quot;Master?&quot; 
 &quot;Go on, precious, my blue eyed love. Azrael is such a part of me, and
  I of him, you would have to be dead not to feel the pull. There is no shame,
  no betrayal. I love him more than I do life. How could you not?&quot; 
 Nicole took Michael's arm as Azrael held Jason. &quot;He's going to be like
  Jenna,&quot; she whispered. &quot;When Azrael brought her here, and she learned
  to love him, she gave him everything. I love him, we all do. We love him so
  much, but Jenna, if he died tomorrow, or cast us out, she'd die of a broken
  heart long before the wasting began.&quot; Her eyes were soft. &quot;You are
  a kind man. I know this. I've felt you. Jason will do well with you.&quot; 
 Jason lost himself in Azrael's warm and passionate kisses. There was no
  shame, no cheating. He loved Michael, and Michael loved this man as much as,
  if not more, than him. Surrender was more than just his word, now. He had sworn
  to give freely, but compared to his submission now, the vow was a shadow. 
 &quot;Oh, are you going to be a trial.&quot; Azrael murmured to him. &quot;Your
  emotions are so strong. They will beckon Megel to you. I must be doubly vigilant
  till he takes his joy to a higher level and no longer tries to bleed you dry
  twice a night.&quot; 
 Jason went to answer him, when suddenly if felt like every nerve in his
  body was dipped in acid. Azrael's touch became agony. Whimpering, he pulled
  away. 
 Michael didn't need to be told what was happening. The boy needed more of
  his blood, needed it now; he tore at his wrist with his teeth, opening a vein
  as he snatched Jason from Azrael's grasp. &quot;Drink. Hurry pet.&quot; 
 The agony stopped with the first swallow and a rush of pleasure and desire
  so great it was actually a physical blow swept over his as he clutched at his
  master's wrist. He sobbed. Mouth hot on, Michael's flesh teeth biting and gnawing,
  drawing the life from his master. 
 &quot;All right, pet. Draw back, now.&quot; Michael urged Jason to let go. &quot;Wait.&quot; He
  took the knife Maria presented, opened his shirt, and cut a deep gash into
  the flesh above his breast. &quot;Now,&quot; he said, allowing Jason a full
  measure of both peace and pleasure. 
 &quot;All better now, Jay?&quot; He asked, as Jason finished. When the boy
  nodded, he said. &quot;From here on, at first waking, I promise.&quot; 
 &quot;Is it safe to be held by you now?&quot; He didn't want to move just
  yet. 
 &quot;I won't harm you again, Jason. I swear it. No matter how much I want
  you, I will not hurt you, never again.&quot; He knew that he would keep his
  word. He could not betray the complete trust he had been given. It was too
  precious, too sweet. Hunting and wild feedings no longer lured him. He wouldn't
  have to kill again to end the stirrings. His darker side was a peace. True
  possession was his. 
 &quot;I love you.&quot; Jason broke. &quot;God, I love you.&quot; 
 &quot;Are there any more like him at home?&quot; Azrael asked as he dug
  up one of the many charms he still kept on hand. He was honestly amazed. He
  had not thought to see such surrender again so soon. &quot;Here you go, Megel.
  Fix this with your blood and power. It should keep the Rogues and Renegades
  from daring to touch him.&quot; 
 &quot;Only his sister, and the poor thing is dying.&quot; He commented as
  he did as he was bid, and set up a charm for Jason that would place him under
  his protection. It was such a shame too. For if she was anything like her brother.
  She would be a mortal worth possessing. Then the thought struck him. 'Megel,
  you are an idiot'  . &quot;Azrael, I have a thought. Do you think--?
  Could it be possible--?&quot; 
 &quot;Why not? Our blood cures everything, even AIDS.&quot; 
 &quot;Jason?&quot; He tilted the boy's head up, locking the charm around
  his throat. Could he give this? Would the boy accept his offer? 
 &quot;I will take her.&quot; Azrael's voice was soft. &quot;You can not,
  not and be with him, but I will.&quot; 
 &quot;Jason, would you, would it hurt you if we offered your sister this
  life? It would grant her all the time it has given you. I haven't hurt you.
  Nikki, even though I punished her last night, can tell you that I am not brutal.
  Azrael is much the same. Could you accept this, without pain? If you cannot,
  I will not force it.&quot; 
 &quot;She wouldn't die?&quot; The thought of Jenny, living. Of her learning
  to laugh again maybe, find, love. &quot;Who would--would it be Azrael?&quot; His
  fingers locked around the charm at his throat. He could feel the power of the
  charm in his hand. He had been marked, he was protected now, and he knew he
  had nothing to fear, ever again. 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 Jason looked at the Elder vampire and his four women. &quot;Michael, can't
  you take her?&quot; 
 &quot;No, Jason, I can't. I would if I dared, but it wouldn't be right.
  Remember how you felt last night? If there had been another with you, what
  would you have done?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh.&quot; He blushed, knowing full well what would have happened,
  and silently thanking Michael for being conscious of it, too. 
 But there were other considerations. &quot;She won't be hurt, will she?
  Please, Master, she's only sixteen. She's never even had a boyfriend before.
  She's been fighting this tumor for over three years.&quot; 
 &quot;Did I hurt you? Did Azrael when he held you?&quot; 
 Jason shook his head, &quot;No.&quot; 
 &quot;Then know that she is safe.&quot; Michael caressed Jason's cheek. &quot;Experience
  is what counts here. Mine. I didn't harm you. We won't harm her.&quot; 
 &quot;Megel.&quot; Azrael placed a hand on the boy's shoulder. &quot;If
  it will help, you can take her innocence. Surely the lad believes you to be
  incapable of rape.&quot; 
 &quot;Azrael, will you come with us? As sick as the child is, I would rather
  not bring her by the Dark Paths in ignorance.&quot; 
 &quot;I will.&quot; 
 Jason was looking from one to the other. This was working out, much, better
  than he had ever hoped. Of course, Michael would be Jenny's first. He was gentle
  and kind. He would do everything to guarantee that her first was memorable. 
 &quot;Megel, since you are giving me this child, I would like you to have
  Nicole. I do not need more than four. And, since Jason will one day be my Grand-Childe,
  I would give you this.&quot; 
 &quot;Master?&quot; The look of pain of Nicole's face as she threw herself
  at his feet was pitiful. &quot;I'm sorry, I'll be good, 'please'  ,
  don't push me out. I love you. Why, what did I do? I paid for my wrong, I won't
  do it again.&quot; 
 &quot;Nicole.&quot; Azrael dropped to one knee and lifted her face. &quot;I
  can not give you what you need. I am older. I have mellowed much. You need
  a firmness that I simply do not worry about anymore. I felt you with Megel
  and you have not been that wildly free with pleasure in a long time.&quot; He
  brushed away her tears. &quot;Now stop this foolishness. This is for the best,
  and we both know it. Go to him. You are rising in rank. Even though Jason is
  first, he will not be a pet now, but his slave. He us his Chosen. When he becomes
  one of us, then you will be first in Megel's house.&quot; 
 She looked at him, face wet with the tears that ran down her cheeks. &quot;You
  don't want me?&quot; 
 &quot;It is not a matter of wanting you, pet; it is a matter of practicality.
  Think, Megel cannot take the girl. So I must or she dies. That means little
  to one of my kind. Death is a way in our lives. But what about you, you are
  mortal pet, and so is she. Would you doom her to an early grave?&quot; 
 Michael motioned to the breakfast table. &quot;Go and eat, Jason, and don't
  be too upset by all this.&quot; He indicated Azrael and Nicole. &quot;Things
  will be fine.&quot; 
 Jason sat, trying not to feel guilty. He wasn't sure if he was going to
  be able to eat, but one bite of the sandwich convinced him otherwise. 
 &quot;You do not have to do this Azrael.&quot; Michael protested for the
  girl's sake. &quot;I can't take Nicole away. If you get a male or two, the
  ladies won't have to be ignored. You might have to feed a little more often,
  but I don't see how they would see it as a hardship.&quot; 
 He shook his head. &quot;No, this is for the best. Will you take her Megel,
  treat her as well as you have your precious one, there?&quot; 
 &quot;If you are determined to do this, I will. That way I only have to
  train one more.&quot; He smiled at Nicole. &quot;I trust her. She will behave.&quot; 
 &quot;Then feed from her. Grant her your life's flow, and remember that
  she will be like Jason for a month or so. Be prepared to share your blood.
  If I get; a male or two', as you put it, to go with the new one, we will have
  enough bodies in this house to safely feed while we get past the first stages.&quot; 
 &quot;Come here, Nikki.&quot; Yes, he would do this. To have not only a
  slave but a pet as well, opened up such wonderful possibilities. Could he sway
  her like he had Jason? Find out the most important thing she wanted, and help
  her to attain it? 
 &quot;Will you have me?&quot; She was crying softly. &quot;I am not so good
  as you well know.&quot; 
 &quot;I want you. And your fire will not anger me quite the way it does
  Azrael.&quot; He kissed her. &quot;Offer me your throat. Let me make you mine.
  I shall rename you so that your life will start anew.&quot; 
 Her chin lifted. A new name, she would not be allowed even that one reminder
  of her years with Azrael. When Michael's fangs pierced her skin, however, she
  forgot her resentment and sadness. It felt so good. She locked her arms around
  his neck and gave in to it. 
 Azrael looked down at Jason, who was devouring his food. &quot;I am sure
  Megel will see you fed again.&quot; 
 &quot;Thank you,&quot; he said automatically, still thinking about Jenny.
  She would live. It would be hard for her at first. Maybe they'd let him help
  her to learn to accept this. 
 &quot;I have a small request. When Megel takes her maidenhood, will you
  welcome me? It has been a long time since I was with one of my own gender.
  Time I got back into the 'swing'  , as it were.&quot; 
 &quot;If Michael says yes, I'd be happy to.&quot; And he would be, no questions
  asked, he'd love it. &quot;Ya'know, Jenny is going to bust a gasket. She has
  all kinds of book about vampires, just loves them, err, you . . .&quot; He
  floundered as Azrael chuckled. &quot;Anyway, this will be a dream come true.&quot; 
 Nicole clung to Michael as she drank, reveling in the always-fresh vigor
  it gave her. She wanted to throw him on the floor and take him, but she knew
  she would have to wait. 
 It was so confusing. Azrael had turned her out. Even in her desire, it hurt
  so much. Would Michael do the same? Was, she destined to be passed from one
  to another because of her unruly nature? 'I must try harder. I must
  make my love as perfect as Jason's'  . 
 &quot;I will call you Amber, for the glow in your hair.&quot; Michael knew
  she would be touchy for a while. It couldn't be easy to go from one master
  to another in the same night. &quot;After tonight, I will see to it that you
  get as much of my time as Jason does, but I must go now. You will stay in your
  room, for now, until I am certain that your pain is fading.&quot; 
 &quot;Will you chain me, Master?&quot; She cringed at the memory of cold
  iron on her skin. &quot;Please. As Azrael said, I'm high-spirited, but I promise
  not to run. You have my word.&quot; 
 &quot;No, Amber, you won't be chained, but for a while, I will lock your
  door. Not long, but for a short time.&quot; 
 No, chains 'thank God'  . But would she be alone? She
  glanced at Jason. &quot;May I stay with him? Please, Master. Don't make me
  stay alone. I'll be good, please.&quot; 
 He kissed her. &quot;Yes, Jason and you may share a bed. Now go, I have
  to hurry. Tomorrow and from here on, I will take you both out when I go, and
  I will have not only my Chosen, but an adorable pet to show off.&quot; 
CHAPTER 6 
 The drive to Jason's house started quietly. Azrael drove. Michael sat in
  the back of the limousine. Jason pressed against him. He wanted to let the
  boy feel close to him. &quot;Do you know where we are going?&quot; He asked
  his Sire. 
 &quot;Yes, I took the directions from your slave's mind.&quot; He turned
  onto a side street. &quot;Do not take this wrong, Megel, but I think that changing
  Amber's name so soon was a mistake.&quot; 
 &quot;Perhaps, but I felt she needed a new start. If it becomes obvious
  that it pains her greatly, I will retract it.&quot; 
 &quot;Agreed.&quot; 
 &quot;Master.&quot; Jason laid his head on Michael's shoulder. &quot;You 'will'   let
  me tell her, won't you? Let me explain things?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; The honesty in Jason's kisses was heady. &quot;Tell her
  everything you feel she needs to know. I won't take that from you.&quot; 
 Jason leaned forward and faced Michael. He was still so stunned at Michael's
  gift that he was paying for it the only way he knew Michael would like. &quot;I,
  Michael, let me . . . We've got a while before we get there.&quot; His 
hand stroked Michael's crotch. &quot;Please.&quot; 
 Michael looked at the space around him. It would be a bit cramped, but it
  could be dealt with. &quot;It might be a little uncomfortable.&quot; 
 &quot;Not for what I have in mind.&quot; Jason grinned at the lifted eyebrow. &quot;Lay
  back, Megel, let me do you.&quot; 
 &quot;Be free, love, anything your heart desires.&quot; The absolute willingness
  was the greatest aphrodisiac Michael had ever felt. Soft, gentle hands unzipped
  first his pants, then reached for his hardening cock. He moaned softly as warm,
  wet lips took him. 
 Azrael looked back at them through the mirror. &quot;If this child is half
  as loving as her brother, then Jenna will have a soul sister,&quot; he commented,
  pleased with his Childe's good fortune. 
 Jason didn't bother to tell them that Jenny was much more emotional than
  he was. If she fell in love with Azrael, she would only be happy in his arms.
  Let him learn that all by himself. 
 Besides, to talk, he would have to stop doing what he was doing, and he
  didn't want to do that. Michael was his now. He didn't understand, but he loved
  this creature. 
 Michael tasted so good, clean and strong, with a soft, musky sent that made
  his manhood feel uncomfortably snug in his jeans. 
 Michael came, heard a soft cry of pleasure, felt the mouth on his throbbing
  erection sucking harder as fingers found his balls. Gods, this was heaven. 
 'Blood'  , Jason thought. 'It tastes like
      blood'  . His mind, his body, sang at the this and he came caught
      between the pleasure he felt at giving his master this, and the intense
      erotic joy that he felt every time he fed. 
 He gasped as Michael pulled him up, forcing him back against the seat, hands
  and mouth returning the glorious feelings. &quot;Michael, oh, God.&quot; He
  came again at the touch of Michael's mouth on him, cried out and thrashed in
  sweet throes of passion. &quot;Please, make love to me. Please, Master, I need
  you. I don't care if it hurts.&quot; 
 *Megel, there is a jar of lubricant in the side pocket of the
        door, *   Azrael thought casually to him. *I
        will drive slowly. Shall I take another turn around the block? *  He
        was glad of the limousine's tinted windows, which offered the two lovers
        privacy. 
 &quot;Roll over.&quot; Michael reached for the lubricant with one hand while
  the other yanked the denim past Jason's hips. &quot;I want to hear you cry
  out, pet. Let me feel your lusts.&quot; The slick feeling of lubrication coated
  him, but nothing compared to his entry. Jason was still tight. The boy's cry
  of fulfillment removed all reservation, as he began to thrust. 
 Jason could have screamed when Michael pulled back and almost out. He didn't
  want to be separated. His protests turned to whimpers as his lover teased him
  with light half movements, which only made him want more. 
 He did scream, as Michael thrust hard, burying himself deep in the warm
  recesses of his rectum. Some how, though Jason didn't understand how, Michael's
  powerful thrust struck his sensitive please gland hard. A hand locked on his
  straining erection as he pulled 
away again, only to drive his power home again and again until Jason was
  sure he'd die. But, oh, what a way to go. &quot;Please, yes, 'oh
  God yes'  , harder, please, Michael, harder, make it hurt.&quot; He
  wanted it all, no restraints, no half gestures. 
 No words were needed as Michael fed the boy's lusts, listening to his sobs
  of pleasured pain. Oh, exploring this with him would prove to be a wonderful
  journey. 
 Jason came as Michael exploded, with feelings that ripped through him almost
  rendering him unconscious. It was wild, the pain, the pleasure, and the complete
  domination. 
 &quot;Clean the seat, pet, lick all your traces away.&quot; Michael gently
  bit his ear. &quot;Last night, had I known what you were giving me, I might
  have killed you in joy.&quot; He smiled as Jason bent to obey without hesitation. &quot;But
  now, I have better plans for you.&quot; 
 &quot;Please.&quot; He went up into Michael's lap. &quot;Michael, I love
  you. Do anything, I don't care, just love me.&quot; 
 &quot;You will be mine.&quot; Michael said. &quot;A more fitting slave never
  lived. The things I will do to you! We will explore so many things together.
  You will come to live for my slightest smile, my touch will be more important
  than food or sleep.&quot; He kissed him hard. &quot;Blow me, Jason. Clean me
  with your mouth. Show me how much you want to be mine. Be my slave. Let me
  see you grovel Lose yourself in this to me.&quot; 
 The taste was bitter as Jason licked and sucked his master, and he had to
  resist the urge to retch. But nothing mattered now. He would be like Michael
  one day, have his love for eternity. He saw how Michael was with Azrael knew
  what eternal love was like. 
 He caught one ball, then the other, in his mouth, sucking and biting lightly
  before taking his master deep in his mouth, relaxing his throat so that he
  could take Michael to the base. It was the one thing he knew he could do. It
  was something that he had went out of his way to avoid, he almost never gave
  anyone, a full and complete blow. 
 Michael almost came off the seat. So few had ever been able to do this.
  He was almost ten inches from base to tip erect, and as big around as his wrist.
  Yet this child, his love, was doing just that. He cried out, letting the boy
  have him as the burning heat flooded from him to his love. 
 Azrael finished an, extra three turns around the block. He glanced in the
  rear-view mirror. Jason lay in Michael's arms, still half-dressed, with his
  jeans at his ankles. &quot;Time to dress, love. We are here.&quot; 
 Michael helped Jason dress before struggling into his own pants. &quot;Jay,
  will it be difficult for you? Shall we wait outside until you have her calm?&quot; 
 &quot;No, let me introduce you as my lover, first. Let her see that I am
  happy before I tell her all the truth.&quot; 
 Michael nodded, opening the door. &quot;Let's go.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Jenny fretted. Jason hadn't come home last night. Would he ever return?
  What had happened? Where was he? 
 She went to the window for what seemed the millionth time. A black limousine
  pulled up, and a dark-haired man got out. Jason followed him. 
 &quot;Jay!&quot; she called as she ran out to meet him. She threw herself
  into his arms. &quot;I was so worried.&quot; 
 He held her gently. &quot;Why, baby?&quot; He asked, kissing the top of
  her head. &quot;I've stayed out all night before.&quot; 
 &quot;But last night was that pervert's night. You didn't come home and
  I thought maybe he'd hurt you, or kidnapped you, or . . .&quot; 
 &quot;Well, he didn't.&quot; Jason walked her back to the door. 
 She looked at the man who followed. Another left the car. &quot;Jason, who
  are they?&quot; 
 &quot;Inside.&quot; 
 In the living room, she clung to Jason and studied his escort. The one who'd
  come out of the car first was tall, maybe six feet, with blue-black hair and
  very blue eyes. She noticed how the sharpness of his jaw line seemed to contrast
  with the fullness of his mouth and the softness of his eyes. 
 The second was shorter, slim, with dark hair. She couldn't decide if it
  was black or a really dark brown, and brown eyes. A pointed chin and hollow
  cheeks gave him an almost elfin/androgynous look. Of the two, she thought him
  to be the best looking. 
 &quot;Jenny, this is Michael.&quot; Jason said, reaching for the tall one's
  hand. &quot;I, well, he's my lover. I brought him home because he wants to
  help you.&quot; 
 Jenny blushed. It was one thing to know what your brother did at night.
  But it was all together another thing to know who he did it with. &quot;Your
  lover?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, I, I fell in love, Sis. Michael is the greatest guy alive. He's
  come to--.&quot; 
 &quot;He, and you-he's-you are--&quot; she just knew she was turning redder
  every second. 
 &quot;Yeah, we're doing that too.&quot; He smiled. &quot;Don't look that
  way, honey. He's not like the others. I'm going to live with him. He's going
  to take care of us. He promised me.&quot; 
 She looked at both of them, a fear surfacing. No, he hadn't, he wouldn't,
  would he? &quot;You sold yourself to him, didn't you? He gets to do things
  to you and in payment we get 'cared for'  .&quot; She
  rounded on Michael. &quot;You bought him, didn't you?&quot; 
 &quot;No, little one, I did not.&quot; Michael caressed Jason's arm. &quot;He's
  mine, yes, but by love and by other things that have little bearing on my willingness
  to help you. Your brother gave me his love. That means more to me than all
  the money in the world. You are his only family, the only other person who
  I know who shares him.&quot; 
 She might only be sixteen, but Jenny could interpret expressions. &quot;Really?&quot; she
  asked Jason. Tears started when he nodded. &quot;Thank you.&quot; She hugged
  Michael. &quot;Now when I die, he won't be alone.&quot; 
 &quot;Come on, Sis, let's go talk. The hired help gone for the night?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, I got tired of dealing with her, so I lied and told her that
  while she went to the store, you called and were on your way home, and she
  could leave.&quot; 
 &quot;Well, let's talk.&quot; Then he stopped, turning to acknowledge Azrael. &quot;Sorry,
  sir, I forgot, Jenny, that's Azrael, a friend of Michael's, and also of mine.
  He's real nice, Jenny, you'll like him.&quot; 
 They sat on the living-room sofa. &quot;What's up, Jay?&quot; 
 &quot;I need to tell you something, but I'm not sure how to go about it.&quot; He
  looked at the ceiling, then down at his hands. &quot;First, I want you to promise
  me you'll listen to everything I have to say. Please, let me finish before
  you ask any questions.&quot; 
 She had always been very close to Jason, in some ways closer than a brother
  and sister should be. She felt his discomfort and could see that something
  bothered him, a cold feeling began in her stomach. &quot;Jason, are 
you, is there something . . .&quot; She paled. &quot;Oh God, you got 'AIDS'  !&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; Jason shook his head violently. &quot;No, wait Jenny, it's
  nothing like that. Please, just promise me.&quot; 
 &quot;Okay.&quot; She felt confused and a little scared. 
 &quot;The creep had just dropped me off last night. Michael out, of, nowhere
  he helped me to gather the money that had been thrown at me. He asked me to
  spend time with him. He looked so concerned, so kind, that I accepted.&quot; He
  smiled at Michael. &quot;There was just something about him made me say yes.
  I didn't know what I expected, but he was offering five hundred bucks.&quot; He
  nodded at Jenny's gasp. &quot;Yeah, I know, I figured it would be ugly, but
  we needed the money.&quot; 
 He stopped trying to formulate his next words. &quot;Jenny, I've never lied
  to you. You know that. So please, believe me when I tell you that everything
  I'm about to tell you, is the truth. Don't be afraid; don't worry; just believe
  me. Believe me when I tell you we are safe. No one will ever hurt you.&quot; He
  took her hand in his. 
 &quot;He didn't want to hurt me, Jen. Michael, he's, well, he's a vampire.
  So is Azrael. Michael needed a,&quot; he blushed, &quot;a pet, from which he
  could feed. He offered me a chance to live a long, healthy life, full of hope
  and love, in exchange for my freedom and blood.&quot; 
 Was he serious? Vampires were mythological creatures. They couldn't exist,
  could they? &quot;Jason?&quot; 
 &quot;I know. It's a lot to swallow, but it's the truth. They've both bitten
  me. Michael, who is my master, he gave me some of his blood, twice so far.&quot; He
  decided not to mention the accidental feeding that came with the blowjobs. &quot;I
  won't age, baby girl. I'll live to be one hundred and fifty years old, and
  I'll 
look like this until age starts creeping in. 
 &quot;I was real scared at first. I mean, he's a vampire. But when I told
  him about you, he offered to take care of you for me. That way you wouldn't
  end up locked away in some hospital dying among strangers.&quot; He looked
  down. &quot;Jen, he promised that, at the end, when it got really bad, he'd
  come and end it for you. So then you'd go quietly and gently.&quot; He wanted
  to make her understand. &quot;And he would, Jen. You wouldn't hurt a bit. It's
  the most wonderful, relaxing feeling you'll ever have.&quot; 
 Jenny blinked, startled. She tried not to get hysterical. Jason said he
  loved Michael, and that Michael was a vampire. The vampire now owned him, and
  had agreed to kill her. &quot;Jason, is he gonna kill me now?&quot; Her voice
  was tiny. 
 &quot;No, Sis. Just wait. I'm not done.&quot; He turned looking for support.
  Michael came and sat behind him, wrapping an arm around his waist, offering
  it. 
 &quot;I never wanted your life, Jenny.&quot; Michael said. &quot;I only
  promised your brother that, when you could not bear the pain any longer, I
  would let you sleep quietly. Your brother had offered himself to me, and I
  was so touched that I would give him anything to show him how much I honored
  his gift.&quot; 
 &quot;Which brings me to why I'm telling you this.&quot; Jason stopped long
  enough to kiss Michael. &quot;The blood they have, the stuff in their veins,
  it can save you. It can cure your cancer and give you a hundred and fifty years
  of life, free of pain and ugliness. Azrael has offered to take you as his,
  protect you, care for you, and keep you safe.&quot; 
 &quot;Take me?&quot; She looked at Azrael. He looked like a handsome, distinguished
  gentleman in his mid-thirties. Could he possibly really be older? 
 &quot;Yes, child.&quot; Azrael knelt in front of her. &quot;I would take
  you for mine, become your master, as Megel, who Jason calls Michael, is his.
  Can you live with this proposal? Your brother is sweet, and neither Megel nor
  I want to see him in pain. So, will you come with me, give up yourself to me,
  give me your love, your body, and your blood? In return, I will see you well
  cared for and loved always. A life such as you have never known will be yours
  for the taking.&quot; 
 &quot;Jason,&quot; she looked from him to Azrael and back, &quot;really,
  they really are--?&quot; 
 &quot;It doesn't hurt. He won't hurt you, Sis, watch.&quot; He looked at
  Michael. &quot;Master, may I show her?&quot; 
 &quot;Go on,&quot; Michael urged. &quot;One little sip won't hurt you. Let
  her see that Azrael is kind.&quot; 
 Jenny gasped, then cried out in as Azrael bent Jason's neck back to sink
  his fangs into the tender flesh of his throat. &quot;No, please.&quot; She
  reached to push him away. 
 &quot;No, Jenny.&quot; Michael's voice was soft as he restrained her. &quot;You
  can't. If you knock him off balance his fangs could rip out Jason's throat.&quot; He
  stroked her hair, trying to calm her with as little pressure as possible. &quot;I
  care for my slave. He's in no danger. See, Azrael has already pulled away.&quot; 
 Jenny froze in his arms. They were vampires, real vampires, and they were
  here for her. Jason had met, and belonged to, a real vampire that had a friend
  who wanted to do the same to her. Her fear and surprise were blunted by the
  look of joy on her brother's face. &quot;Jay?&quot; 
 &quot;I'm fine,&quot; he said, pulling away, his face a bit flushed his
  breathing shallow and rapid. &quot;See? I told you; he's great. They won't
  hurt you as long as you are cool.&quot; 
 Azrael shushed him. &quot;I do not think that is necessary. I am sure any
  punishment she receives will be light. She will probably never need more than
  a stern word or an occasional spanking. Do not frighten her more than she already
  is.&quot; He let Jason return to his master. &quot;So, pet, is your fear so
  great? Your brother wants you to live and be happy. Will you allow him his
  wish?&quot; 
 She bit her lip. It was like a dream come true. &quot;If you bite me, then
  love me, give me some of your blood, will my headaches go away? Will I really
  not die in a few months?&quot; 
 Azrael knew that she wanted this. &quot;Give me your life, Jenny. Let me
  put you under my protection, call me 'master'   and I
  will swear this. I will grant you its continuance. I will care for you, and
  you will never feel alone or unloved. Call me 'Master'  ,
  let me be such and the pain is over.&quot; He had refrained from using his
  power up until now, allowing the girl to make the first overture. Now he pressed
  down with his will, lightly and skillfully, turning her mind towards the decision
  he wished. Her desire to live made it easy. She would never suspect that she
  had not made the choice herself. &quot;I know you are a virgin. For Jason's
  sake, Megel will take your maidenhood. After that, I will see you cared for
  and loved always.&quot; 
 &quot;You can--,&quot; she squeaked in surprise, then blushed. &quot;But
  I thought that, I mean, that vampires couldn't . . .&quot; 
 He chuckled. &quot;Of course we can, Jenny. We are a sensual and passionate
  people. We are sterile and immune to all illnesses, but blood flows to that
  part, and the pleasure is great.&quot; He reached for her hand. &quot;Say 'yes'  ,
  Jenny. Come into my arms. Let me make you mine.&quot; She was a pretty little
  thing. &quot;I will be gentle. You will not regret your trust.&quot; 
 &quot;Say, yes, Jen,&quot; Jason urged. &quot;I'll call Dr. Ramon and tell
  him that you're going away with Michael and me, to spend the last months before
  it gets bad, living far away from the painful reminders. That you want to travel,
  or go into the woods to die. It happens all the time. He even suggested something
  like that, remember?&quot; His voice was soft. &quot;Don't be afraid. You won't
  be a virgin anymore. You won't die without knowing love.&quot; 
 &quot;You won't hurt me?&quot; She trembled and cried as Azrael pulled her
  close. &quot;Please, I'll be good, just don't hurt me.&quot; 
 &quot;Will you call me 'Master'  ?&quot; He asked,
  kissing her. &quot;Give yourself to me, body and soul?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes,&quot; she whispered, giving in to the softness of his lips. She'd
  only been kissed once, and it was nothing like this; so warm, so sweet, just
  enough pressure to excite her without frightening her. 
 &quot;Lift your head.&quot; His voice was soft and gentle. &quot;It only
  hurts for a second.&quot; His smile was meant to reassure, as his fangs came
  down. 
 She felt his teeth on her neck, then gasped as he bit. She cried out once,
  and then--. 
 Masturbation had been out of the question for the past half a year or so.
  Her pain medication interfered with sensitivity. But even when she had, the
  feelings that she gave herself were nothing compared to this, and as he cupped
  a breast, gently stoking it with careful passion, she was lost. 
 He finished drinking, and licked the wound in her neck closed. She reached
  for him, but he opened his collar, and using his own nails, opened his jugular. &quot;Drink,&quot; he
  urged. 
 She pressed her lips to his neck. How would it taste? 
 A bolt of exquisite pleasure shot through her as her mouth covered the wound.
  She had an orgasm as she held on to him, as she tasted his blood. The pleasure
  at once frightened her and awakened her. 
 Azrael let her drink. He pulled her head up only once, so that he could
  reopen the wound, allowing his wounded little one her full measure. &quot;Enough
  now, precious, it's over.&quot; 
 She looked up first to Azrael then to Jason. He had watched her pleasure,
  her response she, blushed bright red. 
 Azrael smiled. &quot;Do not be ashamed, pet. Your brother will never touch
  you, of course. But you will see each other from time to time in varying stages
  of dress, or lack thereof.&quot; 
 &quot;You okay, Jenny?&quot; Jason asked from where he leaned against Michael.
  There was no way for the vampires to know it, but seeing each other naked didn't
  bother them. Back before their parents died, they had belonged to a nudist
  colony. 
 &quot;I won't die now?&quot; She asked Azrael, confused but trusting. That
  had been fabulous. 
 &quot;It will be some time before you will be healed. For about a year,
  you must feed from me nightly, as I feed from you. But the blood you have taken
  will begin to heal you.&quot; He stoked a breast through the thin cotton of
  her 
T-shirt. &quot;Did you enjoy it, pet, was it as delicious for you as it was
  for me?&quot; 
 She moaned, &quot;I--&quot; It felt so good. She had been crushed to learn
  that she would, because of her illness, die a virgin. That hurt in a way she
  didn't understand. 
 &quot;Then you will go with Megel and let him take your maidenhood?&quot; He
  ripped her shirt easily, but slowly. The hand that moved slowly from her throat,
  down her chest found no bra, just nipples that grew hard under his tongue as
  he seduced her. &quot;Say; 'Yes, Master'.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, Master.&quot; She cried under his touch. She wanted this so much.
  But, &quot;please,&quot; she said, catching his hand. &quot;You, please, let
  it be you.&quot; 
 &quot;Jason?&quot; Azrael looked up at him. &quot;I gave my word, but she
  has asked. I will not hurt her. She is not my first virgin.&quot; 
 Jason had agreed earlier because he knew that Michael would be gentle. But
  it was obvious that Jenny wanted Azrael. No sense in beginning her new life
  all wrong. He shrugged. &quot;It's her life, Master, and your business.&quot; 
 The Elder vampire smiled happily. &quot;Where is your room, sweet? Before
  we leave here, let's finish this.&quot; 
 She pointed. &quot;Down the hall.&quot; Her voice rose as his mouth returned
  to her breasts. &quot;Please, oh, please.&quot; Her eyes closed as he slipped
  a hand into her pants, pulling them away, leaving her naked before them. &quot;M-Master,
  not here.&quot; 
 &quot;Jason, are you satisfied that she wants this?&quot; Azrael let her
  pull closer, hiding her from all eyes. &quot;I will take her aside and love
  her. Do you feel comfortable with that, or do you want to watch to know I will
  be gentle?&quot; 
 Blushing, Jason shook his head. &quot;No, I'd rather not. Her room is the
  one on the right.&quot; No, he didn't want to watch his baby sister have, sex.
  He understood the why and how, but he didn't want to see it. &quot;If my Master
  doesn't mind, I'll call her doctor and tell him she's leaving for, oh, I don't
  know, Switzerland, that we're going on a European tour.&quot; 
 Azrael stood, holding the naked, frightened, but aroused girl in his arms. &quot;One
  hour,&quot; he vowed. 
 Michael pulled him close as his Sire took Jenny away. &quot;You won a point
  with my Master.&quot; 
 &quot;Are you happy with it?&quot; Jason felt safe. &quot;May I call Dr.
  Ramon and tell him we are leaving?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, go on, I'll be here for you when you are finished.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Azrael laid Jenny on the bed, leaning over, kissing her lightly as he undressed. &quot;How
  many boyfriends have you had, pet? Or are you completely innocent?&quot; 
 She smiled. &quot;I sort of had one, once. I was fourteen, and he was a
  patient at the same cancer clinic.&quot; She blushed and looked away at his
  aroused state. &quot;He kissed me once, but it wasn't anything like what you
  did.&quot; 
 He leaned over her, lips soft and coaxing, drawing a response. His tongue
  traced the contour of her lips before seeking entry to mingle with her sweet
  warmth. &quot;So my kisses please you, or am I frightening you?&quot; 
 Jenny shook her head as she reached up and stroked his cheek. He was so
  incredibly good-looking, and he wanted her. Her, sick as she was. And after
  connecting as they had, she wanted him more than she had ever wanted anything
  in her life. She might be a virgin, and young, but there was no woman born
  of Eve who had ever mistaken this feeling. 
 &quot;I--I know it will hurt,&quot; she said looking anywhere but at him. &quot;Jason
  explained things to me. That girl's hurt the first time, but that it gets better.
  Just like when he lets guys do it to him; it hurt the first time, but now he's
  used to it.&quot; 
 &quot;Jenny,&quot; he chuckled, kissing her again, &quot;the pain will be
  brief, a flash, nothing more. Then there will be pleasure. Trust me.&quot; He
  took her left breast into his mouth, tongue playing with the ring in her nipple.
  Pretending surprise, he said, &quot;My, but this is sweet. Where did it come
  from?&quot; 
 &quot;I saw a woman with one in one of Jason's magazines, and I liked it.
  Jason found a guy who would do mine on his signature as guardian.&quot; This
  felt so good. Words just couldn't describe it. She'd never dreamed that it
  would feel like this. &quot;I wanted to get the right one done, but my doctor
  thought I was too sick and I might not heal right.&quot; 
 &quot;I will have it done for you, precious. Promise.&quot; He turned his
  attention to her right breast as his hand parted her legs. &quot;You are wonderful.
  I am glad I chose to take you.&quot; 
 Jenny lay beside him, not quite shy, but reserved. No one had ever touched
  her this way. The sensations that coursed through her body with each lazy,
  gentle, stroke were from her darkest fantasies. It was so hard to believe that
  she was here, and that the man who made her skin tingle and brought pleasured
  gasps was not only a vampire, but also now her master. But he was. She knew
  and accepted it. Tomorrow had meaning again. For the first time in over a year,
  tomorrow had meaning, and it was because of this man. 
 He kissed a line down from her chin, down her chest, teasing first one breast,
  then the other. He then moved down her stomach, relishing in the gentle swell
  of her belly and dip to her sex. 
 She almost sat up as his finger parted the folds of her femaleness and tongue
  stroked the tender flesh within. &quot;Oh, my God,&quot; she moaned. Her fingers
  locked in his hair. This was too much, too intense. Nothing in his presentation
  had warned her of these feelings. &quot;Please--I--what--God.&quot; What started
  out as a pleasant feeling soon grew into a pressure, a pressure from deep inside
  her womb that began to build. An ache that caused her to thrust forward, reaching,
  straining, nearing something that she didn't understand, but wanted. And as
  the building pressure broke through and her body became locked in an overload
  of sensations that left her sobbing mindlessly for release, Azrael moved forward
  slowly. She was ready for him. At this point one brief stab of pain could easily
  be overlooked. Later, tonight, in his own bed, he would teach her his body,
  but her gift of her innocence was enough for now. 
 The pain was sharp. She cried out against his lips as the mark of her virginity
  gave way, and he buried himself inside her. &quot;I am sorry, love, but there
  was no way to ease it. Better a quick thrust than to prod and so prolong the
  pain.&quot; His mouth softly teased hers, trying to entice her again. &quot;Better?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; She gave into his kisses. He moved slowly, a wonderful,
  slow, gentle friction that sent electrical pulses all through her body. He
  might not be human, but he was better than any fantasy lover she had ever dreamed
  could hope to be. 
 Azrael continued to move slowly, until she was relaxed beneath him. &quot;Are
  you ready for me precious? I want you now.&quot; He thrust hard, heard her
  gasp as she clung to him, and fed the flame. 
 * * * 
 &quot;Thank you, Dr. Ramon.&quot; Jason tried not to choke at Dr. Ramon's
  sympathy. &quot;No, she's already packed and waiting with my lover.&quot; He
  grinned at Ramon's renewed surprise. &quot;He's a good guy, no we won't be
  back, or at least she won't.&quot; Again he almost cried as the doctor expressed
  sympathy. It had almost been real; a few months more, maybe a year was all
  that she had had. &quot;You've been good to her, you'll never know what that
  means to us. She'll always think well of you, and I will spend the rest of
  my life, thankful.&quot; Again, the wait, &quot;I'll give her your love. Thank
  you, Dr. Ramon, God be with you.&quot; He hung up the phone, turning to sob
  into Michael's chest. Less than five hours ago, his sister had been dying.
  Now, she, would live, God, what a relief. 
 Michael lifted him, moving towards the couch. &quot;Go on pet, cry, it has
  been a soul-tearing time for you.&quot; He held him, rocking slowly. 
 * * * 
 Jenny stretched. It had been wonderful. She had always known that sex would
  be fun. Jason had explained things in detail to her, showing her a man's body
  and explaining how a woman responded, but somehow she didn't think he fully
  grasped the situation. 
 &quot;Did I hurt you, child?&quot; She was still weak. Azrael looked down
  at her, noticing for the first time how wan she looked. It would take time,
  but he would see her strength built up again. 
 &quot;No.&quot; 
 He stroked her hair, and it moved. &quot;What happened to your hair, love?&quot; He
  asked, pulling off her wig. She was bald, with only a little wisp of hair along
  her former hairline. 
 &quot;Chemo and radiation.&quot; He'd helped her to forget the wig, but
  now she couldn't face him. Her hair was gone. She turned away, ducking her
  head. &quot;Please, don't look at me. I'm ugly.&quot; 
 &quot;Nonsense,&quot; he said, meaning it. &quot;You are not ugly. It will
  grow back, and until then, I will not have you wearing a wig. Be yourself.&quot; 
 &quot;But--&quot; She was ashamed of her looks. Women weren't supposed to
  be bald. 
 &quot;Your appearance does not repulse me, sweet,&quot; he soothed, stroking
  her head. &quot;We'll shave this little leftover hair off, and then it will
  grow back at the same time. You are still lovely to me. I want to see the real
  you. Time is all you need. Your hair will grow again. I will feed you and help
  you to regain your strength and looks.&quot; He knew how ashamed she was of
  her looks now. It was important to make her understand that it wasn't important
  to him. That she would be cared for and loved for herself, and that she was
  beautiful just the way she was. 
 She looked up at him, confused. He was so beautiful. How could he look at
  her now, skinny, no boobs, no hips, fish white and bald. &quot;You--you don't
  care?&quot; she sniffed. 
 &quot;Of course I care, but not because you are bald, precious. It was not
  your fault. It is a mark of pride. You were willing to fight, to do whatever
  you had to do to live. Be proud of that. I know there are a great many who
  would have lain down and given up.&quot; 
 &quot;Please,&quot; she begged. &quot;Please, Azrael, let me have my wig
  back. I feel so ugly like this.&quot; 
 &quot;Why? You have a nice shape to your skull, and your face is fine-boned.
  You are quite lovely without your hair. Perhaps we should tattoo your scalp.
  It may take many months before the blood fully heals all the damage and your
  hair starts to grow.&quot; 
 She looked up at him, trying to determine if he was telling the truth or
  just being nice. The thought of a vampire lying in bed with her, and trying
  to spare her feelings, was a wild one. &quot;Please.&quot; 
 &quot;No. Do not ask again pet. I have made up my mind. No wigs, no lies.
  I accept you as you are.&quot; He held her as she cried, stroking the soft,
  smooth skin of her scalp, planting playful kisses all over her head. &quot;Now
  answer me sweet, did I hurt you badly? Will you welcome my touch again, or
  have I 
frightened you?&quot; 
 &quot;Did I do all right?&quot; She cuddled close, rubbing her cheek on
  his shoulder. &quot;I mean it was great, but I don't know anything, was I horrible?&quot; 
 Azrael chuckled. &quot;No Jenny, you were not 'horrible'  .
  You were honest in your response. You were wonderful. I will teach you how
  to return my affections later tonight. You have good instincts. You are as
  open and loving as your brother.&quot; 
 &quot;Jason explained sex to me when I was fourteen, just after my parents
  died. I wasn't totally stupid. I knew where babies came from and all of that,
  but I didn't quite get what was so great about it. My grandmother lived here
  until last May, when she died, and she wouldn't answer my questions. She said
  it was better that I didn't know. I'd never have a husband, so what I didn't
  know I wouldn't miss. Jason argued the point. Well, to make a long story short,
  one day when she was out shopping he took me into his room and told me all
  about it.&quot; She blushed brightly. &quot;Though I'm going to have to tell
  him, he doesn't know what he's talking about when it comes to how a woman likes
  it.&quot; The blush deepened as Azrael laughed. &quot;He even showed me how
  to touch myself.&quot; 
 &quot;Your brother is a sweet boy. Not many brothers could look at the situation
  you were faced with and get past all the social taboos placed on siblings to
  show you what you needed to learn.&quot; 
 &quot;Like I said, I wasn't totally blind and stupid. I spent many summers,
  before I got sick, with my parents at a nudist colony. I knew what everything
  looked like, and theoretically how it all worked together. I just couldn't
  figure out what all the big deal was.&quot; A soft, girlish giggle, &quot;now
  I feel real dumb. Had I known it would be like that, I'd have started jumping
  boys at twelve.&quot; 
 He felt her shudder as his mouth devoured hers. She was as loving as any
  pet could be. &quot;Later, pet. Once we are at home, I will take up where your
  brother left off, and teach you all the things he never could.&quot; He felt
  himself 
harden again as she pressed her slender body against his. She had gifted
  him her innocence. He was her first, and, with maybe the exception of Megel,
  and any other male pets, the only man. &quot;Perhaps,&quot; he murmured, his
  mouth moving over her face, down her throat, &quot;now is as good a time as
  any. I want you, Jenny. Is it too soon? Will you give yourself to me again
  now?&quot; 
 &quot;Can I touch you?&quot; She wanted to so badly, she had been curious
  for so long. &quot;Please.&quot; 
 Azrael lay back, pulling her with him. &quot;Give me your hand, love.&quot; He
  kissed the palm. &quot;I will lie here for you. Feel free. Ask any question.
  Touch any part of my body you wish. I am as much yours as you are mine.&quot; He
  wiped a stray tear from her cheek. &quot;But first, let me gift you with this;
  a new name, to start your new life. Jenny died this night, and will never return.
  You are not the same, poor, little sick girl who was waiting to die.&quot; 
 &quot;A new name?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, I do not usually do this, but it is appropriate for you. I will
  call you, Morgan, the German for 'morning'  , a new day.&quot; He
  smiled as she sat up. 
&quot;Do you like it, pet?&quot; 
 &quot;Morgan. I like it, Azrael. Thank you.&quot; 
 &quot;You are welcome, sweet. Now go on. Touch me. I grow anxious to feel
  your hands on my body.&quot; 
 She giggled nervously and reached out to touch his cheek. He was gorgeous.
  She knew several of her friends who would kill to have him, and he was hers.
  For a century and a half, he was hers. The thought thrilled her. She was his,
  always, and he was nice. No asshole teenager, no abusive drunk, he held her
  life and he made her feel safe. 
 &quot;I want you to kiss everything that you touch, Morgan. Let me feel
  your mouth as well as your hands.&quot; He caught the hand that rested on his
  cheek. &quot;Kiss everything, pet. Learn my scent and my taste.&quot; 
 She turned a bright red. &quot;You want me to blow you.&quot; She couldn't
  look him in the eyes. 
 &quot;I hate that term, but yes, I want to feel your mouth on me. Touch
  and taste me.&quot; Move her on. &quot;Tell me you love me, Morgan. Tell your
  master how much you love him.&quot; 
 She slowly leaned forward, cupping his face in her hands. &quot;I love you.&quot; She
  spoke softly, and met his eyes. &quot;I love you, Master. Do you love me?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, pet. I am becoming quite fond of you, and will grow to love you
  dearly. Take my promise, I will always love you.&quot; 
 He was a little surprised at the passion that was present in her kiss. Her
  aggression was nearly wanton. He let her make the moves, opened his mouth to
  her tongue as it bravely sought entry. Oh, she was such a delight. 
 Gently, her hand trembling, she stroked his right nipple. &quot;When you
  touched me like this, it felt great. Do you--does a guy like this?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes,&quot; he whispered as her mouth replaced her hand. It had been
  centuries since anyone moved him like this. Not even Jenna, who gave up her
  whole identity to him, had ever made him feel like this. She was so young,
  so innocent. Virginal, in so many ways, yet so eager, it took all his self-control
  to keep from throwing her down and taking her. &quot;You do that well, precious.
  I long for your touch.&quot; 
 She went for his throat, kissing, licking, biting, and throwing shyness
  to the wind. Her hands stroked down his chest and abdomen, exploring every
  contour. Mouth and tongue followed. This man, this creature, saved her life,
  gave her so much that she would have lost. She'd do anything he asked of her. 
 Shyness returned when she wrapped her fingers around his erection. &quot;It's
  so big,&quot; came, the classic virgin's awed remark. &quot;I'm glad I didn't
  get a good look at it before we made love.&quot; 'Made love'  .
  What a wonderful, phrase, it was. &quot;I think I might have freaked out.&quot; 
 He chuckled. &quot;Thank you for the praise, pet. But never be afraid of
  me like this. I will never hurt you with it, not intentionally.&quot; 
 &quot;Master,&quot; she bent to kiss the tip. &quot;Are you gonna, I mean
  a hundred and fifty years is a long time, are you gonna teach me things?&quot; 
 &quot;When it comes to our nights, Morgan, I will teach you to welcome my
  touch any way I choose to love you. I will teach you everything. We will explore
  many different types of pleasure. Some will be both joyful and frightening.
  Some may even hurt at the beginning, but never always. Time is on your side.
  You will come to love, and beg for, anything I grant you.&quot; 
 She was glad. Now that she had felt this, she wanted to explore anything
  two people could do to each other to bring pleasure. She stoked his penis,
  smiled as he groaned. &quot;Yes, go on, pet. I need to feel your mouth on me.&quot; 
 His hands locked behind her head as her mouth took him. It was wonderful.
  She was so incredibly eager to please. It was so different from when he had
  first taken his girls. None of them had been innocent. They all had been forced
  to learn the ways of men at an early age. But his new sweet pet, this was all
  new to her. She had never touched a man before, so her innocent advances were
  delightful torment. 
 She pulled away, resting her head on his leg as she continued to play with
  him, watching it jump, hearing his gasp as she gently squeezed his balls. He
  liked this, she could tell, innocent though she was. He moaned and whispered
  words of encouragement as she continued to caress him. 
 She wondered what it would taste like, if he came, as his hands directed
  her to take him in her mouth again. Would it be gross or what, and if she really
  hated it, would she still have to do it? 
 &quot;Yes, pet, you will please me with your hands and mouth at least once
  a day. But it is not like you think. Trust me, you will love it.&quot; He didn't
  laugh as she froze. &quot;I read your mind, Morgan. Your thoughts are open
  to me.&quot; He couldn't stand it any longer. &quot;Come here, you can finish
  this later.&quot; 
 Her legs opened freely as he pinned her to the bed. His first thrust caused
  stars to twinkle behind her eyes. God, this was great. He could do this every
  hour on the hour forever and she would welcome it. 
 Azrael froze inside her, buried deep, not moving. &quot;Do you like my love,
  pet?&quot; His mouth was almost brutal this time. &quot;Beg me to take you.
  No, half effort, this time, no shyness, beg me to make you mine.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes,&quot; she shifted her hips, trying to thrust up. It only buried
  him deeper. &quot;Please--oh--God--Azrael, please!&quot; 
 &quot;Call me 'Master', Morgan. No shyness this time, tell me what you want
  from me.&quot; 
 &quot;Please, Master.&quot; She could have screamed. &quot;'Fuck me', please,
  oh, Master, now.&quot; 
 &quot;No, pet.&quot; He kissed her cheek. &quot;Do not use those words.
  I will never 'fuck'   you. That is too cold, too heartless.
  I will love you, and always make love.&quot; 
 She broke down into tears. It was the last thing she had thought he'd say. &quot;Master,&quot; she
  whispered, &quot;please, make love to me. I'm begging, please I--I need you.&quot; 
 This time there was no holding back. He fed his love into her freely. Thrusting
  with a force that stunned them both. 
 * * * 
 Jason jumped at the scream. &quot;Jenny!&quot; He tried to rush to save
  her. 
 &quot;No, pet,&quot; Michael caught him. 
 &quot;But--&quot; 
 &quot;That was a scream of passion. I feel no wrong.&quot; The vampire held
  Jason in a steel grip. &quot;I swear it.&quot; 
 &quot;You sure?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Listen. See, no more, just the one. Azrael can be quite talented
  when he wants to be. Your sister was a virgin, untouched. I'm sure he's going
  out of his way to make sure she thoroughly enjoys herself.&quot; Jason's protectiveness
  could be a problem. &quot;Jason, you must let go. She is your sister, but she's
  no longer your responsibility. She belongs to Azrael now. To do with as he
  sees fit.&quot; 
 Jason looked down. &quot;Yes, Master.&quot; This was going to be tough. 'I
      don't have any say with her, now'  . Azrael could, and would,
      do whatever he wanted to Jenny. &quot;I love you, I believe you, but--he
      really won't hurt her, will he?&quot; 
 &quot;Not without reason.&quot; They could hear the soft noises from the
  bedroom. Her voice rose occasionally, begging for more. &quot;See, she is fine.&quot; The
  sounds had an erotic effect on him. His mind touched Jason's lightly, easing
  his fears. 
 &quot;If he is half as good as you are, she's better than fine.&quot; Jason
  worked his fingers into Michael's hair. He loved feeling the long soft mane.
  It felt like silk in his fingers. &quot;I can't stop touching you.&quot; 
 &quot;Then don't, I love when you do.&quot; Would there be time? &quot;I
  want you. Will you undress for me?&quot; 
 Startled, Jason pulled back. &quot;Anytime, always, but what if--&quot; 
 &quot;You and Jenny must get over that. You will never be asked to touch
  her or her you. But you will have to learn to accept it.&quot; 
 Jason stripped quickly. &quot;Where do you want me, Master?&quot; He dropped
  to his knees before him. 
 &quot;On the kitchen table.&quot; Yes, he would have to explore this submissive
  side fully with his lover. The boy would learn to bend to his every desire. 
 * * * 
 Azrael helped Morgan pick out clothes, taking over her makeup as he teasingly
  flirted with her. &quot;See, precious, you are quite lovely.&quot; She beamed
  at her reflection in the mirror, feeling beautiful for the first time in years. 
 * * * 
 They walked into the kitchen just as Michael took Jason. &quot;I see that
  we were not the only two to take this time to share our affections,&quot; Azrael
  remarked in a tone that suggested that this was as common as talking about
  the weather. He smiled down at his new pet as she blushed. &quot;He's not being
  hurt.&quot; 
 &quot;You gonna do that to me?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, eventually, but not until we've explored a bit more.&quot; He
  pulled her close. &quot;Watch, pet. See that you are not the only one who is
  well loved. Watch your brother enjoy his master.&quot; 
 She felt like a Peeping Tom as she obeyed. Azrael moved her closer so that
  she could see every move, from Jason's shudders of pleasure, to Michael's hand
  as it stroked him in rhythm with his thrusts. Their mingled sounds of pleasure
  were exciting. 
 &quot;Go get a washcloth, Morgan.&quot; Azrael whispered. &quot;When Megel
  is finished, you will offer to wash him. Show him that you are helpful. Let
  them know that their request that I care for you was a good one.&quot; 
 Jason felt Michael cum as his release took him. He sobbed his pleasure.
  This man, his master and lover, would never deny him this, and it was wonderful. 
 Michael withdrew and pulled Jason into his arms. &quot;I love you, pet.
  Remember that, if I forget to tell you enough.&quot; 
 Jason smiled up at him. &quot;I know.&quot; 
 &quot;You are both turning positively hedonistic,&quot; Azrael chided. &quot;Let
  the boy be for a while, Megel. He is not going anywhere. You do not have to
  wear him out.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, I know I should go easy on him,&quot; Michael admitted, &quot;but
  he drives me mad. I can't seem to get enough of him. Besides, I had to give
  him something to do to keep him from rushing in and disturbing you.&quot; He
  grinned. &quot;When she screamed that once, you almost had an audience.&quot; 
 &quot;Really? Jason, surely you do not think I would hurt her?&quot; Jason
  mumbled something at his feet. Azrael patted him on the shoulder. &quot;I understand,
  boy.&quot; 
 &quot;Thank you, sir.&quot; 
 Morgan returned with the washcloth. 
 &quot;Let her clean you up, Megel,&quot; Azrael suggested. &quot;If he does,
  we will be here half the night.&quot; 
 She reached; out suddenly shy, to wash Michael's manhood. &quot;Oh, thank
  you dear,&quot; he encouraged. Such wonderful hands she had. &quot;You are
  such a sweet thing. Perhaps if Jay is ever successful and gets Azrael into
  the bed, you will spend time with me.&quot; 
 &quot;I--uh,&quot; she looked from him to Azrael. What was she supposed
  to say? 
 &quot;I wouldn't hurt you, Jenny. You would feel safe and loved in my arms.&quot; 
 &quot;Morgan.&quot; 
 &quot;Excuse me?&quot; He didn't understand. 
 &quot;My name is Morgan. He, my master, he gave me a pretty new name to
  go with my new life.&quot; She pulled away, turning to Jason. &quot;I love
  you.&quot; She broke down into tears as she threw herself into his arms, heedless
  of his lack of clothes. &quot;He gave me a new name, say's he'll always love
  me.&quot; She looked up at her big brother, he that had always taken care of
  her. Sold his body to make sure she was kept up sold his soul for her life. &quot;He
  made love to me. Me!&quot; She thumped herself on the chest to emphasize. &quot;He
  likes the way I look, I don't have to hide this.&quot; She pointed to her head. &quot;Wants
  me like I am.&quot; She was almost hysterical as Jason rocked her gently in
  his arms letting her cry. &quot;Thank you, thank you.&quot; 
 &quot;I love you, squirt. You're my sister, my only baby sister. I've loved
  you since Mom and Dad brought you home from the hospital and laid you in my
  lap and told me that I was your big brother and it was my job to help take
  care of you. You'll be happy again, and for that I'd have sold my soul to the
  devil.&quot; He looked up a Michael. &quot;We were just lucky and got angels
  instead.&quot; 
 Azrael came up beside them. &quot;Are you all right, precious?&quot; He
  didn't pull her away from her brother. He didn't have to. She turned to him
  freely, letting him hold her. 
 &quot;I'm taking Jason.&quot; Michael strove to keep his tone light as he
  dressed. &quot;He's starved, we're going to go and eat. Then maybe we'll go
  dancing. Do you want to come along? Or will you take the car and go home?&quot; 
 &quot;Morgan, do you want to come with me, or would you like to go dancing
  with Megel and Jason?&quot; 
 &quot;I'm not old enough for the places they can go. I can't get in.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, you can.&quot; Azrael loved breaking some of the more trivial
  rules of mortals. &quot;Trust me. No one will stop you from doing anything
  you want. I could strip you naked and take you in the middle of the dance floor
  and no one would notice. I am a vampire, pet. I have powers that protect me
  and mine.&quot; 
 Morgan looked at her brother and Michael. &quot;Do you mind?&quot; 
 &quot;Not at all.&quot; Michael said. &quot;Say you'll come. Join us, Master,
  I've been missing life for so long.&quot; 
 &quot;Very well.&quot; It was good to see Michael enjoying himself again. &quot;Are
  you hungry, Morgan?&quot; 
 &quot;Starved.&quot; 
 &quot;Then let's go.&quot; 
CHAPTER 7 
 Full of Chinese and still blushing from Azrael's flirtatious nature, Morgan
  entered the club on her master's arm. It was still difficult to believe that
  no one saw her, but as Azrael led her into the room, the bouncer's eyes simply
  moved over her and stopped on Michael and Jason, who were immediately carded. 
 &quot;I'll be back in a moment.&quot; Michael needed to rid himself of the
  food he had eaten. &quot;Jason, stay with Azrael.&quot; 
 &quot;I still do not understand your love for the stuff,&quot; Azrael commented,
  shaking his head. He'd lost interest in food shortly after becoming a vampire. 
 &quot;I just do, okay?&quot; Michael smiled. The argument was an old one.
  Azrael had spent part of Michael's century of service trying to break him of
  eating food. It hadn't worked then, and it wasn't going to work now. He made
  a short bow and stepped away. 
 Morgan looked around. The club was a large room, with tables and chairs
  clustered around three sides of a stage-like dance-floor. Booths lined the
  walls, except for large double doors that led to the garden. There were a lot
  of men in the club, and they were all together. &quot;We're in a gay club.&quot; 
 &quot;Why, yes, I believe you are right.&quot; Azrael couldn't help but
  tease the girl. &quot;You and I may be for all intents and purposes invisible,
  but Megel wants to flaunt his new pet. He wants others to look at him in lust
  and envy.&quot; He winked at Jason. &quot;He is quite infatuated with your
  brother.&quot; 
 &quot;Could I really attack him on the dance floor and no one notice?&quot; Jason
  asked. 
 &quot;No, not you. Megel wants people to notice you. Look around you, already
  men see you.&quot; 
 Jason looked around. Men were looking at him. Some were simply looking,
  warming up their pick-up lines, while a few had a cruel glint to their eye.
  They made him glad Michael returned at that moment. Oh, he wanted them to see
  him, his ego needed their admiration, but he wanted them to see him with his
  new love. 
 Michael was surprised in the strength in Jason's arms when he held him. &quot;Shall
  we dance?&quot; he asked, feeling Jason's fear, and deducing the cause. 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 It was wonderful, the song was slow, and Michael held him close as they
  slowly swayed to the music. They were together, so close. It was beautiful.
  He ignored the openly lustful looks of some men preferring to, lose, himself
  in the beauty. &quot;Michael,&quot; he breathed. 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; Michael opened his eyes and he looked down at Jason with
  a look of pure pleasure. 
 &quot;I'm really going to live with you for one hundred and fifty years.
  That's a long time. You won't get tired of me, will you?&quot; 
 &quot;It's not a long time for one of my kind. We live for a very long time.
  We don't know how long our lives really are. Many of us have been killed, and
  some have committed suicide. The oldest one I know is almost sixteen thousand
  years old. She's a recluse, now, and too old to need a lot of blood. She might
  need to feed once a decade.&quot; 
 Jason didn't want to think how long that was. &quot;Wow.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Why are you asking, pet? Have I somehow made you feel that I
  would ever throw you out?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; Jason moved closer. &quot;It's just that--Azrael did. He
  gave you that girl. I was just wondering.&quot; 
 &quot;You will never have to worry about that. Nicole was not compatible
  with my master. Their differences would have eventually made living together
  difficult. Yet he did not want to just cast her off to die, and she would,
  when the need for his blood came. He loved his pet, and there is no doubt to
  him or to me, she tried. But they just were not meant to be a pair. He gave
  her to me, knowing that I was far better suited to her. I will be more apt
  to come up with the correct ways to break her.&quot; 
 'Break her'. The words made his blood run cold. &quot;You're going to hurt
  her, aren't you?&quot; 
 &quot;No, not really. I'm not Azrael. I happen to approve of, and enjoy,
  her quick temper. I like a good fight every now and then. But I will have her;
  she will be mine. Unlike you,&quot; Michael's smile made the world light up, &quot;she
  will fight giving up her total self. Azrael is lenient in that. He's reached
  an age where eccentricity is expected, so his lightness of his hand is overlooked.&quot; 
 &quot;I wouldn't worry about it.&quot; Jason said, grinning. &quot;All you
  have to do is pin her to the bed for a few hours. She'll do anything to stay.&quot; 
 Michael laughed, bending to nip at his nose. &quot;You are-&quot; He froze,
  senses open. 
 &quot;Master?&quot; 
 Vampires, three of them, they had just arrived, and they stood not thirty
  feet away. They studied him, suspicious and curious. 
 He risked a look. The Sire was blond-haired, with gray eyes, about his own
  height. His Brood was an odd pair; a cute young man, who looked even more a
  boy than Jason 
did. With mouse-brown hair, dusky skin, and a nose ring and a tall woman
  with long, flowing, brown hair. Lovely figure, *peace. *   He
  sent to them, softly. *I am here to enjoy the club, nothing more.
  *  
 *Who are you? *   The woman demanded. *You
        are not from here. *  
 *I am Megel. My Sire is Azrael. I am visiting. I will not poach
        on your territory. I am not moving in. *   He moved off
        the dance floor slowly. Jason held tight to his body, away from the three. 
 *You're Azrael's? *   The Sire asked, leading
  the other two over. &quot;Good evening,&quot; he said aloud, bowing slightly
  when he reached Michael. 
 &quot;I was not aware that there would be any Kin here, or I would have
  announced myself.&quot; Michael motioned for Jason to a chair. &quot;I am called
  Michael.&quot; 
 &quot;I'm David. This is Anna, my First-Born, and Joseph.&quot; When Azrael
  came over, he said with respect, &quot;Hello, Elder.&quot; 
 Michael relaxed. These weren't rogues, the castoffs from careless blood.
  This Sire had been trained. It was doubly apparent in his acknowledgment of
  Jason and Morgan. &quot;The two children, they have been marked. I assume they
  have been taken?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes,&quot; Azrael motioned for them to pull up chairs. &quot;This
  is Morgan. She is mine. And that is Jason, Megel's Chosen.&quot; 
 David nodded to both mortals, smiling, his eyes locking with Jason's. &quot;Hello,
  little brother.&quot; Then to Azrael, &quot;Anna and Joseph are my Brood.&quot; 
 There was something familiar about the young Sire's energy. &quot;Who was
  your Sire?&quot; 
 &quot;Sharra.&quot; 
 &quot;Ah,&quot; he nodded. Yes he knew that pattern. &quot;And how is the
  old girl? I have not seen her in over 300 years.&quot; 
 &quot;She lives in Canada now. She mentioned you when I moved here. She
  told me that this was your area, and that I wouldn't have any trouble from
  you as long as I left you alone.&quot; 
 &quot;She was right. I do not hunt for food anymore, so I have no problem
  with you being here, as long as you are neat.&quot; 
 David chuckled. &quot;I have never hunted. But we keep the riffraff out.
  I like this place and won't have trouble.&quot; 
 Looking at the young vampires, Azrael said, &quot;You are quite young to
  have two Fledglings. You seem barely old enough to be out alone.&quot; 
 &quot;I am one hundred and fifty-one,&quot; David said, straightening in
  his chair. 
&quot;I was with Sharra for almost sixteen years before she gave me the gift.
  I was an orphan. She was practically my mother before she changed me. I served
  my time well.&quot; 
 Michael laid a calming hand on David's arm. &quot;Yes. You've been trained
  well. My master was not implying that you were incapable, just noticing that
  you were young.&quot; 
 &quot;Excuse me.&quot; Anna said. This was going to be a long, boring talk
  on the politics of the Undead. &quot;If you would like, these two can go with
  us and dance. Give the three of you time to catch up.&quot; 
 Michael and Azrael looked at David. &quot;Let them play,&quot; the younger
  vampire said. &quot;No harm will come to either. I'm nowhere near your league.
  I'm the least of your worries.&quot; 
 &quot;Go on, you two,&quot; Azrael said, kissing the top of Morgan's head. &quot;Have
  a good time. Adult talk always bores the young.&quot; 
 &quot;Both of you, stay with them,&quot; Michael urged. &quot;If you separate,
  the illusion could be lost.&quot; 
 &quot;Don't take too long.&quot; Jason said, leaning over to kiss Michael. &quot;Master.&quot; 
 Joseph chuckled. &quot;I'm impressed. He's a sweet boy.&quot; He held out
  his hand. &quot;Will you dance with me?&quot; 
 &quot;No, Joey.&quot; Anna pushed Morgan toward him. &quot;This one is still
  very young. I think dancing with me would embarrass her.&quot; 
 &quot;No, it wouldn't.&quot; Morgan blurted before she knew what she was
  saying. &quot;I mean, if you don't mind, I don't.&quot; There was so much she
  wanted to explore. 
 Anna laughed, pulling her into her arms. She draped one over Morgan's shoulder
  before turning back to the table. &quot;Elders,&quot; she said with a nod,
  to Azrael and Michael, &quot;what liberties, if any, are permitted? If the
  song is slow, may we hold them and show our pleasure?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh, the lustiness of youth,&quot; Azrael's voice was low with soft
  amusement. &quot;To be your age, again. My dear, just try not to bump into
  anyone or draw attention to your activities.&quot; 
 &quot;And don't go any farther than they are comfortable,&quot; David warned,
  giving Joseph a meaningful glance. &quot;We don't know how long their lords
  have held them. You might frighten them.&quot; 
 &quot;Of course,&quot; Anna huffed, &quot;Master.&quot; She bent and kissed
  him on the cheek. &quot;This isn't the first pet we've held. You know that.&quot; 
 The sternness in David's face melted, and Michael could see how young this
  one really was. No wonder he struggled so to do everything by the book. Michael
  was certain that both Fledglings' training was extensive. 
 After the young ones left, the three men shifted into relaxed, yet alert,
  states. &quot;Now that the kids have gone off to play,&quot; David said, &quot;greetings
  Elder and Sir. Forgive the challenge, I meant no disrespect.&quot; 
 Michael waved it away. &quot;I was a stranger in your territory, a potential
  threat. You would have been unforgivably lax had you not. And please, forgo
  the formalities, we are out to have a good time. My master named me Megel.&quot; 
 David smiled and relaxed even more. &quot;And mine gave me the name Vincent.&quot; 
 &quot;It suits you better than David.&quot; Azrael commented. 
 &quot;Thank you, but David was the name I was born with. Among mortals,
  it is less painful. Vincent is a name too close to my core for just anyone
  to use.&quot; 
 The Elder vampires nodded in complete understanding. 
 Azrael took up the conversation. &quot;I wish I had known of you sooner.
  Perhaps I am getting odd in my old age, but I would have enjoyed running a
  covenstead. You must come and visit. Stay as long as you wish if you would
  like. Your pets could get to know mine.&quot; 
 Vincent had been taken aback by the open display of friendship. Sharra had
  taught him that their kind was mostly solitary, which was why they took pets
  and passed the blood for companionship and food. Yet, here was an Elder, a
  highly respected Elder, offering his home, offering to open a covenstead, a
  house for the Vampyr. 
 Reading his thoughts, Azrael waved a dismissive hand. &quot;Oh, pooh. Sharra
  and I go way back. Our Sires had the same Sire. We were practically raised
  together. I would be craven indeed if I did not offer my hearth and help to
  her Fledglings. You are allowed to seek out other adults for aid you know,
  just not your Sire.&quot; He grinned. &quot;Besides I have four female pets
  and three of them are complaining that they are not allowed to see enough of
  me to suit them. Morgan has just been taken, so I will be spending most of
  my time with her for a while.&quot; 
 David laughed. &quot;Joseph and I will offer what assistance we can. I'm
  not sure if our pets are what you would consider suitable for your ladies'
  needs, but if you ask, I offer them.&quot; 
 Michael laughed. &quot;Listen to the two of you. You are making plans to
  open a den of iniquity.&quot; 
 Both men turned to look at him. David's eyebrow raised. &quot;And?' 
 &quot;Where are you going with this, Megel?&quot; Azrael finished. 
 &quot;Nowhere, Jason will love it.&quot; He turned to seek out his Chosen. 
 Joseph smiled down at Jason. &quot;You seem nervous. You haven't been dealing
  with our kind for long, have you?&quot; 
 &quot;No. Yesterday was my first time.&quot; He grinned back, glad that
  Joseph had noticed and seemed to understand his feelings. 
 &quot;And your master lets you out of the house already? My, but you are
  good. Your master must be very talented.&quot; 
 Jason nodded grinning. &quot;Sinfully so.&quot; 
 To Joseph's credit, he tried not to laugh, but he only ended up choking
  on his amusement. &quot;I envy your master. You are a doll.&quot; He kissed
  Jason lightly, pulling back a bit to see if Jason would protest. 
 &quot;Hey,&quot; Jason was a little startled by the quick kiss, but he recovered
  quickly. &quot;Where are you going?&quot; His hand reached up to pull Joseph's
  face to his. Okay, so maybe he 'was' gay. 
 Joseph added strength to the protective illusion around them. Now was 'not'   the
  time to draw attention. 
 Jason moaned softly under the kiss. Joseph cupped his ass and ground his
  pelvis slowly against Jason's. &quot;Would your master allow me to take you
  to the side? I won't hurt you.&quot; 
 Jason looked up catching Michael's eye. He wasn't surprised to see his,
  Master watching him. *Yes, pet, go on and enjoy. I know you are
  mine. I'm not jealous. *  
 &quot;I'd like that. He doesn't mind.&quot; His arms wrapped around the
  vampire's neck as they kissed. 
 &quot;Follow me.&quot; They went to the double doors. 
 * * * 
 Morgan watched them leave. &quot;Where are they going?&quot; 
 &quot;Probably to a quiet corner. That boy is too much a temptation for
  Joey.&quot; She hugged her. &quot;How old are you?&quot; 
 &quot;Sixteen.&quot; 
 &quot;How long have you been with your master?&quot; 'This girl
      is very young'  , she thought. 'She must be new'  . 
 &quot;He did it a few hours ago. Jason is my brother. He talked Azrael into
  taking me. So I wouldn't die.&quot; She pointed to her bald scalp. &quot;Brain
  tumor.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh.&quot; Anna laughed with embarrassment. &quot;And here I thought
  you'd done that to your hair because you liked it. You are so pretty like this.
  I never imagined that you were sick.&quot; She looked closely at Morgan. &quot;Though
  now that you have told me, I can see the marks of the illness. Forgive me;
  I'm new to the Vampyr.&quot; 
 &quot;You really think I'm pretty?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. You're adorable. I like it.&quot; She lifted her chin. &quot;Have
  you ever been kissed by a girl, honey?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; Morgan shook her head. &quot;Before tonight, I was a virgin.
  Too sick to be interested in guys.&quot; She was both excited and nervous.
  Would Anna do it; would she kiss her? What would it be like? 
 &quot;Would it bother you if I did?&quot; Anna asked. &quot;Can I take you
  aside, like Joey did your brother?&quot; She stroked Morgan's Cheek. &quot;I'll
  show you something like you've never dreamed of.&quot; 
 Morgan bit her lip. Did she dare? Did Azrael want her to? It had seemed
  to her as though he'd given permission. If she refused, would she be disobedient?
  Or should she accept? She wanted to accept. &quot;I--let me ask.&quot; 
 *Go on pet. *   Azrael's mental laughter sprinkled
  across her mind at her surprise. *I have kept an ear out for you.
  I will be here for you if you need me. Go on and have a good time, you need
  to learn this, anyway. *  
 &quot;And?&quot; Anna urged. She recognized the look of communication. She'd
  worn it often during her first months with David. 
 &quot;No one will see us?&quot; 
 &quot;Not a soul, pet.&quot; The girl was plainly intrigued. &quot;The only
  ones who could see us are our masters. Not even the cameras will pick it up.
  So, will you come with me?&quot; 
 Morgan smiled, nodded, felt a blush cover her cheeks. &quot;I don't know
  anything,&quot; she warned. 
 Anna pulled her close as they headed for the garden. There, bushes and paths
  were arranged to make private little spots. With her illusion, they would be
  as alone as if they were in a bedroom. 
 A few couples were taking advantage of the privacy. They passed Joseph and
  Jason, who hadn't wasted time. Jason, naked, sat on Joseph's lap, impaled on
  his hardness. 
 &quot;I see your little one is as friendly as my new friend,&quot; Anna
  remarked, gently squeezing Morgan. 
 &quot;Yes,&quot; Joseph murmured, running his lips down Jason's spine. &quot;The
  Elders sure know how to train their pets. I envy them this devotion.&quot; 
 &quot;Well, maybe if our master makes nice, we'll have others of our kind
  to socialize with.&quot; She grinned as Joseph thrust up, causing Jason to
  cry out softly. 
 &quot;I'm not hurting you, am I?&quot; Joseph asked, concerned. &quot;Were
  you a virgin last night?&quot; 
 &quot;No, God, no.&quot; Jason didn't want to start thinking how off 'that'   question
  was. &quot;Please.&quot; His whole body stiffened as a firm, cool hand found
  him and began to set up rhythm. 
 &quot;See, your brother is fine,&quot; Anna said, seeing the expression
  on Morgan's face. &quot;Joey would rather die than hurt him. If he did, David
  would probably see to it, personally.&quot; She led Morgan to a bench. &quot;Will
  you sit with me, honey? I won't do anything to scare you. Just tell me if I
  move too fast.&quot; 
 Morgan let Anna pull her onto her lap. &quot;You're gonna--you wanna do
  that--don't you?&quot; Homosexuality had never really bothered her. Jason had
  carefully explained it to her, back when she first found out about his night
  job. But the reality was not what she'd expected. Anticipation, nervousness,
  and excitement mingled. 
 &quot;Only if you say 'yes'  . Would you like that?
  It's different, of course, but very nice.&quot; Anna didn't use her power.
  She tilted Morgan's chin so that she could kiss the girl lightly. &quot;Say, 'yes'  ,
  Morgan. Let me make love to you.&quot; 
 Morgan opened her mouth to Anna's seeking tongue. One of the woman's cool
  hands reached under her blouse, reaching for the back of her bra. &quot;It's
  in the front.&quot; She giggled, helping to unbutton her shirt. 
 &quot;Let me.&quot; Anna caught her hands, kissing them. &quot;Just lay
  here and let me. Promise that you'll tell me if you don't like something. Don't
  be afraid. I've already fed tonight. I won't hurt you.&quot; 
 Morgan froze. &quot;You're a vampire?&quot; She had misunderstood she thought
  that Anna was like her, a pet. She had been wrong. 
 &quot;Yes. I thought I told you.&quot; Would there be a problem? She let
  Morgan sit up. &quot;I'm David's Fledgling, I've only been a vampire for four
  years, but I am one. Does it matter?&quot; 
 &quot;Are you gonna bite me?&quot; 
 &quot;No!&quot; She shook her head forcefully. &quot;Your master would feast
  on my soul if I did, and rightly so. No, baby, I only want to hold you. Nothing
  more I won't, let anything bad happen to you. I promise.&quot; 
 Morgan sighed and relaxed. &quot;Okay.&quot; She leaned back into Anna's
  arms. &quot;I'm okay, now.&quot; 
 &quot;You are so pretty.&quot; Anna finished unbuttoning her blouse. &quot;Poor
  thing; you're skin and bones. I hope that master of yours plan on fattening
  you up.&quot; 
 &quot;He says so.&quot; She looked down as Anna unfastened her bra. Fascinated
  by the hand that gently touched her. It felt different from when Azrael had
  touched her. Not better, not worse, just different. &quot;Can I touch you,
  too?&quot; 
 &quot;Wait. Let me finish my play, first. Then we will explore your new
  interests.&quot; She pulled at the ring gently. &quot;This is pretty, too.&quot; 
 Morgan wanted to agree, but all she could do was moan and hold onto Anna's
  head, as a warm mouth opened to lick and nibble at her breasts. It was wonderful. 
 She lifted her hips freely as Anna struggled to remove her pants. &quot;Stand
  up, baby. Let's get you undressed. I want to see you.&quot; 
 She looked around shyly. &quot;No one?&quot; 
 &quot;Will see us, I assure you. Now come here. You're so pretty. I am glad
  that Azrael saved you. It would be such a waste of beauty to let you die.&quot; The
  girl really was quite lovely, in a delicate way. &quot;You might want to ask
  your master if he would like you to shave this,&quot; she suggested, hand covering
  Morgan's sex. &quot;I find that most men, be they mortal or no, find it to
  be very pleasing.&quot; Anna's kiss was light as she warmed the young mortal
  in her arms, her fingers seeking the sweet warmth as Morgan's thighs parted. &quot;You
  have just become a woman?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes,&quot; Morgan moaned low, as soft, firm, cool fingers found her. 
 &quot;Do you like it? Should I stop?&quot; Anna thrust deep, her thumb zeroing
  in on Morgan's center of pleasure. 
 &quot;Yes, it's, God, Anna.&quot; Morgan's arms wrapped around her, fingers
  twining in the woman's hair as she pulled her face down, kissing with hungry
  want. This was cool; in one night she had been saved; met and belonged to a
  vampire, a real one; lost her virginity; gained a hundred and fifty years,
  and now was getting to explore the other side, too. She'd have to tell Azrael
  how much she liked this, and thank him. 
 Anna wadded Morgan's clothes to make a pillow. &quot;Straddle the bench,
  Morgan. Let me love you.&quot; She leaned down to kiss her, running her hands
  up and down her body. &quot;I'm going to make love to you now, sweetie. Let
  me show you such wonderful things.&quot; 
 Morgan reached out to touch Anna's left breast. The woman wore no bra, and
  she could feel the cool flesh through the thin silk. The nipples hardened under
  her touch. &quot;Hurry.&quot; She wanted to touch her. Azrael had shown her
  how much fun touching was. Her natural desire and curiosity grew stronger. 
 'Gods, she's a treasure'  . Anna was amazed as she
  moved down Morgan's body, making love to the sweet girl's breasts, listening
  with growing pleasure to Morgan's soft whimpers of excitement. She would have
  to beg David to let her find herself a little pet like this. 
 She could taste the remnants of previous sex, but it only added to the moment.
  The child tasted sweet. Her responses were honest as she cried out, begging
  for more, no shyness, no restraint. Yes, she would have to have one of her
  own like this, sweet and innocent. 
 Morgan couldn't believe how if felt. It was so different, yet so much like
  when Azrael had done it. She loved it, but deep in her soul she wished it were
  Azrael making her feel like this, and not the new friend. 
 *Ssshh, *   Azrael sent. *I will
        always make you feel wonderful. Enjoy your time for what it is. Do not
        worry about me. Have fun. *  
 Morgan gasped as every muscle in her body began to tense. She felt herself
  building for release, going higher and higher. She made a, soft, mewing sound
  in the back of her throat, as breathing became hard. 
 Her voice echoed through the night as the point broke and the ecstasy slammed
  back down into her body. Hands clutched at Anna's hair as her body throbbed
  and pulsated in wild abandon. 
 Anna held on, tongue flicking fast and hard against her clitorisorisoris,
  fingers thrusting with frantic rhythm. The child was so open her pleasure so
  incredibly complex. After she left tonight, she knew two men who were in serious
  danger of rape. 
 &quot;Please--&quot; The build and release came faster, one following hard
  on the other. The pleasure became sweet pain. She loved it, wanted it, but
  it was too much. &quot;Oh, 'please'  !&quot; 
 Anna slowed, opening her mouth to capture the tender flesh with her teeth,
  refusing to just pull away. She could feel the little girl sobbing beneath
  her. &quot;You are so sweet.&quot; She kissed her throbbing sex softly before
  moving up to kiss her. &quot;Are you all right? Ssshh, why the tears? I didn't
  hurt you, did I?&quot; She fussed. &quot;Tell me. You should have told me.
  I would have stopped.&quot; 
 &quot;No--oh--no.&quot; Morgan blushed. &quot;It--it was wonderful. It just--there,
  at the end, I--I wanted to lose myself in it, but it was too much.&quot; 
 &quot;You should beg your master to tie you down and take you to the final
  point. I believe you would like that.&quot; Her skin was so soft. Anna really
  did envy the Elder this pet. &quot;Thank you, sweetheart. I enjoyed myself
  greatly.&quot; 
 &quot;But you didn't,&quot; how could she be satisfied now? 
 &quot;Not yet. I hoped you would be willing to love me, too.&quot; Now they
  were in new territory. It was one thing to allow this to happen, but to actively
  take part? 
 &quot;I'm not real good. I don't know how.&quot; Morgan pulled Anna's blouse
  from her skirt. &quot;I've never--&quot; 
 &quot;Nonsense.&quot; Anna removed her blouse. &quot;I found you quite marvelous.
  Honest desire is so much more important than skill, Morgan. Skill can be taught,
  but desire and want? That, my dear, must come naturally. Just do what you want,
  what you think would feel good. I have faith in you.&quot; 
 Morgan was fascinated by the size of Anna's nipples, by her breasts. She
  ran her hands over them, sucked hard, using her mouth and her jaw muscles.
  Azrael's nipples had been tiny, the breasts flat with muscle, but these were
  wonderfully huge. She could latch onto one and feel it harden in her mouth. 
 She was on fire. She wanted this, so badly. Her fingers fought with Anna's
  buckle as she finished undressing her new lover. 
 Anna cried out as Morgan's mouth covered hers. The girl was wild. She 'did'   want
  this. There was no doubt in Anna's mind now, as she attacked her with one intent
  and one only; to see her taken down the same path that she had so recently
  been led. 
 It was unlike anything Morgan had ever thought. The scent was erotic, causing
  her groin to spasm again. The taste was without comparison. She licked greedily,
  sucking on the swollen pleasure point as her fingers slid in. She hoped that
  Azrael's other pets were into this. She would love to be able to explore this
  to its fullest. 
 Anna rode the waves out, lost in the wonderful feelings that had been gifted
  her. &quot;Enough, baby.&quot; She pulled her away. &quot;Come here.&quot; 
 &quot;You liked it, didn't you?&quot; She pinned her down, kissing her. &quot;I
  heard you.&quot; 
 &quot;Liked it, baby? Your master is indeed fortunate above any other. You
  were wonderful. I am honored that you gave yourself to me and were willing
  to gift me with your first. I strongly hope that it won't be our last.&quot; 
 &quot;Me, too.&quot; 
 A rustle caught their attention. &quot;Are you two finished?&quot; Joseph
  asked as he and Jason stepped around the bend. Jason was still locked in his
  arms. &quot;I haven't heard you respond like that in a while.&quot; 
 &quot;I enjoyed myself immensely.&quot; She drew Morgan close. &quot;As
  did you.&quot; Then she grinned at Joseph. &quot;I seriously need a man right
  about now. I'm sure my sweet one here does too. Is the boy any good?&quot; 
 &quot;Is that so, sweetheart?&quot; Joseph knelt in front of Morgan. &quot;Do
  you want me to ease your needs, or do you plan to run to your master for that?&quot; His
  smile was soft. &quot;Or maybe you'd prefer Jason, you know him.&quot; 
 She shook her head. &quot;He's my brother.&quot; 
 &quot;Oops. Forget I suggested that. Do you want us to take you back, now?&quot; 
 &quot;I'm sorry, but...&quot; 
 &quot;It's okay, honey,&quot; Anna gave her another hug. &quot;Here, let's
  get dressed. Naturally you want your master now. This is still all so new for
  you.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Azrael welcomed Morgan into his arms as she pulled close. &quot;I felt your
  pleasure, pet. I enjoyed it.&quot; He kissed her. &quot;Ssshh, it is all right,
  I'm here.&quot; 
 David looked at his two. &quot;Azrael has offered us his house. He will
  open a covenstead. How do you two feel about that?&quot; 
 &quot;I'm for it, if he doesn't mind all of us.&quot; Joseph smiled at Jason. &quot;I
  personally would like to see how they train. You should have seen this boy.&quot; 
 &quot;Are you ready to go, pet?&quot; Michael smiled down at Jason. &quot;Or
  do you want to stay and dance some more?&quot; 
 &quot;Go home.&quot; He nuzzled Michael's neck. &quot;Pin you to a bed and
  rape you.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh, my. I've created a monster.&quot; Michael loved it. &quot;Will
  you three ride with us? Once you know where it is, you can walk the Dark Paths
  to get your belongings.&quot; 
 &quot;Are you sure of this, Elder? It is an honor for sure, but do you truly
  wish to open your lair?&quot; David wanted to make sure. 
 &quot;I offered it, did I not? I am of the age where there are damn few
  who would try to force anything on me. There is a small few that are older
  and more powerful. But, unlike foolish renegades, we avoid crossing each other.&quot; 
 &quot;Well,&quot; David said, &quot;they didn't cross my lines twice. Sharra
  lent me her strength when I first came here. I used it to clean up the lowlifes
  from my,&quot; he stammered a bit. &quot;Your territory, I fed well for a while.&quot; 
CHAPTER 8 
 Morgan rode beside Azrael in the limousine, head against his chest. David
  was on the seat to her right. Anna and Joseph were in the back with Michael
  and Jason. She was tired, but happy, and wanted to stay where she was, close
  to her master. 
 &quot;I will not put you to bed, yet, precious. I know how upsetting all
  this is at the beginning. You can rest in my lap while we talk. I shall not
  send you away till morning, and I must seek my own bed.&quot; Azrael kept a
  close ear out for her needs and emotions. She was still sick, regardless of
  his blood, and needed pampering. He had given Megel and Jason his word that
  he would care for her, and care for her he would. 
 &quot;I love you,&quot; she said in a tiny voice as she snuggled closer. 
 &quot;Are all your pets so free?&quot; David watched the display, openly
  jealous. &quot;Would you show me how you do this? Mine are mine because it's
  either death or me. Yours are yours.&quot; 
 &quot;I make them completely mine. She is completely mine heart, body and
  soul. You have to break them first. The blood helps, but you have to force
  the issue.&quot; 
 &quot;How so?&quot; 
 &quot;I train my pets. They will do anything I tell them to. They do not
  enjoy facing my displeasure. For a month or so, I chain them while I sleep.
  It helps to drive home the message that I own them. I am gentle and kind. Even
  in punishment, I forgive them and take them back. They respond well.&quot; 
 &quot;You're gonna chain me?&quot; Morgan asked, scared. 
 &quot;Only one wrist. I believe you are my pet, precious. But until the
  domination is complete and your soul is mine as well as your body, I remove
  temptation. Don't be afraid, my darling. It does not hurt. I will not chain
  you until I go to my rest, and will release you upon my rising.&quot; 
 She lay back down again. Begging would do no good; she would be chained,
  anyway. The thought was a weird one. She was afraid, of course, yet also excited.
  She would be held captive, chained to a bed, and she couldn't get away. It
  was almost like one of those cheap bodice-rippers she read. 
 Azrael smiled. She would be such fun, learning all her desires and exploring
  her fantasies. &quot;Rest against me, darling. Tell me, did you enjoy yourself
  as much as I think you did?&quot; 
 She blushed as she smiled. &quot;I, yeah, it was really fun. I didn't know
  it would be like that. If I'd have known how much fun it was, I'd have been
  chasing guys and girls at twelve.&quot; 
 &quot;Be glad you are sixteen. Younger and you would have been too young
  for me to take. Your age is part of what saved your life. I am glad I was gifted
  with your innocence. I would have missed it greatly if it had been given to
  another.&quot; He felt possessive of her. For the first time, he felt possessive
  of a pet. 'It must be her virginity'  . Nothing else about
  her was any different from his other ladies. It had to be her near-total innocence
  and naivet&eacute;. 
 'Have I found my next Childe'  ? He wondered. 
 Jason liked being in Michael's lap. It felt so safe, and he knew it was
  no hardship for his powerful master. He had been telling Michael what he and
  Joseph had done. Noticing that his master liked to be told these things, he
  whispered all the things he wanted his master to do. &quot;Please, I want it
  to hurt, I want to feel you like earlier. I want to belong to you,&quot; he
  finished breath, hot on Michael's cheek. 
 Michael looked at Anna and Joseph. &quot;Forgive me for being a poor host,
  but as soon as I get this one home.&quot; He trailed off and grinned at Jason. 
 &quot;His mouth has gotten his ass in trouble again, I see.&quot; Joseph
  chuckled. He had suspected as much about Jason. &quot; 'Poor host'  ,
  nah. Don't worry about it. I've seen how good your boy is. I understand completely.&quot; 
 &quot;When we get home,&quot; Michael said in a low, cold voice, &quot;I'll
  take you Jason. Remember that. I'll tie you down to the bed and make you know
  who your master is.&quot; With those words, he flipped Jason over and spanked
  him, just hard enough for him to feel it. 
 Jason cried softly. It was the most stimulating thing he'd ever felt. &quot;Master,&quot; he
  sobbed, giving Michael the tearful response he wanted. 
 &quot;Yes, I am going to make you completely mine,&quot; Michael continued,
  rubbing Jason's ass before spanking him harder. With each blow, his, own, needs
  rose. 
 David had watched, impressed. He turned back around and said to Azrael, &quot;Break
  them completely, huh? This is going to be fun. I have seven, six males and
  one female. I believe I am going to enjoy this.&quot; 
 &quot;If you wish, I will help you. We all will. If you do this correctly,
  you will have them eating freely out of your hand within a fortnight.&quot; 
 &quot;Thank you again, Elder. Living with so many young ones, I forget what
  it is like to deal with one of the ancient ones.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Azrael's three met him at the front door. Maria spoke first. &quot;Is that
  her, love? Oh, poor thing.&quot; The women clustered around Morgan as they
  entered the front hall. 
 &quot;Yes, my dear. Morgan, this is Maria. She is my first pet and in charge
  of my home. Those two are Jenna and Valerie, they are your sisters now.&quot; 
 Jenna wrapped an arm around Morgan. &quot;Master, she is tiny. She needs
  to rest and build up her strength.&quot; 
 &quot;I agree. I turn her over to you three during the day. Make sure she
  eats well and take her out for some sun. Not off the property, the back yard,
  and on a leash. She must be chained for a while, but she also needs sun and
  fresh air.&quot; 
 &quot;Master,&quot; Maria drew Michael's attention with a light touch. &quot;Nikki--I
  mean, Amber--is in her room, heartbroken. May she come out, now?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes,&quot; he reached out, gently, with his mind. *Pet,
        I am home. You can come out, now. *  
 &quot;Maria,&quot; Azrael said, &quot;this is Vincent. He goes by his human
  name of David. He and his Fledglings, Anna and Joseph, are coming to stay here.
  They will be bringing seven half-trained pets with them. We are opening a covenstead,
  you girls will get the company you so crave.&quot; 
 &quot;Master,&quot; she curtsied to David. 
 &quot;Hello, Maria. We won't be a danger to you.&quot; 
 &quot;I know that. My master cares for me well.&quot; She smiled. More vampires, 'male'   vampires,
  maybe now she'd get the attention she needed. With Morgan here, not even her
  place as first would get her more than a few minutes of Azrael's time every
  now and then, at least for a while. 
 They went to the stairs that led down. Morgan had seen a two-story house
  before they entered. Did Azrael live in the basement? She entertained a brief,
  amusing picture of a basement done up like a vampire's castle, then banished
  it. He probably had a complete house downstairs for himself. 
 Another short hall, and a beautifully made wooden door, that opened onto
  a lush, expensive room. 
 Morgan would admit that she wouldn't know Chippendale from Chip and Dale,
  but the place looked expensive. Cream walls, walnut molding along the ceiling,
  walnut baseboards, wooden armoires, sideboards, cupboards, display cases full
  of crystal, glassware, and china, a wood floor with an Oriental carpet in blues,
  reds and greens. The carpet pattern didn't look anything like the ones sold
  in stores. &quot;Cool,&quot; she approved. 
 &quot;Master.&quot; Amber stepped shyly into the room. She would be good.
  She would be very good. Then she saw the newcomers. &quot;Who are they?" 
 Michael let her draw closer to him. &quot;This is Vincent, but he prefers
  David. These are his Brood, Anna and Joseph.&quot; He smiled down at her, his
  smile freezing when he saw her face. 
 No, he hadn't! She hadn't had a chance to prove herself. 
 &quot;Amber?&quot; He asked softly. Then, &quot;Nikki?&quot; 
 &quot;Please,&quot; she begged, pressing so close that she lost her footing.
  He tried to hold her up. &quot;Please, Master, I'm sorry.&quot; Her voice rose,
  drawing attention. &quot;Don't do this. What did I do wrong?&quot; 
 Michael tried to get her to stand up so that he could look her in the face,
  but she refused to let go. &quot;What? Baby calm down. What are you talking
  about?&quot; 
 She looked at David in horror. &quot;Please don't send me away, again, Master.
  I'll be good; I'll do better. What did I do, Michael? You haven't even given
  me a chance. I'll be good. I'll love you.&quot; 
 David looked like he'd been hit. &quot;What is she talking about, Michael?&quot; 
 &quot;Wait a bit, my friend.&quot; Michael gathered Amber up and guided
  her to the couch. &quot;Amber, precious, David is not here for you. He and
  his are guest's here, nothing more. Azrael is opening a covenstead. I just
  accepted you, pet. What possible reason would I have for throwing you out?
  Trust me, Amber, trust me.&quot; 
 &quot;They're not here for me?&quot; She began to relax. &quot;I'm sorry,
  I just thought since Azrael forced me on you, that you'd found someone.&quot; 
 &quot;Azrael didn't force you on me, Amber. He asked if I would have you.
  I accepted. I didn't have to, but I wanted to.&quot; She sighed under his kiss,
  gave in to his advances. &quot;Neither you or Jason are getting much rest,
  tonight. When you go to your rest in the morning, you'll be happy 
 Household crisis averted, Azrael noted. &quot;David, you know where we are.
  How long will it take you to move?&quot; 
 &quot;Less than an hour. We're still living out of suitcases.&quot; He smiled
  apologetically. &quot;I am still trying to gather enough money for our own
  house.&quot; He hugged Anna. &quot;I've just contacted Aaron. He is starting
  to pack.&quot; 
 &quot;Good, I am anxious to see you settled. I will be here when you return.
  Just come right on in, but please announce your coming so that my new one is
  not frightened by your sudden appearance.&quot; 
 Valerie made fussing noises over Morgan. &quot;Azrael,&quot; she chided, &quot;that
  child should be in bed. She's worn out, can't you see that?&quot; 
 David, choose to politely disappear at that moment. &quot;We will return.&quot; 
 &quot;Valerie,&quot; Azrael said, &quot;I am not going to chain her, yet.
  She can rest in my lap. I have been doing this for much longer than you, and
  do not appreciate your criticism.&quot; His tone was dark. 
 She dropped to her knees. &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; 
 Azrael looked down at her, silent for a moment. &quot;I have been remiss
  in my duties to my ladies. It has become obvious that without constant attention
  and handling you all begin to develop a sharpness of tongue that I do not care
  for. I will see that something is done to keep you all sated and in line. For
  now, however, I am going to see if I can convince Megel to let his two enjoy
  themselves in my sight.&quot; 
 &quot;Jay, Amber?&quot; Michael smiled. It would be nice, a pleasant diversion. &quot;Will
  you perform for us?&quot; 
 Jason nodded freely. As though in front of Azrael was so much different
  than in the back seat of the car. Amber blushed but said yes. It wasn't the
  first time that he had asked to watch as she pleasured one of her sister pets. 
 &quot;Is performing for you all we're allowed to do?&quot; Jason asked,
  taking step towards Azrael. &quot;Master, wouldn't it be better if we performed 'on'   you?&quot; 
 What, a, temptation, &quot;perhaps that can be arranged. Let us see how
  my little one here holds up.&quot; He stroked Morgan's head. It would not be
  long before she was completely his. He would do a double nightly feeding, to
  speed her along. 
 Michael took a comfortable position on the couch. Azrael sat in his favorite
  chair, Morgan in his lap. 
 Amber was not going to be easy to bring over to him, Michael thought. She
  still suffered because of what she saw as abandonment. He would have to break
  her to his hand. To do so, he would have to be much harder than his Sire had
  been. But he would have to be careful. He wanted to break her to him, but he
  could break her totally if he wasn't cautious. He did not enjoy the thought. &quot;Amber,
  Jason, take off your clothes,&quot; he ordered, keeping his voice pleasant. &quot;Amber,
  during your retraining you will not be allowed clothing in the house.&quot; He
  checked her soft cry of protest. &quot;'And' you will stop protesting my orders.
  You will now be required to make yourself available to any and all within the
  walls of this house. It is time you learned humility, young lady.&quot; She
  flinched, but made no sound. 
 *Should I do the same? *   Jason could see how
  much it bothered her, and hoped that she wouldn't feel singled out if he also
  had to go naked. *Please, Master, if you can hear me, let me do
  this. It will be easier on her. *  
 Michael smiled at him, nodding pleased with his Chosen's forethought. *Yes,
        Chosen. Both of you, during your initial training, I want to see you
        both willing to follow any order I give.*  
 &quot;Thank you.&quot; Jason wasn't ashamed of his body. His manhood was
  proud and hard already. 
 &quot;Take her. Lay her on the floor, and seduce her. Show Amber how much
  of a darling you are. Share your love.&quot; 
 &quot;Don't be afraid,&quot; he told Amber, taking her into his arms. &quot;I
  won't hurt you. We share a master. Let's be friends.&quot; 
 She looked pleadingly at Azrael. How could Azrael have done this to her?
  She would have done anything for him. &quot;Please,&quot; she begged, pushing
  Jason away, &quot;don't do this.&quot; 
 Now was not the time to chastise her, Michael knew. It was all so new. &quot;Amber,
  precious,&quot; he said gently, &quot;you're going to be sharing a room with
  Jason for a while. Don't you think it would be easier to accept if you knew
  you were safe?&quot; 
 She didn't want to be safe with him. She wanted Azrael back, but she knew
  he'd not have her. She was too much a trial for him, had driven him away with
  her willfulness. &quot;Okay.&quot; She dropped her arms. Fighting was useless. 
 Jason laughed at her. &quot;Thanks, Amber. Make me feel real wanted, why
  don't you. You're the first girl I ever made it with who protested.&quot; 
 His humor helped a little. She sat on the floor with him. &quot;I'm sure
  your ego will survive.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, but it's gonna be bruised. You want to be responsible for that?&quot; He
  lay her down and straddled her. &quot;Oh, the rejection! I might never recover.&quot; 
 Amber looked up at him, giggling. She couldn't help it. He was really quite
  nice. At least, if she was forced to share herself with someone, he was nice.
  She studied his erection. Would it be like it was with Azrael or Michael? Michael
  had been the first man to touch her since Azrael had saved her from death. 
 She licked her lips. &quot;Come here.&quot; She reached out, tugging him
  forward as she scooted down. If they wanted to be entertained, then by God,
  she'd give them what they wanted. And she didn't care if both of them heard
  every thought she had. 
 Jason watched, stunned, as her head came up, her mouth taking him into her. &quot;Oh.&quot; He
  thrust into the wonderful warmth. &quot;Yes. Harder, baby, go on.&quot; 
 Azrael chuckled. As much at Amber's thoughts, as at Jason's whole-hearted
  response, &quot;I must say, Megel, he is a physical one is he not?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, I am very fortunate. No cringing, blushing virgin.&quot; 
 Morgan raised her head from Azrael's shoulder. &quot;I resent that.&quot; She
  pouted a little, lips pulled together. &quot;Was I a cringing, simpering, wuss?&quot; 
 &quot;No, sweet, you were wonderful,&quot; Azrael placated. &quot;I was
  pleased with your open, honest enjoyment. Never doubt that. Now rest. It has
  been a busy night for you.&quot; 
 &quot;I don't wanna go to sleep, Azrael. I want to stay with you.&quot; 
 &quot;Who said you were leaving? I promised you would be with me till the
  sun's rising, but if you do not rest, my other pets are going to make a fuss.
  Close your eyes, Morgan, take a nap.&quot; 
 &quot;It must run in the family.&quot; Michael laughed openly as he watched
  Amber blow his Chosen. Yes, they would do fine as soon as they became used
  to all the changes. 
 &quot;Baby,&quot; Jason's said, voice tight, &quot;I'm gonna,&quot; the
  heat took him. 
 She swallowed greedily, fingers squeezing his balls, trying to drain every
  drop. 
 &quot;I'm gonna make you scream,&quot; he promised, voice hot in her ear
  as he pinned 
her beneath him. &quot;Lock your fingers in my hair, and let me have you.&quot; The
  kiss was brutal, passions high. 
 &quot;Yes!&quot; She gasped, as teeth sank into a nipple, not hard, wonderfully
  firm, without pain. Her body came alive under his, his hands and mouth seeking
  to pull her into his pleasure. 
 Her cry sounded through the room as Jason's mouth locked onto her clitorisoris,
  teeth pulling hard, adding pain to the pleasure as her hips bucked upward encouraging
  him. 
 &quot;Please.&quot; It hurt. He was almost brutal. But she wouldn't ask
  him to stop. Nothing could make her push him away. Pain or no, this was heaven. 
 &quot;Up.&quot; He pulled away. &quot;On your knees, baby.&quot; He pulled
  her hard against him, hands forcing her knees apart. She was so wet as he slid
  in. &quot;Have you ever,&quot; he asked, &quot;been fucked in the ass, before?&quot; Her
  cry of denial as he thrust was all the answer he needed. Azrael had never done
  it. &quot;Master,&quot; he asked, looking at Michael, &quot;let me. Please.&quot; 
 &quot;No, Chosen. Leave that for me. But please, finish your play. You both
  seem to be having such a wonderful time.&quot; 
 Amber sighed. He wouldn't do that. She didn't know how long a reprieve she
  had been granted, but Jason couldn't do it now. 
 Then all thought left her again, as fingers found her sex and stoked her
  in time with his thrusts. 
 Azrael was so caught up in Jason and Amber's play that the soft touch on
  his mind startled him. *Elder, may we enter? *   David
  asked. 
 *Yes, come. *   He looked down at Morgan. She
  had fallen asleep. They would not startle her. &quot;Michael, they come.&quot; 
 Coldness filled the room and a crowd of people appeared. 
 &quot;Oops.&quot; Anna giggled at the obvious interruption. 
 Jason froze, arms locked tightly around Amber. He looked questioningly at
  Michael. 
 &quot;Go on, pet. They live here now. Finish your play.&quot; 
 David grinned at Jason and Amber. &quot;Did we come at a bad time?&quot; 
 &quot;No, not at all. We were just enjoying some erotic amusement. It is
  another plus of having so many pets in the house.&quot; Azrael's eyes scanned
  the mortals behind the vampires. &quot;I must say, Vincent, they look terrible.&quot; 
 &quot;I have to keep then in this state. If I let them remain as healthy
  as yours I would end up hurting them in their struggles. As, is I don't dare
  feed from them as much as I need, what with Joey's hunger and mine. If it weren't
  for Anna being able to hunt, so that I could feed off of her, I'd probably
  be insane now.&quot; He shrugged. &quot;This way they're docile. There are
  several that refuse to accept the facts, still.&quot; 
 &quot;Get rid of them.&quot; Azrael advised. He rose and set Morgan in the
  chair. She curled up, reassured by his smile, and promptly dozed back off. &quot;You
  can choose more pets, so can this sweet sister, and train them correctly. If
  you need more because of you age, we will work something out. I have not had
  a working bond with Kin since my last left me. You will not need as much that
  way.&quot; 
 &quot;You what?&quot; He pulled back, yanking both Anna and Joseph behind
  him. 
 Michael came to his feet, ready to step between the Fledglings and his Sire. 
 &quot;Oh, please,&quot; Azrael said, and waved him back. &quot;If I had
  wanted you as slaves, do you seriously think you would have stood a chance
  against me? Or that Sharra would do more than fuss at me? I'm serious about
  opening a covenstead. I only offered a blood-bond to help with the dire situation
  you have gotten yourself in. I will not have these animals in my home the way
  they are. They will distress my girls.&quot; 
 &quot;Master,&quot; Anna laid a hand on his arm. &quot;He's got a point.
  The three of us, combined, couldn't even slow him down.&quot; 
 &quot;You're mine.&quot; He hissed. &quot;I made you, I mastered you. You
  are mine. No-one will take you from me.&quot; 
 Michael moved like lightning across the room and grabbed the vampire by
  the throat. &quot;If my master or I had wanted your Children, we would have
  taken them already. You are in his territory, and as senior Kin, he could.
  Now back down, boy, and think, before your mouth gets you killed.&quot; 
 &quot;Stop it.&quot; Anna jumped Michael, trying to dislodge his grasp. 
 &quot;No!&quot; Jason's voice echoed as he leaped into the fray. He didn't
  understand anything that had been said, but this bitch wasn't going to jump
  his master, not two against one. 
 Azrael caught him before he could reach them. &quot;No, boy. Back away.
  Your master is in no danger. That Childe is not even enough of a nuisance to
  draw his attention.&quot; He held Jason, honestly pleased that the boy was
  willing to defend his master. &quot;Now, if everyone would kindly calm down,
  we will continue this conversation. Megel let him go. He is on edge right now,
  and rightly so.&quot; 
 Michael released David, and reached around to pull Anna of his back. &quot;Hello,
  pretty one, did you want my attention?&quot; He smiled, fangs showing plainly. 
 &quot;Megel.&quot; Azrael's tone was firm. &quot;Let the girl go.&quot; 
 The room was silent as Michael returned to his seat, arms open motioning
  Jason and Amber to come to him. 
 &quot;So, are we calm now?&quot; Azrael settled in his chair again, pulling
  Morgan against him. 
 &quot;I meant no disrespect.&quot; David was quick on his feet. His life
  hung in the balance now. He had challenged not one Elder, but two. 
 &quot;My dear boy, if I had thought you were seriously challenging me, it
  would have been my fingers around your throat, not my First-Born's. Now sit.
  Let us see if we can talk this through like rational beings, rather than silly
  children playing 'King of the Mountain'  . 
 &quot;I agree.&quot; David turned to the seven behind him. &quot;Down,&quot; he
  pointed to 
the floor. Six sat immediately scared into compliance by the added vampires.
  But one, a boy with dark hair and eyes, braved his master's stare. &quot;Go
  on, Aaron, sit, baby.&quot; David reached out to stroke the boy's cheek. &quot;Live
  or die tonight, I won't let them hurt you.&quot; This was the only one of the
  lot that he really cared about. The only one who didn't resist him at every
  turn. 
 &quot;So you 'do'   know how to encourage loyalty.&quot; Azrael's
  tone was pleased as he turned into the gracious host, motioning for them to
  sit across from him. &quot;You are just young, don't feel too badly about the
  others. These two are fine examples. You have done well with them. You are
  just too lenient on your pets.&quot; 
 &quot;What do you plan, Elder?&quot; David asked, returning to the subject
  at hand. 
 &quot;Nothing, absolutely nothing, I have no need for your service. I have
  four sweet pets that see to my needs quite well, but what of you? You can not
  hope to keep up with the needs of your office. Each pet you add, along with
  your Younglings, means you loose a little more control. Will you listen to
  my suggestion? It is only a suggestion, not a requirement. As I said, I do
  not need your life's service.&quot; David nodded. &quot;Good. Now I assume
  at your age, you're still feeding nightly, correct?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;And those two, the girl has been able to fend for herself?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, most of the time. She still needs a phenomenal amount of blood.
  Twice the amount she needed when she fed from me, even more because I am feeding
  off of her as well.&quot; 
 &quot;How many pets have you killed?&quot; 
 &quot;I loose, on average, one or two a month.&quot; 
 &quot;That bad?&quot; Azrael clucked. &quot;Very well, this is the offer
  I make you. Your Fledglings are yours of course. The boy could not survive
  another's blood right now. The girl, once you stop feeding from her, should
  be able to survive on her hunts, or pets, if she chooses. You the same, if
  you are willing to bond with me. I am like your master, a true Elder. Rid yourself
  of these pitiful excuses for pets and choose two or three others that are tractable
  and sweet. Between them and a nightly sharing with me, you should be able to
  control yourself and care for the boy without the dark fear I see in your eyes.
  Killing disturbs you.&quot; 
 &quot;And in return?&quot; David looked at Joseph. It was becoming harder
  and harder to feed him and keep up with his own needs. 
 &quot;Oh, the usual one hundred years service. Call me 'Master'  .
  Accept my will. Nothing too great for one who will see eon's.&quot; 
 &quot;And Sharra?&quot; 
 &quot;Will come to terms with it. I am older than she, and not your Sire.
  This practice of a Fledgling running off, completely alone from all Kin, is
  a new one. Flee your Sire of course, but it was always my impression that once
  a newly freed adult, you should seek out an older vampire as advisor, or mentor.
  I did, Megel did, all the Elders I know of did.&quot; He smiled. &quot;After
  all, what good is being an Elder if you can not enjoy some of the benefits;
  children that you are not truly responsible for; youngling's that you can send
  away if they get on your nerves too badly. If you wish, Vincent, you can say
  no. The offer of sanctuary is still open, as long as you avoid bringing danger
  to my home, and never hurt one of my pets.&quot; 
 David looked around him. If he stayed here, claimed sanctuary, would he
  be able to keep from killing one of the mortals here? Would his tendency to
  kill his own bring danger to his Kin? But was he willing to bow again. He'd
  been a slave for over one hundred years. Was the offer worth it? &quot;And
  you will leave Lilith and Cain alone?&quot; He asked, indicating Anna and Joseph. 
 &quot;Unless they violate the rules, they are not my concern. But warning;
  keep, your Brood in line.&quot; 
 David ran a hand through his hair. &quot;I'm not worried about that.&quot; He
  glanced at his group. &quot;And them, do I have to sacrifice all of them?&quot; 
 &quot;No, only the ones that you do not want. They cannot all be unredeemable.&quot; 
 That was true. He reached for his favorite. &quot;Aaron, come here, baby.&quot; 
 &quot;Master?&quot; Unlike several of the others, he hadn't found slavery
  to be a great hardship. He had learned quickly that the most difficult ones
  didn't last more than a month or two. He had no intentions of dying any time
  soon, so he bent willingly. 
 David caressed the line of Aaron's jaw. He had come so close, more than
  once, to killing him. Of them all, this boy was the one it would really hurt
  to ose. &quot;Sweet-heart, you don't know,, you have no idea, how close I have
  come to killing you.&quot; He felt the boy tremble at his touch. 
 &quot;Do you need my life, Master? Are you going to kill me?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; David hissed, dropping his hand. &quot;Others have died
  to keep me from you. I could never hurt you. Anyone but you.&quot; It was decided,
  and he knew it. He couldn't take care of Joseph any other way. He'd already
  killed too often, once even come close to taking Anna's life. &quot;No, Aaron,
  I don't want you to die. I'm entirely too fond of you for that.&quot; 
 &quot;And us?&quot; The speaker was a black-haired man in his twenties.
  Hate filled his face and voice. &quot;You're going to kill us aren't you, been
  planning it.&quot; 
 &quot;Silence!&quot; David commanded, leaping to his feet. &quot;You--you
  are food. You had your chance, Mark. All of you did. You resisted; refused
  to be mine.&quot; 
 &quot;I'll kill you.&quot; Mark promised his voice cold. &quot;Know that,
  you damned monster. One of us is going to die tonight.&quot; He'd had enough.
  He wasn't going to let that freak, touch, him again. 
 &quot;So be it.&quot; He turned to Azrael. &quot;A gift, Master. I wouldn't
  touch him if I were starving, and the only other was my favorite here. Feed
  well, Master his life is forfeit tonight.&quot; 
 &quot;Accepted. The others?&quot; 
 David looked at them. &quot;Billy?&quot; A small blond boy looked up at
  him, a trapped expression on his face. Mind-killing terror emanated from him. &quot;You've
  been fighting me for a week. Which way do you go? Will you be good now, or
  do you want to follow Mark and his idiocy?&quot; 
 The boy looked from Mark to the vampire. A week ago, he'd been a runaway, 
with no life or anyone to miss him. David's offer of a bed and food in exchange
  for sex had looked like a lifesaver. It wasn't until David had taken him home
  that he'd discovered the true meaning of the offer. He'd been struggling against
  it ever since. But now he had a choice, live or die. &quot;I don't wanna die,&quot; he
  whimpered. 
 &quot;Will you stay with me? Will you stop fighting us?' 
 &quot;You gonna bite me again?&quot; 
 Azrael cleared his throat. &quot;Vincent, far be it for me to tell you how
  to keep your pets, but I have noticed that none of these chattel are bonded
  to you.&quot; 
 &quot;Of course not. I don't intend to give them the gift.&quot; 
 &quot;You do not have to. But your blood would be an incentive. It grants
  them many years of youth. I have discovered that the promise of a century and
  a half of health and beauty, makes, them more agreeable. Bonding also helps
  them to recover after each feeding. You can feed from a bonded pet every two
  or three days, instead of every ten with an un-bonded one--unless you want
  to kill them.&quot; 
 David looked stunned. &quot;'Bond' with them?&quot; 
 &quot;The ones you would keep, yes. It links them to you, makes their will
  much more obedient. Mine would never dream of disobeying me; they are too much
  a part of me.&quot; 
 Such a simple solution, yet he had never thought of it. It did explain the
  others in Sharra's service. He wondered why Sharra had never pointed it out
  to him, or had she and he not been aware? 
 He looked at Billy. The boy had reacted more out of fear than, anything,
  else. What the others would do if granted a further century didn't bear consideration. &quot;Billy,
  will you join Aaron and stay with me?&quot; 
 The boy was near tears. &quot;I'll be good, I promise David, please don't
  kill me.&quot; 
 &quot;I won't. Come and sit by Aaron.&quot; He looked at the other five.
  Mark glowered back. &quot;We'll feed well tonight, Master.&quot; 
 &quot;So decided. Megel, if you permit, let Amber take our pets out. They
  do not need to see this. It will not take long.&quot; 
 &quot;You two go with them.&quot; David told Billy and Aaron. &quot;You
  too, Cain, I'll feed you again soon, okay.&quot; 
 Michael quite purposely refrained from showing his fangs as he smiled down
  at her. &quot;Amber, go take those two, see about getting them a snack. I'll
  call you soon.&quot; 
 Amber nodded. She had no desire to watch. She'd seen Azrael kill before. 
 Joseph misinterpreted her fear. &quot;It's all right. I won't hurt you,&quot; he
  soothed. &quot;My master would have my ass, if yours didn't first.&quot; 
CHAPTER 9 
 When the door was closed, Azrael rose and went to the five. He looked at
  the big, dark-haired one. &quot;His name is Mark?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, Master. The worst of my lot, I've let others die because I couldn't
  stand to touch him. A more arrogant, vicious bastard you'll never meet.&quot; David
  would have spat, but manners were hard to break once they had been drilled
  into your head for over a century. &quot;I try to take my food from the dregs
  of society, but I never realized how low some humans can go.&quot; 
 Resentment, anger and unacknowledged fear burned in Mark's eyes. Black hair,
  brown eyes. With high cheekbones and an aquiline nose worthy of a Native American.
  But those broad shoulders and rounded muscles were of European decent. &quot;Mark,
  come here.&quot; 
 &quot;Go to hell.&quot; 
 Oh, what a will, and what a delightful lack of remorse. &quot;You will quickly
  discover slave, that I am not as fastidious as your former master. Unlike him,
  I have no aversion to your type of filth. I have fed from such as you over
  the millennia.&quot; He smiled. &quot;If anything, taking you out of this life
  will be a service I perform for humanity.&quot; The smile disappeared and his
  eyes hardened as his will locked down. &quot;Now, 'come here'  .
  You will obey me. Fight all you want, I will enjoy your struggle, but in the
  end, you will 'obey'  .&quot; 
 Mark had been forced before, but never like this. It had always been a battle
  for David, with Mark being able to at least put up a good fight. But now--even
  as he swore at the monster before him, he came to his feet like a puppet. 
 Azrael walked around Mark, taking stock. &quot;Did your Master ever take
  you to bed, boy? Are you well-used, or are you a virgin?&quot; The look of
  revulsion on his face made Azrael laugh. &quot;Oh, what to do? Maybe I will
  let you live. But only because breaking you to my hand shall be so much fun.&quot; He
  came, almost, nose-to-nose with Mark. &quot;Believe me, boy. You will learn
  to welcome me, to beg for my abuse.&quot; He reached out, taking Mark's face
  in one hand, slapping him sharply when he jerked away. &quot;First things first; 'never
  resist'  . I will do whatever I want with you. Accept that, now.
  If you refuse, your life will be painfully long and devoid of all joy.&quot; 
 &quot;Kill me.&quot; Mark's voice was strained. Every ounce of willpower
  that he possessed went to resisting the compulsion to, throw, himself at this
  creatures feet and beg for mercy. &quot;Get it over with. I'll never be willing.
  You'll have to force me every time because I hate you.&quot; The hate had saved
  him from David. 
 Azrael slapped him to the floor with a single blow. &quot;Come now,&quot; he
  purred. &quot;Do you seriously think I care whether or not you are willing?
  Or that I even want you to be? I love a battle, but you see that I have precious
  few chances for one. By all means, fight. I will enjoy the agony you experience
  with every moment of pleasure you feel. Trust me; you 'will'   bend
  to my desires.&quot; And he desired this mortal very much, now. He ached with
  anticipation. 
 &quot;No!&quot; It was ripped from him. He would not give in. 
 &quot;Yes, even now you lose. Now go over there and sit. I will deal with
  you 'after'   I have fed.&quot; 
 Mark moved. It wasn't until he was sitting in the chair, looking at the
  last four, that he realized he had obeyed. He tried to get up, to move so much
  as a finger, but his body would not obey. He was trapped. 
 Again, David gave Azrael first pick. 
 The petite blonde girl looked up at him with a look of fearful hatred. &quot;Is
  the girl disposable?&quot; Azrael asked. 
 &quot;Lil, she was your catch,&quot; David turned asking his First-Born. &quot;You
  want her? Or are you as fed up with her as I am with them? 
 &quot;He wants her, he can have her. A more vicious, scheming bitch you'll
  never meet.&quot; Anna smiled as the girl broke down into tears. She had given
  her every opportunity, and the girl had slapped her away. Well, at least her
  blood would be useful. 
 Azrael moved across the room as a blur, grabbing the girl in a brutal, painful
  grip. She screamed once as his teeth tore at her throat, then there was silence. 
 Mark watched the slaughter. He'd seen others die, when David had over-indulged,
  but never like this. It was cruel, cold. He felt his guts twist. He should
  have been one of them. Been allowed to die, to be free, but the damned demon
  had other plans for him. He grimaced and tried to turned away as David dropped
  Eric and reached for Scott. 
 &quot;No, please, Master,&quot; Scott whined as David bore down on him. 
 &quot;Too late, Scott. You should have submitted.&quot; His hand snaked
  out to snatch him. &quot;Now you pay.&quot; He trapped the struggling boy against
  his chest, lost in the glorious blood-thrill that filled his whole being. The
  heat pulsed in him as Scott's heart frantically pounded against his chest.
  Unlike the others, Scott never stopped begging, not until he died. 
 David was lost in a haze of pleasure and blood as the body slipped to the
  floor. Everything was beautiful, for the first time in so long. He saw things
  clearly. &quot;Lilith, come to me.&quot; He reached for his Childe. 
 &quot;No, Vincent.&quot; It was Azrael who approached. &quot;It has been
  too long for you. You are lost. Come here, little one. Finish the need.&quot; He
  gathered the younger vampire to him and let the greedy mouth lock onto his
  throat. &quot;Yes, little brother, take what you need.&quot; 
 The first taste was like acid burning down his throat. The Elder's blood
  was so powerful, so unbelievably, wonderfully powerful. He felt himself swoon
  as he clung to the man who held him up. 
 &quot;That is the way. Go on. Do not be afraid. You cannot harm me.&quot; 'Poor
      youngling, the Elders are getting lax in their responsibilities'  .
      This should have never been allowed to progress to this point. The Laws
      were to be balanced with common sense. &quot;Enough. Time to pull away,
      dear one.&quot; He slowly lifted David's head, allowing the younger one
      to nuzzle his throat, licking at the still bleeding wounds. &quot;All better,
      now.&quot; 
 &quot;Thank you.&quot; His mouth opened under Azrael's welcoming kiss. 
 &quot;My joy. Although I have no need to bond with any of my kind, it will
  be nice to have a Childe around again. Perhaps it is time I began to hunt for
  another. All my Brood are grown.&quot; He kissed David once more. &quot;Now
  speaking of Children, you need to go feed that Childe of yours. He has been
  promised a real meal. While you do that, I will attend to these.&quot; He pointed
  to the floor, where the four lifeless bodies lay. &quot;Megel, call your pets.
  Tell them to return with the others.&quot; 
 David was in agony. He had over-fed. His body felt swollen, a fine reddish
  sheen left his skin glowing. He had never feasted so well. 
 *Jay, baby, bring, the re  st back to us. * Michael
  gently pushed David into a chair. &quot;Do you need my help?&quot; 
 &quot;No, I will be fine. Joey will take care of the excess.&quot; 
 &quot;Be careful not to let him gorge himself.&quot; Michael warned. 
 &quot;I will be back in the proverbial flash.&quot; Azrael said. He and
  the corpses faded from the room. 
 &quot;Davy,&quot; Anna asked, throwing herself into his lap, &quot;do you
  mind if I snatch Billy? I feel full and sassy.&quot; 
 &quot;Sure. Just try not to wear the boy out, he's new.&quot; He tasted
  blood as he kissed her, his First-Born, his love. 
 The door opened as Joseph herded the five into the room. &quot;Master?&quot; he
  asked. Nostrils quivering. He could smell the blood that filled David. 
 Anna moved so that Joseph could get to David. &quot;Yes,&quot; David said. &quot;Come,
  darling, feed.&quot; He held out his arms. &quot;No reservations tonight, drink
  your fill.&quot; 
 The Fledgling vampire almost attacked him in his haste. The blood was so
  strong. It was like liquid fire as it filled him. Not since his first night
  had it felt like this. His master had always been so careful, giving him just
  enough to contain him, but never enough to quiet the beast. But now he drank
  freely. 
 Sex was never this good. He felt so alive, so strong. Would it be like this,
  now? Would he be able to drink freely in the future, or was this just a one-time
  thing, due to the excess of blood? 
 David sighed. The pain was fading. &quot;Enough, Joey.&quot; He pulled away. &quot;Cain,&quot; he
  whispered. &quot;Stop now.&quot; 
 &quot;Damn.&quot; He felt foolish. David hadn't had to use his Vampyr name
  to control him in a while. 
 &quot;I know, the new way will take some getting used to. But I promise
  you, Cain, you will never go hungry again. I swear, I will take better care
  of you.&quot; 
 Morgan saw Joseph feeding and remembered how she had felt when Azrael had
  given her blood. Then she realized that the others were dead. Vampires could
  kill. &quot;Jason,&quot; she said in a tiny voice, &quot;where's Azrael?&quot; 
 &quot;He stepped out for a moment.&quot; Michael locked eyes with her. Yes,
  the first time a mortal faced what they could do, it was terrifying. But he
  had his hands full with both Jason and Amber. &quot;Sit down, honey. Your master
  will be here soon.&quot; 
 The room was cold to her as she huddled at one end of the love seat. She
  looked at Mark, who in return stared back at her with hate in his eyes. &quot;What
  are you looking at, bitch?&quot; He snarled. 
 &quot;Silence!&quot; David snapped. &quot;She doesn't deserve your hate.
  Leave it for your master, boy.&quot; 
 &quot;Fuck off.&quot; Mark spat. 
 &quot;Now, now; misbehaving already?&quot; Azrael asked reappearing. &quot;I
  must do something about that mouth of yours.&quot; 
 &quot;Yeah,&quot; Mark sneered at him. &quot;You can suck my cock, you fucking
  perverted monster.&quot; 
 Azrael threw his head back and laughed. &quot;What a charming offer. Perhaps
  later, but for now be silent.&quot; He turned his back on him. 
 Mark opened his mouth to tell Azrael what he could do with his order--but
  couldn't speak. He was trapped and mute. The other one had never been able
  to do this. Fear, his secret companion for weeks now, embraced him fully. 
 Afraid now, Morgan looked up at Azrael. He had given her back her life,
  had been so kind. She hated the reminder that he was not just some sweet fable
  come to life, but also a well-cloaked nightmare. 
 &quot;What is this?&quot; He was truly hurt when she cringed away as he
  sat down. &quot;Poor little one, come. I am still your master. I will not hurt
  you.&quot; He stroked her head. &quot;Did you not understand when I told you
  what I am? I am a vampire, Morgan. Although I have chosen not to kill these
  many years, occasionally I must.&quot; 
 &quot;Perhaps we should have waited, taken care of the problem without their
  knowledge.&quot; Michael was glad that he was Kin. The grip his two held him
  with would have prevented airflow in a mortal. 
 &quot;No, they must come to accept it. With the opening of a covenstead,
  we will have to collect more for food. Others of our kind will come, and when
  they do, our pets will not be able to care for them.&quot; 
 &quot;You're going to kill again?&quot; Morgan squeaked. 
 &quot;Ssshh, listen to me. Do you not kill to live? Did your food not once
  live and breathe? There is little difference. You need to accept this Morgan.
  To the Vampyr, all mortals are food. I care for you and would never allow anyone
  to harm you, but that does not take away from the cold facts. In the food chain,
  you are meat.&quot; It was the one thing that hurt him still. Telling one of
  his darlings the true facts of life. &quot;Now, I have no need to feed from
  those I will keep below, but others will. But hear me pet. Only those who deserve
  death will be taken animals, murderers, drug dealers, rapists, child molesters
  and the like. Any poor souls that we discover in our search will be brought
  here to be trained as pets, but I will not hurt them.&quot; 
 &quot;Will I have to see it?&quot; 
 &quot;No, you will never see it, not ever. You did not tonight, did you?&quot; She
  shook her head. &quot;Now, are you going to have faith in me, forget the ugliness
  and be happy again?&quot; 
 &quot;What about him?&quot; She gestured to Mark as she relaxed. Azrael
  was very good at control, and she melted under his soft gaze, loosing her fear. 
 &quot;Oh, I plan to keep him. He is a challenge. Do not worry yourself.
  When I am finished, he will be as sweet as you are.&quot; *Relax,
  pet, forget the ugliness, just relax and accept. *   A mental
  command to enhance his will. *Those from below are not like you.
  They deserve what is coming, believe always believe. *  
 Both Michael and David were doing something much like this with their own
  charges. Putting down fear, placing distance, giving a value to each life,
  and marking some greater and some less. 
 &quot;A moment, pet.&quot; Azrael said to Morgan, laying her aside. He walked
  to 
the desk across the room to retrieve a small dagger. &quot;Vincent, it is
  time that you make those two yours. Remember; they must drink from you nightly
  for several months, until the change take complete effect,&quot; 
 David nodded taking the dagger. &quot;Aaron,&quot; he called, his voice
  soothing, &quot;come here, baby.&quot; 
 Trembling, the boy obeyed. He didn't quite understand everything that had
  happened. All he could comprehend was that David had spared him, but was now
  holding a knife. &quot;Davy?&quot; 
 &quot;Ssshh, Hon, come up here in my lap.&quot; 
 &quot;Did I do something wrong?&quot; Aaron wasn't sure he could, or should
  obey this time. 
 &quot;No.&quot; David lowered the dagger. &quot;The dagger is for me, not
  you.&quot; Aaron looked so very young when he was scared, but his brown eyes
  were also beautifully large and liquid. David wanted to see them soft with
  love. &quot;If I had known that a bonding did not mean the gift, I would have
  made you fully mine a long time ago.&quot; He motioned again. &quot;Come. Let
  me gift you with my blood. It will guarantee that you stay as beautiful as
  you are right now for around one hundred years or so.&quot; He brushed the
  hair from Aaron's eyes. &quot;You 'do'   want to stay
  with me, don't you, baby? Have the time, be my love?&quot; 
 Aaron was stunned. &quot;You'd do it, wouldn't you? Give me this?&quot; He
  started to cry. &quot;I try to do what you want. I don't fight you. Please,
  I want it. I'll stay with you.&quot; He pulled his hair aside, tilting his
  head to expose his throat. &quot;See, Davy, Master, I'm willing.&quot; 
 Any other time the exposed flesh would have been more than David could have
  resisted. But now, it was merely lovely, not a temptation. &quot;Then drink,
  baby, be mine. But know that once I give you this, you can never leave me.
  Even if I offered you your freedom, like I had promised, you can't go. You
  will be mine for all your life. For unless I continue to feed you my blood,
  you will die. Now once again, knowing that your life will be mine forever,
  knowing that I will own you, care for you and keep you till the day that the
  blood no longer stays death. Will you give me your soul baby? Will you be mine?&quot; 
 Aaron had never kissed David with anyone but Anna, or Joseph present. He
  was shy about this part of their relationship. The others had taunted him too
  much for his willingness to submit. But now, it was a new day, a new life.
  He sobbed against a hard, unbelievably warm mouth. David was hot. For the first
  time since he was taken, he felt true heat from his master. &quot;Yes, oh,
  yes, Master. I'll be yours, I swear it.&quot; 
 &quot;Then, baby, take what is being offered.&quot; The knife cut deep into
  the vein above his left breast. &quot;Drink.&quot; 
 Aaron's mouth covered the wound. A small gasp of shock as the first taste
  passed his lips. After all the times that he had swallowed back his fear and
  exposed his throat to be fed off of, he was the one feeding. &quot;No,&quot; he
  whispered as the wound closed. 
 David sighed, enjoying the lingering feeling. &quot;Yes, I know, just a
  taste, but one that, once taken, makes you crave more.&quot; 
 Aaron attacked him. Hands moving under his shirt to caress his skin, mouth
  hot and hungry on his or moving to bite sharply at his throat, knowing that
  it would please his master. 
 David held him for a minute, enjoying the sweet aggressions his darling
  pet displayed. &quot;Wait,&quot; finally he pulled away. &quot;Soon, okay,
  Hon? Let me offer this to Billy, and then we'll see, all right? Go curl up
  with Joey, he'll hold you for now.&quot; 
 Billy had watched everything, heard everything, and was terrified. He was
  more afraid of what David would demand of him than he was of anything else.
  Would it be offered freely? No it couldn't be that easy. He had fought and
  resisted too much. He lived now, only because out of the rest, he was the least
  vocal. He eyes closed briefly as David motioned him to come close. Now would
  be the telling mark. What would he have to do or promise to be given this? &quot;M--Master?&quot; He
  was like ice as David pulled him up into his lap. 
 &quot;Do you want this, Billy? You've been so hesitant before today. Will
  you freely go all the way? No more crying no, more, struggles? Will you welcome
  me, let our time together be mutual, no more rapes?&quot; 
 &quot;I promised that last time,&quot; he stammered. Something was wrong
  here. &quot;I didn't fight you last time, master, didn't even think it, I swear.
  Didn't you like that? Did I forget something?&quot; Relations with men were
  so few, that he was honestly worried that he had failed to do something. 
 David pulled Billy's head to his shoulder, stroking his hair gently. &quot;I
  told you how much I loved it, precious. I'm just making sure you understand
  what will be expected of you for this. And, not, just me, but, Anna and Joey,
  as well. Plus, any vampire that asks for you. You were a virgin when I took
  you. You offered yourself because you were frightened and hungry. I want you
  to be able to accept your new life totally.&quot; 
 &quot;Are they gonna bite me, too?&quot; 
 &quot;Perhaps someday, but for now, I need you and Aaron to keep up with
  my needs.&quot; 
 &quot;Do I have to do this? What happens if I say no? You still gonna let
  me go one day, like you promised?&quot; 
 &quot;I'm not sure, Bill. I wouldn't kill you if you didn't want me, just
  as long as you were willing when I came to you. But I'm afraid that, without
  the added strength given by my blood, you would weaken and die.&quot; 
 'Die'  . There was that word again. He had run away
  from home, away from his father who beat him. Had he stayed, he would have
  been dead. Now he was in the same boat, again. Live or die. &quot;Okay, I'll
  do it.&quot; 'Why not'  , he rationalized. At least David
  didn't hurt him much unless he fought back. &quot;It won't hurt will it?&quot; 
 &quot;No, baby, it won't hurt.&quot; Again the blade &quot;go on Billy,
  drink.&quot; 
 Aaron watched as Billy followed the command. &quot;It's not going to be
  easy on him.&quot; He spoke softly, more to himself than anyone else. &quot;He's
  terrified of men. David was in bad way that first night. He freaked and ended
  up hurt. It took three nights to get him to obey without punishment.&quot; He
  could, if he 
wanted, still hear Billy's pleas to be let go, and his cries as David and
  Joseph raped him. 
 Joseph smiled. &quot;Well, give him a few days. Now that David's back to
  his old self, he'll easily seduce the boy.&quot; It was a statement he could
  make with certainty. When he had first come to David, at Anna's invitation,
  David had been so different than how he was now. He had been patient, gentle
  and loving, as he taught him the ways of the flesh. &quot;How are you?&quot; he
  asked Aaron. &quot;This night has been pretty traumatic for you.&quot; 
 &quot;I'm fine, now.&quot; He closed his eyes as Joseph's hand found the
  snap on his jeans. &quot;Don't, Joey, please. Not in front of everyone.&quot; 
 Joseph looked around. Azrael was engrossed with the little bald girl. Michael
  was with his two, who were naked and actively being affectionate. &quot;In
  front of who Aaron? Look around you. It's not like it used to be. They're kids
  like you, pampered play toys, relax.&quot; The zipper slid down with no resistance. &quot;You
  know you like it, so why argue?&quot; 
 A tear slipped down his cheek. He couldn't stand this. Alone, in a bed,
  was one thing. He loved it, then. But here, like this, he'd accepted David's
  offer, to escape this sort of thing. &quot;Please, Master.&quot; 
 &quot;Aaron, you have to relax. It's not like that. We won't sell you. You
  know that.&quot; 
 &quot;Aaron.&quot; David looked up from Billy, who lay curled up, in his
  arms. &quot;Hon, look at me. You are a pet, now. You are going to have to accept
  this.&quot; His tone firmed. &quot;Until I say differently, you are forbidden
  clothes. Let him up, Joey, so that he can undress.&quot; His eyes grew sharp
  at Aaron's cry of protest. &quot;And let him blow you once he is.&quot; 
 Aaron looked at him, horrified. Forbidden wearing clothes. Blow Joseph,
  in front of everyone. He couldn't mean to do this to him. &quot;Davy,&quot; he
  pleaded. 
 &quot;Up with you. Don't argue again, or I will punish you more. Now go
  on and do what I told you.&quot; Then, with a softening gaze, he looked down
  at Billy. &quot;You too, off with these rags. Anna has asked for you tonight.
  You haven't been with a woman yet, have you?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; He moved slowly, as if drugged. The blood had removed the
  last of his fight. He felt numb. 
 &quot;Azrael,&quot; David's voice held a note of worry. This was not normal.
  When Sharra, had gifted him with his first drink, it had been fabulous. Anna
  and Joseph had bounced off the walls at their welcome. Even Aaron, normally
  timid and shy, had almost sexually assaulted him. 
 Azrael watched Billy undress. &quot;It has that effect on some mortals.
  He will spend the next hundred and fifty or so years quite happy. Just do not
  expect too much from him. He will do whatever he is told, just that, and be
  an absolute darling in the bed. But his mind will not be able to function as
  it once did. He will be completely dependent on you for the rest of his life.&quot; 
 &quot;I didn't mean to hurt him, I swear.&quot; He was appalled by what
  had happened. 
 &quot;No one is accusing you of malicious intent. His mind was weak. This
  was too much. Do not fret yourself so, Vincent. The boy will sharpen over the
  next few months, but will always be dependent on you for everything. Be kind.
  At least he will never need punishing again. Just make sure you keep him from
  harm. I do not rightly think he would be able to understand the why and 
wherefore anymore.&quot; 
 &quot;He's like Cally was, isn't he?&quot; Michael looked at the boy hard
  as he slowly removed his clothes. &quot;One too many traumas, his mind had
  fled, and the blood helped to protect his sanity.&quot; His thoughts went back
  to a slave, one that had been in his home when he was still Azrael's Fledgling.
  His master had, accidentally, broken her mind before he had had a chance to
  blood bond with her. Forever denying her the chance to be anything more than
  just a pet. 
 &quot;Billy?&quot; David moved slowly to take him into his arms. &quot;How
  do you feel?&quot; 
 &quot;Feel?&quot; The boy's eyes had a lost look to them. &quot;Great, why?&quot; He
  tried to focus on his master. &quot;Did I do something bad?&quot; 
 &quot;No, of course not. Why don't you go curl up with Anna, she'll take
  care of you.&quot; 
 &quot;Really?&quot; He smiled softly. &quot;She's pretty, Master. Is she
  gonna let me sleep with her?&quot; 
 &quot;Why don't you go talk to her.&quot; He cupped the poor boy's chin. &quot;And
  you are right, she is very pretty, now off with you.&quot; He would have to
  be careful with this one. If he hadn't punished him so severely, frightened
  him as much as he had, he might not be this way. &quot;I will take care of
  you, Billy, I promise. You'll never be hurt again.&quot; 
 &quot;I know that.&quot; The clarity of his voice surprised David. 
 &quot;Now go.&quot; 
 Anna let him sit beside her, before pulling him into her lap, hushing his
  protests that he was too heavy. &quot;No, pretty boy, you're light to me.&quot; 
 &quot;Anna, be gentle with him always.&quot; David watched Aaron as he finished
  with Joseph. &quot;From this point forward, anyone who hurts or frightens him
  will answer to me.&quot; 
 &quot;Agreed.&quot; Azrael had once had a young mortal like this one. She
  had been a sweet girl. So promising as a future Fledgling. His guilt over driving
  her mad was still sharp. Murder, he could live with. He was a Vampire. It was
  a part of his life, at times one must kill to live. But he had pushed her too
  far, and her his slave. &quot;As master of this house, I grant him complete
  protection and immunity. The children will care for him, Vincent, during the
  day, and at night if ever one of our own kind does him wrong, if you cannot
  seek justice, I will.&quot; 
 &quot;Don't worry, David.&quot; Michael honored his personal choice by using
  his mortal name in mixed company. &quot;It's not like we would welcome Renegade
  Kin. It was unfortunate, but it happened. I'm sure you will make his life one
  of comfort, and as pleasant as possible. Let it rest for now.&quot; Michael
  untangled himself from the two bodies that had latched on to him. &quot;As
  for now, I am taking these two and seeking out the dungeon that Amber has mentioned.
  I am in the mood for some amusement.&quot; 
 &quot;Dungeon?&quot; 
 &quot;It's a play room, Vincent. I use it occasionally for bed games or
  punishment if punishment is needed.&quot; Azrael gathered Morgan's sleeping
  form close. &quot;It is just a few hours before dawn. Let me escort you to
  rooms for your pets, and show you the inner sanctum. Megel has taken the back
  room as his own. Then I will go tuck this one into a warm bed and give her
  the attention she needs.&quot; 
 &quot;So I'm the odd man out again,&quot; Joseph laughed. &quot;We have
  got to do something about this, Davy. I'm getting blue balls.&quot; 
 &quot;You are welcome to join me.&quot; Michael smiled softly. &quot;You've
  alreadysampled my Chosen.&quot; 
 Joseph looked at the two mortals that stood so close to the Elder vampire. &quot;Are
  you sure, sir?&quot; 
 Michael turned on his charm, deepening his smile. &quot;Call me Michael,
  or Megel, if that feels better.&quot; He looked down at Jason. &quot;Love,
  why don't you show my little brother that he is welcome. You know him, Amber
  does not, and asking her is too cruel yet.&quot; 
 Jason winked at him. &quot;Promise me something, Master.&quot; 
 &quot;Name it, I am in a generous mood.&quot; 
 Jason stepped closer, pressing his body against the other man's, hand reaching
  to pull his face to him. &quot;Tomorrow,&quot; lips demanding, &quot;is mine.&quot; 
 Michael chuckled as he crushed his Chosen to his chest. &quot;My word, tomorrow
  night from sunset to sunrise, you will have me. We will go out and enjoy the
  evening. Then we shall return here, and,&quot; Jason's sob was silenced by
  a brutally possessive mouth. 
 David smiled as Jason latched on to Joseph. &quot;See, baby,&quot; he brushed
  the top of Aaron's head with his lips. &quot;It's a new life for us. You don't
  have to hide anymore. No one will make fun of you.&quot; 
 Aaron moved even closer. &quot;Make love to me.&quot; After the blood, he
  needed him, needed him like he had never needed anything before in his life. &quot;Like
  that first night, when you made me yours.&quot; 
 David rose, the boy in his arms. &quot;I'm ready, Master. Where do we keep
  our pets?&quot; 
 Azrael chuckled. &quot;Come. Megel you will lead that one to rest when dawn
  comes?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, or he can sleep the light hours with me.&quot; Michael smiled
  at Jason. &quot;Jay, go tell your sister good night. You won't be seeing her
  till dusk.&quot; 
 &quot;G'night, Jenny,&quot; he hugged her. &quot;Oops, sorry, I forgot.
  It's Morgan, right?&quot; 
 &quot;Yeah.&quot; She kissed his cheek. &quot;He says it's German, for 'morning'  .&quot; 
 &quot;Sleep well, squirt. I'll see you later.&quot; He hugged her tightly. &quot;Be
  good, okay? I'd hate to see you hurt.&quot; 
 She giggled. &quot;Don't worry. I'll be an absolute angel.&quot; 
 Azrael went to Mark. &quot;We go now. You will follow behind me, on your
  hands and knees.&quot; His eyes bore into him. &quot;Do you understand?&quot; 
 Mark opened his mouth to curse his captor, but found no words. He tried
  again, but Azrael's will beat at him. &quot;Yes,&quot; he groaned. &quot;Yes,
  Master.&quot; The words were forced out between clenched teeth. 
 &quot;Not good enough. You must learn who owns whom here. I will punish
  you for your misbehavior. Now, you will follow me, on your hands and knees.
  Do you understand? He touched Mark's cheek. &quot;Make me believe you are willing
  to obey.&quot; 
 It was pure agony. Fighting David had never been like this. &quot;Master,&quot; he
  choked back a sob. &quot;Yes, I understand.&quot; 
 &quot;Good, now follow, and keep your head down. Do not speak unless spoken
  to. If I have to take your voice again, you will lose it for a long time.&quot; 
 &quot;Master,&quot; the word hurt, but he had to try to get through to this
  monster. &quot;Please, I beg you.&quot; He dropped to the floor. &quot;Kill
  me.&quot; 
 &quot;No, I want you to live. I plan to break you. The sooner you accept
  me as you lord and master, the sooner I will show you kindness. Now, be quiet,
  slave, or I will double your pain.&quot; He turned, ignoring the rebellious
  look the young man wore, knowing full well, the boy would follow. 
 &quot;Enough you two,&quot; he fussed at Jason and Morgan. &quot;You are
  only saying good-night, not good-bye. It grows late. If you want any of my
  time before I sleep, Morgan, we must go.&quot; 
CHAPTER 10 
 The floor was cold under Mark's hands and knees. He followed Azrael, fighting
  each movement. He could not refuse this new creature. Fighting was useless,
  but he couldn't give in. If he did, he knew he would lose his soul. 
 Azrael dropped Morgan off at her room. &quot;Morgan, pet, I am going to
  leave you for a while. I have to deal with this one, but I will be back before
  sunrise to tuck you in. I am sorry. I had wanted to spend more time with you,
  but alas, there are times even I can not have my way.&quot; 
 She pouted playfully. &quot;I guess I can't take all your time, can I?&quot; She
  looked at Mark, on the floor. &quot;Don't hurt him, Azrael. It's not his fault.
  He doesn't understand.&quot; She didn't understand why she was concerned about
  this man, but she was. 
 &quot;I will not hurt him more than I have to.&quot; Her selfless request
  touched him. &quot;I give you my word. Now, go curl up and get some rest. I
  will hurry with him.&quot; 
 &quot;Good.&quot; Her laughter sounded through the hall as he hugged her
  and playfully nipped at her throat. She was such a sweet thing. &quot;Hurry
  back.&quot; She kissed his cheek, 
 &quot;I will, pet. Of that you can be sure.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Michael led his three into the dungeon. &quot;My word,&quot; he exclaimed,
  looking around. Azrael had created a small dungeon--a real one. The bed resembled
  a rack, although he didn't see a winch. There were restraints on the posts,
  and odd devices hanging from the headboard. There were also chains on the walls,
  and a table equipped with restraints to hold a body in any number of positions.
  The only modern, and interesting, touch was the shower in the corner. There
  were restraints in the stall, and a hand-held showerhead. Michael chuckled.
  He knew the many uses of that one particular piece of equipment. 
 Amber held back her tears. It had been months since her last visit here.
  It had hurt so much last time. Would he make her suffer again? &quot;Michael.&quot; She
  huddled close to him. &quot;Master, please. Can I ask a question?&quot; 
 &quot;No, pet, I'm not going to torture you. I only want to play. I swear,
  precious, I won't hurt you, ever, without cause. I have none.&quot; He hugged
  her. &quot;Like now, I am interested in this set-up. Tell me about it. Has
  Azrael ever 
used this with you?&quot; 
 Her voice sounded hollow as she answered. &quot;Yes.&quot; She shuddered. &quot;Please,
  Michael--Master--don't do this to me. I won't argue. I'll be good. Don't hurt
  me.&quot; Her voice was the tiniest of whispers as she pressed against him. 
 Michael put an arm around her, and smiled softly, making a conscious effort
  not to show his fangs. &quot;Unless I prove to you that I won't hurt you, you'll
  continue to fear me. Pet, why can't you believe me? I punished you last night.
  Did I hurt you greatly? Were you left unsatisfied?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; She knew he would use the shower on her. His interest was
  too great. &quot;I-you were kind. Azrael would have punished me differently,
  but it would have been worse in the end.&quot; She was resigned to what he
  would do. &quot;Do you want me to show you the attachments?&quot; 
 &quot;Will you do this freely, or must I order it?&quot; 
 She stepped into his arms. &quot;I will be good, but Megel, please, I trust
  you.&quot; 
 Michael turned to Joseph and Jason. &quot;You two play as you will.&quot; To
  Joseph, &quot;be careful how you toy with my Chosen. He has a taste for sweet
  pain. That can heighten the pleasure, but stay mindful of his limits. I will
  be cross with you indeed if you push him too far.&quot; 
 Joseph was no fool. This vampire, right now a gracious and generous host,
  was old. He had never met another of his kind, other than Sharra, that was
  as old as this one, and his master's new master. Cross Megel? Not on his best
  day, &quot;my Sire gave me the name Cain. I offer it as assurance that I would
  never harm him. You obviously mean to make him a little brother. I'm no Renegade.&quot; 
 &quot;Your master is young, but he trains well. Go enjoy, I will be with
  you later. Since you give your word that my precious one is safe, so I give
  mine that no harm will ever come to you in your time with me.&quot; He accepted
  the younger vampire's kiss, feeding it with his own hunger and power. &quot;Have
  fun.&quot; 
 Jason wormed an arm around Joseph. &quot;The bed, please,&quot; he whispered.
  He wanted to feel his new friend again. Michael was wonderful. No one had ever
  made him feel like that. He loved him, so much that it hurt. But Joseph was
  fun, almost like a pal. 
 Joseph cupped Jason's face between his hands. &quot;You'll have to tell
  me what you want, baby. I've never done anything like this before. I don't
  want to hurt you, so you tell me.&quot; 
 Jason pulled him towards the bed. &quot;It's okay, you don't have to do
  anything you don't want to do.&quot; 
 Joseph laughed. The boy was just too adorable. &quot;Oh, that's not the
  problem, little brother. I want to do a lot, I'm just not sure what you want.&quot; Aggression
  was never easy for him. Maybe this was a good time to practice. It would please
  David to no end to see him take the initiative. &quot;I saw your Master spank
  you earlier.&quot; His hand cupped Jason's balls. &quot;Tell me, pretty boy,
  tell me you'd like that.&quot; 
 Jason moaned pressing closer. &quot;Yes,&quot; Oh, 'God, yes'  .
  When Michael had earlier, it had felt so bizarre. It had hurt, of course, but
  it made the blood in his vein's race, and driven home his desperate need for
  sex. &quot;Please, Joey, Master, make me cry. Take me.&quot; 
 &quot;You'll tell me when to stop. Promise me, when you've had enough, you'll
  tell me.&quot; 
 &quot;If I don't cum all over you first.&quot; He wanted this so much. His
  only regret was he'd probably have to wait until tomorrow before he could be
  with Michael again. But as the old saying goes. 'Absence makes the
  heart grow fonder, and other parts harder'  . &quot;I trust you.&quot; 
 The young vampire laughed. &quot;With a master as old as yours? Yeah, I
  bet you do. Well, come here baby, I plan to see how hot I can make you.&quot; 
 Michael chained Amber to the shower wall. She fought to keep from begging
  her master to stop. He had been kind. She had watched him all evening. He wasn't
  cruel. But, chained, she could only feel fear. 
 &quot;You are beautiful, Amber.&quot; Michael pulled away to undress. &quot;You
  will love our time together. I promise. You must learn to trust me. I know
  you derive no pleasure from pain. Why would I want to hurt you? I prefer my
  partners to be lost in the joys I give, not horrified.&quot; 
 &quot;I'm trying, really I am.&quot; She cried softly. &quot;Please, Megel,
  believe me.&quot; 
 He stepped closer, concerned. &quot;Why my true name, pet? Are you so afraid
  of my touch that you feel the need to draw my full attention to it? I feel
  your fear, pet. Believe me, I will prove it to be groundless.&quot; 
 &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; She moaned as his teeth sank into the tender flesh
  of her throat, feeding slowly, drawing her into the warm, pleasant haze of
  want all mortals felt after feeding 
 &quot;Don't be.&quot; He licked her throat, waiting for the wounds to close. &quot;I
  enjoy the sound of my name on your lips. Call me Megel, if you wish, for that
  is who I am.&quot; He reached for the showerhead, ignoring all the many attachments. &quot;The
  water will be warm, pet.&quot; The water flowed. &quot;Warm, but not hot. I
  want you to enjoy this.&quot; He stepped back for room, brought the showerhead
  down, and parted her lips so that the forceful stream would be more effective. &quot;I
  will take you tonight, both in your delightful sex and anally.&quot; His lips
  hushed a whimper. &quot;I won't hurt you, Amber. Trust me, I am strong. You
  will feel no pain.&quot; He kissed her again. &quot;But for now, let me drive
  you wild.&quot; 
 It was too much. The feeding, her own desires mixed with the pressure of
  the water, drove her to climax almost immediately. She cried out as the waves
  of pleasure began to rock her body. This was her greatest fear, for the last
  time she had been here, Azrael had tormented her for hours, driving her to
  unconsciousness four times before he showed mercy. It felt so good. But she
  knew how quickly the pleasure could turn into pain. &quot;Please,&quot; she
  moaned, leaning forward, her mouth seeking his. &quot;Please, Megel.&quot; 
 &quot;Ssshh. What is it, sweet?&quot; He pressed the showerhead against
  her, listening to her cries. &quot;You need me already, Amber? But we have
  only just begun.&quot; 
 &quot;Please.&quot; She wanted him. Gods, how she wanted. She didn't care
  how he took her, the need for his body was great. &quot;Now.&quot; 
 Michael unchained her, welcoming the press of her body as she held him. &quot;Up,
  pet.&quot; He lifted her, bringing her down on him, impaling her on his need.
  She cried out, softly, wrapping her legs around his hips. He had freed her.
  He hadn't hurt her. 
 In the corner, on the bed, the spanking was rapidly becoming too much for
  Jason. Joseph had spanked him soundly. His ass burned with greater heat than
  ever before. &quot;No more,&quot; he whimpered as another stinging slap fell. &quot;Please.&quot; But
  his pleas were ignored. &quot;Master.&quot; 
 &quot;Ssshh.&quot; Joseph held him over his lap. &quot;Don't cry, Jay.&quot; his
  hand stroked the heated flesh, enjoying the curve of Jason's buttocks. &quot;I
  heard you.&quot; His tone became mildly scolding; &quot;All this fuss over
  a little spanking?&quot; 
 &quot;It hurt.&quot; Jason winced as Joseph pulled him up to sit in his
  lap. 
 &quot;Poor kid.&quot; Joseph laughed. &quot;Beg a spanking, then complain.
  Make up you mind, kiddo, either you want to be hurt, or you don't.&quot; 
 Jason blushed. Joseph was right. And besides, after some of the perverts
  he'd sold his body to, the pain in his backside was nothing. Could, he, be
  spoiled by Michael already? &quot;I'm sorry. I panicked.&quot; 
 &quot;Why?&quot; Joseph turned, laying him on his back. &quot;I'm not going
  to do anything to you that you don't ask for. Your master would string me up
  by my balls, and then mine would skin me alive. You have no idea how safe you
  really are. One does not damage the Chosen of an Elder.&quot; His grinned,
  a comical, lopsided grin that Jason immediately liked. &quot;At least, not
  if one wants to continue living. Or un-living, in our case.&quot; 
 &quot;Joseph--&quot; Jason's mouth covered his. &quot;No more talking, please.&quot; He
  wanted more. The spanking might have hurt, but it had driven home the need
  for more. &quot;Let's fuck.&quot; He knew the difference between lovemaking
  and what he was offering. But he didn't love Joseph. 
 'God, to have a few like this',  Joseph was amazed. &quot;Jay,&quot; he
  asked, pulling the young man down with him, &quot;have you ever taken a man,
  before?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; 
 &quot;Good. Let me be your first.&quot; Joseph smiled, reaching to touch
  him. &quot;I much prefer the bottom.&quot; 
 Jason moaned as he pulled away. &quot;Roll over, Master.&quot; Jason looked
  down at the waiting, ready Joseph. He would like this. How many times had he
  wondered about it, as his face was pressed into bedclothes or the vinyl of
  some guy's back seat. &quot;Please, Master. I need you now.&quot; 
 Joseph chuckled, moving his hips invitingly. &quot;Then Jay, be my friend.
  Let's enjoy this together.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Azrael stood over Mark, who lay motionless on the floor. &quot;So, how shall
  I punish you?&quot; He walked around his rebellious new pet, whose eyes fought
  to keep him in sight. &quot;It should be horrifying enough to make you believe
  me, but not enough to destroy your mind, like that poor pet of Vincent's.&quot; He
  rubbed his chin, thoughtfully, before making his decision. &quot;Rise, Mark.
  Remove your clothes. You do not deserve them.&quot; 
 This time, Mark didn't fight. It would be a waste of time. This beast wouldn't
  kill him. Not yet, anyway, so why bother? He was going to be tortured. He knew
  it. And there wasn't anything he could do about it. But even as he obeyed,
  he locked gazes with Azrael. Message, clear, in them, 'you might
  make me do anything, but I hate you, and I will never stop hating you'  . 
 &quot;What a fiery thing you are.&quot; Azrael snickered. &quot;Go on, give
  me all the knife-filled looks you want. They will not hurt me. But after tonight,
  unless you want to suffer pain like you have never known, you will learn to
  look friendly. You might not feel it, but you will learn to make me believe
  you do.&quot; The smile on his face would terrify a mad dog. &quot;If you do
  not, slave, I will make you wish you had.&quot; 
 Mark stood naked and defiant, not caring what this monster did to him. He
  would never let Azrael think he wanted him. *Go on you, bastard.
  *   The thought was clear. He knew full well that the vampire
  could 'hear'   him. *Do your worst, I will
  never welcome you. Remember that you will have to take what you want from me.
  I will never give it. *  
 The wall met his head with jarring force as Azrael's teeth sank into his
  throat. Yes! He rejoiced, 'kill me. Go right ahead, if you'll just
  kill me'  ! It was the one nice thing about the vampires. If he
  had to choose a way to die, this would be it, his body reacting of its own
  accord, holding the ancient one to him. His body lost in the intense pleasure
  of the act. Yes, this was a wonderful way to die. 
 But Azrael had no intentions of killing this one. He would blood-bond with
  the incorrigible youth, force his will on the rebellious one in a, way, Mark
  would be unable to understand, or resist. &quot;I told you, Mark,&quot; he
  said softly, with the tone of absolute supremacy, &quot;I have no intention
  of taking your life.&quot; There was a tone of finality to it. &quot;I want
  you, boy, and I will have you.&quot; He ran his hand down Mark's back, over
  his buttocks, tracing the line of his hip. 
 &quot;NO!&quot; Mark cried as a hand found him. &quot;Damn you, why won't
  you kill me?&quot; 
 &quot;Because I find no pleasure in fucking a corpse.&quot; He chuckled
  at the horror on the young man's face. &quot;Yes, Mark, now you know. Before
  long, I will take you. I will steal the only innocence you have left. And believe
  me, you will find it as painful and as horrifying as you fear. It will be a
  long night for you, your first in my bed. But for now,&quot; his fingers tightened
  on Mark's erection, capturing his balls, &quot;we will go to the bed. I will
  give you my blood, and then.&quot; Pressure sudden, incredible pressure as
  he squeezed. Mark cried out in pain. &quot;Feel it. Get used to it. Become
  acquainted with it. Because if you do not learn to give me what I order, it
  will be the only feeling you will have for a long time.&quot; Still gripping
  Mark's testicles, he headed for the bed, dragging Mark behind him. 
 There was no fighting, now, as Azrael pulled him towards the bed by his
  balls, crushing them in his grip. &quot;Don't fall,&quot; Azrael advised. &quot;If
  you fall, it will only be worse, for I will still drag you to the bed. Believe
  me, boy, you do not wish that.&quot; 
 Mark screamed at the twist of Azrael's wrist. He knees buckled, but he refused
  to fall. If he did, this mad thing would drag him by his balls. &quot;Please.&quot; He
  cried now, pain the only thing he felt. &quot;Stop, God, don't.&quot; 
 Azrael released him so that he could fall onto the bed. &quot;Begging already?
  Good.&quot; He smiled softly as he drew a knife from a drawer. Not a dagger
  as earlier, but a nasty, curved kukri that could make quick work of man or
  beast. &quot;I love the sound of it. Beg me again slave. Beg me to make you
  mine, or I will cut your manhood from you.&quot; Mark's horrified gasp prompted
  another chuckle. &quot;Yes. You would die from that, would you not? But I could
  prevent it. Remember, no-one bleeds to death around a vampire, unless the vampire
  wants it. I want you to live.&quot; He leaned forward forcing Mark to meet
  his gaze. &quot;So, shall you be a man, or a eunuch?&quot; 
 No force, for the first time since David had given him to this mad thing,
  there was, no, crush of will. He would have to do this freely, or as freely
  as anyone faced with the threat of emasculation can make a decision. &quot;I
  hate you,&quot; he spat, wanting to fight this creature, and knowing he couldn't. &quot;Take
  me. 
I'll do it. But I hate you.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh, come now.&quot; Azrael laughed and grabbed Mark's penis. He held
  the knife just inches from the base. &quot;That is not a beg. Perhaps if I
  removed this unsightly affliction, you would loose some of your fight.&quot; The
  knife pressed against flesh, drawing blood. 
 &quot;No.&quot; Mark dared not move. That blade could come farther down
  at any time. &quot;Please. I'm sorry.&quot; He screamed. This beast was going
  to cut his dick off. &quot;Master, please, take me. I'll do it, what ever you
  want, but please -- &quot; He almost fainted as the blade moved. &quot;I swear
  it! I want you! DON'T!&quot; 
 Azrael pulled the knife away, gathered a few droplets of blood and mixed
  it with his saliva to heal the wound. &quot;You want me?&quot; He smiled, tasting
  the fear. &quot;Say it again, dog. Make me believe you.&quot; 
 Mark swallowed, pushing all thoughts of resistance away. This wasn't David.
  David had been so easy to put off. This one didn't care if he hated him. The
  beast found it amusing. This one could do whatever he wanted. &quot;Yes,&quot; he
  said, trying to convince, himself, as he spoke. &quot;I want you. Please, Master,
  tell me what to do.&quot; 
 Azrael was amused by the sudden change of heart. &quot;And you swore that
  there was nothing I could do to make you bend.&quot; He held up a finger, silencing
  Mark. &quot;I would not, if I were you, my boy. Your capitulation is the only
  thing that is keeping your--what is the modern slang? -' Family Jewels'   from
  being cut off at the base.&quot; 
 Mark lay on the bed, staring up at Azrael, shocked. The beast would make
  him obey by threatening him with emasculation. Would he do it? Could any man,
  alive or--like this creature--do that to another man? Rape, torture, and even
  kill--but emasculation? 
 He almost convinced himself that it was a bluff, almost, and then he looked
  up into Azrael's eyes. Old, ancient eyes 'my God, he'd do it'  .
  He bit back a cry as the reality filled him. If he didn't do everything he
  was told, he'd be . . .. 
 &quot;Yes. Now you understand your situation.&quot; Azrael motioned Mark
  to sit up, and sat beside him. &quot;Oh, do not look so stunned. Only a fool
  would have not thought to use your own masculinity as a means to control you.
  And boy, best you learn now, I am many things, but I am not a fool.&quot; 
 &quot;What--what do you want me to do?&quot; For the moment, all thoughts
  of fighting, resistance had gone. 
 Azrael unbuttoned his shirt partway. &quot;You will bond with me tonight.
  Nothing more, if you go freely to my control, I will only beat you. Resist
  and.&quot; He reached to touch him. &quot;You know what will happen.&quot; 
 Mark swallowed back a plea. He had lost. He knew it. Once he drank from
  Azrael, he would be a mindless puppet like the rest. If he refused, he would
  be forced to do it anyway, and unmanned for his troubles. Perhaps, if he did
  this freely, he wouldn't end up completely brainless. &quot;Okay, I'll do it.&quot; 
 The hand that stroked him became hard again, reaching to capture his balls. &quot;You
  will do what?&quot; Azrael's hand tightened. 
 Mark didn't scream, for that he was proud, but a moan of pain did slip past
  his lips. &quot;I'm trying. I'll bond with you. I swear. I'll drink.&quot; He
  gritted his teeth. &quot;Master.&quot; 
 &quot;Good. See, that was not as hard as it seemed, was it?&quot; Azrael's
  hand became gentle again. &quot;If you please me further, I might even allow
  your deflowering to be pleasant. I reward good behavior just as quickly as
  I punish bad.&quot; He pulled away. &quot;Come, drink.&quot; The blade cut,
  deep into his chest, blood welling. 
 Mark hesitated just a moment before obeying. A fleeting thought crossed
  his mind, as he let his mouth close over the wound; what 'would it
  taste like'  ? 
 His head swam and his body burned, as the blood flowed into his mouth. Never
  before had he felt like this. The power, the force, the energy, ran through
  his veins, leaving him clutching at the creature whom held his life. 
 There was no going back, now, no reprieve. He would be owned for the rest
  of his life, however long or short that it might be. He would be broken, whether
  he fought or not, and he would, in the end, beg this man to do anything he
  asked. The end was here, and he couldn't stop it. He didn't want to. 
 For the first time in his life, he welcomed a man's kiss. Freely feeding
  on it, wanting it. Mouth opening to taste the warmth of the other's, his arms
  locked around Azrael's neck as the vampire pulled him close. Somewhere in the
  back of his mind, he knew he should resist, but he couldn't, he, was, trapped,
  now, by both fear and this new need. 
 Azrael wisely refrained from laughing at his triumph. He knew how fragile
  his control was right now. Although he had every intention of breaking this
  troublesome mortal, now was not the time. The battle would resume, soon enough.
  But for now, he allowed the boy to seek his mouth and hold him, a reward for
  his willingness. 
 Rational thought returned and Mark almost leaped away from Azrael. &quot;What--
  wait--what did you do to me?&quot; he demanded, angry and confused. 
 &quot;I made you mine. You belong to me, now. There is nothing you can do
  to escape, for without my blood, you will die.&quot; Azrael brushed a lock
  of dark hair from Mark's face. &quot;Do you still wish for death? If so, you
  may have it. All I have to do is withhold my blood.&quot; 
 &quot;Die?&quot; Why now, what was this? He had begged and been refused
  so long, why now? 
 &quot;Yes. But I warn you. It is not a pleasant death. It takes a month
  to six weeks for the blood to burn all the life out of you. That is what it
  is, a flame inside, burning you up. Do you wish this?&quot; His voice was gentle. &quot;Without
  nightly feedings from me, you will begin a slow, agonizing death. You will
  scream for release until the end.&quot; 
 Now, Mark jumped away, almost falling to the floor. &quot;You're going to
  do that, aren't you?&quot; he accused. &quot;Killing me quick isn't good enough.
  You're gonna make me suffer.&quot; 
 &quot;No. It is up to you. You will beg for my blood every day. Not to is
  to, consign, yourself to torment worse than any punishment I could devise.
  I leave it up to you. If you want to live, you shall ask. If you do not want
  to live, you will die. From now on, I will not force my blood on you.&quot; He
  opened his arms. &quot;Come back into my arms, pet. It is safer here.&quot; 
 Mark looked from him to the knife. &quot;No,&quot; he whispered. 
 &quot;Yes, boy. Come here. If I have to retrieve you, you will not like
  what happens.&quot; 
 Mark moved slowly, hating himself for his fear more than he did the monster
  before him. 
 &quot;Good boy.&quot; Azrael's arms tightened gently around him, holding
  him in his lap again. &quot;Is there anything I can grant you before I punish
  you?&quot; 
 &quot;Grant me?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes,&quot; he smiled softly. &quot;I am not completely immune your
  struggles. Bonding is not easy for one such as you. So I will grant you one
  small kindness before I deliver your beating.&quot; Again he reached down and
  touched Mark. &quot;How long has it been since you were allowed pleasure? Vincent
  hated you so, I cannot see him seeing to your needs.&quot; 
 Mark stiffened in his arms. What he had most feared was about to happen.
  David had never done anything other than feed. 'This'   one
  planned on making a damned pervert out of him. &quot;No. I don't want anything
  from you,&quot; he hissed. &quot;Just beat me and get it over with, Master.&quot; 
 &quot;Now, now, do not be this way. You should snatch what grace I offer.
  If I thought that you did not want this--&quot; His hands warmed Mark's skin,
  and his voice grew hard. &quot;You do not want me to think you are resisting,
  do you?&quot; 
 Mark wasn't stupid. He heard the warning in Azrael's voice. He either convinced
  this mad thing that he wanted this, or he'd end up with a quick sex change. &quot;Why
  are you doing this?&quot; he whispered. &quot;Why make me ask for it? Just
  do what you want. I don't care, but making me beg.&quot; He looked away, and
  down. &quot;If I beg, I die inside.&quot; 
 Azrael grinned. He was reaching the boy. Vincent just never gave him a chance.
  Soon he would be his, as much by his own admission as by fact. &quot;Yes, boy,
  but better the little death than what will happen if I feel you are refusing
  me.&quot; He looked down at the erection in his hand. &quot;Your body finds
  pleasure, even if your mind rejects it. Would 
it not be easier to allow me this, to enjoy what kindness I grant?&quot; 
 Mark was ashamed at his body's response. He didn't want this, didn't want
  to admit that anything this 'thing'   did had an effect
  on him. But his body had a mind of its own. &quot;What do you want me to do?&quot; He
  closed his eyes as he gave in. The hunger, the need, ate at him. 
 Azrael stopped his play long enough to put away the knife. He had won for
  now. True, it had been with force and threats, but it would soon be freely
  given. &quot;What do you want? I believe you mentioned a 'blow job' earlier.
  Would you like that? Or do you need my full attention? If you ask for it, I
  promise 
I will not hurt you.&quot; He lay Mark on the bed and leaned over him. &quot;Would
  you like that, pet? I will make it wonderful, but only if you allow it.&quot; 
 Allow it. He would have to allow it. Mark licked his lips. He wasn't a fool.
  He knew what was being asked. But could he do it? He'd always hated faggots.
  Any man who would let some guy do him up the ass was a sicko pervert. Now he
  was being forced to be one. It made him want to vomit, and yet, he wanted to
  submit. &quot;Is that what you want?&quot; His closed his eyes as he lay there. &quot;I--I'll
  do it, but.&quot; 
 &quot;But what, pet? Come tell me your fear. If you are afraid of the pain,
  I promise. I will not hurt you. Forget my earlier words. There will be almost
  no pain. But you must ask for it. I offer this just once. If you do not take
  it, I will not be so kind next time. Mark, it can hurt greatly at the beginning.&quot; He
  admired Mark's body. The young man was beautiful, as strong as he looked, his
  manhood tall and proud. Oh, the things he could do with such a darling pet. 
 The silence lasted far too long for Azrael's comfort. What was his pet thinking
  of, now? &quot;But I'm not gay,&quot; Mark finally said, revulsion in his tone. &quot;I'm
  not a faggot. I don't like it. The thought always makes me sick.&quot; 
 Oh, this was lovely. Not, only was the boy heterosexual, but a homophobe
  as well. It could not have been better if Azrael had planned it. &quot;Were
  you sickened when I kissed you, pet? When I touch you now, like this, are you
  in danger of soiling the sheets?&quot; There was more than just a hint of sarcasm
  tohis voice. 
 Mark almost assented, then stopped. A blush rose on his body as he realized
  that no, he was not sickened. He had gave himself to the kiss, had welcomed
  it, and now, if anything, he wanted to finish this. He needed it, more that
  he had ever needed a woman before. He didn't want to admit that he felt anything. &quot;No,&quot; he
  whispered, not certain which question he answered. 
 &quot;Poor pet, you have no idea what is going on, do you? Would you rather
  I made it easy for you? I can, you know. I can make you want this, take away
  the shame for now. Would that be better? All you have to do is ask me.&quot; Azrael's
  lips traced the line of Mark's jaw. &quot;Tell me you want me to take your
  will. I promise, you will love it.&quot; 
 A break, Mark couldn't believe it. He was actually being offered an out.
  It would be easy, then. He could submit, and not be responsible for anything
  that happened. He knew that Azrael was telling the truth, that if he asked,
  Azrael could make it so he wanted it. He almost agreed. He wanted to so much,
  but again he stopped short. He didn't want to be a mindless puppet. That was
  what he hated most about all of this. He had always acted by his own decision. &quot;No,&quot; he
  said sighing. &quot;If I have to do this, I'd just as soon do it as me, and
  not one of your zombies.&quot; 
 &quot;Are you asking me, pet?&quot; This was more than Azrael had ever hoped
  for. There had been others, as rebellious as Mark, who had wanted the oblivion.
  This boy wasn't a coward. He was willing to go forward with his eyes open. &quot;You
  are mine. Do you want me to prove it?&quot; 
 Mark's fists clinched as he gathered himself. He either said 'yes'  ,
  gave in, or he'd end up being fucked anyway. But if he refused, Azrael would
  make him pay and pay big. &quot;Yeah,&quot; he sighed, fuck it, he might as
  well get something out of it. &quot;I'm asking.&quot; 
 Azrael threw his head back and laughed. &quot;You sound like I am making
  you beg to be tortured.&quot; He stood and smiled down at his pet. &quot;Come,
  slave, undress me. Show me you want this.&quot; He held out a hand as Mark
  sat up. &quot;Let me feel your hands on my body. Join me in this.&quot; 
 Mark stared at him. He had been expecting to be fucked, plain and simple,
  not take an active part in it. But he should have known that it wouldn't be
  that easy. Not only did he have to bend over. He had to open his mouth. 
 &quot;Having second thoughts?&quot; Azrael's eyes and tone hardened. &quot;Do
  not tease me, boy. It is all, or nothing. I am being over-generous right now,
  and I do not have time to be any more giving. Morning will be here soon, and
  I have yet to tuck in my sweet one. Come here. I will not ask again.&quot; 
 &quot;Jeez,&quot; Mark commented as he obeyed. He wasn't ready to fight
  again. He'd lost the last round, and knew it, but couldn't yet accept that
  he had lost the war. &quot;Gimme a break, will ya?&quot; he muttered as he
  fumbled with the buttons on Azrael's shirt. 
 The slap knocked him back onto the bed. Azrael straddled him, holding him
  in place. &quot;Give you a break?&quot; His hand locked around Mark's throat. &quot;You
  are a fool.&quot; Fingers tightened as he struggled. &quot;You have no idea
  how much of a break I am giving you.&quot; His eyes bore into Mark's. &quot;Can
  you possibly comprehend the power I command? With a thought, I could crush
  your mind and leave you a drooling simpleton. Or I could lock you in a hell
  from which there is no escape. You play a dangerous game, slave.&quot; His
  face was inches from Mark's. &quot;I had so hoped that you would be wise. I
  could have taken you, you know that, instead I allow you to remain whole, and
  how do you thank me?&quot; Again he slapped the young man. He struck again
  and again, knocking Mark's head side-to-side. 
 Mark tried to push Azrael away, but his efforts only further angered the
  vampire. &quot;Don't,&quot; he got out, flinching as the hand pause over him. &quot;Please,&quot; he
  begged, defeated and terrified. &quot;Please, Master.&quot; 
 &quot;What game do you play now?&quot; 
 &quot;No game,&quot; he swallowed blood. &quot;I'm sorry, I wasn't trying
  to be a jerk. I don't know what to do, okay? I've never done this before.&quot; Slowly,
  knowing, the abuse could begin again, he reached for Azrael. His head ached.
  No one, not even his father, had ever hit him that hard before. &quot;See.&quot; His
  fingers reached for the fastenings of Azrael's pants. &quot;I'm trying, Master.
  Please help me.&quot; 
 Azrael watched with unconcealed curiosity as, Mark reached to pull his manhood
  from the restraints of his garments. &quot;I see.&quot; And he did. He had
  lost his temper and lashed out, when his pet had done no more than reach out
  for help. The words were unfortunate, but only a common phrase that expressed
  his ignorance. Guilt, now, at the red marks that would become bruises, and
  the blood that trickled from Mark's lip. &quot;My apologies, pet. But you must
  be more careful with what you say. I demand respect at all times.&quot; 
 Mark nodded. He wouldn't need another reminder. &quot;I'll be careful.&quot; 
 The hardness in his hands was cool to Mark's touch. He'd noticed this, the
  few times that David had fed from him. A vampires body temperature was lower
  than a normal person's was. &quot;May I ask you a question?&quot; 
 Azrael moved off of him slowly, sat beside him, and caught his hand. He
  gently and reassuringly squeezed Mark's fingers. &quot;What is it you wish
  to know?&quot; 
 &quot;What's your name, I--&quot; Mark flinched at the frown. &quot;Forget
  it, Master, I won't ask again.&quot; 
 &quot;Why do you ask?&quot; 
 Would the beating start again? &quot;Never mind. It's not important. I only
  figured if I was going to, you know, do this, that it would be cool to know
  your name.&quot; He watched Azrael's hand, jumping back as it reached to stroke
  his cheek. &quot;Please, don't. I won't ask again.&quot; 
 &quot;Azrael.&quot; The vampire leaned forward to lick the blood from Mark's
  lip, then kissed him softly. &quot;My name is Azrael. Would you prefer to use
  it? If you promise that you will be good, no fighting, I will allow you the
  freedoms I allow all my pets.&quot; 
 &quot;I don't know if I can.&quot; Mark admitted. &quot;Please, wait, I'm
  trying, but.&quot; 
 &quot;Tell you what. I will punish you first, then take you. You will go
  to your rest with the memory of pleasure, instead pain. Your efforts are well
  received, pet. I will try to curb my anger at you while you learn.&quot; 
 'Punished'  . The word chilled Mark's blood. He was
  to be punished. Azrael's attack had shown him how much force the vampire could
  command. &quot;Do you have to? I'm sorry. I won't do it again. I might not
  go into this easily, but I won't cuss anyone, I swear. Please, Azrael. See,
  I'm begging.&quot; 
 &quot;Hush, you 'will'   be punished. If you regret
  your actions, then the punishment will be more effective. But I shall grant
  you one last kindness. It will be bare-handed, over my knee, instead of with
  a belt across your back.&quot; He laid a finger over Mark's lips. &quot;Ssshh
  boy, any argument now will only worsen it.&quot; 
 Humiliating. He was to be spanked, like a bad boy. A beating would have
  been better. At least then he could have held on to what was left of his pride,
  but no, a spanking. &quot;Okay.&quot; He bit his lip to keep form doing anything
  stupid. His balls were still aching from the earlier abuse. The knife was still
  too close for comfort. And he knew his master--yes face it, his master--would
  hurt him. Azrael had proven that. Abuse, emasculation, rape, but not death,
  he was ashamed at how much of a coward he had been, but he'd do anything to
  keep from getting fucked up again. 
 &quot;Lay over my knees. Show me your willingness to obey.&quot; Azrael
  couldn't wait to get his hands on this one. To see him, cry with pleasure and
  shame. He knew that Mark, no matter how much, he tried, would hate every caress,
  despair at any kindness. It threw him into territory that he couldn't understand.
  Abuse he feared, and would fight to prevent, but pleasure- 'that'   was
  where the true torment would lie. For Mark would enjoy it despite his aversion. &quot;I
  will allow you to cry, but there will be no begging until it is over. Every
  word you utter will add five blows to the fifty you are promised. Show me that
  self-control you pride yourself on, or we might be here till dawn and you will
  miss your one opportunity for a painless deflowering.&quot; 
 Mark's obeyed, keeping his mouth shut. Accepting his fate. 
 His breath, was, knocked from him by the first brutal blow. 'Kindness'  ,
  his mind screamed. 'My God, he thinks this is a kindness'  .
  He had never been beaten like this, each blow sounding into the quiet, the
  pain unlike any he had ever been forced to endure. It mingled with the horror
  and degradation of being spanked. But this was no spanking; this was a beating.
  He'd not do it again, he swore to himself, screaming as Azrael's hand reached
  under to ravage his manhood, squeezing his balls to the crushing point. 
 Azrael added strength to the blows as, Mark cried and squirmed, but the
  boy didn't pull away. &quot;Be still, Mark, or I will have to hurt you more.&quot; 
 Mark was beyond thought, or reason. The pain had pushed him into a dark
  corner of his mind, one that he had hidden in as a child, when his drunken
  father would abuse his mother and him. His screams were reduced to mindless
  whimpers as Azrael delivered the final blow. He slid to the floor, curling
  up into a protective ball, arms locked over his head. 
 &quot;Mark,&quot; Azrael knelt beside him. &quot;Come here, pet. Let me
  hold you.&quot; 
 &quot;No!&quot; He struggled blindly as Azrael pulled him up. &quot;Please,
  please Daddy, don't hit me again. I'm sorry, I won't do it no more, I promise,
  I'll be good.&quot; He was out of his mind. 
 Azrael went cold at the words. He should have known. No one grows to be
  so hate-filled without reason. &quot;Ssshh, stop.&quot; His power pressed down
  just enough to break the resistance. &quot;Mark, pet.&quot; He reached out
  to lift the young man's chin. &quot;Come back. Your father is not here. The
  punishment is over. Come back to me.&quot; 
 Mark's eyes slowly lost the wild look. &quot;Please.&quot; His voice was
  harsh from screaming. &quot;Don't, please, I'll do it. Anything, fuck me. Anything
  you say. Just don't send me back there again.&quot; 
 &quot;Look at me.&quot; Enough of this; he would not have a pet of his,
  not even this one, afraid of past haunts. &quot;Listen to me, pet. No more,
  be good. Be sweet, no more.&quot; He silenced the sobs with a mental command,
  forcing quiet on the younger man. &quot;There is no pain, other than what the
  spanking gave you. And that brings warmth to your groin, makes you need this
  even more. The rest is gone.&quot; For now, he had won. How long his victory
  would last was uncertain, but he was willing to bet that Mark would never fight
  him as he had fought Vincent. 
 Mark's arms moved of their own volition. They circled Azrael's neck as his
  mouth opened under the demanding lips. The agony in his groin was gone, leaving
  only a need, a need so great that it surpassed anything he had ever felt. No
  woman, no matter, how pretty or experienced, had ever made him feel like this. &quot;Yes.&quot; He
  buried his face in the long silkiness of Azrael's hair, as again a hand found
  him. 
 &quot;It is late, my sweet pet. If I stay with you any longer, I will not
  be able to tend to Morgan.&quot; 
 &quot;But--&quot; Mark froze. &quot;Please, don't. I did what you said.
  I didn't say anything.&quot; Azrael would rape him, now. That had been the
  threat. But he hadn't broken the rule. Why was he being punished now? &quot;What
  did I do?&quot; 
 &quot;Ssshh,&quot; arms tightened around him as he cradled the now-frightened
  boy. &quot;Wait, let me finish.&quot; 
 Mark hardly breathed. 
 &quot;Good. I have no intention of breaking my promise. I have to take you
  with me.&quot; Azrael waited, letting the new information sink in. &quot;If
  I do this, pet, allow you near my new love, can I trust you? You will sleep
  with her. When I leave with the dawn, it will be to rest. If I allow this,
  can I count on you to be wise?&quot; 
 It confused Mark. This man kept switching from kind too cruel and back again.
  He was lost in the switch. Not even his father had been like this. &quot;Wise?&quot; 
 &quot;If I allow you near my little one, will you disappoint me? Can I trust
  you to be good? If you hurt her while I sleep, I would be very upset with you.&quot; The
  threat was there, clear and unmistakable. 
 &quot;I--&quot; Mark stopped and thought about it. If he behaved, he would
  at least not be alone. &quot;I promise.&quot; 
 &quot;You will like Morgan. She is a sweet and exceptionally loving girl.
  I would rather the two of you share the daylight hours, but only if I can trust
  you not to hurt her.&quot; 
 A little of his spunk returned as he sat up and pulled away. &quot;Be serious,
  man. There is no way in hell I'm gonna do anything you don't like.&quot; He
  tried to smile. &quot;I know what you can do, and I'd just as soon not live
  through that again.&quot; 
 &quot;Good, then let us go. She probably thinks that I have forgotten her.&quot; He
  lifted Mark's chin. &quot;Always remember, this; any time the two of you play,
  you be gentle with her. She is still very weak, recovering from cancer. I do
  not mind if the two of you choose to be close, only that you be careful.&quot; He
  stroked his cheek. &quot;You can be gentle, can you not?&quot; 
 &quot;Yeah, I won't hurt nobody, I swear.&quot; Mark closed his eyes and
  pressed his face into Azrael's hand. He should feel humiliation, but at that
  moment, all he felt was glad to be alive. 
 &quot;Good boy. Now down. You will still crawl.&quot; He shook his head
  at the hurt look. &quot;Oh, I am pleased with you, never doubt that but let
  us be honest; you still hate me, and if you could get free, you would. We both
  know it. So until the last of your rebelliousness is gone, you will crawl everywhere.
  You will remain without clothes, and will obey anyone who speaks to you, Kin
  and kine alike.&quot; 
 &quot;'Kine'?&quot; He had never heard of that word before. 
 &quot;Yes. It is what you, our pets, are. It is an old word for cattle.&quot; 
 'Wonderful'  , "Master, do I have to obey everyone?&quot; He
  knew that David hated him as much as he did him in return. 
 &quot;Yes, pet, anyone. But do not be afraid, no one will hurt you. If you
  are bad, it is I who wields the whip.&quot; He pulled back. &quot;Down pet,
  let us go.&quot; 
CHAPTER 11 
 Mark crawled as quickly as he could behind Azrael, hoping beyond hope that
  no one would see him. This was just too much. He had never been so humiliated
  as he had been tonight. What more would he be forced to bear before he paid
  the bill? And David--it didn't matter that Azrael had promised that he wouldn't
  let anyone hurt him. He knew David. It would be only a matter of time before
  David got him. David would eventually get over his aversion to touching him,
  and then. 
 Azrael shook his head. The boy had no faith in him. Well, no matter, that
  would change. He paused at a door and knocked on it lightly, before entering. &quot;I
  hope the accommodations are to your liking,&quot; he smiled at David, who lay
  on the bed, curled up close to his pet. 
 &quot;Yes, thank you, Master. I've convinced my pet here that things are
  looking up.&quot; He looked at Mark. &quot;I'm surprised he's still alive.&quot; 
 Azrael was genuinely surprised. &quot;Why would he not be? Really, Childe,
  he is not as bad as you made out. A firm hand was all he needed. He is becoming
  quite a darling.&quot; He smiled down at Mark. &quot;Come here, pet.&quot; 
 David wasn't just amazed at what he saw. He was floored as, Mark allowed
  himself to be pulled into Azrael's arms. There was no control used. &quot;How?&quot; 
 &quot;You just never gave him a chance. He is quite sweet once you get past
  the hate.&quot; 
 &quot;Mark.&quot; David didn't know what to think. He had felt certain that
  if anyone could push an immortal into a fit of rage, it was this one. But then,
  by the look of him, battered and bruised, Azrael had had a time of it winning. 
 &quot;Master?&quot; He looked at David from the safety of Azrael's arms. 
 &quot;So you finally gave in.&quot; He laughed. &quot;Azrael, I am impressed.&quot; 
 &quot;Thank you.&quot; Azrael smiled. &quot;Vincent, I want him to hear
  this, so that he believes me. He is afraid of you. Your animosity for him is
  fact. He is worried that you will take your revenge.&quot; 
 He nodded. &quot;The thought has crossed my mind. Am I to assume that it
  is a no go?&quot; 
 &quot;Very much so. I have promised him that no one but I will ever harm
  him. So I want him to hear me as I tell you. If you wish to amuse yourself
  with him, he will of course obey. But- 'do not hurt him'  .&quot; 
 David nodded. &quot;As Joey would say, 'got ya'  .
  I won't hurt a hair on his head. My word.&quot; 
 &quot;See, pet.&quot; Azrael smiled up at Mark. &quot;Now, you go over and
  ask his forgiveness. That way it will be over and it will not haunt you.&quot; 
 Mark looked at Azrael, before going to kneel by the bed. &quot;David, man,
  I'm sorry.&quot; 
 David looked down at him, trying hard to believe that anyone had been able
  to bring about such a change. &quot;I don't believe it.&quot; He just couldn't
  believe that Mark, of all people, was kneeling here apologizing. Anyone else,
  yes, but Mark? 
 &quot;Please.&quot; Mark knew what would happen if he failed to convince
  this one of his sincerity. &quot;Come on, David. Don't do this, man. I was
  wrong, I'm sorry. Please, you'll get me beaten again.&quot; 
 &quot;You're serious. Azrael really bested you, didn't he?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes sir.&quot; 
 David sat up on the bed, swung around to perch on the edge, looking down
  at Mark before reaching to pull his head forward. &quot;Kiss it, pet.&quot; He
  thrust gently against his lips. &quot;Go on, take it into your mouth. Don't
  be shy. I won't ask you to blow me, tonight, but I want to see you do it.&quot; 
 Mark wanted to die right then and there. He wanted to say, no, to pull away
  and lash out. But he knew that doing that would only get him killed. So he
  sighed, and obeyed. His kiss was stiff, and when he took David's cock into
  him, he broke down into tears. He knelt, tears streaming down his face, with
  David's hardening erection in his mouth. 
 &quot;Go on Mark, suck on it.&quot; It was more than David could have imagined.
  No wonder the Elder hadn't, killed Mark when he was offered. Aaron had never
  really put up a fight, aside from the first night, when he had reacted out
  of ignorance and fear. But Mark had been a fireball. &quot;You do know, Mark,
  that with a little time, you could become very good at that,&quot; he praised
  him. 
 &quot;Vincent.&quot; Azrael could have kissed the young vampire. Mark was
  completely vanquished now. &quot;Much as I enjoy watching my boy pleasing you,
  I must go. Tomorrow evening, you can play with him all you want. I'd most enjoy
  watching you, of all of us, commanding him. He owes you much for his misbehavior.&quot; 
 &quot;Gladly, Master.&quot; He touched Mark's cheek. &quot;Pull away, Mark.
  Come kiss me goodnight.&quot; 
 'You'd think that if I could blow him, kissing would be easy'  .
  Again there was a war in his soul as he let the hard maleness slip from his
  mouth. He stood, allowed David to pull him close. It was being asked to reach
  out this way that was harder. Blowing David meant that he was ordered to perform,
  but as his arms locked around the vampire's shoulders, and their tongues met
  in a mutual sensual dance, he knew that to kiss was an agreement of two persons,
  a sharing. He didn't want to share this. The shame rose as he nuzzled David's
  neck, biting lightly at the base of his throat. 
 &quot;Azrael, he is wonderful, I applaud you.&quot; David released him. 
 &quot;Thank you. I will see you at dusk.&quot; He motioned for Mark to drop
  and follow him. 
 The cold of the floor helped to cool Mark's body. He burned with self-disgust.
  Shame was too light a word for his feelings. He had enjoyed the feel of a cock
  in his mouth. Savored that taste that still teased his senses. The kiss had
  made him ache with a want that overwhelmed him, riding roughshod over the shame
  and humiliation that he had felt. 
 Azrael chuckled to himself as the younger man's thought played out. This
  was going to prove to be very interesting. He had not seen a pet this disturbed
  by simple pleasures in a long time. The boy would provide hours of entertainment,
  at least for a while. He would break Mark slowly, allow him to hope, just to
  watch how he struggled to hold up under the strain when it was yanked away.
  He might even begin to love this one as he watched him suffer. 
 * * * 
 Morgan sat up in bed as the door opened. &quot;Azrael?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, sweet. Were you expecting any other?&quot; He waited for Mark
  to crawl in before closing the door. &quot;I told you I would come before light.
  Did you doubt me?&quot; 
 She looked at Mark. He was a mess, both sides of his face red, with bruises
  forming. Azrael had beaten him. &quot;No. It's just so late, I wondered.&quot; Why
  was he here? She wanted to ask, but wasn't sure she wanted the answer. 
 &quot;The sun can not touch me here, and I am old enough that I can remain
  awake after sunrise, if I so choose.&quot; He moved to sit on the bed beside
  her. &quot;Mark will be staying with you when I go to sleep. There is no reason
  why you two should sleep alone.&quot; He pulled her close. &quot;This is so
  very new to you, and you are so young. For a while, the daylight hours will
  be hard for you.&quot; 
 &quot;But he's--&quot; Mark wasn't like the others. 
 &quot;Pet,&quot; he chided, &quot;surely, you do not think I would allow
  anyone near you who would harm you? Mark might be a bit rough around the edges,
  and it might be a while before he is as sweet as you are. But believe me, he
  knows what will happen to him if he hurts you. Trust me, Morgan. You are safe.
  The two of you will be able to enjoy the hours in solitude.&quot; 
 She crawled into his lap. The thought of spending time with Mark didn't
  thrill her, but if there was nothing she could do about it, there was nothing
  she could do about it. &quot;Make love to me.&quot; She needed to feel wanted
  right now. Everything had changed so much. Her head swam with it. 
 &quot;I will, of course, but I promised my boy here my time, first. Would
  you join us, let him taste the sweetness of your sex while I enjoy him? Since
  he is my pet as well, he has every right to share you.&quot; 
 &quot;I have to sleep with him&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, sweet, you do. You have to share yourself with anyone in this
  house, save your brother.&quot; He searched her face. &quot;Am I going to have
  problems with you because of this?&quot; He put just enough warning into his
  voice, to let her know that arguments were not allowed. 
 &quot;No.&quot; She trembled now. He could kill. And while she believed
  that he would never kill her, she wasn't foolish enough to believe that he
  wouldn't punish her if she went against him. &quot;I promise.&quot; 
 &quot;Good.&quot; He hugged her tightly. &quot;I am pleased to see your
  willingness to obey. Such sweetness is always rewarded.&quot; He kissed her
  softly, feeling her body press against his. &quot;Lay back sweet, let us show
  our rebellious one how wonderful this life can be.&quot; 
 Morgan lay back, watching Azrael. &quot;Watch, pet. See how well he obeys.&quot; 
 Mark looked up at this. &quot;Master?&quot; What would he have to do now? 
 &quot;Undress me, pet. You were anxious to put your hands on my body. Let
  us see that willingness again.&quot; He held out a hand and pulled the boy
  against him. &quot;I want you.&quot; He said, in a soft whisper that held promise
  and threat. 
 Mark closed his eyes, accepting the situation. There would be no turning
  back, despite his disgust at the whole situation. 'Okay, he wants
  me. Fine we'll see how much he likes it when I don't fight'  . He
  ran his hands under Azrael's shirt, as so many of his girlfriends had done
  to him. Hope flared. Maybe this wouldn't be so hard. 'After all,
  I've taught more than one girl what to do'  . 
 Azrael was a little surprised at the demand in Mark's kisses. He'd been
  sure that he would have to walk his new one through this step by step, but
  Mark had leaped in with both feet. Hands hot on his skin as his mouth drew
  much-needed passion. &quot;Down,&quot; he whispered against Mark's cheek, &quot;let
  me feel your mouth on me, pet. I am pleased with you.&quot; 
 Mark struggled with the buttons of Azrael's pants in his haste, tasting
  the hardness as it leapt free from confinement. He was torn between the intense
  erotic stimulation of the sent and taste, and the horror of his actions. No,
  he pushed the negative emotions away. 'I'll worry about what all
  this means later'  . For now, all he wanted to do was get this done,
  to end the ache in his gut. 
 He pulled away for a moment and wet the middle finger of his right hand.
  Azrael was obviously gay, so Mark counted on him enjoying this. He blindly
  with his finger wet, began to rub his master's crinkled bud. Then with a hope
  that he wouldn't be frowned at, he slipped the finger into Azrael's anus. Azrael's
  moan of pleasure was heady. 'Yes, enjoy. Be happy'  .
  He thought, as he thrust shyly. 
 *I am, pet. You are proving to be well worth the trouble. *   Azrael's
  thoughts were soothing as he reached to pull him away. &quot;Do not be so shy,
  Mark. You could never hurt me.&quot; Azrael held him for a moment, letting
  his actions relay how pleased he was. Perhaps the boy wouldn't have to suffer.
  With the right amount of pressure, this one could be as sweet as any, of his,
  darlings. &quot;On the bed precious, lay down, let me show you the same.&quot; 
 Morgan moved over as Mark hurried to obey. He had done it. It would finally
  end. He wanted this. Oh, God, how he wanted this. 
 Azrael stepped from his pants and lay over the boy, pressing him down into
  the bedding. &quot;I am going to drive you to such heights. You are going to
  thank me for this, boy. Trust me.&quot; Then to Morgan, who sat watching. &quot;Straddle
  his face, love. There is no reason you should be left out. Enjoy this with
  us.&quot; 
 After a moments thought, she straddled Mark, facing away from Azrael. Mark
  grabbed her hips. &quot;I won't hurt you.&quot; His eyes met hers. &quot;I
  won't.&quot; He pulled her down to his mouth, fingers parting her nether lips
  to allow his own lips, and, tongue access. 
 Morgan cried out softly at the touch. Sex was still new to her, but she
  was learning what felt good. His mouth and fingers, sucking and thrusting,
  felt wonderful. 
 Azrael nodded to himself. Good, there was not going to be a problem. Mark
  understood what was expected, and Morgan, sweet darling child that she was,
  was as willing and wanton as she had been earlier. Oh, the nights he could
  look forward to as they became used to their new life. 
 Mark tensed as he felt Azrael's fangs gently rake up his cock. He froze,
  waiting for the pain. But nothing happened, except the powerful feel of drawing,
  and a gentle hand on his balls. He was ready, now, if it would only end. His
  cries opened his mouth farther, allowing Morgan to feel more of his mouth as
  his teeth and lips locked around her clitoris, fingers thrusting in time with
  the maddeningly intense movements on his need. 'Don't stop'  ,
  he prayed. 'Please, God, don't let him stop'  . 
 She shouldn't have been worried. stopping was the last thing Azrael had
  in mind. The boy was responding so well, so freely. Morgan's cries served to
  mingle with the pleasure of his deeds to bring him great satisfaction. Once
  Mark was given all he had, the boy would be willing to do anything to feel
  it again. 
 &quot;That's it, baby,&quot; Mark's voice sounded out over Morgan's moans. &quot;Open
  up, cum.&quot; He thrust his fingers faster, teeth latching on to her clitoris,
  holding her in place as his tongue began rapidly flicking over the very core
  of her pleasure. 
 Morgan screamed, as her hips thrust down and she rode the waves of heat
  that rose from her groin to swell through her whole body. The intensity of
  her pleasure was so great, so all encompassing, that for one brief second she
  would do anything to show her gratitude. 
 Mark's choked cry followed hers, as the heat finally released, and the mouth
  that pulled on him with painful force took him to the end. 
 &quot;Do not move.&quot; Azrael straddled Mark, his body pressing against
  Morgan's. &quot;I am going to take you now, my sweet one. Your cries have inflamed
  me.&quot; He bent her forwards, holding her up so that Mark's mouth could continue
  to work its magic, even as he filled her. &quot;Mark, pull your hand away,
  pet, let me give her this.&quot; 
 Mark felt the additional weight as Azrael's hard maleness took the place
  of his fingers, but it wasn't crushing. He was lost beyond all rhyme or reason.
  Joining Azrael in making love to this woman was the most wonderful thing he
  had ever felt. 
 Morgan was drawn tight, lost in the cresting waves of heat that battered
  her body as the thrusting cock forced her against the mouth merciless in its
  demands, and as Mark's hands rose capturing her breasts in his rough caress,
  she became a mad thing. Lost in a continual wave of joy, she shrieked once
  as her pleasure reached a point that snapped something deep within, driving
  her to unconsciousness with the glory. 
 Mark felt her slip just before Azrael snatched her up, holding her to him
  as he too gave in. 
 &quot;Poor thing.&quot; He brushed the hair-wisps from her face as he held
  her limp body. &quot;We were too much for her, it would seem.&quot; 
 &quot;What happened?&quot; Mark pulled himself clear. His confusion became
  fear as he looked at her. &quot;I didn't do anything.&quot; Would the hell
  start again? &quot;I swear I, didn't, hurt her.&quot; He would be blamed. He
  knew it. He always was. &quot;Please, Azrael,&quot; he begged, hands covering
  his groin as he retreated on the bed. 
 Azrael gave him a brief look. &quot;Hush, Mark. This is not your doing.
  She has had more of my blood than you have. It tends to intensify everything.
  You are in no trouble, I promise.&quot; He brushed his lips over her brow. &quot;Wake
  up, sweet,&quot; he urged, giving just a tiny push to her. Too much could be
  damaging. &quot;Open your eyes, pretty.&quot; 
 A sigh escaped her as she returned to consciousness. &quot;What happened?&quot; There
  was no fear, just confusion. 
 &quot;You fainted, sweet. We were too much for you. Your body is still so
  new to my power. I should have been expected it and been prepared.&quot; Azrael
  smiled softly. &quot;Did you enjoy yourself, Morgan? Mark needs to know that
  he caused you no distress.&quot; 
 She moaned as she stretched. Every nerve was still alive and tingling warmly
  in her. &quot;It was great.&quot; She turned her head to smile at Mark. &quot;It
  was wonderful, really.&quot; 
 One could almost see the tension flow out of him. Regardless of Azrael's
  reassurances, Mark had refused to relax till Morgan had agreed. 
 &quot;Pet, you are going to have to learn to have faith in me.&quot; Azrael
  extended a hand, allowing the younger man to curl up next to him. &quot;Let
  me lay Morgan down. It is your turn. I have promised you this.&quot; He smiled
  warmly. It would feel wonderful to have this one under him. 
 Mark swallowed a lump as he watched Azrael settle Morgan on one side of
  the bed, fussing at her to rest. A low, anticipatory hum filled him. Now, it
  would be now. 
 Azrael smiled in admiration at Mark's beauty. He hadn't been wrong about
  this young man's build. Such power and grace. How could anyone who saw it not
  want it? &quot;Come to me,&quot; he said kneeling on the bed and pulling the
  boy down. 
 'No words for now'  , Mark prayed. He knelt before
  Azrael, his hands moving down his master's back to grasp the hard half-moons
  of his buttocks, grinding him slowly against his own groin. They kissed, Mark
  moaning softly as Azrael's finger found and teased his virgin hole. Words would
  spoil this, would force the truth to be known again. He wanted this now. Not
  because he had no choice, but because he needed it, and he 
didn't want to be reminded of his true purpose. 
 The aged vampire did not know whether to laugh or applaud Mark's new wantonness. 
 Azrael turned him gently, hand reaching to smear the slick moisture seeping
  from the tip over the head of his shaft, mingling with the traces of his pleasure
  with Morgan, to lubricate himself for entry. He had won for now. The boy in
  his grasp was ready. His body pressed back against his chest of its own accord,
  arms reaching up around his neck, pulling him even closer in his need. 
 The sweet, gripping tightness of his muscles sent pulses of painful ecstasy
  shooting through his hips and chest. He fed all this pleasure back into his
  lover, flooding it over the natural discomfort of first entry. Mark gave a
  low, open-mouthed, cry as Azrael thrust forward sharply to bury himself to
  the base. 
 The feelings were fabulous. Mark couldn't believe this, could not accept
  it. He bucked back against Azrael with every thrust, mouth reaching to meet
  his master's, as Azrael's fingers tightened around him, setting up rhythm. 
 &quot;You feel so good, pet.&quot; Azrael nipped the back of his neck. &quot;It
  has been long indeed since I felt such sweet tightness. The pleasure I am gong
  to have exploring it is going to be beyond your wildest fantasies.&quot; 
 Mark only whimpered low as his orgasm rushed through him, leaving him unbelievably
  vulnerable in its wake. 
 &quot;Down.&quot; Hands pushed him forward, forcing his face into the pillows
  as hands grasped his hips and the thrusts became harder. He cried out with
  new force as he was driven hard into the firmness of the mattress. 
 Azrael released his passions, driving harder and harder into the hot, rough
  heat that was his lover. He allowed all his power to fill him, branding Mark,
  driving home his ownership in a way that stripped the few illusions from Mark's
  soul. Mark's half-coherent pleas were music as he came, losing himself in the
  moment of passion's pinnacle. 
 Azrael pulled away for a moment afterwards, to clean himself, then to return
  to do the same to his pet. He was very pleased. The boy had done wonderfully. &quot;Did
  you like your reward, Mark?&quot; He pulled the young man into his arms. 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; He blushed. &quot;Thank you.&quot; 
 &quot;Was it all that you feared?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; He buried his face in Azrael's hair. &quot;Worse, much
  worse.&quot; 
 &quot;Why? I did not hurt you.&quot; He wanted to hear the boy say it, know
  that he knew it freely. 
 &quot;No. I--you made me like it. I loved it. That's why it's worse. If
  it had hurt, I would still be in control. I fought, but it was wonderful. I
  lost myself in it.&quot; 
 &quot;Would you have rather I hurt you?&quot; 
 &quot;No, almost, but no. I know what you can do.&quot; He pulled away a
  little. &quot;How about you, Master?&quot; 
 &quot;Are you asking me if I enjoyed myself?&quot; Azrael asked, amazed. &quot;Of
  course I did. If, I was, not completely satisfied, we would still be busy.
  I promise you many hours exploring these mysteries.&quot; He sat up. He was
  fully aware of how late it was for him. &quot;But, alas, for now, I must sleep.
  It's very late. Run, relieve yourself before I chain you.&quot; 
 Mark was too tired to argue. &quot;Yes, sir.&quot; He obeyed shoulders drooped
  and head down. He had lost. No doubt, about it, no hope of winning. There was
  no going back, no rescue. He would be anything Azrael demanded. He had no choice. 
 Azrael lifted Morgan into his arms, kissing her softly. &quot;It is bedtime,
  pretty one. I will not be able to chain you both, so I want your word, you
  will be good?&quot; 
 &quot;Good.&quot; She giggled. &quot;Where would I go?&quot; 
 &quot;Nowhere.&quot; Good, she understood. He was worrying for nothing.
  This one was very much like her brother. He would not have any difficulties
  from her. &quot;Try to be understanding with Mark. This is very new to him.
  During his time of adjustment, we need to support him as much as possible.&quot; 
 She nodded. It worried her a little, to be left alone with him, but Azrael
  promised she wouldn't be in danger. She had to trust him. &quot;Can I get a
  shower before I go back to sleep?&quot; 
 &quot;Of course you may. Within this room you have full freedom. There is
  even a razor in there, so you can shave the rest of this hair off like I had
  suggested. I will leave Maria a note to bring food later. I am sure you will
  be hungry.&quot; He tweaked her nose before looking at Mark. &quot;Oh, finished
  I see. Well, come here, I am in something of a hurry.&quot; Mark lay where
  Azrael pointed, eyes closing as his wrists were manacled. &quot;Soon, you will
  only wear one, but for now we both know it is best to remove temptation.&quot; 
 &quot;I know.&quot; What could he say? Left up to his own devices, he'd
  be stupid, and he knew it. &quot;What happens tomorrow night?&quot; 
 &quot;We will continue your training. Consider, if you can, ways of placating
  me. For I will not tolerate argument, and I fear you will be punished nightly
  for a while.&quot; 
 &quot;You're going to beat me again?&quot; Mark tensed. &quot;I don't get
  it. I thought I did what you wanted.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, and I am very pleased with you. But until you tame your mouth,
  you will be dealt with severely. Tomorrow night, if you fail me in any way,
  I will let Vincent have you, and allow him his aggressions.&quot; Mark's eyes
  widened. &quot;Within reason, of course. He will not be allowed to mar your
  skin, or do any real damage. But I have proven that you can cause someone quite
  a lot of pain without hurting them severely. But if you are good, and obey
  without fuss, you will have an evening full of pleasure as you entertain us.&quot; Azrael
  bent and kissed him. &quot;Morgan has gone for a shower. She will be back soon.
  Sleep well. Perhaps the two of you will become good friends. Just remember,
  hurt her, and I will make you wish you had never been born.&quot; 
 &quot;I know.&quot; Why did he have to do this? Couldn't he just let it
  lie? Promise in one hand, and threats in the other. &quot;I don't know why
  you're worried, Master.&quot; He said, hurt and bitter. &quot;It's not like
  I could do anything right now, anyway.&quot; 
 Azrael patted his cheek. &quot;I know I must sound cruel to you, but I want
  you to understand what is at stake for you. Remember my warning, and all will
  be well.&quot; 
 &quot;I will.&quot; Like he could forget. 
 &quot;Well. I am off for now. You two get some rest. I will be with you
  as soon as the sun sets.&quot; He touched his cheek once more, bending to kiss
  him, before pulling away to dress. 
 Morgan lingered in the shower. The water felt good as she washed the sweat
  from her. She was sore, but the memories of how she got this way were wonderful.
  She lived with a 'real   vampire', one that had given
  her back her life, and made her feel secure, for the first time since her parents
  died. 
 Limp strands of hair fell to the shower floor as she removed the remains
  of her hair. It was still hard to believe that he didn't find her ugly. The
  loss of her hair had been the worst part of her illness. She used to have such
  pretty hair. Well, it would grow back, and she'd never cut it again. 
 She then remembered what Anna had said about her pubic hair. Carefully she
  shaved the light down that covered her sex. She caught her breath at the slight
  tremors that shot through her as she touched herself. 'Oops, got
  to be careful here'  . She was still sensitive. 
 Mark had closed his eyes, hoping for sleep, but opened them when he felt
  a shift on the bed. &quot;You cut off your hair,&quot; he commented. 
 &quot;Yeah, might as well. It looked silly. I'm hoping that it all grows
  back at the same time.&quot; She looked at the bed. &quot;I guess I have to
  sleep next to you. There's not enough room on the bed the way you're tied up
  for anything else.&quot; 
 Mark shrugged. &quot;Sorry, but I couldn't do anything about it.&quot; 
 &quot;Do you mind?&quot; She pillowed her head on his right shoulder. 
 Mark shifted, and to his surprise, fount that the chains had enough slack
  to allow him to wrap his right arm around her. He held her close. &quot;Nah,
  it's kind of nice, after everything, to hold a girl.&quot; 
 &quot;He's really not as mean as you think he is.&quot; She was very conscious
  of their undressed state. &quot;I mean, he could have made us sleep alone,
  or denied us anyone's company.&quot; 
 &quot;I know. I figured it would be a whole lot worse than it is. But I
  still hate him, and he knows it.&quot; 
 &quot;Why?&quot; She sat up. &quot;Why bother, he isn't going to let you
  go, you know that. Whether you like it or not, you're here. Wouldn't it be
  easier to just accept it and let him make it fun?&quot; 
 'Just accept it'  . God, she made it sound so easy. &quot;I
  can't, not yet. I'm not one to let anyone hold my life,&quot; he said bitterly. &quot;Yeah,
  I know. It's stupid, but that's the way I am.&quot; 
 &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; She crossed her legs and looked down at him. &quot;I
  hope it works out for you. I hate it when I'm reminded that he can be mean.&quot; 
 Mark laughed. &quot;He can be, can't he?&quot; Change the subject before
  he said something stupid. He shrugged. &quot;You want to sleep, or ball? You'll
  have to be on top but that's cool.&quot; 
 Morgan looked at him. Was he serious? Why would he just offer it like that?
  Azrael had been so sweet, so loving. Anna had made her feel cherished, but
  Mark only wanted to ball. She almost snapped at him, told him what he could
  do with his suggestion, but with insight a little beyond her years, she realized
  what he must be going through. Would it be so bad? Would it make her what he
  thought she was if she said yes, or would it help? Maybe a girl was just what
  he needed right now. A reminder, that, he was still a, man. 
 &quot;Sorry,&quot; he apologized. &quot;It was just a thought.&quot; She
  wouldn't. Why the hell had he asked? Why should she? He was nothing to her.
  He was just some asshole that made her happy home a trifle less happy. 
 &quot;I'm not real good at this.&quot; She laid a hand on his chest. &quot;Believe
  it or not, but before tonight, I never did anything.&quot; 
 &quot;No shit? You're kidding right? A pretty thing like you, what, all
  the guys you know gay or something?&quot; 
 &quot;No, too sick. When you're fighting to live, sex isn't all that important.&quot; She
  blushed. &quot;You really think I'm pretty?&quot; 
 &quot;Sure. Hell girl, look in a mirror. I've never been much for bald chicks,
  but you look real tasty.&quot; He reached up to stroke her head. &quot;And
  you taste as good as you look, too.&quot; 
 She was bright red. No one had ever talked to her like this so blunt, so
  to-the-point. &quot;Thank you.&quot; 
 &quot;So, let's ball. I bet you're still real tight.&quot; His hands moved
  between her legs. &quot;You shaved,&quot; God, what a turn-on." 
 &quot;Do you like it?&quot; She trembled under his touch. 
 &quot;Yeah. I bet he will too. That's why you did it, right?&quot; She nodded. &quot;You
  ever blow a guy before?&quot; 
 &quot;Once.&quot; 
 &quot;You know what sixty-nine is?&quot; When she shook her head he couldn't
  believe it. &quot;Wanna learn?&quot; 
 &quot;What is it?&quot; 
 &quot;Crawl up here. Straddle my face, like you did earlier. As I eat you,
  you blow me. We both get off.&quot; He wished his hands were free, or there
  were at least a foot more lead in his chain. As it was, he could lower his
  hands to his sides, but he couldn't move any further if he sat up. &quot;Sorry,
  babe, but you're going to have to do most of the work. I'm a little tied up,
  if you pardon the pun.&quot; 
 &quot;You don't think he'll get mad, do you?&quot; She didn't think there
  would be a problem, but the possibility gave her pause. 
 &quot;Don't see why. As long as I don't hurt you, he said he didn't care.&quot; He
  shrugged. &quot;I may be an asshole, but I won't take out my grief for him
  on you. So,&quot; he reached for her. &quot;Come on girl. You have no idea
  how much I want to fuck you.&quot; 
 &quot;Mark,&quot; she lay beside him. &quot;Do me a favor. Don't call it
  that. Azrael hates it, and so do I. I'll make love to you, I'll even blow you,
  but don't call it fucking.&quot; 
 &quot;Sure baby, making love does sound better.&quot; He didn't much care
  what she called it. But maybe she had a point. So he'd use those words instead.
  Why not, if it makes her happy? She was going to be his only human contact
  for a while, or at least the only one he'd get to really know. So why not make
  her happy? 
 &quot;I won't hurt you like this, will I?&quot; She threw a leg over him. 
 &quot;God, I hope so.&quot; He reached to pull her hips down. &quot;Blow
  me, baby, I need you.&quot; 
 It was so easy. She leaned forward as his fingers parted her lips. Who would
  have ever thought? 
 For a beginner, she wasn't bad. Maybe he'd be given more time with her.
  She was more than willing he'd teach her how to love a man. &quot;Suck it,
  baby,&quot; his voice was husky as she gladly obliged him. &quot;That's it.
  Harder.&quot; 'Yes, that was it'  . His mind went white
  with pleasure as Morgan drew as hard as she could, tongue slowly lapping the
  sides as she did. But as he began to sample her sweetness, she lost control
  again. Oh, well, technique and control would come. Until then, he'd get her
  off, then ball her silly 
 Morgan whimpered as his teeth raked over her sensitive flesh. &quot;Ow!&quot; She
  jumped against the pressure, causing Mark to accidentally bite her. &quot;No!&quot; That
  hurt! She jumped away. 
 Mark's mind went blank with fear. &quot;Oh, shit, baby, I'm sorry.&quot; Would
  she believe him? &quot;Please, honey, I didn't mean to hurt you.&quot; 
 &quot;You bit me.&quot; She stood, there, hand over her aching sex. 
 &quot;You jumped, I wasn't trying to hurt you, it was an accident. I didn't
  realize you were still that keyed.&quot; 'Please, oh, God, Please'  .
  He knew he was fucked now. &quot;Come on, baby, let me make it up to you.&quot; 
 *Morgan, precious, *   Azrael's thoughts flowed
  over her. They were a little vague around the edges, like he was only partially
  there. *Go on, sweet, I am here always. My pet, he didn't mean
  to cause you discomfort. He is a little heavy-handed. You are young and new
  to this. It won't happen again. *  
 Mark's heart almost stopped as Azrael's presence surrounded him. *Boy.
        *  
 &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; He looked around wildly. Where was he? &quot;I swear
  it, man. It was an accident. I wouldn't hurt her on purpose.&quot; He felt
  tears sting his eyes. He was ready to cry, and it humiliated him. &quot;Come
  on, man, Master, I swear it. I'm not lying. You know I'm not.&quot; 
 *Relax, Mark. *  Azrael pulled the force of
  his sending. *I, know what happened, pet. I won't punish you for
  something that was not intended. But be careful. She is very young and naive.
  *  
 &quot;Where are you?&quot; 
 *I am in my chamber, sleeping. I can speak to your mind as
        easily as I read it. Just focus your thoughts. I can hear them. *  
 Mark closed his eyes. *You believe me, don't you? *   His
  hopes and fears punctuated his words. 
 *Yes, boy. I know you had no desire to cause pain, only pleasure.
        But remember that she is very young and very sensitive, less force. *  
 *Yes, sir. *   He felt his pulse slow. 
 *Soon you'll be mine, and you won't need to feel this fear.
        Now, go and ease my precious one's misgivings. Use careful force if you
        need to, but prove to her that you will cause her no more pain or fear.
        *   The connection broke. 
 &quot;Morgan.&quot; Mark took her hand and pulled her trembling body against
  his. &quot;I'm sorry, baby girl. It was one of those things that sometimes
  happens until you learn your partner.&quot; His grasp tightened as she tensed. &quot;Don't
  do it, baby. I gotta prove that it was a fluke. You know I do.&quot; 
 &quot;Master!&quot; She cried out as she struggled, but Azrael was silent. &quot;No.&quot; What
  if he hurt her? Azrael wasn't listening. He was going to let Mark do anything
  he wanted. 
 &quot;Morgan.&quot; Mark rolled on top of her, pinning the kicking legs
  to the bed. &quot;Don't be this way.&quot; He was very careful how much force
  he used. Just, enough, to hold her in place, but not enough to hurt her. &quot;Mo,
  listen to me, please.&quot; 
 She froze suddenly, eyes wide and staring. Much like the eyes of a rabbit
  caught in headlights. A soft whimper escaped her throat. 
 &quot;Ssshh. It's okay, honest.&quot; He brushed his lips against her cheek. &quot;I
  won't hurt you, baby. I told you I wouldn't. Let me do this, let me prove it.&quot; His
  own position was uncomfortable. He was too far down on the bed, the chains
  were crossed and tangled and made his arms ache. 
 &quot;Please,&quot; she whisper-whimpered softly. &quot;I won't fight, I
  won't tell Azrael anything. I promise. Please, Mark, don't hurt me.&quot; She
  hoped he believed Azrael would be unhappy if he hurt her. 
 &quot;No, baby, I want you to tell our master.&quot; He chose his words
  carefully as he pulled her body up towards the head of the bed so that his
  chains had more slack, and his arms greater movement. &quot;I want you to tell
  him I did as he said, that I proved to you that it was an accident, that I
  won't hurt you.&quot; 
 &quot;He'll be angry.&quot; She wasn't listening. &quot;You hurt me--he'll--you
  know what he can do.&quot; 
 Mark realized that she wouldn't listen to him as long as he held her down. &quot;Morgan,
  hush.&quot; He kissed her, to silence her pleas. &quot;Now listen.&quot; 
 &quot;Please.&quot; She swallowed back tears, breaking down now would only
  steal what little control she had left. 
 &quot;Morgan,&quot; he whispered in her ear as his lips brushed her cheek. &quot;Baby,
  I--be quiet.&quot; He held himself, there, cheek pressed against hers. &quot;That's
  a girl, now listen. I'm going to let you go I can't prove anything like this.
  So I'm going to have to trust you.&quot; He swallowed. &quot;If you believe
  that I hurt you on purpose, you can jump from the bed and sleep on the floor
  until he gets up. And then he'll make me pay for it. Or you can let me prove
  how much of an accident it really was, and I get to keep my skin. Which will
  it be?&quot; He released her arms and held himself up, allowing her enough
  room to wiggle away. He flopped onto his back, untangling the chains, then
  grabbed the pillows and thrust them under his head. &quot;Okay kid. It's your
  ballgame. Azrael told me to prove to you that it was an accident, to show you
  that I won't hurt you. Now, I'm no fool, and I don't think that you are, either.
  So we don't need to guess what'll happen if he finds out I fucked up and didn't
  do what he said. And since he's not listening right now, he won't have any
  idea what happened. And believe me, he's the type to hit first, and ask questions
  later.&quot; He smiled, trying to win her over. &quot;Did it hurt that much,
  girl? Where's the blood? Because if I don't do what he said, he's going to
  skin me alive and cut my dick off.&quot; 
 &quot;He'd what?&quot; No, she refused to believe it. &quot;You're lying,
  how dare you! Yeah, I believe he'd kill you, but he'd never do--. Don't you
  ever say that again,&quot; she yelled at him. 
 &quot;I'm not like you, little girl,&quot; he shouted back, fear stealing
  his calm reason. &quot;I fought, remember. He's already beaten me. Look at
  my face and my ass if you don't think he'd do anything to me he wanted. He'll
  cut me, Morgan. He 'will'   do it. I ain't lying. He'd
  do it.&quot; 
 *Enough, *   the thoughts flowed over both of
  them . *Mark, you are right. In some ways, you are not like my
  girls. But I will never punish you for something you have no control over.
  Morgan, just because I do not answer, does not mean that I am not there. Go
  on. Curl up with my boy. Relax; he will not harm you anymore. Both of you must
  calm down. You are making sleep very difficult for me. No more, Morgan, do
  as I have said. Any more arguments and I will punish you both tomorrow, night.
  As it is, I may still spank the two of you for simply being annoying. Now mind
  me. *   The sending cut off. 
 Morgan climbed back into bed, crying softly as Mark, pulled her close. &quot;I'm
  sorry.&quot; She was terrified. 
 &quot;It's okay. He can just build a bridge.&quot; He let out a long sigh. &quot;If
  he's angry, I'll let him beat me. You're still too sick for his temper.&quot; He
  couldn't believe what he was saying. This kid was nothing to him, but he knew
  he'd do it. He'd never hit a girl in his life. It was the one good thing he
  could say about himself. The only thing, if he thought about it. And by his
  reasoning, if he could refrain, then by God, so would his master. &quot;I'm
  sorry, Mo, I didn't mean to hurt you.&quot; 
 She looked up at him. &quot;It hurt. I'm sorry for freaking, but it hurt.&quot; 
 He smiled lopsidedly. &quot;Can I kiss it and make it better?&quot; He lowered
  his head. &quot;Reach up here, baby girl.&quot; The, chains were a bitch, but
  Morgan was a little calmer now, and freely turned so she could look down at
  him. Her kiss was open and welcoming again. &quot;You gonna let me do what
  he said, now? I promise I'll be careful.&quot; 
 She nodded. &quot;Let me go first, Mark. I can't seem to concentrate on
  what I'm doing when you're doing it, too.&quot; 
 He was stunned. &quot;You want to blow me?&quot; Surely she didn't mean
  that. His luck wasn't that good, was it? 
 &quot;I'd like to.&quot; She bit her lip. &quot;You're not mad at me, are
  you? It was my fault. I'll tell him it was.&quot; 
 &quot;Nah, I'm not mad. Don't worry about it. He won't kill me, and I don't
  think he'll cut me. He said he wouldn't. I've got to learn to believe in something.
  I've lived through one of his spankings so far. I'll live through another.
  You just be real sweet and let me deal with it.&quot; He moaned as her fingers
  found him. &quot;Baby girl, do me a favor, huh?&quot; 
 She looked up. &quot;What?&quot; 
 &quot;Forget the blow job. Climb on board. I wanna make love real bad.&quot; 
 She smiled pulling herself up to swing a leg over him, a mischievous glint
  in her eyes. &quot;Let's ball.&quot; 
 Mark's laughter mingled with hers as she sheathed him. Sliding down to rest
  on his hips, moaning as she began to move slowly. 
 Mark knew he would go nuts at this speed, but he kept silent. If he was
  going to be driven out of his mind, this was the way to go. 
 Hands reached to pull her forward. &quot;Come here.&quot; The rough whisper
  of a man's voice sent shivers of delight down her. 
 Mark looked up into her face that was lit by the soft glow from the bathroom
  light. She was beautiful. 
 Her skin glowed a pale white, soft and warm to the touch, as his hands moved
  over her throat, moving to caress her arms, fingertips tracing over her skin,
  as she rode him. 
 The small breasts that bounced before him drew both his gaze and touch,
  as his lips locked onto the right nipple and the left breast filled his hand.
  Fingers, moving to pinch the nipple, lightly. Before opening to take the full
  breast in to squeeze. Then his fingers returned to the nipple. 
 Morgan grew frantic, as her motions grew quicker. Her breasts were so sensitive
  to the feel of hands and mouth, that was what brought her to the point of crisis,
  even more so than the wonderful feeling of having him inside her. 
 The short, slow, downward thrusts became frenzied as Morgan came. Her virginal
  muscles locked down on Mark's shaft, making him cry out in part pleasure, part
  pain. 
 Morgan shrieked as fingers bit into her skin and the easy thrust that once
  encouraged her along, now pounded up fast and hard. The feelings that raced
  through her body stunned her. 
 &quot;Come on, baby, cum with me.&quot; His thumbs found her, and began
  their torment. 
 &quot;No,&quot; she cried out as the feelings that had taken her over, began
  to become pain. A pain unlike anything she had ever felt before. It was a pain
  that she wanted, craved even, and at the same time, hated. 
 &quot;Yes,&quot; he hissed. &quot;Come on now, baby, don't stop now.&quot; If
  she did, he would explode. 
 Nails bit into his chest as she clawed at him, fighting him. She couldn't,
  it was too much. No one had ever pushed her this far. Both Anna and Azrael
  had stopped when she had begged them to, but Mark was heartless. 
 The pain was the final key. Mark thrust up, his hands moving over her hips,
  pulling them downward. He came. 
 And despite struggling, and in spite of her fears, she did cum again. It
  was glorious. A feeling that swept through her that stole her breath and her
  mind. 
 They lay there. Both lost for words, and neither caring. Silent and peaceful,
  they were content to lie quietly. 
 They had lain as such for several minutes before Mark broke the silence. &quot;Damn,
  baby girl, but you're dangerous.&quot; 
 She slowly lifted up, to sit over him. &quot;Me?&quot; Her movement caused
  her muscles to tighten again. 
 &quot;Oh, Damn.&quot; He moaned. She couldn't be serious. There was no way
  he had anything left. &quot;Yeah, you. Please, baby girl, have a heart. I try
  anything else, and it's gonna kill me.&quot; 
 She nodded in complete agreement as she pulled away. She didn't think she
  could stand anymore tonight, or was it today? &quot;I'm tired.&quot; She shivered. 
 &quot;Well then, pull the covers out from under me, and let's get some sleep.&quot; He
  sat up so that they could begin to pull down the bed. &quot;And Morgan.&quot; He
  caught her hand as she stood. &quot;Thanks, baby girl, I needed that.&quot; 
CHAPTER 12 
 Azrael stood over his newest two as they slept. Their arms and legs were
  intertwined. Mark's chains, almost, tying them together. This was a good sign.
  He had hoped that what he had started in Mark's mind would take without any
  need for greater effort. &quot;Good evening,&quot; he said, sitting gracefully
  on the foot of the bed. 
 &quot;Azrael?&quot; Morgan sat up and tried to pull away from Mark. A comical
  struggle to untangle themselves, removed all dignity. She grimaced slightly.
  The chains had been fun last night, when Mark had used them to keep her against
  his body. Now they were a bother. &quot;It's night, already?&quot; She shed
  the last loop. 
 &quot;Yes. I did not peek in anymore after I went to sleep. What time did
  the two of you finally call it a--day?&quot; 
 &quot;I don't know.&quot; Morgan admitted. 
 Azrael looked at Mark. &quot;It was probably around ten or eleven.&quot; Mark
  looked up at him. &quot;Master.&quot; 
 Azrael nodded. &quot;So you have not chosen to forget. Good. I am pleased.
  I would rather not have to harm you.&quot; This was going to be even better
  than he anticipated. Was Mark really that weak-willed, or was he, Azrael, a
  better master than he thought. &quot;So, were you finally able to prove to
  my sweetheart here that you would not cause her pain?&quot; 
 &quot;Several times.&quot; Mark grinned. Morgan blushed. He held up his
  hands. &quot;Can I be unchained, please.&quot; He swallowed. &quot;Or are you
  still planning to punish me for disturbing you?&quot; 
 &quot;I honestly have not made up my mind." Azrael pulled out a key. &quot;Are
  there going to be anymore of these little episodes?&quot; He looked at them
  both. &quot;I am not mad at you Mark, you sought to obey me. Morgan here, on
  the other hand . . ..&quot; 
 &quot;Master,&quot; Mark said, rubbed his wrists, &quot;if you feel that
  someone needs punishing--well, I started it. I hurt her.&quot; He laid a hand
  on Azrael's arm. &quot;I didn't mean to, Master. You know I didn't. But it
  hurt, and she's a little girl, she didn't know any better.&quot; 
 Azrael was awe-struck. This was not his doing. This was a character trait
  of Mark's own. &quot;Why, Mark--chivalry from you? I would have never guessed
  it.&quot; 
 &quot;Yeah, well, I'm an asshole, but I ain't never hit a girl before. My
  old man used to beat my mom and me. I'd never do that.&quot; 
 &quot;Kiss me, and show me that you are still my obedient pet, and I will
  let it go.&quot; 
 Kissing was easier today. It was as if his mind had accepted this new reality
  as he slept. There was no fear, none at all, he had come to terms with the
  fact that he had no life now. Or at least none outside what Azrael chose to
  give him. &quot;Master?&quot; There was no tremble in his voice as Azrael tilted
  his head back. &quot;Master, are you going to?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, pet. I must.&quot; He placed light kisses along the base of the
  young throat. &quot;Will you fight me this time, or will you welcome me?&quot; 
 &quot;Do I look like I'm fighting?&quot; God why did, it, have to feel so
  good. &quot;Master.&quot; 
 He gasped as Azrael fangs sank home, then, like the night before, and the
  few times David had fed from him, he was lost. Soft whimpers escaped him as
  he held Azrael's head at this throat. &quot;Please.&quot; He didn't want it
  to end, he held on as Azrael tried to pull away. &quot;Please.&quot; 
 &quot;Ssshh, it's all right, pet.&quot; Azrael kissed him. &quot;Poor lad.
  You cannot fight it. It is in your veins. Your blood is sweet, I will cherish
  your life more than you ever have.&quot; He opened his shirt, reaching for
  his knife. &quot;Will you drink freely this time? No threats?&quot; 
 Mark didn't use words, just his body. His mouth closed on Azrael's tit,
  biting and sucking. He was no fool. He hadn't survived as long as he had by
  being stupid. Even though a part of him still hated this, was disgusted at
  what he did, a greater part understood that he either gave in freely, or suffered. &quot;Master?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, pet.&quot; Azrael didn't move. Let the boy play this out, see
  where he was going. 
 &quot;Am I doing right?&quot; He was careful with his words. But he needed
  to know what the Vampire wanted. &quot;I--I give, Azrael. I'll be good, but--&quot; 
 &quot;Ssshh, Mark, pet. I'll teach you. I promise. And yes, you are being
  very good. Now drink.&quot; He cut himself over his left breast, severing the
  artery there. &quot;Drink boy.&quot; 
 The pleasure was sharp. Mark sobbed against his Master's flesh. Two, maybe
  three, sips. &quot;No,&quot; he bit at the firm skin of Azrael's chest. &quot;Master,
  please.&quot; 
 &quot;Pull away. Just for a moment.&quot; Azrael cut himself again, deeper.
  The extra blood would deepen the tie, leave Mark that much more helpless. &quot;Yes,
  that is the way,&quot; he crooned, joining Mark in the pleasure of the blood. 
 &quot;You gonna do it?&quot; Mark tried to pull Azrael's shirt off, sought
  to warm his flesh with his hands. &quot;I--&quot; he began, and cried out as
  Azrael pushed him to the bed, hands seeking his growing maleness. &quot;Please,
  Azrael, don't make me beg. I'll do it. See I'm willing.&quot; 
 &quot;Later, pet, I promise. I'll see your willingness rewarded. You may
  entertain us tonight. But Morgan needs this as well.&quot; He kissed him. &quot;I
  promise you boy, if you keep this up, I will not break you. I shall not have 
to. Give yourself to me freely. Let me leave your will intact. Now, while
  I feed Morgan, I want you to masturbate. From here on, unless it is while you
  sleep, or shortly after waking, I want to see this hard and ready at all times.
  I will punish you every time it is not.&quot; He stroked him. &quot;You will
  clean up after yourself with your own tongue every time you achieve release.
  Do you understand?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; His voice was soft. &quot;I have to keep it up or be beaten,
  and I gotta eat my own cum. I understand.&quot; 
 &quot;And here I thought I would have to beat you to make you mind. What
  happened, pet? Why the change of heart?&quot; Azrael wanted to hear this. 
 &quot;I don't understand what you mean. I--I gave my word. I said I'd obey.&quot; He
  looked up at Azrael. Lost in the feelings his hands were giving him. &quot;Do
  you want me to keep on fighting? I--if beating me is what you want I'll fight,
  but--&quot; He swallowed back a lump. &quot;Don't cut me. Please Azrael. I'll
  do anything, but don't cut me.&quot; 
 &quot;Ah.&quot; The threat of emasculation was his focal point. The boy
  would do anything he had to do to keep from being unmanned. &quot;Soon we will
  join the others. You will go to your old master and beg him to take you. Offer
  yourself to him and be willing to suffer or enjoy anything he desires.&quot; Azrael's
  strokes were slow and powerful. 
 Mark moaned. &quot;Is he gonna--I'll do it--but he hates me. He'll--I mean--&quot; He
  shuddered. &quot;I'm going to-&quot; 
 Azrael bent to take his release, swallowing the victory with Mark's semen. &quot;I
  told you pet.&quot; He slapped him gently as he pulled away. &quot;No one will
  hurt you, I am far too pleased with your acceptance to allow it. Learn to trust
  me, Mark. I will never go back on my word as long as you are good.&quot; 
 Morgan watched as Azrael dealt with Mark. It was going to be all right.
  Mark wasn't fighting, and Azrael seemed happy. &quot;My turn?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. I will not have you suffering. Come, offer me your throat, and
  accept my blood. Then I will have the two of you fed. We will spend a quiet
  evening at home tonight, unless either Megel or Vincent insists on going out.&quot; He
  lifted her chin, kissing her throat briefly before sinking his teeth into her
  tender flesh. 
 Her blood tasted different. Healthier, already the change in her body was
  taking place. His blood was killing off the cancer, leaving her whole. 
 She shuddered under him. This was heaven. As he gently pulled her head to
  his chest so that she could accept his life-giving blood, she came, an exquisite
  climax that left her clutching him. 
 &quot;Again, pet? He teased. &quot;I offered Mark my blood twice, do you
  need more?&quot; The few sips they took were no hardship for him. 
 &quot;Please,&quot; she moved her head long enough to let him cut himself
  again, but he wasn't quick enough in to pull the blade free. It sliced her
  lip as she hastily bent to drink. &quot;Morgan?&quot; He dropped the knife
  at her cry of pain. Her mouth had been cut badly. The blade was very sharp. &quot;Ssshh,
  poor dear,&quot; he soothed kissing her, licking the blood from her mouth as
  he held the wound shut, waiting for the properties in his saliva to perform
  their magic and heal her. &quot;Ssshh, wait. It's all right.&quot; More licking,
  more soft kisses. &quot;All better, now?&quot; 
 She nodded absolute trust in her eyes. It had not frightened her. &quot;I'm
  sorry.&quot; 
 &quot;No bother. It was an accident. Here try again.&quot; And this time
  she waited until the blade was well free of his chest, before she bent to drink. 
 * * * 
 &quot;I am very pleased with the both of you.&quot; He lay with them after
  Morgan fed, allowing him the leisure of quiet. &quot;Your willingness and openness
  are treasures to me. Treasures that should be rewarded.&quot; He grinned at
  Morgan. &quot;What would you like as a prize, a reward for your sweetness?&quot; 
 &quot;A present?&quot; She sat up and looked down at him. &quot;You'd get
  me a present?&quot; 
 Azrael laughed. Oh, how sweet this little one was. So young, she had suffered
  badly, but unlike the rest, it was not by the brutality of others. &quot;Yes,
  a present. You will discover that I am famous for spoiling my pets quite rotten.&quot; 
 She thought it over. She knew what she wanted. Would he? Could it hurt to
  ask? &quot;Anything?&quot; 
 &quot;Within reason, of course.&quot; He was curious, but as he was here,
  and she was safe, he refrained from looking into her mind. 
 &quot;I--&quot; She grinned. &quot;Can I have a dog, Azrael, a puppy? I--Sheba
  died a couple of years ago, and well, what with my being sick, and my parents
  dying, we could never afford to get a new dog.&quot; She bit her lip. 
 &quot;What kind of dog would you like, baby?&quot; He found her request
  charming, a pet, of course, what else? It was in keeping with her personality. &quot;Please
  do not tell me you want some mongrel or one of those vicious little lap dogs.&quot; 
 &quot;No, Sheba was a Mastiff, a huge, black, beast. I--could I have another?
  It won't be too big. I will house-train it, feed it, clean up after it, I promise.&quot; 
 'It won't be too big'  . Azrael was amused by her words.
  He had owned mastiffs large enough to pull wagons &quot;A 'real'   dog.
  Yes, pet, we will see to it. It is only a little after six. I woke early. Mayhaps
  we should dine quickly and catch the mall before it closes.&quot; He kissed
  her nose before turning to Mark. &quot;What of you, pet? What prize may I offer
  you?&quot; He stroked his cheek. &quot;Please, do not ask for your death.&quot; 
 &quot;Would you give it to me?&quot; 
 &quot;If you ask, yes. I offered you anything. Do you still seek it?&quot; He
  rested a hand on the side of Mark's face. Now he would see what he had accomplished. &quot;Have
  I been so cold, so uncaring, that you can not bear living here with me?&quot; 
 Mark closed his eyes and turned his face slightly to press against Azrael's
  hand. He could die now, be free. He had prayed for this. But here, in this
  bed, he was finally being offered it, and the thought brought him no joy. He
  had accepted this life. He knew it. Had known it this morning. Gone to sleep
  sated and feeling safe for the first time in years. Knew it again when Azrael's
  blood flowed into his mouth. It was the blood, it made you part of the vampire,
  made you want to be with him. And he did, he hated it as much as he loved it.
  The old way of thinking was dying. Struggling, but dying. Soon he wouldn't
  mind being here. Did he want it? 
 The answer brought tears to his eyes and shattered his old self. Yes, he
  wanted it. He wanted to be here, to learn to live like a decent human, to laugh
  at good things, to be safe. 
 He turned and let Azrael pull him close. Burying his face in his long soft,
  sable, hair. His soul was lost, it was no longer his, and he didn't care. &quot;No.&quot; He
  whispered. &quot;I don't want to die anymore.&quot; He felt a shudder of pleasure
  run through his body as his mouth opened to Azrael's lips and tongue, eager
  for his taste. 
 &quot;Then what would you have?&quot; It had worked. The boy accepted this
  for life, and he was forced to acknowledge it. 
 &quot;You.&quot; There, it was out. &quot;I know I don't deserve anything
  but the worst abuse you could dream. I--I did horrible things before David
  took me. I've stolen and I've killed. I hurt a lot of people. And I know I've
  been a real jerk here, but--&quot; This was the hardest thing he had ever done. &quot;Please,
  I want you. Love me if you can, even a little.&quot; 
 Morgan cried as he spoke, as Azrael pulled him even closer, wrapping his
  arms around him, comforting him. &quot;How horrible.&quot; She reached out
  to gently touch his arm. She had grown up surrounded by so much love that it
  hurt to hear anyone beg for it. 
 &quot;I know.&quot; His said, voice devoid of feeling. &quot;I have no right
  to ask, but--&quot; 
 &quot;No,&quot; both Azrael and Morgan said at once. &quot;No, Mark,&quot; she
  went on as Azrael watched her, &quot;it's not your wanting love that is horrible,
  it's that you have to ask.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; Azrael smiled at Morgan. &quot;So you 'do'   understand,
  precious.&quot; She was a dear and absolute darling. So much like her brother. &quot;Mark,&quot; he
  gently tilted the younger man's face up, &quot;will you be mine, freely, do
  anything I say to please me always, gladly and willingly?&quot; 
 &quot;I can't think of doing anything else.&quot; Did he dare hope? 
 &quot;Then yes, you shall have my love, as much as any of my girls. You
  will be safe, cared for, protected and loved until the day you die. I will
  always love you. But that is not a reward for good behavior. That is your right
  and privilege as my pet. Now tell me, what would you like as a present?&quot; 
 Mark thought about it for a moment. So far, so good, this might not be quite
  as bad as he had feared. &quot;Can I walk, please? I don't mind being naked
  so much. I'll live with that, but I gotta walk.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, I grant you that, gladly.&quot; He noticed, with pleasure, how
  aggressive Mark's kisses had become since last night. &quot;Now, when I go
  out with Morgan to fetch her prize, will you stay with Vincent if he is here,
  or Megel if he is not?&quot; 
 Mark nodded. He would just have to trust Azrael to keep them from chewing
  him up. &quot;I'll be cool.&quot; 
 &quot;Good. Let us go. I wish to hurry home. I look forward to many hours
  of pleasure locked between the two of you.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Michael was cuddling with Jason and Amber in the living room. Becoming more
  intimate when David and his brood entered the room. &quot;Has the Master not
  returned yet?&quot; David asked. 
 &quot;No,&quot; Michael replied grinning. &quot;He's with Morgan and that
  one you gave him last night.&quot; Michael smiled at Anna as she sat beside
  him. &quot;Did you sleep well, brother? 
 &quot;Very much so. When did you bring Cain to us? I was up late with Aaron,
  but I don't remember you coming in.&quot; 
 &quot;On my way to my rest this morning. The sun was fully in the sky before
  I sought my rest. At your age, I am sure you had been asleep almost as long
  as he had by that time.&quot; 
 Jason pulled away from Michael, draping himself over Joseph's lap. &quot;You
  owe me another night, Master.&quot; His tone was teasing, but it caused Joseph
  to look down, fidgeting. 
 David looked from his Fledgling to the boy in his lap. &quot;What did you
  do Joey?&quot; 
 &quot;Nothing. I didn't do anything.&quot; The embarrassed look deepened. 
 Anna laughed. &quot;My God, David, the boy is blushing. I didn't think we
  could anymore.&quot; 
 &quot;He's not fully Kin, yet, Lil. He won't be till he comes off the breast.
  There is still a little humanity left in him.&quot; A smirk, &quot;so,&quot; he
  continued, choosing his words carefully. &quot;What didn't you do?&quot; 
 Michael decided to help Joseph. &quot;Sleep took him at a rather inconvenient
  time.&quot; He smiled at Jason. &quot;Cain, tell my boy not to sulk too much.
  I assure you, I made certain that I finished what you began. I won't have it
  said that I'd sit back and let anything one of my own began remain unfinished.&quot; 
 &quot;Hello.&quot; Maria entered the room, followed by both Valerie and
  Jenna. They carried trays of food. &quot;Here. We brought food for them.&quot; She
  bent and kissed Michael. 
 &quot;Why, thank you, sweetheart. That was kind.&quot; 
 &quot;This is my home, and I take care of it and all who are in it.&quot; She
  squealed as Michael pulled her into his lap, then reached for him, sweet and
  eager under his attentions. 
 &quot;Go on, all of you, eat,&quot; he chuckled nibbling at Maria's neck. &quot;Have
  you eaten, too, dear?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. We had dinner an hour or so ago. We're used to eating together.
  But now we have to go back to a later supper, so we can eat with the house.&quot; 
 Michael smiled at both Jenna and Valerie. &quot;Come here, you two. Join
  us.&quot; The two were no less willing than Maria had been. &quot;You three
  have been so helpful, I thank you.&quot; Poor pets, perhaps he would see if
  he could talk Azrael into letting them spend time with Jason and himself. They
  were practically starving for affection. Not love. They were assured of that,
  but simple affection. 
 &quot;And what goes here?&quot; Azrael's amused voice came from the door. &quot;Trying
  to snatch my pretties from me, Megel?&quot; He entered, sending Morgan and
  Mark to eat. 
 &quot;Simply marveling at how sweet they are, Azrael. Perhaps they need
  a little attention.&quot; 
 &quot;Well, then,&quot; the Elder vampire agreed, &quot;with all the men
  here now, they should go about getting some.&quot; He opened his arms, and
  the women leaped from Michael to come to him. &quot;Hello, my darlings.&quot; 
 &quot;How is our new little sister?&quot; Maria kissed him, followed by
  Jenna and Valerie. 
 &quot;Fine. She is much better. How are the three of you? I do not mean
  to ignore you. But I have been rather busy the last two nights.&quot; 
 &quot;Don't worry about it, Azrael,&quot; Valerie laughed. &quot;We know
  where we belong.&quot; 
 &quot;I am glad. Now that we have a covenstead and more men, you can get
  more of the physical side of love.&quot; 
 &quot;You mean, scratch our itch.&quot; Jenna hugged him. &quot;We can ask,
  really?&quot; 
 &quot;Any male here, as long as their Lord doesn't mind. As for mine, I
  am sure Mark would gladly spend time with you three.&quot; 
 &quot;If Jason is not with me, I guess he is free if he wishes it. Maybe
  trying to dominate all his time would be selfish.&quot; Michael almost laughed
  at the look of gratitude on his pets' face. &quot;So, you decided that you
  like the feel of a woman as much as me?&quot; Jason and Amber had been adorable. 
 &quot;If they are not afraid of me, I would welcome them.&quot; Joseph smiled. 
 &quot;Billy and Aaron are free as well, when they aren't with me.&quot; David
  looked at Billy, who sat leaning his head against his knee. &quot;Would you
  like that, little one?&quot; 
 &quot;Anna was nice to me.&quot; He smiled. &quot;I like girls.&quot; He
  blushed. 
 Azrael threw his head back, laughing at the boy's comment. &quot;See, my
  darlings? Plenty.&quot; 
 David watched Mark as he ate. There was something profoundly different about
  the young man. It was as if he had completely changed his persona. &quot;Master,&quot; David
  looked to Azrael. &quot;I must confess; I am truly impressed. He is so different.&quot; 
 &quot;Why, thank you. I am pleased with his response. He came to peace with
  this, and is ready to embrace it.&quot; 
 &quot;I would have killed him.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, but I found a better way.&quot; Azrael stretched. &quot;I am
  taking Morgan out for an hour or so. Would you care for him while I am gone?
  He owes you the finish of what you began last night.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes,&quot; David smiled. &quot;I'll keep him.&quot; 
 &quot;Now, do not forget what I said last night. Do not hurt him. If you
  choose, to, dally with him, all well and good. But be sure that neither you,
  nor anyone else who touches him, cause him true pain.&quot; 
 &quot;And he will welcome this with you gone?&quot; It was still beyond
  his belief. 
 &quot;Mark,&quot; Azrael reached for him. &quot;Pet, will it be hard for
  you to be good while I am gone?&quot; He brushed the hair from Mark's dark
  brown eyes, smiling. &quot;Will you test Vincent's patience and honor?&quot; 
 &quot;I don't need to answer that.&quot; Mark smiled back. &quot;You know
  as well as I do what I feel.&quot; He took Azrael's hand, went to him. &quot;Should
  I show him?&quot; 
 Azrael felt the length of Mark's body against his; the hardness of his manhood
  as it brushed his belly. Tasted the desire in his kisses and heard his needs
  in the soft whimpers of want that slipped from Mark's throat. &quot;Yes. Go,
  before I forget my promise to Morgan and take you myself.&quot; My, but he
  was a temptation. 
 Mark met David's eyes as he knelt between his legs. His gaze never wavered
  as he slowly undid David's belt, unzipped his pants, and freed his maleness. 
 His eyes did close, finally, as he bent to take the hardening piece of flesh
  into his mouth. He wrapped his arms around David's hips as he began to blow
  him. 
 &quot;God,&quot; David moaned, as, Mark's head bobbed up and down, his mouth
  hot and hard on his erection, pulling more and more until he felt like his
  whole organ was in a sweet, hot, wet, delicious vise. He looked down at Marks
  head. &quot;Look at me,&quot; he said, voice husky. 
 Mark's head cocked slightly to one side and he opened his eyes. The raw
  want and, hunger, David saw brought him to release. He cried out softly as
  he fed his pleasure into the void within Mark. 
 &quot;Do you feel secure that he will behave?&quot; Azrael was pleased.
  Mark actually grinned as he licked his lips. 
 &quot;Go, Master. He will be safe here. I will care for him and protect
  him as if he were mine and precious to me.&quot; 
 &quot;Come, Morgan.&quot; He looked down at what she wore, T-shirt and jeans.
  The T-shirt was old, and the jeans might have been Jason's castoffs. She deserved
  her own clothes. &quot;Maria, tomorrow afternoon, wake this one up and do something
  about her choice in attire.&quot; He would try to remedy some of it tonight,
  but he had no talent in choosing women's clothing. 
 &quot;Yes, love.&quot; 
 &quot;Come precious. Shall we go shopping?&quot; 
 Michael looked from Jason to Amber. &quot;Is, there, room for company? My
  Chosen here has nothing fit to wear. Last night, I promised to remedy that.&quot; 
 Azrael shook his head, chuckling. &quot;I should have known that you would
  spoil him. The Gods know I spoiled you. Yes, by all means bring your two and
  come with us. The more hands, the better.&quot; Then to David, &quot;Vincent,
  the house and my pets are left to your keeping.&quot; 
 &quot;Don't worry, Master. Everything will be as you left it.&quot; 
 * * * 
 When Azrael had left, David looked down at Mark. The youth still knelt,
  watching him. He had become wary again. &quot;Relax, Mark. I just told Azrael
  that I wouldn't hurt you.&quot; 
 &quot;I know.&quot; The wariness faded, and Mark smiled softly. 
 &quot;What did he do to you?&quot; Anna asked, amazed. 
 Mark shrugged, and smiled at her. &quot;He made me want him.&quot; It was
  so unbelievably simple. 
 &quot;Yeah. I know the feeling.&quot; Joseph agreed. So did Anna. 
 David still didn't understand. &quot;But 'what'   did
  he do? I tried. What did he do that I didn't?&quot; 
 &quot;He didn't give me a choice. He made me choose between him and hell.
  He was going to cut me up if I fought. Then he offered me a chance at the one
  thing I had begged for, death. I discovered after all that I had come through,
  I no longer wanted to, and I didn't need the fear of death to make me do what
  he wanted. I wanted him and would do anything I had to get him.&quot; He looked
  at David. &quot;He made me want him,&quot; he moved closer. &quot;And through
  him, all of this.&quot; His hand found David again as they kissed. &quot;Do
  it, please. I don't care if it hurts. Let me make up for being such a dick.
  Please, man. I need it so bad.&quot; Marks fingers spread the reddish fluid
  that seeped from David's tip over the head. &quot;Please.&quot; 
 It would have taken a will greater than. David's to resist such an offer.
  As he entered, he wanted to sink his teeth into the firmness of Mark's muscular
  throat, but he held back. It would be folly to break his word to the ancient
  Kin. &quot;Oh, God.&quot; Mark had been a virgin last night, and was still
  so incredibly tight. &quot;I'm not hurting you am I?&quot; His voice was ragged
  with pleasure. 
 &quot;Please,&quot; Mark gasped. &quot;Now, yes, oh God, now.&quot; He didn't
  care if it hurt. He wanted it to hurt, to feel the total possession. &quot;Now.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, now.&quot; David agreed, and began to move, feeding the lust that
  burned, letting pleasure begin to heal the bad blood between them. 
CHAPTER 13 
 Azrael listened to Morgan's constant babble as they shopped. The trip had
  brought out a side of her that Azrael hadn't fully appreciated. 
 She was a teen-ager. 
 She gawked at clothes, at music tapes, at all the bright and fancy trinkets
  and baubles. She carried on about fanciful girlish concerns, argued with her
  brother, and amused Azrael to no end. Despite her illness and her new life,
  she was for this moment showing him her inner self of youth and innocence. 
 &quot;I'm taking Jason, and going to see if I can find him something a little
  more suited for him.&quot; Michael said. 
 &quot;Are you sure the two of you are just shopping?&quot; Morgan teased.
  Every time Jason so much as smiled at Michael, she had quipped that they would
  disappear from mortal view to ball. 
 &quot;Yes, dear, I am.&quot; Michael wanted to put a little room between
  Jason, and his sister. She seemed to be full of mischief tonight, and hell-bent
  on embarrassing Jason at every turn. 
 &quot;I will call you when we are ready. See what you can do about thickening
  his hide a little.&quot; Azrael had watched, and yes, 'enjoyed'  ,
  his newest little one, reduce her older brother to a blushing, stuttering,
  nervous wreck. &quot;I, for one, know that he is not ashamed of you, but his
  behavior could be misread by anyone who did not understand.&quot; 
 Michael chuckled. &quot;He's young, and besides, there is not a brother
  alive that wants to be on the receiving end of his teen-age sister's abuse.
  At his age, it is hard enough to think about your sister even 'hearing'   about
  some of the things she has baited him with, much less knowing about them, first
  hand.&quot; Michael felt for his Chosen. His age was not an easy one, even
  without all the added stresses living with a vampire could create. 
 &quot;You both might as well get used to it.&quot; Amber felt brave for
  the first time since Michael had taken her. &quot;She is a teen-age girl. That
  includes giggle fits, off-colored jokes, and discussions about the one thing
  a girl her age lives for . . . boys.&quot; She smiled at Azrael. &quot;Although,
  in her case, it's men. 'Definitely'   men.&quot; 
 &quot;Hey, look.&quot; Morgan looked at the glass front before her. &quot;Slinky
  things,&quot; To Azrael. &quot;May I?&quot; 
 &quot;Well, on that note.&quot; Michael said, choosing to flee. &quot;Call
  us when you are ready.&quot; 
 * * * It took much longer than Azrael had planned to get to the pet store.
  Once Azrael had allowed her to start shopping, Morgan went a little, nuts.
  And as he signed yet another credit slip he rationalized that allowing her
  to shop would give him a taste for what she wanted to wear, and he could refine
  those choices to suit himself. 
 He was pleasantly surprised to see that she was easily directed to the charm
  of flowing peasant skirts and blouses, tight-fitting trousers, to other blouses
  of lace and silk. Her choice in undergarments, 'the ones she would
  allow him to see'  , ran from usable cotton to tantalizing wisps
  of fog. Her nightwear was varied; simple teddies, silk short sets and cotton
  nightshirts in white and light blue. With the one exception of a dark blue
  nightshirt with stars and moons patterned on it, she chose no other color. 
 * * * 
 He was still smiling over the purchase of Tasmanian Devil slippers as they
  entered the pet store. 
 &quot;Excuse me.&quot; He cleared his throat, gaining the cashier's attention. &quot;Do
  you have, by chance, any mastiff pups?&quot; 
 A young woman, with bleached blonde hair, and a vapid smile, turned her
  questionable charm on him as she smiled what was in her mind her most winning
  smile. &quot;Why, yes, sir, we do.&quot; Azrael had to resist laughing in the
  young mortal's face at her obvious appreciation of his appearance. &quot;Male
  or female?&quot; 
 There was no need to guess, or even look at Morgan. He knew what Morgan
  would want. &quot;Female. Preferably black.&quot; 
 The giggling sales clerk led them towards the back. &quot;You are really
  going to like this one. We have several. They're thirteen weeks old, with their
  first set of shots.&quot; She escorted them into a small room. &quot;If you
  will wait here for a minute, I'll go fetch one.&quot; 
 Morgan rolled her eyes, snickering. &quot;'I don't eat meat',&quot; she
  said, in a voice that mimicked the addle-pated clerk's, &quot;'I'm a veterinarian'.&quot; She
  giggled mindlessly and twiddled at imaginary hair. &quot;Please,&quot; she
  asked in a normal voice, &quot;where 'did'   she come
  from? She's a walking stereotype. Bet her boyfriend's a jock.&quot; 
 To Azrael's credit, he didn't laugh as the clerk returned with the pup,
  though his restraint was no mean feat, for Morgan's witty commentary had struck
  too close to how he felt about the girl. &quot;How charming.&quot; He smiled
  as Morgan's eyes lit up when she took the dog. A Neapolitan mastiff, he thought,
  or a mix of mastiff breeds. 
 &quot;She's beautiful.&quot; Morgan struggled valiantly to hold the wriggling
  pup and love it at the same time. The pup, in its turn, tried to lick her face
  and play. 
 Azrael gave up trying to hold in his amusement, and laughed at Morgan as
  she wrestled with the bitch puppy. &quot;So, is that the one you want, precious?
  They have others, if you wish to look at them.&quot; 
 Others 'right'  , Morgan was in love with the puppy. &quot;I
  like her. Can I have her, please?&quot; Again the charm of her true age came
  out, as she looked up at him with an expression that could only be summed up
  as a pout. He was completely captivated by her charming mix of innocence and
  flirtatiousness, one moment the sweet schoolgirl, the next a minx. 
 He reached down and touched the side of her head. &quot;I told you, dear,
  I would get you the puppy you wanted. If that is the one you have chosen, then
  she is yours. But first, may I see her for a moment? It's better to make sure
  that we are compatible, now.&quot; He took the pup from her. The small ball
  of fur growled instinctively, but after a brief moment, whimpered and licked
  his face. Dominance was settled. &quot;There we go. We will not have any problems
  out of your pet, now. She and I will get along fine.&quot; 
 The sales clerk giggled, annoyingly, again. &quot;Wow. How did you do that?&quot; She
  breathed heavily, trying to entice Azrael with her considerable physical charms. &quot;It
  was like, you know, you have some sort of real power.&quot; 
 Azrael mentally clamped down on Morgan, to keep her from pouncing on this
  child. She was possessive. He hadn't credited her with that emotion, and the
  strength of it, and her dislike for the clerk amazed him. *Be nice,
  *   he warned, before turning his attention back to the girl. &quot;Nothing
  special at all, my dear. I have worked with animals for years. I simply know
  how to handle them.&quot; He mentally shook his head as she smiled, flirting
  with him again. Poor, deluded mortal, she had no idea what she was playing
  with. He was beginning to want to see how far she would be willing to take
  it. 
 He 'reached'   out gently, curious to find out how
  much of this young woman's behavior was real, and how much was feigned. He
  was angry to find out just how bright, yet shallow, she really was. She made
  much of her living off older men who wanted some young meat. She would, he
  thought, learn to dance to a different tune if he were her master. 
 A slow, easy smile fell over his face. Why not, now that he had a covenstead,
  he would need kine for the Kin to feed from. Why not her? As food stock, she
  would at least serve a purpose in life rather than continue to leech off of
  wealthy men. &quot;I wish to thank you, miss--&quot; 
 &quot;Wendy. Wendy Arnell,&quot; again that damnable giggle. &quot;My friends
  call me Winny.&quot; 
 His smile deepened. He moved a calculated fraction in her direction. &quot;Thank
  you, Wendy. You have been so helpful.&quot; He wasn't close enough to be threatening,
  but if she was fishing, it was enough to let her know he was on her line. 
 &quot;I like to see good people get good pets.&quot; Again, that deep almost
  gasping, breath. &quot;Your daughter will love her.&quot; 
 The smile on his face stayed pleasant, with difficulty. &quot;Morgan is
  not my daughter. Her brother is my beloved's latest plaything.&quot; 
 Again that obnoxious giggle, Azrael swore to himself that he would break
  her of that irritating noise first thing. &quot;So, you have, like, an open
  relationship, huh?&quot; The implications in her tone were nauseating. 
 &quot;Yes. I suppose you could call it that.&quot; He raised a hand to stop
  her next babble. &quot;Morgan, precious, go fetch what ever you think your
  pet needs.&quot; Then again he turned his full attention on the shallow, vain,
  and petty piece of meat in front of him. &quot;And you? What sort of relationship
  do you have with your lover?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh, we date other people. I'm not ready to be tied down to one guy
  yet.&quot; She lowered her voice, looking around her. &quot;Though I got to
  say this, you are the best-looking thing to walk through my door in a long
  time.&quot; 
 Azrael threw his head back and laughed. She was shallow, but with work and
  time, he could make her into a worthy pet for one of his Kin. &quot;Why, thank
  you. Flattery will get you many places with me, my dear.&quot; 
 She smiled what he assumed was her promise of erotic adventure's smiles,
  as she turned to the counter to take care of other customers. Yes, he would
  have this one. Not because he wanted her for one of his cherished pets. She
  wouldn't be, but because as one of the house-slaves. She would actually do
  something worthwhile. *Megel, *   he 'reached'   for
  his First-Born. 
 *Sire? *   The response was immediate, if distracted.
  Amber was modeling some very interesting garments for him. 
 *I am ready to go. Would you please come to the pet store and
        help Morgan collect her belongings? I have a distraction that I would
        like to see to its end. *   He opened him mind to Michael,
        letting him see and know through his eyes. 
 *I will hurry Jason and Amber along. It shouldn't take more
        than another fifteen minutes. *   Michael's amusement
        and disgust flowed back with his thoughts. *Mark will be
        disappointed that he is not going to be the night's entertainment. *  
 *I will make it up to him. *   He, broke contact
  as Wendy turned back to him, a slip of paper in her hand. &quot;And what is
  this, my dear?&quot; 
 &quot;My phone number.&quot; She let her fingers linger on his. 
 He let her hand remain in his. &quot;What time do you get off?&quot; A touch
  of will, the lightest of brushes, &quot;I would like to continue our conversation,
  uninterrupted.&quot; 
 She looked at the clock, almost nine. &quot;I get off in ten minutes.&quot; She
  looked around for Morgan, who was with the help of another clerk, gathering
  supplies. &quot;What about her?&quot; 
 &quot;Michael will take her home. He is here with her brother, shopping.
  He should be along soon enough.&quot; He tucked her number away. &quot;Then
  you will have me, all to yourself.&quot; 
 She giggled 'again'  . &quot;Cool, well let me finish
  up here, then we can go . . . ..&quot; she winked at him. Azrael couldn't believe
  it. This child actually winked at him. &quot;Somewhere, and you know, talk.&quot; 
 Azrael fled, but with dignity, looking for something, anything, to put,
  some, distance between himself and this creature. If he killed her, he would
  be doing the world a favor. She was a slut. There was no other word for her. 'What,
  were her parents, thinking of when they chose to breed'  ? 
 His course took him past a cage of kittens, small, bouncy fur balls that
  caught his eye. He preferred cats. They were less dependent than dogs, and
  they reminded him of his youth. 
 &quot;Can I help you, sir?&quot; A young male clerk stood just to his left,
  voice friendly, but not over-eager. His body language spoke of self-confidence
  not normally seen in a man his age. 
 Azrael motioned at the glass. &quot;I was just observing.&quot; One in particular
  caught his eye. A small, yellow and white ball that, seemed, hell-bent on beating
  up three other kittens. &quot;How much are they?&quot; 
 &quot;Twenty-five dollars. But they've had all their shots, and they've
  been de-wormed.&quot; The young man smiled a little more. He could smell a
  sale from this one. If he could just get him to actually hold one, it would
  be as good as done. 
 Azrael gave the clerk his attention. Young, yes, perhaps in his early twenties,
  surely no older, eyes a dark, almost pewter, gray that seemed to take in a
  great deal. &quot;You read people well.&quot; 
 The young man shrugged. &quot;I know animals, and what people go with which.
  You have 'cat-person'   tattooed on your forehead.&quot; 
 Azrael was charmed. &quot;Then far be it for me to ruin your reputation.
  Let me see the yellow and white one.&quot; Such, a refreshing change from the
  vapid vamp at the counter. This one was one he would choose for a pet. But
  no, the boy had a bright future, one that didn't need interruption by his kind
  The kitten attacked the clerk's hand the moment he reached for him. &quot;Come
  here, you.&quot; He laughed as the kitten tried to crawl up his arm. &quot;He's
  everyone's favorite. I'm afraid we've spoiled him rotten.&quot; He handed him
  to Azrael. 
 &quot;He is quite charming.&quot; The kitten sank its claws into Azrael's
  coat sleeve and began to purr as he petted it. As always, he was stunned by
  the sound that came from the kitten, a loud, raspy, constant rumble, much too
  great a noise to be coming from a creature this small. 
 'KA-CHING'  ! Went the cash register in the clerk's
  head. &quot;He likes you.&quot; It was a sale, or he didn't know his business. 
 &quot;Well, you might as well show me where the supplies for him are kept.
  You are right, I must have him.&quot; He hoped that Mark was a cat person as
  well. This darling piece of fur was a gift, to ease his disappointment at not
  being the center of attention tonight. 
 &quot;What are you doing?&quot; Michael appeared at his side. 
 &quot;Buying a kitten for Mark.&quot; He held up the ball of fur. &quot;See,
  is he not adorable?&quot; Michael accepted the tiny life into his hands, so
  that Azrael could take things from the clerk. 
 &quot;This is the best kitten food on the market today. Its base is rice,
  which helps with digestion. We feed it to all of them here, so he won't have
  to change foods, unless you prefer something else.&quot; The clerk didn't think
  money was an issue with this man, so he had collected a small mound of things
  from kitty litter to vitamins. &quot;There you go, sir. Everything to make
  him happy.&quot; 
 Azrael shook his head. &quot;And to think, when I was a child, our cats
  ran free in the streets, and scrounged for food.&quot; He passed the young
  man his Visa card. &quot;Here, and please add whatever my girl has bought for
  her new pup on it as well. Then I will sign it.&quot; 
 Yes! It would be his sale. It would make Wendy nuts. The guy she had been
  trying so hard to jump gave him the sale. There really was a God, and he was
  on good terms with Her for the moment. &quot;I'll be right back.&quot; 
 &quot;He's going to remember you.&quot; Michael warned softly. 
 &quot;Of course he will. Wait.&quot; He looked over at Morgan, who stood
  with Jason and Amber. Each loaded down with packages. &quot;I see I was not
  the only one spoiling my pet tonight.&quot; 
 &quot;Jason needed clothes, and Amber needed to feel some of my favor tonight.
  I am still almost a stranger to her.&quot; 
 &quot;Well, as soon as he has Morgan's things bagged, take them home. I
  will be along soon enough. We shall see how long it takes me to break that
  annoying piece of meat. She is, by far, the most obnoxious female that I have
  ever had the misfortune of dealing with in many centuries.&quot; 
 The clerk returned, grinning. &quot;Do you want to see the amount, or should
  I keep my hand over it?&quot; 
 &quot;Please. Just let me sign the damned thing and get it out of my sight.
  The things I do for my lovers.&quot; He looked at Michael, mischief in his
  eyes. &quot;That boy of yours, he had best be worth me spoiling his family
  so.&quot; 
 *You know he is. And so is she. *   Michael
  grinned back. 
 The clerk returned Azrael's card. &quot;There you go. She's all ready.&quot; 
 Azrael read the nametag on his shirt. &quot;Tony,&quot; he said, placing
  a hand lightly on the young man's arm. &quot;Listen to me.&quot; His power
  captivated the young mortal. Something skittered around the edge of Azrael's
  awareness, but he couldn't read it. &quot;You know me. I have been in here
  many times with my lovers, all male. You did not notice anything out of the
  ordinary tonight, nor will you have you any reason to think of me in the coming
  days.&quot; He moved a little closer, hiding them from prying eyes with his
  power. &quot;Your life burns brightly, boy. I would not take it from you if
  I could prevent it. Remember that I am your friend. You have nothing to fear
  from me or my kind, ever. We have no wish to take one so gifted from this world.&quot; Then
  he withdrew his mind. &quot;I want to thank you, yet again, for being so helpful.&quot; He
  smiled as the boy blushed under his gaze. &quot;I have no idea what I would
  do without you. You always seem to know exactly what I need for my zoo.&quot; 
 Tony laughed. Would this guy never give it up? Every time he came in here,
  he flirted with him. It was worth it this time, just to watch Wendy make a
  fool out of herself over this guy. As if it wasn't as clear as the nose on
  her face that he was gay. &quot;Any time. I'm always here.&quot; 
 Michael and the troop left, each weighed down with bags and boxes. Azrael
  was ever grateful that he had amassed the fortune he had over the years. It
  was becoming more and more expensive to live. 
 A hand on his shoulder, &quot;I'm ready to go.&quot; Wendy almost pressed
  her body against his. 
 &quot;Then, my dear, let us be off.&quot; To the world around them, she
  was leaving with a large man, dressed in biker leathers. No one would ever
  connect him with this woman. &quot;My limousine is parked outside. I am sorry,
  but my driver is off tonight, so I will have to drive. I hope you can wait
  until we get somewhere more appropriate to continue our conversation.&quot; 
 He winced at her giggle. &quot;A limo. You must really be rich.&quot; He
  could smell a hunter a mile away, and this girl was definitely one. 
 &quot;I suppose that I am. I really haven't thought about it. Shall we go?&quot; If
  he could get her to the parking lot, he would take her. 
 She followed him on his arm, prattling on about her likes and dislikes,
  practically trying to sell herself to him. Azrael swore that once he made her
  his, she would never, sell, herself as such again. 
 &quot;Enough.&quot; He turned to her as they stepped out into the night
  air. His illusion masked their presence. &quot;You have babbled quite enough,
  girl. You will be silent.&quot; 
 Her face changed from confusion to embarrassment to anger. &quot;Excuse
  me?&quot; She tried to pull her arm from him. 
 Azrael tightened his grip. &quot;I said, be silent. I realize that you are
  not the most intelligent creature born to man, but even you should understand
  that.&quot; 
 &quot;Let me go.&quot; Anger was replaced by fear. Who was this man? What
  did he want? She struggled to free herself. &quot;Stop it. You're hurting me.&quot; 
 Wendy cried out as Azrael pulled her down against him, her height forcing
  her to bend down a little. &quot;You do not know what pain is, girl, but believe
  me, if you fail to obey me, I will teach you.&quot; 
 She looked around at the people exiting the mall around them. Didn't they
  see what was happening? Nobody could just stand by like that. This was 'Georgia'   for
  God's sake, not New York. &quot;Help me,&quot; she screamed, fighting as Azrael
  held her. &quot;Please, somebody, help me.&quot; 
 Azrael let her cry for help. &quot;No one can hear you, girl. No one can
  see you. Scream all you want. No one will save you. You are mine, now. Live
  or die, you will always be mine.&quot; 
 She went mad, lashing out, kicking and screaming, trying to break the hold
  this madman had on her. In all her life, nothing like this had ever happened.
  Always, she'd been able to get away, to talk her way out. She kept fighting,
  trying to break his grip. But it was no use. Nothing she did fazed him. The
  grip on her arm only tightened. 
 &quot;Are you through, yet?&quot; Azrael's tone was mocking. &quot;I grow
  tired of your noise. You are mine, and no one will gainsay my right to you.
  Best you learn that now. If you fail, I will be forced to teach you better.
  That is something you do not wish to experience.&quot; He smiled a deadly smile. 
 She stopped fighting, blue eyes wide with near-mindless fear. She didn't
  know who this man was. He couldn't be human, no way. She had hit him, clawed
  and kicked him, yet no trace of violence was present. &quot;Please.&quot; She
  still pulled at the arm that held her. &quot;Don't hurt me. I'll do anything
  you say. I swear, just, 'please'   . . .&quot; her voice
  broke in a sob now. &quot;Please, don't hurt me. Don't kill me.&quot; 
 Azrael smiled broadly, revealing his fangs. &quot;Trust me, dear. Killing
  you is the farthest thing from my mind.&quot; 
 A whimper broke in her throat. &quot;What are you?&quot; 
 &quot;A vampire. You, my dear, are going to be a slave in my house.&quot; He
  pulled her along as he began to walk to his car. &quot;I am opening a covenstead,
  and will need mortals from which my Kin may feed. It really is something of
  an honor. Not every mortal is fit for the position.&quot; 
 A vampire, she'd heard of them. This thing that dragged her along was a
  vampire. She cried in earnest, now. He was going to drink her blood, feed her
  to others like him. &quot;No!&quot; 
 The hand that held her relinquished its punishing grip and the other came
  up to slap her to the pavement. She screamed in pain as her head struck the
  cement. She lay, clutching it, sobbing with pain and fear. 
 &quot;I will not tolerate any more resistance from you.&quot; He reached
  for her and dragged her to her feet. &quot;If you wish to live, girl, you will
  behave.&quot; 
 &quot;Please,&quot; she shrieked, as he ripped off her shirt. &quot;Please,
  don't.&quot; 
 He raised his hand threateningly, watching with pleasure as she flinched. &quot;You
  will take off your clothes, here and now. You will stop this incessant noise,
  or I swear to you, I will kill you now and feed you to the ones I have at home.&quot; He
  let go and stepped back. She fell. &quot;Obey me.&quot; 
 &quot;Please,&quot; she screamed, backing, away as he took a step towards
  her. &quot;I'm doing it.&quot; Her fingers fumbled for the front fastening
  of her bra, all thoughts of resistance gone. 
 He, watched, as she struggled with the garments she had probably easily
  discarded a hundred times before, amused at the mess she was making. Perhaps
  he was wrong. Perhaps the only use he would have for her was to feed the Fledglings
  in his care. &quot;I grow impatient with you. If you wish to live, you are
  going to have to learn to be quicker in following my orders. Now remove your
  shoes as well, and stand before me, hands behind your back. Let me see what
  I am taking home to my Kin 
 She almost threw a shoe at him as she obeyed, but the look on his face stopped
  her. He would kill her, no doubt. &quot;Please.&quot; She stood trembling,
  nails biting into the flesh of her arm as she waited for his response. 
 He touched the swelling cheek, tisking as she flinched. &quot;Do not move,
  Wendy. Your life depends on it.&quot; She was not unattractive, in her own
  way. Yes, there were many of his kind that would find her pleasing. 
 It took everything she had not to scream as he cupped her right breast in
  his hand, pinching the nipple firmly. &quot;I assume you are well-used. I will
  not have to warn any of my people to be gentle with you.&quot; He lowered his
  hand. &quot;Open your legs, Wendy. Your body is mine to do with as I please.&quot; He
  came close, letting her feel his body against hers as he molested her with
  his hand. 
 Her body betrayed her. She moaned as his fingers found her most sensitive,
  tender part and pressed against it, stoking her with careless strength. &quot;Yes.
  I see. You are nothing more than a bitch in heat. Trust me, 'dear'  .
  I will see that you are well-ridden.&quot; He smiled cruelly. &quot;You have
  no fear of that, of course. Sex has been your Chosen tool for too long. It
  will be amusing to see your response when it is used on you.&quot; He backed
  away and wiped off his hand. &quot;Down with you, hands and knees. If you insist
  on acting like a bitch in heat, then I will oblige you by treating you as such.&quot; 
 &quot;Please.&quot; She dropped, arms wrapping around, herself, as she began
  to sob, her whole body shaking with her terror. The world was stripping off
  its mask and leering at her. &quot;I'll be good, I promise, I won't do it again.
  Please, let me go home.&quot; 
 &quot;Now, now, my girl, I cannot do that. You know what I am. I could not
  let you go free, even if I wanted to--which I do not. No more of this nonsense,
  you will crawl behind me, and we will leave here. If you fail to obey me once
  more.&quot; He let it hang. 
 The asphalt cut into her hands and knees as she followed him. He was going
  to kill her. There was no doubt in her mind. He would kill her, but not before
  he tortured her. The reality of it sank in finally, throwing her whole world
  into shock. 
 She had never been stable. Even her parents, who loved her to the point
  of obsession, could agree. Her world was what she had made of it, and she hid
  from its ugly realities with her shallow venality. Faced with a vampire, something
  so far outside her understanding, her instability overwhelmed her. 
 The car door opened. &quot;In you go, be a good girl, and crawl into the
  back for me.&quot; He followed her in. Her fear called to his darkest nature.
  None of his cherished pets had ever feared him like this, even in the beginning. &quot;Come
  here.&quot; 
 She pressed against the other door, head shaking. She was trapped, now.
  He would hurt her. 
 With an oath, Azrael reached forward and yanked her to him. &quot;Forgetful
  piece of trash. I see that I must be firmer with you, until you learn your
  place.&quot; His fangs extended fully. All semblance of humanity fled his face
  as he pushed her head back, exposing her throat. 
 Her scream at the pain of his fangs was cut short as the heat and pleasure
  of the feeding took her. She moaned softly, pressing against his body as he
  fed. Shame and terror battled in her mind as she gave into his demands, and
  the last dregs of sanity fled her. 
 Azrael thrust her away in disgust. Not only was she a worthless piece of
  flesh, she was now not even good for feeding. Her mind as weak was as her morals.
  He resisted to urge to strike her as she huddled in the far corner of the seat,
  whimpering. 
 She was mad. There would be no help for it. The knowledge had been too much
  for her. Well, better he know it now, that to discover it later. There was
  no help for it. He would have to take her home and allow Vincent and his First-Born
  to feed from her, what a waste. 
 &quot;Wendy.&quot; He reached for her. Ignoring her mindless terror as it
  washed over him in waves. &quot;Relax, I won't hurt you.&quot; He pressed against
  her mind, forcing a calm on her, and then . . . &quot;Sleep girl, it will all
  be over with soon, but for now, sleep.&quot; Next time he chose one for his
  house, he would stick to the kinds he was most successful with. &quot;We're
  going home now.&quot; He almost felt pity. &quot;There, we will put an end
  to your terror.&quot; 
CHAPTER 14 
 Michael and his brood returned to his Sire's domain. Morgan still wrestled
  with her pup. &quot;So, Vincent, how has it been?&quot; 
 David looked up from where he and Aaron sat, watching as, Mark was ordered
  to perform, yet again. &quot;Fine Megel, where is Azrael?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh, he had a few things to do before he came home.&quot; And the tale
  of the girl and Azrael's intentions was told. 
 David nodded. It made sense. If Azrael really were opening a covenstead,
  he would need more humans to feed his Kin. &quot;So, we are to expect a guest
  for dinner?&quot; He grinned at his own joke. 
 Michael grinned nodding. &quot;So it would seem, so it would seem.&quot; He
  moved to the couch, dropped the bundles beside it, and sat down. He had to
  lighten the mood before Azrael returned. Too many new ones a great many of
  which had been with them only days. 
 &quot;So,&quot; he smiled down where Valerie and Mark lay locked together
  in passion. &quot;What have I missed?&quot; The kitten curled up against his
  chest, purring. 
 David looked at him, chuckling. &quot;Oh, I'm amusing myself and our pets
  with Mark. We are testing the depth of his submission.&quot; 
 Michael nodded, yes, this he understood. &quot;How has he been so far?&quot; 
 &quot;Let the girls come sit with me, and let him answer that.&quot; 
 Michael nodded to both Amber and Morgan. &quot;Okay, Vincent, let him show
  me how submissive he is.&quot; 
 Mark lay beside Valerie, gasping for breath. He had never been so worn out
  before in his life or at least not the way he was now. He didn't know if he
  could still move, and yet, David was getting ready to order him up once again. &quot;Please,
  Master,&quot; he begged, not at all ashamed to do so. He had done more in one
  night, so far, than he did sometimes in weeks. 
 David made a tisking sound as he rose to come to where he lay. &quot;Mark,
  where is your spirit of the game? Were you not the one who swore his submission
  was complete?&quot; He bent and helped Mark back up to his knees. &quot;Go
  on with you, pet. Neither Megel or Jason are going to hurt you.&quot; 
 Mark knelt at Michael's knees, resting his head against them. 
 Jason snuggled closer to Michael, eyes wide with curiosity. &quot;Master?&quot; 
 Michael looked down at Mark. &quot;Let's see what the boy has in mind, love.
  Who knows, given the right incentive, we might be amused after all.&quot; He
  pulled away from Jason, leaning down to pull Mark up to him. &quot;Look up,
  pet, see what your master brought you.&quot; Dark brown eyes met his. 
 Mark looked up at him noticing the kitten. &quot;Master?&quot; 
 &quot;Azrael thought perhaps you would like a pet. Take him and put him
  away for now, the return to me.&quot; 
 The kitten fussed only for a second as Michael handed him over. &quot;Hurry,
  boy.&quot; 
 Mark was confused, but he obeyed. &quot;Master?&quot; He returned, kneeling,
  again at the vampire's feet. 
 Michael lifted his face. &quot;Thirsty, pet?&quot; 
 Mark nodded. &quot;Parched.&quot; He smiled. &quot;About to die to be honest.&quot; 
 Michael chuckled. &quot;Now,&quot; he pulled him closer, &quot;We can't
  have you doing that, now can we?&quot; He felt the press of hot flesh against
  him as the lips beneath his parted and welcomed his tongue. &quot;Vincent,
  would you hand me the knife?&quot; He smiled down at Mark. &quot;The night
  is young, it is far too early for you to be calling it quits now.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Tony helped lock up the pet store, muttering about Wendy and her hormones
  as he did so. All, that flirt and bother, and then leaving with that biker.
  Some girls had no brains or control. 
 He couldn't help but notice the limousine parked in the middle of the parking
  lot as he came out. 'What the'  , it wasn't normal, who
  would leave a vehicle like that here? 
 He almost returned into the building to call the police, when he noticed
  Azrael exiting from the back seat. 'Oh, it's him'  . Tony
  relaxed and grinned. The guy probably had one of his numerous lovers in the
  back. It was almost funny. The guy had money, looks, and charm, yet was always
  flirting with him every time he came into his store. 
 Ah, well, it was none of his business. He almost turned away, heading for
  his car, when his inner warning system went off. 
 He looked around. Trying to gauge from what direction the trouble was coming.
  There was nothing. Nothing visible, but there was something there, just at
  the edge--he invoked his inner sight, seeing the world around him now with
  more than just his two eyes. 
 'Power'  . The warning in his head was almost maddening
  as he looked at himself. He was surrounded by residue. Someone had whammied
  him. Who and when were at the front of his mind as he looked around for the
  threat. They were obviously still present, or his warning system wouldn't be
  acting up. Then his eyes fell onto Azrael. 
 It was this man, the queer. The powers around him were staggering. A haze
  of red heavy energy emanated from him. Oh, Shit. Instinct took hold as his
  shields were raised. Whatever the guy was, it was not something he was ready
  to take on. 
 Azrael looked up, alarmed as he felt first the brush against his own shields.
  It had been so long since he had felt the invoking of mage sight. He almost
  passed it off as nerves. Then the feeling was accompanied by the calling of
  shields. Sloppily constructed and incredibly noisy, but shields none the less.
  His eyes scanned the area, coming to rest on Tony. 'My goodness and
  what do we have here'  ? 
 The boy was a mage. A true mage, though obviously new, to, his, vocation,
  incredibly loud, and barely trained. Who would have ever thought, after all
  these years, that the Magi were still in existence? But they were, and here
  was a young baby mage, fully shielded, and with Sight, before him. Azrael cast
  a minor summoning, to draw the youth close. 
 And, to the young man's horror, it worked. Tony fought the pull that dragged
  him to this stranger. No one had power like this. His best defensive spells
  could only slow his pace, not stop it. He redoubled his efforts, throwing everything
  he had into fighting the inevitable. 
 &quot;You might as well save your strength, boy.&quot; Azrael advised, with
  an amused chuckle. He added just the lightest brush more power, and the boy's
  resistance ceased. &quot;So, Mageling,&quot; Azrael smiled. &quot;And here
  I thought there were no more of your kind alive.&quot; 
 &quot;Why are you doing this?&quot; Tony felt the last of his struggle fade
  with the new power. Whoever this man was, there was no other that he had ever
  heard of that would beat him. &quot;I have no war with you.&quot; 
 Azrael nodded, granting him that. &quot;Nor I you, but you have recognized
  me for what I am. Surely you know what that means?&quot; 
 His captor was a black magician. Tony's heart constricted. The man was,
  had to be a black mage. &quot;Okay,&quot; his head bowed. &quot;What do you
  want?&quot; 
 Azrael almost laughed at the young man. This mageling thought him to be
  a 'black mage'. &quot;Well, you are bright enough to see where there is no
  chance. So tell me mageling, what do you have to offer, that is worth your
  life.&quot; 
 Tony relaxed just a little. The man was talking to him. Hadn't done anything
  more than summon him, yet. &quot;Nothing, you know that.&quot; Unlike so many
  of the new-age groups out there, Tony didn't fear the dark arts quite the way
  they did. He knew for the most part, those who walked them wanted nothing more
  than to be left alone, not desiring conflict any more than those of the white.
  It was only the ambitious and young that ever caused trouble. He wasn't sure
  of the mage's ambition, but this one wasn't young. &quot;I mean, what can I
  give you that you don't have already? I'm nowhere near your league, and if
  what I have seen is any indication, then neither is my Master.&quot; 
 &quot;You really do not know what I am?&quot; There was honest surprise
  in Azrael's voice. He brushed against Tony's mind briefly. &quot;No, I see
  you do not. Well this is rich.&quot; 
 &quot;No, I suppose I don't.&quot; The ease of breath Tony thought he had
  constricted again. 
 &quot;Your teacher has failed you, mageling, if he never thought that you
  would need to know of my kind and how to protect yourself.&quot; 
 Tony pulled all his power back, dropping useless shields, throwing everything
  he had into his inner sight. His shields came back up almost as quickly as
  they went down. &quot;What are you?&quot; The being in front of him wasn't
  human. 
 &quot;Oh, do stop that.&quot; Azrael's hand rose, and with a careless gesture,
  shattered Tony's protections. &quot;It's been more years than you can imagine
  since last I used my arts, but as rusty as I am now, you are no still match
  for me.&quot; He held out his hands. &quot;So mageling, what does your sight
  tell you I am?&quot; 
 &quot;I don't know.&quot; Excitement entered his fear. &quot;You're not
  human. So, what are you?&quot; Here was something that was new, and he had
  to know what form a creature was before him. 
 Azrael snorted. 'Just like a mage, to be thrilled by a new working,
      even as  
it killed him'  . &quot;I am of the Vampyr, a vampire.
  You conceal yourself well. Had I known you were a mage, I would have taken
  steps to guarantee that you never guessed my true nature. But now I can no
  longer blind you. You know what I am, you are on guard, and your very nature
  now protects you from my illusion.&quot; 
 &quot;Okay,&quot; he licked his lips, trying to keep his voice calm as he
  reached blindly for Kat, his Master. Someone needed to know what was happening.
  It was his only hope. 
 &quot;Do not try that,&quot; Azrael chided, stifling the cry before it could
  launch. &quot;We must not involve others in this. Would you have another's
  death on your soul?&quot; 
 Tony fought and won over the urge to panic. &quot;So.&quot; He took a deep
  breath, facing Azrael. &quot;Are you going to kill me?&quot; 
 Azrael sighed. Good, the boy was thinking. 'I could make him into
      one of the finest Mages of this century'  . &quot;That depends
      on you, Mageling. My hunt this night was for another, but alas, she proved
      to be useless for my needs.&quot; 
 &quot;Wendy? But she left with, Ah.&quot; A simple enough illusions to cast.
  Then the rest fell into place. Azrael's earlier words echoed in his mind as
  he merged it with the new information. &quot;Did you kill her?&quot; 
 &quot;No, at this moment she is asleep in my car. But yes, she is to die.
  Her mind snapped under the knowledge of my true nature.&quot; He held out his
  hands, shrugging. &quot;She is quite mad now.&quot; Azrael stepped forward. &quot;So,
  Mageling, you have a choice. You can join her in death, or you can accept me
  as your master. I promise you, I can train you to be more than, you, ever believed
  possible. I, too, am of the Magi, though in my age we were also called priests.&quot; He
  felt the boy's arm flinch under his hand, and he drew nearer, mouth just inches
  from his ear. &quot;Remember I promised that you are safe from me, that I would
  rather have you as a friend. Allow me that, Mageling, for I am loath to have
  to be your enemy.&quot; 
 Death wasn't an option for Tony. His will to live too great. But what would
  this one before him demand? &quot;You--I will not be forced to lure others
  to you, will I? Be responsible for their deaths?&quot; No he didn't want to
  die, but neither could he live if his life meant that others would lose theirs. 
 &quot;No, child. I would never ask that of you. You are a white mage. Asking
  that of you is the same as killing you. You would die before submitting to
  it.&quot; 
 Tony swallowed back his fear. He wouldn't be asked to help him kill. &quot;I
  won't have to betray my people, will I?&quot; 
 &quot;Absolutely not, I too was one of the light in my youth.&quot; 
 &quot;My oaths. Must I forsake them?&quot; 
 &quot;Again, absolutely not.&quot; Azrael was pleased with the young man.
  It was becoming more and more obvious that he was one, not only with a brilliant
  gift, but a quick mind as well. 
 &quot;My master?&quot; 
 &quot;Child, your teacher is safe from me. I will harm no one you hold dear.
  I want your submission, but not over the bodies of your people.&quot; 
 There was only one thing left. And he knew the answer even as he formed
  the words for the question. &quot;Belonging to you, accepting you as my master,
  does it mean I have to get used to taking it up the ass a lot?&quot; 
 The smile on Azrael's face was serene. &quot;Absolutely.&quot; 
 Tony waited for the 'not'   to follow, but as seconds
  passed, it became obvious that it wasn't coming. 
 Oh well, homosexuality was a lifestyle that he had never even remotely been
  interested in. Looked like that was now going to change, if he wanted to live.
  He would have to give his new Master whatever was deemed the price for his
  continued life and learning. 
 &quot;Do you have any more questions for me? Is my offer tempting? I will
  not ask much of you, just your word. Accept me as your master. Obey my will.
  Allow me to let you live. For if you break pact with me, I will have no choice
  but to strip you of your powers and make you a slave of my house.&quot; His
  tone softened as he pulled near, again. &quot;Let me grant you the honor of
  my teachings, join me in the joy of learning. The things I will teach you,
  the wonders you will see the, miracles of life at your command. Knowledge,
  more knowledge than you would 
ever dream.&quot; His fingers brushed Tony's cheek. 
 Tony took a deep breath, closing his eyes as the hand continued to caress
  his face. &quot;And if I keep faith with you? Obey you as my Master. Your word
  that I will be just that, your apprentice?&quot; 
 &quot;My word Mageling.&quot; Azrael knew, this one he would love. 
 &quot;Then I will make to you the same oath I did my teacher.&quot; He knelt. &quot;My
  life, my will and my obedience will be yours. I swear on my body, my soul and
  my power.&quot; 
 It was too rich. Go out to, reward, one pet. Choose another, and lose her,
  and come home with one like this. One he would make Kin. He could not let one
  like this, so powerful and so open, whither and die. &quot;My name is Azrael.
  As a token of my pleasure at your submission, you may use it as freely as you
  do 'Master'  . And we will call you, Torin, or Tori for
  short, after one of my brethren from when I was young and in the priesthood.
  Will you accept your name?&quot; So far he had not once been forced to use
  his power. Eventually he would, and he wondered how long it would be. With
  the exception of removing the pain of the boys deflowering, he would never
  do so unless he was forced. 
 &quot;Does all my past die tonight?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, you will be reported missing, just as the girl. No one will ever
  find you, of that you can be assured. I will sever you link with your old master.
  It is better he think you dead. Let him mourn your passing and go on 
with life.&quot; 
 &quot;She.&quot; There was honest pain in his voice. &quot;Her name is Katherine.&quot; He
  looked up, face of an angel. Eyes clear and true no resistance, no deceptions. &quot;She
  will never know I broke my oath to her will she? That I have taken another
  as my teacher?&quot; 
 &quot;No, pet, she will never know. She will feel the tie as it is severed,
  and she will believe you dead. Fear not, child, the break will be quick. I
  will give her no reason to add the pain of believing you suffered to her grief.
  I am not a monster. I regret that this happened. As I said, and you may believe
  this, I was content to let you live without this knowledge. It was fate that
  threw us together, not any action on my part. I would never force one of the
  practitioners of the art to my dominance unless I had no choice. I will not
  make you suffer because of it. My word, on 'my'   life, 'my'   blood,
  and 'my'  power.&quot; 
 &quot;Thank you.&quot; Torin's head bowed as Azrael stroked his hair, waiting
  as he had so often with Kat, for permission to stand. 
 &quot;Come on up, boy, we should be getting home. Both Morgan and Mark probably
  believe that I have forgotten them.&quot; He helped the boy to stand. &quot;On
  the drive home, I will tell you of your new family, and what is expected of
  you.&quot; Gently Azrael cupped his face. &quot;Do not fear me much, Mageling.
  I have no reason to hurt you, and as long as you keep faith with me, I never
  will. Should you give me some cause to punish you, you will find that both
  the delivery and the forgiveness afterwards are swift. I have walked the earth
  for over three thousand years, had scores of mortal pets and sired nine children
  of the Vampyr, seven of which still live. Megel, who you met tonight, and who
  I called by his mundane name of Michael, is my First-Born. He is my most beloved,
  and you may ask him anytime, freely, without fear or reprisals of my nature
  and temperament.&quot; Slowly, he pulled the boy forward. &quot;Ssshh. It is
  all right Tori. You are safe. &quot;A brush of his lips, lightly teasing. He
  would never let the boy fear attack, and later, in his bed, he would treat
  him with the same gentleness that had claimed so many of his precious ones. &quot;Will
  you accept this? Wrap your arms around me, and share this moment with me before
  you leave your life behind?&quot; 
 He felt the boy fight the tears as he took a step, eyes lifting to meet
  his. He could read the pain, the sorrow, in them, but surprisingly enough,
  no fear. That was gone. &quot;I'm sorry,&quot; were Torin's only words, as
  a single tear slipped down his cheek, then his mouth covered Azrael's, accepting
  his fate. 
 Azrael accepted the kiss as what it was, another oath. Another promise,
  that he would live up to his word. And the respect he felt, not only for the
  boy, but the woman, who had begun his training, grew. &quot;Open your mouth,
  child let me taste your tongue.&quot; 
 Tony, who would now only think of himself as Torin, or Tori, as his new
  master decreed, was a strong empath, but never before had he ever felt emotions
  from anyone as strongly as he felt them from the vampire. The pleasure at his
  acceptance mingled with the regret for having to alter his life, as well as
  the intense physical enjoyment of the kiss. They combined and washed over him,
  leaving him feeling humbled and a little less apprehensive of his future. Surely
  his new Master, Azrael, would not be too hard on him. No one who could feel
  this purely could be evil. 
 He returned the kiss freely, without shyness. Fingers locked in Azrael's
  hair. Devotion he knew well, and he would learn whatever he needed to learn
  to do what he must. &quot;Azrael, please. May I ask a final question before
  we go?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes Tori, ask.&quot; 
 &quot;When you--&quot; he blushed &quot;--when you chose to take payment
  for my lessons.&quot; 
 &quot;I promise you, Tori, when that time comes, there will be no pain.&quot; Azrael
  brushed the wetness from his cheek. &quot;I will refrain from dominating you,
  from taking away your freedom of choice, as long as you obey me. My word, as
  long as you keep faith with me, it will be by your own choice.&quot; 
 &quot;I won't give you reason to believe I broke pact with you. My word.&quot; And
  this time it was he who brought their heads together, no incentive, and no
  requests. &quot;I swear it. Before tonight, my master never had reason to think
  I would fail to keep my end of the bargain.&quot; Eyes lowered, as the pain
  of his loss struck home. He had just bought his life and training, but at such
  a cost. He was forsworn now, an oath breaker, a warlock 
 &quot;Torin, look at me. You are not in violation of your oath. Surely your
  teacher would not want you to die. You had no other option, and as of this
  moment have no other master.&quot; Azrael pulled Torin close, arms wrapping
  around to give support. &quot;Once I have broken your tie with your old master,
  you are blameless, and free to accept me as your master, freely and without
  taint.&quot; He felt the shudder that ran through the boy in his arms. &quot;Hold
  on to me, Torin, there will be some pain. I am sorry, I would not hurt you,
  if I could prevent it.&quot; He felt the boy stiffen, heard the small strangled
  gasp of pain as he severed the tie between the boy and his human master. 
 It hurt. Oh, gods, it hurt. Torin felt lost, alone. He had never realized
  what Kat meant to him before now, when it was too late. &quot;It's gone.&quot; The
  words were more an accusation than a question. 
 &quot;Yes, child. You are free of all ties and obligations, other than the
  ones you have with me.&quot; Poor youngling, Azrael swore he would see this
  bright life happy again. &quot;Are we ready to go? Or do you need a moment
  to mourn the passing?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; Torin locked it all down. Now was not the time for this.
  Later, when he was alone, he would cry. But for the moment, his life called
  him on. &quot;I am ready, master.&quot; 
 &quot;No, Tori, you are not. Mourn if you need, but you must let go. For
  if you do not, it will eat at your soul.&quot; Azrael felt the battle going
  on inside his new pet, the pain and the need to hide from it. &quot;Cry, I
  will not begrudge you the tears, or your love for the woman who started you
  on this path.&quot; He slowly helped Torin to the ground, holding him as the
  tears came. &quot;There is no shame in how you feel. The honesty of your grief
  proves more to me of your worthiness, than all the power in creation.&quot; 
 Torin couldn't stop the tears, or the pain that flowed from him in waves.
  He had traded everything for his life and his craft. His family, his friends,
  the teacher that he loved more than life, had given it all up to the creature
  that held him, stroked his hair, and whispered what words of comfort that he
  could. 
 The emptiness in his soul reached for this kindness. Let the emotional support
  his new master offered fill the void. Holding on as he gave in to the kisses
  that were meant to comfort. Welcoming the strength that surrounded him. 
 Azrael paid no mind to the time as he held his pet. Time had no importance
  now. The only thing that mattered was helping the youth, purge, himself. If
  he was unable to let the past die and go on freely, then he was useless as
  a mage, and a danger. &quot;All better, now?&quot; Azrael smiled down into
  Torin's eyes as he brushed the tears away. 
 &quot;Yes, Master.&quot; And he was. Azrael had been right to insist that
  he purge himself. The pain was still there, but it didn't eat at his soul.
  He really wasn't close to his family, his father had left when he was little,
  and his mother didn't have time for him, nor had she understood him. His studies
  kept him busy, so he really had no close friends, no one to miss him, and Kat.
  . . ., he was dead to her now. &quot;Thank you.&quot; 
 &quot;For what? Not being a monster?&quot; Azrael laughed, kissing him again
  softly. &quot;Now come, it is time to leave,&quot; 
 * * * 
 Michael watched. Both pleased and amused as both Jason and Jenna attacked
  Mark. It still surprised him, even knowing how powerful Azrael was, that, Mark
  had given in as he had. But it was a good thing. So he welcomed it. 
 Mark didn't know who to hold, or who to kiss first. He had been drowning
  in flesh for the last couple of hours. If he had been worried that by living
  here, being owned by a man would limit his time with the ladies, this night
  had eased his worries. Even as Jason toyed with him, he could hide himself
  in the warmth of another woman. He could learn to live with this. As he moved
  to fill her, being filled in turn by Jason, it was fast becoming a life he
  could learn to love. 
 * * * 
 Torin tried not to notice Wendy's naked body in the back seat. She looked
  dead, and he couldn't stop staring until he saw her chest rise slightly. &quot;Does
  she have to die?&quot; 
 &quot;Unfortunately, yes. I would have rather had her for a pet. I am opening
  a covenstead for my Kin. I will need mortals as servants and food. Her mind
  was weak. Would you have me let her live with no sanity?&quot; 
 Torin looked at him, reaching to lay a hand on his arm. &quot;May I try?
  I've had some success with healing. Will you let me see if I can help her?&quot; 
 Azrael knew there was no hope. But killing so upset those of the light.
  What could it hurt? If the boy accepted that there was nothing left, he would
  not mourn her death too much. &quot;Yes, if you feel you must, then by all
  means feel free. I give you my blessings. But if you cannot.&quot; 
 &quot;Then it's better if she died. Not even Wendy ever did anything to
  deserve that.&quot; 
 Azrael could see how having this one was going to be such a joy. He would
  fit in so well with his girls, and would give Mark a brother to help him share
  the emotional ups and downs of his new life. &quot;I suppose now would be a
  good time to explain how my home works.&quot; 
 &quot;Please.&quot; Dark gray eyes, so full of curiosity and hunger, rested
  on him as Torin gave Azrael his complete attention. 
 &quot;At present count, not including you, I have five mortal pets. Four
  girls and Mark, these five will be your family, for they are all mine. Maria
  is my first, and unless one of my Kin countermands an order she gives you,
  you obey her as quickly as you would me. Then there is Jenna, Valerie, Morgan,
  and Mark. You will share your life with them, and eventually your love.&quot; He
  let it sit for a moment. He wouldn't rush the boy. 
 &quot;At the moment there are four of my Kin in my home. There is Megel.
  Who is called, Michael, in the outside world. You may call him either if you
  are not using 'Master'  . He is my First-Born, and has
  with him two pets. Jason, who is Morgan's brother, and Amber. They are sweet
  children that will quickly become your friends. Jason is Megel's, Chosen, and
  the one he will make 'his'   First-Born, one-day. 
 &quot;Then there is Vincent, who is called David outside, and his two Fledglings,
  his children. Lilith and Cain, or Anna and Joseph if you would rather. They
  have with them two pets, Aaron and Billy.&quot; He stopped and looked at Torin. &quot;Am
  I going to fast for you, pet?&quot; 
 &quot;No, sir. So far, so good.&quot; He quickly memorized all the names,
  and who belonged to whom. 
 &quot;Vincent is serving a one hundred-year-service to me in exchange for
  my assistance as he grows stronger. He is quite young for an adult, barely
  a hundred and fifty. His Fledglings are mere babies. Lilith, is four and Cain
  is still young enough to be locked to his Sires throat. He is not quite a year
  yet.&quot; 
 Torin caught that. &quot;Wait, please. 'Locked to his throat'  .
  Explain.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, a true Mage.&quot; Azrael chuckled. &quot;The first year, while
  the change takes place within our bodies, the only blood we can stomach is
  from our Sire. It is a very uneasy and stressful time for a young Fledgling,
  because his whole existence is dependent on his maker, and should something
  happen to the Sire, the Childe will die.&quot; 
 &quot;Okay, got ya.&quot; He had not known of vampires before tonight, but
  he swore he'd learn everything he could about them, if for no other reason
  than to be able to serve his new Master to the fullest. &quot;Can I ask a question?
  Where did you come from?&quot; 
 &quot;The Vampyr did not come from this world, or not entirely.&quot; It
  had been many years since last he had been asked to tell this tale. &quot;Our
  forefathers came from another world. This world was hard for them, and after
  the crash, and the first sunrise, which killed so many, they were only twelve.&quot; 
 &quot;I don't understand, why did the sunrise kill them?&quot; Torin listened
  with rapt interest. He knew he was hearing something of importance. 
 &quot;Legend will tell you that it is the purity of the sun that is our
  death, but that is not correct. There are several bandwidths of ultra-violet
  that exist in the light of your sun that are deadly to us. This we inherited
  from 
our ancestors. So once they were faced with only a handful of survivors,
  just two that were female, they knew that they were doomed. 
 &quot;Thousands of years passed, and the Vampyr began to worry. There were
  no children. Now as a race, they were extraordinary. Gifted with mind gifts,
  and almost immortality, they were loath to let their race completely die out.
  So after it was finally decided that they could have no more children on their
  own, they strove to breed with the closest thing similar to them.&quot; Azrael
  paused, letting Torin come to the conclusion needed. 
 &quot;Humans, right?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, good, you see where this is headed. Unfortunately, the first
  children they alter and bred, they stove for fertility and ended up with monsters.
  The first Vampyr were not killers, and it caused great pain to be forced to
  end the lives of these poor beasts.&quot; 
 &quot;But they tried again, right? They would have to.&quot; Torin was captivated
  by the story, in spite of his nervousness. 
 &quot;Yes, the second attempt resulted in three sons. Whole and sane, but 
sterile, after that, they admitted defeat. They believed they were to die
  out.&quot; 
 &quot;So what happened?&quot; 
 &quot;Enzymes. They had not counted on the bestial nature of the mother
  race. Humans were still so close to their animal roots. The children had a
  dark nature, and due to their mixed heritage could only accept nourishment
  in the form of blood. The Vampyr struggled to train their children to be humane,
  to respect the life that gave them nourishment.&quot; 
 Azrael looked at him out of the corner of his eye as he drove. Yes, the
  boy was holding up well. It pleased him to see how strong his new pet was. &quot;They
  taught them laws, and codes so that they might live and grow with honor and
  decency. Just think Torin, if a mortal hits you it would only hurt, a Vampyr
  could knock your head from your shoulders. They accepted that these children,
  would, be the, last of, their kind. But they were wrong.&quot; 
 &quot;So what happened.&quot; The knowledge he was learning thrilled him. 
 &quot;No one is truly sure. The truth has long since died out. But legend
  says that one of the three, a young Childe fell in love with a mortal woman,
  and in the act of that love lost control and bled her almost to the point of
  death.&quot; 
 &quot;Man that had to suck.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, and in his panic, that Childe sought to return the blood he had
  taken, by forcing it back through his fangs. The change was total. She began
  to become Vampyr, and after a year, was.&quot; 
 &quot;So that is how vampires were made. Yeah, I can see it.&quot; 
 &quot;The father race was, of course, distraught. This gave them a completely
  different problem. So again laws were made, as to what would and would not
  make a suitable Childe. To this day, we live by those laws. And that, my curious
  Mageling, is how we came to be.&quot; 
 &quot;Thank you.&quot; It helped him somewhat to know that his knew master
  wasn't a demon, or some beast. 
 &quot;Now.&quot; It was time to finish his introduction to his home. &quot;When
  we get home, you and I will share what is called a blood bond. I will drink
  from you, and then you will accept my blood in exchange.&quot; 
 Torin gasped. &quot;Wait, I--Are you--Am I--&quot; No. This wasn't part
  of the agreement. 
 &quot;No child, relax.&quot; There was still fear, well hidden, not easily
  seen. Azrael knew he would have to be careful with his mageling, take that
  extra step to fully explain things. &quot;I would have to drain you to the
  point of death, and then force my blood back into your veins. A blood bond
  ties you to me. It will make you completely mine body and soul. My blood will
  grant you greater control over your powers, as well as a hundred and fifty
  years of perfect health and beautiful youth. You will live for the next century
  and a half as lovely as you are right now. It is a trade we make to the mortals
  we keep to feed from. We do not have to kill to live, and in this age, try
  to do so as little as possible.&quot; 
 &quot;This is part of my payment for training? You will live off my blood?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, but try not to worry so. There, is no pain other than a brief
  flash at the initial bite. Then, I promise you, you will enjoy it.&quot; He
  was anxious to see how his mageling reacted to his first feeding. 
 &quot;Do the rest feed off of me, too?&quot; 
 &quot;No, only I, for now. Once more of my Kin begin to come, you may be
  asked to grant them your blood. But no one will hurt you. Believe, that Tori,
  you will be safe. 
 &quot;You will recognize all the Vampyr as master, as is law. You will share
  yourself with them and show them the same respect as you show me. I understand
  that at first it will be difficult for you, and I will insist that they allow
  you to talk your way through the first few times, and that you are treated
  as gently and carefully as is needed. It will only be difficult for a short
  time, and then the blood I give you will make the contact not only necessary,
  but very pleasant.&quot; 
 &quot;And the others, the ones like me. I--do I have to--&quot; he blushed. 
 &quot;Yes. You will not deny your love to any in my home.&quot; Azrael reached
  for him as he stopped for a traffic light. &quot;Come here, lean against me.
  You are frightened, and I did not want that.&quot; 
 Torin obeyed, fighting the trembling in his body. &quot;Not frightened,
  I mean, not much. More nervous than anything, I--&quot; he took another deep
  breath. &quot;I'll do it. Just try not to expect a whole lot of finesse out
  of me at the beginning. I've slept with a couple of girls before, but nothing
  hot and heavy. My training kept me fairly busy, and Kat doesn't sleep with
  her students.&quot; 
 The rest of the drive was silent. Torin was stiff against Azrael for the
  first few minutes, but as he berated himself for his unwillingness to comply,
  began to relax. He had his life, an obscenely long one if what Azrael said
  was true, with greater power and a better teacher. What more could a mage ask
  for? He couldn't, think of any of those he knew that would have turned down
  an opportunity like this, even if they had to sleep with half the city. So,
  as his soul finally came to terms with this the silence in the car became peace,
  and the body, which, he rested against became comfort, and the ride to his
  new home was one he made with anticipation. 
CHAPTER 15 
 The garage opened with a flick of a switch on the dash. &quot;We are home.
  This is where you live now.&quot; Azrael had been silent during the last half
  of the ride home, allowing the mageling a chance to work through some of the
  shock. The boy's apparent willingness to accept comfort from him greatly eased
  the tension that he felt. 
 It wasn't right, and he knew it. The boy should get the same care and treatment
  that all his darlings received, and yet he couldn't bring himself to even think
  about breaking this one. He was a mage. Even after being away from his old
  Temple for over three millennia, Azrael still could not bring himself to hurt
  one of the Priesthood, at least, not without, strong provocation. 
 &quot;Nice house.&quot; Torin stood close to him. &quot;Master.&quot; 
 &quot;It suits my needs. Now, come. Let us take the girl downstairs so that
  you might try to heal her.&quot; 
 The girl whimpered as Azrael lifted her. Even in her sleep, her mind tormented
  her. Azrael came close to forbidding the mage to attempt to heal her, simply
  because he wanted it to end as quickly as possible. The weakness sickened him,
  but the pain that the mindless fear caused the girl, even in her sleep, sickened
  him more. 
 The hall light was on when Azrael opened the door. &quot;Azrael?&quot; Jenna
  asked. &quot;Oh, my. What happened?&quot; 
 &quot;Nothing dear, I'll be along soon.&quot; He sighed. He should have
  known one of them would be upstairs. &quot;Go back to what you were doing.
  I will explain it all later.&quot; 
 She looked from him to the girl in his arms. &quot;Okay.&quot; The worry
  in her face bothered Azrael. He tried so hard to protect his girls from the
  darker realities of his nature. &quot;See you later, right?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, pet. Go on, go find Megel and tell him that I asked him to hold
  you.&quot; 
 Torin watched the girl head for the stairs. &quot;Master, who is she?&quot; 
 &quot;That is Jenna. She is like you, a pet in my home.&quot; He moved down
  the hall for the back stairs off the kitchen. &quot;And like you, she is very
  sensitive.&quot; He shook his head at Torin's unspoken question. &quot;No,
  she is no Mage.&quot; 
 Torin followed, thinking about Azrael's words. Jenna, she was one of those
  that his new master claimed as his. For some reason Torin found the small,
  mousy girl's presence odd. She just didn't look like the type a vampire would
  claim. She was so ordinary. 
 Azrael, listening to his thoughts, didn't bother correcting him. Let the
  boy find out on his own how deceiving looks could be. Jenna, for all her mild
  and quiet ways was one of the strongest of his pets, when it came to devotion
  and love. &quot;Open the door, Tori.&quot; He waited. 
 The room was small, a bed and table its only decorations. &quot;How long
  do you think you will need to ascertain if you can help her or not?&quot; The
  girl cried out as he lay her on the bed. Her condition was getting worse. Her
  mind was literally closing in on itself. 
 &quot;I don't know, sir. A few minutes, if I can't help her.&quot; He ran
  a hand through his hair. &quot;If I can, however long it takes, or you will
  allow.&quot; 
 Azrael straightened, reaching to touch Torin's cheek. &quot;My word; if
  you can help her, I will grant you all the time you need. Or as much as I dare
  before you risk your own health.&quot; Such clear gray eyes, it had been long
  indeed since last he had looked into the eyes of a mortal that held such intensity. &quot;I
  will go and inform my house of what has transpired. Do what you must.&quot; 
 Again, Torin willingly accepted the kiss, totally giving as he had sworn. &quot;Thank
  you.&quot; 
 &quot;Your free acceptance is thanks enough. Now, go do what you feel you
  must, while I go and put my tribe at ease.&quot; 
 Torin looked down at the sleeping girl. &quot;So, Wendy, you finally tried
  your games on the wrong guy.&quot; He shook his head. He couldn't even give
  a valid reason for caring. He had detested her almost as much as she had hated
  him. She had tried to so hard, when he first started to work at their store,
  to snare him. And her interest turned to animosity when he refused to be used.
  It had been hell after that. 
 'Oh well, a life is a life'  . The power that he had
  worked so diligently to train rose at his call. Healing was new to him, but
  it seemed to come with such an ease. An ease that none of his other talents
  ever came close to. Kat had called him a healer, pure bred, more than once.
  So now he pitted his budding skills against his first true challenge. He had
  to know if he could heal Wendy. 
 * * * 
 All, talking, stopped. As Azrael, entered, the room. Jenna had done as he
  had asked, and now sat curled up in Michael's lap. &quot;There has been a change
  in plans.&quot; He held out a hand to his most fragile pet. 
 &quot;Who are they, Az?&quot; Jenna went to the safety of his arms, secure. 
 &quot;The girl was to be one of the new house slaves. As a covenstead, I
  need to have a few that can be used as food for those who come here. But, unfortunately,
  she was as weak willed, as she was vain and power-hungry. Her mind has collapsed.&quot; He
  cupped Jenna's chin. &quot;Stay away from the back room, dearest. It is not
  a pleasant sight.&quot; 
 &quot;Are you going to kill her?&quot; Morgan looked up from her puppy. 
 &quot;Yes, child, I am.&quot; This was the part that he hated. &quot;Forgive
  me, my darlings, I know how you hate to be reminded that I am not always as
  you see me. But it would be cruel beyond measure to let her live as she is,
  mindlessly locked in the hell of her own fears. Forget she is there. I will
  take care of it.&quot; 
 Morgan picked up the puppy and held her close. She had come to terms with
  the last deaths, and his abuse of Mark. But to know he was going to kill again.
  She loved him, with all her heart, but this frightened her. 
 &quot;What about the other one?&quot; Jenna had accepted the girl's impending
  doom calmly. She had learned early that death occasionally came in the guise
  of her Master. 
 Azrael looked to Michael. &quot;Megel, remember the boy at the pet store?
  The one that was so helpful?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, you had to make him forget certain things. Why?&quot; 
 &quot;Would you believe he is a Mage? A young one, still very early in his
  training, but gifted enough to see me. I had no choice. I needed to keep him
  silent. So I offered him death, or coming here and belonging to me. He is,
  at this moment, trying to heal the girl.&quot; 
 &quot;A Mage?&quot; David's voice was a whisper. &quot;I thought all the
  true Magi were gone, or replaced by the candy-coated mysticism that pervades
  all the paths for the living.&quot; 
 Azrael nodded. &quot;It does take a moment to fully believe, does it not?
  But he is a mage, a true one, and I have not only accepted him as a pet, but
  my apprentice as well.&quot; He eyes sought out David's. &quot;He has my word,
  that as long as he continues to behave in an acceptable fashion, that I will
  not take his will, with one exception. No one hurt him. So, if you must press
  a little during his taking, he is prepared and willing.&quot; 
 &quot;Understood.&quot; A mage, Azrael had found a mage. They were so rare,
  and he had one that would obey without question. 
 &quot;Wait.&quot; Joseph shook his head. &quot;Let me get this straight.
  You take off to buy Morgan a dog, next thing we know, Megel and the rest come
  home via the Dark Paths, so you can chase some bimbo.&quot; His face was a
  study in confusion. &quot;And now you're telling us that whoops, the girl just
  isn't up to our brand of reality so you brought home a mage instead. A mage,
  what the 'fuck'   is a Mage?&quot; 
 &quot;Cain!&quot; David was shocked at his Fledglings tirade, but no more
  so than by 
Azrael's dry chuckle. 
 &quot;Do not punish him, Vincent. The situation is absurd. He is at least
  still honest enough to admit when he is out of his realm.&quot; Then to Joseph, &quot;a
  mage is a magic user of old. They are born with gifts, one of, which enables
  them to manipulate the power of life to their will. This one is a boy, barely
  trained. But bright, by my own blood, his power is so bright.&quot; 
 &quot;And he had accepted this?&quot; Michael was envious. Magi were so
  rare, and most of the older Vampyr, he included, had come from them than from
  normal mortals. In days long gone, the Magi and the Vampyr were closely united. 
 &quot;Freely, no coercion at all. Nor will I use it so long as he chooses
  to obey with his eyes open.&quot; 
 &quot;And the girl, if he fails to heal her, what happens?&quot; David knew
  that Joseph was hungry. 
 &quot;Is yours.&quot; He looked around the room. &quot;Where is your First-Born?&quot; 
 &quot;Gone out to eat. She's very good at it. She never feeds too much from
  one mortal, and they never know.&quot; The pride in his voice was almost a
  tangible thing. 
 &quot;You have warned her about too many emotionless feeding?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. She still feeds from one of us every week or so.&quot; 
 Azrael was about to compliment him, when he felt the mageling's mental scream. &quot;Vincent,
  come.&quot; The two moved as one seeking the Dark Paths, to his rescue. Even
  as the boy slipped into the insanity that had trapped the girl. 
 * * * 
 The scene that greeted him was chilling. Wendy crouched, huddled in the
  corner, whimpering. Torin lay by the bed unconscious. &quot;Vincent, end it.&quot; He
  spared the girl no more than a glance as he gathered his mageling to him. 
 David moved slowly. &quot;Don't be afraid.&quot; He wondered if even his
  powers would make a dent in her terror. If she was as insane as Azrael had
  warned, she might be immune to him. &quot;Look at me. Let me take it away.&quot; 
 She whimpered as he gathered her close. &quot;It's all over now, dear,&quot; he
  whispered, pushing her head back. &quot;No more.&quot; 
 Azrael was thankful that Torin was a mage. The training he had received
  had enabled his mind to break free, sending him into unconsciousness instead
  of being trapped forever in the girl's horrors. A stab of guilt hit home as
  he wrapped his newest one in his power. He should have never left him alone
  with her. Torin, he pulled him back to consciousness. *Torin,
  child, wake up. *  
 Torin came awake with a cry. &quot;No, relax.&quot; Azrael held him as he
  struggled.&quot; It is over, ssshh, I have you.&quot; 
 &quot;Wendy,&quot; he tried to move. &quot;Please, she's. . . ..&quot; 
 &quot;Ssshh, Tori, it's over.&quot; 
 He looked at Azrael, not fully accepting his words. &quot;Vincent ended
  her pain.&quot; 
 Torin shuddered. He hadn't been able to help her. All he had accomplished
  was waking her, bringing her back into the hell she had been living in, and
  almost being trapped there with her. &quot;You, you were right. There was,
  I, I couldn't do anything to help her.&quot; 
 Azrael held him, letting him draw what comfort and security he could from
  his arms. &quot;I know, but you had to try. Had you not, you would have never
  accepted her death. Can you live with it now, knowing the pain she was in?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; He tried to pull away. &quot;Thank you for helping me.
  I, I'm all right now.&quot; 
 Azrael's arms tightened. &quot;Be still, Tori.&quot; The boy's movements
  stopped. &quot;Look at me, lift your hair out of the way. Give me your throat.&quot; His
  voice was soft, easy, and seductive. 
 &quot;Now?&quot; Here on the floor, a dead girl just a few feet away, &quot;please,
  Master, not here.&quot; He wanted to be away from the death. &quot;I--I'm not
  resisting. I just can't, not with her still here.&quot; 
 Azrael nodded. &quot;I understand, pet.&quot; He let him go so that they
  both could stand. &quot;Vincent, take Tori to my chamber. Stay with him. Do
  nothing until I return, but do not allow him to be alone.&quot; He brushed
  Torin's cheek with his fingers. &quot;You go with Vincent. He will hold you
  until I return. I am 'his'  Master as well. He will not
  harm you.&quot; 
 &quot;Uh, sure, boss.&quot; He looked at the other vampire, trying to remember
  what his normal name was. &quot;David, right?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Either name will do. Whatever is easiest for you.&quot; David
  smiled at Azrael. &quot;He'll be fine.&quot; 
 &quot;I know your Fledgling is hungry. Tell him I will be only a moment
  or two, then he can be fed.&quot; 
 &quot;Take all the time you need, Azrael. Cain has asked to wait until we
  retire to feed, he wants some of my time.&quot; He laid a hand on Torin's shoulder. &quot;We
  will be in your chamber.&quot; 
 Torin tried to keep calm as David walked him down the hall, but it wasn't
  easy. Wendy was dead. This man had killed her, had drunk her blood. And he
  would know the same fate very soon. Azrael's fangs were still in his mind's
  eye. He wondered what it would feel like. Would it hurt? How much would he
  take? Blood was a powerful tool. That was one of the first things he had been
  taught. That was why so many of the Dark Craft chose blood magic. It was so
  very powerful. 
 He felt the eyes on him as David led him into the room. &quot;This is our
  Master's chamber. It is here that he handles most of his nightly dealings.&quot; David
  led him slowly to the couch. &quot;This is Tori, he is Azrael's new mageling.
  Let's try not to overwhelm him, he's a little shocky.&quot; 
 Jason laughed. &quot;Yeah, first night, I bet he is.&quot; He grinned at
  Torin. &quot;Hi, I'm Jason. I saw you earlier.&quot; 
 &quot;Uh, hi.&quot; He tried not to freeze as David pulled him into his
  lap. &quot;I'm--my name is Torin, or it is now. He calls me Tori.&quot; 
 &quot;It's okay, boy.&quot; Michael felt for the boy. &quot;It really isn't
  as bad as it seems. You'll find living here to be much more pleasant than you
  guessed.&quot; 
 &quot;As long as he teaches me, I'd live in hell.&quot; The words were spoken
  in haste, but they were honest. If, he could be, taught, by one such as his
  new master. He would be willing to live any way he had to. 
 &quot;I don't think it will be quite that bad.&quot; Azrael returned, appearing
  before them. &quot;I'm known for being a bit of a taskmaster at times, but
  I've never been accused of abusing my students.&quot; 
 &quot;I--I didn't mean it that way.&quot; They could kill. He had seen it.
  He would have to be careful what he said until he could figure them all out. 
 Azrael snorted. &quot;Relax, Mageling. I am not looking for a reason to
  end our agreement. It will take more than a careless word or two for me to
  strip you of your will. Try speaking to me as you would your previous Master,
  I will change it to suit me as we go along. Now come, it is time you and I
  had a chance to get to know one another.&quot; 
 Torin looked at him, his fear momentarily overriding him. He stumbled as
  he stood, David reaching to keep him from falling. &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; He
  backed away. 
 &quot;Boy.&quot; Azrael's voice was soft. &quot;Tori, come here. Relax,
  you are in no danger. You have my word. Now do as I have said. Come here. There
  is unfinished business between us.&quot; 
 It was time. So far this night he had lost one teacher, his freedom and
  his life. He fought down his fear as he walked across the room, but now he
  would loose his soul. He knew it. He knew the power of blood. But the deal
  had been made. For his life and his craft he had traded, and now his new master
  would see that he paid in full. 
 &quot;What is this?&quot; Azrael chided softly as he helped his newest find
  a comfortable position in his lap. &quot;Is this the same person who struggled
  so against me earlier? Who was ready to talk his way out of his dilemma when
  he learned he could not fight? Where is the bright boy I so admired earlier?&quot; 
 &quot;Scared out of his mind.&quot; Again, complete honesty. If his new
  master wished to be spoken to as he had to Kat, then it was one comfort that
  he could hide in. 
 The room echoed with, many, voiced laughter. &quot;He's a mage, all right.&quot; Michael
  grinned at Azrael. &quot;If I doubted it before now, I have seen my proof.
  No one but a mage would dare speak the truth so bluntly.&quot; 
 &quot;I have told you, my pet. You have no reason to fear me. I accepted
  your oath. Can you not do the same with mine? Is it the pain you fear, you,
  one of the Magi?&quot; 
 Torin looked up at him. &quot;No, sir. Pain is of no importance. Pain I
  can live with.&quot; He looked down. &quot;It's,&quot; this was not easy. &quot;For
  the first time since Kat showed me how to focus, to define the strangeness
  that I felt--&quot; He looked up. Dark gray eyes bright with unshed tears. &quot;It's
  the not knowing, the unknown. You are something that I have no knowledge of
  or basis on which to start an understanding. I'm not afraid of death, or pain,
  or torment. These I have faced and overcome. It is what you are, what it means
  that frightens me.&quot; 
 Azrael nodded. This fear he could understand; forgive. The boy had not been
  taught of the things that did not belong in his world. &quot;I see.&quot; A
  gentle hand under his chin. &quot;Then we shall have to let you get to know
  what I am, so that you fear it no more. Lift your head, Torin; give me your
  throat. Let us mingle our blood so that you may know what it is you answer
  to now.&quot; 
 His body tensed as Azrael's fangs broke through the skin of his throat,
  cutting into the jugular. But the pain was short and quickly faded as his whole
  being became caught up in the wave of need that rose in him. His power rose,
  at Azrael's call. Linking with his greater force, until the two became one.
  As the boy held his new teacher, his master, his body was lost in pleasure
  so great it eclipsed all he had ever known. His soul and power, danced with
  that of his new lord's in a joyful rapture of ecstasy. Yes, this man was much, 'much'   more
  powerful that Torin had ever believed anyone could be. And he not only let
  him feel his power, but let him join with it, allowing the young mage to grasp
  for the first time what could be achieved. 
 Part of him, the silent watcher that lived within all mages was aware of
  all of this, and of the sound of his shirt as Azrael ripped it from him, so
  that his hands could heat the flesh. Of his own hands fighting to do the same.
  The silent part, the point of all power within him, was silent no more as the
  final barrier broke and there were no longer two, but one. 
 *Azrael! *   Michael fought to break through.
  The feeding was going on too long. 
 *Master! *   David added his strength to Michael's. *Please.
        You will kill him. *  
 Together they battered at his mind, screaming and pulling, until finally,
  he acknowledged them and drew back. *He is in no danger. I fed
  slowly, *  came his reassurances as the two pulled away, calming. 
 * * * 
 Torin fought to keep Azrael from pulling away. The separation was too soon.
  He did not wish to be alone again inside, not just yet. Never had a blending
  been so complete. Not once in all the time he had worked with Kat had their
  powers sung together as his did with his new master. And now, as the song ended
  and he was alone again within himself, his silent watcher longed for the music
  again. 
 &quot;The mages of today have indeed lost much of what they once were.&quot; Azrael's
  voice was soft as he held the boy in his arms. &quot;Much will you learn from
  me. Don't weep, little one, your power will sing with mine often. Now finish
  the link.&quot; 
 Unlike with the rest, he didn't use the knife, but instead bit his own wrist,
  drawing his blood into his mouth. He would feed his blood to the boy. He dared
  not lose himself again in the sweet glow of the life before him. It was too
  soon. The boy was not ready for the gift, and he was too caught up in the merging
  of power to allow him to drink from him without wanting to take him all the
  way. 
 This time there was only pleasure, intense, glorious pleasure, as Torin
  accepted the blood as well as the kiss, tongue seeking every trace, body burning
  with a passion of a like he had never experienced. 
 Four more times, Azrael drew blood and gave it to Torin. Four more times
  did he feed the boy's lust and want. Long had it been since anyone tempted
  him like this one did. Mages, oh Gods, but they were the finest of all pets,
  of all Chosen for Fledglings. And long had it been since he had had one of
  his own. &quot;No more, little one. You are mine now.&quot; 
 Michael watched on, his heart aching with the power of the love he felt
  for his Sire. This was what the ancient vampire needed. These adoring pets
  of his were sweet, and there was no doubt that he loved them. But, this, boy
  would be a brother one day. And Azrael needed a Fledgling again, one to devote
  all his attention to. 
 &quot;Vincent.&quot; Azrael broke eye contact with Torin. &quot;Take him,
  hold him. Megel, I need.&quot; He dared not pour his passion out on the boy
  now. He needed strength. He needed power. If he took the boy now, he would
  crush him under his want. 
 &quot;No!&quot; Torin fought as David pulled him away from Azrael. &quot;Master?&quot; 
 &quot;Silence.&quot; Michael grabbed his arm. &quot;He's not rejecting you
  boy, but neither can he take you now. He could kill you in the heat. Go with
  Vincent. He will hold you. Let me give my Sire what he needs. Soon enough,
  he'll be back for you.&quot; Then his voice softened. &quot;The power is strong
  after it mingles with another. He is a vampire. Our emotions, our desires,
  burn within us with a heat no mortal could stand if forced to bear it fully.
  Go on boy, seek out Vincent, take what comfort you can from one who does not
  crave you. Soon enough your master will have you. What is another hour?&quot; 
 Torin stopped struggling and allowed David to lead him back to the couch,
  pulling the tattered remains of his shirt from him. &quot;It's okay,&quot; David
  whispered softly as Michael followed Azrael from the room, putting space between
  the two. &quot;I swear it is. You've pleased my master greatly. Anyone who
  does so is in no danger from me.&quot; 
 Jason watched as David held him, rocking slowly. &quot;Maybe I ought to
  talk to him,&quot; he whispered to Amber. 
 &quot;Yes, Azrael had to do something similar for Megel when he lost himself
  in you, but no one can stop him. You would be better able to explain.&quot; 
 Jason sat beside David. &quot;Master, may I speak to him? Maybe I can explain
  things, so that he understands.&quot; 
 David looked at the young mortal. &quot;Tori, look up, Jason wants to talk
  to you.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; The pained-filled eyes turned to him. 
 &quot;Listen to me, it's not what you think. Azrael had to keep Michael
  from killing me a couple of times at the beginning. You've got to understand.
  You're kind of like me, but in a different way, if I understand it. I love
  Michael; I was the first human to love him. It hit him real hard. Love is a
  very strong emotion for them. He tried to devour me because of it. He wanted
  my love so bad; it blew his control to shit. Well, from what Michael tells
  me, Azrael hasn't dealt with another mage as a pet, or, Chosen if I read this
  right, for over four hundred years. That's a long time for anyone to keep part
  of themselves locked up inside. Now he has you and, believe me he likes it.
  He doesn't want to go too far. What good would it do him if he ended up making
  you a Capri Sun, (TM) just so he could fully merge with you? Afterwards he'd
  be alone again, and you'd be dead. So he's gone with Michael to get his head
  on straight, that's all. Don't take it as a rejection. He's not. He just can't
  do what he wants right now, and he needs time to get it clear in his head.&quot; 
 &quot;Listen to him.&quot; David breathed a little freer. Jason had explained
  it perfectly and saved him from having to struggle over an explanation. &quot;He's
  telling the truth. Right now, you're like a drug for him, a potent one, and
  he needs to remind himself that too much of you would only end up hurting him.&quot; 
 Torin nodded. The awareness he had of his Master now made understanding
  this easier. No, he was not being cast off; nor was this a rejection. Azrael
  had had to pull away or he would have killed him. &quot;I understand.&quot; 
 &quot;Good. You'll see, he'll be back soon enough and he'll show you.&quot; Jason
  patted his shoulder. &quot;Just curl up here and rest. You're gonna need it.&quot; 
 &quot;Thanks.&quot; The hand that grasped his was firm. The blue eyes that
  seemed to smile back at him were open and honest. Michael had been right. Living
  here was not going to be as hard as he feared. He'd learn to read them and
  how to make the most of his new life. 
 &quot;Hey, you're family now,&quot; was the only thing Jason said as he
  squeezed Torin's hand once more before winking at David. &quot;Later.&quot; 
 Maria came over with a glass of water. &quot;Hello, I'm Maria. We share
  the same Master. He fed from you a bit more than normal, so you're going to
  need to drink a lot of water.&quot; She handed him the glass. 
 'Yes'  , he was thirsty. &quot;Thank you.&quot; 
 &quot;No problem dear. Now you know me, so let me introduce you to the rest
  of his menagerie.&quot; She turned pointing to the short, mousy, elfin-looking
  girl. &quot;That's Jenna. He went through something similar with her at the
  beginning. We were afraid he'd go mad trying to keep from taking her too far.
  She gave him everything. And the black girl beside her is Valerie. You've met
  Morgan, and the fellow who is holding her is Mark. See you're not the only
  boy he has. You and he should become friends. With all the females he has,
  you'll need each other.&quot; 
 &quot;So I make number six. Low man on the totem pole, hu?&quot; He nodded
  to each one. 
 &quot;Not at all. I'm first. After that everyone is equal. There will be
  no jostling for position here. He'd not stand for it. Now, have you been introduced
  to everyone else?&quot; 
 He looked around. &quot;Sort of. He told me about everyone on the way here.
  I can tell which are vampires. And if that is Jason, then she must be Amber,
  Michael's other human, right?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. I'm Amber. I used to belong to Azrael, but when Megel talked
  to your Master and he decided to take Morgan, he gave me to my master. He feels
  that with my personality, I'd be happier with Megel than with him.&quot; She
  smiled at Jason, leaning on him. &quot;It hurt, and still does a little. But
  I'm beginning to believe he was right.&quot; 
 David motioned for Aaron and Billy to come close. &quot;You know me. Anna
  is not here right now, but the one over, there; trying to figure out my last
  chess move is Joseph. His Kin name is Cain.&quot; Joseph looked up and winked. &quot;This
  is Aaron and Billy. They're mine.&quot; 
 &quot;Hi.&quot; They all lived here, and they all were, if he could trust
  what he was feeling happy. Then he looked at Billy, there was, something, wrong
  with him. 
 &quot;Billy is a little slow. He'd been through a real rough time before
  he came to me. And I wasn't myself then, and well, by the time I bonded with
  him, his mind wasn't quite up to it. The blood helped to save him from going
  completely mad, like the girl. But it left him wounded. Be careful around him,
  and watch what you say. He doesn't understand a whole lot of the higher concepts
  and can be hurt easily by a careless word.&quot; 
 &quot;Azrael can't help him?&quot; He found it hard to believe that his
  new Master couldn't do everything. 
 &quot;No. His mind is healed, or as healed as it's going to get. So we all
  protect him. Don't worry about it. He is fine. I will keep away all that could
  hurt him. He's happy. He smiled down at the boy. &quot;Aren't you, baby?&quot; 
 &quot;Is Anna gonna want me tonight?&quot; He blushed. 
 &quot;No, I think you're sleeping with Joey and I. Anna has already claimed
  Aaron for the night.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh,&quot; he beamed, &quot;okay.&quot; 
 Torin watched him. The kid might not be a mental giant, but David was right,
  he was happy. They all were. There were some slight undertones of pain, but
  much less than what he usually felt in a crowd of people this size. It was
  like they all had found their place and lived to fill it. The last of the tension
  left his body as he smiled at all of them, letting David pull him back to rest
  against him. &quot;Uh, Cain, have you fed yet?&quot; 
 &quot;No, but that's okay. I'll jump my master later tonight.&quot; Joseph
  made a snickering sound as he moved a piece. &quot;There Davy, figure that
  one out.&quot; He bounded over, throwing himself on the floor at David's feet. 
 &quot;Later, Joey, right now I have to comfort this one. He's new, and we're
  all a terrible shock to him.&quot; His arms tightened around Torin. &quot;You're
  a virgin, aren't you?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; He refused to get tense. If this were, what was meant to
  happen, he'd live through it. 
 &quot;Too bad. I can't give you anything to fully take your mind off of
  things, but if you'd like, I'd love to at least begin.&quot; A hand on the
  fastenings of his slacks, &quot;if you'd rather not, I understand. But I won't
  hurt you, and Azrael won't be mad. Let me comfort you my way, Tori.&quot; 
 David was a vampire. Torin's rational worked. He had been warned that this
  would happen, and that he was expected not only to allow it, but also to participate.
  So be it. 
 Torin moved his arms slowly, letting them encircle David as he turned. &quot;My
  oath.&quot; He whispered. 
 &quot;Oh no, little brother, not this time. You oath belongs to our master.
  I offer nothing more than friendship and comfort.&quot; No vampire alive would
  have thrown this one to death. Even now, the boy was trying so hard to live
  up to what was expected of him. The power in him burned, and as his mouth locked
  with David's and his hip's rose to allow Joseph to help undress him, David
  could feel its glow warm him. &quot;Will you join me in friendship? No oaths,
  no threats, just two who are bound together in a common bond of brotherhood.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; Gods, he'd been horny before, but nothing that he had ever
  lived through prepared him for the case of blue balls he had now. And even
  though it was Azrael who had left him in this state, he'd let David ease it.
  If he didn't, he'd probably explode. 
 David chuckled at his aggressiveness. &quot;Azrael didn't warn you of this
  little side effect of feeding, did he?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; His breath caught in his throat. As suddenly a wet, cool
  mouth took him. He looked down to discover Joseph. &quot;Man--oh shit--&quot; This
  was too much. &quot;Gotta remember to thank him.&quot; 
 No more words were spoken between the three, as Torin found himself lost
  in a haze of hands and mouths, and a need that burned, but would not be released. 
 * * * 
 The bed sagged, under the weight, as Michael pushed his Sire, friend, and
  lover, onto it. Feeding the hunger easing his needs. &quot;Go on, Master.&quot; He
  pulled Azrael's mouth to his throat. &quot;Go on.&quot; 
 * * * 
 Torin was half mad with a burning need, but no matter how much he wanted
  it, or how hard his two new 'friends'   tried, he was
  caught just on the verge of release. Pleasure turned to pain as overtaxed nerves
  screamed. His moans began to change to whimpers, then to cries and he tried
  to push Joseph away. 
 &quot;Stop.&quot; David caught his hands. &quot;Relax, see Joey stopped.
  Ssshh.&quot; Poor boy, Azrael had started this, and it seemed only he could
  end it. Damn but the kid had to hurt. He had never seen anyone so drawn out. 
 Torin wanted to scream. It was so close. Release teased him, taunted him
  with the promise of pleasure so great that it would transform his life. But
  he couldn't reach it, no matter how he tried. &quot;No,&quot; he cried as his
  body burned. &quot;Please--Gods, I gotta--I can't&quot; 
 &quot;What's wrong with him?&quot; Joseph was worried. He hadn't meant to
  hurt the boy, only to join his master in a moment of play. &quot;Vincent?&quot; 
 &quot;It's going to be all right. Don't be afraid, either of you. It would
  seem that when our master locked power with the boy, he locked him in a cycle
  that only he can end. I know it has to be hell, but all we can do is wait.
  Soon enough he will return, and I'm sure once he does, this will end.&quot; He
  lifted Torin's tearstained face. &quot;Later, I promise, I'll see our play
  through. I just can't help you this time.&quot; 
 &quot;I can't take this.&quot; Torin reached for himself; he had to bring
  himself off. If he stayed like this, he'd go nuts. But the very touch of his
  hand sent pain shooting through his body. &quot;Oh, damn.&quot; 
 &quot;Don't.&quot; Again, David restrained him. &quot;You'll only hurt yourself
  more.&quot; He held him down, trying his best to restrain his Master's new
  pet, without hurting him any more. *Master. *   His
  mind sought Azrael's, to see how soon he would be returning. 
 *Now is not the best time, Vincent. *   The
  touch that came to him was heavily laced with pleasure and lust. 
 *My apologies, to both you and Megel, but if you've gotten
        control over yourself again, I must tell you that you have a pet in great
        need of his master. *  
 *Have Maria take care of him, if he is too shy for you. I am.
        . . ., *   He lost the thought for a moment. *Busy.
        *  
 *Azrael, *  David knew he was pushing his luck,
  but the boy was in pain. *He can't, though the Gods as our witnesses,
  both Cain and I have tried. The boy has lain here, in my arms for the last
  hour or more, and is drawn so tight. I am surprised he's not leaking blood
  from the pores of his manhood. *  He shifted Torin so he could
  hold him better. The boy lay against him, moaning in pain. *Master,
  I would never dream of arguing with you, but your word that he was not to feel
  pain is now being proven false. *  
 There was silence for a moment David beginning to fear that he had angered
  the Elder. *Take him. *   The response was quick. *Forge
  a bond with him, he will then be able to. You are no mage. It will not do to
  you what it has done to me. Tell him that I am sorry. I will make it up to
  him, but if I touch him now, like this, he would either die, or join us. *  
 *Vincent, *   it was Michael's deep calming
  essence that flowed over him. *Let the boy know that his master
  is suffering now. And until I finish ending his plight he would be no help
  to him. You are in Azrael's service; your Master is incapacitated at the moment.
  Take the lead. We will be back when and only when, I have my Sire at peace.
  *  
 David blinked as they broke contact. &quot;Torin, Tori, look at me.&quot; He
  sat him up, trying to get him to sit on his own. &quot;I spoke to Azrael. It
  is too soon for him. He too is in pain, and if he comes to you now, you would
  be mortal no longer. For there are only two paths leading from him at the present.
  One is death, and the other the gift.&quot; He smiled gently, trying hard not
  to show his fangs. &quot;My compliments. You have indeed inflamed our Master.
  But he would not have you suffer. His word was you would feel no pain. So now
  I ask you, can I blood bond with you? It will temporarily over-ride your bonding
  with Azrael. I can help you. It was his suggestion. But along with his word
  of no pain was his promise of no coercion. You must be willing to have me.&quot; 
 &quot;But,&quot; He didn't want to break his tie with Azrael. It hurt, but
  the pain was nothing compared to the joy of the power he had felt. 
 &quot;Your tie with him will be reset. A blood bond with me will last no
  longer than it takes him to regain control.&quot; He motioned with a hand to
  Torin's painful erection. &quot;Remember, pain was not part of your agreement.
  At least, not, this kind of pain, if I don't help you, well, Elders can be
  funny about some things. Do you really want him to go about feeling guilty
  for the pain he caused you for the next fifty years?&quot; 
 &quot;It won't?&quot; God, but he wanted this to end. But he had sworn,
  given his word. He had already suffered the loss of one tie. One teacher thought
  him dead so that he would not be forsworn. 
 &quot;No.&quot; Torin moaned. &quot;Please, I can't.&quot; *Master,
        forgive me, I can't. *  
 *Damnation. *   Azrael's mind was torn between
  pleasure and pain as he reached out to touch Torin. *Go ahead,
  Mageling. Vincent will not hurt you, and at the moment, you are far safer with
  him than with me. *  
 He had lost one; he would not lose another, even if it were only for a moment. *Take
        me. I will be like you. *  
 There was silence as Azrael pulled away from the boy. The child couldn't
  mean to offer himself. It was the pain between them that called for this. The
  ancient vampire knew it, even if the youngster didn't. He would not give the
  gift like this. Too many times had he heard of others making this mistake and
  the grief that followed. The boy's pain and his desperation were like cold
  water to him. The control he had lost so briefly cam slamming back into him
  as he refused the child's plea. *I come. * 
CHAPTER 16  
 Torin almost flew from David's arms as Azrael, naked and still glowing appeared
  before him. &quot;Ssshh, Tori, it will be all right.&quot; He gathered the
  boy to him, hushing his cries of pain. &quot;I will end this, I will see you
  through.&quot;  
 &quot;Here.&quot; He pulled his dark blond hair from his throat. &quot;Now-please,
  Master--Gods, do it.&quot;  
 Azrael led him to the bed in the corner, turning away from everyone. &quot;No,
  little one, one day, when you are ready, I will make you my Fledgling. But
  not now, not like this.&quot; The boy's pain was heart breaking, poor child. &quot;Relax,
  precious. I will see your pain put to an end. Never again will you feel this,  
I promise.&quot;  
 He screamed as the pain broke from him, Azrael holding him down, hands gentle
  as they gave him the end that he had begun to believe would never be his. The
  waves of it shook his body, as they rolled through him in a long, powerfully
  intense tide.  
 &quot;Ssshh, I know.&quot; There was nothing Azrael could do to lessen this.
  It was more than just a physical need. Power flowed from his pet as well. The
  child had indeed been in dire straits, but slowly, and with a gentleness that
  he was not aware he had, he helped to ground the mage, and set his loyalties
  for life.  
 Every nerve in Torin's body ached as he lay with Azrael. It felt like he
  had been working in circle for days. Now as he lay, quiet and grounded again,
  he realized where the problem had stemmed. When he had merged his power with
  his master's, he had taken a charge. The greatest charge he had ever been faced
  with. He was surprised he wasn't shocky or his channels burned because of it. &quot;I
  don't understand.&quot; He looked up at Azrael, absolute trust in his eyes. &quot;If
  I had that kind of charge, sex is a grounding, why couldn't--&quot;  
 &quot;Because neither Vincent nor Cain are magi, Tori. How could they tap
  and direct the power? They have no concept of what it is. Had you been farther
  along in your training, you would have been able to direct it yourself, but
  there was too much.&quot; The boy felt good beside him. Soon he would make
  love to his little mageling. Hear him cry with pleasure, not pain. &quot;I
  will make certain from here on that you never walk away from me with more than
  you can handle again.&quot;  
 Torin reached up, capturing Azrael's face between his hands, mouth open
  as it covered his. The desire was still there, power too, but this time it
  would be a blending and grounding, one of pleasure and of joy. He chuckled
  as Torin's tongue played with his fangs, and his hand found his hair. For now,
  to the boy, he was not just a man, but his master, his teacher, the one who
  held his life, and he was paying homage to that power.  
 Torin felt the hardness against his hip as he moved closer, pressing against
  Azrael. His master had told the truth. He would learn great things from him,
  and in return he would give him anything that he desired. And for the moment,
  he knew his master desired this. The hunger in his kisses told him this, the
  hands on his body and the hardness that pressed urgently against, him spoke
  of its truth. His life was safe, his mind his own, and the promise of power
  was being realized. So he returned each kiss, moaned under the fingers that
  heated his skin, and gave, himself, over freely. Never would his master doubt
  his devotion.  
 The feel of Torin's teeth on his throat was erotically stimulating. It was
  as if the boy realized that strength was welcomed here. The pressure that Azrael
  found so pleasing would have drawn blood and pain from a mortal. There would
  be no shyness from him, no timid advances. He had given himself to this and
  would see it through. But for all the strength and abandon of Torin's play,
  Azrael's touch was gentle. Later would be time for testing limits. For now,
  the boy had suffered enough for one night. Let him feel only pleasure.  
 &quot;Oh, damn.&quot; Torin's body shuddered as Azrael pinned him to the
  bed, taking his time to return the advances. &quot;Christ, that feels good.&quot;  
 Azrael's soft chuckle blew air against the side of his face, as his mouth
  left a trail of small passion marks along the line of his throat. &quot;I will
  take that comment as assurance that I am not going too fast for you.&quot;  
 &quot;Fast?&quot; He focused on Azrael's words, which was by no means easy. &quot;No,
  not at all.&quot; His breath caught in his throat as the mouth that had felt
  so good on his neck began to move downward, over his chest. &quot;Please.&quot; His
  voice desperate as a cool, wet tongue stabbed at a nipple, sending tiny pulses
  of electrical pleasure through his body, before the mouth that teased closed
  over the nipple and bit and sucked with careless passion.  
 The boy was so physical, so unbelievably responsive. Azrael promised himself,
  as he continued down his young lover's body, that he would see this natural
  responsiveness nourished and trained. This boy was to be his next Childe, both
  him and Morgan, and as such would need to be thoroughly versed in all the delights
  he reveled in.  
 Pleasure, mind-numbing pleasure, shot through Torin's loins as his master's
  skillful mouth and tongue began to tease him. And like earlier, it was heaven,
  but unlike the first, there was no fear this time, no withholding of release.
  His voice announced to all the room his ecstasy as his orgasm blazed through
  his balls and out the head of his member in a painful explosion.  
 He could taste himself, his semen, on Azrael's lips and tongue as his master
  moved up to kiss him. &quot;Are you ready for me, pet?&quot;  
 There was no shyness, no hint of reservation in his response as he lay there,
  his fingers tracing the outline of Azrael's mouth. &quot;Yes.&quot;  
 Azrael turned his head slightly, catching one of Torin's fingers between
  his lips, drawing it completely into his mouth as his hips pressed down, grinding
  against Torin's pelvis. &quot;Close your eyes and rest for a moment. I must
  go. There is something I need for you. Relax,&quot; he laughed, as Torin threw
  his arms around him, holding tightly. &quot;It will only take a moment.&quot; He
  bent and kissed him deeply, before pulling away.  
 &quot;Okay, boss, I'll be here.&quot; He lay watching him move away. 'I'm
      going all the way with this. He'll come back, and there will be no stopping
      it'  , he thought to himself, pleased to find that the thought
      of his new master taking him like this did not frighten him. If anything,
      he was happy to do something that would please him. And yes, it probably
      would hurt a little, but he would live with it. After all, guys do this
      all the time, so he knew it wouldn't hurt too many times. Hell, if the
      last hour, was any indication, he'd probably learn to love it.  
 He watched as Azrael stopped to speak softly with David, smiling down at
  Joseph who lay curled up in his lap. There was a weird form of peace here,
  and it all centered on this man. Azrael ruled his house well, and all within
  in it were at peace.  
 Joseph rose and came towards him as Azrael left the room. &quot;Feel better
  now?&quot; He threw himself on the bed beside Torin. &quot;Azrael asked if
  I'd like to join the two of you. I still owe you the finish of what we started
  earlier.&quot;  
 Kat was right, Torin thought to himself as he welcomed Joseph into his arms
  and returned his kisses. 'All humans are inherently bisexual'  .
  Had someone told him this morning how his day would end, he would have thought
  them nuts. Him, even a 'little'   gay, but maybe he should
  have listened to his old teacher more when she tried to explain that sexuality
  and magic were not only compatible, but that the gender of your working partner
  meant little to nothing.  
 &quot;I see you wasted no time.&quot; Azrael returned, sitting on the edge
  of the bed, watching the two, play.  
 &quot;Did you get what you went after?&quot; Torin moved, pulling Joseph
  with him, making room for his master.  
 &quot;Yes.&quot; He laid a small brown jar and a wet cloth on the table
  beside the bed. &quot;Do you need more time, pet? I would greatly love to have
  you under me, but if you need more time, I will be patient.&quot;  
 Torin shook his head, pulling away from Joseph to reach for Azrael. &quot;I'm
  ready.&quot;  
 &quot;Then look at me. Let me command your mind on this alone. I'd rather
  you feel pleasure than pain.&quot;  
 Torin almost refused him. He'd like to think he was man enough to face it.
  But he didn't. That kind of thinking was stupid. If Azrael could keep it from
  hurting, then why suffer? He was quite certain that there would be pain enough
  in his lessons to suffice. He lifted his eyes to Azrael's, letting his master
  see the trust there.  
 *There will be no pain. As long as it is for pleasure, that
        is all you will feel. I promise you. The slight discomfort you may still
        experience will be easily washed away by the joy. *   
 &quot;I believe you,&quot; his voice soft as he felt himself being pulled
  back into the security of his master's arms. The force that weighed on his
  mind was gentle, but he knew that his master could never force his mind or
  him without him knowing it. &quot;I trust you.&quot;  
 Joseph joined Azrael in making love to Torin, pressing against the younger
  man's body as Azrael turned him. &quot;Kid,&quot; Joseph bit at his neck playfully
  before capturing his lips, &quot;you are going to love this.&quot;  
 Torin allowed Azrael to manipulate his body into the position that his master
  desired. Feeling the press of Azrael's chest as he leaned back on his knees,
  Joseph being ever so helpful in holding him there, his mouth beginning to blaze
  a shockingly cool, immensely pleasurable trail down his body.  
 Azrael reached for the little brown jar. &quot;I'm going to touch you now,
  Tori. Relax, lover, I will be gentle.&quot; His hands parted the trembling
  virgin cheeks. &quot;Deep breath--&quot;a single cream-slick finger rub slowly
  against Torin's virgin bud. Slowly soothing away the tension. Before the finger
  began the easy and slow entry, past the tightness of his muscle. &quot;Relax
  Tori, it's only my finger. I have done this many times, you are safe,&quot; he
  whispered softly, as his hand began to move slowly. &quot;You have impressed
  Vincent. He asked about you.&quot; He felt Torin shudder as he teased him,
  allowing him to get used to something inside him.  
 &quot;Yeah, he's a nice guy.&quot; He was so tense. Between the feelings
  that Joseph was giving him as he blew him and the new, strangely pleasant feeling
  of Azrael's finger as it thrust inward, he had, trouble remembering to breathe.  
 &quot;Yes,&quot; a second finger joined the first. &quot;Relax, Tori,&quot; his
  voice soft in his pet's ear, breath heating his skin as Tori moaned. &quot;I
  had to explain to Cain why he failed with you." The slow gently thrusts of
  Azrael's fingers began to take an ever darker sweet pleasure as his fingers
  began to stroke the sensitive gland within Torin's body. "Poor boy thought
  he had done something to cause you pain. Is it painful, Tori, are you ready
  for me now?&quot;  
 &quot;He--it--&quot; thinking, was becoming hard. This felt so good, and
  as Joseph moved to take all of him deep into the tight, wet, cave of his mouth
  he cried out, hips thrusting up. &quot;Damn--yeah, now-- I need . . .&quot;  
 Azrael quickly pulled away to coat his own hard maleness with cream. &quot;Relax,
  love, let me make love to you, now. It is time that I make you completely mine.
  Surrender to me my beautiful angel, join me in this.&quot; He could feel Torin
  tense just a little as he parted his cheeks, pressing forward slowly. &quot;Deep
  breath, Tori, relax, you must relax.&quot; He thrust deep, breaching the virginal
  barrier with one quick motion.  
 Torin cried out, caught between the glorious feelings Joseph was giving
  him and the strange, darker pleasures that filled him as he felt his master
  enter him. &quot;Jesus!&quot; He sobbed, amazed at the combined feelings.  
 Azrael laughed. &quot;Is a god of celibacy. Why on earth are you calling
  Him, now?&quot; He pulled back slowly, before thrusting again, filling Torin. &quot;You
  are so tight. I am going to lose myself in you.&quot;  
 Torin cried with each thrust. It was the closest thing to a religious experience
  that he had ever had, as each slow thrust stoked his prostate and he loved
  it. The slight burning that had been present at first quickly faded under the
  pressure of the erotic sensations that brought him crashing down into one orgasm
  after the other, hips rocking back and forth between Joseph's greedy mouth
  and Azrael's hardness. His life was complete now. He was sealed to his master,
  wed to him in a strange rite of passage. His voice rose once more, blending
  with Azrael's as again he reached the final pinnacle.  
 Azrael listened to Torin's cries become a little incoherent as he began
  to feed the passion between them, adding power to the long thrusts that rocked
  Torin's body with their force. &quot;Lean forward.&quot; Breath ragged, he
  needed to release himself into this boy. &quot;Take Cain into you, share the
  pleasure he has  
given.&quot;  
 'Yes'  . He blindly, instinctively, leaned forward,
  feeling the body under his, touching Joseph's stiff rod before lowering his
  mouth. Nothing other than the man behind and the man beneath mattered now.
  This for the moment was his world. And as Azrael's thrusts forced his hips
  down, and his organ deeper into the willing mouth that suckled it, he gladly
  imitated it.  
 Afterwards he lay between the two vampires, sated but confused. &quot;Ah,
  my fine Mageling, that was sweet.&quot; Azrael slowly withdrew, pulling Torin
  up so that Joseph could rise to join them. &quot;Was it as I promised?&quot; He
  couldn't stop touching the boy. Even after such a glorious fulfillment, he
  still hungered. &quot;I fear I have become enamored with you.&quot;  
 Words were impossible as Azrael lay him back, his mouth and hand roaming
  his body, drawing out whimpered moans, proving to Torin with actions that the
  night was far from over. The things he would do to this boy, the pleasures
  he would grace him with. &quot;Rest for a moment.&quot; His mouth; brutally,
  demanding, for the first time. &quot;Cain, go return to your master, there
  will be time for the two of you to play later.&quot; He moved to pull away,
  but the hand on his arm refused to release him. &quot;Pet?&quot;  
 &quot;Don't go yet, just a minute more.&quot; His dark gray eyes so full
  of confusion, his emotions jumbled.  
 &quot;Ssshh,&quot; Azrael whispered, fingers curling around his chin. &quot;Child,
  I'm not going anywhere, and neither are you. You are mine, and you will be
  mine until the day you die.&quot;  
 &quot;Take me.&quot; Torin tried to turn his head. &quot;Now, please.&quot;  
 Azrael looked at him, holding his head in place. He could, he could take
  the boy right now, and gladly. What a fine Fledgling he would be. But no, it
  was too soon. The boy was merely stunned by the power. He would grow to regret
  any hasty action. &quot;No, Torin, not now. One day I promise. You will be
  mine, I will grant you that final step, the gift. But you must wait for that
  day.&quot;  
 &quot;Why?&quot; What was wrong? He knew Azrael wanted to. Why wouldn't
  he do it? What was holding him back?  
 &quot;It is too soon.&quot;  
 &quot;But, why?&quot; Again he tried to turn his head, but Azrael's fingers
  held him still. &quot;Haven't I proven I'll keep faith? What's wrong, what
  am I doing that I shouldn't? Or am I not doing something I should?&quot; He
  looked at Azrael, eyes pleading. &quot;Why not now?&quot;  
 Azrael pulled away, standing over him. &quot;You have done nothing wrong.
  Your offer is sweet. But I say no. And I will not be questioned.&quot; Then
  his voice softened. &quot;You have only just come to me, Tori. Give it time.
  The Vampyr are careful in our breeding. It is how we have lived so long. Too
  many times have Fledglings been made in the heat of the moment, and all too
  often they regret it, becoming bitter, pained souls, looking for peace and
  finding it not.&quot; He reached for the cloth on the table, cleaning the traces
  of their lovemaking from himself. &quot;Live your life, enjoy what is left
  of mortality for you. It would not matter if I gave it to you now, or in a
  hundred years. If you truly wish it, it will be yours.&quot; He lifted a finger
  to touch Torin's lips, silencing protest. &quot;Think about what I have said
  little one, and mention it to me no more this night.&quot;  
 Torin bowed his head. &quot;Yes, Master.&quot; He would have his wish. One
  day, Azrael would make him like he was. He would have to be content to wait
  for that day. Well, waiting was half a mage's life. He should be used to it
  by now.  
 Azrael tossed the cloth on the table and reached for him. &quot;Come, let
  us join the rest. The night is still very young, and I would enjoy watching
  the others as they play.&quot;0  
 * * *  
 &quot;There he is, Billy, ask him yourself.&quot; David pointed to Azrael
  as he and Torin approached them. &quot;Master, my pet wishes a word with you
  if you will hear him.&quot;  
 &quot;Do not be silly, of course he can speak to me. They all can.&quot; He
  turned to Torin. &quot;Sit down, pet, I will be with you in a moment.&quot;  
 Billy watched as the Elder vampire took his seat. &quot;Master?&quot; His
  dark eyes were shy.  
 &quot;Come here, pet. Do not be afraid, I world never hurt you.&quot; He
  held out a hand, gently pulling the boy into his lap. &quot;What is it, sweetheart?&quot;  
 &quot;Davy say's you're why everything is so nice now. That you took us
  in and made all the bad stuff go away.&quot; The look in the boy's eyes was
  pure worship. &quot;You even made Mark be nice.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, I took your master under my wing. And yes, Mark is one of you
  now.&quot;  
 &quot;Thank you.&quot; He bit his lower lip. &quot;I--nobody is sad anymore,
  nobody cries. He says no one will ever hurt us, that I'll never have to be
  afraid again.&quot;  
 Azrael pulled the boy against him, arms wrapping protectively around him. &quot;That
  is correct. If anyone ever hurts you, and Vincent is unable to make them pay
  for their crime, I will. You are under my protection, because your master belongs
  to me.&quot;  
 &quot;And I can love and be loved by anyone here. That I can curl up with
  anyone.&quot; He looked down blushing. &quot;Even you.&quot;  
 Azrael laughed. It was just too charming. &quot;Billy, are you asking me
  to make love to you? Is that why you are in my lap?&quot; The boy nodded, blushing
  even more. &quot;I am touched, precious, I would like nothing more than to
  hold you.&quot; Azrael looked at David. &quot;Do you mind, Vincent? Your pet
  here has asked so sweetly I find I am unable to refuse such a darling request.&quot;  
 David nodded smiling. &quot;Tori can come and sit with me. He knows I won't
  bite him.&quot;  
 Michael looked up from Jason. &quot;Vincent, if it is all the same to you,
  would you hold Jason? I would like some time with the boy.&quot;  
 &quot;One warm body is as good as the next when they're not mine. Sure,
  Joey tells me he's a darling.&quot;  
 Azrael looked at Torin. &quot;Go on, pet, go be with Megel. He is not only
  my First-Born, but a mage as well. I am sure you will find your time with him
  to be wonderful. Show the same willingness as you showed me, and I promise,
  you will be well rewarded.&quot; He smiled as the mageling nodded.  
 &quot;Go on, Jay, go beg David to have you. Submit to him and let him take
  what he will.&quot; Michael winked down at him. &quot;Have fun, baby.&quot;  
 Azrael smiled at Billy, a warm and loving smile. &quot;Make love to me.&quot; Billy's
  world was simple, now. love and being loved. It was one of the few things he
  understood. He was loved, and he was safe, and never again would anyone treat
  him like his stepfather had treated him. &quot;I--I don't even mind that it
  hurts a little, at the beginning. It feels good in a funny way.&quot;  
 Azrael lifted him and carried him to the bed in the corner. &quot;I will
  make love to you completely, precious. Relax.&quot; And he began to help the
  boy disrobe.  
 * * *  
 David was surprised at the wantonness of Michael's pet. Even Mark's kisses
  had been submissive. Jason's was one of hunger and demand. &quot;Master,&quot; he
  licked at his throat, hands reaching to stroke his chest, &quot;may I blow
  you?&quot;  
 &quot;Not yet.&quot; He kissed him once more. &quot;Your master ordered
  you to submit to me, pet. Now, on your knees, beg me to relieve my passions
  on your body, to punish you for failing to obey your master.&quot;  
 Jason wasn't afraid, how could he be, he loved this. &quot;Forgive me, Master.&quot; He
  dropped to the floor. His hands clasped behind his back. &quot;Will you accept
  my submission, Master? Will you have me? I was wrong for failing to obey, will
  you punish me for it?&quot;  
 David removed his belt from his pants, which lay with his shirt on the floor. &quot;You
  have a choice, pet.&quot; His voice was soft. &quot;Twenty lashes on your back
  and ass, ten on your balls. Which one will it be? If you choose the first,
  not only will I punish you with the belt, but I will rape you as well. If you
  are brave, and truly remorseful for your crimes, you will accept the ten and
  I will make love to you.&quot;  
 Jason moaned softly. &quot;I--I will do it Master, if you want, I'll accept
  both, I was wrong.&quot; His manhood throbbed with painful want. &quot;But
  please, make love to me first. I'll suffer anything you want, please.&quot; He
  looked up at David. &quot;I need to so bad, Master, it hurts.&quot;  
 David dropped to his knees, reaching for him. &quot;Turn around, Jason.
  I will help you.&quot;  
 * * *  
 Anna returned, amused by the goings-on in the Elder's home. &quot;Hi,&quot; she
  smiled down at Michael. &quot;And who is this?&quot; She nodded at Torin, in
  his arms.  
 &quot;You missed quite a bit tonight, dear. This is Torin or Tori as my
  Sire has decreed. He's Azrael's new Chosen. My master found a mage while out
  shopping, and brought him home.&quot; He patted the cushion beside him. &quot;Join
  us.&quot;  
 &quot;A mage? But--you mean to tell me there is such a thing?&quot; She
  pulled her blouse free, undressing.  
 &quot;Oh, yes, and this one has become my Sire's latest passion. It will
  be good to see him with someone to devote all his energies to.&quot; He pushed
  Torin into a sitting position. &quot;Tori, this is Anna, she is David's First-Born.
  Would it trouble you if she joined us? She might not be a mage, but I am sure
  you would find any time spent in her arms to be well worth the effort.&quot;  
 Torin decided, as he nodded, that beauty must be a requirement for vampires.
  Of the four he had seen, none of them were anything but gorgeous. &quot;Hi.&quot;  
 * * *  
 Billy cried softly as he made love to Azrael. He still couldn't believe
  that the master wanted him to do this. &quot;Am I--&quot; he shuddered, mouth
  hot on Azrael's neck. &quot;I'm not hurting you, am I?&quot;  
 &quot;No, child.&quot; Azrael turned his head so that he could grace this
  one with a smile. &quot;You are not hurting me. Quite the contrary, I am enjoying
  myself greatly. Go on precious, make love to me.&quot;  
 * * *  
 Jason cried out in pain, even as his body gave into the sweet pulses of
  orgasm. His rape was brutal. David had to hold him up, for without his aid
  he would have been knocked to the floor with the first thrust. &quot;Please.&quot; He
  sobbed. &quot;More, Master, please.&quot; He cried out, almost screaming, as
  a hand brutalized his throbbing member.  
 David's teeth sank into Jason's throat as he came. Control was gone as the
  sweet, hot nectar filled his mouth.  
 An enraged roar as he suddenly found himself knocked across the room. &quot;How
  dare you?&quot; Michael pulled Jason into the protective circle of his arms.  
 Lost in blood lust, David rose snarling, to be brought to his knees by Michael's
  will alone. &quot;Insolent pup.&quot; Hands reached, fingers closed around
  his throat as Michael lifted him, holding him dangling above the floor. &quot;I
  could kill you now, and be well within my right.&quot; His fangs extended fully,
  all look of humanity left his face.  
 &quot;No!&quot; Aaron threw himself against Michael. &quot;Please, don't
  hurt him, please.&quot; He pulled on the arm that held David. &quot;Kill me,
  instead, don't hurt him.&quot;  
 &quot;Megel,&quot; Azrael's hand closed over his arm, forcing him to lower
  David. &quot;Release Vincent. I will see that punishment is delivered for his
  harming your Chosen.&quot; The fingers relaxed reluctantly. &quot;Go tend to
  your wounded one. I will see to our careless Kin.&quot;  
 David fell to the floor, Aaron pulling him close, crying. &quot;Davy?&quot;  
 &quot;Ssshh, it's all right. Go to Anna.&quot; He held the boy for a moment. &quot;Go
  on, I will be fine.&quot;  
 &quot;So Vincent, what have you to say for yourself?&quot; Azrael stood
  before him naked, eyes blazing with anger.  
 &quot;Forgive me, Master. I--I lost control. I have no excuse, no plea for
  mercy. What must I do in payment for the crime I have committed?&quot; His
  head hung low. He had committed one of the few great sins, had harmed, another's,
  Chosen.  
 Azrael turned to where Michael held the frightened mortal, Torin adding
  his power to the healing. &quot;What say you, Megel? Do you seek the traditional
  punishment for his crimes, or will you allow leniency?&quot;  
 Michael had never heard of Kin attacking another's Chosen. Renegades yes,
  but never Line-Kin. &quot;What is the traditional punishment, Master?&quot; The
  wounds on Jason's throat had been nasty. His pet, his Chosen, was weak from
  loss of blood. &quot;Drink, precious.&quot; He ripped his wrist open with his
  fangs, to offer strength and life to his love.  
 &quot;Branded outlaw, banished to be hunted by all. His Brood would be yours,
  his pets as well, to live or die as decreed by old law.&quot;  
 &quot;No!&quot; Both Anna and Joseph practically flew to put themselves
  between David and Azrael, &quot;Master, please.&quot; Anna was nearly hysterical. &quot;Megel,
  I--I'll offer myself, be your slave for eternity. Don't kill my master, don't
  banish him.&quot;  
 &quot;No, Lilith, let me.&quot; Joseph used her vampiric name. &quot;If
  anyone must suffer, let it be me. If Vincent is outcast, I'll die anyway, so
  please, let me.&quot; He looked first to Azrael then to Michael. &quot;Masters,
  he needs you, needs this place. Let me go for him.&quot;  
 Jason reached up, touching Michael's face. &quot;Michael, don't do this.
  He-you, lost, control too, remember? I seem to bring out the beast in your
  kind. Please, for me, if you care for me at all, don't send him away. Don't
  kill anyone else.&quot;  
 &quot;Well, Megel, it is up to you. Shall I kill him or banish him?&quot;  
 Michael slowly stood up, lifting Jason carefully. &quot;Tori, would you
  hold him for me? I fear for his health right now. Will you use your powers
  to strengthen it?&quot; He smiled down at the young man as he nodded, positioning
  himself on the couch so Michael could lay Jason in his arms.  
 Michael looked at David. &quot;I won't demand his life. Jason is right,
  he does submit so completely. Nor will I require that he be banished. He is
  young, barely old enough to be walking free. He is a Childe.&quot;  
 &quot;So what do you demand?&quot; He walked to where Torin held Jason.
  His power aiding in strengthening the boy's weakened system. &quot;Here, Tori.&quot; He
  rested his hand on his shoulder. As he allowed his own power to flow into his
  Chosen, helping to aid in the healing. &quot;There is no need for fear, either
  of you. Jason, you will be fine. Tori is a healer.&quot;  
 &quot;Vincent, choose. You have four, two Brood and two pets. Someone must
  pay for the pain and wrong forced on my Chosen. Which one will it be? Let you
  feel the horror, the anger as someone in your care is threatened.&quot;  
 David looked around, which one? How could he just order one to die? His
  eyes went to Anna. 'No, I can't, not her, any but his First-Born'  .
  Then his eyes turned to Joseph. It wasn't fair. He had only begun the path.
  It was not right that he be denied it now. Slowly he turned to Aaron, who lay
  against him, holding him protectively. His love for the boy made the thought
  of watching him die painful. And slowly, almost against his will, his eyes
  sought out Billy, his wounded one. The one he swore no one would ever harm.
  He closed his eyes as tears. The color of blood streaked his face. &quot;Aaron.&quot; The
  voice, a whisper, one that was, of soul rending pain.  
 To give the boy credit, he didn't scream or cry. He lifted his head to look
  David in the face, a hand reaching to gently brush the tears from his cheeks. &quot;Yeah,
  Davy?&quot;  
 &quot;Go.&quot; He fought down a sob. &quot;Go precious, I--you are Megel's
  now. Go to him. Forgive me, my love, but I cannot let Lilith or Cain go. Billy,
  I swore.&quot;  
 Aaron looked lost for a moment, as if he didn't understand what had happened.
  Then a look of understanding and resignation fell over his features. He had
  always figured that one day he would die. That one of them would kill him,
  but not this soon. &quot;Master.&quot; He swallowed back a lump. &quot;Hold
  me, please.&quot;  
 &quot;David, don't.&quot; Joseph touched the boy's hair. &quot;Vincent---Master.
  We both know that he is your next Chosen. Don't do this. I'll go. It doesn't
  matter. You warned me that the first year was dangerous. That a lot died during
  it. I'll go. Let him stay. You love him like you never loved me.&quot; He reached
  out and kissed his master. &quot;My final gift to you, because I love you like
  I've never loved anyone before in my life.&quot; He stood, reaching for Anna,
  giving her a brief but fierce hug. &quot;Take care of him for me. Don't let
  him watch--please.&quot;  
 Anna dropped to the floor, to block David's view. Aaron wrapped his arms
  around his master, fighting with Anna to keep David down. &quot;Let him do
  this. Let him finally have some dignity. Vincent, let him give you this.&quot;  
 Michael felt grudging respect for David, grow, again as Joseph stood before
  him. He did not kneel, but nodded his head marginally. &quot;So, how do you
  plan to do it?&quot;  
 &quot;How does any of our kind claim another, little one?&quot; The smile
  was soft. &quot;Vincent, do you accept that he is mine, totally, without reservations?
  You have lost this one. His life, his blood, is mine?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes.&quot; The sound was of pain unconfined.  
 &quot;After this night, we will speak of it no more. You will accept this
  as just atonement for the wrong you committed? There will be no dissension
  in my master's domain? Your Brood and pets the same?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes.&quot; The pain grew.  
 &quot;And you will remember always what happened here. Never forget, lest
  this happens again?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes. Damn you, Megel, do it.&quot; His head rose. &quot;Torment me
  all you like with it afterwards. But don't do this to Cain. I was at fault,
  not him. Get it over with!&quot;  
 Michael nodded. &quot;Very well.&quot;  
 Joseph didn't even have time to cry out as Michael snatched him up, his
  body slamming against the rock-hard wall of the Elder's chest. But it wasn't
  his throat that drew Michael's mouth. Confusion clouded his thoughts as he
  answered the kiss. &quot;One more question, Vincent, and I will let it rest.&quot; He
  smiled down at the confused Fledgling. &quot;Will you remember what you have
  sworn to this night, in a few months when he is no longer dependent on you,
  no longer locked to your throat? When I can finally make him my slave completely,
  will you honor your word, or will there be war?&quot;  
 A look of pain and hope warred on David's face. &quot;You--Megel, you won't
  kill him?&quot;  
 &quot;No, I don't kill Kin. Had I known the boy was your Chosen, I would
  have insisted on him, and then made you watch as I took him. But this Childe
  is Kin. I follow the old ways. He has committed no wrong. He has impressed
  me with his dignity. But he cannot be totally mine, yet. He's still on the,
  breast, so to speak. He is still your Childe. He is tied to you, and will have
  to drink from you to live.&quot;  
 &quot;Will he always be your slave, Megel?&quot;  
 &quot;No. Eventually I will grow weary of it, and he will be free. But he'll
  be an adult long before then. Now, do I have your word? Can I trust you, or
  must I forbid all contact between the two of you, save feedings?&quot; He kept
  Joseph locked in his arms.  
 &quot;My word.&quot;  
 &quot;He's not going to be happy for a while.&quot; Michael looked down
  at Joseph. &quot;I know it seems cruel. But Vincent had to be made to pay.
  And by rights, I could still demand his Chosen. But I won't. I would much rather
  have you.&quot;  
 Joseph looked at him, confusion and fear still bright in his eyes. He wasn't
  to die. He was to belong to Michael, be property. He looked around at David.
  David had never wanted to change him. He had begged, pleaded with him for months,
  even, enlisted Anna's help. Now he'd lose the only man he had ever really loved. &quot;Davy?&quot;  
 &quot;I'm sorry, Cain.&quot; David rose slowly. &quot;God as my witness,
  I'm sorry. Hate me all you want, I deserve it. I've made a royal mess of things.&quot; He
  resisted the urge to reach out and touch him. &quot;Megel, you have my word.
  I claim him as mine no more. I'll see to his feedings for the next few months,
  until he no longer needs me. Then, if you want, I will leave. But promise me
  one thing. Promise me you won't be cruel to him. I know you can be, all the
  Elders can if they want. But he didn't do anything wrong, I did. Please remember
  that.&quot;  
 Michael released Joseph. &quot;Cain, will you bend to me? I own you now.
  Your life and its continuance are mine. Will you make me regret allowing you
  to live?&quot;  
 Joseph turned, reaching out to David. &quot;Do you want me to do this?&quot; Tears
  welled as David nodded. &quot;Then I'll do it.&quot; He turned back to Michael,
  head bowed, trembling for a moment, before he slowly dropped to his knees. &quot;My
  life is yours, Master.&quot; And the tears were freed.  
 &quot;Vincent.&quot; Azrael's voice was soft. &quot;You and I need to talk.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, Master.&quot;  
 &quot;You have violated the sanctity of my lair. Destroyed the peace.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, Master.&quot;  
 &quot;You have lost a Childe to prevent a war, a war that you would lose.&quot; The
  soft voice was death itself. &quot;I am very displeased with you.&quot;  
 &quot;I have no excuse, Master. I was wrong.&quot; What more would he be
  forced to lose. What price would Azrael demand?  
 &quot;Megel, are you satisfied? Is the Fledgling payment, or do you wish
  that I beat my 'erring slave'  ?&quot; The words were
  spat out in cold fury. David's eyes widened. He had sworn service to Azrael,
  but he had believed it was the service he had paid Sharra. Now he knew different.  
 &quot;Let the boy be, Azrael. He's sorry. He won't do it again. We are doing
  nothing more now than frightening the little ones, and that is cruel. Forgive
  him; take him back into the fold. It is over.&quot; Then to David, &quot;you
  don't have to leave, youngster. Cain would never forgive either of us if you
  did. We are even, you and I. It's over. We shall speak of it no more.&quot;  
 Azrael nodded satisfied. &quot;So be it.&quot; They had weathered their
  first problem and it was over. He knew that he should be prepared for more
  disturbances like this. The young always acted first, and then thought about
  it.  
 Michael leaned down and took Jason from Torin. &quot;How do you feel, precious?&quot;  
 &quot;Tired.&quot; He smiled up at him. &quot;I'll try not to be so attractive
  next time.&quot; He snuggled closer. &quot;But it's not my fault you folks
  keep deciding I'm good enough to eat.&quot;  
 Michael chuckled, hugging him tighter. &quot;I'm going to put you to bed
  now. And you must drink a lot of water. You need to replace the fluids in your
  body.&quot;  
 &quot;Jason?&quot; Morgan stood near, fear for her brother plain on her
  face.  
 &quot;I'm all right, squirt. Don't worry about me, I'll be fine.&quot;  
 &quot;Did he hurt you bad?&quot; She glared at David, anger bright in her
  eyes.  
 &quot;Nah, I'm okay. I just gotta quit looking so edible to them, that's
  all.&quot; He touched her cheek. &quot;Michael won't let anyone hurt me, baby.
  I believe that, trust me on this.&quot;  
 &quot;Morgan, precious, come here.&quot; Azrael gathered her close. &quot;Your
  brother was never in danger. Vincent could never have killed him. We would
  not allow it. Forget about it for now. Let Megel care for him. You come be
  with us.&quot;  
 Joseph stood quietly as Michael fussed with his Chosen. He was a slave now.
  The word kept ringing through his mind, over and over. 'A slave'  ,
  for how long? What would the Elder expect of him? He had not agreed when Vincent
  had begged him not to be cruel. Did that bode ill?  
 Torin got Michael's attention. &quot;Master, if you wish, and my master
  allows, I will stay with Jason tonight. Make sure he drinks plenty of water.&quot; He
  looked shyly to Azrael. &quot;Would that be all right, Azrael?&quot;  
 Michael smiled at his Sire. &quot;If the boy is willing, I'll let him go
  with Jason and Amber. Later, once my boy is asleep and well on the road to
  recovery, we can fetch him.&quot;  
 &quot;Oh, very well. A healer, I should have known. Four hundred years since
  my last mage, and I get a healer.&quot; He shook his head, the amusement on
  his face taking the bite out of his words. &quot;Go on with you. I'll come
  for you myself in a few hours.&quot;  
 &quot;But I'm not that tired.&quot; Jason didn't want to be separated from
  Michael. Despite his brave words, he was very frightened. &quot;Please, Megel.&quot;  
 &quot;Ssshh, hush. You must rest, now. Allow your body time to recover.
  You aren't going to be alone. Amber and Tori will be with you. If you need
  me, you have but to call.&quot; He kissed the top of Jason's head as it rested
  against him. &quot;Cain needs me right now, Jay. He's very confused. It cannot
  be easy for him. He has lost his Sire. Let me comfort him. You know you're
  safe. You know I love you. He is still unsure.&quot;  
 Jason nodded. It was just like Michael, he was going to pamper Joseph. &quot;Okay,
  I'll go to bed, but promise you'll stop by before you sleep?&quot;  
 &quot;We will. Amber, would you go with Tori and make sure Jay drinks several
  glasses of water? Hold him for me?&quot;  
 &quot;I'll take care of him.&quot; She felt much better now. Michael was
  kind.  
 &quot;Good girl.&quot; He helped Jason to stand as Torin helped hold him
  up. &quot;Are you going to be all right, pretty face?&quot;  
 &quot;Yeah, I'm not as bad off as I look. I'll be fine.&quot;  
 &quot;See you later, then. Go rest. We have all of eternity.&quot;  
CHAPTER 17  
 Joseph watched as Tori led Jason and Amber from the room. The finality of
  his life finally sank in. He was Michael's slave. His only hope was that Michael
  would treat him as kindly as he treated the others.  
 &quot;So, Cain, or do you prefer your mortal name?&quot; Michael turned
  his attention to the Fledgling. &quot;Oh, please, don't be like that. I have
  no intentions of hurting you any more than you have been already.&quot;  
 &quot;Cain is fine, Master, or Joseph or Joey. Anything you want.&quot; He,
  trembled, so hard his teeth rattled. &quot;Forgive me.&quot;  
 &quot;For what, pet?&quot; Michael chuckled. &quot;For being afraid? Childe
  if, I were in your shoes right now, I would be a groveling mess. No, there
  is no need for apologies. We are going to be fine. You just wait. I am not
  quite the heartless beast you must see me as now. You may still love Vincent,
  be with him if you are not with me. Your surrender was sufficient. I believe
  you will abide by it.&quot; He reached for his hand. &quot;Come here.&quot;  
 &quot;You don't mind?&quot; He had been sure that Michael would never let
  him close to David again. &quot;Master, truly?&quot;  
 Michael's gaze sought out David's. &quot;Vincent, why don't you let your
  Chosen come here? I think Cain and you need to put this to rest.&quot;  
 David held Aaron protectively. &quot;We are even, Megel? You and I?&quot;  
 &quot;I won't harm the boy, Vincent. Enough has been said. Enough pain.
  My word, I will be as gentle with your pet as I am my own.&quot; He pushed
  Joseph forward.  
 David pulled away from Aaron. &quot;Go on, baby, go be with Michael. I need
  to talk with Joe.&quot;  
 Aaron glanced over at Michael, then back to David. &quot;Will he--?&quot; then
  in a softer voice. &quot;Are you?&quot;  
 &quot;No,&quot; David touched his cheek. &quot;You are mine, Aaron, and
  you will stay with me. Cain made sure of that. But there is a hurt between
  us now. One, that must be dealt with. If we don't begin to heal this, it will
  kill Cain as surely as the sun. I am his Sire.&quot;  
 Aaron nodded. He owed it to Joseph, was still alive, because of him.  
 &quot;Don't be afraid.&quot; Michael reached for him as the boy came close. &quot;No
  one is going to hurt you, or your master.&quot; He led him to the couch. &quot;I
  won't touch you, if you do not wish me to. You can sit with me while they talk.&quot; Michael's
  eyes rose, seeking out the other of David's pets. Billy sat watching all of
  this, eyes bright. Anna was soothing him. &quot;Lilith, bring the boy and come
  here. Let Vincent and Cain have a moment of privacy.&quot;  
 She did as he bid. &quot;Come on, honey.&quot; Billy was frightened. He
  had just watched his master and Joseph almost die. He let her lead him, but
  held close to her, seeking protection. &quot;It's okay, sweetie, he won't hurt
  you. I won't let him.&quot; She smiled up at Michael, a little ruefully, to
  take any threat of challenge out of her words. She understood what had happened.
  Her Sire had started drilling Kin ethics and manners into her the very night
  he made her. She knew how lucky they all were.  
 &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; David held Joseph in arms that trembled with the
  desire to claim him again. &quot;I ruined everything. How you must hate me.&quot;  
 &quot;No.&quot; It felt good to be here. David held him so rarely, always
  reserving the greater part of his affection for Anna, his First-Born and most
  loved. &quot;I'll never hate you. I owe you too much.&quot;  
 &quot;Owe me?&quot; David laughed bitterly. &quot;Oh yes, Cain, you have
  so much to, owe, me. I took your freedom, your life, I begrudged you my love,
  and now, when you are so close to beginning to be able to enjoy what you are,
  I snatched it all away with my lack of control. Yes, lover, you owe me quite
  a lot. I should think you will be paying me back for all my gifts--&quot; the
  words were bitter &quot;--for quite some time.&quot;  
 &quot;Vincent.&quot; Joseph's fingers reached for, the, back of David's
  neck, rubbing the base with a firm relaxing, pressure. &quot;You saved my life.
  Cleaned me up. I wanted, this, remember? Had to beg for months before you would
  even consider it. You warned me that Anna is your first, she's still under
  your protection. I knew I would always play second, but I had that chance because
  of you.&quot; The truth behind his words was almost painful. &quot;Megel won't
  hurt me. I still have eternity to look forward to. I just changed masters,
  that's all.&quot; His arms tightened. &quot;But you're the one that made me.
  He might own my body, but my soul is yours.&quot;  
 &quot;No,&quot; David lifted his face to smile at his Childe. &quot;You're
  wrong on that, Cain. I gave you back your soul the night I made you one of
  us. For the first time since you took your first breath, you belonged solely
  to yourself. Your body and life are the only things I ever owned. You were
  your own driver. Before tonight.&quot; Fingers moved to dry tears. &quot;That's
  what I am the most sorry for.&quot;  
 &quot;It's okay.&quot; Joseph whispered. &quot;We'll be all right. I still
  love you. He won't take that from me. His word.&quot;  
 &quot;And I will strive to prove that I love you more than you believe.&quot; It
  would be all right. He believed that now as they held each other. It was going
  to be all right.  
 Michael raised his eyes from where he had been looking down at Aaron, and
  caught Billy's gaze. &quot;You stare at me so child. What is it?&quot;  
 &quot;David said all the bad things were over,&quot; a whispered accusation.  
 &quot;Yes, well, he also attacked someone I love. If anyone hurt you, he
  would be honor-bound to seek justice. I have the same responsibility to Jason.
  I know it is hard for you to believe, but I let him off very lightly. I could
  have demanded all of you, and made him watch as I killed you. But what good
  would that have done?&quot;  
 &quot;Michael.&quot; Anna hushed the boy in her arms. &quot;Forgive him.
  He doesn't understand. I do, Joey does, but he's not one of us.&quot;  
 &quot;I'm not mad at him, Anna. I don't begrudge the boy his questions.&quot; It
  had taken Michael years to learn to smile without showing his fangs. &quot;It
  has not been an easy life for any of them. We should expect, when we have a
  little dilemma like this, that they are going to be greatly affected by it.&quot;  
 Anna nodded, relaxing a little more. &quot;I have a question myself. Once
  you learned that Aaron was his, Chosen, why did you still insist on keeping
  Cain?&quot;  
 &quot;I honestly can't say for sure. Perhaps it was because angry or no,
  I really had no desire to kill, or it could have been that Joseph's sacrifice
  touched me. Or maybe it was that Jason had begged me. I don't know Anna, I
  have no clear answers.&quot;  
 &quot;What happens, now?&quot;  
 &quot;Well, the hurt between us will begin to heal. Once David and Joseph
  put this behind them, we will all be able to breathe a little easier. I will
  take him aside to collar him. He's been through quite enough tonight, without
  public humiliation. I only hope Azrael still has some of my old collars. He
  may have had them melted down after I left. I'd hate to use a plain leather
  one, it's an insult.&quot;  
 &quot;Collar?&quot;  
 &quot;Joseph is my slave. I own him completely. Azrael has accepted David's
  one hundred years service, but that is different. He is young. It is common
  practice for the young ones to serve the old, in exchange for protection and
  learning. Joseph will be my slave for a long time, even for us. He has no rights.
  Even Mark has more freedom than he does. I won't hurt him. Abuse is not in
  my nature. But I will hold him, and he will obey the law.&quot; The tone in
  his voice warned Anna that no amount of begging was going to change his mind.
  Joey would be treated as nothing for a long time. He would have no life.  
 &quot;It will kill him,&quot; was the only thing she dared say.  
 Michael reached out and laid a hand on her arm. &quot;No, I won't let that
  happen. Wait. Tomorrow night will be different, you'll see.&quot; Poor girl
  had no idea what a mature vampire was capable of doing. &quot;He will be happy
  with me, and I will be kind to him. You are worrying about nothing. He will
  be as well cared for and protected as any of you. I promise.&quot;  
 Joseph pulled away from David. &quot;I gotta go.&quot; The very act of separation
  was painful.  
 &quot;So soon, love?&quot; He tried to pull him back.  
 &quot;Yes. He hasn't called me yet, but he's about to.&quot; He turned,
  looking at Michael, who had been testing his awareness with the lightest of
  touches. Michael nodded, smiling with approval.  
 &quot;Are you going to be all right?&quot; David knew what Joseph was looking
  forward to, even if the Fledgling didn't. &quot;Don't argue with him, Joey.
  I know it will seem cruel, and it will seem unfair. But don't fight him. It
  would tear me up to see you punished.&quot;  
 &quot;I'll be good. I promise.&quot;  
 &quot;Be better than good, be fabulous. Give yourself to this. It's the
  only way.&quot;  
 &quot;I will.&quot; He hugged him once more. &quot;I gotta go.&quot;  
 David watched him return to Michael. 'What have I done'  ?
  The words were torment. 'I've damned my own to hell'  .  
 Joseph knelt beside Michael. &quot;Thank you.&quot;  
 Michael slowly raised his head from Aaron's shoulder. &quot;The two of you
  at peace, now?&quot;  
 &quot;Somewhat,&quot; he stared at his hands, &quot;Master.&quot;  
 Michael reached out, brushing his new charge with a light mental touch.
  Yes, the boy would heal, and with what he planned on doing later, would be
  all right. &quot;Aaron, go return to your master. Lilith, your Sire needs you.&quot;  
 &quot;May I tell Joey good-night?&quot; She rose.  
 &quot;No. He's, had enough emotional trauma for one night. Tomorrow, you
  can spend some time with him. For now, it's best I take him away for a while.&quot;  
 &quot;Just a hug. Please Michael, I always tell him good-night.&quot;  
 Michael sighed. Maybe he was going soft. &quot;Oh, very well, but try to
  refrain from any hysterics. I am serious, the boy has been through enough,
  tonight.&quot;  
 &quot;Thank you.&quot; She fought the urge to burst into tears. &quot;Sleep
  well, baby.&quot; She kissed his cheek, wiping away the tears. &quot;It gets
  easier, you wait.&quot;  
 &quot;Joey?&quot; Billy looked from him to Michael. &quot;May I?&quot;  
 Michael gave up. He might as well surrender to the humor in the situation. &quot;Yes,
  go on, both of you.&quot; 'Why is it that all human males at this
  age are so damned adorable'  ? &quot;But only if I get a sample
  of your sweetness, too.&quot;  
 Billy looked away, reaching for Joseph. &quot;Good-night.&quot; He let the
  younger vampire hold him for a moment. &quot;I love you.&quot;  
 &quot;I love you, too, Billy. I'll see you tomorrow. Who knows, maybe, if
  my master is in a good mood, he'll let me join in the play.&quot; He kissed
  him briefly before pulling, Aaron close.  
 &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; Aaron felt guilty. He had been supposed to die. Joseph
  had traded himself for his life. &quot;You didn't have to.&quot;  
 &quot;Yeah, I did.&quot; The smile that had finally won David over touched
  his lips. &quot;Believe me, this is for the best. Don't worry, I'll be fine.&quot;  
 &quot;Please.&quot; Billy reached for Michael. &quot;Don't let it go back
  to the way it was.&quot;  
 &quot;Ssshh.&quot; Michael was pleased to see that the wounded one didn't
  flinch from his touch. &quot;Don't cry, pretty, I won't let it. No one will
  hurt you. Your master has sworn this. His master has seconded it. You alone
  are safe from harm.&quot;  
 Billy looked up at him, eyes focusing as he had one of those rare, brief
  moments of mental brilliance that one such as he sometimes had. &quot;Would
  I do?&quot;  
 The boy's sudden change caught Michael off guard. &quot;Would you do as
  what, Billy?&quot;  
 &quot;As your slave?&quot; He bit his lip. &quot;I'll be good, won't cry.
  You won't hurt me. Davy will believe that. Joey won't be sad.&quot; Already
  the lucidity was fading.  
 &quot;Billy, no!&quot; Joseph reached for him. &quot;Michael, Master, please,
  don't listen to him.&quot; Damn one already so damaged by them to what Michael
  had in store for him? They all thought him blissfully unaware of what was to
  happen, but he knew. And deep down, David knew he knew. He had been warned
  earlier about staying close to home once his year was up. Until he was a little
  older, he would be a prime target for Renegade groups.  
 Michael heard and felt the knowledge, even as Joseph recognized it. &quot;No,
  Billy. I'm sorry, pet. But Joseph has already offered, I have accepted it,
  it's over.&quot; Then he reached out and stroked the boy's cheek lightly. &quot;But
  you 'are'   right, I would never hurt you.&quot;  
 &quot;Please.&quot; He was in tears. &quot;Please.&quot;  
 &quot;Vincent. Come and get your pet. He needs you.&quot; Michael gathered
  the sobbing youngster close. &quot;Don't cry, Billy, I won't hurt him. I'm
  not a cruel man.&quot;  
 &quot;Billy?&quot; David knelt beside where Michael sat the boy in his arms. &quot;What
  happened?&quot; He touched Billy's mind softly. He had to be very careful with
  this one. &quot;Oh, you poor dear.&quot; He took him from Michael. &quot;It
  was kind of you to offer, but you're human, sweet. Michael will hold Joseph
  at least twice your life span, if not more. You won't live long enough for
  it to be a fair trade.&quot;  
 &quot;Billy.&quot; Michael rose, pulling Joseph close. &quot;You must not
  do this. Any more crying will do nothing but upset Cain even more. Let me take
  him away, and calm him. We'll talk tomorrow. I'll listen to what you have to
  say, and explain my reasons to you. Your dedication and sacrifice deserve an
  open ear. We will talk.&quot; Yes, he would let the boy voice his beliefs,
  make his offer, and listen to his reasoning. And then he would gently, with
  as light a touch as possible, make him understand why it could not work, without
  once belittling anything the boy felt, *with your permission,
  Vincent, of course. *   
 *Of course, *   David felt all, the, tension
  leave his body for the first time in hours. There was no way that a vampire
  that would, go, to such lengths to ease the emotional distress of a mortal,
  would do his own kind grievous harm.  
 Michael felt David's emotions changing. *I am glad you understand
        now. I was concerned what the worry would do to you until you accepted
        it. *   A brief mental brush, almost like a kiss, and
        then he pulled away.  
 &quot;Promise?&quot; Billy sniffed, rubbing his eyes. He, looked, for all
  the world like a little boy. Michael was suddenly tempted, almost willing,
  to make the trade. The child was just too darling.  
 &quot;No, Megel.&quot; David tightened his grip around Billy. &quot;He is
  under my protection. What I did was wrong. I have no excuse. But do not make
  me forsake my word.&quot;  
 Michael closed his eyes briefly. &quot;You are right. I don't know what
  made me think that. No, I would have killed your Chosen for what you did. But
  make you forsworn? Never.&quot; He shook his head. &quot;I will explain it
  all to you tomorrow, Billy. That is, if you still have any questions after
  your master here finishes talking to you. But for now, I am taking my new one
  here.&quot; He purposely refrained from using the word 'slave'  . &quot;And
  we are going to go somewhere quiet so that I might explain how his life is
  to be.&quot;  
 Joseph felt a pang, and remembered that he hadn't fed yet. &quot;Master.&quot;  
 Both Michael and David turned their heads, but Michael was the one to respond. &quot;Yes.&quot;  
 &quot;I,&quot; he ran a hand through his hair, &quot;I'm sorry but--I&quot; He
  wondered if Michael would make him go hungry tonight. &quot;I haven't fed.
  I was waiting for later, alone, but.&quot; He was visibly trembling. &quot;Please,
  Master, I'm hungry.&quot;  
 David looked at Michael. &quot;May I?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes,&quot; Michael 's tone was sharp. &quot;Of course, you may. Jupiter's
  Balls, Joseph--Cain--you haven't, didn't, do anything wrong. I will not torture
  you for revenge. Vincent has paid for his mistake. It is over. Feed. I'll never
  force you to go hungry. No matter what you do, I'll never starve you.&quot;  
 &quot;Go on, Cain.&quot; David pulled Joseph's mouth to his throat. &quot;Drink
  your fill. I fed well tonight.&quot;  
 Michael reached for Joseph the moment he lifted his head. &quot;Enough.
  Come, no more delays.&quot;  
 &quot;Good night, Michael.&quot; David rose, acknowledging Michael's command.  
 &quot;Rest well, David.&quot; He turned towards the bed there and Azrael. &quot;We
  will talk tomorrow night, Master.&quot;  
 &quot;The items you seek are in a chest in the dungeon. Never fear, I do
  not have any made of leather.&quot; Azrael's soft baritone voice held a note
  of amusement.  
 &quot;Sleep well.&quot; Michael read into his master's words the needed
  information. &quot;You may walk, Cain, follow me.&quot; He turned to leave. &quot;I
  want to stop in and check on Jason. I know he is fine, but I would still like
  to see it with my own eyes.&quot;  
 Joseph, who was honestly, scared almost out of his mind, drew a glimmer
  of hope from Michael's words. Michael was for all intents and purposes a, gentle,
  man when it came to the needs of those he was responsible for. It spoke greatly
  for a gentle breaking.  
 Michael stopped and turned to look at him. &quot;You know what will happen?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, Master.&quot; He didn't need to ask for an explanation of the
  question.  
 &quot;It won't hurt as long as you don't fight me. I will use a light hand
  if you give yourself to it freely.&quot;  
 &quot;Will there be any of 'me'   left?&quot;  
 &quot;As much as I can protect. I'll leave your personality as whole as
  possible, your feelings and identity the same. There will be some loss, but
  you will not end up like Billy. I swear it. If it came down to that, I'd take
  your life myself.&quot;  
 Joseph's body shook for several moments as he fought emotions that threatened
  to overcome him. &quot;Thank you.&quot;  
 &quot;Wait here for me. I'll be back. As soon as I check on Jason.&quot; He
  tilted Joseph's chin upward. &quot;You will not move from here.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes.&quot; Joseph could see nothing but Michael's eyes, feel nothing
  but the desire to stand where he was. &quot;I would have obeyed.&quot;  
 Michael stepped closer, brushing his lips across Joseph's brow. &quot;I
  am sure you would have, Cain, but I would rather be safe than sorry. I have
  no desire to punish you.&quot;  
 Joseph stood alone in the hall. The pressure to remain still was almost
  painful. Already the change was taking place. Joseph couldn't see Michael using
  this much force on anyone but a slave. And the sadder part, to his mind, was
  that Michael had used it as a kindness, to guarantee there would be less pain
  later. His heart broke. Nothing much mattered any more. Whatever Michael would
  do to him, he would accept. There was no other way.  
 * * *  
 As Michael closed and bolted the door he asked, &quot;is Jason--?&quot;  
 &quot;Fine, curled up asleep between Tori and, Amber. I told you he was
  recovering. All three of them are well on their way to putting this behind
  them.&quot; Michael released the pressure that had held him.  
 &quot;I'm glad.&quot; He followed Michael, each step bringing his doom closer.
  Could he really do it? Could he let Michael take him completely, give up all
  right to free thought? Be nothing more than, a, mindless slave? Fear-filled
  questions made his mind a blur. The resolve he had only moments before was
  gone.  
 &quot;Don't be afraid.&quot; Michael opened the door to the dungeon. &quot;We
  won't be here long, and I won't take you here. I'm only here to retrieve a
  few items.&quot; He looked around the room for the chest.  
 The metal collar was a heavy band of silver. It opened with a key, and the
  ring mounting in the center concealed the hinge. &quot;Good.&quot; Michael
  released the lock. &quot;Lift your hair, Cain.&quot; The collar fit comfortably
  around Joseph's throat, resting at the base, over his jugular.  
 Joseph panicked. Collared, he could not blood-bond with David. It was the
  final straw. &quot;No, please.&quot; He pulled at the collar, trying to rip
  it from his neck.  
 &quot;No, Cain, the collar stays.&quot; He pulled Joseph's hands away. &quot;Put
  your hands behind your back.&quot; Iron manacles with two feet of chain between
  them were locked on Joseph's wrists, chaining his arms down and slightly behind
  him, reducing him to a defenseless prisoner. &quot;I won't keep these on for
  long, just until I have broken you.&quot;  
 &quot;Please.&quot; Joseph backed away from him. &quot;I--I can't.&quot;  
 Michael yanked the younger vampire close. &quot;You have no choice, Cain.
  You are my slave.&quot; He kept his voice soft. Michael just didn't have it
  in him to hurt the boy. &quot;Be still.&quot; He tightened his grip as Joseph
  struggled. &quot;Cain, stop this.&quot;  
 &quot;I can't. Please, I'll do anything you ask.&quot; All his bravado was
  gone.  
 &quot;Don't make me hurt you, Cain.&quot; Michael's fangs extended as he
  turned the full power of his will on the Fledgling. Joseph's face blanked as
  the force came down.  
 A whimper was all the sound Joseph could make. Every ounce of his being
  was focused on the man before him. The world was gone. His life had no meaning
  outside this moment. Every hope and dream he had ever had suddenly became wrapped
  up in the essence of his master.  
 &quot;I am going to release you, now.&quot; The words were soft in his ear. &quot;You
  will follow me quietly. We will have no more of these little outbursts. If
  you fail me this time, I will have no choice but to punish you.&quot; He withdrew
  his power. &quot;It's up to you, boy. Do I hurt you? Will you obey?&quot;  
 Joseph almost fell as he was released. Michael caught him, holding him up
  as his body was wracked with sobs. &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; He was too close
  to the danger point. Too near to having every last glimmer of who and what
  he was ripped from him. &quot;Master?&quot;  
 &quot;Are we going to be wise, now?&quot; Michael found no pleasure in this
  part of the process. He would have just as soon not do it.  
 It took Joseph a moment to answer. Michael was beginning to believe that
  there might still be a problem. &quot;Yes.&quot; Joseph looked up. &quot;I--I'm
  sorry, Master. I don't know what came over me. You can let me go now, I--I'll
  follow.&quot;  
 Michael brushed his fingers against Joseph's cheek, a gesture that he had
  drawn such comfort from when he had been Azrael's slave. &quot;Would it help,
  is it a kindness, if I promise not to take your name? I can you know, but I
  won't. I will not take anything from you that I don't have to.&quot; He noticed
  the tremble again. &quot;Ssshh, relax, Joey.&quot;  
 &quot;I'm sorry, Master.&quot; He was in tears again, but he didn't fight. &quot;I'm
  trying, I swear I am.&quot;  
 Michael felt sorry for the youngster. Not, even, Kin a full year. 'Poor
      Childe, I will have to be very careful with him. He knows just enough to
      make this a horror for him'  . &quot;Cain.&quot; He let the
      boy draw comfort from his embrace.  
 &quot;Master.&quot; He felt Michael's arms around him, the power of his
  grasp.  
 &quot;We will go to my resting place, now. Will you walk freely, or do I
  need to lead you?&quot;  
 Joseph looked at him, fear, pain and sorrow radiating from him in waves. &quot;I
  will walk.&quot; His pride was the only thing he had left. He fought to hold
  onto it. He would, in the end, be nothing more than a groveling shadow, but
  he'd hold on to what was left of his dignity until Michael stripped it from
  him.  
 Michael was amazed as they walked. The boy, who by all rights, should, have
  been a wild thing. Fighting with all he had against the imminent doom of his
  fate, walked beside him, collared manacled, but head held high. The more Michael
  saw of his new slave's inner self, the more he swore he'd not see it shattered.  
 He didn't have to break him completely. There would be no need. Just enough
  to control his natural vampiric nature, make him dependent on him, drive home
  the need to please, and nothing more.  
 * * *  
 Joseph almost panicked again as Michael led him into the darkened room where
  a single large bed and a nightstand the only furniture. &quot;Relax, boy. Fighting
  is the worst thing you can do, now.&quot;  
 &quot;I won't, I swear.&quot; He closed his eyes, forcing every ounce of
  will into the self-control exercises David had taught him.  
 &quot;Will you go freely to this? The less resistance you put up, the easier
  it is. I would just as soon not hurt you.&quot; He smiled as Joseph nodded. &quot;Good,
  very good. Now listen to me, Cain. Take what comfort you can from these words.
  I will not break you completely. I do not want a mindless slave. I will leave
  you as much yourself as I can. This I swear. I only want your devotion. The
  only command I will force on you is your need to please me, nothing more. Your
  will outside of that will be your own, your responses your own. I will leave
  your love for your Sire and family whole and intact. I will allow you your
  dreams and your hopes. You will be my slave of your own free will, save your
  need to please me.&quot;  
 &quot;Thank you.&quot; He almost fainted from relief. His master was the
  most wonderful, the kindest and most, understanding.  
 &quot;You will, of course, be forced to obey any and all who live within
  this house. Now and ever, when I return to my domain, the same will apply there.
  When we are out, you need only obey those you know are either Kin or the mortals
  connected to them. Even the pets I allow you to take for your food, you will
  call 'Master'  .&quot; He gathered him close. &quot;With
  one exception, you will call all 'Master'   or 'Mistress'  .&quot;  
 &quot;And that is?&quot; His mouth reached for Michael's, for some comfort.  
 &quot;Call me Megel, always. Even when you must beg, I grant you this out
  of respect and as a reward for the selfless gesture you have made this night.
  You will make a fine brother. You have what it takes to command the greatest
  honor and respect one day. I will see that your training continues, even as
  my slave. And I promise you, when I free you at last, you will be able to stand
  as equal to any around you. I would not have you a cripple.&quot;  
 &quot;Megel?&quot; He couldn't believe it. He had prepared for the worst
  but--.  
 &quot;Yes, Cain?&quot;  
 &quot;May I ask a favor from you?&quot; He lifted his eyes. &quot;Please,
  one small thing before you take my right to voice it.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, ask anything of me at this moment. If it is within reason, and
  my power, I will grant it to you.&quot;  
 &quot;Make love to me once before you do. Please, I want to feel you once
  as myself completely.&quot; Emotions powerful beyond his belief threatened
  to overwhelm him. &quot;Please, Megel, Master. Don't make me beg. Please, just
  this once.&quot;  
 &quot;Turn around, Cain.&quot; He released the manacles. &quot;I won't break
  you until we go to rest. For this night, we will be equals and lovers. You
  may be as free as you wish, save for one thing.&quot; He turned him back around. &quot;Though
  I love the feel of hands and mouth on my body, you must be careful not to bring
  me to orgasm with your mouth. I am much older than your Sire. Enough of my
  blood would be present to sicken you. So if I tell you to pull away, you must.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, sir.&quot; He had his wish. He had time. &quot;Hold me.&quot;  
 Michael was thrilled. He would have never put Jason at risk, his love for
  him too all encompassing. He was glad things had worked out the way they did.
  The Childe was going to prove to be worth as much love and protection as any
  could ever hope for. &quot;Would it frighten you if I asked my Sire to join
  us? I would have him see how perfect you are. But I will not insist if it would
  cause you pain.&quot; He led him to the bed. &quot;Besides, I must blood-brand
  you, and would prefer to have him here, so that there will be no pain.&quot; He
  lifted Joseph's chin. &quot;I will not have you hurt, if I can prevent it,
  ever.&quot;  
 Joseph shuddered in his arms. &quot;I believe you, Megel. I won't fuss.
  If you want the Elder here, I will be more than happy to have him here.&quot; He
  lifted Michael's hand, kissing the palm, before pressing it to his cheek. &quot;One
  more question?&quot;  
 Michael pushed him back on the bed, sitting beside him. &quot;Cain, you
  can ask all the questions you want.&quot;  
 &quot;Even though I am your slave, and I will be programmed to want to please
  you, you're not going to deny me your love are you? I'll be 'able' to love
  you, right?&quot;  
 Emotions in the Vampyr were strong. Anger, hate, joy, and love; they were
  all quick to flame and burned brightly.  
 &quot;Wait.&quot; Michael bent to kiss him. &quot;When my Sire is here,
  I will answer that question. I want you to have a witness and promise to my
  answer.&quot; He pulled away smiling. &quot;One moment, Cain.&quot; He turned
  his mind to his friend and Sire. *Azrael? *   
 *Yes Megel. How is your new Slave? *   
 *Fine, reassure Vincent that he is fine. Would you come and
        join us? I have promised him I will wait to break him until time for
        sleep. And when I do, I would rather the brand not cause him, pain. So
        will you come and share his last night of freedom with me? *   
 *Why thank you, Megel. I would greatly enjoy that. And yes,
        of course, his branding will be painless. Anything else would be the
        last word in unspeakable cruelty. I am proud of you, my son. You have
        shown me that I raised a fine man. There is no way I could be more proud
        of you than I am right now. Your control and understanding have been
        exemplary. Vincent is going to be well because of your careful handling.
        May I bring him with me? If you are allowing the Childe one last night
        of freedom, let him hold his Sire too. *   
 *Wait, I will ask. He's a little shaky right now. *   He
  broke contact. &quot;Cain, Azrael has asked if it would be all right if Vincent
  joined us for this last night of freedom. I will remove your collar if you
  wish, allow you to blood-bond with him one last time.&quot; He made a shushing
  noise as Joseph tried to speak. &quot;If it would be painful, I won't allow
  it. I only want to see you happy for now.&quot;  
 &quot;Please.&quot; He broke into tears, reaching for Michael, needing to
  be held. &quot;Oh, please, yes. I'll do anything you say, always, you've been
  so good about this. Please, Megel, please.&quot;  
 &quot;Ssshh, hold me, draw strength. I will never deny you this.&quot; He
  rocked him slowly. *Yes, tell Vincent that if he wants to join
  us, Cain will be overjoyed. *   
 *I will be there, soon. *   Azrael smiled down
  at the two who lay curled up against him. &quot;I must go help Megel with Cain.
  The two of you stay here with the rest. I'll leave you in Lilith's care.&quot; He
  smiled, hugging Morgan closer. &quot;You know her, precious, you know she will
  not harm you.&quot;  
 Morgan grinned, reaching to kiss him. &quot;Is he all right?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, Megel is very gentle, you know that. You've seen how he treats
  your brother. He will not harm the Fledgling. He has no war with him.&quot; He
  looked to Mark. &quot;Will you be all right, pet?&quot; The boy had proven
  to be as lovable as his girls are. &quot;Oh, and before I forget, where is
  your kitten? Was he to your liking?&quot;  
 Mark grinned, blushing slightly under the direct gaze of his master. &quot;Yeah,
  I like cats. How did you know?&quot;  
 &quot;I did not. I simply found him to be adorable, and knew that you would
  like him. Where is he, what have you decided to call him?&quot;  
 &quot;Locked up in the bathroom. I was afraid with all the activity going
  on, that someone would roll on top of him.&quot; He blushed even more.  
 &quot;And, come on Mark, what did you call him?&quot;  
 &quot;Renfield.&quot; His eyes lit up as Azrael laughed. &quot;Well, I didn't
  think Dracula was a name that you'd like, and well, I do live with vampires,
  so I figured what the hell, it's funny anyway.&quot;  
 Azrael shook his head in utter amusement. &quot;Well, he is 'your'   kitten,
  call him what you will. I must go. Behave, both of you.&quot; He disengaged
  himself from his two, and took up his robe. &quot;Vincent.&quot;  
 David looked up from his three. &quot;Yes, Master?&quot;  
 &quot;Megel has asked me to come and be with him and his new slave. He is
  allowing Cain one last night of freedom before taking him. I have asked and
  been reassured that if you wish to join us you are welcome. It would be a good
  thing, Vincent. A healing that would settle the pain between the four of us,
  will you come?&quot;  
 David's face played through several emotions. Azrael watched his face closely
  as the emotions from shock to love, danced through his eyes. &quot;And Megel,
  he doesn't mind?&quot;  
 &quot;Not at all. Come; allow your Childe to see you recovering from this,
  before he can no longer appreciate it. Enough pain.&quot;  
 &quot;Go on, Master.&quot; Anna smiled. &quot;I'll take care of Aaron and
  Billy.&quot;  
 &quot;Are you sure honey? You've been through quite a shock too.&quot;  
 &quot;I'll live. If Joey's new master is kind enough to allow you one last
  night with him before he takes his soul, you need to do this.&quot;  
 David held her close. &quot;I love you.&quot; There was pain in his voice,
  but joy as well. &quot;I will return. Bring the boys. We shall all sleep in
  my chamber, tonight, and from here on. At least until the fear they feel has
  faded a little.&quot;  
 &quot;Lilith,&quot; Azrael asked, &quot;would you mind if I left Morgan
  and Mark in your care as well?&quot;  
 &quot;I will take care of them, Master.&quot; She went into his arms. &quot;They
  know me, there should be no fear.&quot;  
 &quot;There is not. Thank you dear.&quot; He kissed the tip of her nose
  before lowering his mouth to her lips. &quot;Come, Vincent, Megel is waiting.&quot;  
CHAPTER 18  
 Joseph was confused with the events of the evening. The last hour or so
  had left him at loss. He had been sure, when David attacked his new master's
  Chosen, that he would die. But he didn't, Michael wouldn't kill one of his
  own kind. And then, the fear of being broken. Of being doomed to spend countless
  years as nothing but his half mad slave. But again, Michael had promised to
  stay his hand as much as possible. And now, as he laid in Michael's arms, feeling
  the strength of his embrace, the desire in his kisses, he was being given one
  last night of freedom, to be loved and held.  
 But the greatest shock was Michael's gift, to be allowed to hold David once
  more. To feel the bond, to make love freely, just one last time, before he
  became Michael's slave in truth.  
 A soft cry slipped from him as his hips lifted to meet Michael's fingers,
  which had wrapped around him in a strong, firm grip. Right now, he needed this.
  So much had happened. He needed to lose himself in the blissful pleasure that
  was being offered.  
 &quot;Lay back, Cain.&quot; Michael wanted to encase him in a warm web of
  emotions for the moment. &quot;Don't be afraid. I only want to make love to
  you.&quot;  
 &quot;Please.&quot; He was right. Michael was much stronger than David was.  
 &quot;You will not achieve release until I allow it. Enjoy.&quot; His mouth
  closed on Joseph's throat, fangs piercing his skin, allowing the glory of the
  feeding to warm them both. Just a few sips, just enough to lock his new one
  in a haze of desire so strong that it was painful.  
 &quot;Please.&quot; Joseph's voice was but a whisper. Never had he been
  drawn out like this. The pressure, the pleasure, kept building until his whole
  body was part of the need. &quot;Please--Megel--I&quot; The dam burst and he
  sobbed against him. The fear and the pain, the long nights of worrying, everything
  that had hurt him, that he had walled up inside himself. The nights before
  David, when the only time he didn't feel worthless was when he was so wasted
  he couldn't think.  
 And then he had been granted what he wanted, but with it came so many things
  that he still bled from. The fear of capture, the longing for the love that
  David was never able to give him. The change the, long nights of hunger, when,
  he was only allowed to feed enough to keep the pain away. The hope of a new
  life, and his final agony of slavery, all poured out of him.  
 Michael held him, letting him purge himself of all the wrongs he had been
  forced to suffer. Suffering along with him, as only another of his kind could. &quot;Go
  on, pet, let it out. No more, I swear, I will, never, let anyone ever hurt
  you again. Not like this.&quot;  
 &quot;Please.&quot; He needed him now. &quot;Please, Megel, please.&quot; He
  cried out as Michael laid him back on the bed, lying over him, hands still
  teasing, still stroking with incredibly pleasurable pressure. &quot;Now, please--now.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, baby, now.&quot; Michael moved down his body, to take him, drawing
  with deep powerful suction as he released the hold, letting the boy's release
  be the final cleansing he needed. Holding his hips down as Joseph thrashed
  beneath him, crying out in ecstasy.  
 * * *  
 Afterwards he lay in Michael's arms, too stunned to speak. His body literally
  vibrated with pleasure. He took hope in it. Surely Michael spoke the truth.
  Why would he lie? He wasn't going to hurt him. He wasn't going to destroy everything
  he was. True, his life was no longer what he had hoped for, but it wouldn't
  be hell, either. For this alone he swore he would not only go into this freely,
  but would stun his new master with his willingness to please him. He would
  only be happy if his master was. He swore to himself, he'd do anything to make
  his master happy, anything at all. Even if it meant allowing him to tease and
  torment him like he did Jason.  
 A soft knock on the door brought him mind back to his surroundings. &quot;They
  are here.&quot; Michael smiled down at him before looking up. &quot;Please,
  come in.&quot;  
 Azrael was pleased to see how well they looked, all things considering. &quot;Greetings.
  Is there still room for Vincent and myself, or have you changed your mind and
  plan to keep that delightful boy all to yourself?&quot;  
 &quot;You are always welcome in my bed, Master.&quot; Michael pulled away
  from Joseph, shushing his whimper. &quot;I'm not going anywhere, Cain. I know
  what condition you are in. You are safe, relax.&quot;  
 &quot;Megel?&quot; David still couldn't believe he had been invited.  
 &quot;You too, Vincent, join us. He needs to be allowed to see that you
  still love him, and that I welcome that love.&quot;  
 Both Azrael and David removed their clothes, David almost ripping his from
  his body. &quot;May I?&quot; He reached for his Fledgling, his Childe.  
 &quot;Wait, I have something I must say to him, first.&quot; Michael pulled
  Joseph up and held him in his lap. &quot;Cain, I want you to listen to me.
  Hear what I have to say, with both our Sires present to guarantee that I live
  up to it.&quot; He motioned for them to come and join them on the bed. &quot;Azrael,
  will you stand witness to my word? Vincent, will you hear it?&quot;  
 &quot;Always. I have never known you to break it.&quot; Azrael smiled down
  at Joseph as David's soft reply was almost drowned out by his.  
 &quot;Then hear me, pet. Yes, I will always love you. No matter how much
  I love my Chosen, my soon-to-be First-Born. I will never begrudge you the love
  that you so desperately need. You've been denied it for far to long. When I
  take you, I swear this, though you will be forced to desire to please me in
  all things, I will never force you to love me. That will always be yours to
  give or hold as you choose.&quot;  
 &quot;I hear you, Megel, and stand witness.&quot; Azrael's voice was soft
  as Joseph broke again, huddled sobbing in Michael's lap. &quot;Poor, heart-wounded
  Childe. Your master will help you to learn to live again. I will support you
  as much as he does as long as you live within the walls of my lair.&quot;  
 David watched Michael with Joseph, amazed at the lightness of his control.
  David knew what slavery meant for his kind. He knew what Michael could demand
  of his Fledgling. Yet, something didn't make sense. &quot;Megel?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, Vincent?&quot;  
 &quot;Answer a question for me. What will happen to Cain, tonight? Just
  so I know what to expect when I rise tomorrow. I have seen slaves before, killed
  a couple when I cleaned up my,&quot; he stopped. &quot;Azrael's territory.&quot; He
  ran a hand through his hair. &quot;I know what happens. Are you attempting
  to whitewash it all for Cain's peace of mind? Because, if, you are, you're
  doing him an injustice, he knows what will happen, he knows what is expected.
  Don't lie to him.&quot;  
 Michael nodded at him. &quot;You are right, he does deserve to know the
  truth. I have told him the truth. As long as he gives himself freely, does
  not fight me in any way, I will leave his mind, his identity, and as much of
  his will intact as I can. His only command, other than acknowledging those
  who are master and mistress, will be to please me. He must, and will, strive
  to please me as best he can, for only when I am happy will he, be. Nothing
  more, he will be blood-branded with my mark so that all will know that not
  only is he property to a Vampyr, but to an Elder who will take a dim view of
  anyone harming him. He will wear a collar and be at my beck and call. Nothing
  more, I will not take his name, his mind, his feelings or joys. I will protect
  him as surely as I protect Jason or Amber. I will finish his training so that

  when I do free him he will not be crippled, and I will do this all because
  I am impressed with him and would not be the one to take such a promising Fledgling
  and clip his wings.&quot;  
 David was stunned. He had never dreamed that anyone could be so kind. Sharra
  might have, but he always saw her in a different light from others of his kind.
  Perhaps she wasn't, perhaps this was the way all Elders were, &quot;but.&quot;  
 &quot;You dealt with Renegades and Rogues, Vincent.&quot; Azrael motioned
  him to join them. &quot;Sharra did you a disservice by never allowing you a
  chance to observe how others who are trained live. Forgive her, for she has
  cause to distrust. But not all of us go mad with age.&quot;  
 &quot;Your oath, Megel, give me your oath. Cain will not end up like those
  mindless things I killed.&quot;  
 &quot;You have it. On my oath, should his breaking cause that, I will kill
  him myself. I will not leave him a cripple. I have already sworn this to him.&quot;  
 Azrael shook his head as he pulled David into his lap. &quot;Enough. We
  will discuss this no more. The boy knows what is coming. But for now, let us
  enjoy the pleasure he has been promised.&quot;  
 David reached for him. &quot;Cain?&quot; Pulling his Childe close as Michael
  released him. &quot;Ssshh, don't cry.&quot;  
 Joseph pulled David's face to his bared throat. &quot;Please, now.&quot;  
 David's fangs extended, but he didn't move. &quot;Megel?&quot; He had walked
  that road once tonight. He wasn't about to go down it again.  
 &quot;Go, share your love with your blood. I plan to do the same with my
  Sire. He is free for now, to love who and how he wills.&quot;  
 David moved, pulling away from Azrael, pushing Joseph back on the bed. &quot;Drink,
  baby.&quot; He thrust his wrist forwards against Joseph's fangs as his own
  sank into the flesh of his throat. Linking the two together as they both fed.
  Sharing the joy, the purest ecstasy, becoming one in a fashion that transcended
  feeding, and linked them soul to soul.  
 Michael knew what his Sire wanted, even as the Elder leaned back against
  him. It had been more than a thousand years since last he had held him like
  this. But his body reacted as if it had been only yesterday. And when his hands
  guided the one creature he loved more than anything, more than even his own
  life, down, filling him with his own maleness, he felt the joy that he had
  missed. &quot;Now,&quot; he whispered, brushing the hair from Azrael's neck
  before letting his lover capture his wrist.  
 He never felt the pain as Azrael sank his teeth into his wrist. He was lost
  in the sweet power of the blood that filled his mouth. It was the truest form
  of lovemaking that two Kin could ever share, to join both physically and by
  blood. He could die now and go happily, but death was not to be his. No, life,
  was all the sweeter and he drank as the pleasure stole his mind and he lost
  himself in the bright white light of joy.  
 Two vampires could, if they were so inclined, do this for hours. But the
  intensity of the pleasure soon became vulnerability that only a few would willingly
  open themselves to. That was why only those who were either true lovers or
  Sire and Childe ever blood-bonded for more than a brief moment. It laid everything
  open, left nothing hidden, exposed strengths as well as weaknesses. Minds,
  hearts, and souls merged until soon the two no longer knew who was who anymore.  
 David held his Childe, amazed at the strength with which the younger vampire
  loved him. He didn't deserve it. &quot;You're almost free of me, lover,&quot; he
  whispered. &quot;I feel it, it is only a matter of days now and your transformation
  will be complete.&quot;  
 &quot;No.&quot; Joseph cried. &quot;I got four more months before I have
  to stop. A year, you said.&quot; What would happen when he no longer needed
  to feed from David?  
 &quot;I said about a year, sometimes more, sometimes less. I think your
  body had to compensate for the fact that I never was able to give you all you
  needed.&quot;  
 &quot;It's too soon.&quot;  
 &quot;I can't help it. I'm not even sure that you couldn't stop now and
  live.&quot; He knew how much the first break hurt. He had lived through it
  with Anna just a few years ago. &quot;I'm sorry, baby.&quot;  
 &quot;No.&quot; Joseph couldn't accept this now. &quot;Don't say that. If
  you--if I--please. Don't, not yet.&quot;  
 David held him. &quot;I'm sorry, Joey, really I am.&quot;  
 Michael pulled himself out of the pleasure-dulled daze he was in at the
  pained sound of his new slave's voice. &quot;Cain, what is wrong?&quot; His
  voice thick, his eyes still lost in the haze of the bonding.  
 &quot;Please.&quot; Joseph was frantic. &quot;Don't say it, please, Davy,
  don't!&quot;  
 &quot;Vincent, why is your Childe hysterical?&quot; Azrael pulled away from
  Michael.  
 &quot;He is coming off his need for me,&quot; was all Vincent would say. &quot;It's
  only been a little over eight months, but.&quot;  
 Azrael was confused by both their fears. &quot;But that is good. It means
  the bond was well taken. It does not always take a year. Megel only fed from
  me a little over six months before his connection was set. This is not something
  to fear, it is a joy.&quot;  
 &quot;Cain.&quot; Michael knew where his fear was. &quot;Come here, precious.&quot;  
 &quot;Please tell him he's wrong. Please.&quot; He moved slowly, hating
  to be separated from the one person he loved more than life. &quot;Please,
  Megel.&quot;  
 &quot;Look at me.&quot; Michael brushed the tears away. &quot;You're right,
  Vincent. The change is complete. Your Childe is one of the Vampyr now.&quot; Of
  all times for this to happen now was not it. &quot;Cain, don't carry on so.
  It is not the end of the world.&quot;  
 &quot;But he--&quot; Joseph babbled as Michael held him, stroking his hair. &quot;I
  can't change now. I've lost everything.&quot;  
 &quot;No, you have not.&quot; Michael's tone was sharp. &quot;Why would
  you say that? Now you have not only your love for your Sire, but you and I
  can be lovers fully and completely, as well as slave and master. Do you think
  me so cold as to forbid you any dealings with your love? I gave my word.&quot;  
 &quot;But I can't--&quot;  
 &quot;After tonight you were not going to be allowed to do more than feed
  from him anyway. In a way, this is a kindness. If you can't bond with him,
  the feedings would only make you want him all the more.&quot; Too much, too
  fast. The boy was too young for this. Michael was seriously worried for him
  now. &quot;It's all right baby. Really it is. You will see.&quot;  
 &quot;Perhaps I should leave.&quot; David tried to leave the bed, but Michael's
  hand restrained him.  
 &quot;No, Vincent. Leaving is not needed, Cain just doesn't understand,
  that's all. He is afraid that now he will be forbidden all but the briefest
  of contacts with you. The three of us need to come to an understanding, or
  I will have to take him from here to keep from destroying the peace of my Sire's
  home.&quot;  
 &quot;This is ridiculous.&quot; Azrael's voice was a study in disgust. &quot;There
  is not a pet or a slave in this house that is not available to any of my Kin
  here. Why would that change? The boy will, after tonight, have only one desire,
  and that is to please his master. Why should that interfere with anything he
  has with you?&quot; He gave David a look of utter contempt. &quot;Think about
  it. Every time one of your pets spends time with another, do you not feel it?
  Megel is much older than you are. His senses are more refined. So if Cain is
  dallying with another will he not feel the joy, be pleased with the pleasure
  that his slave feels and shares with him? Enough of this foolishness, it is
  the boy's last night of freedom. Let him enjoy it.&quot;  
 &quot;Cain, stop.&quot; Michael's voice held a desperate note. &quot;I promise
  you, as long as I live here, and long as Vincent remains, I will not forbid
  your love. I promise, believe me.&quot; If they weren't careful, this could
  crush the Fledgling.  
 David watched, silent, Joseph's pain his pain. &quot;Megel.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, Vincent?&quot;  
 &quot;Take him. If you are telling the truth and our love will not be forbidden.
  Take him, remake him as yours, and remove my mark. Do not make him stand-alone
  now. He is orphan, I claim Sire no more.&quot;  
 Michael nodded. &quot;I will, soon, but Jason is to be my First-Born. As
  soon as he is mine, then I will take Cain. I promise.&quot; He had wanted to
  wait before making Jason his  
Fledgling, but now he couldn't, and hope to keep Joseph from fading.  
 &quot;Why should you wait?&quot; Azrael reached out and stroked Joseph's
  hair. &quot;The boy would be adopted, not a true Childe of yours. He is Vampyr
  already. Vincent is right, take him. Your boy is not ready, nor should you
  rush his rebirth. If you are hesitant to do this, then let me. If the prospect
  of sharing him does not bother you.&quot; He smiled. &quot;I'm greedy. If I
  take the boy, then you will be forced to remain with me for quite some time.&quot;  
 &quot;No, I'm not hesitant to take Cain, nor do I need a reason other than
  love to remain with you. If my adoption would not deny Jason the position of
  first, then of course I will remake him. Allow him to carry my mark as well
  as my brand. But what of him?&quot; He pulled Joseph away, forcing him to look
  up. &quot;Cain? I would never force a Childe to do this, not one that is already
  Vampyr. But you need me now. The loss you have suffered is too great. I won't
  keep, you, from Vincent, you know that. Is there any other reason why you would
  resist?&quot;  
 Joseph looked at David, hateful pain in his eyes. &quot;You'd break even
  the last thread.&quot; His words were a hiss. &quot;I love you, David, have
  always loved you.&quot; Then to Michael, &quot;yes. If he doesn't even want
  to claim my birth anymore, yes.&quot;  
 &quot;Cain,&quot; David reached for him.  
 &quot;NO!&quot; The younger vampire pulled away, seeking what comfort he
  could from Michael. &quot;I'll be a slave soon enough, but not yet. You're
  free of me. You don't have to fake it anymore. You got what you wanted, you
  have Aaron, you, have Lilith. Don't lie to me anymore.&quot; His voice rose. &quot;You
  owe me that much, David. If I'm to be thrown, away, at least be honest about
  it. I'm going to be a slave, a, nobody. So you don't have to play nice anymore.&quot; He
  struck out, hitting David in the face.  
 &quot;Cain!&quot; Michael reached to restrain him.  
 &quot;No, Megel.&quot; Azrael laid a hand on his arm. &quot;The boy is not
  your slave, yet. You gave him his freedom for now. This is between him and
  Vincent. Let them work it out. If you do not, there will never be peace here,
  and I will be forced to drive one of you out.&quot;  
 David looked at Joseph, his face full of sorrow. &quot;Do you feel better
  now, Cain? If hitting me will lessen the pain I have caused you, feel free.
  But you are wrong. I do love you. I don't want to throw you away. If I thought
  you would heal, could go on like this, I'd fight Megel tooth and nail to keep
  him from breaking our final bond. Go against law, be sworn Renegade. But you
  can't. The very fact that you believe I would forsake you to this end proves
  it. My blood flows in your veins. You might be Michael's slave, but you're 'my
  Childe'  , you won't be a slave forever, we both know this. One
  day I would be able to claim you again.&quot; The tears flowed unchecked. &quot;Hate
  me if you want. I deserve it, for the mess I have made of your life. But you
  must accept that what I do now, I do out of love. Anything less would be a
  lie, and I have never lied to you. I might not have been able to give you what
  you craved, the love that you needed when I made you. But you knew that then,
  I never misled you. Why would I start now?&quot; He held out his arms. &quot;Hit
  me, beat me, I will never stop loving you and deep down, I will never stop
  hurting for what I have done to you.&quot;  
 Joseph threw himself at David, sobbing with pain and fear as his Sire, held
  him. &quot;I'm sorry,&quot; such a tiny voice. &quot;Don't cry, Davy, please.
  I'm sorry, I take it back, I love you.&quot;  
 David rocked him, lips pressed to his forehead. &quot;I know baby, I know.&quot; He
  looked at Michael. &quot;Don't hold this against him, Megel.&quot;  
 &quot;I won't.&quot; Michael smiled at him. &quot;Better he get this out
  now, before he is no longer able to.&quot;  
 &quot;He'll be okay, now.&quot; David lifted his chin. &quot;Won't you,
  baby?&quot;  
 Joseph pulled away, brushing the tears from his face. &quot;Yeah, I'm sorry
  I lost it.&quot;  
 Azrael chuckled. &quot;Don't be, Childe. All in all, you have held up under
  the pressure quite well. Vincent may have been reluctant at your birth, but
  believe me when I say this, consider well the honor it implies. Had it been
  I that you had sought the Gift from, I would have given it, freely and with
  joy. You do us proud. Vincent has no idea how fortunate he really is.&quot; His
  fingers tightened around the curve of Joseph's jaw as the younger Kin kissed
  his palm. &quot;Such a lovely Childe.&quot;  
 &quot;Cain.&quot; Michael's voice was a whisper. The caress of it made Cain
  whimper softly as he moved into the outstretched arms of his master. &quot;Be
  my Childe. Allow me to burn away Vincent's mark. If you do this--,&quot; he
  touched Joseph's cheek, &quot;then my Childe is all you will be. Give yourself
  up to me, all of you to my bloodline.&quot; Michael could feel the vibrations
  of Joseph's body as the boy trembled in his arms. His arms lifted to wrap around
  Michael's neck even as his fingers tangled in his hair. Pulling Michael's head
  against a bared throat. &quot;Call me Sire.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes.&quot; He sobbed as the pain of Michael's teeth lashed through
  him as they broke the skin. &quot;Yes.&quot;  
 David watched as Michael slowly laid Joseph down as he drained him, his
  heart breaking with each swallow of his lost Childe's blood. Joseph wouldn't
  be a slave now. For this, David was overjoyed. But never again would Joseph
  look to him with those great adoring eyes of his that seemed to light the room
  every time he called him 'Master'  . That devotion belonged
  to Michael now. &quot;He will be good to him right?&quot; He turned to Azrael,
  seeking comfort from the Elder.  
 He did not have to wait long. Azrael pulled him close, holding his head
  pressed against his shoulder, hand stoking his hair gently. &quot;Yes, Childe.
  My First-Born will guard his life as closely as he guards his own. I know his
  nature well. I created it.&quot;  
 Michael looked down at the boy beneath him. &quot;Are you ready?&quot; His
  voice throbbed with power. The blood burned within him. &quot;Be mine.&quot;  
 Joseph moaned weakly as again Michael's fangs sank into his flesh. But this
  time blood flowed back into his veins, granting him life.  
 This time was different. When David had given him the gift, Joseph had believed
  that nothing could ever touch the joy he felt. But now, as Michael's blood
  replaced David's and the mark of his power burned away the old, Joseph felt
  as if he were on fire. The strength of the blood was so much more that he had
  ever dreamed possible. It captured him, held his being in its glorious fiery
  grasp, bringing gasps and cries from him as he gained strength.  
 Joseph cried out, arms reaching to hold Michael to him as his new Sire pulled
  away. &quot;No.&quot; He, burned now, hunger was everything. He had been given
  enough to make the transformation, but not enough so that he was up to strength.  
 &quot;Relax, Cain.&quot; Michael gathered him slowly, twisting to pull the
  boy, his Childe, into his lap. &quot;You were already Vampyr. Too much of my
  blood, unprocessed, straight into you veins is not good.&quot; He smiled down
  into beautiful brown eyes that looked up at him with worship and need. &quot;You
  must feed, now, precious. Finish the bond, take from me.&quot;  
 Joseph caught a hand full of Michael's hair, rubbing it between his fingers
  before burying his face in it. Relishing the long silkiness of it, the smell,
  the texture; his body pressed against his new master's, his Sire's, his every
  gesture one to offer homage to the power that held him now.  
 &quot;Now, Childe, feed, I feel your hunger.&quot;  
 His body shook with the first sweet, hot, electrified drops that touched
  his tongue. It was life. It was heaven. His mouth drew greedily, filling with
  huge, inferno-hot infusions. It was the most exquisite pain. It burned him,
  bringing every nerve alive, tingling through his entire body, drawing him closer
  to becoming the very force that radiated from his Sire.  
 *My Childe, *  the soft whispered thought touched
  him as Michael opened his mind to him, linking them together more fully. *The
  cycle is complete. You are my Childe. *   
 *Sire. *   Joseph's arms tightened as he pressed
  himself even further into the body of his master. *Father. *   
 *Yes. Sire. Father. Friend. *   His heart burst
  open with joy as the final barrier between them fell and the two became one, *Lover.
  *   
 Azrael watched tears of pride and love on his cheeks. His First-Born, his,
  most, precious of all children, was a Sire now. The circle had been completed.
  And even though he know he would feel pride beyond measure when Michael finally
  gave the gift to Jason, thus creating his first true Childe, it would not move
  him in quite the same way as his Childe's love and wisdom moved him now. &quot;Try
  not to weep, Vincent. It is complete now, and it is beautiful.&quot;  
 And it was. David felt the pain lessen a little as he watched the two, his
  sight picking up more than any mortals as he watched the brilliant light of
  their essence throb in unison, as Joseph's blood and line finally became Michael's.
  Joseph had been changed fully. No Vampyr would ever be able to tell that Michael
  was not or had not been Joseph's first and only Sire. &quot;He'll call you
  Gramps if you're not careful.&quot; He smiled, just a little melancholy. &quot;Cain's
  like that. Evil sense of humor.&quot;  
 Michael felt Joseph withdraw. He moaned low enjoying the warm kisses and
  silkiness of his tongue, as they kissed. &quot;All better now?&quot;  
 Joseph looked up at him, eyes unfocused, face smeared with blood. &quot;Sire.&quot;  
 Michael bent, licking the blood away. &quot;Yes, precious, I'm your Sire,
  now.&quot; Eyes lifting to meet Azrael's &quot;Are you satisfied with my decision?&quot;  
 &quot;Completely. He will make a fine Grand-Childe. I am very proud of you,
  my son.&quot; He tightened the grip he had on David as the younger vampire
  hid his face in his hair, hiding from the pain he knew he would feel when he
  looked at Joseph again. &quot;So, what are you going to name your son?&quot; He
  hushed David as he moaned.  
 &quot;Cain is a good name. I have grown accustomed to it. He will keep his
  name, a permanent reminder of his first Sire and first love.&quot; He cupped
  Joseph's chin. &quot;Unless you want a new name?&quot;  
 &quot;No.&quot; The absolute goodness of his Sire amazed him still. &quot;I
  would rather you didn't, if you really don't mind.&quot;  
 &quot;Believe me, Cain, if I minded, you would know.&quot; He looked up
  at Azrael smiling, content and truly at peace again. &quot;So Azrael, first
  a covenstead, then a youngling, now a Grand-Childe, what could possibly happen
  next?&quot;  
 Azrael nodded, acknowledging the strides that had taken place over the last
  few days, as well as hinting with a look of plans to come. &quot;The mind boggles,
  my love. The mind boggles.&quot;  
EPILOGUE 
 The house was quiet. The monumental changes that had taken place between
  its walls over the last few nights had no effect on its tranquility. As far
  as the house was concerned, it was just another day. 
 Azrael lay in his private sanctum, body calming for rest, feeling the pressure
  of the sun on his fine sensibilities. Checking in on each of the members of
  his home. 
 Megel and his new one were quite happily lost in each other for the moment.
  It was a good match, for that he was thankful. The Childe wouldn't mourn his
  lost life much or often. Azrael had faith in Michael's ability to bring Joseph
  through this. 
 David had wept for a bit afterwards, but even that was healing. It hadn't
  taken much, just a bit of tolerance on Michael's part. Soon the haunted look
  in his charge's eyes would fade, and David would be at peace. 
 As for Anna; the girl was like every other female known to man. On one hand,
  she was overjoyed that Joseph was no longer a slave, yet on the other, the
  chit sobbed for hours over his loss. Azrael came to a conclusion; it didn't
  matter if a man was one hundred or one hundred thousand, no man ever really
  understood how a woman thought. 
 The rest were settled as best as he could expect after such an explosion.
  Poor Maria, his precious one felt guilty that she had not been present to keep
  an eye on David, sure that if she had not retired, had been present and doing
  her job, guarding all within his home, that she could have warned someone before
  David lost complete control. Again, like with Anna, it had taken forever to
  calm and console. 
 His mind sought his newest one, his mageling and Chosen. The boy was finally
  asleep. The excitement had kept him stirred for the rest of the night, until
  finally Azrael had to have him dosed with his special potion, just to see the
  boy relax. Trust a mage to let his own excitement push him into instability. 
 He smiled as he touched the boy's dreams. Oddly enough, they were as erotic
  as Jason's had been, which surprised him greatly. He had assumed that Torin,
  for all his willing devotion, would within himself be shy. If his dreams were
  any indication, shyness was not going to be something that Azrael was going
  to have to get him past. 
 Each touch pleased him more. His house was almost three times what it had
  been less than a week ago. But as his mind brushed and settled each soul within
  its confines, he was content to believe that it was all for the best. 
 And what was it he had jokingly said to Michael earlier, when asked what
  was next on his list of things to accomplish? 'The mind boggles'  .
  He chuckled to himself as he settled down preparing the summons that would
  sound out to all his kind, telling them of his presence and his aim. 'The
  mind boggles'  . No truer words were ever uttered, by Kin or kine.
  For, with the coming of a new day, he would commit himself to, an, act that
  defied the orderliness of his past years, and bring excitement back into his
  life, where for so long there had been only quiet. 
 Yes, the statement does indeed fit.  'The mind boggles'  . 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Veronica Leigh Marquette


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





