BDSM Library - Anally Deflowering Sue - A Deepest Fantasy




Anally Deflowering Sue - A Deepest Fantasy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sue had never had anal sex.  Her deepest fantasy is to be anally deflowered.  While masturbating, she escapes into her fantasy world.  In this world she is tied to the bed, bound face down on her knees.  Her breasts are punished and then her ass is entered with a large cock.  She is painfully taken in the ass.  After a brutal assfucking, she is forced to cum.
{ASSM}  ANALLY DEFLOWERING SUE-THE DEEPEST FANTASY {Powerone}
MF, nc, anal, reluc, humiliation, bondage.


----------------------------------------------------------------
Sue read one of my other stories and sent me an e-mail stating that her deepest
fantasy was to be anally deflowered.  I tried to get her to help contribute to
her story idea, but she declined.   This is still her idea but it is my
"concept" of what it meant.  If any readers (must be over 21 and female, sorry)
have a "deep fantasy" that they would like to see in print, e-mail me at
controlher@hotmail.com.  If the fantasy were along the lines of what I like to
write (non-consensual, rape, anal, oral, bondage and/or humiliation) I would
like to communicate with them.  If it works out, you could have your story and
name (pseudo name) in print.
-----------------------------------------------------------------




Anally Deflowering Sue-The Deepest Fantasy

	I am a 25 year old, redhead.  I live in an East Coast big city.  I am 5 feet
6 inches tall (in heels), long legs, large breasts (with nipples the size of a
half-dollar) and an extremely pert ass.  I am very proud of my ass and that is
the reason for my fantasy.  I exercise regularly, especially my ass.  My cheeks
are tight.  Between my cheeks, my anus is pink and delicate.  I take great pride
in my body, especially my ass.

I had dated the same man for the last five years, but suddenly I found out he
was cheating on my so I dumped him about 6 months ago.  I haven't dated since
than, not because I wasn't asked out, I just haven't gotten over the betrayal.  
This has made me particularly horny lately.  We had a fairly active sex life,
but it was more routine.  While we had sex often, I refused oral sex and anal
sex was a definite taboo.  Some of my friends had told me they had tried anal
sex (most did not get very far until they made their partner stop) but did not
like it because of the intense pain.  Even those that did finish refused to do
it again.  I guess the forbidden is what we are deepest fantasies are about.

I have resorted to masturbation lately to satisfy my lust.  My vibrator has
become my sex partner.  I would lie in bed at night, my vibrator gently rubbing
my clit as I dreamt of having sex.  My latest fascination was with anal sex.  I
often fantasized of how I would be anally deflowered.  While I would not do this
in real life, it often consumed my fantasy life.

I had come home from work, ate dinner and took a leisurely bath.  I put on a
shirt that covered my ass, no bra and panties and decided to go to bed.  Not to
sleep yet, but to masturbate again.  Masturbation relaxed me before I went to
sleep.  There is nothing more comforting than an orgasm. 

I lay on the bed and reached into the drawer to retrieve my vibrator.  If was
not very big, but when applied to my pussy lips and clit, it never failed to
satisfy me. I put my hands into my panties and began to gently stoke my pussy,
the vibrator becoming wet.  I closed my eyes and began to drift off into my
fantasy world.  I moved the vibrator further back toward my anus.  My body
shivered as the vibrator, wet from my pussy, played across my tight anus.  I ran
it around and began to push it in.  The tip slowly entered until I pulled it
back out.  This always happened.  I wanted to be anally deflowered, but was
afraid of the pain. The vibrator moved back to my pussy, slowly running up and
down my slit, moving over my clit.  I slowly began to fade off into my fantasy
world.

I felt hands take the vibrator from my hand and turn me over so I was lying on
my stomach.  My hands were grasped and I felt rope being tied around each wrist. 
First one wrist was tied to the bed rail, than the other.  The knots were tied
tight.

"Who are you, what do you want?" I cried, suddenly afraid.

"My name is Michael and you know what I want."

"No I don't, untie my hands and get out of here before I scream for the police"
Sue said.

"You wouldn't do that because it will not do any good.  I am here to fulfill
your fantasy.  I am here to anally deflower you".

"Please don't hurt me, I only dream about that, I don't want to really do that. 
Just let me loose" Sue begged.

"Sorry, but you made up the rules for this game.  The only way you can stop me
is when you cum.  Until that time, you are mine to play with," said Michael. 
"Let's get you into a better position".

Sue could feel him slide his hands under her stomach and push her up until she
was on her knees.  Her short shirt now just barely covered her ass, her breasts
hanging down.  She felt him tie more ropes around her thighs and he began to
pull her thighs open.

"Please don't, no more ropes," she cried as her thighs were pulled open. She
felt him first tie one rope under the bottom of the bed, pulling her leg wide
open.  He went to the other side of the bed and began to pull the other rope,
pulling her other leg wider and wider.  "No more, you are spreading them too
far," she yelled, but he continued to spread her open.  She could feel her ass
and pussy begin to spread open.  He tied more ropes at her ankles, tying them to
the corner of the bed. 

Tears began to run from Sue's eyes as she imagined how she looked. Her arms were
bound to the top of the bed.  She was on her knees, her ass invitingly open in
the air, her legs spread and tied to the bed.  She never felt so vulnerable
before. 

She watched as Michael began to undress.  Soon he was naked and Sue trembled in
fear when she saw his cock.  It was over 8 inches long and 1-2 inches in
diameter.  "Yes, it is very big isn't it, but this is your fantasy."

"Please, what are you going to do?" wailed Sue.

"I am going to fuck you in the ass, just like in your fantasy.  I will start by
sticking my fingers deep into your anus and rectum.  I will than begin a slow
but painful fucking of your anal tract.  You will be forced to take all eight
inches of my cock.  Once I manage to stretch you open, I will begin to
forcefully fuck you.  As I fuck you harder and deeper, I will begin to play with
your nipples and your pussy. When you are ready to cum, I will cum at the same
time, shooting my hot load deep into your asshole.  Only than will your fantasy
end."

"No, please, your cock is too big to stick in my ass.  Fuck my pussy instead"
she begged.

He moved onto the bed and began to run his hands down her back toward her ass. 
Her body trembled in fear.  She knew that soon she would be stripped naked.  He
moved his body over the top of her ass and she felt his hands move down toward
her breasts.  He grasped both of her breasts in his hands. The kneeling position
she was bound in allowed him free access to her hanging breasts.  He forcefully
grabbed each hanging tit, squeezing before his fingers began searching for her
nipples.

"OHHHH, that hurts, please not so hard, be gentle."

"You will soon learn that with pleasure also comes pain.  My cock and hands will
force your body open allowing me to pleasure myself in your ass.  As my cock is
squeezed by your silky insides you will be stretched wider and deeper than you
thought possible.  This will cause you exquisite pain. Eventually the pain will
mingle with the pleasure and you will cum with my hard cock up your ass, milking
the hot cum from my cock."

He twisted her nipples, making her gasp as he pulled her coral aureoles and
forced her stiff nipples to become erect.  She tried to move to escape the cruel
fingers but the tight bondage only allowed her to sway her swinging breasts back
and forth.  Michael began to milk her hanging tits, gasps coming from Sue's
mouth as he manhandled her breasts.  His fingers began to unbutton the shirt,
allowing his hands access to her naked breasts.  He pulled her shirt up over her
back.  Sue turned red in humiliation as he looked at her bound body, her naked
tits hanging down, waiting his punishment.

"No more, I am so embarrassed.  You are stripping me naked as I am bound here". 
She felt him cut her shirt from her body, she was now naked from the waist up
and only her panties covering her ass. 

"What a nice ass" and he again moved over her body so he could begin again to
tease her nipples.  She could feel his erection resting in the cleft of tight
ass cheeks.  He began to pinch and pull her nipples, Sue gasping in pain.

"OOOOWWW, that's too hard, Ouch, stop" she cried reacting to a cruel pinch of
her delicate nipples.  Her nipples grew harder and longer from his insistent
torment.  She began to buck under him, her face flush with shame and
humiliation.  Her ass moved sensuously against his cock, her panty-covered ass
caressing his cock, making it grow harder and longer. 

His fingers tightened on her rigid nipples and Sue winced in pain, closing her
eyes and crying out in pain as it became unbearable.  She cried out, "please,
that hurts so much" only made Michael tighten his grip harder and he began to
twist her nipples in a counter clockwise motion.  Sue trembled violently in
Michael sadistic grip.  If she could only endure the pain for a while longer, he
might stop. 

All of a sudden the pain in her nipples diminished.  She looked down and saw her
nipples pinched tightly in Michael's fingers, yet the immense pain she felt
before was almost all gone.  She realized that she was beginning to deprive
sexual pleasure from the pain.  She turned red in humiliation as she began to
enjoy the pain that was only a few minutes ago, sheer torture. 

Michael was watching Sue's reaction to his breast torture and noticed the change
in her demeanor.  He released his tight grip on her nipples and began to flick
her nipples with his fingers, acting like little floggers and pinched the pink
areola, Sue moaning and crying out little gasps of pleasure from the
manipulation.

	"I told you that with pain, comes pleasure," said Michael, Sue's ass rolling
sensuously against his cock.  He released his grip on her breasts, forcing a
groan from Sue as she felt empty.  He got off her back and kneeled up behind
her.  She began to regain her composure and she trembled at the idea of Michael
staring lustfully at her panty-covered ass.  She began to sob as his hands
returned to her helpless, bound body, this time moving sensuously over her ass
cheeks. 

	"Please no more" she begged.  His hands moved over her cheeks, squeezing the
flesh between his fingers moving lower between her legs to grasp and squeeze her
thighs.  Sue cried out in anguish as his hands moved toward her pussy.  He would
soon feel how aroused she had become when he felt her wet pussy.  Her hands
gripped the bed rail tightly as his hand moved over her pussy, pushing his
finger through her panty-covered pussy lips. 

	"OOOHHHH, please, don't, stop, AAAAAH, not my pussy" she moaned as panties
became soaked from her sexual stimulation.   Sue closed her eyes and breathed
through her nose.  She could not stop him from having his way with her, but she
was determined not to enjoy it.  Her resolve was quickly smashed as Michael
began to lower her panties down over her ass.  When he reached her tied thighs,
he cut them off, leaving Sue withering on the bed. 

	Sue turned red in shame and humiliation as she imagined how she looked,
bound face down, naked with her legs spread wide and her pussy and anus opened
for Michael to see.  His hands spread her cheeks wider and wider opening her
anus to his gaze.  He held her open for long minutes, staring at her pink anus. 
He wasted no time in continuing his ruthless ravishment of her body and she
could feel his breath on her anus and then suddenly she jumped in surprise as
his tongue began to bathe her naked anus. 

	His tongue began to bathe her body from her anus, down to her wet pussy,
lapping up to grasp her clit with his lips.  Her body shuddered and attempted to
escape the rasping tongue, but the cruel bondage held her in his grasp.  His
hands reached under belly and slipped up to grasp her hanging breasts.  Again,
his fingers began to grasp the erect tips of her nipples and began the milking
and massaging of her nipples.  Sue's body trembled in shame as she began to
react to her personal degradation at the hands of Michael.  His tongue continued
to move from her anus, to the gaping slit of her pussy to swipe at her clitoris. 
Sue was sobbing small cries as her ass undulated to the oral caress of Michael's
tongue. 

	His tongue left her body and again, Sue again felt empty.  He kneeled behind
her, bathing in the sight of this beauty, naked and bound before him. 

	"It is time to open your ass up.  I am going to start with my fingers. I am
going to stick one finger in you dry.  It will hurt, but I want you to bear down
on it and let it enter you.  You must get used to the pain.  Your anus will have
to open very wide to accept my big cock, but it was you that decided this."

	Sue's body shivered as has fingers moved over the cleft in her ass and moved
toward her exposed anus.  She attempted to clasp her cheeks closed, but the
spread of her thighs prevented it.  A sudden fear shot through Sue as she
realized the pain and humiliation of being fucked in the ass would be entail.

	His finger began to push against the clasping little opening of her anus.
The lewd anal contact with his fingers made Sue groan and attempt to squirm
away, but his finger followed her limited movement.  Sue gasped at the sudden
invasion of her anus, struggling in her bondage to escape; however the tight
ropes held her tightly.  Sue soon realized that there was no escaping the cruel
deflowering of her ass.  Finally, she relaxed her internal muscles, hoping to
ease some of the pain she knew she would be subject to. 

	His finger pushed in, probing forcefully against her elastic little anal
sphincter.  Sue moaned as the pressure increased and suddenly her tight anus
opened to the finger and his finger pushed relentlessly into her unwilling anus.

	"Oh no, Oh God, Not there please, its killing meeeeee!!!!! Aaaaahhhhhhhh"
she screamed as his finger rasped dryly up her anal tract.  Her cries had no
effect on Michael as he continued to plunge forcefully into her anus. His finger
reached deep into her rectum and began to twist her open. 

	The retreat of his fingers hurt just as much.  As soon as it reached her
clasping ring he teased it, forcing it to open wider.  "OOOOWWW, it hurts,
please" she cried. 

	"Beg me to grease up your ass and fuck it with my cock.  If you don't I will
stick two dry fingers in you."

	Sue moaned in shame and humiliation but she knew she must comply. The dry
finger hurt terribly and she knew that two fingers would be extremely painful. 
"Please grease my ass".

	"Beg me to fuck you with my cock up your ass," he said.

	"Grease up my ass and fuck it with your cock," she complied.

	Michael took a bottle of baby oil and poured it on Sue's naked ass.  He
began to run the oil over her cheeks, spreading the oil.  His fingers moved some
of the oil between her cheeks and over her anus.  Sue cringed each time his hand
moved over her naked anus.  The next time his oiled finger pushed quickly and
deeply into Sue's clenching anus.  His finger began to ream and probe her
rubbery, virgin channel. 
 
	"OOOOOWWW, that hurts, OOOOHHHH" she cried as the finger burrowed deep into
her rectum.  Her body shuddered from the cruel ravishment of her ass.  His
finger withdrew and again sank deep into her rectum, drawing gasps of pain from
Sue.  The next time two fingers sank deep into her, stretching her tiny anus to
spread wide.  "OOOOOOW, that's too big, take them out, it hurts, OWWWWW", cried
Sue. 

	His fingers pushed deep into her rectum and stopped.  Sue trembled in pain. 
She waited for the inevitable.  She knew that he would open them deep in her
ass, stretching her open for the ultimate rape of her ass by his cock.  She felt
the fingers opening deep in her, spreading her rectal walls.  She screamed in
pain but Michael's fingers continue their ruthless stretching.  Her breathing
became shallowed as the fingers began to withdraw, stretching her open as they
withdrew.  They clasped together when they reached her grasping anus but again
expanded her anal tract as they forced deep into her body.  Sue shuddered in
pain.

	Michael withdrew his fingers from her ass and stared at her open anus. He
fisted his cock and pushed forward, resting his hard cock on her tiny anus.  It
looked like it would never fit into her tiny body.  He knew that Sue would feel
a lot of pain before he managed to force the whole eight inches of cock deep
into her ass. 

	Sue looked over her shoulders and saw that Michael was readying his cock to
deflower her anally.  She gripped the rails tightly, waiting for the initial
tearing of her anus as she was forced to accept his big cock.  Michael began to
push into her anus, using all of his weight to force his cock into her.  Michael
braced his hands on her back to brace him and Sue's clasping little asshole
began to open to the crown of his cock.  With a giant thrust, his cock entered
her clasping rectum. 

	The pain overwhelmed Sue.  Michael's rough anal entry forced a cry of agony
from Sue's lips as her body tossed about attempting to escape the cruel rape of
her ass.  "OOOH, no, not in my ass, take it out, it hurts too much" she cried.  
She gasped as her ring began to ache and burn as he forced into her, stretching
her virgin ring. 

	"Now that's better, you're nice and tight.  Try to relax or else it will rip
up your anal tract."  She groaned and her body shuddered as Michael forced his
cock into her.  Slowly it rasped into her.  She felt her bowel spasm and throb
as it forced her rectum to accept its big size.  Her body jerked in pain as his
cock ruthlessly inched deep into her body.   He eased back out and than pushed
back in.  She tried to escape his cock as it slid deeper into her rectum, making
her belly ache and cramp, but he grabbed her shoulders, forcing her down on his
hard cock.

	Sue buried her head and grasped the rail as he rammed his cock deeper and
deeper up into her cramping bowels.  She had never felt such agony and she
begged and pleaded with Michael but he continued to force his cock deeper into
her body.  Her ass farted and squelched obscenely as he continued to pump his
cock into her ass.

	"OOOH  God, pleas stop, I need to go to the toilet, stop please" her bowels
cramping as he forced himself into her again.  As he pulled his cock almost out
of her, she was afraid she might shit herself.  She arched her back as he rammed
back in. 

	Michael grabbed her hips and began to push his cock in and out of her ass,
watching her stretched anus grip his cock as he spread her cheeks wide. He
forced her to roll her buttocks, massaging his cock with her silky insides.
"OOOO, UUUUHH" she moaned.  Michael relaxed her rectum throbs and spasms milking
the head of his cock.  

	Sue grunted with exertion and reclenched her cheeks to stop him but he began
to push back into her. 

	"I'm going to force my cock deep into your ass now and began forcefully fuck
you."  He watched her pain wracked face as he began to push his cock into her. 
Each thrust pushing deeper into her ass chute.  Sue thought it would never end. 
She pushed back, feeling her ass burn as his cock opened her ring even further. 
She cried out and her body jerked in pain each time it slid home each
gut-wrenching stroke.  Her head shot up and her back arched up in pain as his
cock stabbed deep into her bowels.  She grunted and moaned with each thrust, as
he took her harder and harder.  She struggled to accommodate his big cock. Her
body went rigid as he speared her viciously as she felt his cock pulse deep in
her rectum. 

	His hands reached under her ass and began to rub her pussy.  His fingers
found her wet and he pulled back the hood on her clitoris and began to pinch
it,forcing a groan from Sue.  "I'm going to make you cum.'

	"Ohhh, please, don't be long, it hurts so bad, I can't stand it, cum in me
and get it over," she cried. 

	"You're going to cum first or I will fuck you all day" and his fingers
continued to manipulate her wet pussy and clitoris.  Her ass began to push up
into his cock, forcing it deeper into her unwilling ass.  Sue grunted and
strained in pain as his cock rammed deeper into her.  He began to fuck into her
ass with rapid deep strokes, making her wince in pain with each unmerciless
thrust. 

	Sue began to feel the change in her body as his fingers continued to
masturbate her.  Even with the gut-wrenching thrusts deep into her rectum, her
pussy began reacting to pleasure.  She now began to fuck back, driving her hips
back into a slow circle as he shoved his cock up her ass hard.  Her head threw
back as she began to feel the first contractions of an orgasm.  Suddenly she
cried out and jerked rigid, her body exploding into a shattering orgasm.  She
rammed back against Michael's cock, forcing it deep into her ass.  She could
feel his cock grow bigger and stretch her anal tract wider as it began to cum
deep into her ass. Her body shuddered and she let out a deep groan as he shot an
enormous amount of cum deep in her clutching rectum.  She felt her colon quickly
fill with the hot cum.   Cum poured from Sue's throbbing pussy, soaking the bed.  	

	Sue lay there exhausted, her rectum aching from the cruel punishment.
Michael's pulled his cock from her anus.  She no longer had a virgin ass.  She
had been anally deflowered.  Her fantasy was now complete.

BBBBUUUUUUUZZZZZZ, the alarm clock woke Sue up.  She groggily opened her eyes,
remembering the erotic dream she had.  She had been taken forcibly up the ass
for another's pleasure.  In spite of the pain, she had cum.  She sleepily pushed
the snooze button for another half-hour and went back to sleep.

She found herself still bound naked on the bed.  She felt a body begin to spread
over her ass again and felt a hard cock begin to force itself between her
cheeks, forcing itself into the entrance to her anus again.  It felt huge.

"Is that you Michael?  I came, so the fantasy is over.  Get off of me," yelled
Sue.

"Yes, that is true, but this is a new fantasy.  I really like this one.  My cock
is over 12 inches long and 3 to 4 inches in diameter."

Sue screamed in pain as his cock forced her anus to open and he pushed his cock
deep into her rectum, making her belly ache and cramp.  




Anally Deflowering Sue-Part Two-Sue's Sexual Saga
M+F, FF, bd, nc, reluc, humil, anal, oral

	This story is the continuing saga of Sue.  In part one she is anally
deflowered.  Part two is the next day.  Her boss frames her for embezzling funds
from the company.  This is the story of what she has to endure to avoid
punishment at the hands of her boss and some crooked police officers.  They all
intend to use Sue sexually for their own pleasure, but Sue is surprised as she
is forced to cum for them as they humiliate her.   This story is written by Sue
Smith (spankme16@hotmail.com) and Powerone (controlher@hotmail.com). 
Copyrighted 2002.


	As the alarm rings, for the second time, a drowsy, naked Sue turns it
off. She sits up slowly, realizing that she aches from head to toe.  After a few
minutes of thought, she realizes that last night was not a dream...it really
happened!!!

	Standing in a hot, steamy shower, with a soapy sponge on her sore anus,
Sue smiles, recalling last night and the fact that she is no longer an anal
virgin.  It was better than any of her fantasies ever were!!!
	
	Sue closes her eyes, and fingers her wet, hot pussy. She only wishes
that she could have been able to see his face.  But, did the intruder know that
he was making one of her fantasies into a reality?  He seemed to know so much. 
But Sue never told anyone about her fantasies, just her diary, so how could he
have known?
	
	Sue's large breasts are tender after last night's abuse, as she puts on
a black lace bra.  She smiles.  Sue puts on a long-sleeved silk blouse, to cover
the rope marks on her wrists and a pair of thigh-high, dark hose to cover the
rope marks on her ankles.  As she smoothes out the seams, on the back of her
long, shapely legs, she remembers his hands running up and down her legs.  Sue
decides that she will be more comfortable in the office today without wearing
any panties.
	
	She puts on a long, silk skirt, with a slit up the left side. The
security guard in her office building enjoys watching Sue walk to the elevator. 
Sue likes the way her silk skirt feels on her naked ass as she walks across the
floor. Sue also likes the way the men watch her, although she would never admit
it.
	
	Sue has had to fight for every promotion she has gotten in this office,
even though she has a college degree. She deserved to be promoted to manager;
but instead the CEO brought in his son-in-law, for the job!  Now he is her boss
and he reminds Sue of that fact, every chance he gets!  He is always looking for
something to blackmail Sue with and he keeps saying that one day he will find
some dirt on her, and then he will own her...body and soul!!!
	
	As Sue steps off of the elevator this morning, her boss is waiting for
her. As he is leering at her, as usual, he asks Sue if she had a nice night last
night. Sue just gives him a dirty look as he grins at her. Sue thinks that all
those good looks of his are just wasted on him!
	
	Michael loved the look of Sue in that sexy silk skirt.  It clung to her
ass, showing that she was not wearing any panties today.  He had noticed that
she did this often and he always tried to catch a glimpse of her naked pussy
during those days.  Tonight he was going to get more than that.  He had been
planning to get Sue to become his fuck toy and today he would put his plan into
action.
	
	Over the weekend, while Sue was losing her anal virginity, Michael had
been planning her demise.  He had altered her accounting records for payments to
vendors and had set up a phony vendor with payments being made to it over the
last month.  All of the checks were deposited into a bank right around the
corner.  And guess whose account it was.  Sue's.  It now contained over $10,000
in deposits, a felony.  The account information was accurate, containing all
Sue's information, thanks to a $1,000 payment to an underpaid teller that
Michael had befriended.  Michael intended to confront Sue with this information
today and offer her an alternative to a jail term.  He even paid a police
officer to come to the office today (it only cost another $1,000 and the chance
to fuck Sue) to provide the realism to pull it off.
	
	It was almost quitting time.  "Michael, there is a Sergeant Wilson to
see you," Sue spoke through the intercom.
	
	"Send him in, I was expecting him," Michael responded.  "Sue, would you
stay a few minutes late today, there might be some information I will need from
you?"
	
	"Yes, that would not be a problem, just call me if you need me," Sue
responded.  It was strange that Michael had the police in the office.   I
usually know everything going on in the office.  I wonder what is the matter.
	
	"Everything is set up for tonight, Michael.  I even exceeded your
imagination.  The new police station was built right next to the old, small
jail.  I got keys to the old building, it only had three offices, an
interrogation office and two cells, but is still in good shape as the new
station has been only open for 3 months.  I had it cleaned up and I got us some
additional help, two more officers, one a female officer.  It cost another
$1,000 to get the place cleaned up and to get the keys, but the other two
officers volunteered to assist you without any pay.  Their only pay will be Sue. 
They want some time with her to fuck her.  It should be very interesting with
Officer Johnson.  She is gorgeous, but she has a liking for females, especially
reluctant ones.  That is one of the reasons she became a cop.  The power trip. 
I will arrest Sue and take her down to the jail.  I think we can keep her for at
least two weeks.  Can you cover up for her that long?"
	
	"You are just making my day, Jim.  I will have her on vacation for at
least two weeks.  I will follow you down to the jail in my car.  I want to be
there when you strip search her.  I want to see the little cunt's face as her
body is stripped and she realizes what she is in for.  With four of us, we can
keep her fucking 24 hours a day for 2 weeks and it should be interesting if all
four of us do her at the same time.  She will be a whore before she knows it,"
Michael with an evil grin on his face.  This is working out even better than I
had planned he thought.
	
	Sue was startled as Michael's voice rang out on her intercom.  "Will you
please step into my office for a minute, Sue?"  She was uneasy ever since the
cop showed up in Michael's office.  She did not trust Michael.  She stood up and
smoothed down her silk skirt, wishing she had worn something less sexy,
especially without any panties.  She went to Michael's office and entered.  The
cop was holding the door open for her, making her squeamish.
	
	"Sit down, Sue.  I have some questions for you."  He watched as Sue sat
in the chair, trying to cover her near naked legs as the skirt rode up high. 
His cock felt like it was going to burst out of his pants.  He couldn't wait to
get the bitch on her knees, his cock in her mouth.  He would teach her who was
the boss.
	
	Terror began to show in Sue's eyes as Michael slowly laid out the
embezzlement of funds from the company.  He let her see copies of the vendor
records, invoices and cashed checks.  He watched her chin drop as he passed her
the account form from the bank, neatly filled out with Sue's personal
information, and conveniently signed by Sue (Michael had a friend that could
forge anyone's names better than they could sign it).
	
	Sue began to stammer, not believing what they were showing her.  This
must be a trick by Michael or someone else.  It couldn't be happening to her. 
"This isn't my signature, someone must have forged it.  I didn't do this, you
know that don't you Michael?  I know we have had our differences, but you don't
believe it do you?" Sue begged, tears beginning to form in her eyes.
	
	"I have to go along with the proof in front of me, that is why Sergeant
Wilson is here.  I am afraid he is going to have to put you under arrest.  If
you are innocent, you will have a chance to clear yourself.  I must do what is
right for the company," Michael said, watching the act play out before him.  Sue
began to tremble when he mentioned arrest.
	
	Sergeant Wilson moved along side of Sue.  "Will you please stand up,
turn with your back toward me and put your hands behind your back?"  He pulled
Sue up by her arm, forcing her to stand.  He pulled her arms behind her back,
his handcuffs already in his other hand.  He snapped one wrist, pulled her other
arm tightly against the other and cuffed them together tightly.  He felt Sue
cringe in pain as he tightened them.  He wanted her to feel them.
	
	Michael's cock hardened as he watched Sue manhandled by Jim.  Her
breasts were thrust out as her arms were locked behind her back, the pained look
on her face almost making him cum.  He could wait to grab those tits.
	
	Jim read Sue her rights as she began to cry.  This couldn't be happening
to me she thought, but was brought back to reality when the handcuffs clicked
loudly on her wrists.
	
	"Would you follow me down to the jail to finish up the paperwork,
Michael?"
	
	"Of course, I will be right along," Michael responded.  Soon she will be
stripped naked he thought.
	
	"Come along, Sue.  If you cooperate, this will go better for you.  If
you try to resist, I will add the charge of resisting arrest.  You better learn
that you are under police control now and anything we ask you to do you better
submit to.  Any hesitation will result in additional charges being filed.  Even
if you are cleared of the original charge, the other charges will still remain." 
Jim pushed Sue in front of him, wanting to see her ass as she walked.  He loved
to see women in handcuffs.  This time, he would be able to take advantage of the
situation and Sue had a body that he was going to enjoy.
	
	Sue felt herself be pushed out the door to the waiting car.  If was a
standard unmarked car and she was pushed into the back seat.  Her short skirt
rode up her legs but with her arms behind her back she could do nothing to
prevent it.  She could see the cop leering at her naked legs, the skirt almost
riding up high enough so her naked pussy would be seen.  She tried to squirm in
the seat, but it did little to lower it.  The door slamming startled her, her
body tense from the ordeal.  She did not know what to expect, but feared the
worse.
	
	Michael followed Jim and Sue to the jail, rubbing his cock in his pants
as he thought of Sue naked, bent over, her pussy and asshole stretched open
during the strip search.  He could barely drive.
	
	Sue watched out the window as they drove past the new police station,
around the corner and entered the driveway that brought them to the entrance of
the old jail.  She did not notice anything out of the ordinary, more worried
about what was going to happen to her once she was inside.  She had seen cop
shows and knew about strip searches.  She was helpless, cuffed in the back of
the police car, unable to stop anything from happening to her.  She faced a long
time in prison if she could not prove her innocence.
	
	Jim pulled the car up to the entrance and quickly pulled Sue out of the
car and into the jail. He did not want anyone to see them.  He had control of
Sue for at least two weeks and he was going to fuck her as often as he could and
did not want anything to destroy his plans.
	
	Sue was pulled out of the car and into the jail.  The jail was sparsely
furnished.  She could see a number of offices and two jail cells in the rear.
	
	"Step to the interrogation room, Sue.  We need to get some more
information from you and to take care of some routine booking chores.  Officer
Johnson, will you join us?"
	
	Sue looked quickly into the corner, seeing a female officer approaching. 
Another officer was also sitting in the corner.  Even though he was seated, Sue
could see that he must be over six feet tall and had a very large, muscular
build.
	
	Officer Johnson pushed Sue into the interrogation room.  It consisted of
a wooden table and some wooden straight back chairs.  The first thing Sue
noticed were that the chair arms were worn, probably from handcuffed prisoners
being restrained.  The handcuffs were opened and she was forced down into one of
the chairs.  The Officer attached grabbed her arms and pulled them up over her
head and began to pull them down.  Sue felt the cuffs again being attached and
her wrists were now secured behind her.  The position forced her to arch her
back, her breasts straining against her silk blouse, the buttons threatening to
pop. 
	
	"Just relax, honey.  If you cooperate, things will go a lot easier for
you.  If you fight me or give me any trouble, I will become your worst enemy." 
Sue was already in considerable trouble and wanted to avoid any more.  She was
going to have to do whatever was necessary to get out of this mess in one piece
	
	Sergeant Wilson entered the room.  He liked the position Kate had put
Sue into.  He was definitely going to enjoy what Kate was going to add to the
party.  She would do a good job making sure that Sue was humiliated as much as
possible while in custody.  He began to question Sue, but Sue decided she did
not want to say anything until she could talk to an attorney.  Jim told her that
she would be able to make her phone call soon, but she was to be processed
first.
	
	"We are going to have to search you first.   Officer Johnson, would you
remove Sue's handcuffs?" 
	
	Sue felt the handcuffs being released and she stood up. 
	
	"Stand facing the wall, hands in front of you, spread wide.  Spread you
legs wide so I may search you."  Jim grinned, he would soon have his hands all
over this bitch. 
	
	"You can't search me, a female officer has to do it.   If you have to
search me, let Officer Johnson do it," Sue pleaded.  She did not want to do
this, never mind with a male doing the searching.
	
	"Officer Johnson only has to be present, I am going to do the search.  I
told you about giving me trouble.  Now either cooperate or we will force you and
you will be punished for being a trouble maker."  Jim watched as Sue thought
about the situation she was in.  "Are you ready to cooperate now?"
	
	Sue walked over to the wall and leaned in, spreading herself open for
the search.  Her arms spread out, her legs slightly open.
	
	"Spread your legs open wider," his foot pushing against the inside of
hers, forcing her to open her legs wider.  "Come on, a little more, you know how
to spread your legs, don't you?"
	
	Sue began to fear what they intended to do to her.  She did not like the
sexual innuendoes in his voice.  But, she obeyed and spread her legs wider.  She
could feel the cool air on her naked, spread pussy.  She now wished she had worn
panties this morning.  Soon they also would know.
	
	"Relax, Sue, Sergeant Wilson is very gentle.  Let him have his way and
everything will be all right.   He has to check you first for any weapons. 
After that we are going to do a body cavity search on you to make sure you are
not carrying any concealed weapons.  You don't want to make him angry.  He can
make it very uncomfortable for you."  Officer Johnson smiled.  She was going to
enjoy making Sue eat her pussy later.  It was going to be very enjoyable to see
her on her knees, licking her pussy. 
	
	Michael was watching from behind the one-way mirror in the interrogation
room.  He would visit after Sue was strip search and put into a cell.  He would
than give her the alternatives.  Until that time, he would have to be happy with
watching her humiliation and rubbing his hard cock.
	
	"Now stand very still while I search you," Jim ordered, moving behind
Sue.  His legs were placed inside of hers, forcing her to stay spread.   He
moved closer, his crotch moving against her out thrust ass.  He nestled his
erect cock so it pushed against the crack in her ass.  Sue began to move
forward, but Jim quickly grabbed her by the hips and pushed her ass back against
his cock.  "I told you not to move."  His hand smartly slapped her left cheek,
the sound ringing in the room.
	
	"OWWW, please don't, that hurts," she cried.
	
	"Than obey and remain in position.  It will only be more difficult and I
will be required to cuff you again."  He began to move his cock against her ass,
feeling the silk skirt rubbing his cock.  He could feel Sue's body shuddering as
she was forced to submit to the sexual abuse of her body by the police.  His
hands moved to her hair, running his fingers through her hair.  They moved down
toward her shoulders and he leaned forward, over her back as his hands moved
down the front of her blouse towards her breasts.  His large hands grasped her
breasts through the silky blouse, squeezing them tightly. 
	
	"OOOOHHHHH, don't touch me like that, you are suppose to be the police,
leave me alone," she moaned as Jim continued to manipulate her breasts, feeling
for her nipples, pinching her breasts.
	
	"You have nice full tits, Sue.  I bet you love it when men feel them up
like this, don't you?" his hands squeezing hard, forcing a groan of pain from
Sue's lips.
	
	"Yes, I love it, now please leave them alone, that hurts," she lied,
hoping to get him to leave her tender breasts alone.  They still hurt from last
night's ordeal.
	
	"I enjoy hurting your tits, Sue, they are so large, they are made for
abuse.  I bet you have large nipples," his hands continuing to squeeze her tits,
grabbing little pieces of flesh, hoping to find her nipples.  His fingers found
her nipples, already erect and hard from the abuse of last night and tonight. 
	
	"AAAAHHHHGGGG, you prick, not so hard, they really hurt," she yelled,
the pinching fingers tightening their grip on her nipples, pulling and pinching,
pulling her breasts up by the nipples.
	
	"Behave yourself or this could be worse."  Jim's hands moved down her
flat stomach and abdomen, moving toward her spread pussy.  He pushed his two
hands down and grasped her between the legs and pulled up, forcing Sue to
stretch up on her toes as his fingers dug into her pussy lips.  "Is that a naked
pussy I feel under your skirt, are you such a slut, that you don't wear any
panties?"
	
	Sue turned red in shame, watching as Officer Johnson grinned as she
stared at Sue's face, seeing the humiliation on her face as they found out her
secret.  She could not explain she did not wear any because she was anally
deflowered last night.
	
	Jim's fingers pushed her pussy lips back, Sue's silky skirt beginning to
get wet from being pushed into her spread, wet pussy.  "The cunts getting wet
from being stripped searched, aren't you, do you want me rub your pussy?" 
	
	Sue moaned, her body betraying her, her pussy getting wet from being
manhandled against her will.  It was just like last night, only worse tonight. 
There were more of them.  She realized that they intended to force her to suffer
indignities on her body and abuse her sexually.
	
	"That's enough, I don't want you cumming.  Turn around and face the
mirror.  I want you to begin to remove your clothes until you are naked.  Than
we will begin the internal examination of your body.  Remove your blouse first. 
Hurry now, we don't have all day." 
	
	Sue stared at the mirror, she could see her own reflection but she felt
like others were watching her.  She watched as her hands absently moved toward
the buttons of her blouse, unbuttoning them one by one, her black lace bra
slowly being revealed.  She pulled her blouse out of her skirt and unbuttoned
the last button, her blouse opening wide, her large breasts held high by the low
cut black bra.  She unbuttoned the cuffs and slowly pulled the blouse from her
shoulders and allowed it to fall to the floor.
	
	"You have very sexy tits, Sue.  Remove the bra, as much as I like it, I
want to see your naked tits."
	
	Sue was startled as she felt female hands brush against her back.  "I'll
help you honey, put your arms down," Officer Johnson, Kate's fingers moved to
the bra snap and quickly unsnapped it, the pressure of holding up Sue's breasts
now released.  Kate's hands moved to Sue's shoulder, pushing the straps down,
allowing the bra to slip to the floor.  Jim watched, his eyes widening as Sue's
naked breast came into view.  They were large, with dark brown nipples.  They
stood up high, with very little sag, even with their weight.  Sue could see
Kate's hands move toward them in the mirror.  "Put your hands behind your neck
and push out your tits for Sergeant Wilson."
	
	Sue obeyed, her breasts pushed high by the strain of the position they
forced her into.  She could feel Kate's hands moved over her side and push along
the sides of her breasts, moving toward her nipples.  Her nipples sprang into
hardness as soon as her bra was removed.  Partly from the coolness of the room
and partly from the excitement of being forced to strip for them.  The female
fingers felt strange as they plucked the nipples on her chest, grasping them
tightly, but strangely not hurting like when Sergeant Wilson had done it.  She
had never had a women touch her sexually before, realizing that she would
probably have to submit to Officer Johnson before they would release her.
	
	"Very good Sue, I am glad you are cooperating, we can be very nice to
you if you behave and cooperate," her hands continuing to move over Sue's
breasts, pulling and squeezing them, forcing the nipples to enlarge, giving Kate
a better grip with her fingers to squeeze them tighter, pulling her breasts out
by the nipples, stretching them.
	
	"Now the skirt, since you don't wear panties, we will get to see your
naked pussy.  Remove it and spread your legs wide," Jim ordered, watching the
humiliation return to Sue's face, as she would be forced to show her naked
pussy, spread wide.
	
	Sue unbuttoned the button and let the zipper lower, the silky skirt
falling rapidly to the floor.  Sue stood in the room, naked except for her
thigh-high, dark hose and shoes.  This made Sue feel more embarrassed, being
partly naked, her legs opening, her pussy lips pulling open from the strain of
the spread.
	
	She saw Sergeant Wilson move behind her, wanting to get a glimpse of
that spectacular ass they he had rubbed up against.  "Bend at the waist and
touch your toes," his hands pushing down on Sue's back, forcing her to lower her
upper body towards the floor.  He pushed harder, Sue's head now below her waist,
her hands grasping her ankles.  His legs moved between hers, forcing outwards on
her feet, forcing her to again to widen her stance.  She could feel the cool air
as her cheeks of her ass separated, the cool air blowing on her anus, goose
bumps forming on her shapely ass.
	
	"You have a great ass, but you know that don't you Sue," his hands
moving over her cheeks, "is it too cool in here, I can warm you up a little,
grab your ankles tight and don't move."  His hand was removed from her ass, but
quickly she felt the sharp sting as he slapped her right cheek, forcing her to
hold her balance, bent over and spread. 
	
	"OoOOWWWW," she cried, his hand again ringing out and snapping against
her other cheek, a red mark forming on her naked cheeks.  He rubbed his hands
over her now hot cheeks. 
	
	"Now that's getting hot, hold still again," his hand now beginning to
spank her harder and more often, first the left, than the right cheek.  Tears
began to fall from Sue's eyes as the pain and humiliation of being spanked like
a little girl taking the toll on her.  She had a hard time holding her balance
as her ass was continually spanked, the sound ringing out in the closed room,
the loud staccato of his hands slapping her naked flesh only broke by the
sobbing of Sue.
	
	Jim finished spanking her, his hands returning to massaging the hot
flesh, feeling the heat pour from her spanked cheeks.  He ran his hands further
down, between her spread legs, insulating his fingers between her spread pussy
lips.  His hands found Sue's pussy dripping wet, running down the inside of her
thighs, obviously the treatment they were submitting her to was making her wet. 
"You love this you cunt, your pussy is soaking my hand."  His hand moved up,
pushing her wetness between the crack of her ass toward her spread anus.  Jim
saw the redness around her anus.  "Have you been fucked in your asshole, Sue?"
	
	"Please, leave me alone," she cried, her body trembling as they
continued to humiliate her.
	
	His fingers moved over her swollen and red anus, rubbing her pussy
juices into her anus, slowly pushing his finger against her anus.  "It's time
for the body cavity search.  You are so hot now, you will probably cum as soon
as I enter you, won't you cunt?  Stand up and move over to the table.  I want
you to bend over the table and stretch your arms out in front of you," pushing
Sue over to the table, pushing down on her back again, forcing her breasts to
push against the cold table.
	
	Sue pushed her hands out in front of her and Kate grabbed the right
wrist and attached a handcuff to it and secured it down on the table leg.  She
did the same with Sue's left wrist before Sue could even protest.  She was now
forced high onto the table, her feet just barely touching the table, her ass
pushed up high.
	
	"Why do you have to handcuff me, please let me loose?" Sue cried out as
she felt hands on her left ankle.  Her ankle was pulled out, toward the table
leg as a handcuff circled her ankle and was snapped tightly onto it with a loud
noise.  A further tug on the cuff and she knew her leg was now secured to the
table leg. 
	
	Sue moaned as the hand reached out to her right ankle, spreading her
painfully wide as it was encircled with another set of handcuffs, the clicking
noise as it was ratcheted tightly onto her flesh.  It moved her open more,
spreading her legs open to reach the other table leg, the strain on her thighs
as she was spread obscenely wide.  She tried to imagine how she look from
behind, her legs secured wide to the table legs, her pussy and asshole spread
open, her ass pointing high into the air like she was asking to be fucked from
behind.
	
	She heard Officer Wilson and Sergeant Johnson murmur behind her, "this
cunt has a hot body, look at that pussy leaking down her thighs, she is going to
pop the minute I enter that hot pussy."
	
	She heard the lid of a jar being opened behind her and she braced for
what she knew was going to happen.  They were getting ready to lube up her
asshole.  She knew that her pussy didn't need any lubrication, she was supplying
more than they needed, but her asshole was dry.  Sue jumped within her tight
bondage as the cold Vaseline touched her hot asshole and a large male finger
began to play with her swollen and red anus.  Her anus was lubricated and than a
thick finger forced it open, opening her sphincter muscle to his finger as it
began to enter her.  She groaned in pain as she was forced to relieve her anal
rape of last night.  The finger continued its relentless push into her anal
track, moving over the surface, spreading the lubricate, preparing her for
bigger things.  The finger pulled back and than pushed in hard, knocking the air
out of her lungs as she was suddenly invaded up her backside.  It pushed in
deeper and twisted as it was again withdrawn.  The invasion of her anal track
began again, this time two thick fingers pushed in, spreading her delicate anus
open, her anal track forced wide as the lubricate allowed their swift push up
her asshole.  A finger pushed painfully against her anal tract, forcing Sue to
tighten her asshole on the finger in pain.
	
	"That feels good when you tighten your asshole on my finger, do it
again," his fingers jabbing into her delicate anal track, forcing another groan
of pain as the sharp finger tore into her, pain forcing her to tighten her
asshole again on the two thick fingers.
	
	"That hurts, be careful," she cried.
	
	"Than tighten your asshole when I tell you to or I will scratch your
insides to force you to do.  Now tighten on my finger," he ordered Sue, his
fingers pushing deep inside her asshole.
	
	Jim could feel her asshole clamp tightly on his fingers.  He would enjoy
it when his cock would be forced into her asshole, forcing her to squeeze the
cum out of it as he fucked her asshole.  "I don't know who fucked your asshole
before, but he sure taught you to how to do it right, your asshole is squeezing
my fingers to death."
	
	Sue suffered the indignation as the thick male fingers speared her
asshole, forcing her open.  He was humiliating her by forcing her to fuck back
on the fingers.
	
	Jim's fingers popped from her asshole, Jim watching as her asshole
stayed open from the fingering and gradually shrank back to size, now more red
and swollen from the finger fucking she had endured.  His hands roamed down her
shapely ass cheeks, between her legs and rubbed the inside of her thighs.  She
was wet, her pussy juice now soaking her thighs, forced by them to suffer the
indignation of being stripped naked before them.
	
	"Are you ready to cum for me, Sue.  Your are so wet, you will cum in a
minute.  I can tell you're really enjoying it."
	
	"Don't do this to me.  You are supposed to be the police, not abusing
me.  Don't make me cum in front of you.  Let me go, please, " Sue begged.  She
felt his fingers move toward her pussy, spreading her pussy lips open, a thick
finger running up her slit, now soaked in her pussy juice.  He pulled her pussy
lips further apart, stretching them painfully open and Sue moaned, not so much
in pain, but in pleasure.  She needed to cum so bad.
	
	Jim pushed one finger deep into her cunt, spearing her on his finger,
her body gripping the finger deep into her body.  He could already feel her
beginning to shudder in ecstasy as be began to finger her, first with one
finger, than a second one joining the first, spreading her pussy open.

	Kate moved up near Sue's head, pushing her hands under her body,
reaching for Sue's breasts.  She found the hard nipples and began to pull and
pinch them, forcing groans of pain from Sue.  "Can you cum for us, Sue, you love
this don't you, Sergeant Johnson's fingers are soaked in your pussy juice, come
on Sue, cum on his fingers."

	Jim had three fingers in Sue, her spread legs unable to close on the
fingers and trap them.  Jim grabbed her clit with his other hand, pulling back
her clit hood and grabbing the pea sized clit with his fingers in a tight grip
and began to pull it, while his fingers continued the masturbation of Sue. 

	Sue trembled as she was masturbated against her will, bound naked and
bent over the table.  She was trying to stop her orgasm but the pain mixed with
the pleasure was too much for her to control and she began to scream as the
biggest orgasm overtook her body.

	"OOOOOHHHH, GGGGGOOOODDD, please, don't stop," she screamed as her body
was fighting to get lose from the handcuffs holding her spread on the table. Her
pussy tightened on the fingers as she orgasmed.  Her body trembled as another
orgasm overtook her, her body shaking as Jim continued the ruthless masturbation
of her pussy.  One finger reached back and pushed deep into her asshole, forcing
another orgasm to overtake Sue as she was now had fingers in her pussy and
asshole, stretching her open.  Her nipples were beginning to pain from Kate's
fingernails as they tore at the delicate flesh.  Four fingers pushed deep into
her pussy and two fingers stretched her asshole open as the last and most
powerful orgasm overcame her, her screams of pleasure filling the tiny room. 
Sue slumped in her bondage as the waves of pleasure filled her.

	Jim removed his fingers from her pussy and asshole, both hands covered
in Sue's hot pussy juice.  He moved in front of her and pushed his fingers to
her mouth.  "Suck your own pussy juice, Sue, see what you taste like.  If you
like it, maybe Officer Wilson will let you lick her tonight."  His fingers
forced her mouth open, making Sue suck his fingers, two of them having being
shoved up her asshole.

	Sue cringed from the taste of the mixture of cum and shit but continued
to suck and run her tongue over them, washing them clean as she was ordered to
do.  Jim removed his fingers from her mouth and wiped them clean using her hair.

	"You're a real cum slut, Sue.  I like that.  Maybe, I will have to see
how many times I can make you cum.  See if you can ever be satisfied," Jim
smirking as her slumped on the table, spent from the masturbation.

	"Take her to her cell, Officer Wilson.  Let her clean up first."  Kate
released Sue's handcuffs, allowing her body to slump down on the table, just
barely enough strength to stand.  "That way, you won't need your clothes, I like
you naked and ready, now move Bitch."

(To be continued)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone Sue Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





