BDSM Library - The Meeting




The Meeting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story describes a meeting that didn't go the way one of the participants expected.
The Meeting

He contacted me a week before, we had previously talked at a computer conference
in NYC.  He said he was going to be in town for a couple of days and wanted to
talk to me about custom software he needed developed.  Work was really slow
since the dot com melt down and he offered me $500 just to take the meeting at
his hotel room.  I thought the entire thing seemed a little fishy, but I needed
the money and the work.   

I arrived at his hotel room, exactly on time.  I nervously knocked on the door.

He opened the door, looked at me and said "get in here".  I jumped a little, I
wasn't prepared for the gruff treatment.  He stood in the door way, I had to
walk side ways to get by, he didn't step aside to let me pass I had to walk
around him. 

Once inside I turned and looked at him as he closed and locked the door.  That
made me a more nervous.  I wanted to leave, but thought to my self I could
handle him.  Anyway I needed the work, any contacts from clients in the city
paid NYC wages.  In my area this was a great hourly rate. 

He stood between me and the door, there was one of those little hotel round
table to his the side.  He put a case on the table and opened it.  He took from
the case a large knife, box of condoms, a tube of lube, a glass and a belt.  He
turned to me looked me right in the eye and said "welcome to the interview now
strip!".

It took me a while to process this new information.  I mind stopped as it
processed this and I game to the realization what he had in mind.  I was
shocked, it never occurred to me that I would be naked or have sex with this
man.   After all he was a man, I don't do that with men, I'm straight.  It's not
that I have anything against it, it just never occurred to me.

My eyes scanned the room, the only way out was the door, the curtain was closed,
I looked at the table, then him.  The knife was in his hand.  I froze as I
looked at the knife and him.  He walked to me, I backed up until I was against
the wall.  I thought I could still control the situation but I was very scared,
my heart was pumping.  He moved his face up into mine and told me to strip again
or he would hurt me.

I was confused, not sure what to do, the next thing I knew my hands were
unbuttoning my shirt.  I pulled my shirt out, and pulled it off my arms, it
dropped to the floor.  He smiled at me as I humiliated my self. 

He moved his face close to me again and force fully said "everything", my face
was covered with spittle.  I jumped and undid my belt and pants while I kick off
my shoes.  I dropped my pants and pulled them off, my socks game with them.  I
stood there in my boxers, he gave me a stern look.  Please I said, I pleaded for
him to stop.  I was just afraid, I couldn't think straight, for some reason I
just did has he told me.


I groaned under my breath, my heart was moving a mile a minute, I put my thumbs
inside my boxers and pulled them down.  I stood up and tried to cover my dick
and balls with my hand..."hands at your side" he said. 

I reluctantly  lowered my hands.  My cock was rock hard, I blushed.  I could
feel his eyes moving over me, he told me to turn around.  Slowly I turned around
letting him view me completely.

He then looked me in the eye again and said he was not only going to fuck me, he
was going to humiliate me.  I couldn't figure what he could do that was worse
then fucking me.  I'm a straight guy, I had no interest in this.

He pulled a chair to the middle of the room and sat down.  Come here he said,
kneel at me feet and remove my shoes and socks he said.  I didn't move, "now" he
yelled. 

I jumped, moved towards him not getting any closer then I needed. I kneeled at
his feet and started untying his shoes.  I removed both shoes and then started
pulling off his socks.  I pulled them off, trying to touch them any more then I
had to. 

He was looked down on me with a sick grin on his face.  How I wanted to wipe
that grin off his face.  Then he said "Smell my feet" and he held his feet up to
my face.  I recoiled trying to get away.  Then I heard it before I felt it, a
loud slap.  He hit me with the belt.  He didn't really hurt, it was more for
effect.  I got the point, the next one would hurt.  I looked at him and moved
closer.  I pulled his feet closer and sniffed.   The smell was awful,  I tried
to move my face away but he slapped the belt on his hand make a loud noise. 

I submitted and did the discusting task he asked.  I actually smelled another
mans feet.  But he wasn't even close to done, "beg me to let you suck my toes he
said".  My stomach turned a little but I had no choice,  I knew I had to do what
he wanted. 

"please let me suck your toes" I said. 

He just looked down on my and rubbed his feet over my face, putting my noise
between his toes.

"please let me suck your toes" I said again.

Then he said "OK".  I opened my mouth and took his big toe into my mouth.  "suck
each one and lick between them" he said. 

I was defeated.  I sucked everyone one if his smelly toes.

He stood up and dropped his pants.  I was looking straight at his hard cock. 

Beg me to let you suck my cock he said.  Please no I pleaded, I can't. 

I saw him pull his arm back and I braced my self.  He hit with the belt again, I
jumped, this one hurt.  He hit me again and said "beg for my cock".

"Please let me suck your cock" I said.

"ok, you may suck my cock" he said.

I had never sucked a man's cock, but I slowly opened my mouth and he pushed it
in.  At first he just put the head in, then he grabbed the back of my head and
pulled me close.  His cock when down my throat, I started to choke and he pulled
out a little. 

I sucked his cock for what seemed like hours, but it was probably only a couple
of minutes. 

Then he pushed me down on to my back, stepped over my head and lowered his cock
and balls to my mouth.  I opened my mouth and he inserted his cock again.  I was
afraid he was going to cum.  I was sure I would puke when he did.

He then pulled his cock out of my mouth and push his balls over my face, smell
my balls he said.  I was completely broken at this point, I would do what every
he wanted.  So I sniffed his musky balls. 

Then he said to lick his hairly balls.  I opened my mouth let my tongue touch
his balls, I opened my mouth wide and one of his balls went into my mouth.  I
gently sucked on it and he groaned.  Part of my was happy that I gave my master
pleasure. 

I sucked each of his balls and completely licked his ball sack.

He then stood up and turned around and lowered his ass to my face.  "Please no"
I pleaded but he only said "shut the fuck up and lick my ass." 

I closed my eyes and started doing my gross task.  I completely licked his ass,
luckly it was clean so I didn't get any.  I pushed my tongue as far as it would
go into his ass.  He groaned and grounded his ass into my face. 

Then he stood up, walked over to the table, grabbed something and threw it at
me.  "Lube up your ass you fag" he said to me.

I groaned a little from both anticipation and dread.

"Please don't do this to me" I pleaded. 

He slipped on a condom.  Apparently I wasn't moving fast enough, he walked over
to me, grabbed the tube and greased up two of his fingers. 

"Spread your legs" he said. 

I opened my legs for him.  He put his hand between my legs search for my ass
hole and pushed his face up close to mine.

"You're mine" he said  "you'll do what ever I say". 

"Open your mouth" he demanded. I slowly opened my mouth. 

"Keep it opened until I say otherwise" he said

Then he closed his mouth worked up a good spit wad and let it drop into my
mouth. 

"Swallow" he said. 

I closed my mouth and swallowed him. 

His fingers were exploring my ass hole.  I was lubed and ready.  He rolled me
onto my stomach and mounted me. 

"No, No please no" I said as I tried to push him off.  He was to strong, he
pushed me down and mounted me.

My ass was tight, he told me to relax and push like I was taking a shit.  I did
as my master demanded.  I groaned as he pushed his cock into me what seemed like
a lot.  He stopped, then said "hang on" and pushed his cock in the rest of the
way.  I groaned as I felt his pubic hair touch my ass.  Then he pull it almost
out and slammed it home again.

I fucked me long, hard and deep.  Finally when I thought he would never finish,
he pulled out of me.  I groaned from the shock of the withdrawal.  He rolled me
over onto my stomach and pulled off the condom.  He move up and push is cock
onto my mouth.  It take long until he exploded into my mouth.  The first shot
when down my throat, the second coated the inside my mouth with his seed.  I
started to gag on his sperm as I swallowed him. 

He pulled out wiped his cock on face.  Thanks he said, he collected his cloths
and went into the bathroom.  I laid on the floor in shock, I heard the shower
running.  I couldn't move, I just layed there.

He came out of the shower still naked.  Walked over to me.  Took on of his feet
and pushed his toes into my mouth.  I didn't care I just sucked them.  Then he
straddled my face again, his cock was inches from my lips but it was soft.  At
first I didn't understand what he wanted. 

He told me to open my mouth and swallow or else.  I did has he wished, he just
stared off into space for a few minutes. I was confused, so I just lay there
with my mouth open.  Then it happened, at first a little dribble.  Swallow it
all he yelled!  Then the dribble turned to a stream, he was peeing in my mouth. 
I was mortified, but I kept my mouth opened.  Reluctantly I swallowed, but there
was too much it spilled over my face.   He stopped and got up.  I guess he
couldn't pee any more because his cock got hard.  He glabbed the class off the
table and went into the bathroom. 

I was gaging on the floor, I couldn't believe someone just urinated in my mouth. 
A couple of minutes later he came out of the bathroom with the class in his
hand.  There was a yellow liquid in there, at first didn't know what it was, but
then I realized. 

"No, No, no get away from me", I said. 

" Get over here or I'll though you out of the room naked" he said. 

"No I can't" I said.

"He looked at me and told me he would throw me out of the room naked and you can
explain to everyone what happened.  How you sucked my cock" he said.

He was right, I had no choice, so I got to my knees and crawled over to the
table and picked up glass.  I planned on just gulping it down quick, but the
bastard told me to take my time.  He wanted to be sure I tasted it as it went
down.

I took a mouth full and swallowed.  Each drink gaging and almost vomiting. 

As I finished his cock go hard again.  He walked over and pushed it into my
mouth and began to fuck my mouth again.  It didn't take long, his balls
tightened and he shot another load down my throat.

He got up, tried him self off, dressed and left.  Before leaving he said  took
out a wade of money and threw 5 $100 bills at me.  He thanked me for the
consultation and said if I wanted some more work I should call him.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  FGarvey


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





