BDSM Library - Twighlight Zone




Twighlight Zone
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young Jennifer thinks she's walking into her dorm building, but in fact, she's just walked into the Twighlight Zone. The young girl's body ends up curvier than Jessica Rabbits, with a real tiny waist, flarring hips, and huge, gigantic tits. She has also been transformed into a sexual creature, just a step below a nymphomaniac. The story goes through her trials and tribulations in The Twighlight Zone.
                       The Twilight Zone
(M+F, FF, F/Machine, Solo, Breast Growth, Body Modifications, Beast)

******************************************************
WARNING:
This story is fiction, and should be treated as such.
The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY,
and contains descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are not an
adult, or reading sex stories upset you, DO NOT read any further.
If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read it.

This is a copyrighted work.    Copyright 2/12/2001 by Ted E. Bear
Reposting or any other use of it is strictly prohibited without the
express, written permission of the copyright holder, except that it
may be posted as part of a  review or posted to a free-access,
noncommercial archive sites.

DISCLAIMER:
All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone either
alive or dead is purely coincidental.

Please!        Give me your comments!

Email to "Ted E. Bear" tedebear690@yahoo.com
******************************************************




                    Chapter One - The Morphing


Jennifer was a college freshman on the cheerleading squad.  Back in high school she was the
captain of her schools squad.  She was a stereotypical cheerleader, voluptuous, blue eyes and
blonde.  One morning, as she was returning from class, she stepped into the Twilight Zone.

She entered her dorm, like every other day, but today there was absolutely no one there, not even
the person who was supposed to be manning the desk.  As she walked toward the stairs, her
clothes began to become invisible.

"What the hell?" she exclaimed as she noticed she could see right through her clothes.

Moments later as she was running up the stairs, she was totally naked.  Jennifer was panicking.
What was going on?  But she continued running for her room.  As she reached the landing of the
third floor, she could feel her body itself begin to grow in places and shrink in others.  She ran
faster.  Luckily, or so she thought, she hadn't run into anyone, so no one had seen her in the stairs
or hallway running around naked.

As she ran from the stairs to her room, she could feel her breasts flopping with each step that she
took.  Looking down, she saw that her breasts had to be almost twice as big as they were when
she walked into her building and her nipples too.  She fumbled with the lock but eventually
opened the door, jumped into her room and slammed the door shut behind her, locking it. 
Throwing her books down, she quickly went over to her mirror to see what else had changed. 
She couldn't believe what she was seeing.  Her body now looked more like a cartoon character,
like Jessica Rabbit, the Disney cartoon, or Annie Fannie or Playboy fame, than a human being. 
Her boobs now had to be at least a F cup, probably bigger, although very firm.  Her fully erect
nipples had to be at least half an inch across and two inches long. Her waist was so waspy thin
that she knew that her organs must really be messed up.  Although her hips flared out from her
impossibly tiny waist, they were still relative thin.  Her arms, legs, feet and hands were all very
shapely and perfectly proportioned to the rest of her body.  Her ass was world class, sitting high
on her back side, jutting out dramatically between her back and her thighs and the deep, wide
chasm separating her ass cheeks didn't exactly come together, therefore showing off her tiny dot
of an anus, and really allowing her pussy to be visible from behind.  Her crotch was now
completely devoid of any hair, her pussy lips seemed thicker and fuller, and her clit had grown
until it stuck out between her pussy lips, looking like a miniature penis.

After seeing these changes, she fell onto her bed and had a real good cry.  When she finally got
up, she decided she better get dressed, before her roommate returned.  She went to her lingerie
drawer and the only thing there was stockings, lots of sheer, sexy stockings, not pantyhose,
stockings.  Next she went to look in her shorts and t-shirt drawer.  Instead of shorts, it contained
micro-mini skirts that didn't look like they would cover much and the t-shirts were even worse,
they were all very short crop tops, tube tops, halters, some full t-shirts with very daring plunges
that would expose a lot of her now gigantic tits and they were all transparent or semi-transparent.

She picked out a black skirt and put it on.  Just as she had suspected it fell just a couple of inches
below her crotch.  It dawned on her that it was as if it were tailor made for her new body as it fit
snug in the waist and while it was tight in the hips, it wasn't overly so.  She then put on one of
the blouses that should at least reach her skirt.  The bright yellow blouse fit her like a second
skin.  It had short sleeves and like a wrap, each side crossed over her huge tits, but it was cut so
low and wide in the bust that most of the tops of her huge tits was exposed. She looked in the
mirror and while this one happened to be only semi-transparent, you could easily make out her
now puffy areolas and erect  nipples, which tented the garment dramatically.  It was better than
being naked, but not by much.

She then went to her closet to look for shoes and was shocked to find that they were all six and
seven inch stiletto heels. Since she couldn't walk around bare foot, she picked up a pair of six
inch shoes.  She knew that she couldn't wear them without stockings, so she picked up a pair of
sheer black ones with a fancy design all the way up the outsides of her legs.  She rolled the self-
supporting stocking up her legs, surprised that they ended right at the joint of her thigh and
crotch.  She then slipped her feet into the sky high heels.  She had never worn anything higher
than two inches before this, and was amazed that she had no problem walking in them, especially
since only the ends of her toes were flat and the angle of her foot to her toes was really drastic. 
While she could feel her calves, thighs and ass bunch up, due to the fact that she was up on the
tips of her toes, it wasn't too uncomfortable.
Suddenly, a strange looking dildo appeared on the bed next to her.  It was very long and very
thick and covered with nasty looking rubber bumps all over it.  Sticking out of one side of the
dildo was a shorter, narrower dildo, with ridges running around the circumference evenly spaced
up the entire length of its shaft and sticking out of the other side at the very bottom was a little
circle with tiny, sharp looking triangles.  She couldn't stop herself from picking it up and looking
even closer.  All of a sudden it dawned on her, the smaller dildo would penetrate her ass while
she fucked herself with the dildo and as she jammed it fully into her cunt, the little circle with it's
triangles would irritate her clit.

Again she couldn't stop herself, she just had to try it out.  She lay back on her bed, pulled her
skirt up to her hips, spread her legs wide with her knees bent and her feet almost back to her ass. 
She rubbed the head against her already wet twat to lubricate it and began pressing it into her
cunt.  Although she had given up her cherry as a freshman in high school four years ago and had
plenty of sex partners since then, her pussy felt awfully tight as she tried to insert the huge dildo
into her pleasure pit.  Slowly she worked it in and out of her pussy, going a little deeper with
each inward thrust.  It wasn't long before she felt the second dildo try to press into her butt.  That
was still virgin territory. She had never let anyone put so much as a finger in there, but now she
had this yearning, this burning desire to have both holes filled at the same time and even her fear
of the pain that she knew would come with anal penetration couldn't stop her.

Both dildos had anatomically proportional prick head at their tips and as she pressed the tip of the
anal intruder against her rosebud, her sphincter gave way, opening wide to accept the offering. 
Jennifer screamed in pain as she was stretched out beyond belief but did not slow her in and out
strokes now driving both dildos deeper into her body.  With dildos in both of her orifices,
separated by just the thin membrane between them, she could feel the dildos rubbing against each
other inside of her body.  The two orifices also became tighter, as both were filled to the
maximum.  She could feel every bump on the dildo in her twat as they massaged the slick,
velvety lining of her pussy and the ridges on the one in her ass.  In addition, the ridges were
forcing her sphincter to open wide as they passed through her sphincter and then the sphincter
would snap shut on the valleys between the ridges.

Even before she had the dildos half of the way into her, she had her first orgasm, one that made
her shriek with delight as her whole body shook so hard she swore that it must have loosened her
teeth.  The orgasm had another affect on her, it made her want to pound the two dildos in even
faster and harder, and so she did.  While she was still in her orgasmic high, the two dildos
bottomed out, causing the little circle with it's sharp little triangles to mash up hard against her
elongated clit.  This set off an even larger orgasm than the first as she yanked the twin fuckers
from her body.

The sensation of all those ridges, as they were forcefully yanked out through her sphincter,
making it open and close continuously set her off again when only the tips were still inside of
her.  The power of her orgasm forced her to shove the long, thick phalluses back inside of her
two fuck holes and as the little circle mashed against her clit again, she went off again like a
rocket.  Unbelievably she kept this up for an hour, staying in a constant state of orgasmic bliss as
she pounded the twin headed dildo rapidly in and out of her cunt and ass, coming at each extreme
end of her strokes, and then she passed out from exhaustion and too much pleasure.

She awoke with the two massive dildos still buried fully inside of her.  Her bed was drenched
with her juices and the room smelled like a French Whorehouse.  She grabbed a towel and a
wash rag and headed towards her door to use the common bathroom down the hall.  She cracked
the door, hoping that no one was around.  The hall was deserted, just as when she came in, so she
quickly scooted down the bathroom and washed herself off.




             Chapter 2 - Gang Banged by the Homeless

After returning to her room to get rid of the towel and wash cloth, she decided that she better get
out of their before anything else happened to her today.  Again she didn't see a soul as she
walked down the hall to the stairs, down the stairs and out of her dorm building.  She thought
that was strange, but when she got outside, there still wasn't a soul walking around on the
normally busy, large campus.  As she didn't have a car, she walked over to the bus stop and with
in a few minutes the bus was there.  There was no one on the bus, other than the driver, who
leered at the virtually naked teen, looking her up and down evaluating her body.

Jennifer blushed as she put her money in the slot and moved to sit down.  For some strange
reason, even though she felt uncomfortable around the driver, she sat in the first seat across from
him, facing him.  As she sat, her already short skirt hiked itself up almost to her crotch.  Then
instead of forcing her knees together or crossing her legs, she sat with her legs spread fairly wide
apart, giving the bus driver a perfect view of her now hairless pussy, whose lips were still
swollen, red and slightly parted.  Her nipples never did loose their erect state and pressed out as if
to escape, trying to tear holes in her blouse.  

Jennifer didn't know why she had gotten on the bus, nor even where she was going to go, but
during the entire ride, no one else got on and the driver kept looking over at her and leering like
he'd like to stop the bus, take her in the back and rape her.  Other than a hello when she got on,
neither said another word during the entire trip.  Five minutes into the trip, she was getting hot
again and reached into her blouse and slipped both of her huge tits out of the garment as she
began to seriously stroke and fondle her breasts while pinching, pulling and twisting her nipples,
much to the bus driver's enjoyment.  She kept this up until she suddenly stopped, put her hooters
back into her skimpy blouse, and got up saying, "This is my stop."

She got out and looked around.  She had no idea why she had gotten off the bus there.  She knew
that she was in a run down section of the small college town's down town section.  Most of the
buildings there were boarded up and the homeless slept in this section at night, and it was getting
dark.  "There are no movie theaters, shopping areas or restaurants near by, so why did I get off
here?" she thought to herself.

Unable to come up with an answer, she began walking, not even knowing where she was going.  
Her huge tits, didn't have the slightest sign of sagging.  The bottoms didn't even rest on her chest
like most large breasts do. Instead, they stuck straight out from her chest as if held up by some
invisible bra, making them appear even bigger than they were because they were so firm.  As she
walked, she could feel her unsupported mammaries bouncing, swaying and jiggling with each
step that she took, and worse, the high heels made her ass swish noticeably to the right then the
left, as if she were a hooker looking to pick up a trick.  That, combined with the way she was
dressed made her feel as if she were the biggest slut in the world.

She came to an alley and turned in.  In front of her where all sorts of make shift cardboard shakes
where the homeless lived.  As she walked by the first one a man peaked his head out and stared
up her skirt.

"Ya know ya ain't wearing any panties?" the wizened old man asked, almost politely.

Jennifer stopped, spread her legs wide apart and looked down at him as his eyes bugged out of
his head.  She smiled nicely down at him and asked seductively, "Like what you see?" and then
thought to herself, "Why would I ask a bum like him such a question and give him such a good
show?"

"Yeah!  Women, especially pretty young things like you usually look down on me as a failure
and a no good bum." he replied.

Jennifer was quickly going over all the strange things that had happened to her today in her head,
when she suddenly she said, "I don't look on you as a failure and a no good bum." and then
asked, "When's the last time you had a piece of ass?"

"Maybe a year ago or longer." he replied.

"How would you and your friends like to have a go at me?" she responded.

"Are you putting me on?  Playing a nasty trick on an old, homeless man?" he asked cynically.

"No I'm serious." she replied.

"Are you a whore?  How much is this going to cost?" he asked, still cynical.

"No I'm not a whore and I won't charge you a cent." she replied.

"What's the catch?  I got move to another city?  Are you a cop who's going to throw me in jail?"
he said, still not believing her.

"No catch. You don't have to move and no I'm not a cop." she said, pulling her blouse up over
her head as she removed the garment.

"Damn!  You sure do have big tits honey!"  The man exclaimed starring right at her naked tits.

By this time, she had unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt and was beginning to wriggle out of it. 
When the skirt was off, leaving her standing there in just her stockings and high heels, she asked,
"Well, are you going to invite me in?"

The man couldn't believe his good fortune and replied, "Damn lady, get your naked ass in here
before you get us both arrested!"

Jennifer crawled into his makeshift shack and lay down on her back on a pile of his dirty clothes,
which he used as a mattress.  The man was filthy, unshaven and hadn't brushed his teeth in ages.
He quickly unzipped his pants and pulled out his already hard cock.  Although he wasn't huge,
especially in comparison to the dildo she had fucked herself with that afternoon, he was bigger
than any man who had ever fucked her with about an eight inch uncircumcised cock.  He quickly
rolled between her wide spread and pulled back legs and shoved his cock into her as quickly as
he could, so she couldn't change her mind.

"Ooooooooooffffffffffffffff!" Jennifer grunted as the air was knocked out of her as the man slid
his thick cock fully into her slick passage in one thrust and dropped his entire weight down onto
her small frame.

"What the hell am I doing letting this bum fuck me?" she thought to herself , but in spite of her
thoughts of disgust, her body was quickly matching the man's erratic movements as her pussy
grasped and released the man's substantial prick over and over again.  The last time he fucked a
woman, it had been another homeless person like himself, and he had cum almost as fast as he
had put it into her.  This time, it was like he was Casanova himself, fucking the gorgeous, big
chested teen into three orgasms before dumping a substantial amount of cum into her cunt.

When he did finally unleash his seed into her, he collapsed on top of her out of exhaustion, but
four hands quickly grabbed hold of him and yanked off of the girl and out of his shack.  Every
man who lived in the alley had heard their conversation.  Not believing their ears when she
offered to fuck him and "his friends", they didn't put much credence in to it until they saw her
strip down naked and crawl into his shack.  Then they all quickly congregated outside of the
shack as their friend nailed this gorgeous teenaged beauty, but now it was another man's turn.

As the first man was pulled out, the next man undid his pants, pulling them down slightly as he
kneeled between the girl's still spread and pulled back legs.  He grabbed his cock as he leaned
down over her and in one thrust he too hilted himself fully into her once used cunt.  His cock was
slightly smaller and thinner than most of the cocks Jennifer ever fucked, but she noticed that she
could still feel it stretching her out some.  "Damn!  Even my pussy tube was changed!  I thought
it felt tighter!" she thought to herself as she unconsciously matched the man's irregular rhythm,
fucking him right back.

There were twenty men in that alley and she fucked everyone one of them as if he were the first
one, although her pussy may have gotten a little looser and much sloppier as each man dumped
him load into her milking twat.  She had two or three orgasms with each man and no one lasted
less than three minutes, most more than five.  With each orgasm she would squeal like a stuck
pig and then fuck the man fucking her even faster and harder and when the man would cum, it
always set her off again as her pussy milked the poor man until it couldn't get another drop.

After the first round of getting fucked, she offered them all another shot, this one in her ass.  To a
man they all accepted her offer.  The man whose shack it was, of course was the first to stick his
dick into her ass, the first dick to ever do so.  While her ass wasn't virginal, having fucked it
earlier in the day with the dildo, it was still a tight fit and painful each time the first three men's
cocks entered it.  Once they got going, the pain in her anus quickly died and was replaced with
extreme pleasure, causing her to experience many more orgasms.  And just like when they fucked
her, each man was able to hold off enough to give her a good ride, giving her an orgasm or two
before they came inside of her butt and again she would cum as they sprayed their seed inside of
her ass, making her ass milk their cocks past getting all of their cum out of all of their dicks.

Jennifer was one happy little cum bucket.  She was in orgasm heaven as the twenty homeless
men banged her again and again and again.  After taking them on once in each hole, she offered
to keep on fucking them until no one wanted any more.  Some of the men wanted another shot at
her pussy, others wanted another shot at her ass, while still others wanted to fuck her tits or have
her suck them off.  For the next two and a half hours, they double teamed her most of the time
with one man in her cunt or ass while another had his dick in her talented mouth and throat.

Jennifer had been quite a cock sucker in high school, but back then she didn't deep throat her boy
friends.  Tonight, the college freshman was taking everyone into her throat, as if she'd been
doing it all her life.  She didn't gag.  She hummed around their pricks making them vibrate.  She
even was swallowing, which made her throat muscles milk the prick inside of it.

The homeless men didn't want to look a gift horse in the mouth and said nothing derogatory
about what she was doing.  They also kept trying to get their pricks back up, as they knew they
didn't often get an opportunity like this.

It was well past midnight when Jennifer, cum all over her body, her cunt, ass and throat sore
from over use, finally got up and got dressed.  Most of the men had gone back to their cardboard
shacks and fell asleep in exhaustion already.  The few remaining thanked her and told her to
come back for an encore any time.  She was not only exhausted but thoroughly humiliated,
having put out for all these men like such a whore.  

Again she felt like the biggest slut in the world.  She was dressed like one, cum was leaking out
of both her cunt and ass coating her thighs with a thick coating of their combined love juices and
cum was drying everywhere, her face, her hair, her chest, her belly and her back.  Because of the
long hours of keeping her thighs spread wide, she could even feel that she was walking funny.

"How am I going to get home?" she thought to herself, realizing that the buses were no longer
running.




                    Chapter 3- Mechanical Rape

As when she got off of the bus, she had no clue as to where she was going when she suddenly
opened the door to an old warehouse.  Not seeing any one around, she called out, "Hello!  Is
anyone here?"

The place was dark and empty, her query reverberated through the empty building.  She walked
on, exploring the empty building.  Ten minutes into her exploration, something grabbed first her
right wrist, then, moments later, her left wrist and lifted her off of the floor.

"Who's there?" she cried out, "Let me down!  I didn't bother anything!"

No one replied but she felt her blouse being cut away from her body from behind and then her
skirt.  Jennifer screamed out in terror.  She was now naked again and it appeared that she was
about to be raped. She still couldn't see anything other than the metal arms, which ended in thick
metal cuffs around her wrists.  Suddenly four more of these arms and cuffs appeared, closing one
cuff each just above her ankles and her knees.

Whatever and whoever it was now had her but good.  The lights came on and she could finally
see.  There was nothing in front of her or to either side, so she looked behind her and saw a rather
large machine that sort of looked like a main frame computer it was so big.  This was the source
of the six arms that now held her in it's grasp and more arms were coming from the machine
towards her.   Jennifer screamed, then fainted.

When she finally awoke, hours later, she was sort of floating in mid-air, held in place by the
machine's arms.  Her arms were stretched uncomfortably high above her head, and her legs were
forced wide apart and back, opening her pussy and ass, leaving them extremely vulnerable.  Tight
bands were wrapped around the base of her huge tits, squeezing them so tightly that they looked
like overfilled balloons about to burst and they became a dark purplish-red color.  Two more
arms had what looked like test tubes on the ends over her nipples and were sucking so hard that
her nipples hurt and were even longer now than they were after her metamorphosis, close to fifty
percent longer and thicker.  Another of these test tube arms was also between her legs sucking
hard on her elongated clit.  Although she couldn't see it, she imagined that it too was now longer
and thicker than it was when she walked into the building.

As if seeing her awaken, suddenly three other arms shot out of the machine, and on the ends of
the these arms were unbelievably huge dildos.  Just as Jennifer opened her mouth to scream, one
of the dildos entered her mouth, quickly moved to the back, pressed into her throat, and began
rapidly fucking her mouth and throat.  It was oozing a sticky substance that tasted remarkably
like cum.  In just a split second after one entered her mouth, another entered her cunt.  This one
was obviously well lubricated as it easily slid up her fuck tube, pressed through her cervix and
then up her uterus until it gently bumped into the back wall of her womb.  Then it too began
rapidly fucking the poor bound teen.  A split second after the dildo entered her cunt, yet another
easily entered her ass as it too was well lubricated and traveled deep inside of her before it too
began it's rapid fuck rhythm.  This would prove to be the longest, fattest object ever in her anal
tract.

Moments later, while Jennifer was getting her three holes well fucked as well as her nipples and
clit well sucked over a dozen thinner arms with pads shot out, landing on her other most
responsive points of her body such as just below and under her ears, behind her knees, on the
insides of her thighs just below their joint with her crotch and many other spots.  As soon as they
were attached all over her, the machine started shooting low voltage shocks to those points in a
random sequence.

Jennifer couldn't keep up, her body was in sensory overload.  She could feel an orgasm
approaching and just went with the flow.  What else could she do, under the circumstances? 
Once she had her first orgasm, the machine fucking her, and otherwise stimulating her body, kept
her in a constant state of orgasm.  She could feel every so often the sensation of the dildos
"cuming" inside of her cunt and ass, and every so often, the one in her mouth would back out
until just the head of the dildo was inside of her mouth, then it too would shoot off inside of her. 
While she didn't know what the substance was inside of her cunt and ass, there was no mistaking
the taste and texture of cum in her mouth.

Jennifer lay there in a semi-conscious state, constantly cuming herself as her cunt and ass
constantly bore down, then released it's hold on the dildos that were fucking her better than any
man ever could.  She had no clue as to how long she was there being used as a fuck toy for this
maniacal machine but she did realize that occasionally she'd loose consciousness and then regain
her consciousness some time later.

Suddenly, the machine stopped fucking and otherwise stimulating her body.  First the electrode
pads came off and the arms retracted into the machine, then the "test tubes" were painfully
removed, causing Jennifer to shriek in pain, and those arms retracted into the machine.  Then the
bands around her now almost black tits loosened and those arms retracted into the machine. 
Moments later as the blood began to flow back into her tits, she first felt a needles and pins
feeling, quickly followed by excruciating pain, making her shriek in pain again.

When she finally calmed down, the dildos in her cunt, mouth and ass were slowly, almost gently
extracted and those arms too retracted into the machine.  A new arm shot out of the machine, this
one had what looked like an enema plug on the end of it and Jennifer began screaming, "NO!
NOT AGAIN! OH PLEASE DON'T!"

But her pleas were in vain, the needle pressed into her sore ass hole and she could feel warm,
almost hot water flowing into her bowels.  Another arm shot out of the machine with what
looked like a dildo sized version of an enema needle, plugged itself into her cunt and she could
now feel her vaginal tract filling with water.  Both devices had formed perfect seals, trapping the
water inside of her.  She could feel her belly stretching as it filled with water.  Her womb was
stretched to the maximum and evidently that one shut off, but the one in her ass continued filling
as her guts cramped badly.  That one didn't stop until she looked like she was seven or eight
months pregnant.

The machine kept her like this for what Jennifer guessed was an hour, as her guts churned and
cramped non-stop.  Finally, the one in her pussy was removed and the water gushed out of her
sounding like water flowing from a fire hydrant.  When the water finally stopped flowing, the
enema need was forced back into her and she was filled up again.  When her cunt was filled, the
water stopped flowing and the other needle was removed from her ass.

After a loud, smelly fart, the water gushed out of her ass, filled with her shit as the pain lessened
and relief set in, she went right into another orgasm.  When the water eventually stopped flowing
from her ass, that needle too was reinserted and her bowels began to be filled with water again,
not stopping until she again looked very pregnant.  This process was repeated a total of four
times, each time she had to suffer through an hour of stomach churning and cramps.  Also during
this time, arms with "hands with fingers came out of the machine and massaged her breasts,
shoulders, thighs and belly.  The belly massaging seemed to somewhat lessen the cramping and
worked the water in real good.

When that part of the ordeal was over, Jennifer did in fact feel better and more relaxed.  After the
massaging hands and the two enema needles retracted back into the machine, another arm
appeared, with what looked like a fire hose, complete with nozzle.  It began washing down the
already wet floor (wet from her pussy juices and it's lubricating liquids).  Once the last of the
standing water swished down the open drain, another arm came out holding a large heated fan,
which blow high volumes of hot air on the floor, quickly drying the concrete surface, leaving
slightly damp when it too was retracted back inside of the machine.

Then the arms holding her in the air moved to set her down.  Her cut off skirt and blouse were
placed on her as best as possible and in the blink of an eye, you couldn't even tell that they had
been cut off of her.  Jennifer's legs were a little wobbly, unable to support her own weight, the
massaging hands returned and massaged her calves and thighs until her strength returned, then
completely released her.

The machine said in a near human voice, "You have been here for three days, six hours and fifty-
two minutes and forty-three seconds.  You experienced 10,189 orgasms.  Most of your bruising
will disappear within two day.  You might be a little sore for a day, and you were treated with
drug that will remove any remaining pain in your vaginal and rectal passages within a couple of
hours.  You are free to leave and thank you for coming"

Jennifer was surprised that after she wasn't even able to stand just a few minutes ago, that she
was able to walk so easily as she quickly headed for the exit.  She walked back to the bus stop,
across the street from the one she had arrived in this creepy neighborhood at.  Within two
minutes, a bus pulled up.  As the door opened, it was the same driver who had brought her here.  

"Well!  Hello again!  You look as slutty as ever!" he greeted her as she climbed up into the bus.

Again he leered at the virtually naked teen, looking her up and down evaluating her body.  Again,
as she put her money in the slot, she realized that no one else was in the bus except for her and
the driver. Again she took the first seat across the aisle from the bus driver, spreading her legs
wide apart to openly display her naked, hairless pussy to him and he kept glancing over at her as
he drove, openly looking right between her legs with a nasty grin on his face and licking his lips.
Curiosity was driving her wild, and she finally asked him, "What day is today?"

"It's Friday of course." he replied with a wicked smile on his face, almost as if he were in on
some conspiracy against her.

"Damn, I've missed out on most of four days!" she thought to herself.

As she got out at the stop nearest her dorm, the driver asked, "Would there be any chance of me
taking you out on a date, say to a motel room?"

Jennifer was surprised when she heard herself responding, "Yes, but not yet!" and knew that she
had given him a sweet, shy smile as she said it.




                Chapter 4 - Another Transformation


It was still eerily quite on the normally busy campus, especially for a Friday afternoon before a
big game on Saturday.  Not only didn't she see anyone walking around, she didn't see any cars
driving around either, nor heard the muffled voices coming from the campus.  "This is really
getting spooky!" she thought to herself as she entered her dorm building.

Again, no one was walking around, washing their clothes, watching TV or even playing in the
game room.  Jennifer idly wondered if she had stepped into another dimension or something as
she walked up the five flights of stairs, not seeing a soul or even hearing another person talking. 
She went down to her room, unlocked the door and went in.  To her surprise, with all the weird
goings on, her roommate was there.

"Jennifer where have you .... What the hell did you do, have cosmetic surgery?" Barbara asked,
her eyes bugging out as she took in the new body of her roommate.

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you." she replied and proceeded to tell her everything that had
happened to her over the past three and a half days.

"You're kidding me, right?" Barbara said when Jennifer finished telling her story.

"No, I'm not!  Everything happened just as I told you.  I mean look at this body.  Forget the tits
for the moment, which could be made bigger through surgery, look at my waist!  How could even
surgeons make a person's waist this tiny?"

Barb looked for a minute and then said, "I guess you're right, it's microscopic.  You look more
like the cartoon character Jessica Rabbit."

"Now let's go back to my tits.  If I had them operated on four days ago, since you saw me
Tuesday morning, wouldn't they?" Jennifer asked.

"Yea, from what little I know about boob jobs." Barb agreed.

Jennifer took her blouse off, showing her boobs which stuck straight out from her chest to her
roommate and said.  "Go ahead check them!  And while you're looking, see these bruises around
the base, that's where that damned machine wrapped bands around them, squeezing them tightly. 
There not quite even back to the right color yet!"

Barb looked her friend's knockers over, seeing the discoloration and the bruising at the bases but
couldn't find a solitary mark indicating that she had her breasts enlarged. As she examined her
roommates tits she exclaimed, "Damn Jenn, they're huge!  They stick out straighter than your
original ones did and my god will you get a load of your nipples, I've never seen ones that long
and thick before."

"Tell me about it.  Oh yeah, look in my closet and drawers.  I've now got a whole new wardrobe,
a slutty wardrobe to go along with my new body." she stated and broke down into tears before
continuing.  "I don't even have a bra or a pair of panties to my name any more.  No shorts, no
jeans nothing but really short skirts and slutty looking dresses with either real short skirts also or
slits in them that would expose me even more than short skirts would.  And all my shoes are 'sky
high' heels."

Barb looked through her friend's dresser and closet, and was shocked at the vastness of the
change of clothes style.  The only clothing that she recognized was the girls cheerleading outfits,
and even those looked as if they had been resized to fit her friend's new body.

"Between lunch and the time I got home, around four o'clock, there is no way you could have
changed your wardrobe this drastically in this short of a time without having had the clothes there
already and I know that you didn't.   This like something out of one of those weird sci-fi movies
or TV shows." Barb said.

As she said it, Barb began morphing into a new shape.  Unlike Jennifer, who stayed at the same
height, Barb who was three inches taller began to shrink from her five foot seven inches until she
stood at a bare five foot tall.  Barb had been on the skinny side of average with just a 'A' cup
chest, now she was a petite with a large chest, a 'D' cup, and had a noticeable ass for the first
time in her life, instead of the flat one that she had been cursed with.  Of course, while
noticeable, it still wasn't as big nor delectable as Jennifer's.

Just like Jennifer, her entire wardrobe had changed to suit her new body and whoever had
changed them, evidently liked slutty women, because like Jennifer, she no longer owned any
panties or bras and her clothes were just like Jennifer's only in a smaller size, even the high
heeled shoes were only four and five inches, instead of six to seven inches.

Suddenly, the two college freshmen stripped out of their clothes jumped into bed and began
making love to each other.  First they Frenched passionately while their hands explored each
other tits and cunts.  Next they sucked on each other's nipples while still playing with each
other's tits and cunts.  Finally they got into a sixty-nine position and ate and fingered each other's
pussies and asses to many orgasms over the next ninety minutes.

Physically exhausted, they stopped and lay in their beds for half an hour to recoup their strength,
then they walked, hand in hand, naked down to the communal bathroom to shower and shampoo
their hair.  Of course, neither washed themselves allowing the other to do it for them.  They dried
off and got dressed to go out.  Where they didn't know, but they were going out.




                   Chapter 5 - The Alumni Party


They took a cab to one of the wealthier sections of town.  There seemed to be a big party going
on at this mansion and they noticed a lot of out of town license plates, some from even out of
state.  Well tomorrow was the biggest football game of the year, it probably was a big pre-game
party, but since they hadn't been invited, they couldn't figure out why they had gone there, but
they got out of the cab, paid the driver, and then rang the door bell.

Imagine Jennifer's shock when another cheerleader, who also had been transformed into a
bimbo's body, answered the door wearing a mockery of a French Maid's uniform.  She had
obviously been molested as her hair was a mess and one of her tits was hanging outside of the
barely covering outfit.

"Oh Jennifer!  Hi!  Come on in!  The parties just getting started." the girl greeted her.

"Pam what's going on?  Why have our bodies been changed like this?" Jennifer asked the girl as
she and Barb walked in.

"Well, it seems one of the big alums is a wizard and he and his friends have a thing for young
girls.  So once a year, he changes all of the cheerleaders into bimbos and we have no way of
saying no to anything.  The older girls, such as myself get to be serving wenches.  He puts us into
these humiliating uniforms, which does nothing to cover the lower half of our body, leaving us
easily available for fucking at a moment's notice.  If our boobs come out of the uniform, we have
to leave them out on display for the rest of the party, and to make sure that someone will want to
take them out, all of our breasts right now are milk laden, so that his guests actually get
something when they suck on our nipples.  You and the other freshman will be the entertainment
tonight. The men can paw you and even make you suck their cocks, but they can't fuck your
cunts or asses until you've put on your show.  He'll make you do something really erotic and
really humiliating, but I couldn't even hazard a guess on what it would be as I've never seen the
same act twice.  Since you arrived with a friend, I can only assume that she will be included in
your little act, as the rest of the girls are all cheerleaders."  Pam advised her.

Jennifer thanked her friend for the heads up and then she and Barb went to mingle with the men
assembled there, as if it were what they had come to do.  Almost as soon as they started
mingling, they were accosted.  Men slipped their hands inside the girls' dresses and before long,
both of them were walking around with their tits hanging outside of their dresses.  They were
fingered constantly, usually with one hand fingering their cunts while another was fingering their
ass holes, while other hands and mouths found their way to the girls' exposed tits.

Then Ann, another freshman cheerleader, was in the center of the room.  She did a sexy strip
tease until all she was wearing was her stockings and her high heels.  When she was naked, she
got down on her hands and knees.  Her legs were spread wide apart and everyone could easily see
her hairless pussy and gaping anus.  Two huge dogs were led in on leashes.  One was positioned
in front of her while the other was behind her.  The leashes were released, but the dogs sat where
they were placed.

Ana was then made to crawl over to the dog behind her and suck it's cock until the long, thick
doggie prick, in all it's red, shiny glory was sticking out of it's sheath.  Then she resumed her
own position.  The dog's master commanded, "EAT!"  The dog got up, walked over to Ann,
stuck it's nose into her cunt and began eating her out with it's long, thick tongue.

Evidently, Ann was allowed to voice her true reaction as she pleaded, "Oh god no!  Don't let him
lick me there!"

"Why?  Don't you enjoy the feel of his long thick tongue?" someone asked and all the men broke
out into laughter as the girl kneeled there allowing the big dog to eat her out.

It got even worse when in spite of what she was saying, her body was certainly reacting as if it
were really enjoying the animal's attentions.  She gasped and trembled when the broad tongue of
the dog brushed over her clit in one long swipe.  Shortly after that she began moaning and
groaning in what was unmistakable passion.  Then her hips began to move around in small
circles as she humped her cunt on and off of the dog's tongue.

The man then said, "When ever you're ready for him to fuck you just say 'Fuck Me' and he will
oblige you."

Ann didn't want the animal to fuck her, but the dog was doing such a good job on her pussy with
it's mouth, that eventually she hollered out, "Fuck me!" and the big dog stopped licking her,
jumped up on her back and proceeded to fuck the young cheerleader like she had never been
fucked in her entire life.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Ann shrieked
as the animal skewered her sopping wet cunt in one powerful lunge.  The pain of her impalement
came from the fact that her pussy had been shrunk back to the size it was when she had turned
just twelve and the animal's thick cock was stretching it out mercilessly.

Ann sobbed and pleaded for them to take the dog off of her, but again, her body was betraying
her words.  She was still making little circles with her ass as she tried to match the animal's rapid
fucking motions.  Before long she began grunting as each inward lunge bottomed out deep inside
of her and pleas became weaker and weaker as she really no longer wanted the animal to stop his
marvelous fucking of her tight twat.

Then the knot appeared just outside of it's sheath and began moving closer and close to her
pussy. While Ann couldn't see it coming, everyone else in the room did and knew what was
going to happen.

As the knot moved between her pussy lips Ann began pleading anew, "Oh god not more!  I'm
already stretched to the limit!  Please he'll split me in half" but the men just laughed louder as the
knot disappeared into her cunt.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh!" she
wailed as the thick knot stretched her already sore pussy even wider.

The dog didn't even slow down as it fucked into her passage like a jack hammer, in fact, that's
what Ann thought was fucking her, it hurt so much.  It took the dog another ten minutes of
hammering away at her tight little hole before he finally filled her womb with his watery spend.
As Ann felt the hot spray from the animal, inside of her, she too came, in loud, body shaking
orgasm.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" she squealed in delight as
her orgasm washed over carrying her away from this humiliating show that she was putting on
for all these leering older men.

When the knot was finally empty, the dog's prick shrank and fell out of her pussy with a loud,
wet, obscene "PLOP".  The dog then moved around in front of her, lay down on it's back with
it's prick right under her mouth.

"He want's you to clean you spunk off of him.  Using your mouth to suck him and your tongue to
lick him, clean him up." the man instructed and Ann lowered herself so that she was resting her
weight on her elbows instead of her hands and began cleaning the dog up while everyone
watched her doing it.

This left her with her ass high in the air, both her cunt and anus gaped open, with the dog's
watery cum flowing out of her pussy.  While she cleaned the first dog, the second animal moved
around behind and began eating her, obviously trained to do so on cue.

"Oh god, not again!" Ann moaned as a shiver passed over her in reaction to the animal's expert
tonguing of her twat.

After it had scooped out all of the remnants of her coupling with the first dog, the second on
began rimming her anus.

"Oh please!  Not there!  Please, just let him fuck me like the first one did!  PLEASE!" she
pleaded in vain.

After massaging her sphincter to relax it, it rammed it's big tongue into her ass and proceeded to
tongue fuck the tight orifice, lubricating it well.  Like her pussy, her anus too had been shrunk
down the tightness it had enjoyed on her twelfth birthday. Although she thought of anal
intercourse to be a disgusting way of having sex, and even worse with an animal, there was no
mistake that she was enjoying the oral ministrations the dog was heaping upon her.

Then the dog stopped and she thought it was over, only to feel the animal climb onto her back. 
Then he rutted around three or four pokes before sinking his equally long, thick prick into her ass
and she screamed in pain as her butt was even tighter than her cunt.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh!"
she wailed like a banshee as the dog impaled her in one quick, lunge, and then began fucking her
virgin ass as fast as it could.

"Take it out!  Take it out!  Oh god it hurts so much!  PLEASE!  Take it out!" she bellowed, but
the animal just kept right on fucking her ass as fast as it could.

"Why don't you just suck his cock and be quiet?" someone suggested, and as if it had been a
command, Ann bent down and sucked the dog's cock into her mouth, while the other one was
grudge fucking her ass.

It was quite a sight, Ann kneeling on her knees and elbows, ass high in the air, a dog pile driving
away at her ass while her head bobbed rapidly up and down as she sucked off another dog.  She
surely looked like a bitch in heat, not able to get enough doggie cock.  Strangely enough, both
dogs developed their knots at about the same time.  It was interesting watching to see which one
would enter her first and it turned out to be the one in her mouth.  Her muffled screams of pain
could be heard as the one in her ass moved through her sphincter, stretching her already over
stretched ass even more.  She screamed out again as the knot in mouth moved into her throat, but
didn't stop sucking the dog's cock voraciously.

After the two dogs shot off inside of her, they were leashed and taken away.  While she had been
otherwise engage, a portable shower stall, that was enclosed with clear glass on all sides had been
brought into the room.  Ann was allowed to shower, but only where everyone could see her as
she sexily did so, spending longer periods of time on her tits, cunt, and ass.  Once dried off, she
was now available to any man for any kind of sex act, in other words, for the duration of the
party, which would last up until the game and resume afterwards, she was a fuck toy.

The shower was removed and the party took off again.  Then Carine, a junior level cheerleader
brought out a stool with a huge 18" dildo attached to the center of the chair.  Moments later,
Jennifer was stripping as her friend Barb was whipping her with a cat-o-nine-tails, barking out
commands like a ring master in a circus.  While Jennifer wasn't tall at just five foot four, she
towered over her now diminutive friend by almost a full head.

When she was finally naked Barb made her play with her tits getting her nipples harder than they
had ever been.  Then she made her masturbate herself with five very different dildos, three in her
cunt and two in her ass.  Then she made her force two feet of anal beads into her ass, before
yanking them out.  Each act required Jennifer to come before going on to the next, in order to
humiliate the young cheerleader.

Then Barb forced Jennifer's arms into an arm binder, which forced her arms from her elbows to
her hands together behind her and brought the rest of her arms very close together.  This forced
the girl's shoulders way back and made her thrust her already prominent, huge tits way out.  Then
she attached a cinch belt around her tiny waist, and secured it tightly in back.  The cinch belt had
two stirrups hanging from it at her sides.  She then led the bound cheerleader over to the stool,
making her straddle it and then lower herself onto the huge dildo.

Picking up her whip, she proceeded to whip the cheerleader's defenseless tits, frequently striking
her long fat nipples, as she urged the girl to go faster and deeper onto the dildo.  Once Jennifer
had picked up a good rhythm fucking twelve inches of the dildo into her cunt as she quickly
bounced up and down on it, her tits also flopping up and down exactly opposite to the direction
of her hips, Barb climbed onto the stirrups and forced Jennifer to eat her out as she carried their
combined weight up and down on the huge dildo.

The strain of their combined weight was putting a real strain on her leg muscles and she had to be
real careful not to go down too far, for fear of doing permanent damage to her cunt if she did. 
She somehow managed not to go too low as she rapidly fucked herself on the dildo while eating
out her roommate.  Barb for her part whipped Jennifer mercilessly as she instructed the girl how
to bring her off, three times, before finally climbing down onto wobbly legs. Jennifer too had
cum several times while being beaten, as she was fucking herself real good on the long thick
dildo.

After that the two girls spent the next twelve hours wondering around the mansion, naked,
getting fucked by all the men.  Strangely, they noticed, they were getting it in the ass a lot more
often than in their pussies.

Jennifer and the other cheerleaders had all brought their cheerleading uniforms and changed into
the there before heading straight to the game.  The big difference for this game however was that
they wore no panties or bras underneath and the skirts were even shorter than they normally
were.  Everyone in the first twenty rows that day got a good look at their hairless, naked pussies
and were treated to their huge tits bouncing, flopping, jiggling and swaying as they just moved
around and even more so when they did their routines.  That night, after the game they returned
to the mansion, their team victorious, and the orgy commenced with the girls fucking men and
women alike.

Monday morning arrived, and as if it had all been a dream, every thing was back to normal.  Had
it not been for the soreness in her breasts, cunt and ass, Jennifer would have truly thought that it
was just a bad dream, but the soreness confirmed the past week as a real live night mare.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ted E. Bear


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





