BDSM Library - The Circus is in Town




The Circus is in Town
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A great looking wife is mad at her husband and leaves him at the circus. She gets on the ferris wheel with a strange man, not wanting to ride it alone. The ferris wheel goes crazy and spins out of control, causing both to lose consciousness. When they come to in the hospital, they've traded bodies. This was supposed to be a multi-part story, but further chapters were never posted. But it is an extremely good swapping bodies story.
This is a collaborative effort between Caleb Jones and Raven, from a
Caleb Jones story idea. It has strong scenes of graphic sex, as well
as transgender themes. If you do not like that sort of thing, DO NOT
read this. If you do, enjoy. You can feel free to e-mail Caleb at
Culabo1@aol.com or myself at the e-mail adress above. I would
appreciate it if somone would be so kind as to post this over on
Alt.sex.stories.tg Thanks




The Circus is in Town (A Collaboration)
Raven75894@aol.com

(Part I) by Caleb Jones


A friend dragged me to see the circus that came to town today. I wasn't too
surprised when he dumped me, almost immediately, to chase after a good
looking girl. I figured I probably wouldn't see him too soon, so I went on a
few rides.

There was a short line at the carrousel. Finally, there were only two of us
left waiting for our turn. Everyone got off, and the pretty lady ahead of me
got into the seat at the bottom of the ferris wheel. I started to head to the
next available seat when she asked me if I would mind sitting with her. The
ride made her a little nervous.

I figured it was my lucky day. My friend might not be the only one to get a
date tonight.

The wheel started to turn. We rose into the air. She started to thank me for
riding with her when we heard a loud explosive sound from below. I looked down
to see smoke rising from the engine.

I figured we were going to be stuck up here for a while, but the wheel still
seemed to be moving! In fact, we were spinning faster. We were rotating much
too fast to try and jump out, all of the while going faster and faster. I
began to loose my equilibrium. Everything became a blur, as we both passed
out.

I awoke. I realized that I was being carried from the ferris wheel by a man
in a fireman's costume. He turned to a fellow fireman, remarking, "Damn! I
was hoping I could give her mouth to mouth." 

He looked down at me to assure, "Don't worry, your boyfriend will be alright.
The paramedics have taken him to Mercy hospital, and we'll get you there
right behind him."

I wondered what the devil he was talking about. He called me a "she" and said
that I had a boyfriend. I didn't have a boyfriend, I was a man!


I looked down to see if I was hurt bad enough to go to the hospital. The
sight before my eyes, shocked me, to say the least. Either my vision was
badly damaged, or I no longer occupied my own body. I certainly hadn't had a
big bosom, with long hair flowing over the breasts to my waist when I got to
the circus!

I didn't have long to think about it as darkness closed in about me once more.
I fainted.




(Part II)  By Raven Poe


I awoke later, realizing I was lying on my back somewhere. An overpowering
antiseptic odor assaulting my sense of smell told me that I was probably in a
hospital somewhere. What had happened to me? I remember that something went
horribly wrong with the ride at the circus and there had been paramedics
attending me.

The next thing that I realized was that somebody was to my left, holding my
hand.

I opened my eyes, spying the white, sterile walls of a hospital. I turned my
head to the left to see who was holding my hand. It was a guy I had never
seen before in my life.

He wasn't just a guy, he was one of those heavily muscled body builders, with
darkly tanned skin, and long blonde hair tied into a pony tail. He was the
kind of a guy you just loved to hate because he always got all of the girls.

What was he doing stroking my hand?!?

The guy saw that I was awake, and spoke to me, with more than a little
concern apparent in his voice, "I'm sorry Paige. I didn't mean to yell at you.
I really don't want to fight, baby. Thank God you're all right. I was so
worried when the hospital called me down at the gym."

Paige? Baby? What the hell was this guy calling me by these names?

Then it all came rushing back to me. The last thing that I saw before passing
out was two very large female breasts, as seen from above!

My free hand shot to my face, touching smooth, soft skin. My heart sank, even
as it beat a million times a minute, as my sense of touch confirmed I was in
the wrong body.

It was a body that this guy knew, seemingly quite well. It must be body of
the girl who was with me on the ride. The last thing I remembered was being
on the ride sitting with a long-haired blonde. I pulled my left hand free of
his grasp. Even though it may seem comfortable, and perfectly natural, to him,
it certainly wasn't to me. I just didn't want him to touch me. I wasn't a
homosexual after all.

The second that my hand was free, I noticed, with a start, something that I
hadn't seen before. There, on my left ring finger, was a moderately sized
diamond ring, and a gold wedding band. My heart sank even further. I had a
bad feeling about all of this!

Here I was stranded with a strange man in a hospital, and trapped in the body
of a gorgeous busty woman named, Paige. Suddenly, on top of it all, I was
married! I could only pray to the heavens above that I wasn't with child. I
might all ready have had a child. Considering the size of my new chest, I
could even be feeding a child with this body for all I knew.

I made a quantum leap of deductive logic, and figured that the muscle bound
man to my left was "my" husband. I realized I had three important things to
do as soon a possible. I had to get rid of him. I had to find my own body,
and, third, I had to try to fix this situation before it got out of hand, as
if it wasn't already.

I used the only asset that I had, his affection for the person that I
appeared to be.

"Baby? Why don't you go home? I'm tired and need to sleep." I figured "Baby"
was a mutual term of endearment since he had already used it on me.

"I want to be here with you. We need to talk."

"Later. Okay? For me. . .Baby?" I smiled as sweetly as I could, and hoped it
was a smile. My lips seemed to operate a little differently than my own had,
and were coated with something. Lipstick? I had to keep the conversation to a
minimum, lest I say something to tip him off that I wasn't really his Paige.

"Are you sure?"

"Uh-huh," I mumbled. I could only hoped that I was talking like her. She
might have an accent or something for all I knew.

"Okay. I'll see you later. I'll be back at work at the gym if you need
anything," he stated, as he gathered his things. He picked them up, then bent
over the edge of the bed towards me.

Oh no, I thought. This jerk is going to kiss me. I thought about turning my
cheek to him, but before I could react his lips were on mine. I closed my
eyes, as well as my lips, as tightly as I could, trying to picture him in my
mind looking like my last girlfriend. Fortunately, it was only a peck on the
lips.

"Bye, Baby." the man wished me, as he turned to leave. "I love you."

How was I supposed to answer that?

"You too... Bye-bye," was all I could say. 

"I hope you mean that." he said, and then he was gone.

I lay there for a second trying to get a grip on everything that's happened
to me. It was just so unbelievable that I was now in the body of a woman.
Eyes could see the two large mounds on my chest but it had to be a dream, or
more accurately, a nightmare. I pulled one hand up before my eyes. The
fingers were slender and fine, with long French manicured fingernails and the
two rings which I had noted before. I tried to pinch myself with those long
nails, instantly feeling a stab of pain as they jabbed into my skin.

This was no dream.

I sat up, feeling needle like pain in my scalp, and a pulling sensation as
something caught behind me. Reaching back behind my back, I pulled out a mass
of golden blonde hair. It was straight and very thick, and so much softer
than my own. It had a slightly fruit-like smell to it. She must use one of
those fancy shampoos made from food products, I thought. 

The image of the woman on the ride flashed before me, and I remembered that
she had extremely long hair that went below her waist. That meant that I was
laying on all of that hair.

I reached around behind me a second time, raising my upper body, and pulling
the hair free from my behind where it was trapped. However, the motion of
picking my weight up, then down, caused a heavy jiggling sensation on my
chest. Looking down, I saw again those big boobs. Now they were my big boobs!

A nurse came in before I could feel myself up.

"Oh. You're awake, Mrs. Hill. I'm glad to see that you're okay, now. A pretty
girl like you shouldn't be locked up in a hospital on a day like today."

"The other. . .guy? The one in the accident with me. Is he in this hospital
also?" My new voice sounded so strange in my ears.

"Why yes. He's right down the hall. In fact, he just woke too."

"Can I see . . .him? Can I talk to him?"

"I don't see why not. Just take it slow. You've been through quite a trauma.
The doctor said you could go, and the man from the circus has taken care of
your bill. Just take it easy for a day or two. Okay?"

"I will, nurse."

She looked at me again. "Your boyfriend probably didn't mind but you might
want to button your blouse. The doctor had me undo it to check your heart
beat. I think he was the one who wound up with an erratic heartbeat, though.
You really impressed him, girl!

The nurse completed what she was doing, while I struggled to button the
unfamiliar blouse. Then she left. Since there was nothing keeping me from
going to see my own body, I decided to do just that. I swung my legs over the
side of the bed. I noted, with dismay, that they didn't reach the floor. I
actually had to hop off of the bed. It was totally embarassing. I felt like a
child again until the movement set those boobs to bobbling again.

It was a total pain in the butt. They were very heavy, and it seemed that I
was constantly aware of them. That wasn't the worst of it. On the first step
away from the bed, I was acutely aware of the void between my legs. Those
huge tits swayed with every single step. I realized how lucky I was that she
hadn't worn high heels today, or the simple act of walking might have been
more then I could have handled. 

All the way down the hall, I had to walk as slow as I could to prevent this
body from moving all over the place. How do women control all of this stuff,
I wondered? Could they possibly, actually, get used to it? I knew I would
never get accustomed to all of it. At each doorway I checked the name of the
patient to be found on the inside.

It was so weird. Everything seemed much taller and higher than it was before.
I guessed from the difference in height, as well as my observations of Paige
before we switched, I figured that I was no more than 5'3" tall, now. It was
lot different than my usual 6'1" stature.

A few doors down, I found my own name, my old name, on the outside wall of a
room. That meant she was inside. I swallowed hard, then took one step inside
the room.

There she, I was laying in bed, looking at me. I can't begin to tell you how
eerie it was to see yourself across a room looking back at you. It was very
surreal. Neither of us could say anything because we were just so stunned.

Finally, I heard my old voice say, "Then it's real. I'm not imaging this?"
The lips of my old body moved with each of the words.

I moved further into the room. There was a chair beside the bed which she/he
occupied. I decided to make use of it rather than to continue jiggling around.
The seat seemed to be more cushioned than it had looked. Then I realized it
must seem like that because of my new, larger behind.

As I moved to take the seat, I commented, "Take my word for it. This is no
dream. This is all too real. I just don't know how this could happen. It's
impossible." I managed to smother a sudden urge to cry.

My former body was silent.

That prompted me to ask, "Do you know something."

Paige started slowly. "I didn't think anything would happen. I-it's just that
I had a terrible fight with Heath. Oh, you don't know who Heath is. He's my
husband. Ever since we got married, he has been treating me like I'm nothing
but a bimbo. I just got tired of it you know? So I ran off, and found myself
at the circus. I was too afraid to go on the ride by myself, so I asked you
to ride with me. We were just spinning so fast, and I was so scared on top of
everything else, that I just wished I could be anything else, I wished I
could be you. Then we were here."

I was quiet. I felt sorry for her. I honestly did, but it was my body she had
taken. I wanted it back! It figured that that muscle bound idiot holding my
hand would have a name like Heath. Why couldn't I get his body. Instead, I'm
stuck in the body of a girl who could be a centerfold model. 

"We have to do something. I want my body back," I said softly.

"I don't want to go back. I want to stay like this," was her reply.

"No. You can't."

She tried to ask me sincerely, "Haven't you ever wanted to know what it's
like to be a woman? What it's like to be beautiful woman.? I don't know if
you've seen a mirror yet but I can assure you most men, people tell me I have
a beautiful appearance."

This was a hard thing for a guy to admit, but every guy has wondered what it's
like on the other side. If I had to be a woman, I would much rather be one
like Paige. Still, I had a life. I didn't want her's.

"Sure. Every guy has. That doesn't mean I actually wanted to be one."

"Can't you stay like you are? Please? Try it for a while, you might like it."

"No way. You have to go back to your own life. I have a life of my own to
live. You just can't take my body against my will. It's just wrong."

"I know. I'm sorry. I never thought my wish would actually come true! However,
I don't know how to switch us back even if I wanted to."

"Try wishing. It worked before."

Paige closed her eyes. Lines of concentration appeared on the forehead of my
body. She opened her/his eyes, but we were still each other.

"Well, that didn't work...". Then I got a bright idea. "I bet it's the
carousel. It must be magic or something. We have to get back to the circus."

Paige reluctantly agreed with me. Although Paige wanted to stay in my body,
she at least recognized that it would be wrong. A few awkward moments later,
we were properly clad in each other's clothes and ready to leave the hospital.
She handed me her purse, and we checked out of the hospital. We hailed a taxi
and were heading back to the circus.

Neither of us said much on the trip over. I don't know why she/he didn't say
much, but my reticence stemmed from the myriad alien sensations that I was
getting from my new female form. Everything from the feeling of a bra around
my chest to nylons and a skirt were all very new things for me to deal with.
It took all of my concentration to deal with the situation. 

When the taxi dropped us off, it was at an extremely empty field. The circus
had pulled up stakes.

"What are we going to do?" Paige asked me.

She/he was so tall now, in my body, that I had to look up.

"We're going to have to find the circus somehow," I replied.

"That's going to take some time. What will we do until then."

"We're just going to have to pretend to be each other. You'll have to live my
life, and I'll live yours. You do my job, and I'll do yours. What do you do
for a living anyway?"

She was reluctant to answer. "I-I'm a waitress. I work down at Hooter's. Do
you know it?"

I knew it all too well!!!




(Part III) By Caleb Jones

The two of us got back into the cab. I slid into the middle of the seat. The
cab was large enough to hold at least three people, therefore, there was
plenty of "personal" space between the Paige and myself.

I realized how odd it was to want some space from my own body. I couldn't
help but wonder if it was a side effect of being a woman. It dawned on me
that I could be this way a long time, if we couldn't find the circus. Even if
we did, they might not be able to work the magic that had swapped our bodies
earlier in the day. It might have been a number of factors, that would be
hard to duplicate, such as the time of day, the clouds in the sky, the wind or
the speed of the wheel. 

As much as I hated it, I was going to have to get used to having this strange
body instead of my own. We were giving new meaning to the saying "A stranger
in a strange land." Not only was everything around us a new experience, but
our own bodies were strange, too.
 

Paige was the first to notice the funny look in the driver's face. She
quickly analyzed the situation, brushed the long blonde hair away from my
face and whispered in my ear. "You have to remember you are a woman now. Look
at your legs."

My eyes lowered to the skirt I was now wearing. It still stunned me to see a
woman's body every time that I looked down. My legs were comfortably spread
out, as I normally sat, taking up a lot of room.

"What are you complaining about, Paige? You have enough room to relax. You
should loosen up a bit. Spread YOUR legs out a bit like mine."

"I will..." she said, "...but you can't! Look at the driver.  He's drooling
over the view you are giving him of my.....private parts." 

I blushed a deep shade of red, feeling heat upon my face, as I realized what
the driver was looking at in the rear view mirror. I instinctively crossed my
legs. However, instead of crossing at the knees as I would normally do, the
flawless legs kept going, not meeting an resitence between my legs, until
they were crossed at the thigh. It all looked very ladylike, although done
completely by accident.

"That's better!" Paige nodded in approval.

I, once again, was instantly aware of the absence of the male parts I had
known so well. I was amazed at the flexibility with which my new legs had
crossed each other at the thighs. I thought I could actually move the top leg
up and down the side of the other, but didn't want to give the driver any
more of a show than he had already done. The tight feeling of nylon between
my two legs was another in a list of many new feelings I would have to get
used to.

Paige noted that we were getting back to the city, and asked me where we
should go now.

"We could go to your apartment, but your husband might be there. I'm not
ready to see him like this yet. I'm not sure I'll ever be ready to see him
again. We had better go to my apartment. We will be alone there, and we can
show each other a little about how to be each other. It's obvious I at least
have a lot to learn," I told Paige, as I looked down at my legs to illustrate
the point.

I gave the driver the address.

"What do you mean by seeing Heath 'again', Steve?" Paige asked.

"Oh, right. I woke up in the hospital, and he was there. I got rid of him
pretty quickly, but not before he gave me a little kiss, on the mouth," I
added, realizing the uselessness of keeping such information from her. She
could hardly get jealous if her husband kissed her body, could she?

"Yeah," she sympathized. "He can be nice, all right, but wait until you want
to do something he doesn't approve of. He thinks I should just stay around
the house, and churn out a baby each year. I'm tired of being treated like a
second class citizen. I'm sorry you got caught in this, I really am, but I'm
really happy to be 'the man' for a while instead of 'the little woman'." 

I was only just beginning to realize that I was going to have to adapt to
more than just the body. I would have to adjust to other's preconcieved ideas
and notions about the body. As if this new body wasn't enough to deal with
all by itself! To exemplify the point, the cab hit a pothole and sent my
upper chest bouncing around like a bowl of jelly. I glimsped the face of the
cab driver in the rear view mirror leering at me lustily.

Damn, I thought, I thought bras were supposed to control these things.
Another thought suddenly occured to me. I would have to stop referring to
these boobs as things. They were now a living part of me. 

********** 

I love watching beautiful women in my cab, the cabbie thought. The best part
is helping them enter or exit. This lady is one of the best looking chicks to
grace this cab in quite a while. The way she had let me look up her skirt,
until her boyfriend told her to cut it out, the image of her long thighs, and
her pink panties are gonna stay in my mind all night long. And what a set of
bazookas!

The cabbie knew he would be fantasizing of this lovely babe when he did his
duty with his wife that night. She had been attractive a long time ago, but
had really let herself go. He cheered himself up by looking at Steve one more
time.

**********

I wondered what the cabbie would think, if he knew that inside the beautiful
body he was watching lurked the soul of a man.

The driver pulled up to my address, to let us out. He jumped out of his seat,
offering his hand to me, to help him out of the cab. To carry the illusion of
being Paige, I took his hand. Besides, it was more difficult than I expected
getting out, while wearing a skirt. I consiously tried to keep my legs closed
this time.

I looked up to thank the man, only to see his eyes staring down at my new
cleavage.

"Pay the man, Steve," I told the occupant of my former body.

I was overcome by the urgent need to get away from the cabbie, and his leers
at my female form. My first encounter with a male chauvinist pig, I whined to
myself. It was funny enough to tell Paige, as we walked up the walk to the
apartment building.

"He's harmless enough," she said. "Wait until you get in an elevator, and
some creep thinks he can cop a feel of your ass, or bump into your boobs
'accidentally'."
 

"Does that happen often?" I asked, as we went into an elevator ourselves. I
remembered all the times I had tried to poke girls in the chest while waiting
in line back in junior high. At least I grew out of it, I thought. Somehow,
it seemed a lot stupider now that I was on this side of the poke! 

"More often than you might think. There are a LOT of jerks out there, most of
them seem to be guys. You seemed like a gentleman at the park, though. If I
knew my wish would come true, I would have asked to get a jerk's body, so he
would get an education. I'm afraid you will get that lesson instead, now,
Steve."

She continued, "I don't like to brag, but my body does seem to attract more
than my share of MCP's. I guess I'll have to teach you how to deal with them,
now, as well as how to act like a lady. You gave that cab driver quite a show
back in the cab."

We got out of the elevator, and I stopped in front of my door. I searched my
pockets, or more accurately, tried to, I found no pockets in the tight
fitting skirt.

"Check your pockets," I told Paige. She looked in the pockets of her trousers,
recovering a key ring.

"Easier than searching though a purse." she told her beautiful former body,
as she unlocked the door to her new bachelor's apartment. 




(Part IV) by Raven Poe.


I showed Paige around my apartment, guiding her through everything that she
would need to impersonate me until we were able to get our real bodies back.

"This is a very nice place that you have here. What do you do for a living?"
asked Paige curiously.

"I'm a mate with the Merchant Marine. Actually I work down in the engine room,
maintaining all of the machinery. I'm out on ship for months at a time, so
there's really no way to spend the money that I make. I just bank' it, and
then sign up to go out on another ship. As a matter of fact . . . ."

I stopped in mid-sentence. I had been explaining my profession to Paige like
I would be to any girl whom I just met. I momentarily forgot that I was now
the girl. Not only that, in mid-sentence I remembered that I was scheduled to
ship out in another two day's time. It was a big paying job, and one that had
career advancement opportunities. At this late stage I could not get out of
it!

"What's wrong?" questioned Paige, suddenly concerned.

I plopped down on his bed, feeling my large boobs jiggling as I did so.

"Oh, God. How do you women ever get used to every part of your body moving in
different directions at the same time? These tits jiggle every time I move,
and these hips wiggle back and forth anytime I try to walk. I can actually
feel my ass cheeks move up and down with each step. There are things dangling
from my ears. It's enough to drive you crazy. 

And this hair . . . ." I commented pointedly, reaching around and pulling a
mass of heavy hair from behind me. That maneuver only succeeded in having
another part of the long hair fall into my eyes. I brushed it away with a
flip of one hand with a disgusted, frustrated expression upon my face.

"It's just that girls grow up into it from a young age." Paige interjected.
"I guess it's just something that you get used to gradually, so you don't
notice anything unusual. Most girls get earrings when they are babies, at
least all my friends did. Others get them when they become teenagers. You get
used to them after a while. And you don't get big boobs in one day. like you
did, Steve. I didn't even notice them getting bigger until my mom bought me a
training bra. I learned how to handle them as they got bigger. Unfortunately,
you are getting the full female experience, all at one time."

"That's interesting but not much help, I'm afraid." I bemoaned, sadly. My
voice came out weak and soft, like any emotionally distaught woman.

"You're going to have to learn to get used to it anyway, and the sooner the
better. What were you saying before, about your job, when you stopped?"

"I'm scheduled to ship out on a new job in two days. I'm supposed to be out
on the ocean for six months on this trip. If we can't get switched back,
you're going to have to go out in my place."

For the first time since this happened, Paige finally appeared to be
concerned. "How can I pretend to be you? They'll figure it our right away."

"No. It wouldn't be too bad. This was to be my first time on this ship.
Nobody knows me, so that wouldn't be a problem. You'd just have to figure out
how to run the engines. Let's not think about that, let's just find the
damned circus."

Paige asked, "How are we gonna do that?"

I sat up and thought for a few seconds. I tried to prop up my chin on my hand,
but was reminded of my current physical status by the feeling of a large
breast flattening into my arm. Everything i did only served to remind me that
I was in a woman's body instead of my own.

A brilliant idea occured to me. "Circuses have to get city permits to have a
show. Maybe the city offices have a copy of the schedule." 

"I guess so," replied Paige flatly. Despite the potential problem with the
ship, she was none too eager to give up her new male body.

I frantically called the city offices. It took me a couple of tries to
depress the right buttons on the phone with the long manicured finger nails
on the end of each finger. Each time that I missed, I exclaimed, "Damn!"
softly, as if I ought to be able to do it perfectly.

While the phone was ringing on the other end, I smirked, "Even these nails of
yours are a pain in the ass!"

His last comment forced Paige to remark with an irritated expression,
"They're just fine when the shoe's on the other foot, aren't they?"

I didn't bite. "I never asked a woman to paint her nails in all my life as a
man."

Fortunately, I was saved from a debate by the voice of the city clerk on the
other end of the line. In a short 5 minute phone call I learned that the
circus was due in a town about 2 hours from here. They were to be there for 3
days. After I hung up, I was only too happy to tell Paige the good news.

I could hardly contain his enthusiam. "Let's get on the road. If we hurry, we
can be there in two hours."

"What time is it now?"

We both looked at the watches on our respective new wrists. It was just after
5:00 p.m.

Paige chimed in, "We can't go now. Heath will be getting out of work at the
club in about an hour. If he can't find me ... er ... you, he will go nuts.
The guy is very jealous and possessive."

"Well then, when can we go?"

"The best time is tomorrow afternoon, while he is at work. That brings up
another problem. I'm scheduled to work the lunch shift down at Hooters
tomorrow." Paige advised analytically.

"You don't mean . . ." I started to protest.. I was interupted by Paige.

"That's exactly what I'm saying. You'll have to fill in for me. Heath and I
need the money, so I can't afford to take a day off. Besides, after working a
shift a Hooters as a sex object you may decide that you like being a girl.
You might not want to change back, which would be fine with me!"

"Not likely." came the reply.

"We'll see." Paige said with an evil smile.

"What are we going to do about your husband, Heath?"

"Hey. He's your husband now!"

"Whatever. The point I'm trying to make is that he knows you better than
anyone. I may be able to get away with one shift at Hooters by faking a bad
mood, or not talking to anyone, but he'll know that I'm not you. He'll sense
something's wrong."

Paige was thoughtful. "Hmmmm. Your right. He's is going to want sex tonight.
He wants it every night. Not that I objected, mind you. That could be a
problem tonight, though. Little things, like the way that you kiss him, or
the way that you have sex with him, would be different. Even he would know
something's wrong. And you can't beg off because of a period. I just had mine
last week, I mean you had your's last week."

I jumped up, setting all of my new bodily parts jiggling and swaying. "Hold
on. I'm not letting any guy stick his dick in me. I'm a guy. I ain't no homo!"

"Uh . . . in case you haven't checked lately, you most definitely are not a
guy. It wouldn't be anything unnatural at all. You should just relax, enjoy
it, and see how the other half lives, and loves. If nothing else, it will
make you the ultimate lover. Just think how good you'll be when you get back
to your own body, and you know exactly what pleases a woman. You'd be
irresistable!"

That got me to thinking seriously. "Hmmmm. I hadn't thought of that. This is
a unique opportunity to learn how you girls think. I've never understood you!
It would be a shame to waste this oppotunity."

**********

Paige drew closer to him now. She placed one of her hands on Steve's large
pecs. She had always read that women get infinitely more pleasure out of sex
than a man. She suspected that if a man could experience that pleasure, it
would be like a drug that he couldn't resist. If her guess was right correct,
sex as a woman would be more addictive than cocaine. He wouldn't ever want to
go back. If she could get him pregnant, and her maternal instinct kicked in,
then it would be "fait accompli." Her whole goal was to trick him into
sleeping with a real man!

"I could show you some of the mysteries. I could show you what goes where and
why." All of the while, she had been genttly rubbing her former nipple. She
could feel it begin to swell in response to her erotic suggestions.

**********

The feeling of nipples swelling on my chest, along with the sensation of a
pleasant warmth and wetness between my legs, was enough to freak me out. I
jumped back, away from Paige.

"No. Stay away from me. You're right, it would be very interesting, but some
things should remain a mystery. Otherwise, it takes all of the fun out of it.
It is something that I would rather not know, thank you very much. Besides
I've already learned more than enough about being a woman already today."

"Then what other bright ideas do you suggest?"

"We'll just have to tell Heath the truth!"

"Are you mad? He'll never believe us, or even worse he'll think that you, I
mean me, damn, I'm so confused.... one of us is trying to steal Paige from
him. It could get ugly."

"We'll just have to convince him somehow. How else are we going to explain a
strange man hanging around your house teaching you how to be a Hooters girl?
You're going to have to show me the ropes. You're going to have to show me
how to walk, talk, dress, everything in order to last even one day as a woman.
You'll have to tell me about all of the girls at your work, your boss,
friends, enemies, etc."

**********

There was dead silence. Paige didn't know exactly what to say.  Plan "A" went
down in flames. She would have to think of some other way to get Steve into
bed to experience first hand the glory of being a woman. It was something she
didn't want anymore. In other words, she was ready to trade up for the power,
strength, and independence of being a man.

Paige had to rely on the fact that Heath's sex drive would overrule his
knowledge. Hell, he may be even more turned on by the thought of a strange
man's mind in his wife's sexy body. He was deviant enough to actually like
something like this.

**********

Paige smiled, "Okay, let's go . . ."

"Could you at least do something about all of this hair for me?"

She gesture me over, indicating that she wanted me to sit down, facing away.
Paige went in to the bathroom, and grabbed a brush. For the next ten minutes
she worked tediously to put my long silky hair into a French braid.




(Part V) by Caleb Jones 


Paige got out as the cab stopped in front of her apartment. She walked around
to the other side of the car to help me out of the car. I wasn't at ease yet
in her high heels, and needed more practice moving around with the wider hips
I now possessed.

I still felt extrememly disoriented standing next to my former male body. I
continually had to stare up at Paige. Even with the heels, I was wearing, my
head only came up to the level of Paige's shoulders. 

I wobbled just a bit as they walked up to the entry. Each and every step that
I took sent my new female body to quivering and jiggling. It was so
frustrating and distracting, yet erotic at the same time.


I turned around to look at the cab. I could just feel the eye of another
watching me. Sure enough, the cabbie had an expression of pure lust upon his
face which I recognized instantly. The driver was undressing my luscious
feminine curves with his mind. A shiver shot up and down my spine, prompting
me to flee for the relative safety of the front door. 

Still, as I disappeared into the interior of the building, something inside
of me made me linger for just a moment, and look back over my shoulder at the
cabbie. Nobody had ever looked at me with such obvious desire when I was a
man. In a way it was flattering, even if this wasn't my own body! 

The two of us displaced individuals mulled over "the plan" as we moved toward
the elevator. I would go in first, and try to convince Heath that I wasn't
really Paige. It was possible, even likely, that Heath would not understand.
The most probable scanario was that he would think it a joke. Then, and only
then, was I to let Paige in to convince Heath with facts that only the two of
them could possibly know. Otherwise the initial presence of my real body
would create the impression that something else was going on, something which
Heath's jealous nature wouldn't let go of.

It was flawed, but it was the best plan we could come up with. With the kind
of day I was having, he wondered what chance the plan really had to work? I
took a deep breath, and then plucked a keyring from out of the purse I was
now forced to carry. Paige selected the right key for the door, then eased
down the hall to wait. 

I opened the door, stepping cautiously into the foyer. The instant I closed
the door, two rather large hands reached around my waist, finally coming to
rest on my big breasts. The hands began to softly massage, and tenderly knead
them, sending pleasurable sensations through my body. 

I turned my head to figure out what the hell was going on, although I already
had a pretty good idea. It was Heath. I didn't even have a chance to command
Heath to stop before a mouth placed itself over mine, taking my breath away
with an incredibly passionate kiss.

My knees grew weak, and actually began to buckle, as I was betrayed by the
body I wore. My senses, not to mention the millions of nerve endings, were
assaulted beyond the ability of my more rational male mind to control. 

I lost my balance again on the high heels, albeit from a much different
reason this time. Heath's hands drifted away from my tits, one tracing it's
way down my slender torso to my back. The other parked itself around my heart
shaped rear end. I was swept up in the air effortlessly, and was tenderly
kissed, yet again.

Through the torrent of mixed emotions and female hormones, I sensed that I
was being carried elsewhere. I tried desperately to protest, but only managed
to sound weak and breathless. The second that I tried to open my mouth, I felt
Heath's tongue touch my own. I managed to to grab the hair of the head that
was kissing me. However, the meager strength in this body had long since
sapped away. 

The totality of my actions only suceeded in creating the illusion that I was
running my finger through Heath's hair, to pull him in closer in order to
kiss him harder. It was an illusion to which Heath immediately responded.
Despite the waning male protests deep within my mind, I eagerly surrendered
to the full, open mouthed French kiss!

Now it was even harder for me to concentrate on the job at hand than it was
before. I knew only that I was placed down somewhere in a darkened room, on
what felt like a bed. The realization that I was on a bed, with a strange man,
was enough to rouse what was left of my shrinking male willpower into action.

"Stop it . . ." I whispered, " . . . please." The soft breathless tone of my
voice made it sound more like an invitation than an effort to halt what was
about to happen. In truth, the body that I wore didn't want it to stop. 

I felt one hand undoing the blouse buttons while, the other snaked it's way
with consummate skill under the hem of the skirt to my underpants. I parted
my lips to protest again, but the hand in my panties found a spot that sent a
bolt of lightning careening through my body. It was the most exciting, most
thrilling, and most singularly pleasurable thing I had ever experienced in my
entire life. 

I thought for a second that I was wetting my pants. My loins felt very wet
all of a sudden. I idly realized that the pussy that I now possessed had to
be extremely aroused by all of this attention. I had no basis for comparison
to anything I had ever known before. The sensations were insistent, primal,
and so completely feminine. 

The combination of pleasurable feelings, in turn releasing even more female
hormones into my system, robbed me of all reason or common sense. The last
vestiges of a male ego or consiousness retreated to a small dark recess of my
new brain. All that remained was instinct, the animal that needed to be
satisfied!

I felt his hand reach out needfully to Heath's erect cock. I placed her tiny
hand around the dick, and started stroking it in a way that I knew would
enlarge it even further. It was very strange because of the startling lack of
sensation that I felt I could feel it in my hand, but couldn't feel it on my
body. I had half expected to feel the sense of an erection that I always felt
when masturbating. I stroked it harder trying to produce some feelings from
it.

Suddenly, it spurted out it's cargo, and started to soften up. 

I felt the hand in my pants pull away, as the person next to me mumbled,
"That was great honey. You wore me out. I need a nap. Wake me up when dinner
is ready, OK?"

The body then rolled away from me, and the dick slid from my hand. There was
a grunt of pleasure from my companion, who started snoring. 

That is when it dawned on me that I had not been masturbating myself, but
giving another man a hand job. That would explain why I neither felt the
sensation of an erection, nor the release of an ejaculation. I was still
filled to bursting with so much sexual energy and desire, that I thought I
was going to scream.

Despite the reality that, underneath my skin, I was really a man, I couldn't
handle the emotions that welled up within me. I now knew feminine sexual
frustration. I needed for this body to be satisfied. It was hard to ignore
the urge from the void between my legs to be filled. In the blink of an eye,
I was completely disrobed. I plunged one finger into my hot new cunny, while
I rolled an erect nipple between finger and thumb of the other hand. I was so
lost in the needs of my body that I was startled when Heath grabbed me,
pulling my body toward him, Heath must have heard my low moans of pleasure,
and was awakened by them. Heath was very hard again, he must have been
watching me pleasure myself. In one strong thrust, Heath penetrated me. He
began to make passionate love to the body he thought was his wife. 

The unique thrill of being penetrated, of having another living being within
me, shattered any resitance that remained within me.

**********

Paige had been absolutely correct. The erotic sensations of a female body was
something no man, with his preoccupation with anything remotely sexual, would
be able to resist. They were more addictive than the strongest narcotic. 

That was the cosmic joke. Men, with their constant pursuit of sex, were much
better suited to be contained within the vessel of a woman, who was built for
sex. Women, on the other hand, who could concentrate on things other than sex,
were much better suited for the body of a man. A woman's practical, rational
nature was much better suited to manipulate the environment in the powerful
body of a man.

Only once before had nature, of all things joined the perfect spirit with the
perfect body, Marilyn Monroe. Now magic, had recreated that perfect union.

Steve practically radiated sexuality from the fusion reaction. 

**********

An overwhelming warmth and euphoria swept through my entire being.
Simultaneously, I wrapped my silky legs around Heath's waist, tilted my hips
up to meet his thrust, and pulled Heath's head down so that his hungry lips
could kiss mine.

Our lips parted long enough for me to utter but one word, the "yes" of
unconditional surrender!

In 30 minutes, it was all over. My boobs were still tingling, and the nipples
were engorged, in the afterglow. They felt full and tight as I massaged them.
And my ... pussy ... was sooo hot, and wet with the sperm of Heath. It was
becoming hard to remember that I was ever a man inside this strange, yet
fascinating body. However, remember I did.

My efforts at trying to convince Heath that I wasn't Paige hadn't met with
any success. If anything, Heath would now be convinced that I was Paige! It
was time to retrieve the real Paige from the hallway.

I got up so that I could get dressed, picking up the lacy underwear. As soon
as I stood up, warm sticky cum began to leak from my vaginal crease onto my
inner thighs. I threw the bra and panties that I held in my dainty hands back
onto the floor in disgust, and walked to the bathroom. I rushed to the shower.
I scrubbed my hands, and my genitalia and thighs for the next five minutes, as
if to wash the whole experience away, ignoring the sensitivity from the groin
as much as possible. 

Finally, taking a towel, I dried my hands, breaking one of my long fingernails.
After everything else that had happened, this was the one thing that made me
want to start crying! I gingerly wiped off as much of my pussy as I could
stand.

By the time I returned to the bedroom, Heath was again asleep. I bent over at
the waist to scoop up the disgarded feminine undergarments from the floor. I
felt Paige's large boobs sway, and dangle heavily from my chest. I quickly
redressed, although I had a lot of trouble stuffing the boobs into the cups
of the bra. Each time I touched my tits started his nipples swelling again
The feeling of a g-string up the cleft of his ass cheeks was not much better!

Straightening my skirt, I left the bedroom. I ran out to the corridor so that
we could figure out what to do now. Paige would know how to convince Heath
that I really wasn't Paige. I looked up and down the corridor, but it was
silent and empty.

Paige was gone, and she had taken my male body with her!! 




(Part VI) by Raven.


I re-entered the apartment of Heath and Paige. It was my apartment now unless
I could think of something quickly. The prospect of spending the rest of my
life as Paige, as a woman, made me tremble all over.

I flopped down into the nearest chair, which seemed to positively swallow me
up. My breasts bounced around in the bra before settling down. The disparate
sizes of my new body and the chair only served to remind me of the tiny
nature of my new physical stature. That, in turn, only upset me more. 

I leaned forward, burying my smooth face into my hands. This too only served
to remind me of my newfound womanhood, as my soft boobs pressed into my
slender forearms. God, I might have these tits for the rest of his life
unless I can find Paige. I stared down at the woman I had become, trying to
imagine living the rest of his life like this. 

I began to sob uncontrollably. This was another new aspect of my unfortunate
circumstances. I no longer possessed the ability to tightly control my
emotions. Whatever I was feeling just welled to the surface to be expressed!

Not only was that a problem, but i noticed that it was becoming increasingly
difficult for me to focus and concentrate. It didn't make any sense. I was
usually as sharp as a tack, famous for thinking quickly on my feet.

The name "bimbo" stuck in my head. Paige had used it. It was the way Heath
had treated her. I gasped with the meek little voice that I now had. What if
Heath treated her like a bimbo bacause she really was dumber than a sack full
of rocks, and not because he was sexist. That meant that I had inherited the
same diminished thought capacity that she had. 

No! Paige had seemed pretty bright to me when we talked. Of course, she was
using my body and brain now, so that didn't prove anything. I could still be
turning into a simpleton in this strange new body.

That wasn't what really horrified me. I wasn't despondent because I was now a
woman, or even a simple woman. I was depressed from the fact that I was
starting to like being a beautiful woman. I loved having sex as a small, soft,
luscious woman, and not only that but I wanted more, much more!

I wept even harder because I knew I was losing myself. I was becoming someone
that I didn't know. Still, I couldn't think of what to do about it, so I just
curled up into a ball into the chair. I wrapped his arms around my knees and
rocked back and forth, crying my little heart out.

By and by, I heard a male voice, that I recognized to be Heath, question,
"What are you crying about Paige. I didn't hurt you while you and I were... ?"

I looked up to behold a very confused Heath. Of course, he would be confused.
He had just made mad, passionate love to his wife, and here she was bawling
her fool head off. He didn't know what exactly was going on, but he could
sense something was wrong. 

However, the second that I saw Heath's face, a potential idea flashed into my
mind. I remembered that Paige told me that Heath was very jealous and
possessive. I could make up a story that "Steve" had made a pass at me, or
even worse, had sexually assaulted me. Heath would move heaven and earth to
find "Steve." I would have to play the part of the victimized woman, in
essence pretending that I really was Paige. I could point Heath in the right
direction by adding little facts, such as where "Steve" lived, what he did,
etc.

My initial hope was dashed rapidly as I considered the potential downside to
this course of action. If Heath really was nuts, he could end up killing my
real body in a fit of jealous rage. Then I would still be in no better
position than I was now. Even worse, if I showed too much information about
"Steve," Heath may think I was a slut or a whore, and beat me! That prospect
didn't exactly thrill me. Heath might as well be a giant to me now that I was
in this tiny new feminine body.

There was still the option of trying to convince Heath that Paige stole my
body. Then we could look for her together. It was so hard for me to pick, so
hard for him to make a decision. Time was of the essence.

Heath noticed that my silence seemed to stretched on and on. He inquired,
"Do you have something that you want to say to me? You're not pregnant or
something are you?"

"N-no," replied I weakly. "At least I hope not!" I thought to myself and
prayed to any gods who might be listening. If any of Heath's sperm made it's
way into my new female plumbing. 

I trembled at the thought of my stomach swelling out like a balloon, and the
thought of actually giving birth. It made me want to cry again. 

"Then what is it? What is it, damn it?" Heath demanded, growing impatient.
The tone of his voice prompted me to make a snap decision, be it for good or
ill. It would be the truth!

I looked up at Heath with tears still in my eyes, informing him, tenatively,
"I know that this is going to be hard for you to believe, but I'm not Paige.
I'm not your wife."

Heath eyed me suspiciously, "Yeah, right! What kind of stupid game is this? I
don't have time for this Paige. The game's gonna be coming on in a few
minutes."

I answered solemnly, "It's not a game. I only wish it was, or a nightmare
that I could wake up from. It's not. I'm trapped in your wife's body."

Heath laughed. "Okay, okay. I'll bite. If you aren't Paige, exactly who are
you?"

I hesitated for just a second before answering. I knew that convincing Heath
that someone else was trapped in Paige's body was a hard sell, but my next
statement would be worse. "Uh, I'm a man. My real name is Steve, and ...."

Now Heath really began to get angry. "That's enough. This isn't funny at all.
Just go make dinner, damn it!" he exclaimed, raising his voice.

Heath's surge of anger made me sink further into his chair in fear of a
violent reprisal. The man was huge compared to the female body that adorned
my soul. However, it wasn't enough to make me give up my gambit and resolve.

"I'm telling the truth. You've got to believe me. Ask me anything. Ask me
things that only you or Paige would know," I yelled back at Heath.

That made Heath to stop for a moment. "Okay, okay. There's no reason to get
upset about this. I'll play your little game. All right?"

For the next 15 minutes, that is exactly what the two of us did. Heath
quizzed me on every aspect of he and Paige's life. The subjects varied from
the intimate to the mundane, from the profane to the sacred. In each and
every case, I knew nothing. All I could do was make stupid guesses.

"So. Are you convinced that I'm not Paige?" I posited.

"Just because you didn't answer my questions? Of course not. That proves
nothing."

"I didn't answer anything correctly," I protested. This was going down hill
fast.

"Or, you didn't answer right on purpose to try and convince me that you
aren't yourself."

Now I really felt like crying again. "There has to be a way to persuade you
that I'm not Paige. There's just gotta."

I had an inspiration. "You like sports! I know a lot more about sports than
Paige must have known."

Heath looked at me with a curious expression on his face. "I know one way
that you could convince me for sure."

That made me extremely excited. I had a chance. "What? Just tell me what it
is, and I'll do it."

"Well Paige had a very unique way of performing oral sex. Give me a blow job.
If you're not Paige, I'll know right away."

My heart sank. "No!" I moaned. "I can't!"

"It's your choice. It's the only way that I'd know for sure!"

Everything seemed to race around in my mind. I tried to think of another way,
but it was just no use. I had gone much to far down the road that I had
chosen. There was absolutely no way that I could backtrack to option number
one. There was no way that Heath would believe that now. Still, that damned
clock kept ticking.

I looked over to where Heath sat upon the couch. He was clad in only a robe,
since he came right out from the marital bed when he heard the person that he
thought was his wife crying. As I looked at Heath, he opened his robe and
showed me his rising manhood.

I had no idea what was worse, the fact that I was about to perform the
ultimate act of submission that a woman could do for a man, or the fact that
my heart was beating so fast in anticpation of the act. My nipples tightened,
and my pussy got wet once more. Yet again, my body was betraying me.

I couldn't even say a word. There was no need. I got up from my chair, and
cautiously inched over to where Heath was sitting. I slowly bent into a
kneeling position, reaching up to untie the belt of the robe, and completely
uncover the pulsing manhood Heath had revealed. When I spread the sides of
the robe from the very male body in front of me, I was confronted by a fully
erect example of the manhood that I myself had recently lost.

I placed his hands on Heath's rippled washboard abdomen. It was the kind of a
stomach that I once wished that I could have when I was a man. I wasn't a man
any longer. My fingers traced my fingers toward Heath's loins, but avoided
touching his cock for as long as possible. The penis was purplish-red as it
was quite engorged with blood. The shaft was extremely rigid, with veins and
ridges raised along it's side. A droplet of pre-cum appeared upon the tip of
Heath's cock.

Suddenly a wave of hormones ripped through my body. I realized that I had
been licking my lips during the visual inspection of Heath's manhood. I
leaned forward, before I could think about what I was doing, and took the
head of the dick into my mouth.

The sensation of having a male organ in my mouth was too incredible for me to
describe. I could feel a throbbing of my own in my moistening pussy. 

I slowly began to work my mouth up and down on Heath's long erect cock. It
seemed so much bigger than my own as his memory recalled. Of course, I had
never seen one so close before, in quite this way. Heath placed his hands on
either side of my head. He intertwined his fingers into my long braided hair
and tugged the French braids apart. He grabbed the hair that had come undone
and pulled me closer, forcing his dick even deeper into the throat of the
person he believed to be his wife. 

One of Heath's hands disengaged itself from my now loosely flowing hair and
pulled apart my blouse, sending the buttons flying. Heath tugged the bra down
and off of my heaving bosom. I felt yet another wave of wetness soak my loins.

I didn't try to pull away, I didn't try to escape. I realized I wanted this
now just as much as I expected Heath did. I couldn't even pretend it was his
prick any more, like earlier, it was all too seperated from my groin now, and
it no longer mattered. I just closed his eyes, enjoying the feel of having
the rigid manhood slide in and out of my wet, warm mouth. I ignored the
gagging reflex of having something so deeply into my throat, and buried my
nose all the way into Heath's pubic hair. 

This was so very different than the times I had pleasured my old girlfriends
with my old male lips and tounge. I was so lost in the intoxicating sensation
that he was experiencing that I didn't realize that one of my hands had
reached up to Heath's balls, and was fondling them. 

Shortly, I felt the cock in his mouth grow harder still. Then I tasted warm
salty liquid spurting into the back of my mouth. I swallowed and swallowed
until it was all gone. It was Heath who had to disengege me from trying to
suck out more cum from his dwindling penis.

I licked the stray droplets of his cum from my lips. It didn't taste as bad
as I thought it would. In fact it even tasted . . . delicious? Then I looked
up to him, from my submissive position to inquire, "Do you believe me now?"

"Yes," assured Heath. "I believe you, but I already knew. Something was 
weird today."

"W-what? H-how?" I stammered wide eyed.

"The way you fucked me in the bedroom. Paige is never that passionate. She
usually just lays there, like a dead body."

"T-then the blow job . . . "

"Just to make sure. Paige never gives me head. She thinks it's too disgusting.
It was a trick question!"

I felt like calling him a "bastard" for using me this way. I felt like
getting up and punching him, but I knew that I wasn't his physical equal. Now
that he knew that I was really a man in his wife's body, he was just as
likely to hit me. I had to repress my outrage at what had just happened to
make a plea for his assistance.

"T-then you'll help me then. You'll help me find my own body, and put things
right."

"No. I like things just the way they are now. You are a much better lover
than Paige ever was. It's like your soul was meant to be in her body. I don't
want to give that up."

Now I did rise up and try to pummel him with my small fists. They just
bounced harmlessly off of his broad chest. He plucked my hands away from his
chest with his much larger hands, like I was little more than a nuisance.

Then Heath asked me the most important question of my life. "Do you even want
to find her? You enjoyed it just as much as I did. I could tell. Search your
heart and ask if you really want to give up forever the pleasure that you
just experienced. You would never be able to feel that joy ever again."




(Epilogue)
By Raven


Exactly 6 months, and 2 days later.

Paige disembarked from the merchant marine vessel, "Abraham Lincoln." It had
been an eventful voyage to some of the Scandinavian countries, that afforded
her the opportunity to test, then perfect, the techniques of her new male
equipment. Each encounter only served to confirm her initial impression after
the switch. She didn't ever want to go back to being a woman again.

She enjoyed the power, the respect, and strength of being a man. Now that she
had Steve's body, she seemed to even learn and think faster. It didn't take
much time at all to figure out and master the engines of the "Abraham
Lincoln."

She did feel guilty about stealing Steve's body at first. However, that night,
when he didn't come back out from the apartment, she knew he had ended up in
bed with Heath. Paige was confident that Steve had taken to his new status,
just as she had done with hers. That initial guilt faded quickly.

Paige was really quite shocked when she saw her former body, and Heath locked
in an embrace, and kiss at the bottom of the ramp. They were both unaware of
Paige's approach, as it was obvious they were lost in each other.

Paige alerted them to her presence when she got to the bottom of the ramp, by
saying sheepishly, "Uh, hi guys!"

When they disentangled, and turned to face Paige, in Steve's body, she got
the second biggest shock of her life (the first would, of course, be getting
Steve's body). The breasts of her former body were three times the size than
when she last saw them. Steve had gotten them surgically enhanced!

"Oh my God!" exclaimed Paige, in her masculine voice before either Steve or
Heath could say anything.

**********

I looked down at myself, and thought, It's the boobs. I should have known
that she wasn't ready for that.

"Hello Paige!" greeted Heath.

Paige's stare was directed away from my chest to Heath's face. However, before
addressing him she looked back once more at my boobs. That stare, as it
always did from a man these days, made me swell with feminine pride.

Heath had been right, naturally. He was always right. I did want to stay as a
woman. The pleasure of making love to a man as a girl was too much for me to
give up. Once the decision was made, and I relaxed, the rest had been easy.

I never had to make decisions again, which was okay because it was usually
beyond my ability to understand. I let all the thinking up to Heath, and he
took care of me.

I just concentrated all of my thoughts on one thing, men, and turning them on.
It was the only thing that I was very good at, which was okay by Heath. I
made much better money as a stripper than I ever did working at Hooters.

Then again I couldn't be too sore about Hooter's. It did get me my start.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Caleb Jones and Raven


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





