BDSM Library - The Wedding from Hell




The Wedding from Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman's wedding day is supposed to be the most wonderful day of her life, a day that she'll always remember. In this story, the bride's wedding day was anything but the most wonderful day of her life, but certainly one that she would never forget. An old girlfriend of the grooms, was out for revenge, over the brides stealing her boyfriend, even though she hadn't even met him at the time that they broke up. She and her gang turn the wedding party into one big orgy, as they take the bride inside to change her attire into something very slutty and force the groom, their families and ALL of the guests to remove their clothing. The bride is brought back out, in a cupless bra that holds her huge tits up, making them really stick out, and her areolas have been tied with strings at their bases to make them stay erect. While she was getting prepared the gang has paired up all of the guests, where possible incestuously, father/daughter, mother/son, uncle/niece etc. They then have the groom pop the brides cherry while the other guests are fucking as well. The bride eventually has to service with all 3 of her orifices all of the men of both her family as well as the grooms. This is a short, very erotic story.
*************************************************************
NOTE TO READERS: The authors writing here in A.S.S.M. are not paid for the
wonderful stories that they write.  We have lost many authors, because they
don't believe that their work was appreciated.  If you enjoy a story that you
have read, email the author and let him/her know that you liked his work.
Even just a "Great story" note lets the author know that you appreciate
his/her work.  If you can, be a little more descriptive, tell the author what
you liked about the story.  You will be repaid ten fold, in more stories, as
the authors won't get disappointed and feel that their efforts are not
appreciated, and about the things that you really enjoyed, if you let them 
know what you enjoyed.
*************************************************************

               The Wedding from Hell
                  By Ted E. Bear


*************************************************************
WARNING:
This story is fiction, and should be treated as such. The following story is
for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit
sex.  If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, DO NOT read
any further. If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read it.

This is a copyrighted work.    Copyright 2001 by Ted E. Bear. Reposting or
any other use of it is strictly prohibited without the express, written
permission of the copyright holder, except that it may be posted as part of
a review or posted to a free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

DISCLAIMER:
All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone either alive or dead
is purely coincidental.

Please!    Send me your comments!

Email to "Ted E. Bear" tedebear690@yahoo.com
*************************************************************




                    Chapter 1 - 


Jennifer was the type of girl that all the other girls hated. She was a
beautiful, blonde, and blue-eyed with a figure that consisted of truly
unbelievable curves and a pair of tits that looked outrageously huge on her
otherwise petite body. She was on the short side of average at only 5'2" tall
and it didn't seem to matter what she wore, tight or loose, formal or casual
or even work clothes, her dynamite figure was easily discernable. To make
matters worse, for the other girls, she was always outgoing and friendly to
everyone, even those who openly put her down right to her face, making it
that much tougher to really hate her.

But hate her Sara did, as she felt that Jennifer had stolen her wealthy
boyfriend, and now was about to marry him, even though Jennifer hadn't
even met him at the time that they broke up. Jennifer hadn't met him until
six weeks later, and didn't start dating him until three months after Sara had
broken up with Tom. But Sara wasn't about to let the facts spoil her plans for
revenge.

It was a beautiful wedding, at the grooms parent's palatial estate way out in
the country. It was well attended over three hundred guests and twenty-five
employees, mainly waiters and waitresses and bartenders. Sara, and her band
of unsavory friends, waited to interrupt the proceedings until after dinner,
well after the couple had exchanged their vows. Since the house was perfect
for such a large affair, as many large affairs were held there, the only
person watching the front of the house was the butler, who answered the door,
when anyone rang the bell, as there were huge parking areas in front of the
house for just such occasions, so everyone parked their own cars and walked.

Sara and her band, hid out front, where they couldn't be seen, but could see
everything that was going on. Just before it was time to have her fun, one of
the guys cut the phone lines, while one of the others jammed the airwaves so
that even someone with a cell phone couldn't call out. Dawning skimasks, to
hide their identities, several of the guys then entered through the front door,
rounding up everyone inside of the house, herding them out to where the
party was taking place, while the rest took up positions around the perimeter
of the party. They were all carrying Uzi's, so that no one would even attempt
to stop them.

Sara and two of her henchmen, then went to get the wedding couple and
bring them up to the front, where a microphone was conveniently located.
The bride and groom were petrified, as they were forced up in front of
everyone. Although Sara would have preferred to have done the talking, she
knew that she wouldn't fool anyone and had her friend, an man, do it instead.
He was talking with the aid of a synthesizer, so no one would ever be able to
identify his voice, and they had carefully gone over the plan of exactly what
they would do to whom, what they would say to the assembled crowd and
how they would eventually get away.

While the man droned on that they were going to make this wedding an
exceptionally memorable one, for all who were in attendance, Jennifer was
taken into the house to be changed into her new party outfit by Sara and one
of the men. Once in the house, Jennifer was ordered to strip everything off,
other than her veil, and her white stockings. She was then forced to shave all
the hair off of her pussy. It wasn't that her sparse blonde hairs hid much, as
much as it was meant to embarrass her in front of her family, her husband's
family and all of their friends.

Jennifer did not do this willingly and in fact freaked out when the demand
was made, but she ultimately was convinced through the use of a cattle prod,
used freely on her huge tits, her belly, her ass and even her pussy itself.
After shaving her cunt, so that she looked like a little girl between her
shapely legs, she was helped into a Merry Widow corset, that shrunk her
already waspish waist down to a mere 16", while pushing her huge tits up and
together, thus making her already outrageously large breasts look even bigger.
The last change to her outfit was her new shoes. They were white patent
leather heels, just as the ones that she had just removed were, but these
were intentionally one size too small, and had 7" stiletto heels on them.

Before taking her back outside, her nipples were sucked on, until they were
quite erect, and then rubbed with ice, to get them even more erect than they
already were. In order to keep them nice and painfully erect the rest of the
night, small, dental rubber bands were slid down her breast stalks all the way
to their very base, trapping the blood inside her engorged teats. This was
repeated on her clit, which by the time that they finished with the ice, and
rubber banded it, it was so long that it stuck out between her labia. 

While Sara and the other man were inside getting Jennifer ready, the rest of
the gang had forced everyone, guests, families and servants to completely
undress. This brought a lot of moaning and groaning. Most of the women
where highly embarrassed by the request and balked, until one of the men
shot off several rounds into the air. Then everyone got out of their clothes
as quickly as they could, other than two women in wheelchairs, who had been
excused. 

Four of the gang members, who had set up bright flood light towers, so that
the party area was lit up as if it were daylight, were now walking around
video taping the men, women and children striping out of their clothes. The
more embarrassed and humiliated the subject was or the more haughty the
subject was, the more attention the cameras seemed to pay them. Therefore
the teenaged girls, those women in their very early twenties and the older
women, seemed to be getting more than their share of camera time.

Next the order came for husbands and wife's to hold hands, and children to
hold their parent's hands. This was a ploy to identify whom was with whom,
for the fun about to begin. Starting at the back tables, the gang began to
switch partners around, using the servants to fill in where needed. Where
possible, daughters where forced to pair up with their fathers, and if someone
had too many teenaged daughters, the black servants would get the older
daughter or daughters while daddy was paired up with his youngest teenaged
daughter. The girls and boys twelve and under where paired up and where
possible, they matched much older men with much younger women and
much older women with much younger men. The men were then told to sit
back down in their chairs. 

The sub-teen girls where then instructed to take their partner's cocks into
their mouths and begin sucking them and keep sucking them until the boys
came in their mouths. They were told that they had to swallow all of the
boys' cum and after the boys came, they were to switch, so that the girls now
sat in the chairs, their legs spread wide apart while the boys licked their
pussies and clits until the girls came, and the boys had to lick up every
loose drop, even if that meant making the girls cum again. They would then
keep on switching until they were told that they could stop. 

The newly assigned female partners where then instructed to sit down on
their partner's lap, taking their cocks into their pussies. The women wailed
and begged them not to make them do it, but another quick gun burst into the
air, got their attention, and to a woman, or girl, they did as instructed. The
women were then told, once they all were stuffed with cocks, to rapidly rub
their clits with one hand and squeeze their breasts with their other hand.

Once they were all doing as instructed, the men were then ordered to reach
their hands around the women's chest and to pinch and pull on the women's
nipples, and that they had better get their partners' nipples long and hard,
because if they didn't their own wives would get to have a gang bang

There was a lot of moaning, groaning and crying go on as the three hundred
plus guests, all completely naked were having sex with someone other than
their wives or significant others as Jennifer was led back out to the front of
the audience. With her hands behind her back, her fingers interlocked, and
her shoulders pulled back, plus the affects of the corset, shrinking her waist
and pushing her tits up and together, her tits not only looked huge, but were
being displayed like never before in her life. In addition, the shoes, which
were painfully crushing her feet, and causing her to walk on the very tips of
her toes, was causing her to hips to sway like some bimbo whore looking to
pick up a trick and also causing her well displayed tits to bounce and sway
with every step that she took. While she wanted to cry, as she was being
humiliated on the most special day of her life, she was being forced to smile,
or be zapped again with the cattle prod, allowing her husband, her family,
her husband's family and the other guests to think that she was enjoying
walking around, showing herself off like this. 

The women looked on with pity, in spite of their own dire circumstances
with a strange cock stuffed inside of their cunts. The men, on the other hand,
couldn't help but to openly leer at the young newly wed bride, with a body
that wet dreams were made of. Those men who weren't already fully hard,
with their johnsons stuffed inside of strange pussy, were now all rock hard
and ready for action, even if the woman sitting on their lap was a much older
woman or their young teenaged daughter.

Although it was dark out, the lighting towers that had been erected after the
gang took over had it so bright that it was like daylight in that portion of
the yard. Everyone seeing her front half, could easily see that her pussy was
hairless, her erect clit peeking out between her labia, as well as the fact
that her fully erect nipples were sticking out proudly, but whorishly, from
her huge boobs. When she arrived back up front, turned around and faced her
family, his family and the rest of the assembled guests, the announcer began
his spiel, in his mechanical, robot sounding voice.

"Well friends and relatives, as you know we are all gathered here for the
wedding of Jennifer to Tom and celebrate their joyous occasion. While we
all know what Tom and Jennifer planned to do, once they retired for the
night, I'm sure that more than one of you, wished you could be a fly on the
wall of that bedroom while they go to at it for the very first time. So we
decided, that you shouldn't have to imagine what they'll do, as we're going
to have them do it right here in front of you right now."

Having said that, four of the servants, including the butler, brought a twin
sized bed out and placed it in front of the microphone.

"Now Jennifer, I'm sure that you had a special negligee that you are going to
put on later, but we'll keep that a surprise for Tom. For now, dressed just as
you are, get into the bed on your back." When Jennifer had complied with
their command, he continued, "Now spread your legs apart real wide, so that
everyone here can get a good view of the treasures that you are bestowing on
your new husband....Good, now pull your legs back until your knees are on
either side of those huge, magnificent tits of yours.....Excellent!" he
exclaimed, just as a huge spot light was turned on, aimed right at her crotch,
really highlighting her pussy and ass hole.

"Now Tom, although she looks like she's already excited, as we can all see
the dew forming on those luscious pussy lips of hers, we wouldn't want you
to hurt her. So what I want you to do is eat her out to five good orgasms
before you stick that monster of a cock into her tight little pussy crack."

"You can't make me do that to my wife in front of all of these people!" he
exclaimed.

"Well, Tom, actually we can." and just then, Sara shoved the cattle prod
between his ass cheeks and fired.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggghhhhhhhhhh!!!!" he
bellowed in pain, jerking forward and off of the shocking device.

"But we're going to give you an option, either you do it, or we'll have your
black butler do it for you, like he has many other things since you were a
little boy. Which is it going to be? Are you going to do it like a man and be
the first tonight to have at your wife, or will your butler have to do your dirty
work for you?" he asked.

Realizing that he was beaten, the man who had put on the brave front just
moments ago relented, and climbed on to the bed where everyone would see
him having sex with his virgin wife for the very first time. He bent his head
down until it was hoovering just over her pussy crack. He was so close that
he could smell her sex. He stuck his tongue out and began licking around the
top of her lips as she got wetter and wetter. His tongue making contact with
her erect and supersensitive clit, as it licked over the top of her pussy
crack, where it was sticking out.

One of the camera men was standing right next to Jennifer's left boob and
had zoomed in so that Tom's face and Jennifer's pussy filled his lens.
Another man had taken a microphone and was holding it right below her ass,
picking up all of the sounds that Tom was making with his tongue as he
licked his wife's pussy, while yet another man was holding a microphone up
near Jennifer's mouth, to catch all the sounds that she would make in
response to being pleasured. Both microphones were tied into a mixer, which
sent the sounds out over the same Public Address speakers as the MC's
microphone, and were also being piped directly into the camera
photographing their love making.

It didn't take long before her juices were flowing freely, at which point Tom
began to stick his tongue inside of his young bride's snatch, and a loud,
lewd slurping sound was blaring out over the speakers as, in spite of the
humiliating openness of their love making, Tom started to get turned on by
his new wife's reactions to what he was doing to her, especially the copious
flow of her love juices. 

And Jennifer really was getting into it too, as attested to by the purring
sounds and obviously pleasurable moans emanating from her throat. While
these sounds normally would not have been loud, because there was a
microphone, essentially right in her crotch, and another at her mouth,
everyone could clearly hear the young couples noises as they began making
love to each other.

While they were going at it, the 60" TV from the family room had been
brought outside and set up to directly receive a signal from the cameras,
which were also all plugged into a video mixer, allowing the person
operating it to select one or more cameras views to throw up onto the screen.
For now, everyone was able to see Tom's tongue as it worked inside of his
wife's pussy, which now had fully engorged lips and was flowered open so
that you could actually see the dark pink interior of her cunt, blown up to
ten times it's real size.

While the wedding couple engaged in foreplay, so was the rest of the
gathering. The camera occasionally switched over to one of these odd
couplings. The first change over appeared to be a boy in his late teens, with
a wrinkled old lady, who looked old enough to be his grandmother, and in fact,
she was. The boy was just seventeen and the grandmother was in her early
seventies. It appeared that the boy was just trying to do what the men had
instructed him to do, which was abuse the old lady's nipples.

The grandmother kept saying over and over again, "How can you do this to
me, your very own grandmother." but in spite of her words, she was too, was
doing just what the men had instructed, and after taking her grandson's
substantial cock fully into her shriveled, due to lack of use recently, pussy,
she was rubbing away furiously at her clit, while squeezing her tits and
allowing the boy to pinch and pull on her nipples.

What was really upsetting the old lady, was that she knew, that when she
came, which she would from having practiced this in private almost daily for
most of her life, that her pussy would milk the boys cock, and while he might
not cum the first time, eventually her pussy would make him cum inside of
her. While she couldn't get pregnant anymore, it would be highly
embarrassing for her to be sitting on her grandson's lap, with his cock fully
impaled inside of her and then to have her pussy excite him into cuming
inside of her.

The second break away showed a very big man, about 6'4" and he had his
tiny thirteen year old daughter sitting on his lap, her cherry torn asunder
and his substantial cock buried to the hilt inside of her. Unlike the
grandmother who knew what would happen, this little girl barely knew about
the birds and the bees, much less what would ultimately happen. In addition,
she was very sore, both from having just lost her cherry and getting stretched
out so widely from her own father's prick and was whimpering in pain, but both
were doing as they had been instructed to do.

What made this second scene so funny, was that sitting next to them was the
mother and brother. While they too were doing as instructed, the mother kept
up a constant chatter, chastising the father and son. To her husband she kept
saying, "Lift her up, she's too little to take all of that monstrous cock of
your's." While to her son, she kept saying, "Just because they are forcing us
to do this, you don't have to be enjoying yourself so much."

The entire party was focused on the TV, men and women alike. The younger
members of the party were even more interested, especially those who had
never had sex before themselves. Tom was now mercilessly sucking on
Jennifer's clit, driving her arousal higher and higher as she was now bucking
her hips up into his face as he was driving her crazy with lust. She didn't
even have the normal situation where most of her bundle of nerves were
protected by the sheath of her clit hood, as it was sticking fully out in full
erection, trapped there by the tiny rubber band at it's base, preventing the
blood from escaping. Therefore, as Tom sucked and nibbled on it, he was
getting directly to the most sensitive parts of her clit.

Suddenly, Jennifer could take no more of his stimulation and her orgasm
washed over her. For just a few seconds, it was so intense, that she froze,
unable to move a single muscle anywhere in her entire body. Then, when her
ability to move again was recovered, she let out a scream of joy like a
banshee and began humping her cunt rapidly on and off of her husband's
face, uncaring that over three hundred people were watching her powerful
orgasm overtake her.

"Well," the MC announced as her scream died down. "it looks like Tom has
a talented tongue, that should keep Jennifer happy for years to come." In
spite of themselves, and the seriousness of what they were being forced to
do, several people in the crowd did laugh at the MC's joke.

The pairings, for the most part were by table, and the tables had been laid
out, for the most part either with all relatives or all friends, who knew each
other, where possible, the pairings ended up putting aunts and uncles with
their nephews and nieces, close friends swapping wives, and occasionally
men having at their best friend's daughters while their wives got their best
friend's sons. In some cases bringing to fulfilment some really nasty wet
dreams.

One of these pairs involved a 40 year old man, with his best friend's 17 year
old virgin daughter. He had been whacking off for years, imagining what it
would be like to get into the pretty teen's cunt, as she always wore clothes
that showed off her nubile, lithe body. She generally wore tight fitting low
cut tops, to really show off her large, firm tits, and either wore skin tight
short shorts, which occasionally showed a touch of bare ass cheek and
always molded to her fat labia, even showing off the crack separating them
or a skirt so short, that when she was seated, you could see the crotch of her
see through panties.

Now here she was sitting on dick, a thick seven incher, rubbing her clit and
squeezing her tits while he pinched her nipples, keeping them rock hard.
Although she was a virgin, and had just had her cherry popped, the girl was
highly excited and was also bouncing up and down on his dick, her pussy
opening up as she sank down on it and squeezing it tightly as she pulled up
off of it. Both had the look of pure lust on their faces, something that did
not go unnoticed by either her parents nor the man's wife.

Just as the girl was about to cum, the lights and the cameras focused on the
copulating couple. They ended up being one of the featured breakaways from
the action of the wedding couple. The girl came first and squealed in delight.
As her orgasm washed over her, she redoubled her efforts, rubbing her clit
even faster and also moving much quicker up and down on the shaft
impaling her virgin hole.

This was too much for the man that she was riding, and he came with a loud
bellowing, something he never did with his own wife, which pissed her off
to no end. The girl was at the exact right point in her cycle to get knocked
up, and since she wasn't on the pill, and he squirted into her unprotected
pussy, he did indeed impregnate her, right there for everyone to see.

Meanwhile Tom had gotten Jennifer off to three really large orgasms with
just his tongue. Due to time constraints, the MC announced that it was time
for him to make his wife a woman, and consummate their marriage. Before
they allowed Tom to get between her legs, one of the gang came over and
rubbed a paste on Jennifer's clit, they would later find out that it was
cocaine.

As Tom moved between his wife's legs, the cocaine kicked in and Jennifer
became a wild woman, begging and pleading with her husband to hurry up
and stick his "big cock" into her "pussy". Tom was so aroused at this point,
he didn't care if he had an audience or not, and not so gently shoved his
long, thick prick all the way into her virgin cunt in one thrust. Jennifer
was so turned on by this point, that she only felt a little sting, as her
husband's ten inch prick tore right through her hymen and stretched out her
virgin passage mercilessly. The cocaine acted as a very powerful aphrodisiac.

While Tom was fucking his own wife for the first time, the gang rounded up
the parents of the bride and groom. They made them switch partners, with
each of the mothers bending over facing the bride on either side of the bed,
while a man other than their husband fucked them doggy style. This way
each wife and husband, as well as their children, could watch while the
others were copulating.

The husbands were each told that after they got their dicks in to the in-law's
wife's cunt, that they were to reach around grab her tits and pull on her
nipples while they fucked her. The women were told to fuck the men back at
the same pace as they were getting fucked and to reach between their legs
with one of their hands and caress the balls of the man fucking them.

So now, right up in the front, and on the TV screen were the three couples
fucking, Tom and Jennifer, the bride and groom, taking up the center half of
the screen, his parents and her parents, though not with their normal
partners, each mating couple getting a quarter of the screen for their
illicit copulating.

All three women's moans and groans were amplified, much to their horror as
all three men vigorously fucked them, grunting as each cock was fully
impaled inside of them. Jennifer's though were louder and wilder than the
two older women, thanks to the cocaine that had been rubbed into her clit. It
didn't take long before all six people came with loud orgasms, virtually
simultaneously, one right after the other, Jennifer, then Tom, then her
father, his mother, his father, and finally her mother.

The six were then each give a glass of "punch" to drink, spiked with Viagra,
to keep them going, and an aphrodisiac, to make them want to keep going.
The punch was also passed out to everyone else attending to make this one
hell of an orgy.

Jennifer was then made to bet on her elbows and knees, her ass high in the
air. Her father was handed a tube of KY Jelly, and told to lube his daughter's
virgin ass and his own cock. He was then forced to get up on his knees
behind his daughter and take her virgin anal cherry. He really didn't want to
do this, so, when he balked, they shoved the cattle prod between his ass
cheeks and thumbed the switch. As his hips jerked forward, he forced half of
his long thick prick into her ass, tearing a shriek of pain from his little
girl. They thumbed it again, forcing him to roughly the shove the rest of his
cock into her ass so hard, that it looked like he was trying to even get his
balls into her ass.

Jennifer was screaming and crying in pain as her father, realizing that he
really didn't have an option, fucked her ass hard and fast. The even made
him grip her tits while twisting her nipples as he jack hammered her ass with
his thick prick. While her father was fucking her, Tom was forced to butt
fuck his own mother, and her oldest brother was fucking their mother, all
three scenes being broadcast up on the big screen TV.

While the main scene was going on up at the front, the guests weren't being
left out either. The gang had gone through and switched all of the partners.
While everyone was aghast at what was going on, being forced to have sex
with people other than husbands and wives, and even worse, right out in
front of everyone as it were, secretly, most of the people were having the
times of their lives. The old ladies who hadn't had a cock in years, the
older men being forced to deflower the teenaged girls or have sex with a
teenager or girl in her early twenties, even those girls, most of them were
enjoying the freedom of having sex even if they would never willingly choose
the partners that the gang was choosing for them. In part because they
couldn't be held accountable for their actions, under the circumstances, and
in part because of how hot it was to be participating in a real live orgy,
visually seeing all of the weird and unusual couplings.

Since her father had already cum once, Jennifer had two orgasms, in spite of
the initial pain, before her father dumped his load into her ass. She then
had to accommodate Tom's father in the same way. Before her next coupling,
they rubbed more cocaine on her clit, to get her hot again. After she fucked
both of her brothers, they began pulling up, both her and his uncles and
cousins, to have a go at her. In each case, she had to put the cock right up
to her fuck hole, before the man was allowed to begin fucking her and while
they screwed, the two had to passionately French kiss. 

While Tom was forced to watch his virginal wife, take on man after man, he
was not going without. He was forced to fuck his mother-in-law twice,
Jennifer's sister as well as his own sister. Had it not been for the viagra,
he probably wouldn't have been able to accomplish this goal that had been set
for him.

By 11:00, Jennifer had fucked all of their relatives at least once, including     
her father in each of her orifices. They now brought up all of the teenaged
boys, as they were always randy and could still get their cocks up. The first
boy was told to lay on his back, then Jennifer had to straddle his hips and
guide his cock into her cunt as she slowly sank down on it. Another boy was
placed in front of her and she was told to deep throat him. As the boy's cock
struck the entrance of her throat, she instinctively pulled back. As she
backed up, she skewered her ass hole right onto the waiting cock of yet
another boy who was going to butt fuck her.

It was quite a sight watching Jennifer take on three horny teenaged boys, all
at the same time, as she rocked back and forth between sucking one cock all
the way down into her throat while pulling off of the other two and then
sinking back onto those two while she pulled off of the shaft in her mouth
and throat. There were about twenty teenaged boys there, and as soon as one
came inside of her, he would quickly pull out, only to be replaced by another,
and each boy got a shot at each of Jennifer's fuck holes. While this may have
been a really long ordeal with older men, since all of her partners were horny
teenaged boys, they all came quickly and they all recovered quickly for
another go at her.
While Jennifer was servicing three cocks at the same time, looking all the
part of a real slut whore, Tom was forced to watch her standing up right next
to the bed, while an equal number of teenaged girls were forced to deep
throat his cock and eat out his ass, with the one sucking on his cock fondling
his balls at the same time. Tom was kept in a state of erection for hours,
something he'd never accomplished before, and had cum so many times that
he'd lost track of how many times. His cock was so sore, that he wanted
these young girls to stop sucking on him, but he had no option there to make
them stop. While it had felt great at first, having so many young mouths
sucking and licking his prick, it had gone from pleasure, to nothing, to now
painful to keep doing so.

His cock was so abused, that it would be weeks before he would be able to
have sex with Jennifer again, and in fact, instead of leaving on the
honeymoon in the morning, he'd be going to the doctor, it was so bad. It was
sort of like a little kid who loves candy, being turned loose in a candy store
and allowed to eat anything he wanted and as much as he wanted. Of course
the little kid over does it and gets sick. And that's exactly what happened to
Tom, although not by choice.

When the teenaged boys were through with her, the black servants, waiters
and bartenders took a crack at her. Jennifer was placed on her hands and
knees, and had to take on each of the twelve men doggy style in her pussy, as
Sara wanted there to be a chance that Jennifer would get knocked up by one
of them. The men, all naked just like the guests now, kneeled up one after
the other, behind the white beauty. Unbelievable as it might seem, they all
happened to be well hung with very thick, 9"-11" cocks. As instructed, every
last one of them grabbed her hips, and shoved his cock fully into her cunt on
the very first thrust, and immediately began fucking the white girl long and
hard. Also as instructed, each of them grabbed onto her huge tits, and used
them to force her to rock back and forth on their long shafts in time with
their motions.

Jennifer, in spite of having been a virgin at the beginning of the evening and
having already taken on some many cocks already, went multi-orgasmic as
these virile men with their long, thick cocks fucked her brains out. Although
they were pulling and pushing her to move, she was noticeably moving on
her own. She was wailing, moaning and groaning in delight, and shrieking at
the peak of her orgasms and her hair was whipping around. No one looking
on could assume anything other than she was fully enjoying being used as
she was. What they couldn't see, but the men fucking her could feel, was that
she was opening her cunt wide to accept their long, thick shafts, as they
impaled deep into her pussy, and then clamped down tightly as the men
pulled out of her, as if she didn't want them to take their cocks out of her
cunt. Then when she would cum, which was most of the time that they were
fucking her, her cunt would milk their cocks, trying to coax their baby
making fluids from them.

After the last man came inside of her, Jennifer passed out from exhaustion,
but completely content with the excellent fuck fest just given to her. The
gang quickly gathered up their things and put them into their vans, and
gathered up all of the cell phones into a single bag, to insure that the
police weren't called so quickly, advising the people that they could retrieve
them down the road. Of course, that would be after they got their cars running
again, as they had opened all of the hoods and disconnected important wires.
Then they left.

                      Epilogue

Jennifer and Tom had a mulatto child nine months later that Jennifer insisted
on keeping. Three years later they were divorced and Jennifer won half of
Tom's inheritance as well as a substantial alimony payment. Jennifer now
works as a stripper two nights a week and a high priced call girl the rest of
the week.

Five of the girls, under the age of 21 also ended up pregnant from that night,
and to a girl, their babies were given up for adoption. Fourteen wives,
between 21 and 38 also got pregnant that night, half had abortions, while the
other half kept the babies. The one surprise pregnancy was a 55 year old
widow, who amazingly kept the baby.

Half a dozen of the girls, who had been forced to fuck their own fathers that
night, ended up having regular sex with their fathers, and in one case her
brothers as well. A dozen of the wives, also began having regular sex with
their son or sons. Eight of the girls, who lost their virginity that night became
sluts, giving their pussy to any boy who wanted to fuck them, as they felt that
was their only purpose in life. Six later became professional prostitutes.

What happened to Sara and her gang? Well they got away clean, no had seen
their faces, nor had they left fingerprints anywhere, and of course, no one
would be able to tell what their real voices sounded like, as they had used
mechanical devices to disguise their voices. Sara did keep all of the videos
of all the action, and also started an album, detailing Jennifer's pregnancy,
the fact that her baby was bi-racial and then her career as a stripper and a
whore.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ted E. Bear


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





