BDSM Library - Renegade's Revenge - Dark Love 2




Renegade's Revenge - Dark Love 2
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dark Love 2, A RENEGADE'S REVENGE, the tale that began with Dark Love 1 continues. A marked and protected mortal pet of one of the Elder Kin, the Vampyr, is kidnapped, tortured and branded before her master can save her. The second of the trilogy deal with SM/BD/DS. A truly romantic tale, but one that also has rape, incest, slavery torture and snuff.Renegade's Revenge  
DARK LOVE 2  
By: V.L. Marquette  
Lightly edited by; Ravyn  
 (Author's Note) Okay, this time I do believe I am going to get it all out
  first so I don't have to keep going back and repeating myself.  
*****NO ONE, and I do mean NO ONE.*****  Under
  the age of eighteen or who lives in area's where this sort of reading material
  is considered illegal should read ant farter.  
 Now having said that, if you are still with me, the material within these
  pages is Fiction. Thus saying, anything any resemblance too anything or anyone
  living or dead, or in the vampires case, Undead are purely coincidental. I
  mean let us all be real for just one moment. This is a vampire erotica, as
  in smut. True high-class smut, but it is smut nonetheless.  
 So, now that I have your complete and undivided attention, have fun.  
Vampire's and Mage's and Blood Bond's oh my. 
DARK LOVE 2 
The Further Erotic Adventures of the Undead  
RENEGADE'S REVENGE 
Prologue 
 It was there, again, over and over, the same thing. It teased him, tormented
  him. It haunted his sleep and distracted him in his waking hours. This infernal
  call a summons over and over again. 
 He ached to answer it. To reach out and respond to the caller, but it had
  been too many years. Too much had happened since last he spoke to one of his
  Kind. Even if he 'could'  answer them, would they welcome
  him, allow one such as he into, their, midst? How he wanted to know the truth,
  needed to know it. 
 But even as he began to reach out for it, to begin some attempt at answering
  the one who set forth the call, it was gone. One moment it was so painfully
  sweet, the next silence, cold silence. And he could do nothing more than rage
  and rant in his unconscious state, to weak, to afraid to do anything about
  it. 
 It is a lie that says vampires don't dream, that in the day light hours
  they feel and know nothing. For they are as aware of the world around them,
  even in their sleep, as most mortals are fully awake. It is just that they
  simply can't do anything about it. Their bodies in a half limbo state of part
  sleep part waking and part dreaming. So though he lay there, wanting, needing
  to rage, to scream, to do anything to express his pain, he could do little
  more than sob quietly, tears the color of blood as he shredded the sheets,
  the only tribute to the pain that was tearing him apart. * Help
  me  . *   His soul cried out into the darkness.
  * Don't leave again help me I don't know how to answer you  .
  *   Perhaps it was his hopes, or maybe his madness, which made him
  feel that someone heard him then, that the cry ripped from his pain and fired
  by his loneliness reached someone, and for one brief moment, just a whisper
  in time, he felt a response. 
 Someone had heard him, someone knew he was looking, and that someone would
  find him. And than everything would return to the way it once was, before his
  Master, died, over two hundred, years ago. 
CHAPTER 1  
 The banging echoed through her head as she stumbled down the hall. "All
  right already, give it a rest." The bolt stuck as she tried to throw it, causing
  her to have to struggle with the mechanism. "Do you mind?" She winced at the
  bright light that streamed in. "People are trying to die in here." 
 "Robby?" Hand's and arms. "Are you all right? Did they hurt you?" The scent
  of Old Spice was almost overwhelming. 
 She struggled to pull away. "Come on Adrian, back off, I'm fine." The light
  hurt her eyes, just another pain to add to the throbbing already tormenting
  her. "Do you have any idea what time it is?" Back away, move back into the
  room, away from the bright pain. "Don't just stand there, come on in, and close
  that damned door." 
 Relief battled with anger over her. He had been so worried when the call
  came in this morning. "Detective Charles," he began, as anger won out, she
  should have called him. 
 "I know what Chuckles told you. He carried on about it with me for an hour
  after the emergency room released me. Now I'm going to tell you the same thing
  I told him. Then I'm going back to bed till a decent hour of the night." She
  pulled herself up to the full length of her five foot nine inches, brushed
  back a lock of electric blue hair, and stared her brother down. "I am not going
  to hide. It's not my fight, and I won't live in fear, you piss off people,
  I get beat up. It's becoming a regular ritual in my life." She threw herself
  onto the couch, she knew that look her brother was giving her, and gave in.
  There would be no sleep for a while. 
 Adrian Carr, at 32 was the youngest District Attorney in the history of
  Chicago. Anti-crime, anti-drug, anti-prostitution, anti-damned near everything
  that didn't fit into his white picket fence, two point five kids, wife and
  a dog lifestyle. He even voted for a strong pro-gay and Lesbian rights bill.
  The, only, problem was unlike most idealistic fools, he was successful. The
  major crime syndicates in the entire city were beginning to feel the pressure
  of his raids, and crackdowns. Business began to suffer. So they got it into
  their heads to teach him a lesson. 
 Unfortunately they learned quickly, that not only was her brother serious
  about turning the fair city into the ideal place for children and little old
  ladies, but they couldn't scare him either. After six failed assassination
  attempts, they gave up on him, and turned their attention on the only thing
  of value he had that they could hurt. 
 His, sister. 
 Robyn Carr, twenty-three years old and the only living relative he had,
  and a bone in his side. He hated everything she stood for, from the top of
  her electric blue head, to the bottom of her dainty army boot clad feet. But
  he loved her, even admired her for her persistence and dedication to the way
  she wanted to live her life. Though if she put one more hole in her face he
  swore he'd throttle her. 
 "What the hell happened?" His rage was building. "I thought I told you not
  to go anywhere alone." 
 "Yeah, I know. I fucked up. I had a problem with my drums, so I sent them
  on ahead. It was stupid, and it won't happen again." 
 Adrian ran a hand through his short well-groomed hair. "You have to listen
  to me Robyn. It's not like it used to be. These guys are serious. You're the
  only thing they can use against me, and every time I pick you up from the hospital
  or find out about it, it hurts me." 
 She made a disgusted noise at him, shaking her head. "Oh, please Addy, I've
  only been to the hospital twice. The other three times I gave them what for
  and beat it the hell out of there." She touched her head, wincing. "They aren't
  going to kill me. That would take the only leverage they have over you away." 
 "Damnit Rob," he could strangle her. Why couldn't she get the message? "You
  could disappear tomorrow, and I'd not know if you were alive or dead. Then
  if they needed to get my attention, to get a point across, I'd start getting
  little boxes with pieces of you in them." 
 "Adrian Matthew Carr." She began to laugh. Coughing suddenly as her head
  almost exploded with pain. "Get real, this is the new millennium. They don't
  do that, you've been watching too many old bad mobster movies." 
 "I'm serious this time. I'm assigning you a police escort until this blows
  over." 
 "Like hell you 'are'  ." Pain forgotten, she come off
  the coach with one fluid motion to face the older man. "You let me see a cop
  within a mile of me, just once, and I'll go so far underground you'll have
  to ask 'their'  help to find me. I mean it Addy." She
  stood nose to nose with him, eyes daring him to take up the challenge. He hated
  her height, she use to be so easy to tell what to do, but a growth spurt late
  in puberty took her from five foot four inches, to five foot nine inches, in
  less than a year. "You sic the law on me, even for one night, and I'm gone." 'Cop's,  G'damn,
  that's all I need. Bad enough that my brother is the DA., but if I went around
  sporting a police escort, there isn't a place in town that would let me in,
  much less play'  . 
 Adrian grabbed her by the arm. "I'm trying to protect you." He dragged her
  down the hall to the bathroom. "Look at yourself. Look at what they are capable
  of doing. Don't be so damned stupid. Don't you think it could get worse?" He
  was almost yelling at her. 
 She had to admit as she looked at her face, that there just might be certain
  logic to his position. Her face was black and blue, it would be weeks before
  the stitches came out of her nose and lips, and she could have her piercing
  redone. As is, when she went to play, she was going to have a hard time convincing
  some of the patrons that she wasn't up to their sport. And she didn't need
  to get undressed to know her ribs and torso looked a lot like her face. Thank
  God they didn't know about any of her other piercing's. "Well?" He demanded. 
 Adrian rarely pressed anything when it came to her. She'd taught him a long
  time ago that it just wasn't worth it. But on the occasion that he did, she
  had come to learn that he was going to get his way. They were after all brother
  and sister, and when it all come down to it, very much alike. "All right," she
  sighed. "I'll hire a body guard, one of my own kind, but no cops. Damn blue
  suits would end up getting killed going into some of the places I play." 
 "I want." He began. 
 "Look," she pulled her arm away. "I'll play the game, okay, but I'm making
  the rules. I promise for what I can offer to pay a guy, I'll get the best.
  He'll be more than any four guys can handle, so between the two of us, I'll
  be cool. I'll try to stay with the band when I'm out, and keep the doors locked
  and Yin and Yang with me in the house. Cool with you?" 
 He wanted to say no, he wanted to insist that she allow him to protect her
  with everything he had. But he also knew his sister. The same criminals he
  arrested she knew, and in some cases were friends with. She had made a concession,
  and she was right, anything he assigned to her, would probably cause more trouble
  than it prevented. "All right, the guy you get would probably do a better job
  anyway. And I won't give you the lecture about strange men staying in the house." 
 "Why not? Every time I get a boyfriend, you run him off. But thanks for
  the kindness anyway. Who knows, if I play my cards right, I can get my body
  protected and laid." She chuckled at her brothers stricken face. "Get out of
  here Addy, it's late and I had a hard night. I'll put out the call; I'll be
  covered before nightfall. But right now, I need sleep." 
 He fought down his brotherly instincts and nodded. "All right, go get your
  rest. I'll leave it up to you. Just be very careful whom you let in. If he's
  good enough to keep you from getting hurt, it's a given he's good enough to
  hurt you." 
 "Chill, unlike regular suits, my kind don't knife each other in the back,
  I'll be fine. Now get the fuck out. You irritate me and your cologne is making
  me want to hurl." 
* * * 
 The phone rang five times before the machine picked it up. "Yeah, yeah,
  I know you're asleep, I wish I were." She muttered, irritably. "Yeah Will,
  this is Robyn, sorry for calling you at this unholy hour, but I need a favor.
  I need a bodyguard. Free room and board plus a ten thousand a week under the
  table, and Will, I need him for night, nine p.m. to five a.m., full time. And
  I need him to be good. I got hit last night, and I look like an extra from
  a snuff film. So do your work my friend and save me from my brother." There,
  at, ten thou a week and the use of the house, he shouldn't have any problem
  finding just the person for her. She turned off the light and curled up to
  go back to sleep. 
* * * 
 Will, listened, to the message for the third time. When Rob called him it
  was important, but to call before five p.m., and leave a message that wasn't
  obscene was disturbing enough. But the fact that she was tagged again last
  night and it scared her, 'the  wicked bitch
  of the west'  , scared her badly enough to want a bodyguard. And
  the sum of ten thousand a week, room and board, tax-free, it must mean that
  her brother had pissed off the wrong people. 
 William Andrew, better known was William the Good, was no fool. If Robyn
  had called him and left it there, he knew she was counting on him. "Nine p.m.,
  Hmmm." It was a thought, did he dare. "Shit." 
 He had gotten his name William the Good from his knack for fixing problems.
  It was a gift, he just always knew the person for the job, and it didn't matter
  what it was. He could fix it. It wasn't a bad gift, matter of fact it had been
  very handy all through his life. It left him with a lot of folks owing him. 
 Except for Robyn Carr. 
 Of all the people in the world, she was the only one he owed anything to,
  and owed big. She had funded his security service interest free for the first
  two years he was working, till he had enough men and women and enough scared
  rich clients to pay the bills, himself, and he still hadn't paid her back fully.
  She was also his closest friend and confidant. So when she called, he'd best
  have the solution or he would end up very, very sorry. 
 Okay so it was a wild thought, but Rob was that kind of girl. If anyone
  else other than him could handle it, it was Robyn. Further more it would solve
  two problems at the same time. What to do to protect her, and how to get the
  guy out of his basement. There was only one catch in this a wrinkle in what
  would otherwise be the perfect solution. 
 The problem had a name. It was Zachary Forrest, Zak to all that called him
  friend. He was perfect, could only work nights, and no one, and William could
  attest to it, no one could beat him. Male through and through friendly, protective
  just what the doctor ordered. With one minor draw back. 
 Zak Forrest was a vampire. 
 It had been the only drawback in his illustrious career as a fixer. He'd
  inherited Zak from an old friend before she died. And promised before he fully
  understood what it meant, to help Zak to stay safe. 
 You would think that a vampire would be able to take care, of, himself amass
  a fortune or two or something. But Zak was fairly young for a vampire, just
  around two hundred and thirty years old, and had a bad habit of not understanding
  the way things were. It had something to do with all the technology and advances
  that had been made while he lived hiding in the woods, waiting for his master
  to return and teach him the ways of the night 
 Bad thing was his Master never came back. And when civilization reached
  the poor guy, he wasn't prepared. 
 Cindy's father had been the first. And William never got the full story
  on how old man Hall ended up benefactor instead of lunch, but apparently a
  deal was made. 
 Cindy got him when she was fourteen and her father was killed. To do Zak
  justice, he cared for the little sick girl as best he could. Her medical bills
  were paid, the house kept up, and the last six years of her life were ones
  of relative safety and comfort. 
 That's how he got into the picture. Cindy went to school with him way back
  when. They even dated until she began to really get sick and couldn't take
  it anymore. 
 He was her friend, her closest and most trusted friend, out side of Zak.
  So when she broke down on her deathbed and begged him to make sure that Zak
  was never left alone to fend for himself, that he'd always have a home. He
  had agreed. Shit, so what if the guy lived on a liquid diet. Cindy had sworn
  that in all the time she had known him, he'd never killed, had never hurt anyone.
  And in the last four years, William himself had seen that all in all, Zak was
  damn fine men with just one small hang up. And he had never really regretted
  his moving the vamp into his basement. 
 But could Robyn live with this? She was known for being friends with every
  strange psycho in town, but he had to admit, they were at least human. Could
  he convince her that Zachary Forrest was the best man for the job? 
 Well it came down to one thing and one thing only. Vampire or no, Zak could
  protect her better than anyone he knew. Would in fact become almost unbearable
  in his duty. And that was what was important, not that Robyn would have a fit,
  or that he would spend several hours convincing her that he didn't bite. 
 Okay he bit, but it wasn't bad, hell he'd been on the receiving end more
  times than he could count and other than the first pain, it was really cool. 
 His mind wandered back to the first time. It had been right after Cindy's
  funeral. Zak had not left her side at the end, other than to escape the light
  of day. Suffered terribly to be at the funeral, that had been conveniently
  planned in the evening, so that she would be buried as the sun set. Will had,
  known about the legend that vampires could not stand the sun, it burned them.
  But never fully understood why before then. But looking back on Zak standing
  there in the summer in a suit and tie, with a hat, a hat for the love of Christ,
  and a coating of sun Protestant so heavy on his skin he looked like he was
  sweating. But he had been there, and afterwards, as he lay on Will's couch
  he answered the one question no one had ever answered before. 
 'It was the ultra-violet rays of the sun; several of the wavelengths
      were deadly to his kind. Sort of like skin cancer gone berserk. UV protections
      helped some now, where fifty years ago he would have never been able to
      stand there, now with a UV Protection of thirty-five he was only severely
      sunburned'.  
 'He hadn't eaten in over a week. Had only the barest of essentials
      for over two months, slipping out when Cindy slept to pick someone up,
      and well, okay so he was known as a real fast fuck, he'd kept the beast
      down'.  
 'So he sat there on Will's couch, looking at him. It was Will's
      responsibility now, just like it had been Cindy's before she had gotten
      too sick to feed him. But that first night, Will wasn't too sure he wanted
      this'.  
 "'I can't go out'."   He remembered the soft, painfully
  apologetic words . "'Not like this, not till I heal, I must feed'."  
 "'Yeah, Cindy warned me about this part of the deal'  ." God,
  but he had never been so afraid in his life. This was a vampire, a real live,
  or at least not totally dead, vampire, and he was about to be lunch. 
 "'William'."   Suddenly a soft voice in his ear as
  Zak moved    with a blink to pin him to the chair he was
  in.  "'It is never easy the first time. I know this. You are frightened.
  But I never hurt Cindy, in all the time I cared for her and lived off her life,
  I never hurt her. I never hurt any of those I have fed from once she was too
  weak to live for both of us. I will never hurt you. I am what I am, a creature
  of your nightmares, and the beast lives in me, but I will never hurt you. You
  must believe that or I am doomed. For from sun up to sunset I sleep. I am helpless,
  and not all the locks in the world will keep me safe if you choose to harm
  me'  ." That voice so soft when he wanted it to be, so persuasive.
  Zak could sell living room furniture to the homeless.  "'Do not be
  afraid, my friend. Let me take you. The pain at first is light, and afterwards'&mdash;"   soft
  lips brushed his cheek . "'It is a lie, the myth that we can not
  have physical pleasure. We are sterile, but we are also sensual people'."  
 "'No'"   Will, had, been surprised that he had, voice,
  or will at all. "'Please'."  
 "'Ssshh',"   Zak touched his lips with a finger.  "'I
      will take care of everything, my friend. There will be no pain. I would
      never hurt you. I can make it wonderful'."  
   Will tried to pull away from the soft mouth the brushed
  his lips struggled at the fingers that worked his belt.  "'Look'."   He
  gasped for breath as Zak's mouth left his and moved to nuzzle his throat. "'You
  don't have to do this. I swear here look, my throat. Go on, I won't fight you,
  I promise. Just keep your hands out of my pants, that's one place I don't want
  your teeth'."  
 "'Why William'."   Zak chuckled . "'Do you
      mean to tell me you have a homophobic streak, you'?"   He looked
      down at William slender build.  "'I would have never guessed'."  
 "'I'm not gay, okay. I don't care, who, sleeps with, what it's
      not my business. But I'm not gay, so if all your looking for is lunch,
      well I won't fight you. But please, if you have any feelings at all, if
      you cared for Cindy half, as much as I did, don't do that to me. I was
      her friend, her'&mdash;"   How cold he tell this man, no vampire,
      must never forget that, that he'd been her first. 
 "'Ah, so I have you to thank for that'."   A warm smile,  "'it
      had troubled me, I could not give her what I have offered you. I would
      not take a virgin to my bed. Some things I feel should be left to mortals.
      But afterwards, yes my friend, I cared for her dearly. And I will not harm
      you, close your eyes, trust her faith in me, if nothing else'."  
 The first time is the most memorable. William had been terrified; he almost
  fought as he felt the sharp pressure on his throat. Then, there really is no
  way to describe it. It's like music and light, inside of you pouring out. The
  feelings that flooded him were so intensely pleasurable, that he lost all control
  of himself, and as Zak pulled away, wanted to die of embarrassment. "'Ssshh,"   again
  that soft voices,  "It happens, there is no shame. It has nothing
  to do with sexual preference. It just is. That was why I trying so hard to
  seduce my partners. It's less awkward."   He pulled away slowly.  "Are
  you all right, my friend? I took less than a pint, you are safe'."  
 He had wanted to melt into the floor, looking up at this creature that was
  smiling so concerned, his, hands slowly covering the wet spot on his denims.  "'I'--"   It
  was horrifying .  
 "'Yes I know, the act of feeding is a sensual one as well as a
      necessary one. I'm not sure why, I had meant to ask my Master when he returned,
      but alas I never had the chance. Are you mad at me'?"  
 To this day he still blushed after feedings, but no he had never, not even
  in the beginning, been mad at him. It was his way, and as long as William refused
  to actually go to bed with him, it remained part of the process that neither
  could control. 
 But he had to refuse every time. To this day, Zak still tried to seduce
  him. Though now William was beginning to believe it was out of some need for
  ritual, rather, than true desire. 
 "Okay, first things first." He muttered heading for the basement. It was
  June sunset was about eight thirty or so. But Zak had slept enough that it
  shouldn't be impossible to wake him. 
 Cindy had left Zak part of her inheritance that was left over after her
  death, and with it, they had fortified a room, so that no light would ever
  pass. The locks were strong, and almost unbreakable. The alarm system was his
  idea. A good one too, he congratulated himself as he turned it off. It had
  stopped two kids from walking in and snooping around once. He wasn't sure who
  was more scared at the time. Zak who was just rising when the alarm went off
  or the two boys who ran screaming from the house as Zak roared at them. 
 Chuckling he went down the stairs. 
CHAPTER 2  
 Azrael lay on his bed, troubled. He had been putting forth the welcoming
  summons for a little over two months now. And for the most part things were
  moving along as scheduled. But now it looked like he was in for a major set
  back. 
 The decision to welcome orphaned Rogue had not been an easy one. On one
  hand, they had a right to petition for help from those of the Lines, but on
  the other, so many of them were so poorly trained that allowing them into proper
  society was an invitation for disaster. 
 Oddly enough it had been Morgan, one of his precious, Chosen, who had put
  it into perspective. If no one was willing to live up, to, their duty to these
  folks, and offer them the aid that is supposed to be theirs by birthright.
  Then no one in the Lines really had room to complain when a Rogue went Renegade.
  Or created children, that, were little more than animals. It was, all, well
  and good to talk about old law, living it was another matter 
 But he never would have guessed, in, another three thousand years, that
  his decision to open the call to those who are Rogue would bring him such painful
  news. 
* * * 
 Michael looked up from the couch, where he sat with Jason and Amber, suffering
  through what the gang liked to call 'Vampire Night'  .
  Once a month the girls would run to the movie rental store, and gather up some
  of the worst written most poorly directed and abominably acted vampire movies
  ever to disgrace the screen. "Is it that time again, already?" He motioned
  to the TV. Which was playing 'The Hunger'  , with David
  Bowie and Susan Sarandon. 
 "Yes, I tried to stop them, but I was too late. Be warned, it is one of
  those nights." He held up the casing for 'Life Force'  ,
  just to watch his Sire and friend flinch. 
 "Well, let them have their fun, they have so few opportunities to do things
  that they know I will not like, and get away with it. But if you can pull yourself
  away from the screen, I have something to show you." 
 Michael raised an eyebrow at his Sire. This was unlike Azrael, who usually
  greeted each and every one of his mortals every night. Even now as he looked
  at the man who had given him the night, he could feel eyes behind him. Some
  were just merely curious while others were worried. "Master?" He pulled himself
  free from his two moving to answer Azrael's request. 
 Azrael led him down the hall, back to his private resting-place. "I sent
  out the summons again." 
 Every nerve in Michael's body tensed. He had never heard Azrael sound like
  this before, so troubled, so pained. "What is it?" 
 "I'm not sure. But just as I was waking, and the call was coming to an end,
  I felt something. A need a pain like I have never before felt. There was a
  youngling, I'm going to assume that he is orphaned, who was trying to answer
  the call." He sat on the bed looking at his hands. His shoulders rounded. "Megel," He
  looked up. "Did Thorne come to you at all once I pushed him out?" 
 'Thorne'  Michael's mind turned to touch briefly on
  the memory of his brother. "A few times, why?" 
 "How long had it been between his last visit to you, and his death?" 
 Michael considered the question. "A few years maybe, he was busy with this
  boy he had. Bright lad, I wish I had met him first." Then he stopped. "Why
  are you asking me this Azrael? Thorne has been dead for almost two hundred
  years. His murderers the same, I saw to that." 
 Azrael's eyes lit. "So he did have a Fledgling?" 
 "Yes, didn't you know?" Then he stopped. "Oh, no you wouldn't, well never
  mind now. As far as I could tell the boy died with him." 
 "Are you sure?" 
 "What is going on?" Michael was beginning to get irritated. "No I am not
  sure, how could I be, I didn't see him die, but he was a Childe, I looked for
  him, called and searched, but I never found one scrap of evidence that would
  lead me to believe the boy lived. If I had I would have kept looking till I
  found him. Thorne was my brother. I owed his Fledgling my protection." He grabbed
  Azrael by the shoulders, eyes looking for answers. "Now will you tell me why
  you are opening up old wounds?" 
 "I believe Thorne's Childe is  alive." Words spoken
  so softly that if it had not been for Michael's sensitive ears, he would have
  never heard it. 
 Michael's arms dropped. Was his Sire serious? "Alive?" 
 "Yes, that is what I wanted to show you, come link with me, tell me if this
  is what I think it is. You knew the boy, I never met him." 
 Michael dropped to his knees. Eyes locking, with Azrael's as the Elder vampire
  opened himself to him. Allowing the final, desperate cry, and the need and
  the pain, to wash over him. "I have only had two of my Brood die, and then
  I was not there to witness the mark, so I am not certain what the mark of my
  Blood-Line would feel like dead, but." There was almost a plea in his voice. "Tell
  me, am I going mad, or is there a chance this youngling, who hurts so much,
  who's pain can call me, even when his mind cannot, is my Thorne's First-Born
  and my Grand-Childe." 
 "No." Michael refused to believe it. "It can't be. I searched for him. I
  would not have let Thorne's Fledgling live alone. How can he be alive?" 
 "Perhaps Thorne sent him into hiding. Sent him away so that the ones that
  attacked him could not harm the boy. Or after the death of his Sire, the Childe
  was in shock and could not be touched for a time, who knows. There are several
  ways to hide. Even a Childe knows this. But that is not the issue here. Tell
  me, is this Thorne's blood I feel, is this boy that I felt his? What is his
  name, and more importantly, how quickly can we track him down." 
 Michael savored the feel of the call. There was no doubt, at least to him. 
 "He named the boy Gabriel. And yes this, is, him. As to how soon, well I
  will be with you tonight when you send the summons, and while you are projecting,
  I will watch and wait. If the boy answers at all even for a moment, I swear
  to you, this time I won't miss him." 
* * * 
 The room was cool. , Zak didn't need heat or air, and lit softly by a small
  smiley face night-light. A gift from last Christmas, more a joke really, but
  Zak had loved it, just like he loved anything anyone gave him. It thrilled
  him to think that people liked him, he who was a monster out of their nightmares,
  enough to buy him presents. 
 William wasn't as sensitive as Zak was, to all the tale-tale signs of emotional
  pain, but he would have had to be blind not to see the state his friend was
  in. 
 The sheets were ripped, with dark stains smudging them. William didn't want
  to think what they were, nor what would send Zak into a fit to cause this. 
 And the man, he lay not in a quiet sleep as he usually rested, but curled
  up in a ball, it reminded William of a wounded animal. Something had happened,
  something that was hurting his friend greatly. 
 Some one was here, a touch, a distraction, broke the final threads connecting
  him to his dream. He turned, coming up off the bed in a roar. Who dared disturb
  him, to break his hope? Eyes full of rage looked down without seeing. A mind
  full of pain would not register. All he knew was this hunger, and all he could
  think of doing was ending it. 
 Years ago, when Zak first moved in with William, there had been an almost
  mishap. Zak, touched by William's discomfort at the natural response to feeding,
  had tried to avoid him. Blood was not hard to come by, but it had been so long
  since he had been able to really feel for the person who shared their life
  with him, or have them feel for him. That when finally William had made the
  first overture of friendship and offered to help on his own, Zak had almost
  killed him. Because of this, Zak shared with him a secret that no one else
  knew. He had given him his, Vampiric, Name. Promising that should there ever
  come a day that he once again lost control, that the name alone would return
  it. But he had also begged him not to use it unless it was an emergency. For
  the name caused him pain, brought all his loneliness to the forefront, all
  his pain. Well if the look in Zak's eyes was any indication of his mental state,
  William deemed this to be an emergency. 
 "Gabriel." He didn't scream the name, nor did he allow there to be any fear
  in his voice. He knew he had to remain calm, not awaken his, friends, darker
  side any more than it already was. "Gabriel, listen to me, it's okay, it's
  just me, William." 
 The very sound of the name being given voice brought a moan of pain from
  him. But with the pain also came a rush of strength. His eyes focused on the
  mortal under him, the look of madness leaving him face as his fangs pulled
  back into his gums. "Will?" 
 "Yeah, it's me." William almost fainted from relief. 
 Panic replaced madness as Zak looked down at where he had William pinned. "William." His
  voice a sob as he kissed him. 
 Again William had to refrain from panicking. To remind himself that Zak
  wouldn't go where he wasn't welcome. That this was just a normal emotional
  response for him. After all he had just come close to killing him. So he didn't
  flinch or pull away even as the kiss deepened for a brief moment. "You okay
  now?" He started to speak the moment the kiss broke, just to keep there from
  being another. 
 "Forgive me." His lips brushed his cheeks, his eyes, and finally rested
  against his brow. "Did I hurt you?" 
 "No, I'm okay. But what about you?" 
 There were not words to describe the pain he was in. How could he make his
  friend understand how much the summons had affected him? "I am myself again." 
 William pushed him up so that he could sit and face him. "That's not what
  I asked, Fang's. You had one of those dreams again didn't you? Someone, one
  of your people, calling wasn't it?" 
 "It's no dream William. It's a summons. Somewhere out there, an Elder of
  my people has opened a Covenstead." 
 William grinned at him. "Hey that's great, you can go, see others, make
  some friends. Hell if you want, I'll set up another room down here, and you
  can have them come and visit with you." Then he stopped. "Wait, what's wrong.
  Why the face? I would have thought the thought of finding more of your people
  would be making you jump for joy." 
 "You forget my friend. It was my own Kind that made me an orphan, a Rogue.
  How can I know what this means, my master always told me that I had nothing
  to fear from the Lines, only from those outside of them. But these Legal Lines,
  some my blood Kin, how will they take to me? I am ignorant in so many of their
  ways. I was so young when my Sire sent me away to protect me. Will they welcome
  me, and help me, or will they see me as an embarrassment and shun me?" 
 'Poor guy, it must be hell not to know if your own people want
      you or not'  . William laid a hand on his arm, intending to
      offer support. "I'm sure they'll be thrilled to meet you. If they're not,
      to hell with'em, if they can't tell a good guy when they see one, then
      who needs them." 
 "I do." The words were soft, spoken with almost no sound, but the meaning
  behind them was as loud as if he had screamed it. 
 William was at a loss at what to do. How did one comfort a depressed vampire? "Come
  on guy, snap out of it. You're making mountains out of molehills. You haven't
  even talked to them yet, and already you have them hating you." 
 Zak sighed. "You are right, of course. I should at least give them a chance
  shouldn't I?" He shook off the feelings of the pain and need, bringing him
  back to now. "So William, is there a problem?" 
 "I don't know yet, that's why I came down to talk. Are you all right now,
  how's your head? Have you fed recently?" 
 Zak grinned, trying to bring back some of his usual lightness. "Is that
  why you have sought my room, my friend? Have you at last succumbed to my charm?" He
  reached out and turned on the lamp on the nightstand. 
 'Damn, he's nice looking'  . Was all William could
  think about as the light illuminated the room and brought Zak's features out
  once again. The man didn't look a day over twenty. Black hair, violet blue
  eyes and a face and body that would make sworn nuns throw away their vows. "One
  of these days, I'm going to take you up on that offer. Why is it you're so
  damned good looking? It's almost like you're not real." 
 He chuckled. "Come, sit beside me, I will not bite you yet, I can wait.
  So what's up? What is so important that it has you seeking my bed?" 
 William growled at the line. "One of these days, you're going to wake up
  to a well done stake." He moved to lean against Zak, offering him what closeness
  he was comfortable with. "I gotta problem. You remember the girl I told you
  about, the one who funded my business?" 
 "Yes, her name is Robyn, isn't it?" 
 "Yeah, that's the one. She has this problem. Her brother is the DA, and
  he's living up to his word and making life hell for some pretty influential
  folk in the crime world, and well, he's untouchable. They've tried six separate
  times to kill him, and failed. So then they turned their attentions on the
  only family he has, my friend." 
 "I am going to assume by the tone you are using that it has gotten bad enough
  to worry you." Zak paid him full attention. 
 William chuckled. "If you knew Rob, like I know her, you would be worried
  too. She's, well she's of a breed that walks through hell without noticing
  it. She's been known to play in places the cops won't even raid. She's got
  spunk and has picked up enough marital arts along the way to be damned hard
  to take down. I've been trying to get her to let me get her a few security
  guards since the last attack." 
 "So what happened?" 
 "She got tagged again last night. It must be pretty bad. She sounded off
  on the phone. Told me she needed the best security, body man I have, and is
  willing to pay ten thousand dollars a week, plus room and board. The job runs
  from nine at night to five in the morning. During the summer we might have
  to push that start back a half hour or so, but all in all, it's a great job." 
 Zak looked at him stunned. "Are you actually suggesting that I do the job?" 
 "Yeah." William's tone became defensive. "She's my friend, loaned me a lot
  of money on that friendship, helped build my business on that friendship, and
  now she's called me and wants the best I got, and that my friend, with the
  hours she needs, is you." 
 Zak sat there silent. William had never once in the four years that they
  had known each other, ever even hinted that Zak and his secret were a problem.
  Had helped him come to terms with Cindy's loss, and been a willing if somewhat
  chaste donor. Now he was calling on that dedication to help his friend. "Do
  you plan to tell her what I am?" 
 "Yeah, I sort of got to." He rubbed his neck. "You can't always get a bite
  out, and like me, she's going to have to be willing to let you dine in. You're
  a nice guy as long as you're maintained. I don't want another exposed to what
  you can be. Once was enough for me." His voice was flat, a deadly certainty
  to it. 
 "I will always regret frightening you like that." Zak looked down at his
  hands. "I had only wanted to save you from what was very uncomfortable. I had
  lived without emotional bonding before, I didn't realize what its lack would
  do to me." 
 It had been a terrible mistake. The beast that lived within him, a monster
  with no feelings other than the joy of the feed, rose consuming him. Reverting,
  him, back to the creature he had been before civilization had tamed him. William
  had almost died because of it. Had he been even a little less careful, hesitated
  even once to, his, friends, mental cry of mercy, he would have killed him. 
 "It's in the past Fangs, you meant well, but once is enough, and I don't
  want you to ever do that to Robyn. Bad enough the shock of the first time you
  use telepathy on her without her finding out about it while you are draining
  her dry." 
 "Why is it that you hate sharing minds so William, I have often wondered
  about that." 
 "It's been a long time since you were human Zak. No, one likes their minds
  to be open like a book. We keep secrets there, ones that are ours alone. Our
  whole identity is there, and you threaten it with your powers. I've seen you
  dominate people, make them forget, make them want what you have so that you
  can get to them. It scars the piss out of me, knowing any day you could come
  up those steps and take me over. I sometimes wonder if you have and I don't
  remember. You are so lonely sometimes, and want real love so much." 
 " No  !" He leapt from the bed, putting space between
  himself and the fragile mortal. "How could you even think that? I have given
  you the key to my sanctuary, 'my  trust'  .
  I would never risk violating that." The hurt in his voice was almost too painful
  to bear. "William." He knelt before him. "I swear, I would never do that to
  you. I've explained it how many times, why I must have someone, for now a mortal
  that allows me to feed. If I only wanted blood, I could very easily attain
  it. Trust me. You might shun my touch, but others do not. 
 "So why don't you. I know you did when Cindy was so sick you fed off of
  anyone but her. Why this tie to me?" 
 "You did not know me when Cindy's father found me. I was little more than
  a wounded animal. I had spoke to no one in just over two hundred years. I lived
  off animals and an occasional hiker, but I was afraid to speak to them. He
  was my first human in so long that didn't see me as a monster. He protected
  my lair while I slept, waited till I awoke to speak to me." He smiled softly
  at the fond memories. 
 "How come he didn't end up lunch?" 
 "I was not as strong as I am now. I was weak from living on little blood.
  The beast was weak too. I awoke to find myself chained, long strong links of
  logging chain wrapped around me, preventing me from harming anyone. I don't
  know how he knew I wasn't human, other than perhaps my illusion was no longer
  working due to malnutrition." 
 "Damn I bet that sucked." William chuckled at the picture of this all-powerful
  man chained down like cargo. 
 Zak nodded looking embarrassed. "I had not spoken for so long that the words
  were hard for me. But speak yes we talked for a long time. And in those hours
  I found that which was missing. The thing that separated the man from the beast." 
 "And?" William wanted to jump on the man. He had a habit of making even
  the simplest answers difficult. 
 "Give me your hand." His fingers, bands of bone and flesh that could easily
  crush, with no effort, wrapped gently around the fragile digits of his mortal
  friend. "I found companionship. I have told you this; there must be some emotion
  there. Surely by now you have learned how strong our feelings are. I was alone,
  had no one, but after several days a bond was formed, and when the chains came
  away, I didn't hurt him." 
 "Did you offer him the same thing you offer me, each time you feed?" Now
  he really was interested. Dirty laundry of any kind was something of a turn
  on for him. 
 "Yes, I trusted him, and wanted to show him the same kindness that I long
  to show you. He was a little stunned at first, of course, but was after all,
  curious to see exactly what I was capable of doing. So he like Cindy and yourself
  trusted the man in me to control the beast." 
 "And!" 
 "Found it quite enjoyable. His wife was dead; he had only his job as a developer,
  and a sick child. I, offered him something that he had not found in any of
  the lovers he had taken since his beloved Juliet had died, trust. I opened
  myself to him with that first feeding, let him in my mind completely, and much
  farther than you have ever gone. I gave him my trust and my love, and he gave
  me my life. And for nine years, till he died, I loved him. I was his friend,
  his companion, his lover and protector. When he died I turned my love to his
  only child. And I did love her William. I cared for her and never, I swear,
  never did she see the beast that I truly am." Blood red tears flowed down his
  cheeks. The extent of his pain was almost too much for William to bear. 
 "I know." He squeezed his fingers as hard as he could. "Cindy worshipped
  the ground you walked on. It was her acceptance that made it easy for me." 
 "I did not know it was you, who had made her a woman until after her death,
  if I had, I would have thanked you sooner. Her life was so brief, but for a
  time she knew pleasure. That is a gift you can always be proud you gave." 
 William looked at the man before him. Did Zak, transfer that, love, to him,
  or was their friendship enough. Had he failed to honor the bargain with Cindy
  by holding back, or was it just a different sort of emotion? And now that his
  own, kind, were summoning him, would he loose him? "Zak?" 
 "No my friend, I do not feel slighted. You have, never, since that first
  time, hesitated, to come when I asked. Have even after I frightened you so
  badly. Come freely into my arms. Lovers are easy for me. I have never, not
  since Martin found me denied myself the company of a lover for long. You give
  me life, and you give me trust. I believe your feelings are genuine, even if
  they do frighten you somewhat." He kissed the hand that he held. "And if I
  chose to seek out my own, it will not in any way take away from what I have
  with you. I love you will always love you. If you need me to go and learn to
  trust another mortal to save her I will. Remember that my young friend. I will
  always do what you ask, for 'that'  is the extend to my
  love." 
 It was crazy; he had to be loosing his mind, but so what? If this man could
  be what he was, and still care enough to weep over a dead girl, be willing
  to place his whole life on the line for the sake of friendship, then what the
  hell. "Zak." William pulled his hand away. "Come here. It's time you had dinner,
  and maybe it's time I learned how strongly you can love." He leaned back on
  the bed. 
 Zak looked at him. "What?" Surely he did not mean what he implied. "William,
  do not tease me. I respect your limitations, do not play with my affections." 
 William sat back up to look at him, stunned. " 'Tease you'  ?" He
  couldn't help it; he broke down and began to laugh. "Good God, Zak, I'm many
  things, but I'm not stupid. I'd no sooner tease you than I would Robyn's dogs." He
  pulled his T-shirt off. "I'm serious this time. I won't hold back or ask you
  to. If you don't want to, that's cool, but this time it's up to you. Because, 'that'  is
  the extent of my love." 
 Zak pushed the beast down within him as it rose at the offer of blood. No
  he would not loose sight of the wonder that was being played out before him.
  He rose slowly, moving to sit beside the young man on his bed. "My friend." Oh,
  such beauty, such joy that would be his. To feel love and to know the truth
  within the life he offered. 
 William closed his eyes as Zak's fingers brushed his cheek. He wasn't afraid,
  not of him. After four years of weekly feedings, he had learned that he would
  never be hurt. 
 "William." Zak moved slowly, fingers stroking his throat. "Will you finish
  the link with me, be more than just my lover. Take from me as I feed from you.
  Let me grant you the completeness of my love?" 
 William didn't freeze as Zak's hands began to move over his chest. "What
  do you want to do?" 
 "Share blood with me, be linked to me. I will never leave you you're safe.
  Let me make you mine. I will protect you better than I protected Martin. I
  am less an innocent of this world now. No one will ever harm you." Slowly he
  pushed him back on the bed. "I will tell you something, a secret to take with
  you for the rest of your life. My blood will grant you many things, health,
  strength, and a life unlike any you have imagined. For with the taking of my
  blood, you will be granted over a century and a half of life, and you will
  look exactly as you do now." 
 William moaned as soft lips pressed against his throat. Was he really ready
  to go all the way? Could he give himself up to this, become more than just
  a friend and fuck buddy, was he ready for a real relationship. The questions
  ran around in his head. "Zak, wait, please." He needed a moment to think. 
 Zak lifted his head. "William?" 
 "Are you sure you want to do this? Share blood I mean. What if you find
  one of your own that you really love? What would happen then? I don't want
  to hold you back, I do love you, you are my friend, but I'm not like you." 
 "William, my friend." His concern touched Zak. "Even if I found a thousand
  like me, and chose to welcome them all into my life, I would never leave you.
  I would have to, I know this, as still, want you. But, I will always be with
  you, for without my blood, you would eventually suffer like no soul should
  suffer, and die as the blood that will be in you, kills you. You would be welcomed
  by any I chose to share my life with. If you are not welcome, then how could
  I be? My love for you binds us." He had wanted to do this for so long, to share
  himself totally with another, "I love you, now and forever." 
 William looked up at him. He wasn't sure how ready he was for this final
  step, but he knew he wouldn't be able to live with himself if he passed it
  up. "I believe in you, I trust you." 
 Zak pulled away, reaching to touch William's face before beginning to undress.
  William moved to lift up. "No, relax. Let me take care of it. I know how hard
  this is for you. And there are not words to tell you how much it means to me." He
  sat beside William on the bed, naked. "Once more, tell me that this is what
  you wish, just one more time." 
 William lifted up on to his elbows. "Zak, it's okay. Really it is, go on,
  feed. I'll bond with you, if it makes life any easier, helps to take the pain
  away, I'll do it. But you need to go on and do it, just encase I loose my nerve." 
 "Then William," Zak tore at his wrist, opening a vein. "Drink." 
 William's body stiffened with the first taste. It was like liquid lightning
  to him, and as Zak's teeth broke through the flesh of his throat and began
  to drink, William thought he would die. No one, nothing, ever, he couldn't
  concentrate on anything. Everything was pleasure, and everything was his. 
 His arms wrapped around Zak as the wound on the, vampires, wrist healed
  and the blood flow stopped. Now there was nothing but the joy of the feeding,
  and the pleasure it always brought. "Please, Zak." His voice was soft as it
  protested against Zak's, withdraw. 
 "Ssshh," small light kisses along the side of his throat, saliva helping
  to close the wound. "Relax my friend, it only gets better now." He lifted his
  head to look done with smiling eyes into William's. "We belong to each other
  now. You are as much a part of me as any mortal can ever be. Never again will
  you have to worry, or wonder if you are loved, if you have a place. My tie
  with you will be for life, and you will have it to fall back on until the day
  death takes you from me." 
 Yes. William could feel him now. He always was able to sense Zak's emotions,
  a little. But now, it was like Zak, was, him and he was Zak. And as he looked
  up, accepting for the first time in his life, the love of someone other than
  Cindy or Robyn, he was a peace with it. "So." He grinned up at his bedmate. "What's
  next?" 
 Zak's face glowed with joy as he leaned down to kiss him. "Now, I will make
  your body as much mine as I have made your heart." 
 William tried to speak, to move to help undo his denims, but Zak stopped
  him, hushing his questions. "Just relax William. I've been doing this for much
  longer than you." He nipped at his nose before returning to his neck. Chuckling
  softly as the goose bumps that seemed to spring up everywhere he touched. 
 William barely noticed as Zak fought with the buttons on his jeans, his
  whole being tied up in the feelings that raged through him. It had been so
  hard over the last few months, to not give in to Zak, as his feelings for his
  friend had been pressuring him. And now that he could, he wanted to make it
  the most beautiful of experiences. "Careful." His voice was soft as Zak pressed
  him into the bed, fingers reaching to pull him free of the confinement of his
  briefs. "I'm so drawn out, I'm afraid I'm going to explode." 
 "That" again soft lips, and a seeking kiss. "Is what I'm hoping for, go
  on Will, enjoy. I know I will." With a wink and one last kiss, Zak began to
  move slowly down his young friends' body. 
 Every nerve was alive, and where Zak touched they sang. It had been too
  long since his last lover. And now, he knew if Zak did what he thought he was
  going to, that it would be over in seconds. No one, not even Cindy who he had
  loved more than life, had ever drawn him out like this. "Oh-- Damn--yes--that's
  it." His voice rose as he came, giving in to the cool wetness of the mouth
  that claimed him. 
 Zak moved back up his body, slowly. Enjoying the hands that reached for
  him and touched him as much as he had enjoyed the feelings of William's release. "I
  love you." His head pressed against William's chest, resting there content
  for the first time in over four years. 
 William reached up, stoking his hair. "Yeah, I know, and I love you too.
  I can say it now. I think I've been falling in love with you for ages I was
  just too afraid to tell you. I'm glad I finally admitted to it. I just hope
  we did the right thing. I don't ever want you to think you made a mistake with
  me." 
 Zak rolled off of him laughing. " Me"  ? And here I
  was about to say the same thing to you. I will live for a long time, even if
  later I decided that I would rather our friendship be simply that, the hundred
  and fifty years that you will be with me are nothing." He turned to look down
  at his, now, precious and cherished, love. "Though I can't see myself ever
  deciding that I want you anywhere but where I have you right now." 
 "Good, now come here. I think I'd like to try that once more before we go.
  I'm young and always horny." His mouth opened for Zak, welcoming the deepening
  kiss. 
 "Ah, you say the nicest things." And together laughing they began to explore
  their love. Zak was a gifted teacher, and William ever ready to learn. 
CHAPTER 3  
 'Okay, so now I know'  . William glanced over at the
  man in the car beside him. 'My life could get real interesting from
  here on out. I wonder if I'm as straight as I have tried to tell myself all
  these years'.  
 "Stop it William." Zak's soft, amused, voice seemed to wrap itself around
  him in a warm, loving, pink cloud. "You must listen to me on this. You know
  how you naturally react to feedings, correct?" He waited until William nodded. "Well
  tonight I not only fed from you, but we bonded as well. Even if we had not
  been friends, and I had not earned your love, you would have been the same.
  Our love is not like others. Nor do I think you would ever want a man who was
  not as I. Surely by now you have come to terms with the fact that I am different
  from other mortals." He took his hand and kissed the back. "You mustn't feel
  embarrassed at the pleasure we shared. I am and will always be your friend,
  first. I will never take from you what you do not offer. 
 Comforting words, but after what he had just experienced, how could he not
  offer? A blush crept over his face. He didn't want to remember that hour, not
  now, later in the privacy of his own bedroom, maybe. But right now all it made
  him want to do is turn the car around and go home, back to the bed, back to
  the total openness that Zak had shared with him . *  There
  is one small added plus to all of this  . *  His
  mind touched Zak's . *  Speaking like this,
  it isn't so scary anymore  . *   
 Soft lips on the pulse of his wrist, * I am glad, my friend.
        I would never violate the secrets you hold. You know that now. I am grateful
        for the trust you have placed in me  . *   
 "If I can convince Rob to trust you, I can guarantee she's going to love
  this part." He winced noticing for the first time in his life how hard his
  voice sounded. "That is if we can convince her to share this with us." They
  had talked as they lay together afterwards. William convincing Zak that it
  was best if he tried to seduce her. It would make feeding from her easier,
  and wouldn't bother him in the slightest. 
 "And then I will not only have you, my most loved husband, but a trusted
  companion as well. Yes, I feel that if she is willing to trust, that I have
  indeed been fortunate." 
 William reached out and stroked his cheek. "She'll trust you, it may take
  a few hours to convince her. But I promise she'll either trust you, or at least
  promise not to betray you. We don't knife our friends." 
 A soft chuckle "no, but I bite mine." 
 William joined him in the joke. Zak was a funny guy when he chose to be.
  It would be the thing that would win her over, his sense of humor. "Got a question
  for you." He blushed again, amazed that he couldn't leave it alone for now. 
 * No love, I, do not, have, to feed to make love, and yes I
        would greatly love to feel you as just my lover as well. *      The
        touch on his mind was light and held serious erotic overtones. William
        felt his groin tighten. * Do you find my offer to be one
        that you can live with  ? *   
 "Yeah, go on twist my arm." He grinned over at him. "But what about, what
  if you." He couldn't believe he was having trouble with this. "We only fooled
  around tonight, what happens when you take it all the way?" 
 "William," again that soft voice, "I have never hurt you, intentionally.
  There will be no pain. It is the only time I would ever use my powers on you,
  and only that first time. Now perhaps we should discuss this at a later date.
  We have to meet your young friend and convince her of my good intentions." 
 "Yeah, happy, happy, joy, joy." 
* * * 
 There were times when having a vampire for a friend could be awkward, this
  was one of them. William had to convince a good friend that she was safe. That
  not only would Zak never hurt her, but that he could protect her better than
  anything else living could. He wasn't worried about Robyn betraying him, it
  just didn't happen, but he was concerned that once she knew the truth, she
  might throw him out and never speak to him again. Oh well, life is full of
  risks. 
 "Now, let me do the talking first, okay?" William rang the doorbell. "And
  don't do anything, no matter how she reacts. She won't hurt me." It was the
  one thing he had purposely tried not to think about. Robyn could be quite dangerous
  all by herself, and the last thing he wanted was 'his'  vampire
  lover trouncing 'his'  best friend. 
 "Understood. Relax Will, I won't harm her." 
* * * 
 Her head still hurt. The doctor said the pain should fade in a few days,
  but until then he had given her a script for it. Right now she wished that
  she had taken one or two, but wanted to be fully there for this interview. "Yeah,
  who is it?" She wasn't opening the door to anyone. 
 "Hon, it's me. I brought the protection you asked for." Will tried to put
  on his most friendly face, which fell as soon as the door opened and he got
  a good look at his friend. "Damn." She looked like hell. 
 Both eyes were swollen and bruised. Her nose and lip were stitched where
  someone had torn the rings from them. There were scrapes and lacerations over
  most of her face. She really did look like an extra from a snuff film. "Baby,
  are you all right?" He offered her his chest as he pulled her into his arms. "You
  should have called me last night. I'd have been here sooner." 
 "I'm all right, it's not as bad as it looks, hell maybe I'll scar." It was
  good to have him here. "Come on in, I need to sit down, my head is killing
  me." 
 "Robyn, this is Zachary Forrest, Zak to anyone who knows him. He's the best
  I got," his words were cut short by two low threatening growls, as both Robyn's
  Rottweilers suddenly appeared. "On shit, I forgot." 
 "Yin, Yang, stop this." Robyn looked down at the dogs confused. They were
  well trained. It was not like them to behave like this. "Down, sit." But they
  refused to obey as they planted themselves between her and her new bodyguard. 
 "Move aside William." Zak's voice was soft. "I am a stranger, another hunter
  in their territory. Let them get to know me." He knelt before the dogs, locking
  stairs with one then the other, calling up his power to sing in his veins as
  he faced the dogs. "Ssshh, good boy, good girl." He reached out slowly, as
  their snarls quieted. "I am a friend. I will not harm your Mistress. No, ssshh,
  come here, smell, know me." He extended a hand palm up to one then the other,
  before beginning to pet them. "You have fine beasts here Milady, they would
  have died to protect you." 
 "Died?" Robyn looked at him. "Honey, they would have ripped you to pieces,
  but" she stopped looking at her two as they fought for attention from him. "They
  don't behave like that. I've never known them to threaten anyone without my
  order. And how did you calm them?" 
 "William cleared his throat. "Maybe you should take a seat. I have something
  to tell you." 
* * * 
 "He's a 'what'  ?" Robyn wasn't sure if she should
  laugh in his face, or begin to worry. "William Andrew. Are you trying to tell
  me that you hired a vampire to protect me?" 
 "No. You asked for the best I had, and it just turned out that the best
  I have is a vampire." Okay, so she wasn't screaming, that was a plus. 
 Robyn looked the new fellow over carefully. He didn't look like a supernatural
  creature, other than the fact that he was simply gorgeous. "Willie, are you
  trying to pull my leg. If this is some kind of joke, it's not a good one." 
 "No, Milady, William is not joking." Zak's voice was very soft. "I would
  be willing to prove his words, but I do not wish to frighten you." 
 "Frighten me?" She shook her head. "Please, give it a rest. Vampires, G'damn,
  William what gives? I can't believe that you, of all people, would come over
  here after the night I just had and give me some story about vampires." Her
  temper was rising to add more pain to her already aching head. 
 "William." Zak held out a hand. "Come here my friend. I am sorry, I do not
  mean to tease you, but I dare not take more than a sip. I have fed off of you
  once this night." 
 "It's okay." He looked at Robyn. "Watch Robby, I can't believe you would
  ever think that I would lie to you." He let Zak pull him into his lap. "Go
  on, I trust you." And he lifted his head, exposing his throat as his fingers
  tangled in his hair guiding him down. 
 It was a little bite. Zak did not dare take more than a sip or two. His
  friend and lovers life was too important to him. But it was hard to pull away
  as William clung to him, giving himself over to this totally now. With, no
  fears or reservations. They had all been dealt with earlier. 
 Robyn's jaw dropped as she watched William not only crawl into this guy's
  lap, but he--he-- " 'Goddess'  !" The color drained from
  her face. "You're--you're" 
 "A vampire." Zak smiled at her softly, fangs showing, as he cradled William
  in his arms. "Please, I have not hurt him. Do not be afraid." It had been a
  long time since he faced fear like what was in her eyes. 
 "You...." She couldn't breath. There was a real, live  ,
  vampire in her living room. "Yin, Yang," she cowered there, truly afraid for
  the first time in her life. 
 The dogs responded to their, mistresses, fear growling at Zak again. 
 "Robyn." William was a little worried now. "Cool it, he's a friend of mine." He
  sat up, but didn't leave his lap. "Come on girl." 
 "Will?" 
 "I'm fine. Zak's been biting me for over four years now. He isn't like the
  movies, really he isn't." 
 She didn't know what to say. William was her friend, her best friend. They
  had known each other for most of their lives. "You mean to tell me, you've
  had a 'Vampire'  " her voice rose on the word. "For four
  years, and you've been letting him bite you?" 
 "Yeah, it's actually a lot of fun." He tried to smile. "Please, Robyn, calm
  down. You called me, asked for the best I have, well he's the best I have." 
 "But he isn't human." She was having a very hard time with this. 
 "Yeah, but neither are the animals that are beating up on you. Come on girl,
  I've seen some of your friends. He really isn't so different from some of those
  New Age psycho Twinkies you talk to. You know the ones that won't eat meat,
  and pray for forgiveness every time they eat a vegetable? Or those who debate
  if bathing is morally correct because you are killing living organisms on your
  skin every time that you do." He grinned. "Or that girl you used to hang with
  who thought she was from Atlantis?" 
 "Yeah, but he doesn't think he's a vampire. He is  a
  vampire." After the initial rush of fear, common sense rose to weigh her reactions. "Where
  the hell did you get a vampire from?" 
 "You remember Cindy?" 
 "Yeah, good kid." She looked confused. "What has she got to do with this?" 
 William sighed and told the story again, adding the new information Zak
  had given him so that the story was complete. "And so after she died, I inherited
  him. He has to have a place to live. Someone to be with, it's what keeps him
  sane." 
 "Now let me see if I got this straight." She was relaxing. The absurdity
  of the situation was wearing off. "Cindy's old man finds a vampire. Takes it
  home, and after he dies Cindy gets him, and he takes care of her till she dies,
  and then he's pawned off on you?" 
 "Excuse me." Zak's voice was tight. "I am not a piece of furniture. Martin
  became my friend, helped me to live in this time, just as I took care of Cindy
  after he left this world. William is my friend. I am here because of that friendship.
  He cares for you. Does not wish to see you hurt anymore. I understand your
  fear, I am something out of your nightmares, but I will not be talked over
  or around." There was a bitter coldness to his tone that threatened mayhem. 
 "Zak, don't." William looked from one to the other. "Robby, he's a friend
  of mine. If you don't want his help, fine. I'll get you someone else, but don't
  treat him like an outsider. You have friends I can't stand, but I'm cool with
  them." 
 Somewhere deep in her mind, part of her that kept her alive and moving when
  she wanted to quit. Looked on. And with insight she didn't know she had, she
  sighed and nodded. "Point made, okay peace." She ran a hand through her hair. "Sorry
  Dracula, I just never expected you." 
 "Do not call me that!" He rose, throwing William into the floor. "I am a
  monster, yes. The beast lives within me. But I have never killed for pleasure.
  Have not taken a life in over fifteen years, would not ever unless there was
  no other way. Call me a creature, a nightmare, a beast if you must. But do
  not ever call me 'Dracula'  ." 
 "Hey," she held up her hands. "Down guys, sit." She reached out. Eyes still
  locked with Zak's and pulled the dogs away. "It was just a joke man, sorry.
  It's cool, won't happen again." 
 "Zak, you're being unreasonable." William was trying hard not to laugh. "Keep
  it up Fang's and you will end up eating a stake, now cool it." 
 Zak rounded on his friend, anger clear in his eyes. "She called me--" 
 "Dracula, as in Count Dracula, the legendary vampire from Brom Stoker." He
  shook his head. "Remember I took you to see the movie. When you say vampire,
  to most folks that's what they think. I didn't make the mistake because Cindy
  warned me." 
 "Will," Robyn was definitely beginning to worry. "Has your 'friend'  had
  dinner? Uh, look, I know I said I wanted the best, but I don't know about this.
  He doesn't like me, and I'd just as soon not end up the daily special." 
 "Zak you promised. You are over two hundred and thirty years old you knew
  she would not take this well at first. Look at her man, she's had a real hard
  time of it as of late, she's not going to be the friendliest of people." He
  grabbed his arm. * Please Fang's, to hurt her you will have to
  go through me. You promised. *      
 Zak's head slowly turned to gaze at William. His friend who only a short
  time ago lay with him locked in passion. * I am sorry my love,
  you're right, she is of course, going to be like this. Forgive me  .
  *   He sat back down and looked at her. "I am sorry, I should have
  expected this. Please sit, I will not hurt you, ever." 
 William let out the breath he was holding. "All over?" They both nodded.
  Robyn looked horrible. "Baby, you wanna lie down there? You can talk horizontal
  as well as vertical." 
 She looked first at him then at Zak. Did she risk it, would lying down be
  an invitation? "Zak, right?" 
 "Yes, do as William says Milady. If you faint on me right now, I will live
  the next twenty years feeling guilty. Please, you are quite safe. I am here
  to protect you, not to kill you." He pushed just a touch; things were not going
  well. It would be best if he helped to defuse the situation just a little. 
 Robyn lay back, grateful to be able to. "My head hurts so bad Will." She
  rubbed a knot gently. "I," she turned to look at him. "I don't know what to
  say." 
 William shook his head, tisking over her. "Didn't they give you anything
  for pain?" 
 "In the kitchen, on the counter." She turned a little, whimpering at the
  pain. She shouldn't have gotten so excited. "I wanted to be awake for this.
  I didn't figure it would look good to be doped out of my head. I had wanted
  to make this look right for you. How the hell was I supposed to know you were
  bringing a ' vampire'  ?" 
 Zak touched William's arm. "I will go and get her some medication. I can
  feel her pain clearly. If it is hurting her badly enough for me to sense it
  with no blood link, the child must be in agony." His words were soft, almost
  a whisper. "Milady, I will get you your medication. Do not feel that you must
  suffer to prove that you are anything but the person that you are. I do not
  need displays such as these, you are William's friend, and he is mine. He has
  told me of your loyalty. Rest now. Believe that you are safe. Let me take care
  of you." 
 After Zak left the room, Robyn looked at William. "Willie, I want it straight
  up. Since I know about him, I can only hope that you are telling me the whole
  truth about him not doing me damage." 
 William knelt beside her and kissed her forehead. "How long have we been
  friends, pretty girl?" 
 "Since the fourth grade." She pressed her head against his hand. It hurt,
  but felt good at the same time. 
 "Have I ever let anyone hurt you if I could stop it? If I had thought for
  a moment that Zak would hurt you, I'd have never brought him anywhere near
  you. Believe that. He took care of Cindy after her father died, for six years.
  I saw him at the end, when she was too weak to eat, to do anything. Hell, he
  changed her diapers. Believe me, he's one of us." 
 "How long have you been letting him feed off of you?" She winced a little
  as he touched her lip. 
 "Well you see, ever since the funeral, he's had to. You see he has to have
  someone who cares. He doesn't really take much at all from me, a little more
  than half a cup a week. I eat well take vitamins. See he's not looking for
  nourishment from me he's looking for friendship, for trust. I trust him with
  my life, with my car, and with you, who mean more to me than anything else
  I got." 
 She smiled. "Thank you, Will." If it had been anyone else, she would have
  never believed it. But it was William, her best friend, and partner in crime
  and occasional fuck buddy. "Is he gonna bite me?" 
 "He'll have to Hon, he won't be able to slip out as often as he'd like.
  I'll come over and help with that, I'll have too. But you're going to have
  to trust me enough to trust him. If he's working here and living with you,
  he'll have to. It's got something to do with the way they are. It's more than
  just the blood, it's," how to explain it? "It's a way of expression for him
  too. He trusts you with his very life everyday as he sleeps, and you trust
  him by believing that he won't kill you either." 
 "Does it hurt bad?" She couldn't believe she was having this conversation. 
 "For a second as he bites, but after that." He blushed. "You saw me. It's
  addicting. It's a deeply sexual feeling. Trust me, he'll try to seduce you
  before he does it, it makes it," he looked away briefly. "It's great, I've
  never felt anything like it before. He gives himself to you. You can hear his
  thoughts know his feelings, his joys, and his pains. He's really more human
  than most folks I know are. Please Robby, trust me. He'll keep anyone from
  hurting you, ever again. And he'll give you a friend that will never betray
  you." 
 Robyn listened to his words, catching all the half-said statements. "You're
  sleeping with him?" It was a question, not an accusation. She didn't care who
  slept with whom. 
 "Yeah, I did for the first time tonight. Before now I was afraid. Afraid
  of what that made me, afraid that if I did I'd be loosing my last hold on normalcy.
  But you wanna know something? I'm still me and he's still him, and the only
  thing that changed is when he calls me 'my friend'  ,
  I know what he really means." 
 Zak stood there above them, smiling at William's soft words. "Milady, if
  you do not wish to take these, I can help with the pain." He held out two small
  white pills. "Or if you do not feel ready to trust me that far, I can lessen
  it until the medication takes effect." 
 "You can make the pain go away?" There was hope in her voice. The pain had
  been the worst part of it all. She could live with the assault; the violence
  would fade eventually. But the pain made her feel helpless. 
 "If you will allow me to take but a few sips of your blood to form a link,
  I can bar the pain. If you are not ready for that, I can if you allow me to
  control you just a touch, lessen it some until the medication takes." He sat
  on the edge of the couch. "I have fed well tonight, there is no danger, believe
  me. There will never be any danger." He reached out and touched her cheek. "I
  will never take from you without your permission, freely given. The beast within
  me, you will never see it, I promise. Let me help you, I know you have no reason
  to believe me, no reason to trust a creature such as I, but I speak the truth." 
 Robyn had lived all her life by her instincts. It was her instincts that
  had taken the inheritance she received on her eighteenth birthday and, turn,
  it, in less than six years, into a fortune. It had been her instincts that
  had saved her life more times than she could count, and it was her instincts
  that allowed her to nod her head slowly, looking up at his unearthly beautiful
  face with half hope, half trust. 
 Zak laid the pills and the glass on the end table. "William, would you help
  her up?" He held out his arms as his friend helped to pull her up so he could
  lift her into his lap. "Your hair color becomes you, blue is definitely you
  color." 
 "Thanks." She smiled at the lunacy of the situation. She was sitting in,
  a vampires, lap, and he was complimenting her on her choice in hair dye. "What
  do I do?" 
 Zak pressed his lips against her forehead, inhaling the sweet, salty, iron
  scent of the blood within her. He had felt assured he had told the truth, had
  fed well today, but it was like the finest of wines, one could never refuse
  just one more sip. "Close your eyes my pretty angel. Relax, lean against me,
  I will not let you fall." He tilted her chin up to expose the soft white column
  of her throat. "Such sweet beauty." Cool breath on her neck as he planted soft
  kisses there. "Ssshh," he felt her stiffen. "Relax, I won't hurt you, ever,
  just relax." His mouth opened as razor sharp fangs pressed down into the flesh
  beneath them. 
 "Ow," she stiffened again with the first sharp pain, then it was bliss.
  Her body was caught up in a wave of heat and sound. Color, light and sound
  flooded her mind and flowed over her body. She moaned clinging to him as he
  took slow, small sips of her precious life. Slowly letting her feel all he
  could offer for now, reaching down to caress her breasts and belly through
  the thin cotton shirt. Feeling her body give itself to the pleasure he offered. 
 "Oh," she lay back against him as he pulled away. "Wow." 
 "Did I hurt you Robyn?" His hand still stroked her gently. "Tell me my pretty
  one." 
 "No, I mean yes, but then . . ." she suddenly froze. "What happened?" 
 "It is like that when I feed. As I told William, it is why I chose to use
  seduction. At the right moment, I could intensify the pleasure many fold and
  my lover need never know what I have done. Did you find it to be pleasant?" 
 "If my head didn't hurt like this, you would be in serious trouble." She
  blushed. Orgasms were never easy for her. Turning over control like that was
  hard with most people. Other than William, there had only been one other guy.
  Daniel, who she had ever trusted enough too fully let herself submit to the
  joys of total surrender. 
 "I only took tiny sips. Just enough to form a link." He cupped her face
  as his power washed over her, stealing away the pain. "You will not hurt anymore." 
 Robyn shook her head. There was no pain. It was gone. Beyond all rhyme and
  reason it was gone. "I'm sorry for doubting you, William." Then to Zak, "and
  you too, Zak." She touched her face nothing hurt. "G'damn, if you could bottle
  that, you'd make a fortune." She tried to sit up, noticing for the first time
  that he was still touching her body. "Uh, Zak?" 
 "Yes, precious?" 
 "Are you planning on going something with this, or is it just something
  you do when your hands are free?" 
 "Forgive me." He stopped, realizing that he was going too fast. "It's a
  bad habit, I love touching people." 
 "Well I didn't mind, but Will is sitting over there watching. And I'm under
  the impression that the two of you are lovers. Well he and I go back a ways,
  but I don't take what isn't offered." 
 It was William who laughed. "Offered? Robby the man has four or five folks
  he keeps company with it keeps him fed. No, by all means, if you plan to let
  him protect you, then go ahead. It will make things a whole lot easier." 
 "But?" 
 "I'll visit, I have to. So as long as I am welcome to join, I don't care.
  Just remember he, was, mine first. I don't mind sharing as long as it's with
  you." 
 "Well I guess I got myself a body guard." It was wonderful. The pain was
  gone, totally. And she felt closer to this creature than she thought possible. "I
  even know where you can sleep out the day. My basement is below ground, totally.
  I even have what used to be a large darkroom empty now. We'll just shove a
  bed in there for now, until I can order some furniture." 
 "Then it's a deal?" William held out a hand. 
 "It's a deal." And the handshake sealed it. 
CHAPTER 4  
 Azrael looked up from the formulas that he had Torin practicing on. As,
  yet again, another argument ensued. He had thought these two particular children
  would have run out of things to fight about over the last three nights, but
  it seemed he was wrong. 
 He rose to take matters into hand, once more, when a light hand rested on
  his arm. "Don't, Master." Torin smiled at him. "It won't do any good. They
  won't hurt each other, if I'm reading them right, I think it's some sort of
  mating ritual for them." 
 Azrael looked at the two males, who were fighting over, of all things, proper
  behavior in a Covenstead. Yes, now that he listened and watched them he could
  see that there was no threat. Neither had issued a challenge, both though arguing
  loudly, were relaxed. "Why me?" He moaned sitting back down. "You are right
  Tori, it would seem that it is some form of battle for dominance between them.
  I wonder when they go to bed, who will be covered by, who." 
 "My money is on Lierin, Derrik is not as aggressive as he is. But he can't
  just back down, it would mean that he was loosing face." He rose. "With your
  permission, I'll go see if I can quiet them somewhat. You don't look so good
  tonight." There was honest concern in his Chosen's voice. 
 "Be careful love. I would hate to have to punish the two boys because they
  damaged you." Actually, in the mood he was in he'd love nothing more than to
  remind these two youngsters of just, which was really the dominant Kin here.
  But not at the, cost of harming his, Chosen. 
 "Hurt 'me'  ?" His pet and precious one laughed. "Please
  Master, I may be mortal, but I am a mage, and more importantly. I am your student.
  I can defend myself from any Kin here except you and Megel." He bent and kissed
  Azrael. "Though I would never raise my hand against any of the Vampyr without
  your permission." 
 "Well, in this case, perhaps it would be a good thing to remind these two
  that there are many who live here, and for the most part are better trained
  and more powerful than they. Go precious I am finished with your studies tonight.
  You have come quite a ways over the last year. I am very proud of you." 
 Torin walked, calmly, past the overly decorated Christmas tree to where
  the two vampires sat arguing. Taking both in, weighing them. Lierin, who so
  far was one of the better trained of the young orphans that had come to stay
  with them, was maybe fifty-five. His master had been an orphan too, who had
  been killed in an uprising of one of the Renegade groups. He had been very
  worried when he appeared that no one would believe that he was not a true Rogue,
  and kill him. It had taken his master as well as Megel and Vincent several
  days to get the Fledgling to relax enough to accept their help totally. 
 Derrik was older, but his Sire had died when he was a little more than twenty,
  and could barely make out on his own. But Azrael believed that with time and
  patience he would become a functioning member of the line. But that was what
  all this was about, taking, these castoffs and orphans, who so far hadn't broken
  any of the major rules, and training them to behave properly. It was a good
  idea, Torin agreed with it and as he trained and, learned, all that a good
  Chosen should know he went out of his way to help. 
 His transition here had been an easy one. Azrael had been willing to work
  with him patiently as he over came the last of his fears, and began to become
  a part of his domain. His training was moving along, much, better than he had
  ever believed. His master not only understood and approved of his thirst for
  knowledge, but also encouraged it. He shared his knowledge and his library
  freely. Feeding the need in him with pride. And the praise came as quickly
  as the criticism. Torin never had to guess how his master felt, for Azrael
  would tell him with each move. Right or wrong, he knew his master was there
  for him, and that he would never be left to fend for himself, or stifle any
  of his talents. 
 It was due to this security that he was able to stand before the two arguing
  vampires, and with just a light mental shove, silence both of them. "Excuse
  me Sir's, but I am afraid that your lack of manners is beginning to cause my
  Master," he stressed the word. "A certain amount of aggravation. I understand
  that this is something the two of you must do to assure that your relationship
  runs the way you want it. But could you do the rest of us a favor." He looked
  down at them, just a trace of contempt on his face. Just enough to make them
  uncomfortable, with out, really, embarrassing them. "And pipe down." 
 Both vampires looked at him like he had lost his mind. No mortal ever spoke
  to Kin like this, at least not a pet of a vampire. "Excuse me, boy." Derrik
  was the first to take offense. "But you seem to have forgotten your place.
  Best you run back to you Master, and let him remind you of it." 
 Torin was shocked. He couldn't believe that this man was as big a fool as
  he was making himself out to be. But before he could remind the pompous windbag
  of just exactly who he was, and whom he answered to. Lierin laid a hand on
  Derrik's arm. "Don't do that my friend. This is not just one of the house pets
  that corrects our behavior, but the Elders own Chosen. You can bet he has his
  Master's full approval and support. Perhaps we should take our discussion to
  another room, away from the rest of the house, so that we don't disturb anyone
  else. If we are getting censored by the mortals now, you can believe that next
  will be the Elder himself, and I have already felt a portion of what he is
  capable of." He looked up at Torin. "Thank you little brother, for stepping
  in and reminding us that there are more than just the two of us here, before
  it became necessary to rouse the house." 
 Torin shrugged. "I personally think the two of you are going about this
  all wrong, but it's your life, and far be it from me to tell you how to live
  it." He made to turn around when a hand caught his arm in a vice like grip.
  He looked around to face Derrik. 
 "You think what? What do you know boy, about the business of your betters?" 
 Torin looked from him to, the, hand that held him, and back. "With all due
  respect sir, you don't want to go there. Please, I meant no disrespect with
  my words, I have been taught by my Master to tell only the truth. Would you
  have me lie to you?" His eyes never once lowered. He was Azrael's Chosen, he
  shared that honor with Morgan, and like her refused to let any one treat him
  in a way that would be a slight to their master. "I only thought it best to
  point out to you that your conversation was disrupting others. I thought you
  might prefer to hear it quietly, before one of the others made an issue of
  it. If I was wrong, I retract my statement, and on your head with the out come.
  But if you don't remove your hand from my arm, right now, I will remind you
  of the fact that mortal or no, I am a Mage, and my Master has trained me well." 
 Azrael sat quietly, waiting. He would not interfere as long as Torin seemed
  to have things under control. But should this upstart go to harm his pet, in
  anyway. Well, he was not quite as forgiving as Megel. 
 Derrik dropped his hand laughing. "Go on boy, run back to your Master. You
  are right, and I'm a fool for arguing. It is not easy, learning to treat mortals
  as if they were something more than food and playthings. But perhaps I should
  try a little harder? My regards to your Master." He looked down at Lierin. "Shall
  we go else where?" 
 Lierin was stunned. Did this fool not know how close he had come to ending
  up dead? Something had to be done about his friend, and soon. "I think we should." He
  hoped that his training would out weight the fact that his partner was older,
  because he was going to have to take charge soon, or loose him to his own foolishness.
  He looked up, eyes seeking Azrael's . *  Elder,
  a question please  . *  He hoped that Azrael
  would be able to answer with a promising reply. * Can I take him
  he is older than I am. But if I don't, he will end up costing us our place
  here  . * 
 * You might be younger than he is, but power is weighed by
        training and practice. He has muddled along since his Master died, and
        has not worked at strengthening his skills. If you are asking me will
        I allow you to attempt to dominate him, I must ask for what purpose.
        Why does his standing here effect you? *      Azrael
        wanted to see if Torin was right, were these two lovers, or merely toying
        with each other. 
 Lierin gnawed at his lip as he thought of how to respond. Lovers were almost
  rare among the younger Kin, unless it was Sire to Childe. How would the Elder
  see this, would he understand? * He is my husband. We have found
  a peace between the two of us that we lacked. I would rather keep it if I may.
  I am unable to sire a Childe as of yet, by your own law. But if I am to keep
  him, I have to, save him from his own, stupidity. *   
 Azrael shook his head. There were times when he was convinced that most
  of these children who kept popping in and out of his home were fools, and then
  he would be reminded that no, fools they were not, just severely lacking in
  training. * Do you plan to be Master? I fear nothing less will
  work with this one. If you are seeking to take him as such, and your intentions
  are as you claim, lover to lover, then yes. You have my permission to best     him.
  If you are unable to do so, then either I will have to, or he will have to
  leave. *   
 *  Allow me this night, to win my suit.
        If I am unable to break him to me by sunset tomorrow, I will take him
        and leave. *     
 Azrael nodded, so be it. One way or the other this little problem that was
  beginning to weight on everyone's nerves would be gone. Either by their absents,
  or by Derrik's submission. Personally he hoped Lierin was up to it. He rather
  liked the youngster, and would like to see him prosper. And by taking a lover
  that he could rule, he would be less likely to make a Childe before he was
  ready and his training complete. * Call upon me, if you need help.
  *  
 Derrik looked down at Lierin. "Well, are you coming or not?" 
 Lierin rose to his feet slowly. "Oh yes, my friend. I am indeed coming.
  You and I need to have a long discussion on our future." He took his husband
  by the hand, nodded to the rest in the room and led him out. Azrael was not
  the only one who noticed a certain purpose in his stride. 
 "Love." Maria moved to talk with Azrael. "Something needs to be done with
  that one. I would not complain, but you placed me in charge of the house slaves,
  and he terrorizes them. You have not been down in the basement where they are
  kept, he has abused one already, and in front of the others to add humiliation
  to abuse." She went freely into his lap, resting there comfortably. "I know
  that those downstairs are not important, they are nothing more than food, but
  I am concerned that if he continues to abuse them, he might actually think
  that he can use any of us like that." 
 Azrael bit back a curse. It was to be expected he knew it. Absolute power
  corrupts absolutely, and the boy had had no one to correct his behavior for
  too long. Well it would all be over tomorrow, either Lierin would succeed in
  breaking the boy, or he would. "Wait precious," he could tell by her response
  to his kiss, that he had been ignoring her too much again. "Things are about
  to be changed in regards to Derrik. He will either be under Lierin's rule tomorrow
  night, or my own. Bring the one he abused up from the basement. I will see
  that he is taken care of. Which one was it, and was he hurt badly?" 
 She accepted the attention that Azrael was paying her greedily. Over the
  past two years her world had been turned upside down with all the changes.
  And with three new ones, well she and Valerie had been spending a lot of time
  together. Jenna had lucked out and found a soul brother in Torin. "Some bruises,
  and a few welts that broke open from the belt, his physical wounds will heal
  with time. I more worried about his emotional state." She braved his displeasure
  with her words now, she knew this, but she had to say it. "Azrael, forgive
  me, but I must complain about the way the ones downstairs are being treated." She
  took a deep breath. "You have never treated any of us the way you are letting
  them be treated. I know they don't deserve to be loved the way you love us,
  they have done terrible things, but to be chained like animals, to be fed from,
  left to hunger for any kindness, or worse, like in Casey's situation. Abused
  and beaten just because they have no Master to protect them. It is not good
  on the moral of the rest of us." 
 Azrael looked at his pet, a shocked expression upon his features. "Maria,
  are you questioning me?" She had never, not once in over fifty years ever spoke
  one word against him. This was not good. 
 "No Master." Her eyes lowered, as did her voice. "You have the right to
  do anything you want, to any of us. I only mentioned it because it troubles
  me, you have always been so kind to us." Azrael had never used that particular
  tone on her. It hurt her now that he did. 
 Azrael sighed. "Perhaps you are right love, maybe I should rectify some
  of the problems that are cropping up all over the place. What would you suggest
  I do? I have left them in your care, what do you feel needs to be done to settle
  my house." 
 "Can't we move them up to the training rooms? There are only eight of them,
  and now that none of the rooms are being used for their purposes, it would
  be better for them. They're, not, blood-bonded, and the basement is cold. It
  would be better on their health. We have nine bedrooms upstairs, and with as
  many pairings as go on at night between us now, there is more than enough room
  for the ten of us who answer to a Master. And no one has even thought of opening
  the rooms on the second level downstairs yet." 
 Azrael listened to her, weighing her words. Yes, he could see the need there.
  He had done well, entrusting the mundane matters of running his house to her. "Yes,
  I agree, let them be moved up to the rooms. What else do you feel needs to
  be done? Go on Maria, I give you leave to speak your mind. You have served
  me well for many years. I trust your judgment on matters that I tend to find
  tedious beyond measure." 
 She smiled, grateful that he trusted her. "Why haven't they been blood-bonded
  Master? They are practically bled dry. Are you waiting for them to die so that
  you can replace them? Or have you forgotten how much a young vampire needs?" 
 Michael laughed from the couch. "I asked you the same question yesterday.
  She's right, either one of us needs to blood-bond with them or we need to get
  more feeders. We have three orphans staying with us now, and between them they
  feed damn near every night. What happens when more come, none of these children
  are bringing pets with them?" 
 Azrael considered the situation. Perhaps it was time to help the three he
  had at the moment find pets that they could feed off of. He knew that Megel
  was considering adding a third to his two, solely to help keep up with the
  added needs Joseph was placing on him. "You are both correct. It shames me
  to be sitting here having my pet and First-Born remind me of my responsibilities.
  Perhaps I did not think this through as well as I thought I had." He looked
  around to the last of the orphan Rogue that had come to him. "Selene, how often
  are you feeding now, dear?" 
 Dark eyes rose from the book that she had been reading. She tried so very
  hard not to draw anyone's attention to herself. It had been how she had survived
  for the last six years since her Mistress had died and left her alone. "Nightly
  Elder." Her voice never rose above a whisper. "I have tried to reduce it to
  every other night, but I can't." 
 Azrael snorted. "You are young my dear, you should not have to. Have you
  considered taking a pet or two of your own to reduce your needs on the ones
  I keep here?" This one worried him. He had no idea what she had been like before
  her Mistress had died, but her survival since then had marked her badly. 
 She closed the book, forcing herself to face the ancient one. "I did not
  think that you would approve of that Master. If I bring a mortal here or two,
  will that not cause even a greater drain on your house? I don't wish to be
  a bother. You have been kind enough to give me a safe haven, for that I am
  grateful, and don't want to push my luck." 
 Azrael patted Maria's leg. "Precious, go ask Megel and Vincent to help you
  move the ones from downstairs to the training rooms. Bring the boy who Derrik
  abused to me. I will see that he is cared for. Later I will go and bond with
  them all, and will see that they are allowed some relief from this point on.
  But for now, I believe I have a situation here that needs my attention." 
 "Yes dear," she smiled, it would be all right now. She turned to ask Michael
  and David to help, but both were already standing. She nodded at them as she
  led them form the room. 
 "Tori, why don't you go curl up with Cain, the two of you are getting along
  quite well, or is Jenna waiting for you?" Then he remembered. "Ah, yes, Jenna
  is taking a weeks vacation is she not? Somewhere where there is a lot of 'sun'  ." His
  nose wrinkled at the last word. "Well go on, I am sure Cain will keep you from
  being too lonely." The boy grinned at him and went to join Joseph, who was
  curled up with Jason and Amber. "Selene, Childe come here, we need to talk." 
 'She is so tiny'  . Azrael thought to himself as she
  moved slowly to come and stand before him . 'What was her sire thinking
  of to make such a small thing Kin'?  Azrael did not consider himself
  a large man, he wasn't, but he was a good height for his age. This Childe before
  him however was almost a full head shorter than he was. He estimated that she
  was perhaps five foot, maybe a half an inch more, surely no taller. "You're
  trembling dear, why?" 
 "What do you want of me Elder?" She had tried so hard for the last eight
  days to avoid anyone's attention. But now she faced the greatest of them all. 
 "Come, sit in my lap. You are in no danger Childe. Your behavior here has
  been without complaint. Wish that I could say the same for others." He reached
  for her hand. "How long has it been dear, since anyone has held you?" She was
  like ice in his lap. "Relax dear, I will not hurt you." 
 "I--I have been spending some time with Lilith." What did the Elder want
  with her? "I am not hurting. I wouldn't remain here if I were." 
 The Childe was lying to him. She was hurting, but in a way that had nothing
  to do with the emotional support David's Fledgling gave her. "Will you answer
  a few questions for me. You have avoided them, thus, far." He felt her tense. "Selene,
  I give you my word, as Master of this house, nothing you say to me will get
  you thrown out. I will not harm you in any way. I opened this Covenstead to
  help little ones like you, who had been left to fend for themselves, with,
  no one to help them. Allow me to help you." He wanted to force her to tell
  him what she had been through why she was so afraid, but that would do nothing
  more than cause her greater fear. "Tell me of your Sire, Childe. Was she a
  kind Sire? Were you abused by the one that made you?" 
 "Oh no Elder," her face became animate for a moment. "Mara was kind to me.
  I loved my Sire, my Mother." There was honesty in her eyes, but the fear was
  growing. "She rarely ever had to raise her voice to me." 
 "Of that I can well believe. How did your Sire die pet?" He made soothing
  noises as she began to cry. "I know it is painful, I too lost my Sire many
  years ago. But I was an adult, already an Elder when it happened. So I can
  only imagine the pain you must feel to loose yours at so young an age. How
  old are you dear?" 
 "I, I'm nine now Elder. I was three when the bad one came." She was trembling
  so hard now, that had it not been for Azrael's grip, she would have fallen
  from his lap. 
 'Three'  ! Azrael was horrified. This Childe had been
  an infant, was an infant still. No wonder she was so shy. "I am surprised that
  you are still alive dear. Perhaps there is a greater strength to you than I
  thought. What happened after you Sire was gone?" 
 "Please Elder, do not make me tell you." Shame, the Childe was ashamed of
  something. 
 "You were a slave, were you not?" He felt the cold rage of righteous anger
  as she nodded. "How did you escape them?" 
 "I gave in. I didn't fight." More tears. "Then your summons, I fled. Please
  Elder don't send me back. I will give you anything you ask, please let me stay
  here. He will strip me if I go back. I have no other way of living. I know
  nothing." Would he cast her out now? She was not even Kin anymore, not really,
  but a slave. She did not own herself; another did by virtue of killing her
  Sire. That was the law. Her Sire had accepted the challenge and died, and she
  belonged to the victor. 
 Azrael felt her fears as well as her thoughts as she waited in his lap,
  waiting to be thrown out. To be mocked, perhaps even sent downstairs with the
  rest of his slaves. "No Selene, you are not a slave. Your Mistress was of Legal
  Lines. You were her Fledgling. The one that made the challenge had no right
  to enslave you. He should have made you his, or freed you. That is the law.
  You are safe here, if he comes for you I will protect you." He lifted her chin,
  lips brushing softly against hers. "Will you let me place you under my protection
  in truth? I will train you as if you were my own; this will be your house.
  I cannot remake you as my Fledgling, you have been Kin too long, but I can
  adopt you as mine. I would be your Sire if I thought I could, if I believed
  that the remaking would not do more, harm, than good. But I will be your Master
  if you will have me. Grant you the same safety that I have granted Vincent." 
 She stared at him in shock. She was not related to this one in any way and
  yet he would grant her his protection, just the same as if her Sire had been
  his sister or Childe. "You--" Could it be so. Would she have a chance to live
  again? She who had spent the last six years, answering, to the name 'slave'. "You
  would have me? Elder, why, I don't understand, why would you do this? I am
  no one, nothing. I should have died with my Sire, fought back when she died
  and he took me. You would take a coward?" 
 It was time to take her out of here. Before she realized that everyone in
  the room was now silent and watching her. He felt the rage and pain that those
  in his house felt at the wrongs done this Childe. "We shall go aside now Selene,
  somewhere where you can talk without exposing all of yourself anymore than
  that animal has already forced you to do. But listen to me. You could not have
  won against him. And dying would have served no one. So let us not hear anymore
  about being a coward." He moved, lifting her in his arms. "Don't be afraid
  anymore, sweet. The fear is over, I promise you. No one will ever treat you
  as you have been treated, and if the fool comes to challenge me, I will see
  your Sire vindicated." 
 Joseph watched as they left the room. "Somebody is going to wish that they
  had never met one of the Vampyr before long." He whispered to Torin. "I don't
  think your master will rest till he sees this one killed." 
 "Good." Torin's only word which, were echoed by both Jason and Amber. 
 * * * 
 Azrael carried Selene to his resting-place, his inner sanctum. The safest
  place in his whole domain, "relax Childe, you are in my place now. The evil
  of the past cannot find you here." He laid her on the bed. "Will you welcome
  my protection? Allow me to grant you what any Fledgling has the right to from
  her Kin?" 
 She came into his arms, her throat bared to his teeth as for the first time
  in over six years she allowed another of her kind to feast from her willingly.
  She did not know why, and at this point she didn't care. If the Elder wished
  to place her under his protection, then she would bend gladly. Better he than
  the beast that had hurt her for so long. And as the joy took her, she wondered
  if his touch was like her Sire's had been, or if he would hurt her like her
  Master had. 
 Azrael kissed her throat, licking away the last of the blood. Poor soul
  wounded little one. He would see her healed. "Now pet, it is your turn. Drink,
  let my blood unite us." 
 She sobbed as she drank. It had been so long, so terribly long since last
  she had been allowed this. She would grant him anything for this simple gesture
  of comfort. She could still remember the last time she had lay like this with
  Mara, blood flowing into her with her love. And now as she pulled away at his
  touch, she swore, she didn't care if he hurt her, she would welcome anything
  he desired. 
 Azrael held her as she cried. Stroking her hair gently as he murmured soft
  and soothing noises to her. He had no idea, when he opened his home to his
  kind that one such as she would find haven here. But now he was glad that he
  had. If he helped no one else, aided no other, he had done his duty to his
  people with this one. Perhaps there would be more like her. Children that those
  who were outside the Lines had hurt, who would hear his call and seek refuge
  here. Perhaps he would end up adopting many. So be it. It was more than time
  that the Elders of the Lines stepped forward and began to heal the wrongs done
  to their Kin. One day the Vampyr would be as strongly linked, as it had been
  when he was a Childe. "Sweet?" 
 Large dark eyes looked up at him. "Master." There was such joy in that word. 
 "You Sire was female. Do you only desire women?" Time to touch the next
  sore spot. If the Childe's fears were any indication, he knew what had been
  done to her. "I would not take a woman who found no pleasure from a man, but
  if you are willing I would love you?" 
 She leaned up kissing him. She had never slept with a man that brought her
  pleasure, but she would deny him nothing. If it were the terror that she had
  already known, then she would live with it. If not, then her willingness would
  be reward enough. 
 Azrael moved slowly, whispering gentle promises to her as he began to remove
  her clothes. "Don't be shy sweet, I have never hurt anyone like this for anything
  less than punishment. You have done no wrong. There will be nothing but the
  sweetest of pleasure for you. No one in my home will ever cause you pain, from
  the lowest of my pets to my own First-Born." 
 She watched as he removed his clothes, taking note that unlike the one who
  had been her Master, whose name she never knew, because he had denied her that
  right, Azrael was cleanly. It was one of the greatest shames that she had been
  forced to bear. The filth that he had chosen to live in and forced her to accept.
  And as his body covered her mouth and tongue seeking to engage hers in the
  dance of pleasure she felt desire, true desire, for a man for the first time
  in her life. She had been so young when Mara had made her a pet, barely seventeen,
  and a virgin then. But now, as badly used as she had been, she found a man
  that treated her as if she were untouched. 
 Azrael touched the blood brand that marked her left breast. He would find
  the animal that was connected to it, and he would see him pay for the crimes
  done. But before that he would see this mark removed, and all the terror that
  had come with it healed. "His name is Set." He whispered to her. "The mark
  of his name is here. Had you been older you would have known that, but you
  were a baby when your Sire died." His mouth closed over the nipple of the scarred
  breast. Knowing that somewhere, this animal knew that one greater than he was
  now with her. Relishing in the anger he knew this conceited beast would feel.
  Good, let him rage at her joy. He would see that she felt the full extent of
  his love. "Does my touch bring you pleasure little one?" He raised his head
  to smile down at her. 
 She looked at him in wonder. "Yes." The smile was shy, but a true one. The
  first smile he had ever seen on her face. "You are kind Master." 
 "My name is Azrael. Use it precious. And it is not kindness that I am showing
  you, but pleasure. The pleasure you have had a right to all along. Join me
  in this." Again his mouth closed over her left breast as his hand moved to
  caress the right. Pleased to hear the moan that escaped her lips. Love, she
  would know. He would see to it. Everyone in his home would see to it. She would
  never sleep alone or be left wanting. 
 She lay beneath him, her mind in a daze as he heated her skin with his.
  It had been so long since she last felt like this. Lilith had been wonderful,
  but there was no blood there, no exchange of essence. But with this one, who
  held and stroked her with such gentle passion, there was everything. "Oh," a
  sigh escaped her as a hand gently parted her legs. Would he take her now? Would
  it be as pleasant as this? 
 Azrael smiled to himself as her body responded to his touch, her hands shyly
  reaching to stroke his hair, his back, as he began to move down her. His, mouth,
  blazing a trail of pleasure from one breast to the other and then downward.
  A trail of kisses over her belly, as her legs parted further at, his, hand's
  insistence. 
 "' NO'  !" She cried, trying to pull away as she felt
  his mouth on her. "Please." Would he? The pain was too much, surely he would
  not do that to her. Not even Lilith had been able to touch her with her mouth
  there. The memories of her abuse were too strong. 
 Azrael didn't pull away. He would show her that her fears were groundless.
  Her hands pushed at his head, pulling hair until he caught her wrists in his
  grip. "Lay back precious, I will not harm you." No words of threat, no need,
  she was too used to obeying, far to broke, for, there, to be any argument. 
 She cried softly waiting for the pain. Waiting for the tearing and the feeding
  that she was used to. But none came. Azrael's teeth nipped lightly as his tongue
  sought her sweet coolness. Letting her feel true love for the first time since
  her Sire had left her. 
 She stopped fighting as her body began to give into Azrael's gentle persistent
  touch. Moans and cries the only sounds she made as suddenly she felt his fingers
  joining his mouth in the pleasure. Her hips rose to his thrust, legs opening
  wider to welcome him. There were no words for this, no way to describe the
  intense joy that was beginning to build in the bottom of her belly. 
 Azrael felt the pressure break free even as her cries sounded out through
  the room. He wondered how long it had been since she had fully given herself
  to the joy of the flesh. Even now as she trembled beneath him, hips rising
  in tempo with his thrusting fingers against his mouth, he could feel the joyous
  shock and wonder that radiated from her as her sweetness flowed over his face.
  Yes she would be his, he would see that she learned every pleasure he could
  show her. 
 He moaned under the honesty of her kiss as she pulled him against her. She
  was his. And as her legs parted even farther to welcome him between them, hips
  tilting to ease his entry, he knew she knew it too. "Wrap your legs around
  me Selene, let me love you completely." 
 She cried against his lips, nails raking across his shoulders as he began
  to move within her, pushing deep, with slow, easy thrusts. Letting her feel
  the joy he felt, the pleasure and the heat. Stoking her need with, his, own,
  waiting for the build. Knowing that if he could bring her to him, here and
  now, she would never fear this again. "Open up to me." His mouth against her
  throat, "join me." 
 She screamed as the force of his thrust pinned her to the bed, even as his
  fangs broke through her flesh and again she was thrown into the wondrous haze
  of passion and need. The calling and the fulfilling, till she could no longer
  separate herself from it, and lay beneath him lost in the wonder that he had
  given her. 
 She lay beneath him silent, as he pulled away. No words, no sounds, just
  a peaceful silence that had not been hers for so long. "Selene?" He gathered
  her close, pleased to see that though she was quiet, that her body responded
  as she pressed against him. "Childe?" 
 What could she say to him? How could she ever hope to be able to thank him
  for returning something she had lost so long ago? Hope and faith, if she had
  to wait for the words to, express, herself she might never speak again. But
  as she looked up at him, into those deep ancient eyes, she knew he understood.
  And that she did not have to find words for the unexplainable. 
 Azrael had succeeded in what he had aimed to do. She was his, and even more,
  the beginnings were there for when she would belong to herself again. "So dearest,
  did you find your time with me to be something you will look forward to, or
  shall I let you seek comfort from my girls?" 
 She looked at him, disbelief in her eyes. He had to ask? How could he, not,
  know. Then it dawned on her. He knew he was playing with her, teasing her. "If
  you have to ask Master, then you are not as all knowing as you have led me
  to believe." She bit her lip, waiting for his response. 
 It was Azrael's turn to look stunned. "My, my, a jest, from you  ?
  You who have not spoken above a whisper since you, entered, my domain. Perhaps
  the sun will cease to rise next, and we need never hide again." He hugged her. "You
  will do well here, Childe. We shall see you returned to the promise that your
  Sire first saw in you. This I swear. But for now, we need go and let you feed
  again. I would let you feed off of me, but I have yet to share myself with
  Vincent, and have five slaves that need my attention. For now, until you feel
  more comfortable, when I go to rest, you shall sleep at my side." 
 She threw he arms around him, hugging with every ounce of her strength.
  He had given her more than just her life and her freedom this night. "I love
  you." The whisper again, but this time it was one of joy, not of fear. 
CHAPTER 5 
 All talking ceased as Azrael led Selene back into his chamber. "Have the
  slaves been attended to?" He looked to Maria, who sat with a young man beside
  her. 
 "Yes, Master. I had them shower, as well, before I had them chained again." She
  looked over at the youth beside her. "This is Casey. He is the one that the
  other abused so." She made a motion towards Azrael. "Go on Casey, go kneel
  before your Master. Let him see what you look like." 
 The boy almost fell in his hurry to obey. Once was enough for him. He knew
  what they could do. He fell to his knees at Azrael's feet. 
 Azrael looked down at him. "Stand up boy, let me see the extent of your
  injuries." He reached out to steady the boy as he stood. Frowning as the youth
  flinched from his touch. "I am not going to harm you. I told you once already,
  you are safe from me as long as you obey." He took in the damage. 
 The boy was a mess. Both sides of his face were bruised; his back a rash
  of welts and scabbing where the blow had broke the skin. His scrotum was swollen,
  warning Azrael of internal damage. He would have to have a long talk with Lierin
  about his husbands' behavior. Or perhaps it might be best to have a word with
  Derrik himself. "Torin?" He looked up seeking his Healer Mage. 
 "Master?" Torin pulled himself from the chess game that he and Joseph were
  playing. 
 "The boy needs your attentions pet. Do you think you can help him?" Let
  him see if he could do it alone before Azrael made any further decisions. 
 Torin looked him over. The bruises and welts were no problem, but the swelling
  in his scrotum was another matter. "Master, I am going to have to touch him." He
  wanted his Master to be ready if the boy protested. "It's probably going to
  hurt." 
 "I'll hold him still." Joseph moved forward to help. "Relax kid, no one
  is going to hurt you more than can be helped. Tori is a Healer, he has to see
  how bad you're hurt." Arms wrapped around him, holding him in place. 
 "Please." His breath caught in his throat as Torin's fingers touched him. "I
  did like he said. I let him." 
 "It's nothing Azrael." Torin smiled at the boy. "Just some irritation, nothing
  else. This is a rather sensitive spot to be taking blows to. Do you want me
  to heal him?" 
 "Yes, he had obeyed the rules of his slavery, there is no reason he should
  suffer." He led Selene to his chair. "When you are finished with him bring
  him to me." 
 "Joey, if you would hold him for me, he might get a little weak kneed during
  this." 
 "Got him love, go on. I won't let him fall." He and Torin had over the last
  two years grown closer, as Kin should, in his eyes. His master would one day,
  real soon, be brother to this one. 
 The healing was simple. It's just some swelling due to irritation. But Torin
  swore to himself, if Derrik did this to one more person, that he'd ask Azrael's
  permission to beat the snot out of him. This was un-called for. "There you
  go, that should feel a whole lot better." His hands raised, cupping the frightened
  boy's face, power singing in his veins as he healed the bruises there before
  motioning for Joseph to turn him around. The boy was lucky the cracked rib
  he suffered could have broken and punctured a lung. But fate was kind. 
 Torin pulled back smiling. "Go on over to your Master, your healed now.
  There is no more pain." 
 The boy stumbled weak from loss of blood and abuse. What more could they
  want from him. He'd been given no choice, one moment he was breaking into a
  house, the next here. They never even asked him his name. It was Maria, who
  found him this morning curled up on his bed in so much pain, breathing even,
  hurt, that had finally asked him who he was. The floor came up fast and hard
  under him as he fell at the vampire's feet that owned him now. 
 Azrael looked at him silently. He really should be thankful that Maria had
  brought this to his attention as quickly as she did. "Maria, I commend you.
  Had you not told me, braved my anger to bring me this news, I would have never
  known that my word was being proven false." He graced her with one of his most
  brilliant smiles. "Now as to what to do with you. I am sorry that you have
  suffered. I promise it will not happen again. Now is there anything I might
  offer you to ease the pain that my careless Kin has caused you?" 
 The boy knelt there before him, arms wrapped around himself, trembling with
  effort not to fall flat on his face. He was so tired, and cold. All he wanted
  to do was sleep. "Water?" He looked up. Lips dry from loss of blood and the
  cold of the basement. "May I have a glass of water, please?" 
 Azrael turned his head at the sight. "Yes, of course." He looked to Morgan
  who sat in Mark's lap, a hurt and horrified expression on her face. "Pet, fetch
  the boy some water." 
 Selene watched her heart going out to the boy in the floor. She had been
  where he was just a short time ago. "Azrael?" She braved his name. Trusting
  in what they had shared to allow it. "Master?" 
 "Yes dear." He was grateful to be able to look at something besides this
  pitiful creature before him. But the pain in his newest Fledglings eyes was
  no reprieve. "What is it precious?" 
 She looked down. "You have given me so much tonight. I should cringe at
  the thought of asking for anything else." How could she ask him? This was his
  slave, a rightful one, and a lawbreaker. But she couldn't bear to look at him
  like this. 
 "Name it Selene, what do you want. Childe, I have not given you anything
  that you have not returned." He looked back down at Casey. "You want him do
  you not? It breaks your heart to see him like this. You who have known such
  similar pain." She nodded. "Very well, he is yours. It saves me the worry of
  what to do with him. He is your pet, if you will have him as such, your slave
  if not. His health and welfare are your responsibility." 
 She leaned over and kissed him. "Thank you." 
 "Do not thank me yet, dear. Wait; see if the boy is going to be trouble
  or not before you do. You might end up begging me to take him back just to
  get away from him. You have never owned a mortal before, have you?" He knew
  the answer long before she shook her head. "It is both a joy and a head ache
  at times. They are so fragile compared to us. Look at him. Did you see the
  damage he suffered? Derrik probably did not mean to harm him so badly, but
  what hurts them is nothing to us. Remember that, you can kill with little more
  than a touch." 
 Selene nodded, listening to the wisdom in his words. She would have to be
  very careful with him now, even more so, until he gained strength. "I understand,
  and still I thank you." 
 Morgan returned with a large glass of water. "Here." She held the glass
  for him as he drank. "Slow down, you'll make yourself sick." 
 Nothing had ever tasted so good in his life. He tried to slow down like
  she warned but it was so hard. He had been so thirsty, was still very much
  so. But the water went quite a ways to easing that thirst. "Thank you." His
  voice a whisper as he rocked forward, fighting to stay knelt where he was. 
 "Boy." Azrael had waited, until his first request had been granted, before
  drawing his attention again. "Look at me." 
 His head rose, and a pair of frightened brown eyes stared at him from behind
  stringy dirty brown hair. "Selene has asked for you. Offered to put you under
  her protection. Do you understand me?" 
 The head of dirty hair shook from side to side. No, of course, he didn't.
  How could he? "She will be the one who sees to your care now. You are no longer
  a slave to be fed from and ignored, but her own personal pet, like the ones
  you see in this room. She will see to it that you are cared for and protected.
  But be warned. If you give her trouble, I will be more than happy to return
  you to the state that you are now escaping. Now do you understand?" 
 His eyes shifted from Azrael's to Selene's. "What do you want?" 
 Selene looked to Azrael, who smiled. "Go on dear, let the boy have your
  bond. It will be a few days before you can drink from him, but your blood should
  help him to regain his strength. Then you might consider choosing one of my
  pets to feed from. After that, the boy needs a bath, and some food if you plan
  to keep him." 
 Selene moved slowly to drop to her knees beside Casey. The boy cried out,
  pulling away from her touch. Which only caused him to fall forward onto the
  floor. "Don't." She grabbed him as he tried to pull away. "I won't hurt you.
  I promise. Come here, I want to be your friend." 
 Azrael watched silently as Selene coaxed the boy into her arms. He wondered
  how Thorne's boy had fared all these years. The pain of his need still troubled
  him and watching his new charge, knowing what her life had been like, made
  him even more disturbed. He hoped that tonight, as he sent forth the call again,
  that the boy was brave enough to try to reach him again. Megel would be waiting
  this time, and he would find him. 
 He knew he should be prepared for the worst. The pain he had felt was so
  intense. The Childe could be in mortal danger, half-insane or worse be like
  Selene and enslaved somewhere. No, he didn't want to think about that. Didn't
  want to consider that one of his, blood, could be suffering such a brutal fate.
  Well, no matter he would find the boy, his Grand-Childe, and he would see that
  he was healed. 
 Michael moved slowly around Selene and her pet, not wanting to frighten
  either of them any more than they were already. "So, I see that the mouse is
  making an effort to join us at last." His legs folded under him and he sat
  on the floor beside his Sire. "Cain filled me in on what I missed while Vincent
  and I were helping Maria with the other seven. Do you plan to track down this
  Renegade and deal with him, or shall I." 
 "I am sorry my love, I know how you love a good battle, but that privilege
  is one I am going to enjoy. I will track him down eventually, and make him
  pay for what he has done. But for now, I have more important matters to attend
  to. Are you planning to join me later?" 
 "Yes, I have already informed Cain that he's sleeping alone tonight. He
  understands and hopes that we find the boy. I grow more pleased with my Childe
  every night. He is bending over backwards to go out of his way to be useful.
  It's quiet entertaining to watch Jay and he try to out do each other when it
  comes to pleasing me." 
 Azrael chuckled. "I have noticed. Is there any hurt feelings between them?" 
 "No, not at all, Jason was thrilled that I chose to make him my Childe,
  instead of my slave. They are becoming more and more like brothers every day.
  I am getting to the point that I feel Jason is ready for the Gift. The only
  thing that is holding me back is the fact that he's only been with me about
  two years. He learns so well, try's so hard. You missed it last night. Your
  Two were busy going over the laws with him. I am beginning to believe that
  they know those damned things backwards and forwards. It will be good having
  so many children learning together once they cross over." 
 "Yes, what with Morgan and Jason already Kin by birth, and my Tori trying
  so hard, to become a second brother to her. And his infatuation with Cain,
  I am certain that between the four we will have prodigy to be proud of. So
  what do you think of your new adopted sister?" 
 "I can't really say yet. She has gone out of her way to avoid dealing with
  anyone older than Lilith was. I don't feel your mark on her." 
 "I have only adopted her in the sense that I will train her and protect
  her. She is far too broken for me to remake her, though I might once I have
  helped her to build back up what that animal tore down. But alas, at the moment,
  her tie to the woman who sired her is all that is keeping her going." 
 "I will make time to get to know her. Perhaps she would like to join me
  one night in play." He turned and watched her as she quietly talked the boy
  beside her into drinking from her. "She is such a little thing." 
 "I noticed that myself." Azrael nodded at her smiling as she grinned at
  him, obviously pleased with her success. "Yes dear, I see that you have began
  to build the boy's trust. Now, remember, you need to feed again." 
 "Again?" Michael looked at her. "You have been feasting off of her?" He
  couldn't believe his Sire would take from anything so tiny. "Azrael, the Childe
  has barely enough blood in her veins for her own use." 
 "It helped during a particularly delicate moment, Megel. I will allow her
  to refresh herself from one of my own pets. I would never weaken her." 
 "Allow me." He moved to reach for her. "Selene, come here little sister." 
 Selene jumped at his touch. "Yes?" She was still so very guarded. 
 Michael pulled his hand away. "I'm sorry dear, I didn't mean to frighten
  you. I only wanted to offer to help with your feeding. We're family now, you
  and I, and what better way to set up blood ties." 
 Selene looked at him shyly. "You--you don't have to do that Megel. One of
  the others will be fine. I am not that hungry." She looked, pleadingly, at
  Azrael. "Master?" 
 "Go on girl. Megel is my First-Born. The two of you need to start building
  ties. If I am to raise you as one of my own, then it is only logical that you
  treat him as your brother. Did your Sire have any other Fledglings besides
  you?" 
 "No, I was her first. That is why she took the challenge, he wanted me for
  himself, and she wouldn't let him have me." There was such sadness in her eyes. "I
  wish she had, I would have rather suffered and she live." 
 "First-Born, and only Childe. Poor thing, well no matter as you can see
  here. You won't suffer that problem. I not only have Megel staying with me
  but two Chosen who will eventually join you in my Brood. Megel has Cain, and
  his Chosen Jason, over there. So you will have quiet a family to rely on as
  you recover. Now go on and take Megel's offer. It is getting late, and I know
  at your age, it's nearing resting time. Would you protest greatly if I ask
  Megel's boy Cain to rest with you tonight? He and I have some rather important
  work to take care of. Starting tomorrow, I will let you stay with me during
  the day." 
 "Can I bring Casey?" She looked back at her new pet that sat watching her
  with half fear, half hope in his eyes. "Derrik really frightened him, I promised
  I wouldn't leave him alone. He's afraid that he'll come back." 
 "Will it bother him, if he wakes during the day? They sometimes find being
  trapped with us during our slumber to be a little much. If you are worried
  about him, I will let him stay with Tori. Derrik is no match for my Chosen,
  and you can rest assured that no harm will befall the boy." 
 She considered this. "You're right, I remember the first time I slept the
  day with Mara. I woke up before she did, and watching her sleep was so much
  like death, no I don't think he's quite up to that. Would your Chosen mind?" 
 "Tori?" He smiled as his Chosen looked up from, yet another, chess game
  with Joseph. "Have you any set plans for bed later?" 
 "Not really, I was going to see if Maria or Valerie wanted a bed partner,
  why?" 
 "Selene is going to keep Cain company at dawn, and she has this new one
  here, who is terrified of Derrik. Would you mind, if I asked you to keep him
  for the day?" 
 Torin gave one of his famous shrugs. "Sure, one bedmate is as good as another
  if it's not you. Yeah, I'll keep him from worrying about the other." Then to
  Selene, "Mistress, should I just to put him to bed, or are we allowed to amuse
  ourselves?" 
 Selene looked at Casey biting her lip. On one hand, the boy was terrified
  of anything remotely male right now, and would probably be grateful beyond
  words if she spared him. But on the other, surely her new master's Chosen wouldn't
  hurt him, and it would do him some good to learn to be able to trust. "How
  far would you take it?" 
 Torin nodded, "well he's obviously not going to be up to anything hot and
  heavy. I won't hurt him Mistress, ask anyone here. I don't do that sort of
  thing. But I will show him that not every guy here wants to see how many ways
  they can wreck his world." He remembered his first few nights and how important
  the male bonding had been. To learn that it was all right to seek not only
  friendship, but also closeness and pleasure as well. 
 "Just don't hurt him. I don't know much about what two boys do together,
  but what ever you do, please don't hurt him. I know what he's been through,
  and I won't ever let anyone do that to him again." 
 Torin bowed his head in acknowledgment. "Yes Mistress." 
 Michael took her hand as she turned back to him. "Tori won't hurt him Selene,
  that boy hasn't got an evil bone in his body. He'll be your brother soon enough,
  would he do that to his sister's pet?" This one would take time. She had been
  beaten down so far. He wasn't sure that she would ever be able to stand-alone.
  Azrael might have to keep her with him for the rest of his life, and he afterwards,
  if she lived that long. "Drink, Selene. Take what you need from me. I have
  healthy pets to tend to my needs. 
 Her tiny body trembled as it rested against his and she pressed her mouth
  to his throat, fangs sinking deep into the jugular there. "Yes, little one,
  go on, how else will you build back your strength." Such a timid thing, so
  quiet, she weighed nothing in his arms, how could she have survived the horror
  that had been her life. 
 "Tori, precious?" Azrael reached for him. "When she goes to take this one
  here, and care for his needs, go with her. Make sure she makes it to Megel's
  resting-place afterwards. I am sure Cain will be able to handle it from there,
  he is such a darling boy." 
 "I'll take care of it Azrael, you just take care of what ever it is that
  has had you so disturbed all night. Cain will tuck her in and make sure she's
  not lonely. And I'll see what I can do about convincing her new one there that
  the rest of us won't do what Derrik did." Torin leaned over and kissed Azrael,
  wrapping his arms around him, squeezing. "What is it Master? You've had this
  lost hurt look in your eyes all night long. Morgan has noticed, Mark, and Maria
  especially. Valerie even asked me if I did something. Have I?" 
 No, of course not, come here." He let the young man crawl into his lap. "It
  is nothing precious, I will make sure I speak to each of them, and reassure
  them that I am fine. You should not have to concern yourself with this. It
  is a matter for Megel and I to handle." He had not realized that his hopes
  and his pains were so obvious to his family. "There is a Rogue out there, I
  felt him last night." He sighed. "I believe it is the Childe of one of my lost
  two. Thorne was my second Childe. He was killed, two centuries or so back.
  This lost Fledgling has his mark, my mark. But the tie broke before I could
  turn my full attention upon it. Megel is going to link with me tonight in hopes
  that the boy will reach out again, and we can find him." Azrael felt Torin's
  arms tighten around him. "If I can find him, help him, I will have back something
  of my lost one." 
 "You should have said something earlier Azrael. I wasted all my practice
  time on formulas and power summoning, when I could have been helping you. I
  am a Healer remember? Things like ties, and blood marks, are real easy for
  me now." Torin looked down at him with a hurt look in his eyes. "Why didn't
  you ask, I would have tried for you." 
 "Ssshh, no need for this. Your training time is yours. It is precious to
  you. I have so many other things to see to every night. It is the only time
  I can give you, at the moment, that is yours and yours alone. This was not
  an emergency. The boy has lived without my help for over two hundred years,
  one more night will not matter one way of the other." He brushed Torin's hair
  from his eyes. "I thank you for your selfless offer though. It warms my heart
  that you would be willing to give up what few spare moments of my time you
  have to yourself." 
 "I have from now, until when ever, to be with you. And I know you will always
  be there when I need you. So I can afford to be generous." He grinned. "Though
  I was wondering, when can I take a hour or so of your time and pin you to a
  bed? I know you've been busy, and I know that for the most part, Mo has been
  taking up a lot of your time, and that Mark is still having some problems with
  the living arrangements. I've been lucky, between Jenna and Joey. I don't sleep
  alone. But if it's all the same to you, I'd really like to take my next feeding
  to its proper conclusion." 
 Azrael laughed softly, reaching to pull his precious Chosen against him. "I
  have been ignoring your needs, have I? You are right; I do rely on your affections
  with Jenna and Megel's boy to keep you content. But I will see to it that I
  make certain that I make more time for you. My three girls are in the same
  boat. There is just not enough time in the day anymore. With three, new, pets
  a Covenstead, training, and now Selene. Gods but I am only one man. I am tempted
  to take a few more pets, and give them to my girls just so that I can stop
  feeling guilty." 
 "Jenna would be thrilled. She's gotten greedy with my time. Say's it's been
  so long since she's had a man at her complete disposal that she's making up
  for lost time. Maria and Val would probably be just as thrilled." He tangled
  his hands in Azrael's hair as he began to nibble and bite along the base of
  his throat. "I love you." It felt so good to be held here. His life, was, centered
  on this man, and all that he offered. 
 "Tomorrow night, I promise Sweet. You will fall asleep in my arms tomorrow
  night." And he held him, letting him draw comfort from the embrace, for now.
  Soon enough Selene would be ready to take care of her pet, but until then,
  he had been unforgivably negligent in his actions with those in his care. He
  would see that this ceased. 
 Selene rested against Michael his blood warming her. "Thank you." 
 "For what? The little amount of blood you took from me? Childe I loose more
  between my two over there nightly than you took. You're need is no hardship
  for anyone. Anytime you need, and that boy of yours can't give it to you, you
  come to me." He kissed her. "Remember that." 
* * * 
 Casey watched from where he sat huddled on the floor. Things had changed;
  he wasn't going to be sent back downstairs. The other one, he wouldn't be able
  to hurt him again. But he wasn't sure he liked the trade. The girl, he had
  such a hard time believing that she was a vampire, she owned him now. Promised
  not to let anything, bad, happen again, and the first thing she does is give
  him to some guy for the night. And as he watched Torin with the one that used
  to own him, he knew what would happen. It would be like at home. Had he known
  that running away from home would end him up here, he would have dropped his
  pants and let his stepfather fuck him nightly and been quiet about it. 
* * * 
 Torin sobbed against Azrael's lips, as his master's hands won free over
  the fastenings of his pants, and reached to capture the prize within. Homosexuality
  no longer bothered him, nothing that two people could do to each other to bring
  pleasure was considered wrong, or bad, or not for him anymore. His master had
  helped him past his old prejudices and taught him a new way of thinking. "Please." He
  was responsive, thrusting upward into the gentle hand that held him. "Master," he
  begged. "Azrael, please, I need this." 
 The rest could wait, the seven wouldn't expire if it took0 him another hour
  to get to them. Selene could begin to take care of her boy without Torin. Azrael
  could not stop now, could not force his Chosen to pull away hungry like this. "Ssshh,
  Tori, love. When have I ever began something and asked another to finish it." He
  moved slowly, holding Torin to him as he rose to stand. "Hold on precious,
  hold on for just a moment longer, and I promise you, I will see you cared for." 
 It always amazed Torin when Azrael did this, carried one of them. It didn't
  look weird when it was Michael or David, they were both relatively tall men,
  but his Master was not. And yet he could lift anyone of them with no obvious
  display of effort. And what is more, with grace and elegance that seemed impossible. 
 Azrael laughed softly, pushing Torin back down on to the bed. "Boy, let
  me undress. I swear, one would think you have been starved." 
 Torin reached up, pushing his hands away from the buttons on his trousers. "Starved
  no, just on a diet. Let me, I've been a good boy for so long, I want to splurge." His
  forehead pressed against Azrael's chest as his fingers finally won free with
  the fastenings and he was able to push the restraining garments down, freeing
  that which he was after. "Let me, Azrael, please." 
 He smiled into those beautiful pewter eyes. "Go on pretty boy, take what
  you want from me for now." He watched as the dark blond head moved, and lips
  found him. Sighing he relaxed under the pleasant grip of his pets aggressions.
  Yes, life had gotten hectic, and perhaps even at his age he still had things
  to learn. But with his First-Born home, two younglings to train, and two Chosen
  with one of those being a Mage no less. He could not ask for a better life.
  Strange, more chaotic and exasperating than it had been in centuries, but he
  went to his rest at each suns rising a happier man. "Pity there is never enough
  blood in my release to be considered a feeding. For I believe you would prefer
  it this way." He chuckled at the renewed effort on his member as he finished
  undressing. "Let me lay down precious, join you in this play." 
 Torin pulled away, yanking off his shirt and fighting with his pants, as
  Azrael kicked his own from him. "Relax pet. I haven't neglected you that much." 
 "No?" He grinned resuming his attack as his master laid back. "Every time
  you hold one of us, kiss us, tell us you love us, and don't take it to this
  end. We feel neglected." Again his mouth found Azrael's throat. "There is no
  way to tell you what you mean to all of us. You're so used to the feelings
  you have, and feeling them so intensely. But for us," he let his hands capture
  Azrael's hardness, stroking it with brutal passion. "Every time I feel like
  this, it's like the first time all over." Gray eyes looked down into brown. "Now,
  please. I want to feel you now." 
 Azrael turned, placing Torin under him. "Yes, precious, now." His mouth
  lowered, fangs piercing, feeling the mortal under him shudder in delight as
  he fed. Knowing that the boy was so caught up in the pleasure that he only
  added to his joy. But the knowledge that unlike any other pet in his lair,
  this one had come here completely of his own free will, never forced or coerced.
  Was what brought him the greatest satisfaction. And as he felt Torin's release
  against his leg and, the cry of joy from his own, sweet, pets' lips, he knew
  it was time. Perhaps not tonight, for the need to track Thorne's lost one was
  so great, but tomorrow he would give his Line this boy. He did not have to
  wait any longer. 
 "Torin." He raised his eyes, looking down into the drooping, heavy lidded,
  sultry gaze of his soon to be Childe. "Enjoy your last night as a mortal pet.
  Once you are through tucking that boy in come light, you might want to take
  the car and spend your last day in the sun. For I swear this. Come tomorrow
  night. I will make you mine." 
 Torin looked up at him, his languor gone. Did Azrael mean it, was he going
  to, so soon. He couldn't believe his good luck. Those first few days he had
  begged again and again for Azrael to take him, and finally had to be ordered
  not to mention it again, but now. "You're going to?" 
 "Yes precious, I will make you my Childe. Chosen no more, but; Kin in truth." He
  lowered himself, kissing the boy beneath him. "You understand the first year
  is hard. It is not always easy at the beginning. It will be a very painful
  during the first night, as your body completes the change, dying, to rise again
  the next setting of the sun. But I will be here, we all will. If you still
  wish this of me." 
 "Wish it?" How could he think anything else? He had wanted it since his
  first night when Azrael had moved him so. "With every thing I have." 
 "Then you shall be mine." He pulled away, reaching for Torin's leg. "But
  first, I want to finish what you have started. And as I love you, I want you
  etch every feeling in your mind, for this is the last time I will take you
  as my pet. The next time you lay like this under me, it will be as my Childe." He
  reached, gathering the traces of Torin's release, using it to ease entry. "I
  have loved you since the first time I looked into your eyes, and that love
  will grow thousand fold when I take your mortality. Now we burn." And with
  a fluid thrust, Azrael went to give his Chosen what he had begged for. 
CHAPTER 6  
 The bed fit well into the small corner of the room. Fortunately for Zak,
  he didn't need much, except a safe, dark, room and a bed. "There, that should
  do." 
 "Sorry about the space. For some reason I always thought this room was bigger." Robyn
  stood in the doorway, sheets and a pillow in her arms. She had offered to help
  move the bed down the stairs, but Zak had only laughed at her. 
 "Don't fret Milady." He took the linens from her. "It has all that I need,
  protection from the sun and a bed." 
 "I talked to Robyn, we'll have another alarm system put in for you, though
  her house is Fort Knox compared to mine." William wormed an arm around him. 
 Zak smiled down at him fondly. "Hello, Beloved." 
 "All right you two, we will have none of that." Robyn chuckled. "Young lust,
  ga'damn." 
 "G'damn?" Zak lifted an eyebrow at her. 
 "No Fang's, it's ga'damn. Don't worry you'll be saying it before long. All
  Robby's friends end up using it eventually." 
 Zak turned his most brilliant smile on Robyn. "So, Milady, do you agree?
  Shall we be friends?" 
 Robyn crossed her arms over her chest, and gave him a measuring look. "How
  come some men can say friends, and make the word sound more loaded than a Wino
  after a bottle of Mad Dog." She laughed at his chagrined expression. "Sure,
  friends we'll be. Now, I don't know about the two of you, but I'm going upstairs
  and sit down before I fall down. The pain is gone, but the damage isn't. So
  you two joining me, or do you plan to christen the bed?" 
 "Go on up Hon, we'll be along in a minute." William grinned at Zak. 
 "Yeah, right, sure. Well if you take too long, either, go ahead and sleep
  in, or lock up as you leave." She turned to hobble back up the stairs, muttering
  something about her luck, and men. 
 "You going to be okay love?" William went willingly into a full embrace. "She
  takes a bit of getting used to, but she's cool." 
 "The Lady and I will get along well. It's you I'm worried about. Living
  away from me. Especially after our bond, you will always need my blood, but
  it will be need nightly for a while." 
 "I'll get a key from Robyn, and be here when you wake up. I'm kind of interested
  in building on what we started, and that's damned hard if I'm not with you." 
 Zak's arms tightened as his mouth closed over William's. It was so good
  now. His waiting had been painful he had wanted to do this for so long. But
  now, as his tongue met his lovers, and a hand pulled at his shirt seeking flesh,
  it was wonderful. The wait had made this beautiful surrender all the sweeter.
  His head pulled back so he could look down into the beautiful hazel eyes of
  his lover. "I want you." 
 "Wait--Robyn." He hated to admit it, but they really should go back upstairs. 
 "Will be fine for a few more minutes." He lowered himself to his knees,
  fingers reaching for William's belt. "Lay back love, I must have at least a
  taste. I have longed for this for many years now. Don't deny me." 
 William let him push him back on the bed, lifting his hips so his friend
  and lover could pull his jeans past his waste and hips. "Hurry." The promise
  of wonderful pleasure was stimulating. His manhood stood erect and hard, throbbing
  with pent up passions, as cool lips closed over it. He cried out softly at
  the pressure. No one had ever blown him the way Zak did. It was so cool, so
  snug. Jaw muscles working to create a vice of velvet wetness that stole his
  whole being. "Zak--I--" it felt so good. 
 Zak's hands rose up William's body stroking touching, loving every inch
  of skin they came in contact with. Pleased at the responsiveness of his lover
  to his touch. William belonged to him now. After over four years of patience
  his reward writhed beneath him. 
 William's body tensed as the pleasure, that the wonderful wet pressure of
  Zak's mouth, brought him to his point of ending. "Now--I'm going to--" His
  hips rose, thrusting forward into the fabulous pull, his loins spasming as
  his lover took the release, pulling harder draining him of every last trace. 
 He could taste himself on Zak's lips as his lover kissed him. "Don't stop,
  please, Zak. I--" He wanted it now. More than anything he had ever wanted in
  his life, he wanted to, feel, Zak in him. 
 "Soon Beloved, very soon. But for now, we both must be patient. Let's go
  upstairs and be proper guests. When she retires, I will take you. But if I
  do so now, it will be dawn before you leave this room. For I fear once will
  not satisfy my lusts." His actions on William's body were making lies out of
  his words, for even as he spoke of pulling away, his hands still sought to
  touch, and to feel. Enticing his new love with promises of greater pleasures. 
 "Yeah," again that soul-stealing kiss, and those hands, he could feel Zak's
  love, it was like a blanket that covered him, as surely as his lovers body. 
 A sound at the door caused Zak to look up. Robyn stood there, a look of
  supreme fury on her face. "You Shmuck!" the book in her hand flew towards them,
  to be snatched out of the air by Zak. "I'm upstairs feeling like a fucking
  pervert because I keep imagining what the two of you are doing down here, I
  couldn't stop thinking about it. So I decided to come down and ask the two
  of you to wait till I go to sleep, just to find out it wasn't my imagination." Then
  to Zak, "what the fuck did you do to me?" 
 Zak looked from her to William and back again. "Wait. You were aware of
  our activities?" 
 "Aware? Man, I almost came because of them." 
 Zak looked back to William. "I was not aware." He looked embarrassed. "The
  two of you have been lovers?" 
 "Well yeah, not really lovers more like fuck buddies. Why?" He took the
  book out of Zak's hand. "Desire's Pinnacle." The very tone in his voice spoke
  volumes about his disgust. "Robby, you threw a romance at me." He dropped the
  book as if it burned him. "A bodice ripper. Robyn, I'm disappointed." 
 "Fuck you." She moved towards them. "It's the closest thing I've had to
  a love life in a while." Then to Zak, "okay, you want to tell me why my having
  slept with Will is so all fire important." 
 Zak pulled away from William, letting his most, beloved, husband redress
  quickly. "I have a blood tie with both of you." He spoke slowly trying to make
  sure that the words he chose would explain the problem. "Now it would not have
  mattered if I didn't also have a bond with William. He and I are linked by
  blood, me to him by feeding, him to me by his acceptance of my blood." He sighed. "The
  two of you have a link. One of both love and passion, so it calls out through
  the tie you have with me. I am sorry Milady, had I known I would have warned
  you of this before doing anything." 
 Robyn sat on the bed, a look of shocked dismay on her face. "Are you telling
  me that because you bit me, from here on, every time the two of you go to make
  like bunnies, I get to be a unwilling partner to it all?" 
 "Unfortunately." Zak looked down. "I am sorry Robyn, please believe me." 
 She bounced back up. "Great, just fucking great. Thanks guys, this is just
  what I needed." Several more choice words came out, mostly dealing with what
  the two of them could do to and with themselves, unfortunately for the most
  part the suggestions were also anatomically impossible. "Okay." She tried calming
  down, to think this through. "So is there anything we can do about this. I
  mean, what are the options?" 
 "If we leave, you might feel less through the tie. But other than that." he
  shrugged. 
 "Great, oh ga'damn but this is just my luck." She headed for the door. "Well
  I guess I need to invest in Energizer stock, because I can see a great need
  for lots of batteries in the real fuckin' near future. Thanks Will. I love
  you too." 
 William watched silently as Robyn left the room. "Oh shit." He laid a hand
  of Zak's shoulder. "I better go talk to her." 
 Zak nodded smiling sadly. "I am sorry love. I honestly did not know. Nor
  would I have read, either of, you without your permission." Though the smile
  on his face was gentle, it did not touch his eyes, and the pain in his voice
  came near breaking William's heart. 
 "I know Zak." He hugged him close. "Don't let it get to you, we'll work
  something out. Maybe she can join us, that way it won't be so bad." 
 "Yes, tell her, she is welcome if it will help. I will cherish her as dearly
  as I cherish you." He caught his hand. "I love you." The words were a desperate
  plea for understanding. 
 William bent and kissed him softly. "I know Zak. I love you too, always.
  Wait this isn't the end of the world. I promise, I'll fix it." 
 Robyn looked up as he came into the room. Tears streaked her cheeks. "I'm
  not overly happy right now. You're not my favorite person in the whole world
  at this moment." Were her only words, but the hurt in her voice was like a
  knife in his gut to him. He had not meant to hurt her like this he would never
  hurt her. 
 "No Hon, I don't guess I would be." He sat beside her. "Zak feels just awful
  about this." 
 "My heart bleeds." She pulled her ten pounds of hair back out of the way. "Damnit,
  Will, now what am I supposed to do?" 
 "Well, you can always join us." His tone was, half, hopeful, as he looked
  at her. "I mean you would have anyway, sooner or later. So why not now?" 
 Robyn looked at him, surely she didn't hear right. "Say what?" 
 "Come downstairs and join us." He put an arm around her. "I know it's been
  a while for you." 
 "Just like that?" Her jaw was lax with shock. "Will, I'm still coming to
  terms with him being a vampire. Now you want to make it a threesome?" 
 "Well," he brushed the tears from her cheeks. "Look at it like this. It's
  a threesome no matter how you see it. Least this way you get something out
  of it. I always thought you were strictly a participant. I never saw you as
  a spectator." 
 She sat there looking down at her hands. William had a point, and what had
  she said to her brother earlier about getting laid in the bargain. It just
  never entered her head that it would end up the way it did. "You sure, Will?
  I mean we've shared a lot of things over the years, but this goes a little
  to the extreme." 
 "Baby, this is me you're talking to. When have I ever been the least bit
  reluctant to crawl into bed with you? Hell girl, we were each other's first.
  I love you, you are my best friend and bosom buddy, pardon the pun. I love
  Zak, more than I could ever tell you. So for me, having the two people I love
  more than anything else in the world, with me at the same time." He smiled
  winking. "Twist my arm." 
 "Pervert." She punched him lightly. "Okay, yeah, what the hell, he is prettier
  than sin isn't he. But he's got to come upstairs. That little bed won't hold
  all three of us without serious crowding and I've got damaged parts to consider." 
 William hugged her. "We won't hurt you baby. Zak's very good about being
  careful. He's so fucking strong that he has to be." He tilted her chin up,
  kissing her. "You should have called me sooner. I'd have come over and made
  you purr." 
 She lay in his arms for a moment, enjoying the pleasantness of his kisses. "Well,
  maybe you should go get him." Then she stopped. "No, I guess I need to be the
  one. After all I did just cuss him out, didn't I?" She pulled away standing
  up. "Be back in a minute." 
 * Zak  , *  William sent
  softly. * Robyn is on her way down to invite you up  .
  *  
 * Yes, I hear her  . *  A
  brief mental hug, before, breaking. 
 Robyn knocked on the door before opening it. "Zak?" 
 "Please come in." He rose standing. "So Milady, what is the verdict? Do
  I live?" 
 She giggled at the half hopeful, half-hangdog look on his face. "Will and
  I talked," she blushed. "And well, if I'm going to be a third party whether
  I am physically present or not, I might as well get something out of it after
  all." She didn't flinch or pull back as Zak moved to pull her close. "Just
  remember, I don't hurt, but I've had quite a bit of damage done to me. You
  guys have got to be careful." 
 Zak smiled down at her softly, reaching to run his fingers through her hair. "Of
  that you can be assured pretty one. I would rather die than hurt you." Robyn
  felt as if she could loose herself in his eyes, so dark blue as to almost be
  purple. "I offer only pleasure." Goosebumps, at, his whisper, "never pain." 
 'Oh, ga'damn'  , she thought to herself as his lips
  met hers. 'Oh, Ga'Damn'  , it had been so long. Her loneliness
  called out for this. Body tremblingeven as he lifted her, mouth opening, sucking
  on the tongue that sought entry. 
 Zak moved with slow sureness never breaking the kiss as he climbed the stairs.
  Her pain, her great need for closeness very painful to him. He, who understood
  that horrid feeling of pain so well, ached for her. 
 William stood at the doorway smiling as Zak and Robyn reached the landing. "Well,
  I guess that answers that, I was a little worried. It was too quiet." He pulled
  Robyn close as Zak lowered her to her feet. "He can be mighty persuasive when
  he wants to be can't her?" 
 Robyn grinned up at William. "Oh ga'damn. You should have told me about
  him months ago." 
 William just shrugged. "So, shall we retire? I have a hard on that could
  break rocks. And just think, I get both of you." But the smile on his face
  faded as Zak pulled Robyn's T-shirt from her. "Baby?" It was horrible, huge
  fist sized bruises colored her ribs and belly. He turned her, swearing softly
  as her back looked like someone had taken a meat tenderizer to it. "Oh, damn
  Robby. They really got you this time, didn't they?" 
 "I'll live, a few bruises, a little muscle damage, but no broke bones. They
  made sure of it. Said that that was for the next time." Her eyes closed as
  Zak's hands joined William's. "It could be worse, one of them had wanted to
  rape me, but was vetoed. The apparent leader has a kid my age and well, beating
  the shit out of me was one thing, but he don't take what isn't offered." She
  laughed bitterly. "A thug with morals, go figure." 
 "They are dead men." Zak's soft voice, which moments ago, had, been so loving
  was now death itself. "No man will ever touch you again my pretty one. I swear
  it. I will make them pay for this." How could anyone be this cruel? He had
  never seen anyone with this many bruises, and still alive, in his life. 
 Robyn turned going into his arms, resting there. "If it is all the same.
  I'd just as soon you made me forget about it for a while." 
 William moved, pressing against her back. "We will baby, we will." His eyes
  lifted to lock stares with Zak's. A silent agreement between them was passed,
  a male pact to defend, protect, and care for the woman in their life. For Robyn
  meant so much to him, and he knew that Zak would understand and accept her
  as much as he did. "Come on Hon, let's go to bed. You shouldn't be up." 
 Zak lifted her again, holding her close, his protective nature high. He
  would see her safe. He would end this terrible loneliness in her as he had
  William. He had two mortals now, two to love and cherish, and he swore to God
  and all that was holy that no one would ever touch either. He swore this, not,
  as long as he lived. 
 William led the way back to Robyn's bedroom and the King sized waterbed
  that she had there. Part of him, the part that loved watching Zak's response
  to new things, looked forward to his lovers' reaction to it. He had tried to
  explain waterbeds to him once, and though Zak had admitted that the concept
  was a novel idea, had not been so interested as to want to buy one. He bet
  that changed soon enough. 
 Zak laid Robyn down gently, intending to pull back to undress, but as her
  body touched the bed, and he felt it give beneath her, he pulled back surprised. "The
  bed moves." 
 "Welcome to your first water bed." William chuckled. "I bet you just love
  it." 
 Zak pressed down on the mattress. There was a gentle firmness, unlike any
  that he had felt before. A beautiful smile lit his face as he pulled away. "You
  might be right my love." He reached for him. "I have never wanted anyone, save
  my Sire, as much as I want the two of you right now. After tonight, you will
  be my husband. As surely as if we were wed, and my lovely one here," he smiled
  down at Robyn who lay watching them. "She shall be a rare and precious treasure
  that we share, as we share our love." 
 Robyn's body was as caught up in the sight before her as her heart. The
  beauty, the total simplicity of love touched her in ways she didn't believe
  she could be touched. Her heart ached with longing as she watched the, two,
  undress, touching, kissing, holding each other with almost reverence. And she
  felt honored in a way that defied definition to be part of this love. 
 There was no shyness in her as she welcomed them to the bed. Each moving
  to lie to one side her between them. Nor did she feel hesitant to return the
  kisses, one then the other, as they turned their incredibly pure love on her.
  This was what she had been looking for all her life. This made up for the pain
  and the silence that she had lived through. And she promised herself, as a
  hand worked to unfasten her jeans, and another joined it to pull them from
  her. Leaving her as naked as her bedmates. That she would do everything in
  her power to keep it. 
 Zak's attentions went immediately to the small rings that hung from each
  nipple. "What are these, I have never seen a woman with them." He lifted one
  pleased to see it move freely. 
 "Sure you have, remember, the magazine. I explained the pluses of piercing
  and sex to you." William's hand took his and moved it down Robyn's body. "This
  one is my favorite." 
 A look of confusion fell onto Zak's face. "What?" Fingers parting gently, "please,
  precious, open your legs for me, let me see." He moved so that he could view
  what he felt. Robyn's legs parted as his laughter echoed through the room. "Oh
  my." The ring passed vertically through her clitoral hood. "It is--" The whole
  thought, the idea, the presentation was so lovely. The tiny ball marked the
  center. "It's delightful." His voice was absolutely charmed. His new love was
  so full of surprises. It was then that he noticed the tattoo on the inner part
  of her thigh. "'Slippery When Wet'." He looked up at her shaking his head.
  Knowing this one would promise to be interesting 
 He bent, lips pressing against the lovely sight, kissing the beautifully
  exposed flesh, pleased with the gasp that sounded from above as he slowly draw
  the ring into his mouth, tongue playing with it and the rosy knob beneath. 
 "Oh Ga'Damn." Robyn reached for William, mouth hot on his as a pleasant
  vibration began to radiate from the nerve endings that Zak's mouth teased.
  She had to give the guy credit. He definitely knew how to get a girl's attention. 
 "Open your legs for me Robyn, allow me this." Zak moved, to, lie between
  her legs, mouth seeking to taste the beauty that she offered him. William had
  explained the practical purposes behind a piercing such as this, and now, he
  wanted to see if his lovers' words were true. 
 She cried out as his head dipped again, and the mouth that was so cool,
  cooler than any that she had ever felt zeroed in on the very point of her core.
  Pulling, pushing, stroking her with such sureness, such ease that she began
  to believe that this man had been doing this for far longer than his looks
  implied. "Will," she moaned. 
 "Ssshh, relax baby. You let us take care of you." William kissed her deep,
  drawing her tongue into his mouth, sucking, it, holding on to it as she cried
  against his lips. She was such a vocal creature, so honest in her pleasure.
  It was always part of the pleasure he felt those times he held her, hearing
  how much she enjoyed herself. 
 Robyn lay holding William, moaning against his lips as Zak made love to
  her with his mouth. Tongue thrust hard against her, a flicking motion so fast
  and hard as it threatened to drive her to madness, even as it brought her to
  points of pleasure that had never been hers before. 
 She screamed lustfully as his fingers joined the play, moving to fill her,
  adding fullness to the pleasure. "No--oh God--Will--" She jerked as the heat
  flooded her. "Now--make him--I-- NOW  !" 
 Zak chuckled, holding her hips down, even as they tried to rise, tried to
  press against his mouth and hands. Her pleasure was so pure, so like it had
  been with William. "Do you need me sweet?" 
 "Oh, please--Oh Ga'Damn--Please--" Need him, if he didn't do something right
  now, she was sure she'd die. It had been too long, so many lonely nights, that
  now. 
 Zak moved slowly, pressing his body against her, careful to hold his weight
  up, never daring to push down. The marks on her body warned him of the danger
  of causing her harm. "Let me make love to you precious, my beautiful blue bird." His
  lips were soft, loving, and compelling as she sobbed an assent. "Love?" He
  reached for William as their lips broke. "Beloved, will you make love to me,
  as I do her?" He saw the want, the love in his husbands' eyes, but he also
  saw concern as William looked down at Robyn. "I will protect her, hold our
  weight from her body. Never fear dearest, she will know only pleasure, and
  safely will she enjoy it. Please, I must have you. Take me. Love me as I love
  her. Allow me the supreme joy of having you both." 
 "Go on," William was crying tears of love and joy. "Twist my arm." He reached
  for Robyn's nightstand, where he knew she kept her bed toys, for the drawer
  that would hold them. "On one condition. I'm next. I've been thinking about
  this all damn night, and I want to." He pulled out a tube of lubricant. Moving
  to kneel behind him. "I love you." He bit at Zak's ear. "I know I keep saying
  it, but I can't help it." 
 "I don't mind I like to hear it. I've wanted to hear it for so long." His
  head turned, mouth against William's. "Do you know what to do, love?" 
 "Yeah, Robyn and I have done this, relax baby, I won't hurt you." He almost
  found his words, funny. Zak had been telling them to him for years, and now--
  it was his turn. 
 Zak's movements were slow as he pressed down, filling the child beneath
  him. It would be hard for him, to control his passions. He wanted nothing more
  than to drown himself in her, loose thought in the pleasure of her arms. But
  for now, care was needed. He would have to press himself to the extreme to
  remain in control, ever careful. "Ssshh," his lips against hers. "I am not
  hurting you am I? Tell me my love, is, there any pain?" His breath caught in
  his chest as suddenly he felt William's fingers, pressing down gently to thrust,
  filling him, promising ease of entry. 
 "No," Robyn sighed. It felt so, good, him inside her, and the look on his
  face as, he, too felt his lover enter him was so pretty. "You aren't hurting
  me Zak, you won't hurt me. I believe you, I trust you." And she did. Again
  that instinct that had taken her so far rose. Allowing her to surrender to
  this completely. No fear, no holding back, her shyness and loneliness gone
  with the first slow thrust. "Now, please Zak, I want you to do it--now." 
 No more words were needed as Zak gave himself to this. Moving to fill her
  even as William's love filled him. Locking him between two exquisite pleasures.
  To fill one with his love even as another filled him. Life had turned its favor
  on him. And he gave in to it. His voice joining the two voices of his lovers
  as they paid tribute to their love. 
 William almost passed out when Zak's rectal muscles contracted on him. Tight,
  Jesus it's so tight. Movement was impossible, all he could do was hold his
  lover and lose himself in the pressure as the muscles continued to pull him. 
 Thought was gone; the world no longer existed, as Robyn's body gave into
  the sweetest ecstasy that any human could possibly feel. Again and again the
  pleasure rose and crested with the thrusting hardness that brought the joy.
  She couldn't speak, couldn't move. Time was at a stand still. There was this
  and only this. And as fangs pressed against her throat, adding the final layer
  of sensory assault, she cried out once, and then the overload took her consciousness. 
 Zak felt her go, and the knowledge that he had given his lover the ultimate
  pleasure triggered his own release, even as he fought to prolong it. William's
  ending moans echoing his as they both reached their points of crisis together.
  Bonding again, but this time in a simple physical tie, and enjoying the simplicity
  of it. 
* * * 
 A cool wet cloth against her cheeks brought Robyn back to her senses. "What?" Her
  body still throbbed pleasantly as her eyes opened. "Hi." She smiled up at William. 
 "Welcome back. You had us worried there for a minute." He bent and kissed
  her. 
 She grinned. "That was--" even her usual exclamation just couldn't adequately
  do justice to how she felt. 
 "Yeah, I know." He helped her to sit up. "I think I'm bruised. There at
  the end, when he got so lost in you, his muscles tried to take part of me off." He
  laughed. "I've heard of people being able to suck start a Harley under ten
  foot of water, but I never thought it was done quite the way he did it." 
 "Speaking of him, where's Zak?" She looked around the room. 
 "In the kitchen. He's gone to get you something to drink, and a bite to
  eat. Say's you'll need it." He hugged her. "He also wanted to give you a minute,
  he felt that he might have frightened you." He lifted her chin. "Did he?" 
 Robyn kissed him. "No." There was calmness to her voice that William hadn't
  heard in a while. "To be honest with you, Will. I'm more at ease with him than
  I've ever been with anyone else, other than you. He try's so hard to take away
  from what he is. To make you see past it." She snuggled close. "Thank you." 
 "I'm glad you think that." He moaned at the nails that scratched lightly
  up his inner thigh. "If you don't stop that right now, this conversation will
  have to be put on hold." 
 "That's okay." She turned pushing him back. "I'm not much in the mood for
  conversation right now, anyway." She was amazed at how horny she was. After
  what Zak had done, she should be nothing more than, a, wet spot on the bed,
  but right now she wanted nothing more than to ball herself silly. 
 "Damnit girl." William was shocked by her aggression. Robyn had always been
  a fun partner, but never an overly assertive one in bed. So great was the change
  in her personality that he wasn't sure to be worried or not. "Slow down, baby." 
 "Why?" She looked up. "It's been so long William, and now." She just didn't
  know how to explain how she felt. 
 "It's me." Zak stood in the doorway, a tray in his hands. "She is very receptive,
  gifted even. Remember love, my kind feel so much more strongly than mortals
  do. She is picking up my desires and they are, of course, affecting her." He
  sat beside them. "Eat first, precious. I have drunk from you twice tonight.
  You need fluids and food. It's early still; we have all night to explore how
  greatly my feelings affect you. But first you must eat." 
 Robyn looked down at the tray. "An omelet?" You want to tell me why a vampire
  knows how to cook?" 
 Zak grinned. "I was a bachelor, how else was I to eat." He chuckled at the
  stunned look on her face. "I require blood to live, and food does nothing for
  me, save on a purely sensory level. I still am addicted to the taste and texture
  of food. From what my Sire had said, many of the Vampyr are." 
 "So what do you do with the food you eat?" It was too much, a vampire gourmet. 
 "I have to rid myself of it, of course. And I do that the same way any mortal
  would if they wanted to get rid of the things in their stomach. Fluids can
  pass through my system, they might not do me any good, but they can be absorbed
  and broken down, the solids, well I will not ruin your meal with the full explanation
  of their disposal, just take my word for it. Now eat. No more playing till
  you clean your plate." 
 Robyn took a tentative bite. "Ga'damn, but you're just full of surprises
  aren't you?" It was good. The vampire could really cook. "Hey, this is great.
  Boy I'm glad I hired you on. Body guard, fuck buddy and cook this really is,
  a match made in heaven." 
 Zak pulled William close. "Eat girl." And he joined his husband in laughter
  as she made funny faces at him. 
CHAPTER 7  
 It was late, almost dawn when Zak left them. They had blended well, and
  the promise of continued progressed warmed his heart. William had been the
  love that he knew he was, giving and taking freely, never once holding back.
  And when he had made love to him, oh the finality of their connections had
  left them both clinging to each other in tears afterwards. And Robyn, she had
  fit in so well, willing to join them in each joining, giving so much and asking
  for nothing in return but to be welcomed. It would only be a matter of time
  before he would offer her the same bond as he shared with William, and then
  his life would have completeness. Even if, he were unable to win the acceptance
  of his Kin, he would still have, love. 
 'I wonder if I will hear the call again tonight'  .
  The thought nagged at him. If it came, would he be able to respond this time.
  Did he dare, or even more to the point, did he dare not. He knew that they
  might not welcome him, but he had to know. If there was even a chance to be
  reunited with those of his own kind. Perhaps even with those of his, own, Line.
  He swore to himself that if the call came tonight, he would be ready for it,
  and he would try to answer it. 
 His wait wasn't long. He had no sooner reached a quiet state of slumber,
  mind seeking outward as his body rested, than again, the sweet pull, the call
  that tugged at him so. * Welcome  ,  *
  it called. * Join us, one and all. Be with us, safety, a Covenstead,
  for Kin. *   He his breath, hoping for the promise that he had
  heard the day before..  *  Safe haven for
  all, Line and orphan, young blood and old  . * Over and over
  the call came. Beckoning and promising, a single shining hope where for so
  long there had been none. 
 * Help     me  !
      *  His soul cried out with his thoughts as they sang out into
      the darkness. * Hear me, please  .
      *  Oh, please someone answer me. He prayed. 
 * Who  ? *  Another, mind,
  one that responded. * Who are you name your Sire  .
  * 
 * Gabriel, my name is Gabriel. My Sire was Thorne, his before
        him was Azrael, and before him Osiris. Please, can you help me  ?
        *  His whole body waited, aching for an answer, for an end
        to the alienation that had been his for so long. 
 * Gabriel! Is it truly you   *   a
  flood of emotion, pain and joy. * Childe, it's Megel, do you remember
  me? You're Sire is my brother  . *  
 * Megel  , * y  es, he
  knew this one. The image of the Elder vampire rose in his mind. This was his
  Line, his family, and one that he had a right to beg help from. 
 And then, suddenly, there was another voice in his mind. * Yes
        Childe, Megel is here with you  . * 
 * Who  ? *   
 *  Relax little one, you are safe. You
        know my name, spoke it just moments ago. I am, your Grand-Sire, I am
        Azrael  . *  Love and pain flowed
        back towards Zak . *  Childe long have
        I wished to, have known about you. Only just have I been told of your
        existence. Forgive us for not hunting you out sooner. Megel looked for
        you, but could not find you. We thought you dead  .
        *   
 * Grand-Sire, Uncle *  the unbearable, pain
  the unbelievable joy, in his mind. They found him, wanted him. The loneliness
  would end. * Thorne, he made me hide. Promised to return as soon
  as the danger was over. Then, I knew he was dead, I felt him die. For so long
  I didn't know myself, I, hid in fear, I am Rogue  .
  *  The cry of pain and despair was brutal, the fear and loneliness
  pouring from him with his thoughts. 
 * No. *   Both voices in his mind, * we
        know where you are now, Childe, sleep safe. You're seclusion is over.
        At sunset tomorrow, I will come for you. You are my Childe's First-Born.
        My lair, my protection and my love are yours. Never again will you be
        forced to live alone. Sleep for now, my precious Grand-Childe. When you
        wake on the morrow, I will be with you  . *   A
        gentle power flowed over him, calming him. Forcing a relaxed state to
        over take him, leading him down safely into his dreams. * Sleep
        for now, no more pain  . *   And
        his mind turned inward towards slumber, even as the call broke away. 
 Azrael held Michael as he cried. "Ssshh love, you heard him. Thorne sent
  him into hiding, and afterwards. Shock can mask so much. We will have him again.
  We will do all we can to help him to overcome the pain he has suffered. There
  is no blame here. You did nothing wrong." 
 "I failed him, I failed Thorne. I promised Thorne if anything ever happened
  to him, I would care for Gabriel. But I failed. The pain, oh Gods the pain
  the Childe feels. How will he ever forgive me, how can he not hate me for leaving
  him alone to suffer." His greatest fear was realized, the one that used to
  keep him up during the day. He had never found the boys body, not a trace.
  He had assumed him dead, and now. "Azrael, Sire. If the boy will forgive me,
  allow me to fulfill my sworn duty, will you allow me to make him mine? Or do
  you plan too?" 
 Azrael thought about this. It would be the easiest way of healing the boy,
  but this was not some Fledgling. This was a Vampyr grown to adulthood, there
  was no way they could force this on him, unless he wished it. "Wait love. Let
  us speak to our lost Kin first. See what he needs, and then, if a new Sire
  will ease his agony, then yes. You made an oath to your brother, I will allow
  you to fulfill it." He stroked his hair as he cried. "Rest now precious. Tomorrow
  night will be here soon enough. We will have him again, and the past will be
  put to rights." And as he had done with Gabriel, he did to Megel, pressing
  gently, easing the pain. Inducing sleep. So he lay there in the dark, holding
  his, most, precious of all children safe in his arms, as in the silence of
  his chamber, his tears of joy and of sorrow found release. 
* * * 
 Casey looked at Torin as he undressed. Selene had been with him for most
  of the evening, promising him safety, that no one would ever hurt him like
  that again. But here it was all over again. What would this one want him to
  do? How much would it hurt him? "Wh--What are you going to do?" 
 Torin crawled into bed beside him. "Don't be afraid Casey, I'm not going
  to hurt you. You're Lady might not be much in the way of the Kin, but I promise
  you. If she thought I hurt you, she's more than capable of making me pay. You've
  got to believe that. It's the only way you're going to survive here." He reached
  out, making shushing noises as he pulled the younger boy close. "Wait, let
  me show you. I promise. If I hurt you or frighten you in anyway, all you have
  to do is tell me. I will stop." 
 "Please, don't do this to me again." There was such resignation in his voice;
  such a tone of hopelessness to his plea, that Torin knew Derrik hadn't been
  the first to take this boy. 
 "Listen to me." A little firmness was just what was needed. If he could
  get him to accept that there was nothing he could do that one way or the other,
  he might as well come to terms with it, then maybe he could walk him through
  it. "Casey, it's time you listened." The boy made to say something. "No, I
  said listen." Gray eyes locked with brown. "Derrik wasn't the first man to
  hurt you was he?" A shudder was the only indication that Torin's words had
  hit close to home. "Casey, talk to me. Am I right? Someone else hurt you too
  didn't they?" 
 "Yes." Torin had to strain to hear the boy's words. "My Step-father liked
  it that way." 
 Okay now he was making some ground. "How long has he been sodomizing you?" He
  stroked his hair, pulling his head to rest on his shoulder. "Come on Casey,
  talk to me. How can I help you if you won't be honest." 
 "The last five years or so, since I was twelve." 
 Torin swore softly to himself. Poor kid, no wonder he was scared out of
  his mind. He was willing to bet that the pervert had never explained anything
  to Casey, had done nothing to teach the boy that there could be anything more
  to it than just humiliation and self-recrimination. "Did you like what he did
  at all?" 
 A shudder of self-disgust past through Casey why did, this, guy want to
  know all of this? Why didn't he just fuck him and let him get some sleep. Was
  there nothing that they would leave him in the way of dignity? "Yes." There,
  he had said it. He was like them, sick and twisted. 
 Telepathy wasn't one of Torin's strong suits, but he was very empathic.
  And the shame that Casey felt over his admission radiated from him. "It bothers
  you, that it felt good doesn't it?" The head on his shoulder turned inward,
  trying to hide from his gaze, as he nodded. "Why?" 
 "He made me gay." There was more confusion in his voice than pain, and for
  that Torin was grateful. Confusion could be dealt with. "Made me like it too
  much, and then made fun of me because I did." 
 Torin turned so he could lay the boy beneath him. "I won't make fun of you.
  None of us will." He brushed his lips against Casey's. "There is nothing to
  be ashamed of, you shouldn't feel bad because you like it. Trust me. I was
  born as straight as an arrow, but thanks to my Master, I have learned that
  as long as there is love, or at least honest caring, in the actions, that nothing
  two people did to bring pleasure to the other was bad. Love is so hard to come
  by these days, so many people live all their life looking for it and never
  finding it. You step-dad was wrong. Not because he liked boys or that he liked
  sex with guys. He was wrong because he took you too soon, and then didn't even
  let you accept who you were." Again a soft kiss, only this time he didn't pull
  away at once, but rather continued the kiss for a few seconds longer, just
  enough to begin to draw a response. 
 Casey's world was so out of focus, things were so confusing, that the simple
  kindness of Torin's kiss warmed his heart. "You're not going to hurt me like
  he did, I mean the other vampire?" He swallowed back a lump, continuing before
  Torin had a chance to respond. "I mean if all you want to do is fuck me, I'm
  okay with that. Just don't hurt me again. I was good, I did like he said." 
 "Casey" again the kiss teeth nibbling gently on his, lower, lip. Before
  closing on his mouth, tongue seeking entry. "No one is ever going to hurt you
  like that again. I promise. I will show you all you need to know to make life
  easier on you. You would rather smile, wouldn't you? If your life here could
  be one that was pleasant, would that make you happy?" 
 This time when Torin kissed him, he reached up with one hand to hold his
  head to him as the other wrapped around his waist. This felt nice. He wasn't
  laughing at him, or calling him names. And after all the abuse he had suffered,
  this was a pleasant change. "Is this what you want?" Casey was so timid so
  hopeful. 
 Torin grinned down at him. "Yeah, this is nice. We can be friends if you'd
  like. My name is Torin, but everyone calls me Tori. Azrael gave me that name.
  It made it easier for me, to separate myself from my past life. Maybe you should
  ask Selene if she would give you one as well." Another, kiss this one less
  timid, responding to Casey's acceptance to the first four. "And Casey," he
  pulled up so he could focus on the boys face. "You're step-father didn't make
  you gay. Just because you liked what he did, doesn't mean you're solely homosexual.
  I bet when Selene takes you to bed with her that you're going to be thrilled
  to find out that you work just fine with girls. Humans are by nature, Bi-sexual.
  As I said, I grew up straight as a ruler, never once thought about guys, ever.
  Then I met my Master, and well, there is not a happier man alive right now." 
 "What are you going to do?" The fear was still there, but it didn't overwhelm
  Torin like it had earlier. He was getting through to the boy. 
 Torin adjusted himself so that he lay on his side looking down at Casey. "Will
  you answer a question for me?" He made a shushing noise as his right hand moved
  over Casey's chest. "Tell me what you are used to. Not with Derrik, that, doesn't,
  count, but what did your step-dad usually do?" 
 Casey closed his eyes. "Please, I don't want to talk about it." 
 Torin shushed him. "Casey, I want to be your friend. I don't want to have
  to hurt you, or have you punished. But you have got to answer my questions
  for now. You don't have to get graphic or anything, just tell me what he did,
  what part of it did you like, what part didn't you like. Start at the, beginning
  tell me how it started. Tell me when it began to be enjoyable, everything.
  Let me help you." He brushed the tears away. "Here, hold my hand. I'll be with
  you each step of the way." 
 Casey closed his eyes. "My dad died when I was about eight. Mom re-married
  just before my tenth birthday, she couldn't cope without a man. At first Tom
  was really cool, he'd take me to foot ball games, fishing, he called it man
  time." He stopped fighting back the break down he knew was coming. "I loved
  him. He was so good to me, and I had missed my father so much." 
 "Take it easy Casey. Take your time, we have all day." The fact that, Casey's
  stepfather, had, molested him was not near as appalling to Torin as his abuse
  of his trust. 
 "Thank you." He looked up at Torin. "Can I have something to drink?" 
 Torin reached for the pitcher that Selene had left on the nightstand, and
  filled the glass. "Sit up for a second." He helped him to drink the water;
  his hands were shaking so badly that he couldn't have held the glass without
  Torin's help. "Now, go on. Tell me about it." 
 "Everything was cool, till my mom started to work nights." Another, sip, "I
  guess I was almost thirteen when he first did it. Mom had been working nights
  for about two months by then, and Tom was feeling lonely. So he came into my
  room, to talk, he said. Told me how he felt, and how much a man needs certain
  things." The self-loathing he felt was almost as painful to Torin as it was
  to him. "I was a kid, I thought he was treating me like his friend, his buddy.
  I felt so big because he had confided in me. I was stupid. I should have figured
  it out. But no, I listened, and agreed with him, that mom shouldn't be neglecting
  him like that." He lost control for a minute, fighting not to cry. Torin pulled
  him close, trying to offer some comfort. "He stood up, and." His shoulder shook
  as he buried his face in his hands. "He pulled his cock out, and asked me if
  I would blow him. Said he needed something, or he was gonna leave us." 
 "Did you?" 
 "Not at first, I got scared. I didn't know anything, so I tried to talk
  him out of it. I was just a kid. But all he did was slap me, and tell me that
  he'd helped to keep a house over my head, and food on the table. Been good
  to mom, me and my sister, and unless I wanted to see everything I had yanked
  away, I'd best learn to take up my mothers slack." There was such pain, so
  much betrayal in his words. "Tom had never hit me before, never needed to.
  I was a good kid. But he did then, slapped me around a few times, and threatened
  to take his belt and beat me if I didn't do what I was told. Made me take my
  clothes off, and then--I hadn't never done nothing, how was I supposed to know
  what to do. But he made me get on my knees in front of him, and blow him. I
  had never been so afraid and sick in my life. Thing's like that weren't supposed
  to happen to good kids." 
 Torin held him, rocking slowly as he cried. Thanking, the Gods that his
  first experience with this had come when he was grown up, and was introduced
  to him by people, who cared, who had wanted only to share joy, not to use him. "It's
  over Casey. Your stepfather will never touch you again." 
 "Afterwards, he--he made me lay back and he did me. Telling me that it was
  okay, just a little fun between the guys. But if I told on him, he was going
  to deny it, and I would be sent away. That there were places for boys like
  me, who weren't good, who didn't know when to keep their mouths shut and be
  happy for what they had. I was just some kid and he was an adult. They would
  never believe me." He looked up at Torin. "You believe me don't you?" 
 "Of course I do. Hey, I'm your friend, I'll believe anything you tell me,
  unless it's proven to be a lie." 
 "Well, it went on like this for almost a year. Got to the point that it
  really didn't bother me anymore. Hell, I Kind of got to, liking, it. I mean
  shit, it was just a blowjob, and he always did me too. But Mom's job kept taking
  more and more of her time, and Tom and I spent almost all ours alone. I guess
  he got tired of just blowjobs, cause one night he told me as we were laying
  in bed, that I was old enough to really have sex, and he was going to teach
  me how." He had to stop for a minute. Memories were so painful to him. "He
  said he was going to teach me how a man did it with another man. And I should
  be grateful that he thought me man enough to do it." 
 "You weren't a man Casey, you were a boy. He should have never touched you." Torin
  was beginning to worry. If Casey's stepfather had broke him so much, he might
  never go into anything without Selene making him. 
 "He made me bend over the bed. Told me that men liked it differently with
  each other, than with women. You don't hit girls, he said. They didn't need
  it to get going nature had made then so that they were always ready. But guys
  needed a little pushing. So he went and got a couple of ties and a rag, tied
  my arms behind by back and gagged me so I couldn't wake my kid sister if I
  screamed. Then he." He broke again, seeking the comfort that Torin offered. "He
  beat me. I mean really beat me. It hurt; it was the first time I had ever been
  beat. My folks never believed in spankings so this was it, the first time anyone
  had ever taken a belt to me. I cried, I screamed, I tried to beg him to stop,
  but he kept it up. Then he--he, said he needed to get some Vaseline. Said that
  he couldn't do it right without it." 
 "You don't have to tell me anymore about it, he raped you didn't he?" 
 "Yes, three times that night. It hurt so, bad, that I passed out. He called
  me a pussy, said I wasn't a man if I couldn't take it. Said he was going to
  make a man out of me. He wasn't going to have no girlie boy for a son, and
  I had best learn to be a man." 
 Torin wondered to himself as Casey cried, if Azrael would allow him to make
  a visit to see this jackass. See how much of a man he really was. 
 "Afterwards he told me not to tell anyone what I had done with him. That
  if I did he really would send me away, and he would turn to my sister Emily,
  she was ten. Said girls mature faster than boys do and she was almost old enough
  to have her period. So he wouldn't, be, without. So I kept my mouth shut, and
  let him fuck me every night. Would come in as I was going to bed, and we'd
  blow each other, then he'd tie me up, beat me and fuck me. Got to the point
  that I liked it." 
 "So what made you run away?" After five years of being used like this, what
  could the man have done to push him over? 
 "I--I started looking a guys. I couldn't help it. I mean I like girls and
  all, really man, but guys turned me on too. Tom found a gay magazine that I
  had, and hit the roof. He wasn't having, no, faggot in his house. He was a
  man, and I had better be too. He began to really fuck me up, like the other
  one did. And he would stand there sneering at me asking me if I liked it, telling
  me I did," another, loss, of composure. "So I ran away. Emily is almost fifteen
  now, and she's a bright girl. He won't get away with the shit he did to me.
  She's not just some kid who doesn't know any better." 
 "I think we made a mistake on you. You never belonged downstairs. I'll let
  Azrael know about this tomorrow, we'll make sure Selene gives you all the help
  you need." He pushed, him, backwards laying him down. "But for now, it's late,
  you're scared, and I need to prove something to you. Will you let me? I don't
  want a fight, so will you let me do this?" 
 Casey shrugged. "Don't guess it matters does it." But his eyes told a different
  story. "Want me to roll over, or should I blow you first?" 
 Torin grinned down at him. "Well actually, I was going to let you do the
  honors. But for now, I just want you to lay here and let me love you. Could
  you do that? Let me show you that it doesn't have to hurt. That when two men
  love each other, it's beautiful?" 
 Casey looked up at him, wanting to believe so much. "It won't hurt?" Did
  he dare hope, could Torin really be telling the truth? 
 "Tell you what, you can do to me anything I do to you. So if I hurt you,
  you can hurt me too, all right?" 
 Casey nodded. Torin had been so nice to him so far. Hadn't done anything
  like what his step-dad or the other vampire had done. What the hell, if he
  was going to have to do this anyway, might as well enjoy it? And he knew he
  would. Torin was so like the guys at school that he had thought were so good
  looking. 
 "Tell me if I go too fast for you. If you have a question, ask it. I promised
  your lady that I would take care of you, and so I will." All Torin had to do
  was get him to relax. He felt confident that if he could ever get the boy to
  let down his guard, that the two of them would hit it off. Between Azrael,
  Michael, David, Joey, Jason and Mark, he knew what to do. 
 Casey sighed as Torin kissed him. It was so light as to almost be teasing.
  Nothing aggressive, nothing harsh, just light, soft, kisses that made him want
  to wrap his arms around him and hide. And as Torin's mouth moved over his neck,
  licking and biting playfully. He realized that, yes he did want this, and no
  Torin would; not, hurt him. There was no way that anyone who would go to the
  trouble his new friend had gone to, to put him at ease, would throw it all
  away just to fuck him over. 
 "Want to know a secret?" Torin whispered softly in his ear. "You're the
  last person I'm making love to as a mortal. Tomorrow night, my Master is making
  me his Fledgling." He lifted up to smile down at him. "So after tonight, it
  you still want to spend time with me you can, and you don't have to worry about
  me biting your neck. It would make me sick. Fledglings during their first year
  can't drink from anyone but their Sire. Just thought you'd like to know that." 
 Casey looked up at him with wide eyes. It was his last night as a human,
  and he was willing to spend it with him. He didn't understand why Torin would
  do that. "Why?" 
 "Why what? Why did I think you needed to know that? So you knew that there
  was at least one of the vampires in the house that you didn't have to worry
  about." 
 "No, why are you here. If this is your last night, why aren't you with the
  others, your friends?" 
 "Because, they are my friends. They understand what living here means and
  me. You didn't, you needed me. Besides, after we're finished and I chain you
  for the night, I'm going to take the car and go spend the rest of the day enjoying
  the sun one last time." His mouth closed on Casey's. "You taste so good." The
  soft whisper between kisses. "I bet your lady ends up adoring you." 
 Casey felt himself harden as Torin's mouth began to move over his chest.
  Why couldn't it have been Torin that he was given to? Selene seemed to be nice
  enough for a vampire, but if they had given him a choice, he'd have chosen
  Torin. 'Oh well, maybe she'll let me spend time with him'.  His
  sighs and moans sounded out softly through the room. This was so nice, so warm.
  His stepfather had never made him feel like this. 
 Torin moved to lay over him. "How are we doing up here?" Again his wonderful
  kisses. 
 "Great." He blushed. "I didn't know it was like this." 
 "No, I guess if all you ever got were blowjobs and beatings before he fucked
  you, you wouldn't would you. See that's the difference between what he did
  and what we are doing. He used you, fucked you so he felt better. Me I'm sharing
  this with you, we're making love." He slowly ground his hips against Casey's.
  Feeling the boy under him respond. Maybe he had been worried about nothing.
  If all it, took, was a gentle hand to make him respond then Casey would do
  just fine here. He couldn't imagine anyone in the household, other than maybe
  Derrik who would hurt him. And Derrik wasn't a problem any more. 
 Casey had known when he ran away, that there had to be a better way of living,
  than what he had lived through for the past five years. But nothing had prepared
  him for his life now. But as he felt Torin's mouth and hands explore his body,
  and he thought over how he had been treated here tonight. He decided that being
  owned by one of them, when it was personal wasn't so bad. 
 Torin felt bad for the kid as he began to make love to him in earnest. His
  old man had really fucked him up. The one thing the kid didn't know, and Torin
  swore that he'd never learn it from him. Was that he had been, up to just a
  few hours ago, HIV positive. Not full blow Aids yet, but heading that way.
  To be seventeen, have almost half your childhood stolen from you, and dying.
  No, the kid deserved any kindness that the Kin in this house offered. 
 "No." Casey sighed as Torin began to blow him. "Torin, wait." 
 His head lifted. "What is it Casey? I'm not hurting you am I?" 
 "No." He blushed. "I--I just thought that if you wanted, you could turn
  around." He looked anywhere but in Torin's eyes. "That is, if you want to." 
 Torin grinned. "Want to, kid, I live for times like this. You want to share
  it with me, far be if from me to turn you down." He moved, twisting around
  so that they lay head to groin beside each other. "You don't have to do anything
  Casey, I'm not asking. I know how scared you are. But if you want to join in,
  I would love it." 
 Casey refused to break down into tears again as Torin's mouth found him.
  It felt wonderful, with none of the old guilty feeling he used to have when
  Tom had done it. This wasn't his mother's husband. And he wasn't making him
  do anything he didn't want to do. Torin was his friend now, said so himself.
  Maybe, with as much as people around here played around, they'd let him continue
  to be his friend. He'd never had a boyfriend before. 
 Torin moaned softly as Casey's mouth began to tease him. No the boy wasn't
  shy. Selene would find comfort in this one. Both too shy to be any danger to
  the other. He would love to get Casey between Joey and him. The things the
  two of them could show this kid. The very thought added hardness to his manhood
  as the mouth on it brought such pleasure. 
 Casey trembled with feelings almost foreign to him. Never once had Torin's
  touch turned hard, the mouth that held him was wonderful. Pleasure that had
  once been so shameful was now wonderful. And as he let the feelings overwhelm
  him, driving him to a blissful ending, even as he received his partners' release,
  swallowing it with joy, he knew this was what he wanted. 
 They met each other half way, arms reaching to pull the other close, even
  as mouths met. Happiness that had, for so long, eluded Casey now dared tease
  him with its promise. "Now." He held Torin, pulling him back as he lay against
  the bed, holding him to him. "Please, now." 
 Torin laughed looking down at him. "That's usually my line. You sure you
  want this Casey? If you want, I'd be just as happy on the receiving end. Have
  you ever made love to anyone?" 
 Tear bright eyes looked at him shyly, as Casey shook his head no. "You want
  me to do you?" 
 "No, baby." Torin cupped his face in his hands, kissing first one cheek
  then the other before capturing his mouth. "I don't want you to do me, I want
  you to love me. Can you do that?" Again, hands that brought no pain, only pleasure
  began to touch him, his arms, his, chest pinching nipples gently, before moving
  to caress him again. "Make love to me Casey." Torin's voice was the softest
  of whisper. 
 Casey dared a brief moment of aggression as he twisted, pinning Torin beneath
  him. He wanted this. Wanted him to make love to him. Make love, what a concept.
  After all he had been through, could he? Could he make love to anyone? Did
  he even know how? "Help me." His voice was tight as for the first time in his
  life; he was the one in the lead. 
 "Ssshh, hang on baby. Torin lifted up, reaching for the nightstand, and
  the jar he had left there. "I will, don't cry, please. I hate to see you cry,
  there's no need." 
 Casey moaned as Torin's fingers found him again, stroking softly as he spread
  the cream over his erection. "I--I don't know what to do. What if I hurt you?" There
  was pain and fear in his voice. Pain at his ignorance, and fear at what he
  might do in it. 
 Torin laughed hugging him. "Hurt me, kid that is the last thing I'm worried
  about. You haven't got a mean bone in your body. A hard one yeah" Torin squeezed
  him tight, "but a mean one never. Don't, worry, about it, just enjoy. Now,
  give me your hand." He dipped two of Casey's fingers into the jar. "Do you
  know what to do?" The boy nodded. Yes, he knew what to do with this he had
  had it done to him. "Make love to me Casey, you have no idea how much I want
  you too." Torin turned, resting on his knees, opening himself to his bedmate. 
 Casey's fingers were trembling so badly that he had trouble finding Torin's
  rectal opening. But as he slipped one, then two fingers in, he felt a little
  calmer. Torin wasn't protesting, if anything, the moan that echoed through
  the room, as he thrust shyly, was encouraging. He hadn't had to hurt him to
  do this. Never once had either of them been forced to cause the other pain.
  Hope flared in his heart. 
 'Oh God'  ! Casey's mind went blank with the first
  feelings of entry. It was so tight, so hot; nothing could compare to this.
  And as Torin lifted up, pressing his back against Casey's chest, the feeling
  of tightness increased. And for a moment he felt for sure that he was going
  to die. 
 All restraint was gone, as fear and concern became a thing of the past.
  The wonderful feelings that rose as he moved thrusting, feeding his passions
  into the man in his arms, rose to take him. 
 Torin's cries sounded out through the room, drowning Casey's in their honest
  tribute to the pleasure he felt. "Harder." He moaned, turning his head, reaching
  for Casey's lips. "Harder, baby. Don't be afraid, you won't hurt me." The kiss
  was almost brutal in its openness. "Give me your hand." 
 It made sense to Casey as he began to stroke Torin in rhythm with his thrust.
  He should have thought of doing this himself, but Tom never did. But then Tom
  liked to hurt him. But there would be no more pain, ever, again would he have
  to suffer for his pleasure. And as Torin pressed down, rocking against him
  with each movement he learned, that force and pain need not go hand in hand. 
 This time when he came, he almost passed out.
  He, was, light headed and giddy. Too much, too soon, he figured as he felt
  the wetness of Torin's cum run down his fingers, and heard the climatic cries
  from him. Maybe later, he would do this again, but for now. 
 Torin turned, catching him as he fell back, pulling
  free. "Casey?" His power reached, sought to make certain that there was no
  wrong here. "Poor baby." He chuckled. "It's okay, you're weak that's all." 
 "Yeah," he smiled up at Torin. "I feel it." 
 "So, did I prove my point? If not, we'll have to wait until you're better
  to try again. I don't think you have enough energy to pull this off again tonight." He
  gathered his friend close. "Rest for a minute Casey, let me go get a cloth
  to clean you up." He bent and kissed him gently before pulling away. 
 Casey watched him move across the room, to the small bathroom in the corner.
  He was so tired now. Who would have thought that sex would have taken so much
  out of him? He felt bad, he didn't like to think that he was going to be one
  of those guys that once he was done, rolled over and went right to sleep. 
 Torin washed him gently, amused that as wore out as the boy was, parts of
  his body seemed to have a mind of their own. "Behave." He bent and kissed the
  tip of Casey's erection. "You're master is all tuckered out little man, you
  will just have to wait." But he didn't pull back as Casey's hips seemed to
  call him downward. "Cay?" He looked up into the sleepy smiling face of his
  new friend. "Are you going to be able to rest like this? Or should I deflate
  this little monster?" 
 "I can't Torin, I'm," he shrugged with an apologetic expression on his face. "I
  can't even move." 
 "Then don't. Lay back Casey, I'll take care of you." He leaned up and kissed
  him. "Unless, of course, you don't want me to." There was a mischievous glint
  in his dark gray eyes. "You want him to just stand there all alone, with no
  one to play with?" 
 "I can't believe I'm hard. I guess it really does have a mind of it's own." He
  blushed. "I'd like it, if you want to. You've been real nice to me Torin, thank
  you." 
 "Look lover, call me Tori like everyone else does. The only one who calls
  me Torin is my Master, and only if he's making a point, or fussing at me about
  something. As for being nice, when you live like I do now, it's not hard." One,
  more, soft kiss, and he turned his attention to the problem at hand. 
 Casey had been a little worried that he'd fall asleep before Torin finished,
  but that fear fled as soon as Torin took him into his mouth. It didn't matter
  how tired he was. There was no way he could fall asleep with his body as tight
  as the pull of his bedmate mouth made him. So he lay there, moaning softly,
  allowing the pleasure to take him once more. 
 This time, when Torin finished, Casey's maleness stayed down. "Better now?" 
 "I've died, and gone to the pervert's heaven." The boy sighed reaching for
  him. 
 "No! Don't even say that! Even, in jest." Torin's words were hard. "You
  have no idea how close you came. Death won't come for you again, for a long
  time. Believe that." He pulled him close, allowing him to rest his head on
  his chest. "Sleep now pretty boy. You're Lady will come for you soon enough." 
 "You gonna leave me?" 
 "Not until you're asleep." He reached for the manacle that hung on the headboard. "Let
  me fasten this before you doze off." He took his left wrist and chained it
  to the bed. "It won't be long before you don't have to wear this. Just till
  Selene is sure you're all right with being here." He kissed him. "Now go to
  sleep, baby. We'll talk tomorrow." 
 "Thank you." He didn't argue, he knew Torin wanted out of here. Wanted to
  enjoy his last day in the sun. "For being my friend." 
 "Sleep, baby." His head rested against Casey's, offering the security that
  the boy had lived so long without. Promising himself that he would make sure
  that this one never had reason to feel fear again. 
CHAPTER 8  
 It was almost eight before Robyn felt like crawling out of bed. The antics
  of the night before had left her wore out. But as she thought back on them,
  she decided, it was a tired she could get used to. "Hey, sleeping beauty." She
  rolled over, smiling at William. "Time to wake up." 
 William groaned. "Hey, to you too. What time is it?" It had been some time
  since last he woke in Robyn's bed. 
 She twisted around to look at the clock. "Almost seven forty-five. We really
  slept the day away. So what time does Zak come alive?" 
 "Should be about to wake up now. Better let me get him up. He can be a bit
  out of it first thing. You're still new to him, and if he growled at you, he'd
  drive you nuts for days apologizing." He rolled over, sitting up. "Still feel
  like you did last night?" 
 "About what, Zak? Yeah, of course, I could fall hard for him if I'm not
  careful." She glanced over at him. "I won't lie to you Will. I don't understand
  it, but it's there." 
 William reached over and hugged her. "Zak will be thrilled to hear that.
  Love comes so easy for him, and he has such a hard time finding it." 
 "So you're cool with it?" She had to make sure. William was her best friend,
  and she had just told him that she was in love with his other half. 
 William laughed getting out of bed. "Go shower Robby, and quite asking stupid
  questions. This was my idea remember. I'm not worried about you and Zak, I
  know I'm loved, and where I belong. I'll go wake Fang's while you do." 
 She watched him leave the room, a weight on her shoulders with him they
  would be a threesome. It was okay. No body had a problem with it. She shook
  her head, moving to go start her day. 
* * * 
 William stepped into the dark room, moving softly so not wake his lover
  if he was still asleep. Robyn was cool with this, he knew Zak was in seventh
  heaven, and he was as happy as any one man could be. 
 "Will?" the soft, deep voice from the bed, seemed to wrap around him. 
 "Hi, I didn't wake you did I?" Arms pulled him close a mouth on his. He
  could get used to waking up to this very fast. 
 "No, I've been awake for a while." There was an odd note in his voice. "I--I
  spoke to my Sire's Sire this morning." 
 William looked at him, a grin on his face. "Really?" And as Zak, grinned,
  back nodding, he hugged him again. "That's great. How did they handle it?" 
 "They are coming to see me tonight. Do you think Robyn will mind if I have
  company? They will not hurt either of you. This is my place, and the law makes
  you both safe." 
 "Law? What law?" William had learned over the years, that vampires lived
  by certain codes, and if they didn't they were out casts. 
 "You are blood-bonded to me, that makes you untouchable by any of the Vampyr.
  Robyn has my mark on her, I fed from her, remember? No vampire of the Lines
  would dare harm either of you. It matters not that they are older and stronger.
  To touch you, they would have to challenge, and, kill me. That will not happen
  with Azrael, he is my Grand-Sire. I am of his blood." 
 "So I get to meet the family hu? Cool, and don't worry about Robyn. I'll
  tell her what's going on, and we'll stay out of the way." 
 "Thank you," another kiss. "I will be up in a moment. Let me dress." He
  moved, but stopped. "Oh, before I forget." His teeth broke through the skin
  on his wrist. "Drink precious, I will not have you suffer." 
 And again like last night, the feelings overwhelmed him with the first taste
  of his lovers' blood. He felt Zak pull him close, holding him as he drank,
  hands touching, stroking, reaffirming their ownership. "Hold me." William rested
  in his arms, the need for his touch burning in him. His life was so connected
  to this man, his whole being tied into the power of his love and his essence. 
 "Robyn, will be ill with us." Zak pushed him down on the bed, body pressing
  against his as he went to feed the need for love within them both. 
 "She'll get ever it." 
 Robyn leaned back against the shower wall, as the feelings of their pleasure
  echoed in her body. She should have known that this would happen. Will and
  Zak were newly bonded, and like any two newlyweds, they were going to jump
  each other every chance they got. Well no big deal, she'd finish with her shower,
  and join them. 
 "Hey, guys, be nice and come up here," she, hollered down the stairs as
  she towel dried her hair. "If you're going to make like bunnies again, the
  least you can do is include me physically." She could hear their laughter at
  her words. "Jerks." 
 "Excuse me." A soft baritone voice behind her caused her to jump. 
 She spun around to be faced with two men. ""Oh, Ga'Damn!" 
 "I am sorry child, did I frighten you." The older of the two smiled at her. 
 "Who the hell are you, and how the fuck did you get into my house. "She
  dropped the towel, ready for a fight. "Zak!" 
 Azrael looked in shock at the child before him. She was badly beaten, and
  marked. Would one of his, blood, do this to a mortal? "Who hurt you girl?" His
  voice was like ice. 
 "Milady?" Zak was suddenly there, a protective arm around her. "Don't be
  afraid Robyn, they will not hurt you." He looked to the two Elder vampires
  before him. "I did not have time to alert all in the house to your coming." He
  nodded respectfully. "Forgive her sharp words." 
 Azrael looked him over. The feelings of protectiveness that radiated from
  him made no more sense than the marks on the girl's body. And as he took in
  the sight of her, he was struck with yet a third shock. The child was a Mage. "Understood
  Gabriel. Now explain yourself, I raised Thorne, I created his nature. And though
  you were young when he died, surely he trained you better than to do this." He
  waved a hand at her abused body. "Has your control fled you so, that you can
  not touch those in your keep without marring them?" There was contempt in his
  tone. 
 Zak looked at him stunned. He thought that he had hurt Robyn that the bruises
  on her body were of his doing. He drew himself up to defend himself, but the
  mortal in his arms beat him to the punch. 
 "Hey you." She stepped forward. "Zak didn't do this to me. If it weren't
  for him, I'd still be hurting so bad I couldn't move. Watch your mouth. This
  is my house. I'm the only one that can give people shit in it." 
 "Robyn." William reached from behind Zak to grab her, letting both the vampires
  see him for the first time. "Excuse me." He yanked her back. "Shut up Robby,
  you don't know what's going on." 
 Azrael took a step back, not, one Mage but two. It would seem that they
  were falling out of the woodwork. And this one was bonded. "Rest easy pet,
  the child has a right to defend her master." It pleased Azrael that the girl
  had been so quick to stand for him. If the boy could inspire such loyalties,
  then perhaps the damage was not as great as he had feared. 
 " Master  ?" The tone of Robyn's voice was dark. "Zak,
  what's the deal? Since when did you become my 'Master'  ?" 
 This was not going at all as he had expected it to. Poor Robyn, she was
  so new to them. "Hush pretty one, no man is your Master. My Elder did not mean
  to insult you. Please, go with William, allow me to speak with my Grand-Sire
  and uncle. I will explain it all to you soon precious." 
 "Come on Robby, let's go get dressed and eat. I'll fill you in." William
  pulled her back towards the bedroom. "Please." 
 Azrael waited until William had pulled Robyn, swearing all the way, down
  the hall. "We seem to have disrupted your lair Gabriel." There was a note of
  apology in his voice. "Could you tell me how, a youngling like yourself has
  stumbled onto not one but two Magi? And what happened to the girl? If you did
  not do that to her, then who did?" 
 Michael cleared his throat. "Master, wouldn't it be better to greet our
  lost blood first, before we interrogate him? He hasn't seen Kin for over two
  hundred years." 
 Azrael nodded grinning. "Of course, come Childe. How are you?" He held out
  his arms, welcoming the lost one back. 
 A sob broke in Zak's chest as he went into the open arms, to be pulled between
  them, held and welcomed. The emotions that wrapped around him were healing.
  He had longed for this for so long, prayed for it, burned for it. That now
  here, held between the two, he found a peace that he had thought lost forever. 
 "Ssshh," Azrael held him up, supporting him as he cried. "We have you now
  Childe. Never again will you be alone." He looked up at Michael. "I have Thorne
  back again in this one." There was joy in his words. 
 Michael stroked his hair. "Yes, and I can fulfill a promise made to my brother
  so long ago." There was no hate here. Some how, beyond all rhyme and reason.
  The Childe had grown up whole. The wounds he felt were reparable, the scars
  would fade with a little time and love. "How did you do it Gabriel? Who supported
  you all this time?" 
 The story fell from his lips, slowly. Painfully he opened himself up to
  his Kin. From Martin's discovery, to Cindy's life and death, to William and
  his love, and finally To Robyn, and his being with her, up to and including
  his love for her now, each adding a layer to both his joy and his loneliness. 
 To say that Azrael was amazed would have been a gross understatement. Had
  Zak been any younger or any older, he could not have lived. But fate had been
  kind to him, and his loss took him at a point when he knew only so much, but
  was still ignorant enough to be flexible. "It is over my Childe. You will never
  be alone again, and those, precious, two you have will be as welcomed into
  my lair as you are. Any that have helped you would be. But tell me, how is
  it that you have in your look for love stumbled onto two Mages. They are so
  rare now, I thought myself fortunate beyond words to find the one I have." 
 Zak looked up at him, confused. "Mages? Forgive me Grand-Sire, but what
  do you mean?" 
 'He does not know'  . Michael was floored. 'He
      a Mage himself, and he does not know'  . Would there be no end
      to the surprises for him this night. "Did Thorne not get to that part of
      your training yet? You are a Mage yourself." 
 "I have not used my Magecraft since my master died, we were too tightly
  connected there, it hurt too much. But are you telling me that I have fallen
  in love with not one but two of the ancient line?" Both vampires nodded. "Good 'God'  !" 
 Azrael chuckled, "yes. I too felt something very similar to that when I
  realized what you had stumbled into. How close you were to attracting the attention
  of those you could better do without. 
 "But William, Robyn. How will I protect them? They, I have marked them both.
  Bonded with William. They will radiate for the world to see." The terror in
  his voice at the thought of the danger he had put his loves in. "Azrael, Grand-Sire.
  Megel, what do I do?" 
 Azrael's head lifted as he felt the presence of company in the room. Both
  children stood in the doorway. Fear and worry written across their features.
  He shook his head. Poor youngsters all three, "come children, your love is
  safe. His worries have nothing to do with his well being, but rather yours." He
  motioned for them to come close. "Come on, neither of you have any reason to
  fear me. I will never hurt you. My Grand-Childe is whole and not some monster
  in part because of you both." He smiled, hiding his fangs, as they moved slowly
  to Zak. He was impressed with them. How could he not be? From the feelings
  he picked up from them, they loved and supported him Grand-Childe freely, by
  their own will and design. The boy might not have consciously noticed that
  they were Magi, but somehow, had refrained from taking their freedom anyway.
  He would have them for his house, all three. Perhaps even win the girl for,
  him, for he was sure that if he didn't, the danger she was in would increase.
  Gabriel was neither old enough nor was he trained enough to handle two Mages. 
 Robyn looked from Zak to Azrael. William had made a quick explanation of
  the current situation, and the problems that could come with it. "Look," she
  spoke softly to Azrael. "Man, I'm sorry for getting jumpy with you. I just
  haven't quite got the hand of dealing with vampires yet. Zak's my first. I
  don't know all the rules or what ever they're called. Sorry for jumping at
  ya." She felt a little less overwhelmed sitting in Zak's lap. William had explained
  the law, and she knew that as long as they were visiting, and she was connected
  to Zak and William, that she really didn't have anything to fear from either
  of these two. They were family. "I got a question though. Where'd you hide
  my dogs?" 
 "I put them to sleep." Azrael began, but realized his mistake even as the
  pain and horror filled her eyes. " No  ." He raised his
  hands. "They slumber child, nothing more. I would not harm your pets." He motioned
  to the corner where both dogs lay. "Go touch them child. They will awaken,
  but please, restrain them." 
 Robyn scooted past both Azrael and Michael, trying not to look scared out
  of her wits, but this wasn't easy. "Yin, Yang?" She patted both Rottweilers.
  Who proceeded to wake up growling. "No, down guys, heel." But there was no
  talking to either dog. "Oh, ga'damn  . Zak could you talk
  to them?" 
 "Yin, Yang." Zak snapped his fingers, summoning the dogs. Pact dominance
  asserted as he called them into line. "Sit, behave." He smiled at his Elders. "They
  were not raised around Kin." 
 "Understood. Now please, reassure your darlings that neither they nor you
  are in any danger. The boy looks like he's ready to faint straight away." 
 "The boy  ." William said, reaching to hold Zak's hand. "Has
  had four years of learning the care and feeding of a vampire. Robyn doesn't
  know what your kind can do. I do." 
 There was a world of implications behind his statement. "Yes, but you were
  not dealing with whole Kin child. Relax there is nothing you could possibly
  do, short of betraying your love, that would cause me to even consider harming
  you. There is no need for the fear you feel. The three of you are safer now
  than you have ever been." To Zak, "talk to your loves, Gabriel, convinces them
  of my sincerity." 
 Zak looked to his two. "Azrael is right, you have nothing to fear from them,
  and much to hope for in the way of care. I can't protect you from those who
  will come and seek you out because of my carelessness." He looked so guilty. "It
  is my fault. I should have never touched either of you. And now, you're marked.
  My power makes you noticeable by my kind. It is only a matter of time before
  one of the outlaw Renegades seeks you out." 
 "What are you talking about Zak?" William looked at him closely. "You've
  been feeding off of me for over four years now. No one has ever bothered me.
  I won't believe that you of all people would put either of us in danger." He
  turned to Azrael "What did you tell  him?" 
 "Nothing that deep down he did not already know. Some how, though the very
  chance of it is so slim as to be almost impossible, he had found, linked and
  fallen in love with not one, but two of the Magi. The reason you have been
  unmolested has more to do with the fact that your power is almost completely
  blocked off. But now, with her." He pointed to Robyn. "Who glows as brightly
  as my boy Torin, none of the Renegades will be willing to pass up a chance
  for both. Not with you linked to each other as you are." 
 "Witch." 
 Azrael turned to Robyn. "Excuse me dear, did you say something?" 
 "Yeah, Witch. I'm a Witch, not a Mage." 
 He looked at her. The girl was going to argue terminology and definitions
  with him. "No dear, you are a Mage. You might not know it, for true Mages with
  training are hard to come by, and so you had to make do with what training
  you could find. But believe me, the term is Mage, and you are one." 
 "Okay, what ever. So what happens now? From where I'm sitting, Will and
  I are pretty much fucked, right?" She wouldn't lose it yet. Some how she couldn't
  feel the threat of danger to herself in this. And she was looking as hard as
  she could. 
 "Not at all. You have as much right to my protection as my Grand-Childe's
  pets as any pet in my house. You will come with him, and live with us. That
  way you are safe from any who would harm you, mortal and immortal alike." 
 Robyn looked at Azrael as if he had lost what was left of his brain. Leave,
  she couldn't leave. She had a life, responsibilities. And she opened her mouth
  to tell him so when the doorbell rang. "Who in the?" She pulled away from Zak. "Hold
  that thought, I'm not done with it yet." She went to the door. "Yeah, who is
  it?" 
 "Robyn, it's me, Detective Charles," a strong, yet somewhat muffled voice. 
 The bolts came free. "Hi Chuckles, what can I do you out of?" She smiled.
  But the grin didn't remain on her face past one look at his. "Daniel?" 
 "Robyn, hon." There was such pain in his voice. "There has been an accident.
  I told them to let me tell you." He held out a bag. "Robyn, it's, Adrian." 
 Robyn looked at him. He wasn't saying what she thought he was saying. "Addy?" Her
  voice was a whisper. 
 "I'm sorry Robyn, but there was nothing anyone could do. We tried, but by
  the time we got to him, it was too late." He reached for her as she began to
  tremble. "We got the ones that killed him, but we couldn't save him." 
 Adrian was dead; her big brother was dead. The only stable thing she had
  ever had in her life, dead. She pulled away as Detective Charles tried to comfort
  her. "No." She croaked. "You're lying. Addy wouldn't die, he wouldn't leave
  me, too." 
 "Robyn, please." DT Charles fought to hold her. "I know honey." It was the
  one part about his job that he hated the most, the visit to the family, this
  one most of all because he had practically helped raise the girl in his arms. 
 "No." She dropped to her knees. "Not Addy, not my brother." She just couldn't
  believe it. She had lost everyone else in her life. God couldn't take her brother
  too. "No." The sobs came. "No." 
 "Robyn?" Zak stood with William at his side. The pain she felt had struck
  them both as almost a physical blow. "What has happened?" Zak looked at the
  detective. 
 "Who are you?" William he knew, but this one was new. 
 "Zak Forrest. I am in her employee, I guard her." He bent to gather the
  sobbing girl into his arms. "What has happened?" 
 "Her brother has been killed." He looked to William. "I--I have to go. There
  is so much to do. Will you stay with her? I'll come by and check up on her
  later. Maybe it would be a good idea for her to come and stay with Sandy and
  me for a few days." 
 William shook his head. "Don't worry about it Daniel. I'll take care of
  her. Zak and I will get her out of town, away from here for a while. Does she
  need to sign anything?" 
 The detective shook his head. "No, I sighed for his belongings myself." He
  glanced down at the bag on the floor. "I'd have him cremated, and--" He stepped
  closer to William, pulling him aside. "I can't tell her, I wish I could, but
  there's not much left of him. It's, well, there isn't anything left that's
  recognizable. I knew it was, him anyone who worked and hung with him would,
  and the dental records prove it, but if it were, me, I wouldn't want my wife
  and kids to see me like they left him. Prepare her for that." 
 William nodded, not at all sure what to do now. "I, yeah. Thanks Daniel,
  I'll take care of it. They got the guys right?" 
 "Who did it, yeah. We're still working on, who, had it ordered. But we'll
  get them. Make sure she understands that. We will get them, I won't let up
  until we do." 
 William saw Detective Charles out, locking the door behind him. What was
  he going to do now? His whole world had gone to shit in one evening. And Robyn,
  this was going to kill her. Adrian had been the one thing in her life that
  was solid, stable and could be counted on no matter how crazy the rest of them
  got. 
 A hand rested on shoulder lightly. He turned to meet quiet brown eyes, full
  of sympathy and compassion. "Come," an arm around him, leading him back into
  the house. 
 "Robyn?" He had to go to her. She needed him right now. 
 "Gabriel and Megel have her, come." Azrael led the grief stricken youth
  back into the living room. "There she is." 
 William moved to kneel beside the chair. Reaching out to her. "Baby?" 
 "They killed him." A cry of pain, of a heart that had broken, shattered
  and splintered. "Will, they killed my brother." And his arms held her, crying
  with her as he rocked. "Adrian, William, my brother...." 
 "I know, ssshh... I know." 
 Zak sat there, watching as William went to do what he could to comfort their
  love. A burning rage building in him. The animals, beasts, they had hurt someone
  he loved. He swore as he watched on and felt her pain, he would find the ones
  responsible, and they would suffer for what they had done. 
 "Gabriel?" Michael pulled him up. "Will you tell us what had happened? Why
  was your girls brother killed?" 
 Zak let the older vampire hold him. His feelings were so close to out of
  control. "He was the District Attorney, he made enemies. It is why I am here.
  They had taken to abusing Robyn as a way to intimidate her brother. I guess
  she won't need me anymore now. At least to protect her from them." The rage
  built. 
 "Ssshh, Childe, wait. Later, we will do a casting. We will find out who
  has done this. I promise you Gabriel, my word. We will see justice. Our kind." 
 "Gabriel." Azrael spoke softly; he was hesitant to cause any more disruption
  for the moment, but knew that they needed to get the girl away from here. "Bring
  her, let us go to my domain. My Chosen is a Mage as well as a Healer. He will
  be able to help her. But for now, let us get her away from here, before you
  lose what is left of your control." A gentle pressure "yes, Childe. I know.
  The rage is common for us when faced with wrongs done to those in our care.
  Trust Megel, he will help you to see that those who wronged her pay, and pay
  dearly." 
 Zak looked at Azrael, the pain threatening to overcome him. He was not used
  to loss, besides his sire, he had only faced the death of two of those he loved. "Yes." He
  tried to focus on what the Elder vampire was saying. Yes there was a need to
  get her out of here. "Wait a moment, I will talk to her." 
 William looked up as Zak knelt beside them. He didn't know what to do. Robyn
  had been there for him when Cindy had died. Supported him for over a week as
  he walked around lost and confused. But he didn't know how, he couldn't comfort
  her like she had him. "What do I do?" Zak was older. Maybe he would know how
  to help her. "What do I do?" 
 "Robyn." Zak leaned forward, bringing himself close when he spoke. Forcing
  her to acknowledge him, pulling her from the hell inside herself. "It's not
  safe now. You can't stay here. My Grand-Sire will take us to his home. He has
  a Healer there, a Mage like you." He refused to look away from her, to hide
  from the raw agony in her eyes. "Let me help you. Let my kind give you comfort,
  bring you peace." 
 She looked into those purple-blue eyes. The ones that had just last night
  brought her so much joy. The pain she saw there mirrored the pain she felt.
  And though her rational mind never voiced it, the fact that he suffered with
  her, for her, gave her strength. "They killed my brother, Zak." 
 "Yes pretty one, I know. Leave that to me. I will see those who had a hand
  in this pay. I will avenge your pain precious. But not at this moment right
  now we must leave. You must heal, or you will never smile again. I have told
  you once; no man is your Master. Will you let me take you away from here? 
 She shook her head. "I--I can't leave Adrian, he needs me." There was so
  much that would have to be done. Funeral arrangements, the wake, making, all,
  the phone calls. "I have to take care of him now." 
 "Child." Azrael knelt beside Zak. "I have a phone in my lair, just like
  the rest of the world. I have pets that will help you with this. But Gabriel
  is right. You cannot stay here. I promise you child, my word, if my Grand-Childe
  is unable to make these animals pay, I will. But for now, sleep. Flee from
  your pain, later with those more able to help you, you may face it again." He
  lulled her to rest; doing the only thing that made any sense for the moment.
  Giving her a respite from reality. "Gather her some things Gabriel and do so
  quickly. It bothers me that I must take the will of one who is free." 
 "It's okay." The pain in the room ceases to throb through William as she
  went to sleep. "I was getting ready to call her doctor, get a script. She might
  be a little miffed when she wakes up. But believe me, you did us all a favor." He
  still rocked her. "Zak, take her, I'll get her some clothes. What do you want
  to do about her dogs and Beernuts?" 
 "Beernuts?" Zak looked at his lover as if the boy had lost his reason. 
 "Her cat." He nodded to the couch where a large calico cat, lay watching
  them. 
 "They will come with her." Azrael walked over to the couch and collected
  the oversized ball of fur. "Now, this is a cat." He murmured in honor of the
  size and obvious health of the feline. "Megel, gather the beasts. Gabriel,
  take the girl and," he looked at William. "William, is it not?" 
 "Yes sir." 
 "William, fetch your lady the things she will need. I would just as soon
  be gone from here as quickly as possible. I like not that these animals would
  first brutalize her so, and then kill her brother. I feel danger, and I do
  not like it." 
 Zak took Robyn from him, shushing the soft whimper that rose from her. Sleep
  lessened the pain, but could not take it from her completely. Only time could
  do that. And time was the one commodity a vampire had plenty of. He would see
  her smile again. Maybe not, today or tomorrow, but eventually she would be
  able to smile again. "Are you sure of this Azrael? My two will not be a burden
  on you? They know nothing about how they should act. I have treated them both
  as equals." 
 "I am sure that with time, they will grow accustomed to us. And if you choose
  to grant them the right to stand, I will respect it. I would not ask that they
  be broken now anyway, I would not do that to one as hurt as your girl is. Trust,
  Gabriel, trust." 
 William came back into the room duffel full of her clothes and things. "You'll
  bring her back to get more of her stuff later, right?" He touched her cheek. 
 "We will not live forever with my Grand-Sire, just until she is well, and
  the animals that threatened her are dealt with. I promise you, we will be back
  here, or where ever we decide to land, soon." 
 "Okay then, I'm ready." He trusted Zak, Zak didn't lie, wouldn't lie. So
  William placed his trust in the other two as well. 
 "Good, we go." Azrael held out a hand to William. "Give me your hand pet.
  We walk the Dark Paths, and it is safer if you hold on to one of us." He squeezed
  his fingers gently as they touched his. "I will protect you William, no harm
  will befall you in my care. Let us go. Later you and I shall talk. But for
  now, your love there needs more than you can give." And the dark engulfed them. 
CHAPTER 9   
 Azrael gave William hand a firm squeeze as they appeared in his home. The
  boy had not taken well to the Dark Paths. Though it wasn't any wonder why.
  For a mortal, Mage or no, who had never seen the likes of what existed where
  light never touched, it could be a harrowing experience. "You are in my lair
  pet, you are safe now."  
 William was shaking so badly that his teeth rattled. He was glad that Robyn,
  in her present state, had been asleep for the trip. He would try to convince
  Zak that when it was time to leave that a plane was a hell of a lot less nasty.  
 "Azrael?" Torin was up and coming towards them before they could even get
  settled. "What happened?" The pain that poured from all three wrapped around
  him, in a solid wall of agony  
 "Torin," Azrael motioned for him to come close. Torin for his part knew
  that it was serious. As he had told Casey the night before, Azrael almost never
  used his full name, preferring the endearment. "Gabriel's girl there needs
  you. She is badly abused physically, and has suffered a great loss. Mere moments
  ago she learned that someone had murdered her brother." He gathered his Mageling
  close. "She is in great pain dearest. A pain, that I. fear could cripple her.
  Look, closely, child she is like you and Mage born. Newly linked and just now
  at the beginnings of her powers."  
 " Fuck me  ." Torin shook his head, swearing. Azrael
  was right. At this moment a shock like this could be death to a new Mage. "How
  long has she been out?"  
 "It is not catatonia, I placed her in this state. It was prudent to stop
  her from affecting all around her. She projects as if she were Kin."  
 Torin whistled low. She was that much a, wild, talent already. He had his
  work cut out for him. "Will her Master allow me to work on her? I'll have to
  take her down to the workroom. Any thing else and she will disrupt the whole
  house. And we have enough instabilities between Selene and Casey without adding
  death agonies to it."  
 Azrael was so proud of his Chosen, soon to be Childe. He was thinking, weighing
  all the variables. For one so young, it was almost unbelievable. But Azrael
  had learned quickly that his Mageling was anything but average. "If Gabriel
  believes that is the best course, he will allow it. But love, best you be,
  very, careful. My Grand-Childe has held his two as equals, not knowing any
  other way. Call all Kin by their name with her, for no man is her master. I
  will allow this, for it is not my right to dictate how another of my line holds
  those he loves."  
 Torin nodded. The idea of someone not giving his master the honor due him
  and respecting it with the title he deserves was a strange one for him, but
  if that was the way it went. Then he'd go out of his way not to rock the boat,
  especially, not, right now. "Will you help me?"  
 "Why do you ask? When have I ever allowed you to take on something that
  might test your limits and not been there. Wait my love the physical damage
  from her assault will sicken you, even without the bleeding of her heart. Not
  even Derrik and his excesses will even compare to the abuse that this child
  has suffered. Gabriel's will alone is all that keeps her from falling from
  pain." He brushed a lock of hair from Torin's face. "Forgive me my love, but
  it may be tomorrow before I have time to fulfill my promise to you. When I
  sought out my Grand-Childe, I never in all my wildest dreams believed I would
  also be faced with his two. Or that animals would wound his love so badly."  
 Torin caught his hand. "I have all the time in the world. And I wouldn't
  be worthy of your Gift if I begrudged her your time. Let me take care of her,
  and we'll talk about my re-birth when we have time. Who knows this might be
  good for me. A final gift to mortality before I give it up."  
 Azrael beamed. There were no few that would envy him his Childe in this
  one. His honesty and instinctual goodness would be a plus in his training.
  Too often was strength mistaken by coldness, "Gabriel?" He looked up from his
  pet.  
 Zak looked up from the pale face of his pretty one. "Yes?"  
 "Will you allow me to take her from you? I would loathe having her unshielded
  when she awakens. Torin is a Healer, and can help her if you allow it. But
  I would rather have her in my work room under full shields before I bring her
  up from her slumber."  
 Zak looked at her face. No, he didn't want to be separated from her. She
  needed him right now. Needed his love and support. But she needed healing more.
  He would be with her always, but if they could not build back what cruel fate
  had torn down then it would not matter how often he held her. She would never
  be the brightness he fell in love with. "She will be frightened if I am not
  there."  
 "Yes, but you would do more damage that good Childe. Her pain would echo
  from her to you and back. Better a few moments of fright, that can be dispelled,
  than the difficulty working with her as she fed from your pain as well as her
  own." It was a hard thing, to love and want to help and be unable. Azrael could
  well feel for his Kin. "Your boy needs you as well. Settle him while we settle
  your bright Mageling. My word, no harm will befall her in Torin's care."  
 Zak bent his head and kissed Robyn's brow. "Forgive me." He allowed Azrael
  to take her. "She will be difficult." He warned.  
 "Yes, I imagine she will, and rightly so. She as suffered greatly, and deserves
  to be allowed to feel her rage. Now go, William is suffering as well, and needs
  a healing only love can offer."  
 William watched, confused, as Azrael carried Robyn from the room. "Hey." He
  moved to stop him. "Zak, where's he taking her?"  
 "To his work room. Relax lover, my Grand-Sire knows what he is doing. The
  boy with him is a Healer as well as a Mage. If anyone can help her to find
  peace, it is he." Arms gathered his love to him. "Don't be afraid, no one will
  hurt either of you. I swear it. I would never expose you to danger, intentionally.
  I love you, I love her." The others in the room did not matter; his life was
  wrapped in the youth in his arms. He was helpless to help Robyn, but he would
  not stand by and let William suffer.  
 "Is Rob going to be okay?" He had grown up with Adrian. The man had been
  as much a big brother to him as he was to Robyn. When his parents had been
  so disappointed with him because he failed to live up to their standards, it
  had been Adrian who had stood up for him. And after his bad time when he was
  a teen-ager, Adrian had been there for him, even when his own father had forbid
  him to talk about what happened, preferring to just pretend that it had never
  taken place.  
 "Of course." Zak moved slowly, leading him to a chair. "Azrael is ancient.
  If anyone can help her, he can. Think, now of you love. Robyn will heal, I
  promise." He pulled him into his lap. "Were you and this man close?"  
 "I've known Robby since I was nine years old. Grew up with her. Adrian practically
  adopted me. After Robyn's parents died, and he took up raising her, I almost
  lived with him." The tears came. "Zak, he was. I can't explain Adrian to you.
  He was good. I mean, really, good. He believed in what he was doing, and was
  willing to back up those beliefs. So much of what Robyn is now, is because
  of him." It hurt to talk. To face the reality that one of the finest men he
  knew was dead.  
 Zak didn't try to hush his pain. Tears were healthy, as long as he could
  keep him from walling up his grief; there was hope for recovery. It was one
  of the first things he had learned when facing death. Give into grief. Honor
  you pain and the person you mourn. "I'm here." He whispered rocking him. "I
  will always be here, go on love, and cry."  
 Michael watched on, all the room did. It didn't take a great leap in reasoning
  to know that the death was a brutal blow to both the children. "Maria." He
  looked for Azrael's first pet. "Precious, that drink, the one that you gave
  to Jason that first night. Is there more here?"  
 "Yes," she agreed with the thought. "I will go fetch him a stiff drink.
  I'll bring the bottle with me. It might take more than one. It calms fears,
  but we've never had to use it on someone in mourning. Death of someone we love
  just doesn't happen here." She looked at William with sympathy. The blow was
  too much for him. It had been years since she had seen anyone in her house
  suffering through such grief. Well, they all would do what they could to help.
  She first off by going to retrieve what Michael wanted. After that it was all
  just a matter of time and patience.  
* * *  
 Azrael led Torin into the workroom, waiting till he had closed the door
  before calling up the shields that always lay waiting here. No one would suffer
  because of her pain. And she would be safe from the painful emotions that echoed
  through his house with the bringing of two more untrained Mages in grief. "Tori,
  a glass of water please." He laid her on the table for a moment. "She will
  need something to deaden the pain a little, a sedative for now." The lock released
  with a touch of his hand, opening to display shelves of bottles and jars. The
  compound he wanted was the one he used for backlash. It would deaden her centers
  without harming her in anyway. It should also work as a tranquilizer, to deaden
  her senses.  
 "What are you giving her?" Torin watched with interest.  
 "A sedative, it will ease her emotional pain, as well as deaden her powers
  for a while. One, problem, at a time, "go gather her up, take her to the couch, "there.
  She will be quite distraught when I wake her. Better it be somewhere comfortable,
  and somewhat away from my work area."  
 Torin wondered briefly where she got the dye for her hair. He had seen a
  few teens with colors similar, but never bothered to inquire where they found
  the dyes. He smiled at Azrael as his Master knelt in front of them. Glad that
  he was there. If she reacted badly, the Elder vampire and adept would calm
  her quickly. "I'm ready."  
 Azrael reached out and touched her cheek gently. "Robyn." His voice just
  a breath above a whisper. He would monitor his voice carefully for now. "Come
  back to us, little one." He banished her sleep slowly, allowing her to come
  to her senses gradually. There would be enough pain and fear without yanking
  her from the safety of her slumber.  
 Her eyes opened slowly, almost as if she were drugged. Dull, moss green
  eyes looked up at Torin, not understanding. "Who?" Thought was still a little
  hard.  
 "Tori, a friend of Azrael's. I'm a Healer, he brought you to me." Torin
  radiated calm, poured peaceful quiet energy at her. Hoping that it would help
  to ease the shock that full consciousness would bring. "They were worried about
  you."  
 "Azrael?" It still wasn't clicking with her.  
 "Do you remember me pet?" Azrael laid a hand on her forearm. "I was with
  you when the news came. I brought you here, where it is safe. Do you remember?"  
 Yes she remembered him now, and as she focused on him, it all came back. "No." She
  moaned. "They killed--." Adrian was, dead, he brother was dead.  
 "Yes Robyn, I know." He held out the glass. "Here precious, drink this,
  it will help you." He waited to see if she would fight him.  
 But he needn't have worried. She reached for the glass without thinking
  the shock stung her severely. He was glad that she had taken the water without
  an argument. He wasn't sure that he could have talked her into it with out
  resorting to dominating her if she had. "Gabriel and your William are upstairs.
  They will be here for you when you are ready to go to them. But for now, relax
  you are safe. Remember, I told you that this would be your home."  
 "No, I have to go back. Take care of everything." She couldn't just hide
  now.  
 "Take care of what little one. I will have Maria make the necessary phone
  calls tomorrow. We will see that your brother is interned properly."  
 "Interned?" She struggled with the word. "You mean, like buried?" She gave
  a protesting cry as he nodded. "No, oh ga'damn, no. We don't bury our folks." Stick
  him in a box; shove him in the ground.  
 "Cremated." Tori whispered. "We'll make sure he's cremated." He gritted
  his teeth. The pain even with the drug in her system was sharp. "Relax, you'll
  make yourself sick."  
 Robyn lay back. 'Adrian was dead. Her brother was dead'  .
  The words kept echoing in her mind. There would be no more arguments over her
  lifestyle and friends, no more Sunday dinners, no more football games. Her
  brother was dead.  
 "I want to see him." She tried to sit up, but the drug in her body made
  that hard. "Please, I need to see him, to say goodbye."  
 Azrael shook his head. He had heard what the mortal detective had told William. "No
  child, there is no way that you can do that. It would be impossible. He was
  hurt very badly."  
 "What did they do?" She stared at him in horror. "Tell me."  
 Again Azrael made soothing noises. "I do not know all I know is what that
  detective said. I am assuming that it was horrendous." He took her from Torin
  as the tears fell again. "Cry precious, feel your pain." Had she been his,
  he would have gone mad with her agony. "Remember him as you last saw him. Grant
  him the respect and dignity that he deserves. Viewing him will only hurt you
  more."  
 Robyn rested against him, tears choking her. "Why? Why did they have to
  kill him? Why couldn't he just leave it alone?"  
 Azrael moved slowly, pushing her back into Torin's arms. "I can not answer
  that child, I did not know your brother. But perhaps it was because he was
  a man of honor. Honor demands that justice reign supreme." He took the glass
  from the floor. "I will return in a moment. Sit here. Tori will not harm you."  
 Robyn lay there, numb. What was she supposed to do now? Her whole world
  was gone. Tears course down her cheeks unheeded. Nothing mattered now.  
 Azrael went and added more of the backlash powder to the water. Her tolerance
  was high. This was good it promised that should she be trained her abilities
  were vast. "Robyn, will you drink again, child. You are still projecting greatly.
  This is not good."  
 This time she looked at the glass. "Wh-what is it?"  
 "A sedative. It will dull your senses, as well as ground out your centers.
  You are a projective empath. Your pain is great, and it spreads from you to
  all those near. Will you have my house suffer with you?" He smiled as she shook
  her head and drank. "Your trust warms me Robyn. I had feared that I would not
  succeed in convincing you to trust me."  
 Robyn looked up at him. Stopping to think about his words. Trust was a strange
  thing for her, either she did or she didn't, and she never considered how she
  made the choice. But he was right. Not only was he a stranger, but a vampire
  to boot. Did she trust him? The question didn't warrant consideration. Yes
  she trusted him, Zak had said he was safe, and she knew it was true. Even in
  the pain she was in, her inner voice, her instinct led her. "Zak." Was her
  only explanation?  
 "Ah, yes. Gabriel." He sat beside them. "Your trust for him covers me?"  
 She nodded. The world had gone a little fuzzy around the edges. All the
  Lines were softened. "What am I gonna do," a, tiny voice.  
 "Mourn your loss, and try to go on with your life. I am sorry pet, but that
  is all any of us can do. I know your pain, have lost siblings over the years,
  children and friends as well. But life is for the living, and we must live.
  Your brother would not wish you to fall now. Surely a man with such honor and
  dedication would expect you to go on. Will you allow Torin to help you? To
  heal the wounds not only to your soul but to your body as well?" He brushed
  the hair from her face. "I will see you supported during this. Gabriel will
  be there for you, for his bonded as well, and if the pain proves too much for
  him, I will care for you myself. Great is the debt my Kind owes you. Had it
  not been for you and others like you, my Grand-Childe would have never survived.
  Anything you need, little one, if it is within my power, I will grant it to
  you."  
 "I want my brother back." He words were more a moan of pain than a statement.  
 Azrael's eyes closed briefly. The child thought too much of his Kind if
  she was asking him to return the dead. Death was ever a part of his life, for
  he had caused it many times, but the negating of it, once the soul was fled
  was Gods domain, not his. "That is not within my power, child. Would that I
  could, for you, I would move the heavens to return the part of your soul that
  now lies dead. But alas, power I have. But only God can create life."  
 Torin shifted his body, pulling her closer in an attempt to create a feeling
  of security. Part of his soul, a part never touched before ached with her.
  Reached out, embracing the sorrow she felt, trying to take it from her. He
  had no idea why, nor did he understand the cause. But something in him, the
  silent part, cried with her pain. "Close you eyes Lady, let me give you what
  comfort I can. I wish I could take the pain, but I can't, it is yours. Though
  if I could, I would for you. But I can dull it take the sharpness from the
  edges. Make it so you can stand it, without it ripping you to shreds." It was
  then that he realized that he was beginning to sound like his Master. Azrael
  really was creating his nature.  
 Robyn looked from Torin to Azrael. "Hey," she mumbled. "You're glowing." And
  he was, all around Azrael. There was a soft red glow. "What gives?"  
 Azrael chuckled softly. "It's the drug child, you are seeing more because
  of it. My power is not easily seen, but now your centers are dulled, but activated.
  Later, now that you can see, I will train you how to use it. But for now, do
  what Tori suggests, and, allow him to help you. The power that Gabriel has
  over you, that blocks the pain of your body will not last past the drug."  
 Robyn looked back at Torin. He was glowing too, but not like Azrael. Azrael's
  was bright. Torin's was very soft. "You're not a vampire are you?"  
 "Not yet, though soon." He grinned. "I'm one of Azrael's, Chosen, I am supposed
  to become a Fledgling tonight, but we may have to hold off a few days. Let
  everything settle down again. Now, can I start to work on you?"  
 "What--what are you going to do?" Her whole body felt dull. She knew her
  brother was dead, and yes, she was sad, but it just didn't hurt like it did
  a few minutes ago.  
 "Well, I would like to see if I can make the state you are in right now
  permanent. But without the dulling effects, you can't walk around like this
  for days till your emotions settle. So I'm going to settle them for you. But
  you have power too, so I need your permission to work on you. Other wise it's
  a big taboo." Torin pushed just a little. 'Come, on sugar, let me
  help you. It won't be bad, I promise'.   He prayed.  
 Robyn shrugged, why not. She couldn't bear the thought of loosing Adrian
  like this. Every time she thought about it, her heart wanted to break. If he
  could make it bearable, then let him. Deep down in her heart, she couldn't
  stand feeling so vulnerable. "Okay."  
 "Rest your head against me. It's best if you just relax. If you feel strange,
  or suddenly experience funny vibrations, don't worry, it's only me." He smiled
  down at her, arms tightening as his channels open.  
 Funny vibrations didn't even begin to touch explaining how she felt. It
  was like her whole body was suddenly dipped in warm Jell-O. The energy around
  her thickened, and pulsed. Her heart, which was so close to breaking beyond
  repair, shifted, and began to hurt less, and less, as Torin sped up the emotional
  healing process. Letting her mind face the loss as if it were weeks old instead
  of mere hours. Placing the barrier of false time upon her. There was no way
  he could sever the tie, and completely make her forget, but he could begin
  to put it behind her.  
 Sweat beaded on his brow. This was one of the hardest workings he had ever
  attempted. And as he began to feel his own control lag, as the price of his
  crafting began to take its toll, he reached out for his master, seeking the
  stronger and purer power that was there.  
 Azrael looked on. Proud of his Chosen, as the boy went to prove his worth,
  yet again, but even as he watched on and cheered the wonder that Torin wrought,
  another part of him began to stir. A warning, a, cry of intrusion, Torin had
  gone too far into her soul; his power was blending with hers. Becoming one,
  as he strove to heal her. * Torin  !
  *  He tried to break the link, separate the two. * Pull
  back now, you cannot go there, you have gone too far  . * But
  even as he cried out, he knew it was too late. The two, had, bonded soul to
  soul. Torin's healing had taken on new levels.  
 Torin heard Azrael's warning. Even as he began to sense danger himself,
  but he could not pull away, did not dare. To do so now as linked to her as
  he was, to damn her to not only the pain of her loss, but a crippling in her
  soul. He had no choice. Complete the tie, or doom her to a life as a cripple.  
 He made up his mind, even as Azrael began to pull on his soul. He knew his
  Master would be angry with him, perhaps even punish him for what he was to
  do. But he would not leave her like this, could not. So in a final burst of
  power, he gathered himself up and locked in the link. Making them one, binding
  them together for life.  
 Azrael wore a look of rage as Torin came back to himself. "What have you
  done?" He demanded. "Have you lost your mind boy?"  
 "Oh, Ga'Damn." Robyn pulled away from him, "let me go."  
 Azrael gently pulled her from him. "Relax precious," This was not his pet,
  there was no way he could undo what had been done. "I'm going to lay you here.
  I promise, I will not let anything happen to harm you."  
 Torin watched on in fear, as Azrael laid Robyn on the floor. "Please, Master--." He
  cried out as Azrael grabbed him. "I had no choice."  
 "' No choice'!  " The slap knocked him to the floor.
  He fell over Robyn, twisting to keep from landing on her. " 'You
  had no right'  ."  
 "Azrael! No, Please." He had to explain, to make him understand. "I couldn't
  pull away, I would have crippled her, maybe even killed her. I was too far
  in." His eyes watched Azrael's hand. His master had never struck him. Had never
  had reason. "Please, I didn't mean to do it, but once there, I couldn't sever
  the tie."  
 Azrael stood over him, a variety of emotions playing over his face, from
  anger, to grief, to resignation. "No, I suppose you did not. But how could
  you go so far?"  
 "I didn't mean to." His head hurt where Azrael had slapped him, but his
  heart hurt more, both from the wrong he knew he had committed, and from Azrael's
  anger. "I swear, and once I realized what I had done, I--I couldn't pull back,
  it was too late." Tears ran down his face. "Master, forgive me."  
 Azrael looked from the confused green eyes that stared up at him, to his
  Chosen. There was nothing to be done now, and further words of blame would
  not change anything. "Come here." A hand reached.  
 Torin did not even consider that Azrael might hurt him. If he did, it would
  be no more than he deserved. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do it. I only wanted
  to lessen the hurt. She cut at me so."  
 Azrael rocked his Chosen. "Ssshh, Tori, precious, it is over. You are more
  versatile than I gave you credit for being. If this had been with one of the
  pets of my house, I would congratulate you. But this one belongs to Gabriel." Azrael
  knew he had a potentially sticky political problem on his hand. "I am sorry
  love. But I must turn you over to my Grand-Childe. You must confess your crime,
  and accept his wrath." He tightened his arms around Torin as the boy froze. "He
  is my blood, and under my protection. I have given my word that no harm would
  befall the two he claims. So it is his right to see you punished for your error."  
 Torin had been ready for Azrael to punish him. Accepted that even as he
  completed the tie, but the thought of someone else touching him frightened
  him. Azrael would never do his true damage. He knew this. But the other, angry
  with what he would see as a theft. "Will you let him kill me, Master?"  
 "Of course not. She would die, he would never do that." Azrael looked down
  at him appalled. "Tori, precious. You were wrong. Erred greatly. But you did
  not harm her, or take her soul with malicious intent. You sought only to heal.
  I will make sure Gabriel understands this. Beat you, probably. Take you to
  the dungeon, maybe. But kill you, never. Now finish what you have begun. The
  child is a mess, take my power and heal the wounds of her body. Then we shall
  see what my Kin demands as justice."  
 Azrael watched as Torin moved to sit beside the girl. It was the first true
  mistake the boy had ever made. But he knew that he should not be surprised,
  Torin's training was moving into areas that due to their, complexity, gave
  him ample opportunity to stumble.  
 "Hi," Torin extended a hand to her. "I'm sorry about what I did. Will you
  let me finish healing you? I can't screw up worse."  
 "What the fuck did you do to me?" There was no way in hell she was getting
  anywhere near him. "Don't touch me." She pulled away.  
 "Robyn." Azrael reached for her, pleased that she still trusted him enough
  to let him gather her close. "Please believe me, Torin meant no harm. He is
  young, and you are so like him in your abilities. He went too far into your
  being during your healing. He has soul-bonded to you. The two of you have become
  one. He had no right and no reason either than he loathed risking your health.
  For had he pulled away without completing the link once started, you might
  very well have died. Would have been soul crippled for certain. Lost your powers
  and been nothing but head blind for the rest of your short life." He felt her
  tense. "He will pay for what he has done, this I promise. But for now, please,
  child let him heal the wounds on your body. Then we will seek out your protector
  and see what he demands as payment for the wrong done to you." He made shushing
  noises as he pressed her back into Torin's arms. "Trust me Robyn, he will violate
  your soul no more."  
 Torin looked at the bruises on Robyn's face. "Close your eyes Mistress.
  I will be quick." Someone had gone to great lengths to do as much marring without
  any real damage as possible. 'She should have been in a hospital'  .
  He thought angrily to himself as he healed the marks on her face. What were
  the doctors who saw her thinking of?  
 Robyn watched as he lifted her shirt. Too much had happened. Her mind was
  in a whirl. But even though she knew what he had done to her was wrong, she
  just couldn't seem to gather up the strength to be angry.  
 "Oh, damn." Her face was bad, but the sight of the fist shaped bruises that
  covered her chest and abdomen sickened him. "Somebody is going to pay for this." He
  swore as the marks faded.  
 "Yes pet, someone is. Megel has already given Gabriel his word that he would
  help him track down these monsters and seek Kin justice. Is she healed?"  
 "Yes, Master." Torin kept his eyes down. Azrael wasn't angry with him at
  the moment, but it wasn't a good idea to test it. "If you will take her, I
  will go explain my wrong to her master, her friend."  
 "I can stand up and walk, thanks just the same." Robyn struggled to stand
  up. "Answer me a question Azrael." She stopped. "I can call you that right?"  
 "Yes, dear. Now what is your question?"  
 "What happens now? Is this soul-bonding thing like soul mating? Am I stuck
  with him for the rest of my life? What about Zak and Will? Do I have to become
  one of you now, what?"  
 Azrael couldn't fault her, her questions. Was even surprisingly pleased
  with them. She deserved to know what was to become of her now. Nor did he relish
  the thought of answering her questions. "It depends on you, precious. No one
  can make you accept the bond. You can refuse to complete it on a physical level.
  But I must warn you, that if you refuse, then much of what will happen, you
  have little to no control over. Torin is to become my Childe. Unless you are
  willing to complete the tie, and at least become blood-bonded to one of us,
  I dare not give him the Gift. You would not survive his transformation. So
  I would eventually loose my Chosen, for you would continue to age, and when
  you died, so would he."  
 Robyn looked at him in anger. "Hold up here, now. I didn't do anything,
  remember, he was the one that caused this fuck up. So quit trying to lay a
  guilt trip on me. It's not my fault he screwed up. You can't make me feel sorry
  for him."  
 "That is true. I cannot. But I can make you see what is to be life for you
  now. You need training; your powers will be greater than you ever dreamed now.
  Even without the completion of your tie. I am the only one here what with Torin
  being my Chosen that can train you. Without that training, you will not be
  able to stay here, or be anywhere near another Mage or vampire, you will drive
  them mad." He saw and heard her next thoughts before she could voice them. "No,
  I will not hold your training in ransom. You are right, you did no wrong, and
  deserve no punishment. I will train you regardless of your choice." He touched
  her cheek. "But child, will you be able to be near Torin, work with him, live
  in the same house with him, and not finish the tie. Look at him. Feel that
  which is between the two of you now. Can you live with it only half complete?"  
 Robyn looked at Torin; she didn't want to care. He had messed up her life.
  First Adrian, and now this but as she looked down at him, saw the guilt and
  the pain in his eyes, it was like something inside of her twisted and she could
  feel what he felt. The horror of his actions, the resignation to want ever
  was to come, and his need for her forgiveness and understanding. "No," she
  turned away. "I don't want this, I want to go home." She was ashamed as she
  broke down into tears. "Please, Adrian is dead, and now."  
 "Let us go upstairs, perhaps together with Gabriel, the three of us can
  decide what is the best option for all concerned." He rose, holding out a hand. "Come
  child, let us go see your love."  
CHAPTER 10  
 Zak and William looked up; worry and hope clear in both their faces, as
  Azrael and Torin led Robyn back into the room. Zak had gone to great lengths
  to, calm, William, thanking Michael's forethought with the liquor. "Robyn?" He
  rose, reaching for her. 
 She went into his arms, feeling the press of his chest and the strength
  of his embrace. "I'm all right now," a whisper. "I can accept it, or can until
  you get the bastards that did this." She turned her eyes up to his. "You will
  get them right, Zak? The cops won't find them. I don't care what Daniel said.
  They can't touch these guys, but you will. Won't you?" Her voice was practically
  begging, pleading with him to see justice served. 
 "My oath, they will die. I will rip them limb from limb for you. And they
  will know as they die, why and for whom." The trust and total faith in her
  eyes touched him. She needed him now, more than she had ever needed anyone
  in her life. William and he were all she had left. And he would see that she
  never felt lonely again. Never needed, anything; or at least not for long,
  ever again. 
 "Gabriel." Azrael was no fool. It would only be a matter of time before
  the younger vampire felt the change. Better to tell him now, while he was still
  grateful for his pets healing. "Childe, we need to speak, there has been an
  accident." 
 Zak looked down at Robyn, "accident?" What could have happened? She felt
  better. Then he opened himself to her, reading her heart fully--. "No." He
  couldn't believe it. "What happened? You said he was going to heal her. That
  she was safe." She would never be his now, her soul no longer free. "You have
  stolen what no one had the right to take. She is mine." 
 "Yes." Azrael pulled Torin close. "You are correct. What my Chosen did,
  he had no right to do. The girl does not belong to me. But he erred in judgment,
  not in intent. He healed her. She is whole again. But the healing took him
  too far in. He could not pull away without killing her at best, at worst leaving
  her half alive." 
 Zak held Robyn. Fear and anger radiated from him in waves as he faced the
  older vampire. "How can you say this is an accident? I am many, things but
  a fool is not one of them, and I trusted you. You are my Grand-Sire. I have
  a right to believe that your word is good. But now," there was no mistaking
  the accusation in his tone. Both Robyn and William were Mages, Mages a thing
  all the Vampyr valued. And now, she would be his no more. "Why, was the promise
  of another Mage so great? Will you challenge me for William too, you will have
  to, and I have taken him as my husband. Am I to die at last, by my own Lines
  hands?" 
 Azrael was speechless. Zak thought him responsible for this. Believed that
  he had done this to steal the girl from him. "Gabriel, no, how can you think
  this." 
 "How?" Zak moved slowly, reaching for William. "Beloved, take our girl here,
  hold her. Let no one touch her. I will protect you. This is not a safe house." The
  fear he saw in William's eyes almost drove him past all control. He would die
  here, and his two would be slaves. 
 Azrael watched as the, younger, vampire prepared himself. "I will not fight
  you Gabriel. I wanted neither of your two. Torin made a mistake. He will pay
  for it, is ready to accept any punishment you deem he deserves, save death.
  But I will not lay a challenge or accept one from you." 
 Michael laid a hand on Azrael's shoulder. "What happened?" 
 "My Chosen has taken her soul. They are soul-bonded. Gabriel believes that
  I would do this, that I want his two." This was not going at all as he had
  hoped. "He knows you Megel, please try to explain this to him." 
 Michael whistled softly. "That is not an easy request Azrael. Had it been
  Jason, I can't swear I wouldn't feel the same." But he knew Azrael would have
  never played anyone that way. "I'll try, but." 
 Zak looked at Michael. Michael understood what had happened. His words were
  something of a comfort. "Uncle, you swore to my Sire, that should anything
  ever happen to him, that I could seek protection from you." 
 "Yes, and I will protect you, and all you claim. But Gabriel, my Sire would
  no more have willingly cheated you out of your love than I would. If he said
  it was an accident, then you must believe him. You're a Mage yourself, you
  know how easily things can be taken too far. Look at the boy, he's terrified." 
 "He has stolen her from me. Taken away something that she could not afford
  to lose. I swore I would care for her, protect her, now? If this is the best
  I can do, she is better off without me. They both are." 
 Michael shook his head. Zak was young, afraid, and confused. This was not
  a good time for this. How could Azrael let this happen? He thought to himself.
  Was Torin really that good? "You are wrong. Even if you have lost her, without
  your being there, she would have died of grief. Or worse yet, those that killed
  her brother, they might have chosen to come and finish off all those who know
  anything about them and their crime. But good or no, you must calm down. Azrael
  refused a challenge, and if you lift a hand to him, it will be I you face.
  Will your pets fair better with you dead? Does this cut at you so greatly that
  you are willing to make your husband a widower and me the executioner of one
  of my own Line?" 
 Zak looked behind him at Robyn. He had just met her. She was so new to them
  and their ways. How could he just turn her love to another? But Michael was
  right. There was nothing he could do, and his death would not avenge the wrong
  done to her, or undo the pain she felt. "I bend." His voice sounded defeated. "So
  Grand-Sire, what is it that you suggest?" 
 Azrael sighed. The threat was over. "First, reassure your two that they
  are safe. Then we shall decide what is best for all concerned." 
 Zak turned reaching for William. "It's okay baby, I was wrong. No one will
  harm either of you. Relax, you know me, you know how we are. 
 "What happened to Robyn?" William couldn't decide whether he was angry or
  frightened. "What did they do to her?" 
 "The boy, he is like you two, a Mage. When he healed her, he went too far.
  He and Robyn are linked now, one soul in two bodies. She belongs to him now,
  as much as he belongs to her. You and I will have to be willing to give her
  up." 
 "No." Robyn pulled away. "I don't want him. I won't go, do you hear me.
  No one can make me." 
 Zak closed his eyes at the anger and pain in her voice. She was right. No
  one could force her to finish the link. But if she didn't, the need, the pull
  would drive her mad. "You can't fight it Robyn. He will pull at you just as
  you will him. It's only a matter of time before you break. Why suffer?" 
 "Oh Ga'damn." She was so confused. "You just going to give up? I thought
  that there was something between us. You said you loved me. I believed you." 
 "And I do. But I also know that there is no amount of love I could ever
  offer you that will ease your soul as long as it is apart from its other half.
  If you choose to fight this, I will stand beside you, help you along as best
  I can. But baby, you will give in. I'm sorry, I should have been there, should
  have protected you." Her body pressed against his. He could feel the tremble,
  smell the fear, and the confusion and pain that battered at his mind without
  relief. "What do you want me to do precious? Do you plan to refuse, or should
  I step aside? Name it, I will back you." 
 What to do, everyone made it sound so easy, like she could just throw out
  a decision without a thought. "I want to stay with you and Will." There was
  no way she would just drop the first bit of true contentment she, had, had
  in years. 
 Zak nodded. "Sorry Grand-Sire, but Robyn chooses to remain with me. I know
  that eventually she will leave me, she has really no choice, but for now, I
  will safe guard her life and her freedom." 
 Azrael tilted his head slightly in acknowledgment. "So do you wish to punish
  my Chosen, or shall I?" 
 Zak looked at Torin, could he touch him and let him live? If he died, he
  would lose Robyn with him, and if he lived--, well she was angry right now,
  but when she gave in to the pull, no he dared not touch the boy. "Sorry Elder,
  but you must do it. If I touched him right now, we would both lose someone
  we love." 
 Azrael nodded. Zak was right it would be better if he did the deed. He had
  no personal stake in this. It was not his pet that had been so unjustly ripped
  from him. No, Zak was wise in his admittance of his own shortcomings. "The
  whip, or shall I torture him. It is your call Childe. Torin owes you greatly." 
 Zak looked to Robyn. "Baby, why don't you go with William, I'll have one
  of the mortals here take you elsewhere. You don't need to see this." The willingness
  of her response as he kissed her eased his heart. "I promise, soon, I will
  find a place that is quiet. Will and I will make you remember how much we love
  you. But for now, let me deal with the one that has wronged you." 
 "Gabriel, if it is easier, she can remain here, we can go to my dungeon.
  Maria, can give her a dose of my solution, she will be fine. Perhaps both need
  a shot or two. Megel can stay here with them. Surely you believe that he will
  keep them safe." Azrael looked at Robyn. "Do you still trust me child?" 
 "Yeah. You I trust." She looked at Torin, her feelings so confused. Part
  of her wanted to beat the shit out of him, and yet another part wanted to make
  the fear in his eyes go away. 
 "Will you remain with Megel? He will hold you both. Keep you safe. There
  is no one here that will harm you. I swear this." 
 "Can't I just sit with Will, I'll be cool, not make anymore of a fuss, but
  I'd rather be with him." The drug he gave her earlier still had a great effect
  on her, keeping her from breaking completely. 
 "Of course, you don't need to ask my permission to remain with your friend.
  You and I will talk later, I promise. But for now, drink what my girl gives
  you, and seek a quiet spot with your love there. We shall return soon." It
  still amazed him, she trusted him. Why he could not fathom, and when he reached
  out to gleam it from her thoughts, he still got her love for his Grand-Childe.
  She had thrown all her faith and belief into the two she called her lovers,
  and nothing would shake that faith. He was anxious to begin her training. One
  day she would be as great a Mage as Torin was to be. And once she allowed the
  tie to complete and he could make her his as well, he regretted the pain that
  this was causing them, and he would have never dreamed of stealing what was
  another's, but when it came, he would prove to Zak that he could care for her
  as well as he had. 
 Zak led them both to a large chair, waiting till William had sat, and pulled
  Robyn into his lap. "Stay here. I promise, I'll take care of everything." He
  hated leaving them now. They needed him, his time and his love. "I love you,
  both of you. No matter what happens, remember that. I will always love you,
  and will be here for you if you need me." 
 Robyn watched as the three left the room. She had wanted to talk Zak out
  of leaving her, but she knew he would have refused. Her life was rapidly becoming
  something other than her own, and she couldn't figure out a way to stop it.
  And as she rested against William, she began to wonder if she really wanted
  to. Would it be so bad to belong to Zak, to be as much his, as, Will was. Would
  it help any if she asked to share the same tie they had. Could it keep her
  from losing everything or would that just make it worse? 
 Maria stood before them, two small glasses in her hand. "Drink this honey,
  it will help you." Poor baby, Maria's heart ached for her. First her brother,
  and now this she didn't even know the girl, but in her life with Azrael, she
  had learned to let her heart lead instead of her mind. And her heart knew the
  pain the girl before her must feel. 
 "What is it?" She looked at the red liquor in the glass. 
 "It's like sherry with a weird kick." William drained his glass. "Go on
  baby girl, it won't kill you. You could use a good drunk right now." 
 Robyn shrugged and downed the glass. "Does he plan to keep me doped up forever?" 
 "No, just till you can face all the shit that has hit you." William hugged
  her. "Right now, I'd rather the fuzziness of the drug to what I was feeling
  earlier." 
 The sorrow in his words touched Robyn. She wasn't the only one who suffered
  because of Adrian's death. "Hold me Will, I can't think right now. It hurts
  too much." 
 He felt the tears, even as he heard the first soft sob from her. And together
  they sat, oblivious to all in the room, and cried. 
* * * 
 Torin knelt beside Azrael as the door closed. He had never been here before,
  not even for play. This sort of thing never interested him, and for now, Azrael
  had not deemed it time to begin testing him. He prayed for a beating. Would
  beg one if they allowed it. The thought of being used here tortured and tormented,
  frightened him more than death. 
 "Torin, undress." Azrael touched his cheek briefly as he rose to obey, eyes
  dilating. "You will accept what is coming to you, here, and once it is over
  we will speak of it no more. You will not hold anything that happens here against
  either my Grand-Childe or the girl that is now your soul-bonded." 
 "Yes, Master." 
 "Gabriel, have you decided what is fitting punishment?" 
 Zak shook his head. "I want him to hurt. To feel even a little of what my
  pretty one is feeling, I don't care what you do to him. I just want him to
  suffer. 
 Azrael took Torin's hand and led him slowly across the room, to where a
  set of leather and chain manacles hung from the ceiling. "Lift your hands pet." 
 The cuffs bit into the skin of his wrists as Azrael tightened them, this
  was going to be hard, he, knew it. And once it was over, how was he to just
  let it drop. "Please." His voice sounded out as Azrael shortened the chain
  that hung from a hook in the ceiling, his body forced upward. He was almost
  dangling, there, now just on his toes. 
 "Be quiet, Torin." Azrael bent reaching for the shackles that would force
  his to hang, legs spread, and all weight on his wrists. "Do you wish him gagged,
  or screaming?" The blindfold fit snugly over his eyes. Denying him even the
  right to see what was coming. 
 "Let him scream." Zak was fighting with himself now. Yes, he wanted to see
  him pay, to know that he hadn't gotten away with doing what he had done to
  Robyn, without some payment. But could he stand by and watch anyone abused
  like this? He remembered the few times that Thorne had punished him, and how
  much, he had hated it. But discipline had to be maintained. 
 Azrael pressed against Torin. "I had hoped never to be forced to bring you
  here. You have always made me proud. Try to show me that you have the strength
  the accept your punishment as befits one of the Vampyr." 
 "Yes, Master." His arms hurt. The chains that held his legs were too short.
  He couldn't pull up to relieve the strain on his wrists. He would be forced
  to hang here, and take whatever was coming. "I love you." 
 "Yes Tori, I know. I love you too pet, now no more talking. Let us get this
  over with." Azrael moved to the wall, where several whips hung. He knew each
  of them well, and which would give him the desired effect. A long Cat was his
  choice. The six thumb thick thongs of braided leather would cause pain, but
  if he were careful, would not do more than bring welts. He could not bring
  himself to scar his Chosen. No matter what Zak desired. 
 "How many Gabriel?" Azrael shook the cat out, freeing the braids. 
 "If you plan just to whip him, twenty-five. If you have other thoughts,
  as many as you deem fit." Twenty-five wouldn't kill him. 
 "Oh I have several things planned." He would see that Torin paid for his
  wrong that Zak would never be able to say otherwise. For once he was finished
  with this, he would never allow Torin to suffer again in any way for this deed. 
 Torin's breath hissed in a sharp intake with the first blow. Fire lanced
  across his back. He had made a mistake, but he couldn't believe that his Master
  was going to do this. But reality hurt as much as the, next, blow as he realized
  that, yes, he was going to suffer. 
 He had fought to keep from crying out. Struggled with each blow. But as
  the ninth wrapped around his back, scoring his chest and nipples, he lost the
  battle. A short, cry slipped past his lips as his body stiffened. From there
  he could keep silent no more. Each, blow that fell after that, brought cries.
  His back was throbbing, his chest and upper arms sang in harmony with the torment. 
 Azrael worked the cat down his back, letting is wrap around his to mark
  his chest and belly as well. His Chosen's cries tore at him, but he turned
  a deaf ear to them and the pain in his heart. 
 The whipping suddenly stopped. Torin had taken twenty blows so far. He prayed
  that it be over, that his master had deemed his payment complete. But as he
  felt Azrael come near, and a hand on his manhood, his fears rose again. "No,
  oh God, Master, don't." Azrael wouldn't, he couldn't. A blow to him here, like
  this, it would ruin him. 
 "Silence." A twist of his wrist brought a scream from Torin. "I told you
  to be quite." Azrael's will slammed down on Torin's mind, no gentleness, to
  ease the dominance. "You will remain hard for the rest. And you will remain
  silent. If you fail me, I will make you wish you had never been born." His
  powers froze Torin's manhood in place, but the silence would be by his own
  will alone. Even in punishment came the lessons. He would have to take what
  was coming, and pray he could keep from screaming. 
 The first blow brought blood to his mouth as he bit down on his lip to keep
  from screaming. The braided thongs wrapped around his thigh, lacing his erection,
  the knotted ends slapping against him, lights in his head as the next fell,
  and the next. 
* * * 
 Robyn cried out as the tie between her and Torin suddenly flared and she
  knew what was happening to him. "No." They were killing him. 
 "Robby?" William fought to control her. "Baby, what's wrong?" 
 "Let me go, they're beating him." She struggled to get up. "William, they're
  hurting him." 
 "Who? That guy that hurt you?" William couldn't believe it. Zak wouldn't
  hurt anyone. "Robyn, talk to me." 
 "Torin, they're, oh 'Ga'Damn'  ." She won free of him. "I
  got to stop this. They can't do this to him." 
 "No Robyn." Michael moved to stop her. "You can't interfere. If you try
  to stop this now, you will have to be willing to accept Torin and your tie.
  You have already refused. You lost your chance to save him." 
 "Fuck you." She yanked her arm away before he could tighten on it. "I'm
  not responsible for this, you can't make me be. Now either you take me to him,
  or I'm going to go without you. You're own word that you wouldn't hurt us." She
  faced him, daring him to try to stop her. "The only way you're going to stop
  me it to hold me down, and believe me, I'll make sure you have to hurt me to
  do it." 
 Everyone in the room stared at her in shock. She was daring Michael to use
  force. David moved to put himself between her and Michael before the Elder
  could react. "Megel, don't." 
 Michael didn't know who to be more shocked at. Robyn, who practically was
  begging to be put in her place, or David, who believed he would be the one
  to do it. "Relax Vincent. If she is determined to do this, I won't stop her.
  She is Gabriel's pet, let him deal with her." 
 "You gonna take me?" She could feel Torin's pain, and the part of her that
  was now part of him screamed with horror. "Please Michael. They're hurting
  him." 
 Michael smiled at her softly. "Yes, Robyn. I will take you. Just remember
  what I said. The only way you are going to be able to stop this is with your
  agreement." He took her hand. "Be prepared to make the choice." 
* * * 
 Azrael caught him as the manacles were released. Torin could no longer stand
  on his own "speak to me pet. Are you still with us?" 
 "Please." The sob ripped from him. The very contact of flesh on his back
  and chest brought more pain. "Forgive me." 
 "I have. I will blood brand you now pet. After that, if my Grand-Childe
  is satisfied with your punishment, I will allow you to heal yourself, and hold
  you." He bent and kissed him. "The pain is almost over." He laid him on a table,
  hushing a cry of pain as Torin's back touched the cold top. "Soon precious,
  soon." 
* * * 
 A sound at the door drew his attention, as suddenly it was thrown open. "Megel?" 
 "Forgive the intrusion Azrael, but the girl was suffering with him. She
  insisted I bring her here." He smiled. "Threatened to force me to have to harm
  her to keep her from him." 
 Robyn ignored the three as she moved towards Torin. "Oh damn--damn you both" She
  couldn't believe her eyes. Welts covered Torin's chest and groin, his erection
  still present and blood, ran, from several welts that had broke the skin. 
 "Mistress, please." Torin looked at her, eyes begging. "You can't be here.
  Please I, hurt you, I deserve this. Please." 
 "No." She turned to Azrael. "How can you do this to him? You are supposed
  to be his friend." They wouldn't touch him again. Of this she was certain. 
 Azrael shook his head. He should have known she would try something like
  this. "Robyn, you can not stop this. Torin has to be punished. I cannot allow
  Gabriel to hold this over his head. I must make certain that he pays for his
  deed." 
 "Over my dead body." They weren't moving her. "Zak, please. Stop this." 
 "I can't. You refused him. He took from you something he had no right to.
  And you were asked if you wanted him, and you refused. He has to be punished.
  We just can't allow this sort of crime to go without it. Go back to William,
  it is almost over." 
 "I'll do it." She looked at all three her body, still, between them and
  Torin. "Okay, I'll go all the way. But you aren't going to hurt him anymore." 
 Azrael moved slowly towards her. "Do not be afraid, dear." He took her arm. "Listen
  to me. You cannot do this not, like, this. You are asking to trade your life
  for his. If I allow it, you lose everything. Will you be willing to belong
  to him? Call him and the entire Vampyr master? No, let me finish what I must
  do. Hold on, once I am finished, if you still wish to complete the tie, then
  you may, and do so without loss. But if you insist on stopping this then it
  is you who must pay for his relief and it is with your own freedom. Go with
  Megel, he will take you to my workroom; place you under shields so that you
  no longer feel my pets pain. Just hold on for a few minutes more, and it will
  all be over" 
 She moaned shaking her head. She couldn't do it. She couldn't just walk
  away. It didn't matter if she didn't feel it anymore, she would know it, and
  that was too much. He was being hurt because of her. "You said it was an accident.
  That he didn't mean to do it." 
 "And it was, but he must pay for your life. Please, little one, go with
  Megel. Do not do this." 
 Robyn looked behind her, at Torin who lay there. He was hurting so much.
  Again she looked inside her self, trying to decide what to do. Was her freedom
  worth what he was going through? If she gave it all up, what would happen?
  She had just been willing to give it to Zak, but she loved him. Could she love
  this one too? 
 Real stupid question girl, 'he's your soulmate'  .
  She berated herself. She was soulmated to this guy, whether he meant to do
  it to her or not. There was nothing she could do to change that. But she could
  make the best of it. Learn to live with it. Maybe, if she was lucky, learn
  to be happy with it. But if she went with Michael, and let them finish torturing
  him, she would never be able to face herself in the mirror again. She wasn't
  like that; she couldn't buy her freedom with someone else's pain. "No." 
 "No, you will not give your freedom for his life, or no you will not leave?" Azrael
  hoped she would go. He did not cherish winning her to his Chosen and himself
  like this. 
 "I'll do it. Anything I have to, but I won't let you hit him again. If you
  do, it will be through me." Her chin thrust out just a little as she faced
  him. "I will hate everyone of you for the rest of my life, never trust you
  or work with you ever if you hurt him again." She turned to Zak. "I mean it
  Fang's, you hurt him anymore, I will hate you, I swear it. William will too,
  you know that." 
 Azrael held up a hand to stall Zak's protests. "Be very certain of your
  desires girl. For even though you are soul-bonded to my Chosen, it will be
  to me that you are given. I will be the one you answer to, until such time
  as Torin becomes full Vampyr. It will be my blood that you will drink, and
  my will and wants that you will submit to. Before you answer me, think. Are
  you sure this is what you want? So much has happened to you, your life is so
  full of grief right now. Are you thinking clearly?" 
 "Hell no, I'm not thinking clearly." She swore at him. "If I had been thinking
  clearly, I wouldn't be in this mess. But I am, so I have to do what I have
  to do. If I have to answer to you." She shrugged. "I'll just have to learn
  to live with it. I'm not real good at taking orders, but I'll give it a shot." 
 Azrael looked at Zak. "Gabriel, you have heard her. What is your decision?
  I cannot accept her without your release. She is yours." 
 Zak shook his head. "No Elder, she was never mine in the way you mean it.
  I love her. She is to me, almost, what William is, my friend, my love and my
  life. If this is her choice, I will abide by it. But Azrael promise me this,
  as long as I remain here, William and I will still be allowed to love her.
  He lost so much today too. I can't ask him to lose his best friend. Will you
  and the boy agree to this?" 
 "There is no mortal, or Kin in my house forbidden to love any other. If
  she chooses to continue her love affair with the two of you that is her right,
  I am no monster. I understand what this must mean to her, and what she is losing.
  Neither Torin or myself will ever deny the three of you your love for each
  other, or hopefully later, your love for us as well. So will you give up your
  claim to her to me?" 
 "Yes." He turned away. "I won't stop you, or protest. But please, but gentle
  with her. As you yourself said, so much of her life right now is grief." 
 "Always. I find no pleasure in hurting those in my care. If she misbehaves
  her punishment will be light and forgiveness quick." He smiled at Robyn. "Go
  pet, tell your love goodbye. For when you next see him, he will be your Master
  as well." 
 "You'll explain everything to Will right?" She let herself enjoy the comfort
  of his arms once more. "Make him understand, I gotta do this. Don't let him
  lose his shit over this. I'll be fine. I trust Azrael, really I do. I don't
  know how well I will be at being a slave, but I'm going to give it a shot.
  Who knows, maybe I'll find love like you and Willie have." 
 "I won't leave you. I promise. You heard you're," the word was hard, "Master.
  We will be together." 
 She closed her eyes, pressing her cheek against his chest. "I'm holding
  you to that." 
 "Gabriel, you go with Megel. I am sure your husband needs you now. I will
  care for Robyn. But for now, we need privacy." Azrael hated to have to break
  them apart. The whole thing ate at his soul. There should be a way to make
  it right again. But for now, he could not think of any. "Megel, see that neither
  he nor his love are left alone for now. Pass my word to the rest." 
 "Yes, Master." This was not how Michael had seen it ending. He hoped Azrael
  knew what he was doing, accepting her submission as such now. What would happen
  once the pain faded, and she began to realize what she had traded? "Gabriel,
  let's go, Azrael will take care of them both." 
 Zak hugged Robyn to him once more, imprinting in his mind, and heart, the
  feel of her there. For once he gave her up, she would never be his again. "Be
  good precious. Don't fight him. Let your Master do what he must. I will be
  there later, if you need to talk." He let her go. 
 "Tell William I love him." She wouldn't cry. She was doing what had to be
  done. It hurt, but she wouldn't cry. If she started now, Zak would never forgive
  himself. She knew this. "Talk to ya soon, okay." 
 "Go you two, I will see you both in a hour or two. I promise, she will be
  fine, Gabriel. And tell that boy of yours that if he wishes, he may sleep with
  her and Torin come light. I will hold off on giving him the Gift for a few
  days, let the two of them begin to come to terms with their new life." 
 "Come on Gabriel, you heard Azrael, he must begin to settle things. They'll
  be out soon enough." Michael gently but firmly took Zak into his arms. "We
  will be waiting for you, Master." And he led the heart-wounded vampire from
  the room. 
CHAPTER 11  
 Robyn stood there, lost for words as the door closed. She had just sold
  herself into slavery. For what so that the man who stole her soul wouldn't
  be, hurt anymore? She must be going out of her mind. She had just found love, 'real
  love'  , for the first time in her life. And she gave it all away. 
 "Tori, pet." Azrael helped him up. "I want you to heal yourself, take from
  me what you need to do so. I am going to take my new little one, and being
  to show her how her life is to be. Once you have healed yourself, come and
  join us. I will be in my chamber." 
 Torin grabbed his arm. "Azrael, Master, please. Don't hurt her, for me.
  Forgive her words if she has problems. It's my fault." He wanted to die right
  now. He had not only stolen her soul, but her life as well. She was to be a
  slave, had given up all freedom for him. "If I mean anything to you at all,
  promise me you will be patient with her." 
 "I will, precious. I will treat her the same way I treat you. I will be
  her Master, her teacher, and for now, her lover as well. Wait, you are fretting
  for no reason." He could feel Torin pulling power from him as he began to heal
  himself. "You take care of your injuries. When you join us, we will show your
  soul-bonded, how much love we can feel. My word Tori, I will care for her,
  and cherish her as much as I do both you and Morgan. For one day she too will
  be Kin. But she will be your Chosen, not mine. And as such my Grand-Childe." 
 "No." Torin whispered. "You'll have to do it. I can't, she is linked to
  me, and I could never push her out." 
 Azrael nodded. "This is true. Well we will work that out later, but for
  now, she is in serious need of some affection and understanding. Hurry pet.
  We will be waiting for you." 
 Robyn watched as Azrael came near. "Pet, are you all right?" Strong slender
  hands cupped her face. Tilting it up to look into her eyes. "You have nothing
  to fear from me Robyn. I am a gentleman. I will not harm you." 
 Robyn closed her eyes for a moment, trying to summon the courage to face
  him. "You gonna?" 
 "Yes, you and I will leave here, and go to my chamber. There I will blood-bond
  with you, and then I will show you that there is nothing to fear from my touch.
  I promise you pet, you will feel as loved and wanted as you have ever felt.
  Will you walk, or would it be easier for now if I carried you?" He felt her
  stiffen as he kissed her. "Do not pet. You made your choice, now you must live
  with it." 
 "I--I can walk." She trusted him, she knew she was safe, but she was still
  afraid. Zak had been so wonderful. She had trouble believing that anyone else
  could be as good to her as he had been. 
 "Master, remember dear, you must address me properly. I will allow you to
  use my name freely, in honor of the sacrifice you have made for my Chosen,
  but you must learn to call me master as well." 
 "M--Master." It took everything she had not to break. She fought to keep
  her control. It wasn't his fault not, really, she had agreed to this. She could
  have kept her mouth shut and let them finish with Torin she could have stayed
  with Zak and William. But she had chosen this. And since she had, she would
  accept it. "Sorry, Azrael, but the Master part will take me a while." 
 "I understand Robyn. We will work it out together. Now will you come with
  me?" 
 "Master." The word was but a whisper. "Can I talk to Torin for a moment?" 
 Azrael smiled at her. "Of course, but call him Tori, as I do. The only time
  anyone calls him by his full name is if he has behaved in a fashion that he
  should not have, or it is very serious indeed. Go on; talk to your bonded.
  I will wait." 
 "You gonna be okay?" She tried to sound at least a little cheerful. The
  guy had to be feeling like shit right now. She could feel some of what he did. "Don't
  do this to yourself. I am cool with it." She hoped she sounded at least a little
  convincing. 
 "Why?" He looked at her, his eyes searching hers. "Why did you do it?" 
 Robyn shrugged. "It was eating at me. I could feel what you were going though,
  and I just couldn't let it happen." She looked him over. Already his wounds
  were fading. "You're pretty good at this sort of thing aren't you?" 
 Torin took her hand, kissing it softly. "I will make it up to you Mistress,
  I promise. I will make it up to you." 
 "Hey now." She didn't pull away. "You got that in reverse there, kiddo.
  I'm the one that has to Master and Mistress everyone now. Not you." 
 "No." Torin shook his head violently. "Don't you ever call me Master. Azrael
  has that title, not me. Call me Tori, like he said. But never, please, unless
  you hate me. Never call me Master." 
 Robyn nodded. "Cool, no problem. And you'll call me Robyn, right?" He nodded. "I
  got to go with Azrael for now. See ya later?" She had given up her life for
  him. She was anxious to see if it was worth it. 
 "As soon as I am whole. It will only be a few more minutes. If my Master
  is willing to wait, I will be able to walk with you." He looked to Azrael. "Master?" 
 "Robyn, would you feel better if I waited? Would having Tori there when
  I bond with you make you feel safe?" 
 She turned from Torin, looking at him. "Would you mind Azrael? I would feel
  better. I won't argue if you'd rather not, but if you don't mind." 
 He came to stand beside them. "Precious, I will do what ever I have to do
  to make you feel safe. Yes, we will wait for Tori. Then the three of us shall
  go and be together." This time when he pulled her close and kissed her, she
  didn't flinch. "You will love my touch, of this I promise." He pushed he back
  against Torin. "You will never go without love again. Between Tori, and I,
  you will begin to grow. And once I have proven my honesty, you will have so
  many others who will love you." He could feel her tremble under his hands as
  he began to touch her. "Are you afraid of me pet?" 
 'Oh, Ga'Damn, were all vampires like this  ? She tilted
  her head to one side, letting Torin's mouth explore her neck as she returned
  Azrael's kisses. No  . Afraid wasn't quiet what she was
  feeling right now. 
 "Master." Torin looked up. "Let's go. By the time we get to your chamber,
  and you bond with her, I'll be whole again. If we keep this up, we'll end up
  staying here. Please, I don't want her first night with us to begin in the
  dungeon." 
 "Can you walk my love, or do I need to carry you." Azrael pulled back from
  Robyn. 
 "I'm okay now, just a few more of the worst marks to go. I can walk. Thank
  you." 
 "Then let us go. Robyn, will you come now? Does the prospect of our touch
  please you?" Seduction was an art, one that Azrael had been working on for
  over a three thousand years. "I want to hold you now precious, see you glow
  with passion." 
 Robyn kissed him, fully, feeling the coolness of his tongue as it enticed
  her mouth to respond. "Yes." She pressed against the hand that stroked her
  through her shirt. "Tori?" 
 "Right here, I'm with you baby." He slid from the table, pulling her from
  Azrael to hold her. "I won't leave you, not ever." 
 "Let us go. For if I do not hurry and get you both where I can hold you.
  We will shock the house by coupling in the hall." 
 Robyn didn't pay much attention to where they were going. She was too busy
  exploring how she felt about Torin. He had taken her into his arms the moment
  they left the room, and led her down the hall, still locked in the circle of
  them. It felt wonderful. She knew she should feel guilty at wanting to be there.
  She loved Zak and William. But she didn't. It felt right it was where she needed
  to be. 
 Azrael was pleased with her response to his Chosen. She was accepting her
  life. The bond between the two, helping, her to go forward. He would see that
  they were given not only ample time together, but with the others in his house
  as well. His new one was a physical child. She needed to be held, to be loved. "We
  are here." He opened the door, ushering the two in. 
 Robyn looked at the large bed, black silk sheets, and a promise of softness.
  There was nothing here that would scream vampire. Quite the contrary, the room
  looked like what any man, with refined taste, would choose for a bedroom. 
 Azrael pulled her away for Torin. "Pet lay down, finish your healing. Let
  me grant my little one here my blood and my life." He smiled at Robyn. "Will
  you allow me to undress you, or do you prefer to do that yourself?" He chuckled,
  when instead of answering she reached for the buttons on his shirt. "Patience
  child. First you." 
 Robyn felt the coolness of the air on her skin as Azrael pulled her T-shirt
  from her. "Ah, look Tori. She has rings, like Morgan." He batted at one gently. "I
  so love these. I believe I might have it done myself. Morgan has told me often
  how much more sensitive it makes her nipples." 
 "You would have to have Megel do it, or maybe Vincent." Torin lay on the
  bed, watching as Azrael undressed his bonded. "No human is going to be able
  to break your skin. But if you want it, I'll see about getting the stuff for
  you." 
 "Thank you pet." He looked Robyn over. She was such a lovely child. "And
  what is this?" Her hood ring poked out of between the lips of her sex. "Why
  you have one here as well. How is it you are so lonely pet? Your body is made
  and decorated for love?" 
 She shrugged. "Guess I scared too many men off. I like things that most
  folk don't. It's why I got the piercing's to begin with. I like them." 
 "But they must have hurt a great deal precious. Are you telling me that
  you prefer a firm touch?" He slipped out of his clothes with ease that spoke
  of several millennia of practice. "Lay down baby, I want to hold you now." 
 Suddenly Robyn felt shy. She was about to give herself to someone she had
  just met. It didn't matter with Zak, he was William's, and she had known, loved
  and been friends with him for a long time. Would she be able to do this? What
  if his idea of rough play was more than she could live with? Would he understand,
  or would he think she was some sort of pervert like so many of the guys she
  had dated before. 
 "You are frightened." Azrael lay beside her, Torin on the other side. "What
  has happened? Did my question of a firm hand disturb you? Precious, I will
  never do anything that you will not find pleasing." 
 "No, it's just." She looked anywhere but at him. "It's one of the reasons
  I can't seem to find a boyfriend other that William who I can handle. So many
  of the guys I have dated, either thought I was sick, or decided that just because
  I like to play hard, that they could fuck me over." 
 Azrael pushed her back into the sheets. "You are submissive, are you not?
  That is why giving in to me was easy for you. Your trust for Gabriel made it
  possible for you to trust me. I am one that you can submit to." The sigh that
  escaped her, as his mouth lowered and devoured a breast, was sweet. "The truth
  pet. If I made you my slave in my bed, my pet and plaything, would you welcome
  it? If I promised that you would find pleasure here, that I would never do
  more than just test your limits, would you welcome that?" His mouth moved to
  the other breast. "Would you submit to Tori and I?" 
 She moaned. Could it be really happening? Would fate smile on her just once? "You
  don't think I'm sick?" 
 Azrael laughed. "Child, I am almost four thousand years old. I have seen
  more in my life than you can imagine. I long ago gave up on the standard expectations
  of society. What two, or three, or five, or how ever many people do, to and
  with each other to show love and bring pleasure is good. I promise you, if
  you need to submit, here is the place to do it. You will have to bend to all
  the Vampyr here anyway. Shall we make it worth your time?" 'Such
  a fiery thing, and yet she was submissive. Oh well, everyone sought to balance
  themselves out one-way or the other'.  
 "Oh," the sharpness of his teeth against her nipple sent pulses of sensation
  through her. "I--if you--" His mouth found her neck, tongue tracing the line
  of her jaw. "Yes, Master." 
 "You will not be disappointed pet, I promise. Your trust will be well kept." He
  kissed her once more. "Will you be mine now? Offer me your throat, accept my
  hunger as well as my blood?" His fingers parted her legs, seeking the secret
  that lay there. "I have excited you already." The pleased, smug tone to his
  voice was one of superiority. The wetness of her sex spoke of her need. "Shall
  I take you now, before, or should I wait and let Tori bond first?" He turned
  to his Chosen. "Are you well now pet? She is your bonded, your mate. Do you
  need as badly as she?" 
 Torin had laid there, listening to their words. Did he need her, how could
  Azrael ask that? He had needed her since he had stumbled to far and had been
  forced to soul-bond with her. "If she needs this as badly as I do, I would
  die to hold her." 
 "Then come pet. Your mate needs to complete the link the physical grounding
  that should have taken place at the bonding. I will be patient. I have you
  both, and have all of eternity to explore my newfound joy. Allow me to watch
  as the two of you finish what you have started." 
 Robyn didn't protest as Azrael pulled away. She was too caught up in the
  prospect of seeing where all this would take her. She would have what she wanted,
  finally. Not even Zak had been able to do this for her. The damage to her body
  had prevented anything other that the lightest and most delicate of play, but
  now. 
 Her whole body stiffened with Torin's first kiss. It was as if suddenly
  he was inside her and, she him. Not only could she feel with her body and feelings,
  but also there was a strange overlay of feelings that seemed to come from the
  young man in her arms. She could feel his enjoyment too. He oldest fear died
  then. She would never be alone again, ever. 
 "Robyn," Torin's voice was an agonized whisper. He had no idea what touching
  her would do to him. But now that he had, he needed to take her. Needed to
  feel her beneath him. "Baby, I--I'll make love to you again, as many times
  as you want, but I have to. If I don't finish this, I'll go crazy. Let me." 
 He didn't give her time to answer as he parted her legs and moved to fill
  her. He couldn't have stopped himself, even if she had protested. But the cry
  that escaped her with his first filling thrust, removed all fear of rape, she
  wanted this as much as he did. Her sex was wet, and he could move without fear
  of pain. "Oh, damn." He had believed that when Azrael had made love to him
  the first time that he would never find greater joy, but now, as his heart
  and soul went to join his body, he knew that he had been wrong. 
 Legs lifted, fitting over his hips as arms pulled him close. He was stunned
  at the strength of her grip. It was as if she were with the single-mindedness
  that only a lover could have, trying to pull him into her. And as they began
  to make love, he could for the first time, understand what it was like for
  a woman to have a man love and make love to her. For he did, and she was so
  open to him he couldn't separate his sensations from hers. All feelings rose
  and blended, till soon neither could tell where one ended and the other began. 
* * * 
 Azrael watched on. The joy they shared reaching out to include him, he had
  never dreamed that a soul bonding would be this all encompassing. He began
  to get the sneaky suspicion that if Torin had not stumbled too far with her
  in her healing that they would have bonded anyway, the first time they made
  love. 
 Robyn had no idea how long they lay there together, locked in passion. Time
  no longer had meaning. But as she came back to herself and to the man with
  her, she suddenly realized that this was where she was supposed to be. Her
  whole life had been a preparation for this. "Wow." She grinned up at him. 
 Torin laughed at her. "Yes, that about sums it up, though I was about to
  use your own words to describe it. 
 "Ga'Damn?" She was grinning like a fool. 
 "Those words exactly." If he never touched another person in his life, but
  her, he would never complain. "I think I'm falling in love." 
 "Falling?" She giggled. "Sugar, I nose dived about six orgasms ago." 
 "So you forgive me for taking your soul, for ruining your life?" He couldn't
  believe it. It was almost as impossible as her being here, with him like this. 
 "Forgive you? Tori, I thank you. This is where I want to be. Forget the
  rest, I have." 
 Azrael chuckled. "So I take it that the mating was as successful as the
  bonding?" 
 "Master," Torin grinned over at him. "If it were anymore successful, there
  would only be one of us here instead of two. Gods know she tried hard enough
  to devour me." 
 "Me?" Robyn laughed. "Like, maybe, you should take a good look at my neck.
  Trust me, you're well on your way to becoming a vampire." The look on his face
  threw her into a giggle fit. "Stop it." 
 "Stop what?" Torin leaned down and nibbled along the side of her throat. "Stop
  this? I thought you liked it." His mouth moved over her skin, reaching up to
  capture an earlobe, pulling on the top ring there. 
 "Yeah, but if you keep doing that, I'm going to have to do this." The muscles
  around his still sheathed maleness tightened. Another, giggle as he moaned. "What's
  wrong, I thought you liked it." 
 Azrael threw his head back and laughed. She would be fine here, would mix
  with those in his care well. "Hold." He hated to separate them, but if he did
  not, it would be morning before he had the chance to finish her placement. "The
  two of you will have centuries to play, but for now, Robyn, it is time. Let
  your mate go and give yourself to me." 
 "Master." Torin moaned softly. "A moment please, she--" 
 "I?" Again Robyn looked shocked. "Hey now, who is on top and who, and what
  is in where, don't give me none of this, 'she'  , shit." She
  looked over at Azrael. "What I think he meant was that right now, if he tried
  to pull away from me, he might just end of leaving part of his anatomy behind." But
  even as she smiled playfully at him, a hand reached to draw him near. "Seeing
  as he can't stop right now, maybe you should start." She pulled him closer. "Master." 
 "Answer me this." Join them, oh yes he would join them. "Has any man ever
  taken you anally, my sweet? Is that something you enjoy, or shall I be your
  first." 
 Torin twisted, pulling Robyn with him, so that he lay beneath her. The prospect
  of sharing this woman with his master was one that made his desires burn even
  brighter. Perhaps once she belonged totally to them, the three could explore
  all the avenues that were open to them. For though some of the sports that
  Azrael played had never interested him, with Robyn here now and her wants to
  consider, maybe now was the time. 
 Azrael moved to kneel behind her, body pressing against hers. "You never
  answered me Robyn. Do you want me, here, like this?" 
 "Please." Want him, how could he ask that. If she wanted him anymore it
  would probably be bad for her health. 
 Azrael pulled away momentarily, reaching for his nightstand. "Ssshh," he
  hushed her questioning noise. "One moment precious. A firm hand is one thing." The
  small jar in his hand was all the explanation she needed. "But to harm you
  like this, and now." 
 Had it really been just last night when she met Zak? So much had happened
  in the last twenty-four hours. And now, she had always considered herself just
  a little wanton, after all, one does not enjoy the types of sex she was known
  for, and not be just little loose. But she didn't feel wrong. It was like it
  had been with Zak and William. She wasn't a, tramp she wasn't cheep. The rules
  were different here. Vampires weren't, like everyone, else. They just didn't
  see life in quite the same light. So as she lay over Torin, his hardness still
  making her feel so good as it throbbed within her, and Azrael, behind, whispering
  praises for her willingness and openness, she could believe that this was right,
  and that they both were telling the truth. At least for the "oh ga'damn." She
  moaned as a firm hand in the center of her back, pushed her forwards, and another
  gently parted her ass cheeks. 
 Torin's fingers stroked her face and neck as she sighed with pleasure. "I'm
  glad you like us." Again his mouth returned to her throat. "Cause, I am going
  to spend the next hundred thousand years or so, proving to you how much I love
  you." He could feel her tense as the combined sensations of his mouth and hands
  on her body joined the movements of both his hips and Azrael's fingers. "Does
  it feel good baby?" 
 Good  ? The word didn't even begin to describe what
  she was feeling. Nothing and no one had ever made her feel like she did right
  now. And as Azrael's fingers left her, only to be replaced by his own hardness,
  she wanted to scream out to the world her pleasure. 
 She opened to both, freely and willingly as they held her between them,
  she couldn't think or talk, she could barely breath. Torin would thrust up,
  filling her with his love, and before she could recover from the intensity
  of it, Azrael would move to do the same, even as Torin pulled back. They were
  timed, how was beyond her. How could any man show enough control to orchestrate
  their movements with another like this? But they did, a continual pull and
  push that set all her senses to burning as her nerve endings were teased and
  played till she was caught in a series of long, continual releases. 
 Torin pulled away, even as Azrael reached for Robyn's body, lifting her
  up to press against his chest. It was time; she would be his Master's now.
  But the thought didn't bother him as he watched Azrael's long, slow enticing
  thrusts change as he fed the passions he felt back into her. She was his, her
  soul as much a part of his as was his own body. He belonged to her as well,
  and together they would belong to Azrael, and he would grant them a life together
  that few ever dream possible. 
 Azrael pulled her long blue hair from her neck. The concept of anyone having
  blue hair amused him. He would have to let her keep it. But for now, there
  were other things to occupy his thoughts. "You become mine now precious." The
  muscles of her throat under his mouth flinched at the touch of his teeth. "The
  pain will be brief." And his thrusts became almost brutal as his fangs broke
  the flesh, and her sweet life filled his mouth. 
 Robyn screamed as her body was thrown into the blissful ecstasy of the combined
  feelings of the feeding and the painfully powerful thrust that drove her even
  farther down the path that she was now on. Surrender was hers; she gave in
  to it, welcomed it and held on to it as she gave her life up to him. 
 Torin was ready for Azrael as he finished. He had taken over the last several
  months to keeping a box of wipes in the drawer. Sometimes neither of them remembered
  to bring a washcloth to clean up with, and even though the taste the wipes
  left was not the greatest in the world, it beat the hell out of the alternative. 
 When he had first started sleeping with Azrael, cleaning his master afterwards
  had embarrassed him. But now, it was part of the play. "Hurry; Az," he used
  Jenna's nickname for him. "I want to be where she was." 
 "Soon love." He gathered Robyn close, pleased to see that there was no fear,
  no tears, or shyness. She was still open to them, still willing to explore
  all the desires she had. "Are you ready for me now pet, will you drink from
  me?" 
 "Hmm?" She tried to focus on him, but her whole world was hazy. Between
  the drugs and the overload of sensation she had just experienced, thought was
  hard. "Drink--yeah--now." 
 "Tori, hand me my knife pet. Let us see how much she enjoys the final step." He
  smiled down at her as he pulled her from his chest. "Wait sweetheart, you will
  be back in my arms soon enough." The knife pressed against his chest, over
  his left breast, severing the artery there. "Drink Robyn, be mine." 
 Drugs had never been high on Robyn's list of recreational activities, but
  the few she used didn't come near comparing to the power that flowed into her
  as she caught the blood running down his chest. Or the wave of pleasure that
  just added to what she had already felt, sending her back into the heat of
  release. Was there anything he could do to her that wouldn't feel good? 
 Azrael held her, even after his wound had closed. She had done as well with
  her surrender as Torin had. Both had done so freely, without so much as, a,
  moment's coercion, "you are mine now dear, as much as you are your mates. And
  one day, you will be my Childe, just as he will be. It is my gift to the two
  of you. You will have eternity to share you love." 
 "Cool, whoever said that love doesn't last forever, obviously never met
  a vampire." Her body hummed with contentment. "Azrael?" 
 "Yes precious?" 
 "Zak is still going to get the guys that killed my brother right? Just because
  I'm not with him, and, Will anymore doesn't mean they get off, does it?" 
 "No sweet, Gabriel will still see to it that they die for the pain they
  caused you. My Grand-Childe loves you sweet. As much as you love him, trust;
  let your pain find solace in that. The beasts that did this will never harm
  another person again. Now do you need to go to them? See that they are well
  with this. Reassure your young friend that you are safe. I trust Gabriel knows
  that no harm will befall you in my care, but William does not know me as you
  do." 
 She looked up at him. "You don't mind?" 
 "Mind, child this is my house, you will be here for a long time. We have
  all the nights either of us could possibly want. Besides, I spend more time
  dallying with my pets in my other chamber than here. I spend most of my time
  when within these walls asleep." 
 "But, there are," he didn't mean to tell her that he did this in public. "In
  front of everybody?" 
 He chuckled as Torin bit back a laugh. "Robyn, here, within my lair, there
  is not a mortal pet alive that is not willing to share themselves with anyone.
  You will welcome any and all to you, as freely as you have welcomed my pet
  and I." He cupped her chin. "Will you fight me on this?" 
 "No." Her surrender was more complete than she thought. "Is this part of
  what you meant when you told me I would have to with all the Vampyr?" 
 "Yes precious. Unless I say otherwise, you will bow to any of my Kin. Obey
  their demands and welcome their love. But I will, not, have you broken. I happen
  to love your bright fire. And I shall go to great lengths to see that it is
  not extinguished." He felt her press against him, a small tremble in her body. "What
  is this precious, are you afraid?" 
 "How long?" Would she spend the next century or two or five, as his slave? 
 "How long do you submit? Precious, your own needs are what I am striving
  to see filled." He cupped her chin. "We are talking bed sports here Robyn.
  You are as slave to me, yes, but that is only because you are my Chosen now.
  But you are also a pet of my domain share the rank of Chosen with both your
  mate and Morgan. All pets here mind Kin. But no one will abuse that privilege;
  you will be a pet in my house till such time as I make you my Fledgling. But
  the only time you become a slave, the slave your must be, yes I hear your fear,
  is when you are sharing yourself with either one of the Vampyr that reside
  here, or with your mate. And that is only because you crave it." 
 Torin laid a hand on her shoulder. "Wait baby, you'll catch on soon enough,
  just watch how the rest behave, and follow their lead. It's not so bad, you
  don't have to humiliate yourself or anything, you just show them respect." 
 "Well, shall we go, the sooner she sees that it is not the horror that she
  has convinced herself it is, the happier she will be." He reached for Torin. "I
  will see to you soon enough precious, I too would love to be where she was,
  locked between two lovers." 
 "Great, let's go." 
CHAPTER 12  
 Michael had never been quite so relieved to see his sire. Things had not
  gone near as peacefully as he had hoped. Gabriel was skittish enough by himself
  without adding, his, pets horrors as well. No matter what anyone said, the
  boy flatly refused to believe that Robyn was safe. "Ah, Master." There was
  something to be said for petty satisfaction. 
 William came up out of Zak's arms and met Robyn before she could get three
  feet into the room. "Did he hurt you?" The look he gave Torin promised murder. "Tell
  me Robby, did he hurt you?" 
 Robyn pulled away from him. "Did who hurt me?" She struggled with his hands,
  as they seemed to be everywhere. "Stop it." 
 William dropped his hands. She was okay, no blood, no marks. "Zak said that
  you had--" 
 "Bent to the inevitable." Zak stood behind him hand on his shoulder. "See
  love, I told you she was safe. So much has happened today, I was wrong in my
  accusations against my Grand-Sire, now do you believe me." 
 Robyn stepped backwards, into Torin's arms. "Will, calm down. I'm fine,
  a little shaky, but hell it's been one of those nights. Tori, isn't going to
  hurt me. Azrael would skin him alive." She looked over her shoulder at him,
  grinning. "If I didn't first." 
 Torin grinned back at her. "I'm much more worried about you eating me alive." The
  young Mage looked to William. "She's my soul-bonded, my mate. I know I should
  have never done what I did, it was wrong on my part, but all I can do is strive
  to make it up to her for the rest of our lives." He held out a hand. "She forgave
  me, will you?" He knew that he would have to make peace with this one. If he
  ever wanted Robyn to fully relax, to completely let go of the past, he was
  going to have to make friends with William. 
 William looked at the hand, and then at the man connected to it. Could he
  let it go? He had been so happy last night, with the prospect of spending the
  rest of his life with the two people he loved more than anything else in the
  world, and now--. "If you ever hurt her." His grip was firm in the shake. "I'll
  make sure I feed you a well done stake, got it." 
 Torin smiled softly. "Me hurting her is the last thing anyone should worry
  about. We're bonded William, anything she feels I feel. I don't happen to like
  pain. And to make matters worse, if I wronged her in any way, my master would
  see to it that I hated life. Believe that, you don't see any marks on me now,
  I healed them. But just an hour or so ago, he damn near skinned me alive for
  what I did." 
 "See." Joseph smiled smugly as he drew William's attention, as did several
  others in the room. Each had told him repeatedly that Torin was not that kind
  of person, that anyone of them was more likely to hurt someone than he was.
  Even Casey had braved notice and defended his friend. "I told you Tori wouldn't
  do her wrong." 
 "Enough, child are you satisfied that your love is safe now?" Azrael wanted
  to sit down, and unless he settled the three before him, he wasn't going to
  be able to. "Robyn is where she wishes to be. Tori and I will see that she
  is cared for and protected. You may lay your duty down now." 
 "Sugar," Torin squeezed her once. "I'm going to go sit with Az, you go play
  kiss and make up with your two. See you in a while." 
 Robyn took William by the arm, and pointed back to the love seat that he
  and Zak had been sitting in. "Come on, let's go talk." Her other hand reached
  for Zak. "You too." 
 "She's okay." William relaxed. "If she's up to giving orders, she's fine." 
 "I never doubted it." Zak tried to sound confident, but in truth, he was
  relieved to have her in his arms again. "Was your submission difficult baby?" 
 "Nah, this Master thing is going to take me a while to get used to, but
  other than that, it isn't much different than when I was with you. You guys
  have a way about handling things like this that just make them easy." She kissed
  him. "So what do I call you now? Is it Zak or Gabriel?" 
 "Zak is my name outside pretty one. Gabriel is my vampiric name, for those
  of my Kin. Though I guess I should get used to hearing it from mortals, with
  all the vampires here calling me it, they will pick it up." 
 "You don't much look like a Gabriel, so not calling you it won't be hard." Sitting
  here, cuddling between them was nice. All in all, with the exception of the
  death of her brother, her life had taken a weird but pleasant turn. She was
  about to suggest finding a quiet corner and jumping them both when her stomach
  growled. "Whoops," It was embarrassing. 
 Azrael looked up from what he was doing with Torin. "Precious, was that
  you?" 
 "Yeah, I haven't eaten since last night. I guess my body is just now getting
  around to reminding me." She, blushed, a little under his gaze. 
 "William, has no one offered you anything either?" 
 "Azrael." Maria looked up from were she sat curled with Mark and Morgan." I
  will have you know that both Val and myself have tried repeatedly to get that
  boy to eat. But he wasn't hungry, and his Master didn't argue with him. 
 "Tori, pet, perhaps you should take them both to the kitchen, there should
  be something there that they can eat. Gods know I pay enough to keep it stocked.
  One would think that in a house filled with vampires, there would be little
  reason to shop." 
 "Yeah," Morgan pulled away from Mark, waiting for Torin to get up so she
  could take his place. "But non-vampires outnumber you three to one around here.
  And if you want to keep up your diet, we best too." She kissed him. "Hi." 
 "One moment dear." He looked to Torin. "Go on, I am sure Gabriel will insist
  that his boy eat. And I trust you will see to your mate." 
 "Gladly." Torin wondered how long Azrael was going to keep grinding his
  new status into the ground. "Don't get too comfortable Morgan, I'm claiming
  him for the night. Robyn doesn't know anyone but he and I here yet, and well,
  she needs us." 
 "Go on with you, I'll just keep your seat warm. Mark is planning to sleep
  with Maria and Valerie tonight, so I have to get in some play." She flipped
  him the finger as he stuck his tongue out at her. "Besides, Azrael has been
  so busy tonight, neither Mark nor I have been able to pin him down long enough
  to take our nightly dose." 
 Azrael listened to them banter, as he looked around the room. The crisis
  was over; life was reverting back to normal. Unfortunately, normal, was now
  rather crowded and noise. He could well understand why Jenna had decided to
  take a vacation. 
 There were mortals everywhere, between his, Michael's, David's and now Selene's
  little boy and Gabriel's mortal husband, Morgan was right. They did out number
  them. All in all they were well behaved, sweet and cooperative, but still.
  He was going to have to renovate another part of the house for them. Build
  a playroom so that they all didn't have to be here. The rooms downstairs, he
  would remove a wall between two of them, perhaps three. That would give them
  enough space, that with furnishings, they would be content. The hard part was
  going to be convincing them that they didn't need to be around their masters
  every waking moment. 
 "Master?" Morgan looked at him; she had tried getting his attention twice
  so far. But he had this lost far off look in his eyes. "Azrael." Her voice
  took on just a slightly firmer tone. 
 "Yes." He came back to the world around him. "Forgive me pet, I was thinking.
  We really must find a space for the lot of you. There are too many people in
  my room. I can't relax like this." 
 "Some of us were talking about that earlier." She squirmed around finding
  a comfortable spot. "Azrael, are you losing weight?" 
 "Some, I am not feeding as I should. Stress does that to a vampire. And
  you have to admit; I have been under quite a bit of stress the last few months. 
 "Well, we'll just have to see about that, now won't we." Morgan was the
  youngest, and least emotionally damaged of Azrael's pets, and Chosen. So it
  stood to reason that she was also the bravest in facing him. She reached for
  his head, pulling it down to her throat. "Eat, eat, you're nothing but skin
  and bones. What good are you going to do us if you waste away to nothing." Her
  voice was high pitched and through her nose, as she went into her Jewish Mother
  routine. Azrael could do nothing but rest there laughing for a moment. Trust
  his littlest to lighten his mood. "Go on Master, what you not in the mood for
  AB+ tonight, well how about O+ or O- or any combination of the three." 
 Her body seemed to melt under his kiss. He could feel her soften, and move
  closer to him. She wasn't a Mage, and she wasn't powerful, but he loved her
  as much as he loved any of his pets, and he would be proud of her as his Childe. "Nag,
  nag, nag." He muttered under his breath. Her next comment caught in her throat
  as his fangs sank home. She was right. He needed to feed more. 
 Morgan held his head there, moaning, "It's because I love you." 
 David sighed with relief. He had been a little concerned about the Elder
  vampire, and his tendency to not eat. "Remind me to get that girl a present." He
  whispered to Aaron. 
 "Present, hell." Michael commented. "If she can get my Sire to start eating
  more and relax some, I'll buy her the whole mall." 
 Morgan smiled as she felt Azrael pull away. "Feel better now?" 
 "I'm going to have to do something about that mouth of yours." She squealed
  as he tickled her. "Someday." 
 "You know I love you." Was her only defense. "And from here on, you're on
  a, pint a night, diet till you start looking better. Least that way, all of
  us will get a little of your time, and feel like we're paying our way." Her
  mouth was eager to close over the wound as Azrael cut himself. She had waited
  too long, just once, and had no desire to ever do that again. 
 "You know Master," David decided to add his two cents. "She is right. You
  keep letting yourself go like this, and the young ones who come here to seek
  refuge are going to think that there is something wrong. The only time I have
  seen anyone more gaunt than you, it was a Renegade." 
 Azrael growled. "All right, I hear you. It is bad enough, being nagged by
  my Chosen, but to hear it from my slave as well. I will see about making sure
  I take time out to eat from here on." 
 "I don't understand." Jason looked to Michael. "I know how you get when
  you don't eat, how come he can put it off so much?" 
 "I am old, child. As a vampire ages, the drive for blood is less, there,
  are, some that are so old that if they must feed once a year out of true need,
  it is a shock. Unfortunately, though I am old enough to not need to feed like
  the younger ones here. I am not old enough to escape the physical deterioration
  that comes with malnutrition." He hugged Morgan. "I will do as you have asked
  sweet. You are right; I am putting our more than usual, so I need to increase
  my intake. Thank you for caring enough to point this out to me." 
* * * 
 Torin stood in the doorway with Robyn, Zak and William behind him. "So,
  Mo finally got around to pointing out what has been the chief concern of everyone
  here." 
 "Not you as well." Was the whole house bound and determined to brow beat,
  him? 
 "Who me?" Torin chuckled. "I'm not very good at nagging, I tend to leave
  that to the girls. But yeah, I was getting ready to open a vein in front of
  you." 
 "Has my diet been everyone's favorite topic of conversation?" This was getting
  embarrassing. 
 "No sir." Torin bent kissing him. "Your tendency to not play as much over
  the last few months or so has been on my mind." 
 "Men," Morgan moved so that Torin could reclaim his place in Azrael's lap. "That
  is all any of you ever think about." 
 "Thank God." Robyn whispered to Zak. "Is that true. Is it all you boys think
  about?" 
 Zak picked her up, heading for the door. "Let me find an empty room and
  a bed, and I will show you what I am thinking about." He looked over his shoulder
  at William. "Coming love?" 
 "Gabriel," Azrael looked up at him. "I do not mind if you choose to play
  with my pet, but she can not leave the room. If you wish to spend time with
  her, take the bed. She must learn to accept her place in this house. You may
  come and go as you will with your boy, but for now, she stays here." 
 "Azrael." he didn't want to embarrass her. "Must I? You pets might be used
  to this sort of thing, but she is like William, and much more used to privacy." 
 "I understand that love, that is why she must learn my ways. No, if you
  wish to spend time with her, I welcome you. But for now, it will be here, in
  the room with me." He waved a hand around the room. "Look around you, she will
  not be the only pet so occupied." 
 "Love?" He looked to William. "Will it bother you? I know how different
  our ways are for you. If I took my pretty one here, and went to show her how
  much I love her, would you join us?" 
 William shrugged. "I could probably get over it. But what about Robby?" 
 Robyn looked over at him, a look of resignation, on her face. "I don't have
  a say in it William. It is part of my submission. If my Master wants me to
  do it here, I will. He's promised to give me what I want. I just have to accept
  how it comes." Her eyes sought Azrael's. "That about right?" 
 "Yes precious. You put it well. If Gabriel and his boy are still unready
  to accept your new life, I will see if perhaps Morgan, here, or Megel will
  let you be with them. It is too soon for you to be alone." 
 William looked around the room. What had he gotten Robyn in to? There was
  no way to undo the damage, but he couldn't just treat her like this. He loved
  her. "Zak, I can't. I mean if it were just you, and me I wouldn't care, but
  to use Robby like that. I can't." 
 "What's wrong William, I not good enough for you anymore." This was stupid.
  If she could cope, there was no reason for him to get prudish on her. "What
  happened? You didn't think a thing about asking me to join the two of you last
  night, and I had only just met him. How come now, that I have my own agenda,
  I'm all of a sudden too delicate to be exposed. I will be sleeping with everyone
  in this room. I've already been told this. You might as well get used to it.
  I'm damaged goods now, if I'm not good enough for you any more, Sir William, 'The   Good'.
  Well fuck you." 
 "Robyn." Torin was up and across the room, before anyone had an opportunity
  to respond to her words. "No, baby." Zak allowed him to take her out of his
  arms. "You're no such thing. I love you the way you are. I don't want to hear
  words like that out of your mouth again. There is nothing wrong with you. Damaged
  goods, like our master would have something that wasn't near perfect." 
 "Yeah, if I'm so perfect, how come my best friend won't touch me?" 
 Torin made shushing noises as she began to cry. "Honey, I'm sure it's not
  you. It's us. We are more than he was ready to deal with. Zak isn't like normal
  vampires, so he wasn't able to teach William how to act around them. I remember
  how hard it, was, for me those first three or four days. It's going to be even
  harder for him. I couldn't say, no. I had to obey my master, just like you.
  He is different. His master chooses to treat him as an equal, so he is able
  to think about what he wants instead of what his master wants. Give him a few
  days. You can go curl up with Megel, or if he doesn't mind, I'll ask Joey to
  be with you. He's my best friend here." 
 "It's not fair." She drew strength from her tie with him. "He's the one
  that talked me into accepting Zak, and then it snowballed into all of you.
  And now, he's acting like my new life isn't acceptable to him." 
 William looked on helpless. He hadn't meant for her to take it like that.
  It wasn't that he, didn't want, her, or didn't love her. He just couldn't treat
  her like an object. She might have accepted the position of one of the house
  pets, but that didn't mean he had to. "Zak?" 
 "It's not your fault love. I know how hard this must be for you. Give it
  time. You will see that she is happy with her life here. Can't you feel it?
  I do not know what my Grand-Sire has told, her or what agreement they have
  made, but she is at peace with this. Can you not let her be happy with her
  new life?" 
 William wanted to say yes, of course, he wanted to her be happy, but he
  couldn't. He couldn't accept that to be happy, she would have to live here
  be nothing more than some play toy for the Undead. "Rob, I love you, I'm happy
  for you if this is where you want to be. But I--" the frustration of his position
  was driving him mad. "--I can't. Please baby girl, understand, this is as new
  for me as it is for you. Your boy there is right, Zak doesn't behave like them,
  and I can't cope with this change. I'm trying, but." 
 Michael watched on, his heart breaking at the pain and betrayal he knew
  Robyn, must, feel. He so wanted to reach out and slap William. The boy was
  behaving like a selfish child. All the girl had wanted out of him was to be
  held and loved. If the boy couldn't see past that, get over such little things
  as not being alone in the room he would never make it here. "Jason." 
 "I'll take Amber and go find a quiet corner in a room somewhere. I know
  that tone. On the way out can I cold cock that asshole?" Jason, who had been
  the evening's entertainment more than once, found William's attitude to be
  really stupid. 
 "No beloved, though if he were one of the pets of this house proper, I would
  insist that Gabriel punish him for his thoughtlessness. But go for now, take
  Amber and seek a quiet space to do what ever it is the two of you do when I'm
  not looking. I'm going to see if I can talk Gabriel into letting Cain and I
  take her." 
 "I would like to join you." David shook his head. "I have made a few mistakes
  in my time here, but that boy will make my bumbling seem like complete perfection
  if he keeps this up." 
 Michael smiled grimly. David was right, unless Zak got his boy under control
  very soon he was going to be as great a trial as he had been. "Azrael?" 
 "Yes, Megel." The Elder vampire watched on, interested in seeing how Torin
  settled this problem. 
 "Vincent and I would take her. Let Gabriel deal with his boy for now. Robyn
  can come and be with us. If the youngster needs sometime to get a handle on
  things, so be it. But she should not have to feel neglected or unwanted while
  he does so. 
 Azrael nodded considering this. "Tori, sweet, bring my little one here." Yes,
  he wanted to make her see that no one else thought her place or position was
  wrong, but he didn't want to make William look like a complete and utter fool
  to her. The boy was a free mortal in a lair full of pets. It couldn't be easy
  for him. "Come here sweet." 
 Robyn let Torin pass her to Azrael. Everything was out of focus again. Why
  didn't William understand? This had been his idea. "I don't get it." She murmured
  into his neck as he held her. "What did I do wrong?" 
 "Ssshh," Azrael stroked her hair, calming her. "You did nothing wrong sweet.
  You must not let your, friends, confusion cloud you. He will come around; it
  might just take him a few days. Until then, you will just have to rely on others
  to give you what you need." He looked up for Michael. "Megel, I have an idea.
  Why don't we send all the pets on to bed? That way there will be none here,
  but Kin. Perhaps that would be helpful to her give her an opportunity to face
  her new life." 
 Michael looked from Robyn to the rest in the room. Yes, maybe his Sire was
  right. If all the mortals left, there would be less distraction. It was one
  thing, to have to bend to Kin, but with all these people, 'mortals'  ,
  here--. "I agree. An evening without confusion is just what the child needs.
  But Azrael, a suggestion, Selene's pet, Casey, let him stay with her. My little
  sister is still too shaky and the two of them seem to have found something
  of stability in each other." 
 Azrael looked to his newest Childe. "Selene, is Megel right? Have you and
  your new pet come to terms?" 
 Selene looked from Casey, who had spent most of the night beside her. Torin
  had helped him greatly the night before to relax enough to begin to trust. "Yes,
  Master. I would rather he stay with me. Torin is staying here, and so far he
  is the only one Casey will trust other than perhaps you and I." 
 Zak watched on. He loved his husband, but through William he had come to
  love Robyn as well. He didn't want to give up his time with her. But neither
  did he want to alienate his lover. "Sweetheart," he touched William's arm. "Do
  you want to stay here, or go somewhere else? I would rather stay and support
  her. But if you need me, I will be there." 
 William shook his head. "You go on and be with her for now. I know I'm loved,
  you promised me. I believe you. I'll see where I'm supposed to sleep and go
  on to bed. If I don't see you before tomorrow night, that's cool, I'll be waiting
  for you. Just please try to make her understand. I'm glad she's happy, I just
  can't get a grip yet." 
 "Are you sure? It's only a little after one. You haven't been up long enough
  to be tired. What if I ask one of my Grand-Sire's pets to stay with you. I
  don't want you alone right now." 
 Amber looked at Jason, rolling her eyes. "I don't remember any of us making
  such a fuss," she whispered to him. "Should we save the boy from himself, and
  see about teaching him how life around here is. He is not acting like a male
  in his place should behave. I know if he were you or Mark, you would be jumping
  at the chance to stay and join in the play." 
 Jason shrugged. "You know the old saying, it takes all Kinds." She was right
  though, maybe he should offer to let William come and be with them. He had
  more than once played a bridge between mortal and Kin. "Master." He moved to
  get Zak's attention. "If your friend doesn't mind. Amber and I would welcome
  him. That way he won't be alone." 
 Zak smiled at Jason. "Will?" He hoped William would say yes, this would
  give him a chance to begin healing. "Would you? I would feel so much better
  if you weren't alone." 
 An exasperated noise escaped William. "All right, you're going to fuss till
  I do aren't you. I'll do it, just please, let me get out of here. Robyn keeps
  looking at me like I've abandoned her." 
 "Good, I am glad to know that it is just Robyn and her situation that has
  you thrown off and not all the mortals here. I was worried that you couldn't
  live with them." Zak hugged his lover. "I promise you, it will get better.
  Give it a chance. I love you. I will always love you, but I love her as well." 
 Why couldn't he let it go? No one else seemed to think that what they were
  doing was wrong. William could feel the amused disgust from all of them. Why
  did Robyn's life and new choices bother him so? He knew what she was like in
  bed, what she got off on. This had to be the answer to all her prayers. And
  she had that boy too, someone that would be with her for the rest of her life,
  why couldn't he be happy for her. 
 Then it hit him. He was being selfish. He wanted to be the one to save her,
  to take care of her. He wanted her with Zak and himself. To have both the people
  he loved, together and with him for life. Guilt at his obviously unreasonable
  feelings knifed him. Well there was nothing he could do now but go, let Robyn
  get what she needed tonight, and maybe tomorrow he could get Zak to talk to
  his Grand-Sire, and get a chance to speak to her, to explain. "I know you do.
  I love her too. I'll see about getting my head on straight so that she won't
  feel like I don't love her. Give her a kiss for me will you. And I'll see ya
  later." 
 Amber had waited for William to say his goodnights to Zak before she moved
  to put an arm around him. "You come with us, we'll see about taking care of
  you. I know it has been a difficult night for all involved. Time to put it
  down for a while. Trust me, Jay and I will take good care of you, and Azrael
  will see to your girl there." She pulled him away slowly, smiling as Jason
  came up on the other side, adding his touch presence. "Come on, let's go to
  bed." 
CHAPTER 13  
 Azrael waited patiently as the room began to clear out. Robyn had lain in
  his arms silent during most of the discussion. But he knew that she was hurt.
  Well, time would heal all things, and he could give her something to keep her
  from sulking. 
 He looked at each of the vampires in the room. Michael, he trusted to be
  able to play her games, his own Chosen was much like her in this, his Childe
  Joseph the same. David and Anna would not be a problem; David had been above
  reproach since his stumble with Jason. 
 But as he looked to Lierin and Derrik, he wondered. Derrik had hurt Selene's
  boy badly. Had Lierin taken steps to get him under control? He had not stopped
  long enough to ask. "Lierin." 
 The young vampire turned to him. "Yes, Elder?" 
 "I haven't had time to inquire yet. Did you win?" 
 Lierin smiled smugly. "Yes, Elder. There will be no more problems from my
  husband." He looked at the one beside him. "Will there?" 
 "No Master." Derrik kept his eyes down. He had lost a challenge to his lover
  last night. Domination was established. He would obey Lierin in all things,
  or face punishment for his actions. "I will obey." 
 "Do you wish to remain and join us, or are you taking your boy there and
  seeking a quiet place. You are welcomed to stay, but he had best refrain from
  the activities that caused my adopted Childe's pet so much pain." 
 "Believe me Azrael. Derrik has learned his lesson. I vanquished him completely
  last night. He's been saying yes sir and ma'am to the mortals all evening long.
  Until he has paid for his actions, he obeys everyone. A little humility will
  do him good. Your new pet, your Chosen's mate, is safe from him." 
 "I'm impressed. I knew you had what it took to best him. I just never realized
  that he was that weak. Well no matter, I trust you to keep him in line. If
  he fails it is to you that I will come looking." 
 "He will be an absolute angel, I promise." It had been hell, the fight they
  had had, but once Lierin had been able to best him, things had fallen into
  place wonderfully. "Would you like to see how well he behaves now Elder?" 
 "Soon, but for now." He moved, forcing Robyn up. "Stand for me sweet. Your
  clothes are out of place here. Let the rest see how beautifully you have decorated
  yourself." He hushed her as she bit back a sob. "Girl, this will not be allowed.
  Close your eyes and gather yourself. For when you rise from my arms, to do
  my bidding, I want to see willingness. Show me how eager you are. Impress my
  Kin with your willingness to obey your Master." He would give her a minute
  allow her to decide to give of her own free will. "Come on now Robyn, do not
  force me to have to punish you so soon. Where is the sweet child I held only
  moments ago?" 
 Robyn rested there, trying to put herself back together. Why did he have
  to do this now? Couldn't he give her a few minutes to digest all that had happened
  to her? Why was he so determined to make her face the life she was going to
  have to live, all at once? She looked up, around the room, there were nine
  of them, and seven of them were vampires. Was she going to have to fuck all
  seven? 
 "Pet?" Azrael cupped her chin. "Are you going to obey me? Must I prove that
  I never lie? You must embrace this let it happen. No one will truly hurt you
  in anyway. The pain you feel, you will enjoy, the pleasure and warmth will
  be real." He looked to Torin. "Pet, go to the dungeon, bring my paddle, the
  small cat I have and the box of clamps." He felt Robyn shudder under him. "And
  in the chest, you will find restraints, bring them as well as one of the smaller
  collars and two leashes." 
 "Two Master?" Why would Azrael want two? 
 "Yes two, one for the collar, for when she obeys, and one for her bottom
  ring, for when she does not." The shuddering stilled. Yes, she understood exactly
  what was at stake. "Are you ready to obey now sweet? Will you stand before
  me, smiling, and join in the pleasure willingly?" 
 It took everything she had, to force a small smile on her face, to look
  up into his eyes, trying to seem as if she would bend. "Yes, Master." She had
  no idea if she was going to be able to do this, but she knew she had to try.
  She had seen Azrael's idea of punishment, and wanted no part of it. 
 Azrael helped her to stand. Noticing that she still trembled, ever so slightly.
  Well, he would over look it for now. She was trying to obey him. It would not
  do the throw such valiant efforts to the wind. "Take your clothes off precious,
  allow all to see what a lovely sight you are." 
 Zak watched closely as Robyn undressed. She was frightened. The smell of
  her fear was strong. But she was holding up well, all things considering. Perhaps,
  once it began, she would become warmer to them, and the willingness that she
  forced herself to show now, would indeed be fact. "Grand-Sire, have you seen
  the tattoo she carries on her inner thigh?" 
 "No that I did not see." He held out a hand to her as her pants came off. "Show
  me Robyn, I was not aware that you were marked." He laughed as she displayed
  the little yellow and black warning sigh. "I see, is that a warning pet, or
  are you advertising ease of entry?" 
 Robyn blushed. "Uh, ease of entry I guess." She held still as his hand reached
  to touch the mark. "What do you want me to do, Master?" 
 Azrael leaned back in his chair and looked at her. He would wait for Torin
  to return before beginning her play. But until then, "lay down on the floor
  pet. Open you legs. Let us all see the lovely decoration you have. Expose yourself
  for me." 
 The floor was carpeted, a fact for which she was grateful. She was already
  shaking enough, without adding a cold floor to the problem. She tried hard
  not to notice, as her legs opened, that each of them moved a little closer,
  staring at her with avid interest. "Like this?" 
 Azrael smiled at her. She was such a darling little pet. "Yes precious,
  that is the way. Now look at me. Do not take you eyes from me unless I say
  for you to. I want you to prepare yourself for our use, touch yourself for
  me, show, me that you are willing to be ready to take all that is in store
  for you. Masturbate for us." 
 She tried to focus just on his face. On the soft, smile, that touched his
  lips and eyes as she touched herself. Trying to forget all the others in the
  room. Part of her wanted to die right now, and yet another part, the part that
  she had spent too many years ashamed of, rose at the thrill of the ultimate
  submission. To obey without question, giving up total self for another. She
  was not surprised to feel wetness already, nor did the pleasure of both the
  feeling of her fingers and the fact that it was for her master that she performed
  amaze her. She had agreed to this, sold her life for the love that was promised.
  And now, here, with this man watching, she was beginning to live the reality
  he promised. 
 "Jason will love her." Michael whispered to Joseph. "Your little brother
  will find a friend in this one. We will have to do this again soon, and have
  him join her in her servitude." 
 "Jay will bust a nut." Joseph agreed. She was fabulous. The total openness
  that she was displaying, the obvious hunger that was there, waiting to be fed,
  stirred him. "If I ask, do you think Azrael will let me finish this for her?" 
 "Wait. I think he is holding off on letting us touch her until she is ready.
  Let her continue as she is for now. Soon enough you'll get your chance at her.
  We all will." 
 Azrael watched as her hips rose, a whimpered moan slipped past her lips
  as she came. "Open your eyes Robyn. I did not give you leave to close them." He
  wanted to see the hunger, the passion that was being awakened in them. "For
  that you will wear both leashes for a while, you must learn to obey me." 
 She bit back a cry, as again she looked at him. It was so hard to concentrate
  on what she was supposed to do. The humiliation of lying here, in front of
  them, fingers deep, inside, her, gave new power to the pleasure she felt. Her
  mind lost in the contemplation of all that would happen to her as she gave
  in. "Please." She fought to keep from looking down, from closing her eyes with
  pleasure as again the heat blazed through her, body spasming as she crested
  once more. 
 Torin had to fight to keep from throwing himself on her as he entered the
  room. All the way to the dungeon and back, her feelings had teased him. And
  now seeing her, like, this so open, so ready. If Azrael didn't let him take
  her soon, he would hurt himself. "Here Master. I brought the blindfold and
  gag as well. I didn't know if you wanted them or not." 
 "The blindfold will come in useful, but we will need no gag. She will remain
  silent if so ordered." He moved to kneel beside her. "Is that not correct,
  pet?" Her whole body reached for him as he gathered her close. "Lift your hand
  now, I believe you are ready for us." He took her hand into his, as with eyes
  still locked onto hers, captured her fingers with is lips and sucked her juices
  from each one. "You are more than just decorated for love precious, you taste
  sweet as well. I ache with the thoughts of what I will see done to you this
  night. Believe me my lovely one. When you go to your rest at light, it will
  be as my devoted slave and pet. All thoughts of life before this night will
  seem like a dream." 
 "Ah--" Robyn cried out, hips thrusting forward as Azrael's fingers found
  her, pinching the swollen knot, rolling it against the ring. Pain and pleasure
  exploded for her as he increased the pressure of his caress. "Master--I, oh--Yes!" 
 Azrael chuckled as Torin moaned with her. "What is wrong Tori, our little
  ones joy effecting you as well?" 
 Torin dropped to his knees beside him, reaching to press his forehead against
  his leg. "Please, Azrael, Master. Let me." He wanted to take her, to touch,
  to own. Each cry was like an electrical shock though his body. 
 "You are too eager pet. Enjoy the pleasure you are feeling. Don't end it
  so soon. Go see if Selene will let you borrow her pet, ground out some of your
  need into him. It will be a little while yet before she has earned the right
  to be with you." He shushed them both as they cried out in protest. "Obey me." 
 Torin fought to pull away. It was hell. He wanted to do nothing more than
  snatch her away from his master, to bury the painful need he had in her. But
  he obeyed, forcing himself to turn and seek out Selene and his new friend. "Mistress.
  May I ask for Casey? He, I--I need him." His body spasmed as Robyn cried out
  again. "Please Lady, I will do anything you ask, but I need." 
 Selene smiled at him. It wasn't hard for her, who had until just last night
  gone without joy for so long, to imagine what Torin was going through. "Go
  on Casey, he helped you last night, it's your turn to help him." 
 Azrael lifted Robyn into a sitting position. "Watch your mate pet, while
  I collar you, and prepare you for my pleasure, watch as your mate seeks to
  relieve himself." He lifted her hair. "You did that to him. Your joy and wonder
  were too much for my Chosen. I wonder if the boy will be able to ease him,
  or if he will be like you tonight, and go from one to another seeking peace,
  until at last I allow him to take you." 
 The coldness of the collar chilled the skin of her throat as it was locked
  there. But she barely noticed it. Her eyes were on Torin, who lay beneath Casey,
  crying out as the boy sought to give him some relief. She could feel the orgasm
  as it tore itself from him, his painful ecstasy, and the joy in which he received
  it. "Please." She pressed back against him. "Master, let me." 
 "Soon child. I will take you soon. But for now, lay back, let me give you
  what your needs beg for." He opened the small wooden box and lifted two nipple
  clamps from it. "Have you ever used these pet? I know you crave pain, have
  any of your previous lovers ever done this?" The clamp fit over her right nipple,
  bringing moans with each tightening of the screw. "Do you like it pet? Tell
  your Master, are they tight enough, if you want more, beg me?" 
 "No," breathing was hard. None of her boyfriends had ever used these on
  her. Clothespins yes, but these were new to her. "Please, Azrael." She reached
  up, kissing him. "More." 
 Azrael took her right hand into him. Kissing the palm. "You do it pet. Tighten
  the screw until I say stop." Now he would see if she were truly obedient. 
 It took her four tries before she could close her fingers over the screw.
  Her hands were trembling so. But finally she found it and was able to hold
  on. And with each shaking turn the pressure and pain in her nipple increased.
  She cried into his shoulder as the clamp bit into her flesh. How much more
  would he demand, would he expect. 
 "Enough." He felt the pain reach her breaking point, stopping it just before
  it was too much. "I am pleased with you." He bent, licking the exposed tip
  of her nipple, jabbing it with his tongue. Her gasp was music to him. "Now,
  the other." And again she was forced to be the bringer of her own torment. "You
  look lovely like this, so pleasing. I should keep you like this at all times,
  ready and needing fulfillment. Would you like that pet, to be left like this,
  ready for my use?" 
 There were no words this time. She couldn't speak. The agony that shot through
  her chest with each breath was stealing her thoughts. To be left like this,
  lost in the glorious pain of desire. Would he do that to her. She couldn't
  stand it. Even now, if he didn't go on, take this to its end. Was that her
  fate, to be left like this, and never allowed to see it finished? 
 "Azrael, end it." Michael was as caught up in the waves of lust she was
  feeling as any other. "Finish preparing her, and end it. The child is damn
  near mindless with want." 
 "Yes, she is almost ready for me, is she not? You really must try this on
  your boy. I believe he would find it as wonderful as my little one." He checked
  the clamps, making sure that they were free of the piercing's in her nipples,
  before linking a thin chain between them. "Lay back for me Robyn. Open your
  legs again. "He reached for the heavier of the two leashes. "I will take you
  as I did earlier, but this time, you will receive me as I am. Let this pain
  be your sacrifice for the pleasure you will soon receive." He fastened the
  leash to the ring through her hood, tugging at it. She cried out, hips lifting
  with the pull. "This is how you will be led for the rest of the night. If you
  please me, I will have you led this way for the rest of the week." He rose
  to stand, undressing again. "I will warm you first with my paddle, so that
  as I take you, your flesh heats mine." He pointed to the wall. "Go stand, legs
  spread, hands flat, and wait for your spanking." 
 Standing was almost impossible. Everything, her whole world, was caught
  up in both the pain she felt, and the weakness of the incredibly disabilitating
  joy. There was no way she could ever describe to, or thank Azrael for, the
  feelings she was experiencing. 
 "Take your time Robyn." Strong arms supported her as she began to take weak
  and trembling steps across the room. The leash that hung between her legs pulled
  painfully on the flesh there, but as she began to move, and the motion began
  to cause it to swing, the pain was forgotten. If Azrael had not been holding
  her up, she would have fallen. Her sensitivities were already so drawn tight,
  that the added pressure threw her into an almost instantaneous orgasm. "Ssshh,
  I have you sweet. Lean against me." 
 "Please. No more, Master, please." He couldn't keep this up. She'd go crazy
  if he kept at her. She wanted him, right now, all of them. If only he would
  let her. 
 "Soon precious, I have already told you when, do not ask again. Now lean
  forward against the wall. Prepare yourself as I instructed." He wondered how
  many times he would be able to strike her before his own lusts overcame him.
  He had not lied when he had told Torin earlier that she projected as if she
  were Kin. Her needs bathed every vampire in the room, forcing them all to struggle
  for control. "Relax Robyn." He stroked her hair, her back, hugging her gently. "I
  will know your limit. I promise you sweet, I will not force you past it. Enjoy
  this trust me. Give up the last of your fears. I would no more abuse the faith
  you have placed in me, than I would your mates. I will hold you soon, we all
  will." He took her from the wall, and held her as she struggled to find the
  inner strength to go forward. 
 If she had not already loved him trusted him beyond words, this would have
  done it for her. William had been the only other man, to near her limits and
  do so lovingly. It wasn't, just a power trip, for him, he really did care. "Th--thank
  you Master. I am ready now." 
 Azrael let her go, allowing her to return to the wall. "Vincent, would you
  allow me to borrow, your First-Born?" 
 "Ask her Master, she is free to do as she wants." He looked down at the
  woman in his arms. "Baby, Azrael has asked for you." 
 Anna grinned. "Yes?" 
 "I am afraid that not all the willingness in the world will keep my slave
  here standing. Will you come, kneel in front of her, hold her up grant, her,
  a measure of pleasure while I warm her flesh. I have seen you with my own girls.
  I know how gentle you can be. Will you join me in this?" 
 "Yes." 'Oh, Gods yes'  David laughed as she moved stripping
  her clothes off is such haste that the sound of fabric ripping from her could
  be heard by all. "Elder." 
 "Go on with you Childe, position yourself under her, so that she cannot
  fall." 
 Michael raised an eyebrow was Azrael approached him. "Master?" 
 "As soon as I take her, join me. It has been too long since last you and
  I shared a pleasure such as this." Azrael touched his cheek. 
 Michael nodded smiling. His Sire was happy; the little one that Gabriel
  had brought with him was bringing life back to the old vampire. Another step
  in putting the one soul he loved more, than even himself to rest. "That should
  not be a hardship, as is I'm ready to go seek out Jason." 
 "That will not be necessary. I doubt that I will be able to tease her more
  than just a few more minutes before I must give in to my own desires." 
 "I can't tell, what is it about her that is so, I don't know, stimulating?" 
 Azrael laughed. "Oh let us see, she projects strongly enough to alert every
  sensitive in a ten mile radius to her feelings. She is by far one of the loveliest
  creatures I have seen in a long time, and not only is she soul-bonded to one
  of my Chosen, but was willing to give up all freedom to me, to save him from
  himself. How could she not be--, stimulating?" 
 Michael watched as Anna lifted Robyn, letting her legs straddle her shoulders.
  His sire was right she was perfect. She would be Kin one day, her mate was,
  and there was no choice. He was pleased. Before now, he had only one sister.
  Female vampires were a rarity. Women just didn't take to it as well as men.
  Yet in the span of two months, he was gaining three, one by adoption and two
  who would be blood. "Best you go finish with her, the way she is projecting,
  I'm not sure how much more any of us can take before we start pairing off and
  forget your little one." 
 "Do you like Lilith's touch pet?" A whisper in her ear, as again she could
  feel him close. "I must say your cry's are sweet." The coolness of the paddle
  rested against her buttocks. "Are you ready for me now? A little warming before
  I feed my passions into you." The first sharp stinging blow, "tell me." 
 "Yes." The words exploded from her. Every nerve in her body was ready. The
  pain in her chest had merged with the unbelievable delight of Anna's seduction.
  And now, 'please'  , she prayed. 'Do it, anything,  just
  don't stop now'.  She had no idea how, much, she could take, no
  one, had ever brought her to this point before. And the idea of pushing, testing,
  seeing where the breaking point was, where the pleasure gave way to nothing
  but pain, teased her. Could she do it, could she go that far, and if she did,
  would she be alive to talk about it afterwards? "Yes, Master, please again." 
 The stinging of the blows gave way to burning warmth as her flesh reddened
  under Azrael's attention. Each fall of his hand, each sounding crack through
  the room excited her that much more. She cried out, begging for more. And as
  Anna's teeth bit and teased her blood-swollen sex, she broke down into sobs. 
 "Ssshh." Azrael lifted her from Anna, holding her as she cried. Here was
  the emotional release, the point where he became the victor. "There, there,
  love. It's over." 
 But it wasn't over. She needed him more than ever. But her needs were confusing
  now. To want to make love to hide to cling to someone in helplessness all at
  the same time, she had never been so vulnerable, so completely defenseless. 
 The time for pain was over. She had earned his love and the ending that
  he had promised. He hushed a cry with his mouth as he released one clamp then
  the other, massaging painfully sore nipples as proper blood flow resumed. It
  took three attempts to remove the leash from her, for each time he reached
  for it she would shudder and shy away. "Be still precious, let me free you." More
  soothing noises as it came free. "Have I taken you too far pet? If I continue
  with the night, let you seek love from my Kin, will you welcome it? Tell me
  darling, are you still with us?" 
 Green eyes, the color of spring moss looked at him. Love and want clear. "Don't," she
  whispered, emotions too strong for words. "Please, I did it, everything you
  said." He couldn't mean to stop now. 
 "So, you still want me?" He kissed her. "Then my lovely you shall have me.
  You shall have us all." His smiling eyes sought out Michael's. "Join me, my
  love, she wants us." 
 Robyn yelped as suddenly Azrael's sex filled hers, moving with almost no
  force. "Ssshh, wait precious, Megel will take you this way, I am only preparing
  myself for you. Wait, I promise, we shall see you cared for," enough pain,
  for now. 
 Michael knelt in front of Robyn, a hand reaching out to cup for chin. "You
  know me sweet. Will you welcome my love?" His smile deepened as she nodded. "Come
  here." He took her from Azrael, positioning her so that her legs pressed against
  his hips as they fit together. "Ah--." Not only was she lovely and willing,
  but also, as he slid home, her muscles clamped down on him. "Azrael, Sire,
  she's." 
 "Made for this." And the need for words ended. It was time to prove to his
  newest that he could and would see to her needs, freely and with joy. He would
  see that she was never left wanting ever again. Between Torin and himself,
  she would grow to enjoy her own sexuality and her desires. Never again would
  they bring her shame. 
 Robyn had no idea how many times she had came so far. But as again, locked
  between the two of them, she shook under the intensity of another one she began
  to tense and feel worry. She had came too many times, nerves, over stimulated,
  and began the protest. Her master had taken her to the point that her very
  pleasure became pain. The ending, the final sacrifice to her desires became
  his. 'YES'  ! Her mind and soul screamed as again. Following
  just behind the last, wave of pleasure/pain enveloping her. 
 * Wait  . *  Azrael's mind
  touched hers. * The point you seek is yet to come, Soon the agony
  will be all that remains, and it will be of a such. That it will lift your
  soul, even as it torments your body. *      And
  as he thrust with a force that pinned her between them, his fangs found her
  throat. 
* * * 
 Casey cried out as Torin lost control. He had known that his friend was
  behaving weirdly, but had not thought that he would become like this. So wild,
  so hot, so desperate, as the other, the one that they said was now his other
  half was tormented like she was being. He didn't understand why they were hurting
  her, or why she seemed to want it, but it didn't much matter to him now. Torin
  was responding to what ever it was that was going on, and in doing so, was
  making sure that he was having the time of his life. 
* * * 
 Smiling brown eyes greeted her as she came to. "Here she is. Are you all
  right, Robyn?" 
 Her body hummed in pleasure as she stretched. "Hi." 
 Azrael felt the tears of joy, as they stung his eyes. There was no fear
  in her. He had won, she truly accepted him. "You are mine, sweet." 
 "I never said otherwise." Even the soreness and slight pain in her body
  was wonderful. If he called it to an end right now, and ignored her for a week,
  she doubted that she would feel slighted. No woman had ever been as thoroughly
  pleased as she was right now. 
 "I wish that I could keep you with me. I would love nothing more right now,
  than to hold you, buried as I am in your warmth, for the rest of the night,
  but alas, look around us. There are others who await you." Azrael's eyes lifted
  from hers, seeking Lierin. "Childe, might I borrow your husband? If he is willing,
  while my sweet here makes love to Cain with her mouth, I would have him do
  the same to her." 
 Lierin motioned for Derrik to move to the floor. "You heard the Elder go.
  Do as he bids." Women were not usually his choice in bed partners, but this
  one he would make an exception for. She understood what true passion was. 
 "Lay, there, boy with your head at the foot of Cain's seat." Azrael pointed
  to the floor before him. "You are not only to please my sweet one here, but
  hold her in place. I want her to be lost again as she submits to yet another
  of us." 
 Derrik laid his head between Joseph's feet. "Like this, Master?" 
 Azrael nodded. "Good boy." He sat Robyn up. "Go on dear, lower your self
  over Derrik's mouth. Show Cain, there your submission." 
 He didn't have to order her twice. She could not think of anything but complying
  with his wishes. 
 Derrik's mouth touched her, even as she was bending to taste Joseph. "Oh," the
  feelings of the pleasured pain were instantaneous. She automatically tried
  to pull away, but Derrik's hands held her in place. And before she could beg
  for him to stop, Joseph pulled her face to him 
 "Go on Robyn." Joseph reached down and directed his erection to press against
  her lips. "Blow me." 
 She could do little more than sob as she obeyed. All other choice had been
  taken from her. She would suffer this exquisite agony until she had pleased
  them all. And please them she would, for only then would her torment end. 
 When Derrik released her, at last. She fell from him in her haste to pull
  away. She was no longer cumming one right after the other. There was no longer
  a break in the peak it was continuous. 
 "Robyn." David refused to give her a moment's respite. Any break in the
  motion now would only allow her time to think, and fear. "Come, return the
  favor you owe Anna. She has pleased you already, come please her." He took
  her hand, and pulled the stumbling girl forward. 
 Robyn was at a loss, as Anna took her hands and directed them to her sex,
  showing her how to part the swelling lips. "Your tongue honey, lick me. You
  know what you find pleasing, share that knowledge with my body." 
 Robyn's stomach lurched slightly at the first taste, but she fought down
  all thoughts of resistance and pressed her mouth even farther on Anna's womanhood. 
 David found no resistance as he took Robyn anally. The reminder of Azrael's
  pleasures with her made easy entry. The shuddering of her body as he made love
  to her added to the pleasure already present. And as he reached around her
  hip, letting his hand find her sex, a finger flicking her with quick powerful
  movements, she became wild. Struggling to pull away, even as she pressed back
  against him, and her tongue dove deep into Anna's sex. 
 Azrael reached for Selene as David began to finger fuck Robyn, in time with
  his thrusts. "Come dear, let my girl please you as well. Share her with Lierin 
 Share, yes she could share this. Join in the play, being completely a part
  of the house for the first time. "Poor girl, to be where she is right now." She
  giggled as Azrael's lips tickled her throat. "Some girls have all the luck." 
 Lierin laughed. "There is always later Selene. I'm sure if you made the
  offer, there is not a man in the room that would refuse you." 
 Azrael's eye sought our Casey, who knelt under Torin. "You really must teach
  that boy of yours to be more servicing." 
 "Derrik frightened him too much, it's going to take some work." 
 Azrael smiled softly. "Really now?" 
* * * 
 William sat on the edge of the bed. He had known why he was coming here,
  had agreed to it. But now, too many things from his past haunted him. Zak didn't
  count. He loved Zak. But what would happen now. Could he do it, he had never
  agreed with the argument that just because you ended up in bed with a guy,
  didn't mean you were gay. 
 Jason knelt in front of him. "William, you gotta relax. Amber and I aren't
  going to hurt you. We want to be your friends." 
 William snorted, running a hand through his hair. "Yeah, I know. Sorry for
  behaving like such a prick." 
 "Gabriel was your first wasn't he?" Jason wondered how long they had been
  lovers. 
 "No, well not really." He couldn't believe he was even remembering that
  time now. He, had, made himself forget it not think about it pretend it never
  happened. 
 That was not the answer Jason had expected. How much of that stuff did he
  drink? He thought to himself. It drops habitations, helps to open up. But if
  he was picking body language up correctly, this was a secret, better left where
  it was. "He was the your first lover, right?" Steer the talk carefully. "First
  boyfriend, I mean?" 
 William nodded. "Yeah, we hooked up yesterday for the first time. I think
  we're married now." 
 Both Jason and Amber nodded. They had heard Zak refer to William as his
  husband more than once. "I think I understand, vampire's don't quite count
  do they? It's, not like you're sleeping with a real man is it. They're not
  really human so it's a little different." 
 Put like that, it sounded horrible. Did he really feel like that? Was Zak
  some kind of freak to him? "No, I mean it's not like that. I love Zak." 
 "Yes, that's the kicker isn't it? It doesn't really matter that he's a guy.
  You love him. Remember that, love is easy for the Vampyr, for any who know
  them, you are not alone anymore Will, we all know how it is. There is the good
  and the bad. 
 "You remember Michael? He talked to you earlier. He's my lover, my Master,
  and one day real soon; he's going to be my Sire. He saved me, and my sister,
  back then I wasn't any more fonder of men than you, I had been selling myself
  for six months or so to help take care of my sister, back then she had cancer.
  He took me out of that, made me see that the only thing that really mattered
  was love. You have to accept this too. Your girl did, she understands how life
  is. Now it is your turn." 
 It sounded too simple. Nothing in life, that had ever been worth a damn
  had ever been that simple. But, why, not people had been telling each other
  for centuries that love made the world go round. So why, all of a sudden, when
  presented with proof that it really could work that way? That there really
  were people that could and did, love each other totally, without restraint,
  did he find it so hard to believe. 
 William lifted his head, looking so lost and confused, "I don't know what
  to do. I love him, and want to be with him as part of his life, for the rest
  of it. But it just doesn't seem to be that easy, you know what I mean?" 
 Amber chuckled at him. "Believe me, we know how it can be. Living with a
  vampire makes you very flexible." She began unbuttoning his shirt. "Come on,
  let it go for now. Jason is close enough to a vampire you should be able to
  soothe your requirements with that." She smiled with mischief. "Or are you
  not interested in seeing how many ways you can go back and shock that husband
  of yours?" 
 Jason laughed. "That's a thought. He's been teaching you what to do, hasn't
  he?" 
 "No, not really." They were too close to the truth about him. "I--I learned
  back," he licked his lips. "Had a bad scare back when I was fifteen, I had
  to learn a lot then. I think that is one of the reasons I am having such a
  hard time with Robyn being where she is. I was a slave for about three months,
  to a pervert that liked to hurt boys." He sighed. "I can't believe I am telling
  you this. I haven't told anyone other than Robyn and Adrian, and well he's
  dead now." 
 "Shit," Jason swore. "Now I am beginning to understand what is wrong with
  you. Will, there, is a world of things that two people can do to and for each
  other when there is love there. Care to learn?" Jason didn't want to know anymore.
  This was something that William needed to take up with Zak, and not him. 
 'Oh well, what the fuck. If I don't go ahead and do it, they'll
      nag me to death'.   William pulled Amber into his lap. "Schools
      in." 
* * * 
 Zak lifted Robyn gently. Poor little one, she was exhausted. "Baby?" 
 Movement sent vibrations through her. Her very breathing caused her to shutter. "Zak?" 
 "Yes pretty girl. You keep passing out on us. These Kin are going to be
  insufferable for days. Don't you know how dangerous it is to stroke a, vampires,
  ego. If you're not careful, they will insist on doing this more often, just
  to watch you swoon for them." 
 "I can't do it again. Please, Zak." If they touched her again, she would
  go mad. The pain was so good, but she would loose herself in it if she had
  to open again. "Master, please." 
 "There is just me left sweet. Once I have loved you, you can seek your mate.
  He will help you." He really should let her go, but he couldn't. Not after
  watching her blossom as she had. "I love you." 
 "Please." She tried to push him away as he laid her back on the floor. "Zak,
  I can't do it. Please." 
 "Ssshh. You can, you know you can. I've got to baby. It isn't over till
  I do." 
 They couldn't ask her to do it. Zak loved her; he wouldn't force her to
  suffer again. He just couldn't. "Please." 
 Azrael reached for her hands. "Robyn, be quiet precious. Zak is right. He
  has been patient, waited for you. He has a right. It would not be so horrifying
  if you did not fight it so. Give in love; embrace the feelings as they tear
  through you. Show your love here how, much he means to you. Give yourself to
  him." 
 She lay there, sobbing against Zak's lips as he held her. She was going
  to be forced to lose herself. Become the pain. She felt the last remnants of,
  will, slip from her as Zak parted her legs once more. 
 Zak gave into her heat gladly. No need for, fear, or total control like
  there had been last night. He pressed against her body, letting his weight
  pin her to the floor, even as his thrust nailed her there. 
 She prayed for unconsciousness. Hoping that it would take her before the
  pain did. But her mind refused to hide this time. The sensations of his movements
  slammed into her, crushing her under their force. But she couldn't fight it
  anymore. She had nothing left to fight with. So she held him, crying with the
  beautiful pain as she surrendered once again. 
 Azrael waited for Zak to pull away before he moved. Not at all surprised,
  when as he tried to take her into his arms, she reached to hold on to her lover. "There,
  there, Robyn, let Gabriel go." 
 "No, please." There at the end, the pain had given way to something she
  didn't understand. It was if her system had rewritten the rules, and pain was
  now the only pleasure she could feel. She had earned that, suffered for it,
  and now it was being taken from her. 
 "I know sweet, believe me, I know. I will help you to explore the new wonder
  that you have found soon. But enough for now, go to your mate allow him to
  help you. The night is not yet over. We will see what we can do to bring you
  here again soon. But I would be unforgivably negligent if I did not call a
  halt to it for a while. Go on with you. Seek your mate." 
CHAPTER 14  
 Torin moaned softly as Robyn reached for him. Everything she had felt, pain
  and pleasure, he had shared. If it hadn't been for Casey, he would have gone
  mad through it. "Damn Blue," his own powers soothing the burning in her. 
 "Thank you." The blessed relief of nerves quieted was welcome. "I never
  knew that anything could feel like that." 
 "It's your own fault. If you weren't so damn multi-orgasmic, you wouldn't
  have been clawing the paint off the walls. I am beginning to believe all it
  takes is a man to think about touching you to set you off." 
 "Yeah well, so I'm easily satisfied. I didn't hear you complaining earlier." It
  felt so good to be in his arms. To feel his love as it surrounded her. "You
  didn't hurt that boy did you, if you were feeling anything near what I was,
  you must have been losing it." 
 Torin laughed, kissing her. "I didn't hurt Casey, he's probably going to
  decide you're his best friend in the world. Thanks to you, he had a ball, several
  of them." He felt her flinch as he touched her swollen and aching sex. "Relax
  Hon, I'm not going to hurt you." 
 "I know. Sorry." She moaned, hips rising slowly as his healing touch became
  erotic. "Are you going to, can we?" She was hoping with all her soul that he
  wasn't just teasing her. She had gone the limit so far, all for the chance
  to hold him. 
 Torin's eyes sought Azrael's. "Master?" 
 The Elder vampire's eyes were bright with amusement and pleased pride. "Go
  on you two, enjoy. Just return her to me when you have grounded yourself out
  on her." He chuckled as Torin almost fell in his haste to lift Robyn and move
  to the bed. "Well, it would seem we have lost our amusement for a while." 
 "Your newest Chosen is going to very popular." Michael pulled Joseph close. "With
  her in the house, it won't be long before your four quit complaining about
  being ignored. The way she projects, we will all be more than happy to see
  they get all the attention they need." 
 "Yes, I am afraid you might be correct on that. It is fortunate that she
  is blood-bound now. As just a mortal, she would never be able to stand our
  combined amusements. But with my blood in her veins, it opens up endless possibilities." 
 Selene's gale of laughter drew everyone's attention. Casey was curled up
  in her arms, blushing as she held him. "Master, my pet wishes to thank Robyn.
  Her free sharing of her pleasures were greatly appreciated. It would seem Casey
  is a bit fond of your Chosen Tori." 
 "Will he come to me dear. If I promise not to hurt him, will he sit with
  me?" Azrael felt the need to check on his adopted Childe's charge. "I am not
  at all surprised he has fallen for my boy, he is quite the lovable sort." 
 Casey moved slowly. He had no idea why the vampire would want him. He hadn't
  done anything that he knew of. "M--Master?" 
 "Do not look so frightened pet, I would not dream of harming you. Come here,
  sit with me." He would have to see if perhaps he couldn't talk Michael into
  letting Joseph befriend the boy. Vampire or no, Joseph was still young, and
  looked almost as harmless as Selene. 
 He gently pulled Casey's head down, to rest against his shoulder. "So, you
  find my Tori to be as wonderful as I do?" Azrael brushed a lock of stray hair
  from his eyes. The blush to his body was sweet, still young enough, to be embarrassed
  about his own pleasures. "I am happy for you, Casey. Tori had spoken to me
  briefly earlier. He has told me that you should have never been sent below.
  Gave me a brief summery of how you had been forced to live. I am pleased to
  see my error rectified. Your Lady seems to be pleased with you, are you happy
  with her?" He lowered his head mouth soft on Casey's. "Don't be afraid to speak
  pet. Your Mistress, she has never held a mortal before. You must work with
  her, help her to learn how to care for you, and see to your safety. Please,
  tell me, are you content with your life now?" 
 Casey didn't understand. Why was Azrael asking him this? Happy with Selene,
  if he were anymore happy where his life was now, he'd be a babbling idiot. "Sure,
  Selene, I--it's the best thing I've ever had." 
 "Listen to me pet. Your mistress is my Childe, and is precious to me. So
  if you need someone to talk to, if you have a problem or just need a man's
  point of view. You can turn to any here. Don't be shy, or afraid. You just
  witnessed Robyn's joining us, you can believe you are safe." 
 "Listen to my Sire, boy." Michael moved to kneel by Azrael's chair. It was
  important for this boy to understand he could call for help. With him being
  Selene's first, and Selene coming from what she had just fled, it would be
  prudent if they forged a connection to the boy. Just for safety's sake. "Later,
  once Selene has become more comfortable to being around other vampire's, I
  will take you both to meet the rest of the family, so one day, should an emergency
  arise, and the two of you are not here, you will know the ones to call." 
 Azrael opened his mouth to second Michael's statement, when the pain hit. "What?" He
  struggled to lock the wild energy down. 
* * * 
 Torin pulled away from Robyn as suddenly emptiness filled him. It was as
  if someone had cut off a portion of his soul. "Master?" It was, Jenna, she
  was gone. He could feel her no more. The horror of the reality struck him,
  but no more so than Azrael's scream of agony. 
 * Jenna  , *  Azrael's
  mind sought his pets, slamming up against the barrier that had cut his tie
  off. * Jenna  ! *  It was
  no use he could not break the wall. Somewhere, someone had severed or blocked
  his link with his pet. He couldn't track her anymore. 
 The horror of the truth struck him. A Renegade had found his pet. One that
  didn't care that she was under his protection. 
 Jenna was as good as dead. 
* * * 
 * Azrael, Master! *  Jenna's mind screamed as
  the fingers around her throat tightened. * Help me! *  
 "You're wasting your time human. I've locked him out. Your Master can't
  save you now." Cold, hateful, black eyes locked with hers. "You're mine." 
 "Please." Jenna fought for air, her fingers clawing at the vampire's hand. "Please." 
 "Be still, I am your Master now. So unless you want your new name to be
  dead, I'd be still, if I were you." His fingers tightened more, as he lifted
  her bodily and threw her back on the bed. "Don't move." His hand reached out
  and snatched Azrael's charm from around her throat. "Pity you can't use this.
  You're old master was good. This could have put a serious crimp in my plans." The
  charm hit the wall as he hurled it from him. "Pity for you the fool didn't
  blood-brand you." Jenna's gown ripped with a jerk. "Have faith, I won't be
  as careless." 
 Jenna's head turned to the side as the vampire that now claimed to be her
  master finished stripping her. Azrael, was gone, she was lost now. Her soul
  began to turn, life ceasing to have value. 
 The vampire growled grabbing her head, forcing her to look at him. "Stop
  it. Don't try any of those Line tricks on me. You're not the first Lined toy
  I've taken. I know all about the ways of fading. You may want to die, will
  beg me to kill you often, but you will never bring about your own demise. Do
  you understand me? I don't want to take your will just yet. I want you to know
  what is happening to you and why." He flipped her over, pulling the rest of
  the gown from her body, before pulling a set of handcuffs from his belt. "Give
  me your hands." He let the metal pinch her skin as he closed them over her
  wrists. "You have a nice ass, I'm going to enjoy having my fist up it." A single
  tug ripped her panties from her. "Open your mouth." 
 She tried to spit the cotton out, but his hand only left her mouth long
  enough for the electrical tape to cover it. "You be quiet girl, we can't have
  you disturbing the neighbors with out play, now can we?" His mouth was at her
  ear; his breath blew against her cheek. "I just bet you'd love to know what's
  going on, don't you. After all, it isn't often a protected, marked, pet of
  an Elder has anything to worry about, is it?" He moved, yanking her back around
  on her back, her arms screaming with the pressure as she lay on them. "You're
  my revenge. You're Master took something that belonged to me. Has taken her
  for his own. So I have evened the score just a little. But don't worry too
  much my girl. If you live through what I have in store, I'll send you home.
  I'll make you Kin and let you go back to that bastard. So he can watch you
  starve." He stood before the bed, looking down on his handiwork. "You know
  girl," His belt came free from the buckle. "You're not what I'd expect someone
  like Azrael to be amused with. Even that little piece of trash he stole from
  me was prettier. So I'm going to assume that you have some secret qualities
  not easily seen." He leaned over her, grinning into her face. "Shall we see?" 
 Jenna screamed behind the gag as he forced her legs apart. "Silence." He
  twisted her clit. "Another sound and I'll start cutting you. Now move, lay
  on the bed for me like a good slut, legs open." He snickered to himself, as
  he burned her pubic hair from her. Watching as she spasmed in silent agony.
  He reached down for the small black case he had brought with him. "We won't
  be here long, I promise you. But I will blood-brand you here, once over each
  breast, your mound, and then with this." His pants fell to the floor. 
 Jenna went wild, trying to pull away at the sight of him. His entire penis
  was pierced. Rods spiraled up and around him. And each rod was topped with
  a ball on both ends. It was these tiny balls that were the source of her madness.
  For each was studded with small, shiny, sharp points. If he used it on her,
  he would cut her insides to ribbons, if he came. 
 He held her still as she struggled. "Bitch." A fist slammed into her crotch. "For
  that I will fuck your ass as well." Straps came from the case. He hit her again
  before beginning to tie one leg then the other to the bedposts. "I might even
  fist you afterwards if you don't be still." 
 He was going to blood-brand her. Azrael had warned them all of this practice.
  The mixing of a vampire's blood with another or a mortals which would create
  a mark. A brand burned painfully into the flesh of the weaker of the two. Maria
  was the only one of them who carried Azrael's brand, and it had been at her
  request. But after she had suffered so with it, he had sworn he'd not touch
  another of them like that. And now this mad monster was going to brand her,
  not once but five times. A whimper escaped her as she looked up at him, pleading
  with her eyes. 
 "I see you know what's in store for you. Good, I would rather you know what
  to expect. It makes your suffering all the more thorough. Had that fool, who
  claimed you done this, I would have never dared touch you. But he denied you
  the fullness of his protection. So as you suffer, think on that." He lifted
  a small box out of the case. "The difficult part in branding is keeping the
  blood flowing. We heal too quickly. So I had this created for me." From the
  little box hi lifted a small piece of metal. Do you see it slut? Have you any
  idea what it is used for?" 
 The device was about two and a half-inch's long. A hollow cylinder with
  a tiny razor on the tip, "what you can't see, is the inside. The razor on the
  tip is present inside as well. See the opening. Once I put this on my finger,
  the blood will flow until I take it off." He was, quite, pleased to see the
  horrified shake of her head. "I can be quite artistic with it. You should see
  the slave I have at home. I am decorating his body with this. Who knows, if
  you prove to be amusing, I might use your flesh as canvas as well." The device
  slid over the forefinger of his right hand, blood dripping from it. "I always
  love the first cut." 
 Jenna's mind and soul screamed as he held her in place, the razor cutting
  deep into the flesh of her right breast, blood welling, blending, burning.
  She was lost now, death would be the only escape allowed to her. And that one
  would not be offered until she had paid well for it. 
 He finished his mark on her skin with a flourish. The razor tip sinking
  deep into the nipple before twisting, cutting her open for his blood. "No,
  no," he chided as he kept her from loosing consciousness. You can't hide from
  me like that. You will feel every thing I do. Will as soon as I mark your left
  breast with my command, beg for it, even as your mind screams with agony." The
  spell was being cast into her blood, being marked into her flesh. "Your body
  will welcome me. Even as it suffers from pain like you have never known before.
  It will welcome me. I will leave you to suffer, not only from the delightful
  tortures I have in store for you, but also from your own bodies betrayal. The
  more I hurt you, the greater the torment, the more you will open for me." He
  looked up at her. "I control your body, but your mind I leave free. You will
  know as I take you. Will feel the horror of each rape, of each pain. Your mind
  will rebel, even as your body welcomes it." The last of the spell ended again,
  by the cutting twist of the razor. 
 He touched the now bare skin of her mound, lightly. "I bet you would love
  me to begin my art here. Would you not?" He smiled a cruel and evil smile. 
 Jenna sobbed in her soul as her head nodded, moaning softly. 
 "Silence, slut, enjoy the pain I give you as I cut you." And the blade sliced
  down into her flesh, 
 Jenna bit down, hard, on the fabric in her mouth as the creature that now
  owned her cut her clitoris almost completely off, holding his finger there
  so that his blood pooled over the wound. 
 She cried out as the tape over her mouth came free. "I'm going to release
  you now my little slut. I don't need to restrain you, do I? You will lay here
  for me, won't you?" 
 "Yes, Master." Her body wouldn't move, even as he released her legs and
  turned her to free her wrists. She wanted to run, but her body would not obey
  her. 
 "Perhaps it was your ass that attracted him so. I know it couldn't be your
  face. Does he fuck you here often?" 
 "Yes, Master." 
 "I knew it. Pretty faces are a dime a dozen, but a nice ass, well they're
  hard to come by. Perhaps I should leave a message here for him. In case you
  live and I send you back to him." He thrust his finger against the razor and
  once again a thin line of blood flowed from him. "So what should I say?" He
  lanced her left buttocks cheek open. "I know, every time he looks at you, he
  will know I had you, and that you begged for it." 
 Jenna bit at the pillow, fingers digging into the sheets as she fought to
  keep from screaming. If she lived to see her Master again, he would end this.
  He wouldn't let her suffer. It was the only comfort she had, the knowledge
  that Azrael would kill her long before she began to starve. 
 "I'm impressed." He forced her over again. "There is more to you than I
  imagined. So how do you like my handiwork?" He laughed at the pain in her face. "I
  take it you enjoyed yourself. That's good, let it never be said that I don't
  take pride in my efforts." He removed the device. "I'm going to fuck you now
  girl. Know that no matter how much it hurts, your body will welcome me. Even
  as you feel like dying from the shame, you will beg as I do, moan, you will
  learn to beg and cry out, in joy, at the honor I am granting you. It is not
  every mortal I brand this particular way. I plan to leave this for the children
  I steal from the Lines." He leaned over her. "Take me in your hands, slut.
  Guide me home. Beg me to fuck you." 
 'NO!  Her mind screamed, fighting against his control,
  soul raging as her hand reached for him. 'Please, oh God, help me'  .
  The cold of the bars chilled her palm. She could feel the raised points. The
  prick, against her skin, it wouldn't take but one thrust to cut her. By the
  time he achieved his orgasm, the inner wall of her vagina would be in sheds.
  Then the blood that was always present, in a Vampires release, would burn her,
  scaring her with his brand. 
 "That's the way." He felt her lips part as she guided him on. "Tell me now,
  tell your master you want to be fucked. Beg me to hurt you, to make you mine
  as only I can." He held himself there, the tip resting at her opening. 
 I won't.  She cried silently even as her mouth opened
  to form the words. "Please, Master." She was crying with her fear, sweating
  as she fought to keep from obeying. "F--Fuck me, hurt me, now, Master." 'Oh
  gods, this can't be happening to me. He can't do this'.   "Now,
  please. I'm begging you." 
 "You will not scream girl, the only sounds you are allowed are to tell me
  how much you want me, and beg me to fuck you harder. You want this. You're
  body craves my possession. And when you see your old master once again, you
  will tell him how much you wanted me, and how much I took." 
* * * 
 Azrael was like a mad thing as he fought against the barrier that separated
  him for his beloved. But thought would not penetrate the wall. But he knew
  she lived, and he knew she was in danger, for though he could not hear her,
  or find her. The fiend that crafted, this, shield allowed her fear and her
  pain to trickle down. Jenna was being tortured, his pet, one of those in his
  care, was being tortured. He fought against the hands that held him as his
  body suffered with hers. 
 Torin held him. Crying with the pain he knew his Master, and his love were
  feeling. And through him it fed itself into Robyn then to Zak. "Master, please." He
  shook Azrael. "Let me, I am still human. A 'human', Mage  ." The
  barrier was designed to keep a vampire out. But a mortal might still be able
  to break it. 
 Azrael focused on Torin. "Yes, you are human." Could his not taking Torin
  as his Childe tonight been a blessing? "Seek her Tori. Use my power, all that
  I have. 'Find her'." 
 Torin turned to Robyn. "Will you help me? We're linked, makes us stronger.
  You don't know Jenna, but please Blue, I love her." 
 Robyn touched his cheek. "I'm all yours. Let's find this son of a bitch
  and stop him." 
* * * 
 Jenna lay on the bed, not moving, as the vampire pulled away. 'Let
      me die'.   She    prayed looking up at
      him with lifeless eyes.  'Please, let me die'.  
 He leaned down, face burying into her sex, teeth severing the small artery
  there. He bit and gnawed as he drank. Ignoring the painful spasms under him.
  She had been fabulous, much better than Selene. He would write the Elder a
  thank you note on her skin when he returned her. This mortal was worth a vampire's
  notice. 
 He felt her recoil as he lay beside her. "That was quite nice. Perhaps I
  will keep you a little longer that I had planned. I believe that you truly
  enjoyed what I gave you. You can't tell me that your response was all my doing.
  Why I thought there at the end, that you were actually going to rip the flesh
  of my back as you held me." He pinched her right nipple, sending pain through
  her burning breast. "Yes, I really must thank Azrael properly when I return
  you. He might have taken my slave from me, but I get the better part of the
  deal. So, tell me my little slut. Was it as you feared?" 
 Jenna licked her lips. "Kill me," an agonized whisper. "Please, kill me." 
 The vampire laughed, reaching down and thrusting two fingers into her burned
  vagina. "Oh, no my girl, my hot piece of flesh. Death is not coming; it will
  be your old Master that finally kills you. If he doesn't let you die from starvation
  as payment for your betrayal. When you return to him, you will want no one
  but me, and I will be gone. Kin are possessive of what they own. Oh to see
  his anger when he learns how far you have fallen." He thrust harder, lifting
  her hips as he did. "Now up with you. Go stand before the mirror. I want you
  to watch as I play with you." Her sob as he pulled her from the bed, by her
  hair, amused him. Power amused him, and mortals were so weak. They never fought,
  couldn't. But this one, even in her horror and shame, this one still held to
  hope. Even if the only hope she had was a quick death once she returned to
  the Elder. It was a hope. A hope that he would destroy before he sent her back. 
 His head snapped up as he felt the first brushes against his shield. 'It's
      not possible. How could he have found me'  ? His play would
      have to wait. The older vampire had done the impossible, was beginning
      to wear down the barrier. If he were found, before he was finished with
      her, the Elder vampire would have his life. 
 "It would seem I underestimated how much your old Master would want you
  back. We must go now I know a place where we can hide. I promise, soon enough
  I will return to our pleasures." And he fled the room, seeking out the Dark
  Paths and his lair. 
* * * 
 The room in which they appeared was in shambles. Filth was the primary decor;
  a rancid stench assaulted them. How could anyone live like this? 
 "Slave." The vampire looked around the room, eyes seeking motion. 
 A young male moved from the far corner. "Master?" Frightened eyes looked
  up at him through greasy sable brown hair. 
 "Come, boy. We are off. It would seem my new fuck toys old master is better
  than I thought. We are going to seek the Warlock's. They should provide the
  added strength that I need." He looked down at Jenna. "If I can kill your master,
  I can take his powers. I would be the most powerful vampire alive. I could
  rule the Vampyr." 
 Jenna grasped the hope before her. Azrael was tracking her. He would find
  her. This beast actually thought that he, or anyone he knew, was going to be
  more than her love could take down. She would see this one die. Azrael would
  rip him to shred. "He's going to kill you." It was the barest of whispers. "I
  don't care if I die, just so I get to see you pay." 
 She cried out as his fingers bit into a breast, twisting painfully. "That
  might be true slut. But I won't die before he sees how much a faithless whore
  you are." Her body was pressing forward eagerly into the hand that brutalized
  her breast. 
 "You're stupid." The words were growled through clenched teeth. "My Master
  knows me. He knows I love him, and only him. He will forgive me, if he even
  considers it worth needing forgiveness." The knowledge that Azrael was looking
  for her, was going to find her, it gave, her courage. It didn't matter if she
  died. She preferred death to the pain in her Master's eyes when he saw her.
  And if she could make him angry, slow him down, all the better. 
 "Keep telling yourself that Bitch. It will make the truth all the more satisfying
  for me when you die knowing he hates you." He pointed to the boy. "Come on
  Kary, take my hand we are going." 
 The boy looked at Jenna briefly, a strange hope in his eyes, as he obeyed, "Yes,
  Master." 
* * * 
 Voices all around them as they appeared in what looked to be a living room.
  There were vampires all around them. More than Jenna had ever seen in one place. "Greeting's
  Cerberus." The vampire that held her made an attempt at a mocking bow. 
 "Set, you know you can't come here unannounced. You are not one of us." A
  male vampire stepped from a group. "You are beginning to try my patience." He
  was still fairly young. Jenna noticed with more hope. He looked no older than,
  Mark, and by his feel, his age was somewhere around Megel's, perhaps a little
  younger. And as she looked around, she, realized, that he was the oldest here. 
 'Set, his name is Set'.  Jenna logged that information
  into her heart. Names had power, Azrael had told her that. It was one of the,
  reason's, why a Fledgling took a new name at birth. It was linked to who and
  what he was. 
 "I told you when you made that ridiculous declaration, that I would come
  and go as I saw fit. If you want to challenge my right, then do so." He dropped
  Jenna to the floor. "Better you do so now, because you might not have too much
  time left. The Elder and Adept Mage, Azrael, should be here soon." 
 The other vampire looked at him in shock. "Set? What have you done? To lead
  a Lined Elder here, to the only safe haven we have. I should kill you myself,
  but I won't call challenge. We are even, you and I. It's a toss up which one
  would win. And seeing you dead isn't worth the risk of losing and leaving you
  here to rule in my place." He didn't add that he had no desire to risk the
  chance of losing and having Set hold his soul and power for all eternity. If
  he was to die, he wanted to die. "Now, tell me what you have done. What insanity
  possessed you to draw his of all Kin's attention?" 
 "He's looking for my latest toy. I had made the mistake of assuming Selene
  broke. I was wrong. She fled me and sought sanctuary from him. Stole my property.
  So I took his." 
 Cerberus shrugged. "So you have a private war with the Elder. What has it
  to do with the Warlock's?" 
 "If he comes here, looking for this one. There are enough of us here to
  take him. Aid me, and I will leave you your little Kingdom. But if you do not,
  if I die, he will kill you all. He will never believe you had nothing to do
  with her capture and Torture." 
 * He lies  . * Jenna's thought screamed at Cerberus.
  * He is a fool my master is not blind. I swear to you Master,
  Azrael will not kill the innocent  . *   
 Here was the solution to his problem. Cerberus had heard Jenna's frantic
  thoughts. If Azrael came, and believed that he and his had been helpful in
  his finding the girl. Set would be dead, and at worst, Azrael would banish
  them, or make servants out of the lot. But he was willing to bet the Elder
  would be too pleased to have his property back to harm them. "I don't know
  Set. You ask a lot out of me. You're famous for keeping your word. But you're
  also famous for finding loopholes to slip through. How do I know you won't
  just drum up some excuse to take my people from me." 
 "No strings Cerberus. My oath, if you help me to kill this vampire, allow
  me the chance to take his power. I will never seek to harm you or any of the,
  Warlock's, present and future, in any way. Why should I, I will have more power
  than you can even imagine. I will be quite happy to leave a trusted ally alone." 
 'Ah, the catch'  ' the girl is right he is a fool. "And
  if you should one day decide I'm no longer your, trusted, ally? 
 "You will be unimportant to me Cerberus. All of your little children playing
  at being a Covenstead like the cursed Lines. I could hate your guts, know you
  are conspiring against me, and still I wouldn't bother with you. But if you
  want to live, you must agree to help me." 
 'I hope your right girl'  . Cerberus looked down at
  Jenna. "Well, let me see what has caused all this ruckus." He held out a hand. "Tell
  her to come here Set, if I'm going to risk death, I can at least see what I'm
  dying for. She must be some piece of work, for an Elder as powerful as Azrael
  to be worrying about finding her." 
 "Go on slut, you heard the man. Let him see what you are." 
 Cerberus gathered every ounce of power he had, calling upon his right as
  leader of the Covenstead, to pull power from his people. * Scream
  girl  . *  He shattered the barrier.  *  Call
  for your Master. If you want to live, call now  .
  *  He pushed her behind him, facing Set, hoping that the Elder was
  truly as hot on her trail as Set believed. 
 Set lunged at him. "You fool, I will make you pay for this." 
 Cerberus met him head on, fangs flashing in the light. Win or lose he had
  guaranteed this, animals, death. 
* * * 
 * Master! *  Jenna's mind sang out, calling
  her lord to her. * Help me! *  
 * Jenna! *  The rage, the pain flooded back
  with his response. * I come  . *   It
  would be over soon. She held on to the joy. Azrael would see her pain ended,
  and her abuser dead. The end was almost hers. 
 Azrael appeared, power glowing with fury. Michael and David right behind
  him. Each going to close the Dark Paths, as they entered no one would escape. "I
  call challenge." His eyes rested briefly on Jenna, agony in his eyes as he
  took in her abuse. "Who dared?" 
 The room exploded in chaos. No one could leave. They all faced the three
  Vampyr, each struggling to escape. "Set." One of them cried pointing to the
  two locked in battle. 
 Cerberus hurled Set from him, diving backwards, capturing Jenna in his arms. "There
  Elder. That is the one who did this. Me and mine had no part. Take your pet,
  but kill him first." 
 Azrael slammed a lock down on Set. Freezing him where he stood. "Take your
  hands off her." He reached for Jenna with one hand, his other reaching for
  Cerberus. "Renegade scum, I will teach you to touch what belongs to your betters." 
 "Master. No." Jenna struggled to block Azrael's hand. "He saved my life.
  He broke the spell that kept me from calling you. That is the one. Please,
  hear me." She sobbed throwing herself into his arms trying to get through the
  blood lust. 
 Michael moved, pulling Cerberus behind him. "Listen Sire. Would you kill
  one who has helped you?" 
 "Mad dog, Renegade." Azrael turned his attention from Cerberus, back to
  the frozen vampire. "What right have you to take what is mine?" 
 "You stole from me." Set forced the words out. "Violated law by accepting
  what you had no right to." 
 Azrael looked at him at a loss. He did not know this Renegade, had never
  seen him. Then dawning struck. His name was 'Set'. This had been the beast
  that had held Selene. The raging inferno of his anger, chilled. This was the
  animal, the damned monster that had almost ruined his Childe. 
 Fingers closed around Set's throat as Azrael drew his face downward to his. "You
  die." 
CHAPTER 15   
 " 'You die'  ." The words chilled Set. There was finality
  to Azrael's words. He would, die not all the talking or threatening in the
  world was going to save him. Three hundred years of scheming, of working to
  build his power, gone.  
 "Know this." He forced his voice past Azrael's hand. "Killing me won't change
  a thing. I got you. Me, I'm, a, nobody, nothing but trash that your kind won't
  even talk to. I got you. I hurt you in a way that you can never erase." His
  eyes flickered over at Jenna. "I had planned on sending her home to you after
  I cursed her with the Gift, just so you'd get to watch her starve or have to
  kill her yourself. But maybe this is better." The mindless gleam in his eyes
  moved over Jenna's body. "You won't kill her, hell you'll take her home and
  spend weeks convincing her that none of this was her fault, and that you love
  her. But deep in your soul, in that private part we all keep hid, every time
  you go to fuck her, and see my name, it will cut you. She will be a constant
  reminder that you aren't as all powerful as you would like to believe, and
  you failed to keep her safe."  
 Azrael pushed him away. "You're wrong. No, Kin lined or, Rogue, would touch
  her. Even Renegades leave that, which belongs to such as I, alone. Only the
  insane would dare risk my wrath. And insanity is rare in Kin. But when it occurs,
  there is little any vampire can do to stop it, striving rather to limit its
  destruction and destroy it before it can do lasting harm." He turned his attention
  to Jenna. "Precious."  
 Being here, safe again, was the only comfort she needed right now. "Master."  
 "I will see you healed. His marks removed. Forget him he is dead forget
  this ever happened. I will take you home soon, let me deal with this mad-thing.
  I love you, I will always love you." He would see her healed. The extent of
  the damage done to her cut at him. The Renegade was right. He would feel the
  guilt of failure for the rest of Jenna's life. He had failed her, and she had
  suffered because of it. "So," he looked up from her, time enough later for
  the suffering he would do. "Where am I?" Time to follow protocol.  
 Cerberus took a small single step from behind Michael. He wasn't sure how
  to behave to the Elder. "You are in my domain." He motioned around him. "All
  you see answer to me."  
 Azrael graced each vampire in the room with a glance. "A Covenstead of Rogues." His
  eyes hardening as they stopped on Set, "so Coven Master, what has this thing
  to do with you?"  
 "Nothing. He had petitioned entry into the Warlock's, and had been denied.
  He had come here, hoping to force me into going in with him to kill you." 'What
  is he doing'?  Cerberus thought, frantically trying to figure out
  Azrael's next move. 'He's can't be granting me domain right. I'm
  not Line'.  But for all his disbelief, there was nothing else it
  could be. The Elder vampire was following law, and offering him, a Rogue, domain
  right.  
 "The Warlock's?"  
 "Yes, from the old definition. We are out casts, oath less and outside the
  law."  
 "Nonsense." Azrael waved a careless hand at him. "Rogue you may be. But
  if you were out cast, we would not, you and I, be having this conversation.
  You would have stood with him, and shared his fate. Now, do I have your leave
  to deal with him? Rogue or Childe, it does not matter. I stand in your domain;
  I seek your permission. If you do not want his blood on your territory, say
  the word and I will take him from here."  
 Cerberus breathed freely again. "Knock yourself out Elder. I'd just as soon
  you did it here. I want to know he's dead. But please, have your two release
  the Dark Paths, my folk grow nervous with no way to move."  
 "Done." Both Michael and David echoed.  
 Azrael turned back to Set. "I had sworn to my adopted Childe, that I would
  see you dead. I should have done so last night, but fool that I am, I did not
  consider that anyone ignorant enough to pervert law was dangerous enough for
  me to worry about. You have proven me wrong. And I will see that I never forget
  the lesson you have taught me." His hand shot forward, and with one single
  yank, ripped Set's cock and balls from him.  
 Set's scream of agony deafened all in the room, but he stood still, frozen
  in place, even as the blood poured from him briefly. The tattered remains of
  his filthy denims sliding down his hips.  
 The hardness in his hand drew Azrael's attention. He shook the remaining
  bloodied cloth from the prize in his hands.  
 What he saw there, the vicious piercing's that covered the soft flesh in
  his hands brought a sickened pained gasp. "Jenna?" He looked at her, eyes begging
  her to tell him, she had not felt this. "Love?" Her single sob as she turned
  burying her face in Michael's chest was all the proof he needed. This beast,
  this heartless monster had branded her in a way he could not undo. He would
  never be able to heal this. Jenna would be scared, horribly, painfully, scared
  for the rest of her life.  
 Azrael's, howl of fury, drown out all other sound.  
 Cerberus averted his eyes as the Elder vampire went berserk. Set had bought
  his death. No one could dispute Azrael's right. But to be killed this way.
  To be ripped handful upon handful apart as Set was. Cerberus wasn't sure he
  could have done it, no matter what Set had done.  
 Set screamed choking on his own severed member as Azrael shoved it down
  his throat. Pain incredible pain, he could feel Azrael's fingers as the ripped
  flesh and muscle from him. His body attempting, to heal, to preserve blood
  with every rip. He would have fought, warred with the Elder if he could have
  only moved. But he wasn't even allowed to die in battle, but instead stood
  there screaming around the bloody dead flesh in his mouth, as Azrael began
  to reduce him to nothing.  
 "No!" The boy, Kary, Set's slave hurled himself against Azrael. "You can't
  kill him yet." He beat at the maddened vampire. "He has my Sire's soul, make
  him set him free."  
 Bloody hands caught him, holding his immobile. "What?" Azrael fought and
  won over the urge to throw this Fledgling from him.  
 "He has his power, his soul. Make him set Shiva free." Gray-blue eyes, that
  were so full of pain and grief. "Please."  
 It all made sense now. How this, mad youth, had attained his power. He had
  killed Kin, lined Kin and took their souls, their very power and added it to
  his own. He had broken the oldest, and most sacred of all laws. The one that
  not even, a, Renegade dare touch. He had taken the life of a vampire, but had
  held the soul. Denied Kin the right to die.  
 "I hear you Childe." Azrael gathered the sobbing Fledgling to him. "How
  long ago did he kill your Sire, how long has his soul been in torment?"  
 "Three nights ago, he killed Shiva, three nights ago." Kary looked up at
  Azrael as he dropped to his knees. "Please, my life. I'll give you my life,
  anything, but make him let Shiva go."  
 "Vincent, take this Childe, hold him. I shall return soon. It would seem
  I must deny myself the pleasure of ripping this beast to shreds." David made
  shushing noises as he took Kary from Azrael. "I hate to think that after all
  you have done. I will have to offer you a peaceful death, so that I may take
  back what you have stolen, and set those poor souls free to continue their
  travel to rest." The beast in Azrael raged. To be denied its freedom now, when
  it burned so, was difficult. Had he been any younger, any less trained, he
  would have failed. "Coven Master, I will take this from here. Do not think
  to flee while I am gone. We will talk upon my return."  
 The room was silent save for both Jenna's and Kary's cries. No one knew
  what to do or say. Cerberus worried at Azrael's last words. The Elder wanted
  to talk to him.  
 David moved Kary slowly, trying to get the boy to let him go. "Hey, it's
  okay now. Azrael will see that everything is put to rights again." Poor kid.
  David wanted to calm him. "I promise."  
 "Put to rights?" Kary looked at him, stunned that the vampire could actually
  look him in the eye when he said that. "How the hell can he put it to rights?
  My Master is dead."  
 "Vincent." Michael brought Jenna with him as he moved to stand beside his
  friend. "Take Jenna, hold her. Let me ask our little brother here a few questions."  
 David nodded. "Listen to me Childe. This is Megel. He is Azrael's First-Born.
  He won't hurt you." Again he gently tried to disengage the young vampire. "Look,
  you have to let me go."  
 Michael reached for him. Soft soothing noises from deep in his chest as
  he pulled him from David. This Childe was young, younger than Michael wanted
  to consider. "Do you remember your name?" He ignored all the others in the
  room as he sought a place to sit. "Mine's Megel. Did that monster strip all
  from you?"  
 "Kary." The boy shook so hard that his teeth rattled. "My name is Kary."  
 More soothing noises as Michael tried to calm the boy down. Disgusted by
  his appearance, from the tattered remains of clothing, to the burn marks on
  his skin, hair stringy from sweat. This Childe couldn't be much older than
  a year or two, maybe a little more. "How old are you Kary? You're full Kin,
  I can tell that, but what is your age?"  
 "Two." A tiny voice, a voice that spoke of knowing more horrors in the last
  three days than Michael had faced in the last thousand years. Lost and without
  life. Freed from Set, the boy was now preparing himself to seek his death.
  To young to survive alone and too hurt, to seek out another, of his Line for
  help. Michael could feel him seeking the way of fading.  
 "Don't do that, Childe." Michael spoke softly, but refrained from forcing
  his will on the boy. The Childe had the right to suicide. He was a Fledgling,
  an orphan now, one that without Kin help would die anyway. "Death can always
  be sought. Wait, my Sire will want to speak to you. Will you not stay your
  fading until you hear what he has to say?" Michael didn't want to see one so
  young die. Resisted the thought that even after death, Set would claim one
  more. "You are hungry Kary. When was the last time you fed?"  
 Gray-blue eyes lifted to focus on Michael's face. "Why?"  
 "Why what Childe?"  
 "Why do you care? I'm not of your Line. I'm a dead man." The pain in his
  words made Michael turn his head.  
 "I'm Kin." Michael whispered. "You're Sire was of Legal Line, I can see
  the mark. My Sire has only just opened a Covenstead for Line and Rogue alike.
  You would find a safe haven there. You're too young to know all your rights,
  and too scarred to seek them out. So I am offering you them. You have a right
  to protection. To be remade if that is what it takes to heal you. To training
  and food at the very least."  
 Cerberus stepped towards them. "If the boy doesn't want to go with the Elder
  if he is frightened, he can remain here. We may be Rogues, but we care for
  our own." He knelt there. "Kary? Right?"  
 "Yes." Why were they all so concerned for him? He was nobody. Set had made,
  him, in just a single day understand that. Why would any other vampire want
  to help him? What did they get out of it? "You let him kill Shiva." His words
  were like ice as he looked at Cerberus.  
 "No, I let no one do anything. He challenged your Sire, your Sire accepted.
  I had hoped that Shiva would be strong enough to take him. I was wrong. But
  I didn't let anyone kill anyone." Then he stopped. "At least not before tonight."  
 "Wait, that is all I will ask of you." Michael brushed his hair from his
  face. "Wait, you owe Azrael that much, he has freed both you and your Sire.
  What harm would it do to speak to him?"  
 Kary lay there, against Michael. Mind lost in consideration of the older,
  vampires, words. It wouldn't matter. He could die anytime. Michael was right.
  He did owe the Elder his gratitude. Shiva was dead now, the pain he had lived
  with over the last three days was over. He felt his Sire's soul slip free,
  and the finality of closure. "Shiva's dead." He whispered.  
 "Yes, completely this time." Azrael stood there before them, eyes glowing
  red with blood. "There was so much." His pained words, "he had so much blood,
  needed it to control those he stole. Megel, help me, I'm drowning."  
 Michael moved, catching his Sire, teeth seeking Azrael's throat. He had
  never seen a vampire drunk on this much blood before, his skin glistened with
  it, and it seeped from his pores. Well, Morgan wouldn't have to complain about
  her masters' diet for a while. Michael thought somewhat amused as he drank.
  If Azrael needed to feed again before next month it would stun him. "Vincent." He
  pulled away full.  
 "Master?" David was hesitant to come closer. Too much blood could be a dangerous
  thing. It could madden a vampire for a while drive them into blood lusts so
  strong that it could be days even weeks before they returned to themselves.  
 "Come Vincent. Bring the boy with you, feed Childe." Azrael fought with
  the beast within him. The feelings of power that the blood brought up in him
  were painfully sweet, but the price of accepting that power was too high for
  him. "Drink, come, all of you." He threw an open invitation, knowing that Michael
  would stop them before it became dangerous.  
 "You heard the, Elder come." Cerberus motioned his folk forward. "He has
  removed a threat to us, aid him."  
 Azrael swooned in ecstasy as mouth upon mouth found him, his throat, his
  arms, his wrists. He felt the fabric of his shirt rip and fangs piercing the
  flesh of his chest. Never before had he fed so many at once. It was heaven,
  a joy unrivaled by any feeding he had ever granted before.  
 Michael watched on, ever vigilant of the amount of blood his Sire was loosing.
  He was amazed at what Azrael had taken on. Fifteen vampires, himself included
  had drank from his Sire and more stood ready as those stepped away. And yet
  the glow was still strong. How many Kin had that bastard killed? How much blood
  had he been forced to carry?  
 "Enough." The power of the blood in Azrael's body was returning to normal,
  it was time to end this. Michael pulled feeding vampires from his Sires body. "He's
  bled enough."  
 One of the younger Rogues chuckled. "I've never had vampire take-out before.
  The old vampire might just be starting the newest rave."  
 "Eris." Cerberus snapped. "Behave. If the Elder is going to abide by the
  law here, you will show him the respect his age deserves. Or go away until
  he leaves."  
 Azrael waved a hand in Cerberus's direction. "It is nothing. I have a half
  dozen or so younglings in my care, I have become accustomed to them." He moved
  to sit by Kary. "Now." He patted his leg. "That we have dealt with the criminal,
  we have time to see what we are to do about the loose stings." He locked gazes
  with Cerberus. "What is your name? How is it you have become a Coven Master
  at such a young age. Where have all these poor lost children stemmed from?" The
  questions were fired off quickly.  
 "I am called Cerberus. My Sire's name was Horus. As to how I became a Coven
  Master at such a young age. Some one had to do it. There are far too many Rogues
  out there, with no one and nothing to help. I find them track them down. Pull
  them out of the holes they dig for themselves and give them a family. The Lines
  have become too inflexible. The promise that if you are orphaned that you can
  seek out one of the Legal Kin and expect help is a lie. So we help ourselves
  now." He was proud of the effort he had made, in his power and his creation.
  This Elder could banish him, strip him of all he had, but he would not be able
  to dispute what he had said. "Unfortunately, we are far too often beset with
  ones like, Set, bitter lost vampires who want to rule the whole world."  
 Azrael nodded. "You are correct. The Elders of the Lines have gotten careless
  in the discharging of their duties to the younger Kin. I am in the process
  of correcting that. You are not the only one with a Covenstead. As to Set,
  I will contact the Lines myself inform them that there are far too many Renegades
  walking free. It gives us a bad name, and offers the Rogues a bad example to
  follow. But you did not answer my question. How have you so many? You say you
  seek them out, but from where. I did not think there were all that many of
  us in the world, that you can stand here with a room so full of Rogue children." He
  held out his hands to the near thirty Rogues in the room.  
 Cerberus shrugged. "It's our way now. Even Rogues need companionship."  
 "But this many?" He counted thirty-three children, none of them other than
  Cerberus and Eris, had seen much more than a century, maybe two tops, yet.  
 Cerberus took a seat, holding a hand out to Eris. "Rogues don't live as
  long, as, Lined vampires. They aren't well trained, have no resources, and
  are victim to Renegade attacks ten times more often than the least trained
  Line Kin is. No one will seek justice for us. I'm the oldest Rogue you will
  find around here. California is full of children. The only reason I have lived
  as long as I have is that I was almost adult when my Sire died. I had completed
  my training I had resources, protections. All I lacked to be Line Kin was my
  adult mark." He hugged the boy in his lap. "These kids aren't as lucky. Their
  sires were Rogue and young when they made them. They are young when they make
  more. It's a vicious cycle. I'm trying to break it, but the problem is just
  so large."  
 It made sense. Children making children because they had no one else, then
  those children making more to ease the loneliness. Something would have to
  be done. These children would have to be hunted down, found places to train.
  This surplus of throw away Kin, must be stopped.  
 "What are you going to do about us?" The only female in the room stepped
  forward. She was a tall lanky girl with red-orange hair and enough tattoos
  to rival a biker. "The Lines kill us as freely as the out casts. What do you
  plan to do to us?"  
 "Do to you? Childe, I have no plans to do anything to you. You have violated
  no law that I can see. Threaten no one. Why would I do anything to you? The
  Lines have gotten paranoid over the last century, and you and those in this
  room are why. The Lines grow so slowly, but the Rogues, they seem to be breeding
  like rabbits. It has to be stopped. Our existence depends on it. But killing
  you is not  the way, and if I find a Line that is doing
  so for no reason, I will challenge it myself."  
 "Pretty words." She whispered. "But how much good are they. It wasn't a
  renegade like Set who killed my Sire and brother, but one, like, you. One,
  who gave Ghede two choices be, a slave, or die. My Sire died instead of bending.
  With him his First-Born who was my brother, Baal, I lived because Baal kept
  him busy long enough for me to run."  
 "Can you name the Vampyr who killed your Sire? Be willing to stand before
  him in a council of Elders and lay charges? It was one thing to make careless
  accusations, quite another to back them up."  
 "If I could." She looked to Cerberus. "You know I'm not lying, read me when
  I came here, just like you read everyone. Tell him."  
 "Titania is telling the truth as she knows it. I found her hiding in the
  basement of an abandoned house, half starved and afraid that her Sire's murderer
  would find her." Good, let the Lines hear what they had wrought.  
 "I'm not doubting you Childe. I know several of the Vampyr who would kill
  a Rogue without questioning them. All I ask for is a name. You say you wish
  to change the way you are treated. Prove it. Give me a name I can call to task.
  Be willing to stand under scrutiny of the Elders. Fight for your rights as
  Kin."  
 "His name was Magnus." It was a name she would never forget. "His sire was--"  
 "Sharra." David whispered. His brother had killed for no reason. He knew
  how hide bound Magnus was, it just never dawned on him that he would go so
  far. "It is my line that owes you girl. Magnus is my brother, we share the
  same Sire." To Azrael, "Knowing Magnus the way I do, I don't doubt that he
  probably did it, just as she said. He is famous for his intolerance."  
 Azrael nodded. Sharra had complained often about her First-Born to him.
  Magnus was the embodiment of what the Line should be, with one flaw. If it
  wasn't law, it was lawless to him. He could not see past the letter and to
  the heart. "So, you believe that your brother might very well be guilty of
  the charge this Childe makes?"  
 "Oh yeah, and then some. Sharra won't even speak to him anymore. If she
  was to go to my Sire and make her complaint, Sharra would seek out the truth,
  and if she found Magnus guilty." He knew his Sire. She would strip Magnus of
  his powers; he would spend the next century or two her slave as she tried to,
  retrain, him. "I'll call Sharra if you want. Let the girl face her. If she
  is telling the truth, Sharra would never harm her."  
 Azrael looked to Cerberus. "So Cerberus, you are Coven Master here. Do you
  wish justice for one in your care?"  
 "Justice?" Cerberus threw back his head and laughed. "Elder, forgive me.
  But you live in a fairy tale world if you believe there will ever be justice
  for our kind. I won't have another here. You came because I had no choice but
  allow it. But if you think I am going to let another Elder of the Lines know
  where I sleep, where those I claim reside, you are a bigger fool than Set.
  I live because I know how to live. And a Rogue doesn't live by letting Lines
  find his lair."  
 "She can come to my realm. I will stand as her advocate. Leave one of my
  Chosen here as promise that she will return." He could not blame the Childe
  for his fear. If what he was saying was true, it was no wonder why so few Rogues
  had answered his summons.  
 "Titania, the Elder is willing to sponsor you, be your advocate. Here is
  your chance girl. Do you want it?" Cerberus had never met any of the Elders
  like Azrael all his dealings were with those like Magnus who were hell bent
  on wiping out all but the Lines. Were there more like this one, or was he alone
  in his stance.  
 Titania bit her lower lip. Could she face her Sire's murderer? Would they
  actually let her have justice? "What if no one will believe me?"  
 "That will not be an option. The truth will come out, all of it." Azrael
  would see to it himself if Sharra wouldn't.  
 "And he won't be able to kill me too. How much protection will I get? He
  will try to kill me." The fear was real, he had sworn as she ran that he would
  track her down.  
 "In my house?" Azrael was shocked. "Girl, no one kills anyone in my house
  without my leave. I give you my word, whether we prove him guilty or not, he
  will not harm you, not then, not ever. You have broken no law, have violated
  no sanctions, you are safe. I will leave one of my own Chosen with Cerberus
  as hostage for your safety."  
 Titania looked at Azrael. He was telling the truth, Cerberus would have
  called him to notice if he hadn't been. No one lied here. "Yes, I'll do it.
  I'll get justice for my Sire, or at least have it heard that he was killed
  for no reason."  
 "Agreed. It will take me some time to see this arranged. You may come with
  me, or stay here. The Dark Paths will remain open to you. If you remain here,
  I will return on the appointed day with Morgan. She will stay here while you
  come with me." He looked to Cerberus. "I am taking you at your word that my
  Chosen will not be harmed here."  
 Cerberus shrugged. "One more or less won't matter here. No one is allowed
  to war within the walls. She will be safe enough. The only problem I will have
  is keeping these boys from trying to court her. We have so few females that
  come here, and so many males. But I will keep her as safe as you keep Titania."  
 "Agreed. Give me some time to settle matters in my lair, care for my pet
  and call those involved. See to my lair and contact those that are needed.
  It will be soon, perhaps not next month or the one after that, but soon. Cerberus
  nodded looking to Kary. "And what of the boy? He's orphaned now, you freed
  his Sire, do you plan to take him or does he stay here?" It really didn't matter
  to Cerberus; the boy was probably going, to, kill himself anyway. That was
  the approved  thing to do once orphaned.  
 Azrael turned his attention to Kary. "You offered me you life, remember.
  When you begged me, to, see your Sire freed. Does your offer still stand?"  
 Kary looked at him. "I remember."  
 "Is your word good Childe? I have the right to claim a life from you. Will
  you live by your own words?" Azrael had no intention of harming the boy, but
  if he didn't force him to live, he would die.  
 "I am yours. I will obey." Shiva was free now, the pain gone. What ever
  this one demanded for payment, he would give, he owed his Sire that.  
 Azrael smiled. "Good, then let us go home. Cerberus I will contact you soon.
  We will do what we must to begin to heal the wrongs committed."  
 "You know where I live." It, rankled, Cerberus, but there was little he
  could do about it. "I will be waiting you call."  
 Azrael stood, reaching for Jenna. "Megel, hold Kary for me as we return
  home. It has been a trying time for him."  
 "You heard your Master pet." Michael took his arm in grasp. "Stay close
  to me, I will protect you."  
 "Soon Titania, I will return soon. And I will see justice." Azrael bowed
  once before seeking the Dark Paths.  
CHAPTER 16  
 Torin met Azrael as they returned. "Here, Master. Let me have her." He had
  begun pulling power for the healing the moment the barrier was shattered and
  he could feel Jenna again. 
 "Ssshh," Azrael gently pulled away, pushing Jenna into Torin's arms. "You
  are home Jenna. I will be here. You let Tori heal you, I will be here as soon
  as he is finished." He looked up at his Chosen. "Heal what you can. Call me
  if you need my help. But for now, I must trust my love to you. I have a Childe
  seeking death on my hands. If I don't convince him of his safety, he will fade." 
 Torin looked at the marks on Jenna's body, tears flowing down his cheeks. "Oh
  God, baby." There was so much, she had been hurt so badly. "Ssshh, wait baby.
  It will be all right, I'll make it all right." Force flowed from him, his own
  power erasing the blood brands on her body. ' At least he wasn't
  a mage, thank you Lady'  . Torin sent a quick prayer of thanks to
  the goddess. If he had been a mage, there would have been no way for Torin
  to heal her; he didn't have that Kind of power, yet. But the beast was only
  a vampire with trumped up psychic abilities. The marks faded under his hands,
  the burns leaving only the faintest of scars on her breasts, buttocks and mound,
  moving to heal the tattered flesh there. They would fade with time. Jenna wouldn't
  have to be reminded of her pain. 
 "Please, baby, let me see." She still suffered; Torin dreaded looking down
  as his fingers parted her legs. He knew what he would find. "How the fuck?" How
  did a vampire blood-bond anyone here? "Baby?" 
 "Balls," she whispered. "Shiny little balls on rods, his whole organ was
  shiny, sharp little balls on rods." The sight would haunt her for the rest
  of her life. "Tori, I'm ruined. Please, I can't live like this. Let me die." 
 "No!" He refused to believe that there was nothing that could be done. "I'll
  heal you, I promise. You've come through bad times before, you'll make it." He
  poured everything he had into her, but other than healing the burns. He couldn't
  remove the brand. It was too total. The mark was seared too deeply into her
  flesh. He couldn't reach it. She would feel no pain, but nor would she ever
  feel anything here again. 
 'There has got to be something I can do'  . He was
  frantic. If he left her like this, a constant reminder of what had been done
  to her, she would die. No one could live with this done, to, them. 'How
  do I cover everything at once'?  That was the problem he had to
  pull a combined power that covered the burn evenly to rebuild the tissue. This
  was not going to be easy. 
* * * 
 Azrael sat Kary down beside him on the couch. "Are you afraid of me Childe?" He
  took the boys hand in his. 
 Kary looked down at the hand that held his. "Yes, Master." What would happen
  to him now? How much more would he have to suffer? 'Shiva'  ,
  his mind cried out to a dead man. 'Forgive me, I wish I had died
  with you'.  
 Azrael tilted his chin up, so that he could look the boy in the eyes. "We
  will talk Kary. I promise you. Grant me the, time, I ask to do what I can to
  help you. If I can give you no reason to want life, I will help you end it.
  But allow me the time to try." 
 "Yes, Master." Was the automatic response for the last several days, "my
  life is yours." 
 "Good, the first thing we will do is get you cleaned. You look to be about
  Billy's size." He turned to David. "Vincent would your pet Billy mind loaning
  this Childe some clothes. I will see to his needs later. But for now, he needs
  a bath and something clean to wear." 
 David nodded. "I will see to it Master. If Kary will come with me, I'll
  get him cleaned up. I'm sure Billy would be happy to loan him a few things." He
  laid a hand on Kary's arm. "Will you come with me?" 
 "Master?" Such pretty eyes, it was a shame there was fear in them. 
 "Go with Vincent. I will be here when you return. We will talk soon." 
* * * 
 Jenna watched Torin's face as he struggled to heal her. "You can't do it,
  can you? I'm going to be like this for the rest of my life." She couldn't feel
  his fingers as the worked inside her or the hand that rested over her sex.
  The scarring was total. She would never feel anything again. 
 "I will heal you, I swear it." But he was beginning to believe she was right,
  that there was nothing he could do to make it better. 
 "At least I have one avenue left." She whispered. "He even mocked me about
  it. Saying the pretty faces were a dime a dozen, but a nice--" she choked back
  a sob. "A nice ass was hard to find. Asked me if my Master ever used me like
  that." More strangled sobs. "Laughed to know that it was Azrael's preferred
  choice with me." 
 "I have no preferred anything on you." Azrael knelt beside them. "I love
  your body, all of it. Your face, your breasts, your form, there is not a portion
  of you that is not lovely to me. Never forget that." He looked to Torin. "Can
  you help her pet?" 
 "I can't get to it. I have to be able to lay my hands on all of the burn
  at once. I can't do it." He wiped a tear from her face. "Forgive me Master,
  I have failed, again." 
 Robyn sat there listening to them. He has to be able to get to the entire
  problem at the same time. She ran the dilemma through her head. It obviously
  wasn't like a regular burn, but more like an infection. Like a rash of some
  Kind that if you didn't treat the whole thing, it would just spread back. "Master." 
 Azrael hated to look up, to look away from his hurting one. "Yes Robyn." 
 "Got a question for you. Isn't there some way to get power there? Mix up
  potions or something. Flush her out, you know like if she had an infection." 
 "It's not that easy pet. This is not an infection, but a chemical reaction
  very similar to a form for acid." 
 "So figure out a solvent. Almost all acids have neutralizers." 
 Torin's head snapped up. "Yes," he looked down at Jenna, then to Azrael. "It
  just might work." 
 "What might work Torin?" Was there, hope? Could his wunderkind have an answer? 
 "A solvent." He pressed Jenna into Azrael's arms. "Blood did this. His was
  stronger than hers, that's how a brand is placed right?" 
 "Yes, what are you getting at Torin?" 
 "Well, what would happen if more blood was introduced? Blood stronger than
  his was. You have a bond with Jenna. Your blood already has altered her. You
  made Mo your pet, gave her your blood and it saved her life. What would happen
  if she were able to get a dose of your blood there? One that has been Magickally
  altered, so that the healing properties are all that remain. I mean think about
  it. That first night I was here, sex was great, but it wasn't till you came
  in me that the soreness faded." 
 "This is a bit different Torin. Yours was sore muscles and I had to consciously
  defuse my blood so if I tore you, you, would not suffer the fate my Jenna is
  suffering." 
 "But don't you get it. You fixed your own blood. I did tear a little that
  first night, the pain wasn't anything to think about, I was having too much
  fun, but when you came that first time in me. The pain was gone. The healing
  properties took over." This was an idea, a workable idea. "So what if I do
  a super healing on your blood, where not only have you fixed your blood where
  it doesn't do anymore damage, but it also increases it's ability to heal." It
  was a good idea, better than anything he had thought of so far was. 
 Azrael considered it. At worst it wouldn't work. But, Torin was right; there
  might just be a chance in this. "What do you want me to do?" 
 "Maria," Torin closed his eyes at the fear and pain in her eyes. "You wouldn't
  have one of those disposable douche things would you?" 
 "No, but there is an old fashion one in the dungeon." 
 Torin didn't even want to know. "Do you know where it is?" She nodded. "Go
  get it." He smiled down at Jenna who lay in Azrael's arms a look of fearful
  hope in her face. "Don't get your hopes up. It might not work, or if it does
  it might take a while." 
 "So what is your plan?" Azrael was ready to try anything. 
 "If I can get you to bleed into the bag, and alter it like you did with
  me. I will see what I can do to up the healing properties in it. It is about
  the only shot I can think of. Blood is pretty powerful stuff, and when used
  in a ritual adds power normally unavailable. I'll make a healing potion out
  of it and see if it is strong enough to counter what that jackass did." 
 Azrael considered it. "But Torin, the amount of blood in my release is small,
  you know that. There are other fluids, there, lubricants, intoxicates similar
  to those in my saliva and bite. I can't swear that you can alter that much
  whole blood." 
 "Okay, so jack off. I need as much as you can give me quickly." 
 Robyn shook her head. Her master was over three thousand years old, and
  he couldn't figure this out. "Uh, guys." She raised her hand a little. "Got
  an idea. If Azrael can alter the blood before it comes out in sex, why don't
  you just do it that way? Or do you have to work on it before it gets into her?" 
 "No, not if I'm ready when he does." He reached over and kissed her. "Goddess,
  I love you Blue." 
 "Hey, like it's part of the package deal right?" She hugged him. "You get
  strapped with Zak and William for in-laws, I get a whole house full. Now go
  do your stuff." 
 "If I don't see you before light, I'll ask for some time with you tomorrow
  night." He kissed her once more. "Azrael might want me to stay with Jenna come
  light. It's just an hour or so off." 
 "Robyn, go to Megel, ask him if he would chain you for me tonight. Tell
  him I want Mark to stay with you." He smiled at her softly. "You do what my
  boy tells you to do. You will be in a bed." 
 Robyn closed her eyes. "Okay. Take care of everything, I'll see you later." 
 "Have fun precious." 
* * * 
 David sat on the edge of the tub as Kary bathed. "Azrael will have all those
  obscene marks removed from you." The kid looked like hell. Set had branded
  him with perverse sexual designs. "That bastard never hurt you like he hurt
  Jenna did he? Your rectum isn't scared, is it?" 
 "No Master. He did that to himself for her, and her only. He threatened
  me with it, just as soon as he tried it out on the girl, but." There really
  wasn't anything else to be said. Set was dead. He would never be able to hurt
  anyone else again. "Will my new Master brand me as well?" 
 David thought about this. So far the only two people in the house that carried
  Azrael's brand were Michael and Maria. "Don't know, I guess would depend on
  exactly what you were to him. But if he does, Megel or I can keep it from hurting." 
 Kary touched a marred mark on his chest, over his left breast. "He ruined
  it." The words were softly spoken, but the pain in them was strong. "Shiva
  gave me his mark, the night the transformation was complete and I was true
  Kin. Set, he--he ruined it." 
 David reached out for him. The Childe was in so much pain. Azrael needs
  to let this one die. Or remake him. "Come on up Kary. Let's get you dried off
  and dressed. Azrael will tell you where you are staying at light. 
 "I loved that mark." He never looked up. His attention on the once lovely
  brand that Set had mutilated, "I was his, and he loved me." He looked up, tears
  in his eyes. "He loved me! Just the way I was. He didn't ask me to pretend
  to be something I wasn't." 
 "I know Kary. Believe me, I know. I love Lilith like life itself. I understand
  how your Sire felt. Maybe Azrael can save it, or at least part of it for you.
  Ask him. Don't be afraid, just reach out to him. If you try to accept him,
  he will move heaven and earth to help you." 
 Anna met David as they returned. "Hi, is he all right?" Michael had explained
  things briefly before taking Joseph to bed. 
 "Working on it. Where is everyone?" 
 "Gone. Azrael and Tori took Jenna and left. Megel drug Cain to bed, he kept
  falling asleep on him. The humans are locked up for the night. Megel asked
  it you would keep Kary. I'm going to go sleep with Selene." 
 David turned to Kary. "Would you mind sleeping with me? If you would rather
  not, I'll find you a room to sleep in. I'll put you out till one of us wakes
  you tomorrow. That way I won't have to worry about you doing something unwise." 
 Kary stepped closer to David. "I--I don't want to be alone." He wouldn't
  look up. He couldn't look anyone in the face. 
 "Sleep well honey, I'll see you tomorrow night. Remember, you have to eat
  in." 
 "I will, take care." 
 David watched as Anna led Selene out of the room. "Well, I guess we need
  to call it a night." He reached for Kary's hand. "You want me to hold you tonight?" 
 Kary looked up at him. Would he want to, would it hurt like it had with
  Set? Would he make him? "If you want to, Master." 
 David snorted. "I hate when someone says that. Come on Kary, we'll work
  out logistics once we're in bed." 
* * * 
 Jenna lay with Azrael, crying as he touched her. "Please, Master, don't
  do this." She couldn't bear him touching her right now, not like this, with
  her unable to feel him. 
 "Ssshh," Azrael kissed her. "I understand precious, really I do. But I must.
  If there is a chance to heal you, I will take it." He kissed one breast then
  the other. "Lay back Jenna. If this doesn't work, I will never touch you again
  without your request." He smiled down at her, his eyes shining with his love
  and pain. "I will always be here for you my love. But I will allow you the
  space you will need to come to terms with this." 
 "Master." She moved to press closer against him. "Promise me something,
  if Tori can't heal me, if I have to carry his handiwork for the rest of my
  life. Promise me you'll kill me. Don't make me live like that. I don't feel
  like I'm yours anymore. He made me beg for this, made me like it. If I have
  to walk around with that as a reminder, I'd rather be dead." 
 Azrael fought back a cry of anguish. She deserved to live. He had promised
  her life, one free of fear, of hunger or pain. He had failed to live up to
  his word. "I promise you Jenna. I will not make you live if you cannot stand
  to be with me anymore. I would free you if I could." He kissed her. "Please
  precious, I will never touch you again, I swear it. I will see to your every
  need. Please do not ask me to kill you." 
 Jenna held him. "Make love to me Master, one last time. I love you, and
  I know you love me." She lifted his head. "And I know, if this doesn't work,
  I won't be forced to live like this. I trust you to make it painless, and loving.
  And when I go to my sleep, it will be remembering my first true night with
  you." She could taste his blood in his tears. "The night I gave you my soul." 
 Torin watched on, praying that everything would work out. He couldn't see
  losing Jenna. She had just become part of his life; he wanted to share his
  feelings for Robyn with her. Watch the two of them become friends, and develop
  a partnership between them. "It will work, it has to." 
 "Torin, if it fails, please understand if I break." Azrael pulled his Chosen
  close. "I believe you are doing the best you can. I know you love her. If it
  does not work, you must not feel as if you failed. You did not, no one has
  ever been able to remove a brand like this." 
 Torin pulled away angrily. "It will work, I'll make it work. Jenna won't
  die. Do both of you hear me? I will make it work, and then we can forget all
  this." 
 Azrael realized if it failed to work, he would have his hands full. His
  grief would be paralyzing, but Torin would consider himself a failure, blame
  himself, for her death. For being, unable, to save her, so much was riding
  on a hope. "Let us pray you are right my love. By all means, let us pray you
  are right." 
 The softness of Azrael's touch, cut at, Jenna. Gentle was not the word for
  his actions as he began to make love to her. His every touch, every move was
  as soft and loving as an evening breeze before a spring shower. His slowness
  touched her. He was imprinting her memory in his heart. He was preparing to
  do what she had begged. She cried against his lips, mouth opening to him. * You
  are beautiful. *  Her, thought, were gentle as they touched
  Azrael's mind and heart. * I have cherished every moment we have
  had together. You gave me happiness, and true love. For that I thank you. *  
 * My life will be empty without you. You I would have, one
        day, been made my Childe. I am sorry, I thought I had all the time I
        wanted for you. *   He could have wept at the sound of
        her, moans, as he loved her. Would he lose this? Would fate be so cruel
        as to steal a soul so pure as his love's from his life? 
 Torin chewed on his lip as he held the power. Controlling the wild tide
  of life essence within him. He had never manipulated such a surge in a healing
  before. But what had he to lose? If it was too much and killed her it would
  be doing both her and Azrael a favor. He could live knowing that he had had
  a hand in Jenna's death. Had been an agent of mercy. Azrael would grieve for
  her, but not like he would if he had to kill her. No if it didn't work, it
  was best if he killed her. 
 Azrael had avoided touching her where the brands, scarring, was present.
  Knowing that the fact she could feel nothing would hurt her. So he worked hard
  on the rest of her body, bringing as much pleasure to her as he could call
  up. But it was time. He would make love to her. Knowing that even as he did,
  she would lay under him, her head hidden in his hair, feeling nothing. "I love
  you." 
 Jenna's heart held on to those three simple words as her, masters; weight
  came down on her. They, was a, shield, against the pain she was feeling, a
  barrier against the knowledge that this was, her, last, night. That if a miracle
  didn't save her, save them both, this would be her last night with the only
  man who she had ever fully loved. 
 Torin was ready, waiting for Azrael's signal. He worked on control, running
  through, every exercise, he had been taught to master his channels and the
  power in them. Preparing to either save his love or give her peace. Hardening
  his soul for the duty he had to perform. "I'm ready." 
 It was lifeless. There was nothing there. Set had killed a portion of her.
  She could feel each thrust through the rest of her body, but it never touched
  her. Her soul that opened at times like this remained closed, and her heart,
  which beat solely for her, Master, broke. She cried into his shoulder, sharing
  her pain and her loss with him. Knowing, without looking up, that he mourned
  with her. She was not alone in her pain. And for that moment, the terrible
  loss was shared, and she almost felt like she was his again. 
 It was so hard. How was he to spend any passion on his pet? It was taking
  an act of will, and will alone to remain erect inside her. There was no pleasure,
  no joy. Could simple stimulation be enough? If his heart and soul wasn't in
  this, could his body be. 
 Suddenly Torin was there. Loving, caring, honest emotions flowed over him.
  Reminding him of how it felt when he could feel his girl. Jenna couldn't open
  to him now, but Torin reminded him of the joy that had been his when she had.
  And with that joy a hope. If all worked, as it should. If this crazy attempt
  to undo the past succeeded, he would feel this again. 
 Now!     Azrael buried
  himself in Jenna, releasing his blood filled fluids into her. Feeling the raging
  healing force that poured from Torin, through him and into Jenna. With this
  feeling, came an understanding. It would either heal or kill. Torin had made
  the choice for him, had saved him from himself. The die had been cast live
  or die, his Chosen had saved him. 
 Jenna screamed with the burning force that filled her, starting in her groin
  and rolling outward to submerge her entire body in the painful purity of it. 'Yes'  !
  Her mind locked onto the sensations. She could feel the pain was burning away
  the numbness. She embraced it, cherished it, and prayed it would never stop.
  Better, this, than the nothingness she had suffered. 
 Torin felt consciousness slipping even as he emptied everything he had into
  her. He fought to hold on, he couldn't leave now. But the darkness would not
  be put off, it swallowed him, and with it an end to his pain. 
* * * 
 Azrael moved slowly, pulling out, waiting for some word from her. She lived
  her chest rose and fell. But would her continued life be a blessing or a curse.
  And Torin, his bright loving Mageling he lay unmoving to the side. Azrael was
  torn, which to reach for first. "Jenna? Love?" 
 Her eyes opened slowly, large tear filled brown eyes that looked up at him
  with love and, did he dare hope, joy. "Master." She sobbed throwing her arms
  around him. The coldness was gone. The emptiness in her soul once again filled
  with his light. "I feel you." 
 He held her, his tears mingling with hers as they kissed. She was healed.
  The impossible had occurred, his love was returned to him, fully and whole. "I
  will never allow you to be put in danger again. I will see to it that you carry
  my mark. Forgive me for not being strong enough to bear the discomfort it would
  cause me." 
 Jenna caught his hand. "Do it. Please Azrael, I can't bear thinking that
  I am not completely yours." 
 "I will, I promise. I will mark you; I will mark each and every one of you.
  No one will ever be able to do what was done to you again." 
 "Torin?" Jenna gasped taking in his unconscious form. "Is he?" 
 "He is alive." Azrael pulled away from Jenna, gathering Torin's limp body
  close to his. "He gave us everything he had. He healed you precious. Had he
  not been willing to do what ever was necessary, you would have been lost to
  me." Azrael poured life energy back into Torin he was so dangerously low. "He
  will be a little confused when he wakes. It will take a few moments for him
  to get his bearings." 
 Azrael was mistaken. Torin's eyes snapped open as consciousness slammed
  back into him. "Jenna?" 
 "You did it love. She is healed." Azrael released him, smiling with happiness
  as Torin threw himself at Jenna. "We are both healed." 
* * * 
 David undressed, watching the boy. The kid wasn't looking all that hot.
  He personally doubted that the Childe would live to see the end of the week.
  He was too young to have lost his Sire. "Kary?" 
 "Yes, Master?" 
 "Hey, try looking up when you talk to me. I'm not your Master, Azrael is." David
  sat on the bed beside him. "It's okay Kary, he's my master too. He's not like
  Set was. He'd never do this--." his hand indicated the marks that covered Kary's
  torso and back. 
 Kary eyed him. "What will he do to me?" 
 David shrugged. "Your guess is as good as mine. My Master works in some
  of the damnedest ways. But I will say this what ever he does he'll do because
  he wants to help you. Believe that, Azrael is the one vampire other than my
  Sire that I have complete confidence in. He will do everything in his power
  to help you. But you have to let him. Do you understand? You have to want this
  help, be willing to try." He cupped Kary's face in his hands. "Living isn't
  as tough as you think. He will help you to learn to love it again, if you let
  him." 
 Kary didn't resist as David pulled him into his lap. Body unresponsive as
  he half lay against him. If he was, quiet, put up no fight, would the older
  vampire hurt him? After what Set had done to him, could her be hurt? "Wh-what
  are you going to do to me Master?" 
 "Kary, one more time, I am not your Master. Call me Vincent, or David, or
  Davy like my boys do. But don't call me Master. As to what I'm going to do,
  nothing if you don't want me to. I'd love to see if I can give you something
  to replace some of the horror that jackass forced on you, but I won't if you
  don't want me to." He cocked his head to one side, smiling comically. "So what
  do you say? Dawn is soon, should I just let you go to sleep, or give you something
  nice to dream about when you do?" 
 Kary sighed. He should have expected this. Did actually. Yet he had asked
  to stay with him. Knowing full well how the older vampire would act. Shiva
  had never taken him to sleep with him unless they shared love first. And these
  vampires were so very like his Sire, quiet and, kind, gentle and understanding. "I--my
  name is Christian." He looked up. "Shiva gave me that name." 
 David smiled down at the fearful hope in the boys' eyes. "And mine named
  me Vincent. Do you want to be known by that or Kary?" 
 Kary leaned up, pressing his face into the nape of David's neck. "You'd
  call me Christian?" Set had drug his old name out of him, telling him he no
  longer deserved his vampiric name. 
 "Well of course I will. It's your name isn't it?" 'That's it sugar,
      open up'  . David's arms tightened around Kary. "If you want,
      no one will call you anything else." 
 Kary/Christian drew himself up, reaching for David's shoulders. "Say it.
  Say my name." He needed to hear it. To have another Kin speak it before he
  would believe it to be true. 
 David understood how important, a, vampires'Gift Name was to him. It was
  part of the rebirth. It was a living, constant symbol of a vampire's new life. "Look
  into my eyes Christian, trust me. I have a Childe, I know what your name means
  to you, and more importantly, in a small way, what it meant to your Sire. Kary
  died the night Christian was born, so all you, are, is Christian now, and I
  will never address you as anything but that." The boy fell into his arms crying,
  the pain of his loss finally being allowed to be set free. "That's the way.
  Go on, I'll hold you." 
 Christian, never again Kary, only Christian felt the arms that held him,
  the hand that stroked his hair with gentle compassion, the brush of air across
  his neck as David whispered to him, talking of tomorrow's, of a life that wouldn't
  be filled with pain and loneliness. Of learning to be happy and find love again. 
 He let David take the lead. He needed this, his Sire was dead, and he hurt
  so badly. He needed someone to hold him, to make him feel like he had value
  again. His world was so confused. "Vincent?" 
 David looked up from where his head had been resting against Christian. "What's
  wrong?" 
 If Christian's kiss surprised him, he hid it well. Allowing more strength
  in his hold as his mouth returned the needing kisses. "I want to dream of nice
  things." 
 Azrael would love this one, if he could be saved. "Are you sure Christian?
  I don't want to do anything that might hurt you. You're young, do you understand
  what you're asking?" 
 Christian looked at him, a look of confused longing radiated from his face. "I
  think I'm asking you to make love to me. I thought that's what you were offering." He
  chewed on his lip. "You were weren't you?" 
 "Ssshh," David kissed him. "Yes. I would love to make love to you. You can
  hide for now in the pleasure I offer." His fingers worked over the buttons
  of the denims he wore. "Answer me a question Christian." 
 "Uh-hu?" 
 "Do you hurt much? How careful do I need be?" He captured Christian's face
  between his hands, feeding on his mouth. "I'm not like that bastard, no one
  here is. Talk to me baby, are you in pain?" 
 Pain. Could the older vampire ever understand how much pain he was in. "My
  hurts aren't really physical anymore. The brands have healed." Large blue-gray
  eyes searched his face. "I hurt inside." 
 David relaxed a little. The boy looked so bad, but he was healthy, the burns
  had healed. "Poor little brother." The pains of grief would take time, but
  even they would heal if Christian would let them. "As I love you, take some
  of the joy I plan to shower you with and let it soothe your hurts. If there
  is anything I can do, any of us, to help you now, would you tell me?" 
 The sob that broke free was more a feeling than an actual break. "Make me
  forget." 
 Forget, the, Childe wanted to forget. David nodded as he pressed soft light
  kisses along the line of his jaw. He could grant that, a few moments of forgetfulness,
  something to make the hurt fade for a few minutes. 
 Anna had come to him a few nights before, trying to understand why Selene
  behaved the way she did, and what could she do to help her. David found it
  funny in a sick way that he now was having to employ the same advice he had
  given her, on yet another Childe that had suffered the exact same fate by the
  same monster. He let him pull close, hide in the simplicity of physical pleasure,
  using the body's own senses to dull the inhibitions was impossible in truth,
  but a brief dulling of the memories was possible. It had worked on Selene.
  She was beginning to live again. He prayed it would do the same for Christian. 
CHAPTER 17  
 Zak stuck his head into the bedroom where William was staying. "Love?" A
  twisted lump of flesh moved on the bed, as three bodies began to separate. "Zak?" William
  sat up, tousle haired and sleepy-eyed. "Hi." 
 Zak smiled at both Jason and Amber as he sat beside William on the bed. "Did
  you sleep well love? Forgive me for not coming to check in on you, but we had
  an emergency that had to be dealt with." Would he never get accustomed to the
  wonderful feel of William in his arms? "Did you have any problems?" 
 William shook his head. "There was a moment, but I got over it. So what
  happened? Robyn okay?" 
 "First of all, the emergency had nothing to do with my Grand-Sire's new
  Chosen. Robyn is fine, wonderful to be exact. She is hoping that you come to
  terms with this soon." He squeezed him. "No, the emergency was with one of
  Azrael's pets." 
 "Who?" Both Jason and Amber sat up looking at Zak intently. 
 "Jenna was taken by a Renegade." Zak had to hold up his hands to get attention
  again. "She's fine now. Azrael along with Megel and Vincent found her and brought
  her home. Relax, it's over." 
 "How did Robyn do last night?" William found that biting Zak along the jaw
  line, right under the chin, caused his lover to tremble. 
 "Stop that, I'm trying to talk." William's aggressions went quite a ways
  to reassuring Zak that he was going to be all right with this. 
 "Don't want to talk." After last night, William needed a little solidity. "Want
  to ball." Fingers began to work loose the buttons of Zak's shirt. 
 Zak moaned softly. "What the hell did you do last night?" 
 "I think he decided he liked the way we live." Jason laughed as William
  single-handedly pinned Zak to the bed. "Maybe we should go see about Jenna,
  and leave these two alone." 
 Amber shook her head. "I think we've created a monster." 
 "He's a vampire, he should be able to handle it. Let's go." 
* * * 
 The house was already up and active by the time Jason and Amber entered
  Azrael's nighttime chambers. Jenna was resting in Azrael's lap, listening to
  Torin and Robyn banter back and forth with each other. 
 "I just heard." Jason draped himself over Michael. "What happened?" 
 Michael adjusted himself so that Jason and Amber could curl up with him. "The
  same monster that abused my little sister tried to kidnap Jenna. It was a worrisome
  hour or two. But she is home now, and thanks to Torin, healed." 
 "Who is that?" Amber pointed to Christian who was still with David. 
 "That's Christian. Set killed his Sire, and abused him. Azrael brought him
  home to see if he could save him from himself. Though it looks like Vincent
  might have done the job for him. 
 "Davy can be quite a motivator when he wants to be. He's had been helping
  Lilith with relating to Selene before Azrael put her under his protection.
  He's really good with young ones." He grinned at Michael. 
 "Yes, and he has calmed down quite a bit since coming here." Michael nuzzled
  Jason's throat. He was hungry, had been hungry almost all the time since taking
  Joseph as his Childe. His two just weren't enough to keep him fed with the
  new demands on him. He would have to hunt out a third soon. "So where is Gabriel?
  He was looking for William." 
 Both Jason and Amber laughed. "Oh, he found him all right. They should be
  along in a little while." Jason lifted his chin. "Go on Master, you haven't
  fed from me in four days, I'm fine." He whimpered as the brief flash of pain
  gave way to the warming pleasure. Fingers locked in Michael's hair as his body
  lifted to press against his. Michael had been so good to him, so loving and
  understanding as he learned to live under new rules. He went to bed each morning
  thanking the fates for his Master, and rose every evening ready to give Michael
  anything he wanted to show how much he loved him. 
 David watched Christian as the boy took in everything around him. Eyes drinking
  in the sights of contentment, of Kin and Kine alike, that were, not living
  in hell. "You're awfully quiet Christian, what are you thinking about?" 
 Christian graced him with a quick look before his eyes dropped. "Nothing
  really. I was just watching how the others here behaved." His eyes kept being
  drawn to where Azrael sat. "He hasn't looked at me yet. Do you think he's forgotten
  I'm here?" Could he hope? 
 "I sort of doubt that Christian. He's still recovering from what was done
  to Jenna. They're linked, blood-bonded. He suffered everything she felt, you're
  safe with me, and he knows that. Rest, he knows you're here and will talk to
  you soon enough." 
 Christian nodded, but rest wasn't going to be easy for him. He wanted to
  know what was going to happen to him. This vampire, who so far had not done
  more than acknowledge him, owned him now. His life and its continuance were,
  completely, up to him. He had made him promise to be patient. To give it and
  him a chance before he tried fading again. 
 Azrael was aware of the boys' eyes on him. Had been conscious of it all
  evening. But had chosen to ignore the looks. He wanted to allow the Childe
  a chance to see how others fared in his keep. But he needed to take time to
  see to the Childe's care. The burns and the scars still needed to be removed.
  The boy was probably starving and still lost, as to the, what, and the and
  why, of his life now. "Jenna, dearest, go play with Mark. Torin and I need
  to attend to Christian." David had informed the house of the boys' vampiric
  name the moment they gathered, and his desire to be called it. 
 Christian heard his name. Azrael had remembered him. Well, it was time,
  good or bad, he'd know now. "Did you call me Master?" 
 "No, but I was about to. Kiss Vincent goodbye for now and come here. You
  and I have things we need to take care of." He laughed as Christian hugged
  David with a desperate passion. "Oh really now, what are you doing. You act
  as if I am going to spirit you away and never allow you to see him again." Azrael
  wondered what it was about David that had attracted the boy so strongly. 
 He refused to cry. It didn't matter what happened now; he wouldn't make
  a fool out of himself anymore. It was bad enough that after David had made
  love to him, he cried himself to sleep, but to break down and blubber like
  a baby here in front of all these people. "Master?" He knelt by the chair. 
 "Come here Childe." Azrael reached for him. "You are still frightened, why?
  I am assuming that Vincent and you got along quiet nicely. Why are you still
  afraid?" 
 Christian tried to speak, but words just wouldn't come. How do you tell
  someone that for the most part, fear is all you can feel? David had gone some
  ways to helping him control it, but it wasn't gone. "Wh--what are you going
  to do with me, Master?" 
 "Several things. First and foremost, have Tori remove these obscenities
  from you. It is disgraceful what that mad thing did to you. Then I will see
  you fed." He nodded at Christians surprised gasp. "What did you think I was
  going to starve you? 
 "Once I have you healed and fed, I plan to see if I can save you. Your mind
  is not stable now, do you understand. What Set did to you, combined with the
  sudden death of your Sire has left you weak and unable to care for yourself." 
 "And if you can't make it better?" Would he kill him? Please, he prayed.
  Please, god let me die. 
 "Then I have two choices. I can give you back your life, and allow you to
  fade. Or I can re-make you. I was unable to offer this to Selene, who had suffered
  like you, but you are still young enough, your Sires mark though dead still
  has power in it. I could make you mine." He smiled at him. "Or if you prefer,
  Vincent might be willing to be talked into taking you." 
 Re-made. The Elder would be willing to remake him. He fought down tears
  again. It was the kindest thing a vampire could do for one in his situation.
  Offer to take him into their Line. Shiva would have done it for someone like
  him. He knew this. Had Shiva been the one to kill Set, any slave that he discovered,
  had they been orphaned Kin. Shiva would have offered them his Line and his
  protection. 
 "Cry." Azrael tightened his grip. "Go one Childe, cry. You have earned each
  and every tear you shed. Mourn your loss, do not ever be ashamed for the love
  you feel, and the pain the loss causes you." 
 Christian fought and lost his battle with tears. Why did these vampires
  have to be so understanding, so kind? Why were they so intent on convincing
  him to live? He had been praying for death, began the moment he watched his
  Sire brutally bested, tortured, and, then, killed. But now, with hope being
  dangled before him, a new life, a new Sire, the pain healed and forgotten.
  Now death was becoming less and less attractive. "I should have died with him." His,
  voice, little more than a tortured whisper. 
 "Perhaps, but you did not. Now answer me a question. Would your Sire expect
  or demand your life? If he were here, what would he have you do?" It was a
  gamble, a shot in the dark. But Azrael was willing to bet that Shiva wasn't
  that hide bound. 
 "He--He'd want me to go on." He hid his face in the fabric of Azrael's shirt,
  stroking the cool silk. "But I feel dead inside. How do you live like this?" The
  loss and confusion he felt began to overcome the pain. 
 "You can not pet. You are too young have, none of the training's that would
  enable you to heal. I am afraid you have two choices, die or have another re-make
  you." He lifted the boys' face, "I would grant you that Christian. Any here
  would. If your Sire would have wanted you to live, then grant him the wish
  he never had a chance to voice. Live here, with those I claim." 
 "Master." David knelt by his chair. "If Christian would rather, and you
  permit. I will take him. I think you overwhelm him a bit. Shiva was closer
  to my age. You're just too much for him to absorb." 
 "Is that true Christian? Vincent has offered to stand in my stead if it
  would make you more comfortable. Would you protest? Does my allowing him to
  take you upset you, or would you see it as a boon?" 
 Christian looked at David from where he sat, half hiding in Azrael's arms. "You'd
  give me to him?" There was the lightest whisper of hope in his voice. 
 "If it would help you to heal, yes. Despite what you have seen from Set
  and those poor lost children who call themselves the Warlock's. Most of the
  Lines have no desire to kill or terrorize Rogues or orphans. You were a victim,
  innocent of wrong. Now answer me. Will you let one of us take you as our Childe?" 
 He was afraid, afraid to say yes, yet equally afraid to say no. If he chose
  to live, to bond himself to one of them, would he be forced to give up his
  love for Shiva? Would the re-making cause him to forget everything of his past? "Master?" 
 Azrael stroked his hair letting the boy rest against him. "Yes Childe?" 
 "What happens to me if I say yes? Will I be forced to give up my past? You
  gonna take Shiva from me?" 
 "Christian, answer me a few questions. How long were you with your Sire?" 
 "Eight years Master." 
 "How old were you when he took you?" 
 Christian 'blushed'  . "Eleven. Shiva pulled me from
  my parent's car. They were dead. He saved my life." 
 David smiled nodding. "Yes, my Sire found me as an orphan as well, and raised
  me as her Childe, long before I was." 
 "How long before he told you what he was?" Azrael looked from Christian
  to David. Perhaps allowing Vincent to take this one as his Childe is the thing
  to do. Both were taken into care at such a young age. They would understand
  each other. Azrael contemplated. "Tell me of your life Christian. How you Sire
  cared for you, how old were you when he became your lover, your Sire. Help
  me to understand how best to help you." 
 Christian sighed. "He told me that night. Had to there, was no, other way
  he could have kept me with him. He was hurt when he pulled me from the car
  it blew up. He--" a soft catching of his breath as he fought to keep from breaking
  again. "He protected me with his own body. By the time he had me back to his
  lair, he was so bad off. I wanted to call an ambulance, but he wouldn't let
  me. He told me then so I wouldn't expose him." 
 Azrael could just imagine what that must have looked like. This Childe in
  his arms a, baby, and a young vampire trying to convince him that calling for
  outside help would be useless. "What happened then?" 
 "When he showed me what he was, I--" he looked up at Azrael, "I passed out." There
  was no shame, no embarrassment. He had been a kid. "When I woke up it was the
  next day. Shiva had locked me in this room he had in his basement. He had left
  food and a letter promising me that he would be back to check on me at dark.
  Told me not to be afraid, he wouldn't hurt me and he'd make sure I was taken
  care of." 
 "So you waited. Poor thing, so young and newly hurt." Again Azrael tightened
  his arms, attempting to pass some of his own strength and peace to the Fledgling
  now in his care. 
 "Yeah, and when he came down that night, I was ready to climb the walls," a
  ghost of a smile. "He spent the rest of the night calming me. My parents were
  dead, I only had one uncle and he was not anyone I wanted to live with, so
  Shiva said I could stay with him. He would keep me as his," now flustering
  just a little and a little embarrassed. "I didn't know what he meant by that
  at first. All I thought was that I could live with him, that he would do what
  ever adults did when the wanted to take care of a kid." 
 "So you lived with Shiva. How old were you when the temptation of having
  you close became to much for your Sire." Trust was so important to Kin. To
  have been the one to have found him, and then be forced to wait due to age
  to claim him and the rewards of that trust. It must have been hard. 
 "I don't understand. How old was I when he made love to me the first time?" 
 "No, how old were you when he first began to claim you. I am sure you were
  older than, eleven, when he became your lover. I refuse to believe that a vampire
  noble enough to risk death to save a child from a burning car would be so crass
  as to force himself on that child before he was old enough. How old were you
  when he first fed from you." 
 "Thirteen. It had been my birthday. I was depressed, my father had promised
  me a dirt bike for my thirteenth birthday. And I was missing my folks all over
  again. Shiva, he--he planned this party for me, called several of his friends
  to come." Again, 'the blush'  , "I was used to how vampires
  were by then, and knew when any of them were around that it was best if I sit
  in Shiva's lap and stay close. He accused me of being, too pretty, for my own
  good. Well he threw me this party, and as his birthday present to me he claimed
  me as his pet. He bit me." Christian shuddered at the memory, the pain and
  then. "I was mature for my age, or so he kept telling me, which was why he
  had such a hard time keeping himself from me. But after he bit me," Christian
  refused to be ashamed. "He wouldn't go all the way, said I needed a little
  time to get used to belonging to him, but he that's the night it began. The
  first time he fed from me. The first time he kissed me." He could still remember
  the feel of it all. The mouth on his throat hands on his body. Smiling eyes
  that made him want to melt right where he was. And the first kiss, Shiva had
  loved him. He never really believed it before that night. But as his master
  drank from him, and then held him so lovingly, he accepted that love. "For
  the rest of that night, I went no where. Shiva wouldn't even let me go to the
  bathroom without him," another 'blush'  . "His friends
  made fun of him when we returned, almost an hour later." His eyes opened at
  Azrael's chuckled. "He didn't do it then." He was defensive. "We just, well
  . . .." 
 "Childe, there is more to love and trust that just doing it, as you put
  it. I am sure your Sire was careful with you. But you were young, didn't his
  attentions so sudden frighten you?" 
 Christian played over the night in his head. His standing, there, trying
  not to act embarrassed as he went to the bathroom. Shiva coming up behind,
  him hands and mouth on him again. He moaned softly with the memory. A firm
  grip turning him, again that wonderful kiss's a voice in his ear. "Do you trust
  me Kary?" And Shiva going to his knees was he afraid, no? Shiva had never frightened
  him not after that, first, night. "No, Shiva loved me, I loved him. I knew
  he would never hurt me." His head lifted, mouth-seeking Azrael's as the images
  played on in him. "He made me his." 
 Azrael kissed him softly, letting Christian hide for a moment in the memories
  of past pleasures. He knew it wasn't he that the boy was kissing in his mind,
  but his dead Sire. "Wait Childe." Azrael pushed him back gently as the boy
  clung to him, trying to lose himself in his memories. "Ssshh, I will hold you,
  allow you to feel pleasure again soon enough, but for now finish your tale." 
 Christian sighed resting his head against Azrael's shoulder again. "From
  that point on I was his. He taught me how two people could love each other
  without going too far. Said I would have to wait till I was fifteen before
  he would take me to his bed. That's the way he said it. 'I'm sorry my sweet,
  but I can't take what you offer until you are older.' It was so, I wanted to
  jump him then and there, but Shiva just laughed and told me that I would have
  to be content with what I had for now." 
 "So you became his pet. I am going to assume by your willingness to lay
  here that your training was gentle." The boy was almost virginal, but he was
  a trusting sort. 
 "Yeah, he only had to punish me once, and that was a couple of nights later
  when I wouldn't undress. I was still shy. But one spanking was enough for me.
  I did what I was told from then on." A slight shrug, "after a few weeks, nothing
  weirded me out anymore and I was happy." 
 "So you lived with him as a lap toy for two years before he took you to
  his bed. How old were you when he made you his Childe?" 
 "Sixteen." 
 "You must have been quite a temptation, the times are different now, we
  try to refrain from taking our children so young. But five years is quite a
  time to wait when you are young. So you became his Childe, was the transformation
  an easy one? Should we expect reactions?" 
 "No, I--it was real calm. Shiva was surprised how well I took it. I had
  a few nights of shakes, but that's all. No pain, no hives, nothing." 
 "Cain was like that. I kept waiting for him to react like Lilith did, but
  nothing. One moment he was mortal, and the next he wasn't." David was surprised
  to see another that the change caused no hardship to. "You know how soon he
  finished the change." 
 Azrael looked to Michael's new Childe. "Yes, Cain is rather special," then
  to Christian. "And it would appear that so are you. Now, I want you to think
  on something while Torin heals you. You will die without a new Sire. You are
  far too young to stand without one at the moment. You will find that any Kin
  here happy to offer you their protection. You must decide. I would never force
  a decision like this on an orphan so you must choose to welcome the change." 
 Christian looked to him, his face a mixture of emotions. "But, Master, you
  never answered my question. Will I lose the past?" 
 Azrael tisked shaking his head, "no Christian, I would never take memories
  you hold so dear from you. Shiva did well with you. His Line would be proud.
  Did you know his Sire? Meet any of his family? That is an option I had not
  thought to ask you." If the boy knew his Kin, letting him return would be easier
  for all involved. He knew how he had felt with word that Thorne's Childe had
  lived. 
 "No." His whisper was soft. "Shiva was the last of Kali's children, she
  died long before I came into the picture. The rest, I don't know them at all,
  Shiva avoided them." 
 Kali's Grand-Childe, Azrael thought amazed 'I have Kali's Grand-Childe
      in my arms'  . "I knew your Sire's, Sire. I should have known
      he was hers with his name. Kali was an old friend of mine, like Sharra,
      our Masters came from the same Line. We are cousins you and I. You're Grand-Sire
      and I shared the same Grand-Sire. And I know why Shiva spared you from
      meeting his brothers. I did not think to connect your Sire with who he
      really was, before now. Kali died saving your Sire. He had been on his
      own for such a short time when he was set upon the first time. Kali heard
      his cry and went to his rescue. I know because I went with her. She died
      saving Shiva, and I killed those that killed her. But I lost the boy, he
      fled thinking perhaps that I was one of those that had attacked him. I
      called her other children; Krishna and Vishnu but they would not seek out
      their little brother. They blamed him for their Sires death." This one
      was close enough to family by Azrael's reckoning to be entitled to blood
      right. "So, knowing who you are now, I am even further convinced to help
      you. We share the same Bloodline you and I. Thought it is by several generations.
      Vincent there is your Kin as well. Sharra is his sire, that would make
      him your cousin." 
 It wasn't easy for Christian to follow who was related to whom. It was the
  one draw back to the Vampyr, if you looked back far enough you were related
  to almost all the Kin. What had Shiva said there were originally only three? 
 David laughed. "You know I never thought of it, but you're right. We are
  related aren't we? You know Master, perhaps we should move to Alabama. Our
  kind of house keeping would be more in line with life there." 
 Azrael looked at him with a glint of amused disgust in his eyes. "You know
  Vincent, one of these days, that sense of humor you have is going to get you
  into a world of trouble." Then to Christian, "So there it is Childe. I want
  you to think on what I have said. Consider well your options. I would grieve
  to see any of my Kin fade, and without a new Sire you will. Allow Torin to
  heal you these marks must go. And think while he does, your life is in your
  hands now." 
 Torin, who had sat quietly with Robyn, stood. "Master, if he would undress,
  I will see to making sure that he doesn't have to carry any physical marks." 
 "Stand up Childe. Do as my Chosen has asked. I will not have that monsters,
  artwork, in my lair. Live or die, it will be free of this." 
 Christian didn't pause to consider the order. He had been following directions
  for too long. He rose and undressed quickly, ignoring all whom watched. Shiva
  had broken him of his shyness a long time ago, so as he returned to Azrael's
  lap, naked, it was without shame or embarrassment. 
 Torin's hands began their work, first on his back, removing the profanities
  and obscenities that were present. Once again angry at the obvious abuse of
  power that Set had displayed. "Chris, could you turn around?" He shortened
  his name without thinking. 
 "Christian." Christian's voice was soft. "My name is Christian." Shiva had
  called him Chris; it was almost a pet name for him. No one would ever call
  him that again. 
 "I'm sorry." Torin heard what was not said, and felt the emotions behind
  it. "Christian, you need to turn a little more. I will be finished soon." They
  would have to be careful with this one. He was even shakier than Selene had
  been. 
 Christian's hand moved up to stop his as he began to finish his work. "Don't
  take this one, please." He placed a protective hand on the remains of Shiva's
  blood-brand. 
 Azrael lifted Christian's hand, looking at the mark he guarded. "It is ruined
  Childe. There is not enough left to save the mark. Allow Tori to remove it.
  I will see that if you chose to live that a new mark is placed there. You're
  Sire's mark should not be left mutilated as it is. There is no honor in that." 
 Christian looked up at him, tears in his eyes. "Please Master, it's all
  I have left. Don't make me lose it. I'll bend, I'll obey you, become anything
  you ask. But please let me keep it." 
 Torin looked at the mark. "You know, Master, if I'm very careful, I can
  leave almost all of it. If you are willing, you could repair what is left." 
 Azrael looked at the mark again. "Are you certain of that Tori? For me to
  correct the mark, over half of it must remain." 
 "I'm not just removing marks, I'm targeting just his power. So the only
  parts I'm going to lose are here," he pointed to ragged scar, "and here. The
  rest should be whole." 
 Azrael nodded, impressed with the finesse that Torin was displaying. "Yes,
  go on, I see what you intend." He brushed his lips across Christian's forehead. "Relax,
  little one. My boy here will be able to save the mark, and I will see it returned
  to its proper glory." He felt the tension melt from Christian's body as the
  boy relaxed again. "There, see, you must believe me Childe. No one here will
  harm you. Once Tori is finished, and I have restored that which is precious
  to you, I will have you fed." 
 Torin worked silently, carefully manipulating the powers that Azrael had
  been so diligent in training him in over the last two years. His Master wanted
  this one healed, saved from the hell that awaited him in his own mind. To do
  that, trust, had to be assured and by helping to save the brand that was obviously
  so precious to him, Torin had made his offering to Azrael's mission. "Master,
  I need to touch you." Torin looked at Christian. "It will only take a minute
  and the last of the marks will be gone." 
 Christian bit his lip as he nodded. The boy was mortal. He couldn't hurt
  him, but the gentleness of his touch, and the warming effect of the energy
  brought feelings he hadn't expected. He closed his eyes, trying hard not to
  enjoy what was happening to him. 
 "Master?" Torin looked up as Azrael repositioned Christian in his lap. "May
  I?" Healings always left him a little over-friendly. 
 Azrael pulled his hair aside, exposing his throat. "Go on Childe, feed.
  I can feel your hunger. You too Tori, I am sure that my little cousin here
  will not begrudge you your reward." The shocked and confused look on Christian's
  face was almost comical. "What is wrong Childe? Is my Chosen's request not
  to your liking?" 
 "To my liking?" Christian's voice cracked. "Master, I don't understand.
  Why? You offer me your throat, he's your Chosen and, he's, why?" 
 The room erupted in laughter. "Christian," Azrael cupped his chin. "I have
  offered my throat to every Kin in this room when they have needed it. You are
  family your blood and mine are the same. You would never dream of asking one
  of my pets, you are too shy, so I have taken that problem from you. As for
  Tori's request." Azrael's voice took on the same amused quality as his laughter
  had. "I am afraid that my love is something of an attention slut. He has healed
  you, shares a brief link with you. Allow him to enjoy the rewards of his efforts." 
 Christian nodded his consent, eyes glancing at Torin, curiosity out weighing
  fear. "I--I'm hungry Master." He gave in Azrael had won. He would entrust his
  life to another Kin. He only hoped that he wouldn't later regret this action. 
 Azrael held his head in place as the boy drank. It was the first time he
  had ever seen a Kin so beat down in spirit as to almost refuse the blood even
  as it filled his mouth. The respect he felt for his newest, adopted, Childe
  Selene grew. Knowing what she had been forced to bear, and the extents of his
  madness, he could only be impressed with her ability to still stand at all. 
 Christian was torn between the wonderful brightness of the blood that filled
  his mouth and the pain that living would bring him. He had been ready to die,
  to fade away and join his Sire, but now, with life being thrust back to him,
  promise and hope his for the taking. Death no longer looked so appealing, and
  Torin's loving, play, only added the icing to the cake. 
 Azrael allowed Christian to drink his fill. The Childe, no matter who he
  went to, would need an extra amount of blood for a while. Even re-made, the
  pain and trauma of the last two days would take time to heal. "Full precious?" He
  welcomed Christian's mouth on his as Torin brought him to his end. 
 "Thank you Master. You are kinder than I deserve." The Elders complete attention
  humbled Christian. It was then that he realized why he would never be comfortable
  with a Sire such as the Kin that held him. 
 "Nonsense a beautiful Childe such as yourself? Only a fool would sit back
  and let you fade from us without making at least some attempt to save you." He
  reached down and slipped the knife from his boot. "Will you allow Vincent to
  join us? I will repair Shiva's mark, but would just as soon avoid the pain.
  With his help the brands I must make will be painless." Azrael traced the scars
  lightly with the knife. "Afterwards, if you ask him sweetly, I am sure Vincent
  will be thrilled to gift you his protection. He is right. I do overwhelm you." 
 Torin pulled away, returning to Robyn as David knelt beside them again. "Hi." He
  smiled hugging her. 
 David held Christian down as the bloodied knife cut into the first scar.
  He could feel the youngster under him tense, as if he were waiting for the
  pain. "Relax, Christian." He whispered in his ear. "I won't let anything happen.
  If I am to be your Sire, then you must believe that I will take my responsibility
  to you quite seriously." 
 Christian could do little more that nod his head as he watched the Elder
  vampire replace that which Set had purposely cut out, the sealing points of
  the mark. He was surprised almost to the point of silence that the older Kin
  would replace the marks, but as he felt Azrael's power upon him, he was given
  an added shock. Azrael had reset the power of the mark. Dead though it was,
  it was now no longer a broken tie, but whole in its silence. If he had doubted
  Azrael's claim to Blood Kinship before, this settled it. 
 "I believe that should do the trick. There is still some slight scarring,
  here within the mark, but no one should be able to say whether it was there
  before or after the mark was placed. I am sorry that I was unable to fully
  activate it for you, but Shiva is dead, and so is his mark." 
 Christian's mind reeled; the Elder had gone to such great lengths to completely
  repair all the damage. "You--you didn't have to do that Master. I would have
  been happy just to have the remains of the mark. I can't, how can I ever repay
  you?" 
 "Repay me?" Azrael slowly shook his head. "Christian, what is there to repay?
  Your Sire was of my blood. There is no one here of your direct Line. You have
  the right to appeal to the secondary Lines of your blood for help. Now go;
  allow Vincent to offer you his line and protection, as well as his training.
  He is young, but you will find that, as Sires go, he is fair and wields a light
  hand." 
 Christian allowed himself to take comfort in the security of David's arms.
  This was to be his new Sire. He would not have to scrape to live, or carry
  a Rogues mark. He would live, and if last night was any indication, learn to
  love again. 
 David helped Christian to his feet. The boy clung to him, seeking support
  for the first time. Azrael had won, they both had. Christian didn't seek death
  anymore, and David would be able to replace the empty spot that Shiva's loss
  had left in him. 
 Anna smiled at them both as David pulled Christian into his lap as he sat
  beside her. "So, I'm getting a little brother again." She tried to let her
  feelings of welcome and support blend with David's to help settle the last
  of Christian's fears. 
 "Yes," David brushed Christian's hair away from his throat. "And unless
  Christian say's otherwise, no one will ever know that I was not his only Sire.
  If he lets me, I will make his adoption total." 
 Christian gave up trying to understand why these Kin were so willing to
  go out of their way for him. It didn't make any sense, but he couldn't come
  up with an answer that did. They couldn't be after something from him, he had
  nothing. If they were going to enslave him, they would have done as Set had
  done, and forbid him fading and left if at that. So Christian did the only
  thing left to him, he accepted the offer as David had meant it, as Kin helping
  Kin. "Please, Master." He lifted his chin. 
 "Remember, you must hold on to life. When I drain you to the point before
  death, you must focus on your life, refuse to slip away." 
 "I will." Christian remembered his first Gift, and how Shiva had prepared
  him for weeks for the trial that would take place in him. That brief second
  or two that lasted a lifetime as his soul hung over the abyss. 
 David opened himself to the boy as he fed, more careful than he had been
  with either Anna or Joseph. They had wanted him, had freely accepted and actively
  sought this life out. Christian, though he had accepted his new life, and would
  call him, Sire, was still too close to fading for David's comfort. So unlike
  feedings or his other two, he kept his mind fully on what he was doing, and
  the life of the Fledgling in his arms. 
 The room was darker as Christian felt David pull away. There was a shadow
  to everything. Peace was just a heartbeat away and called to him. He could
  die now, easily. But there was another force that tugged at his soul. His new
  Sire and Master, he could feel his desires, and was pulled towards them. And
  as David's teeth broke the skin of his neck again, and the blood returned Christian's
  soul welcomed it. 
 Christian didn't know how long he lay there, locked in David's arms, his
  Master's blood flowing back into him. Time had little to no meaning. But as
  he came to himself again, he was greeted by David's smiling eyes. "Christian?" 
 The pain wasn't completely gone. And as that which had been taken from him,
  that solidity in his soul, restored, once again there. He was whole again,
  and he had this man to thank for it. Death would have denied him this. He would
  spend the rest of his life thanking both Azrael and David for helping him to
  heal. "Sire?" 
 Arms crushed him in their grasp as David rocked him. "That's right Christian,
  Sire, now and forever. You have a home." 
CHAPTER 18  
 Zak lay beside William, content again. His husband was with him, wanted
  to be here. Zak still had trouble believing that William would be willing to
  give up so much for him. "I love you." Each word was sealed with a kiss.  
 William laughed, returning the kisses. "Yeah, and I'm kind of fond of you
  too." Zak had gone out of his way to help William to understand and accept
  the way his life had turned. "So what's next?"  
 "Megel and I are going to track down Robyn's assailants, and the men who
  killed her brother are going to die. It should not take us long, after all
  what good are mortals against us? When I return, I want to discuss marking
  you with my brand. Azrael's pets capture reminded me how vulnerable you are
  without it. I have touched you, my power is present on your soul, and I owe
  you the completion of my commitment.  
 William moaned under his kiss. "I don't understand? I thought by coming
  here, and you working with the other that we wouldn't have to worry about it
  any more."  
 "Here, no, you are safe. But as Jenna has shown us, you are very vulnerable
  when you are away from me. My mark will show all who I am, whose Bloodline
  I belong to, and that you are under my protection. For the most part, even
  Renegades will respect that." He leaned down and bit at his nose. "I will ask
  Azrael to help me, so that you feel no pain. Let me do this William, please
  be willing to carry my mark. Let me protect you."  
 "Why can't you guys use wedding rings like normal folks?" William shrugged. "Sure,
  if it keeps me from ending up as somebody's main course, I'll be happy to.
  Now when do we go see Robyn?"  
 "Now." He helped him up. "I will go by the house on my way back, you and
  I both need clothes."  
 "You read my mind." William was a neat freak, Zak had never been able to
  get to the bottom of the story, but something happened to William when he was
  younger, something that changed the boy for life. He hoped one day that William
  would feel comfortable enough with him to share his secret, and until then
  he would continue to be there and show support whenever his lover needed it.  
 William laid a hand on Zak's arm, before getting out of bed. "Zak?"  
 "Yes love?"  
 "Just out of curiosity, how come you didn't do this with Cindy? Bond with
  her, I mean? Jason told me how it saved his sister, who was like Cindy, dying.
  Was there a reason you let her die?"  
 Zak sighed. He has expected this question, dreaded it. Would his friend
  understand be, at, peace with the answer he had for him? "I offered, if she
  had let me, I would have placed her under the same care that I placed her father,
  the same as you. But Cindy for all she loved me, trusted me not to harm her,
  refused. She feared the loss of her freedom, had seen how I had been with her
  father, and to be honest, I was not all that careful with him. It was the bond,
  the loss of self she feared. She chose to die Will, to be herself completely.
  Even if that meant she die. I begged her again, and again. There those last
  days I was almost mindless with grief, I feared losing her so. But she never
  welcomed me, and once she slipped into unconsciousness, she was lost to me.
  I would never force this on anyone I loved, no matter how much losing them
  would hurt." He wondered if William would understand. Hoping that he did.  
 William nodded. He could very well see Cindy refusing on the grounds of
  not wanting to be owned. He understood how the feelings that Zak brought up
  in him now that they were linked, would have scared her out of her mind. "Okay,
  I just had to know."  
 "And now that you do, are you ill with me?" Now he would know the truth.  
 William looked at him for a moment. Was he? Could he understand Zak's needs
  and sense of honor well enough to accept that he had been willing to let Cindy
  die, all to honor her wish.  
 "Nah, I knew Cindy, remember. She was like that. Yeah, I can see how she
  would rather die than lose control." He hugged him. "But me, I'm really happy
  with my life now. I'm going to have to make a few phone calls in a day or so,
  tie up some loose strings, hire an accountant and all, so that I can go about
  living with you and not worry about my business. Life is good here, but I'd
  just as soon have something to fall back on once we get settled and can leave." He
  squeezed him as hard as he could. "Let's go see what is up."  
* * *  
 Azrael looked up from his handiwork as Zak and William entered the room. "Good
  evening Gabriel, I take it you and your young one there have settled what ever
  problems you were having." He looked back down as he directed the knife slowly
  and carefully over Torin's breast. "I will be finished in a moment, please
  make yourself comfortable."  
 William's mouth dropped. "What the fuck is he doing?"  
 "Blood branding." Zak pulled him close. "See when a vampires blood mixes
  with a mortals, ours quite literally burns a mark on the humans skin. So Azrael
  is carving his mark into Torin's flesh and then will mix his own blood with
  his pets. It is very painful, which is why he has Megel blocking the pain,
  like what I did with Robyn."  
 "Wait, is that how you got that weird mark on your chest?"  
 "Yes, and Torin's will look very similar to mine. He is Azrael's chosen,
  so he won't just by marked with my Grand-Sire's name, but with his Bloodline.
  Later when he makes him his Fledgling, he will add one of last finishing marks
  to it, which take him from Chosen to Childe. And then when the Childe goes
  to adult, the mark will be sealed with his power. Much like what I will do
  to you."  
 "Is there a problem Gabriel?" Azrael's voice interrupted the discussion.  
 "No, not at all. William has never seen anyone branded before. I was not
  exactly what you would call a proper vampire, so many of our ways will still
  come as shocks to him. We'll work it out, he and I."  
 "Do you plan to mark him?" He smiled watching Torin examine his new brand. "Or
  is it too soon for that?"  
 "No, I have already told him that I plan to, just as soon as I return from
  dealing with those who hurt our girl so."  
 "Yes, Megel and you do have that promise to fulfill do you not? Is your
  young friend, there, going to be comfortable staying here without you? He was
  wary last night."  
 Zak lifted an eyebrow at William, who nodded. After sleeping with Jason
  and Amber, and having a lot of how life worked here explained to him, he was
  a little more at ease with how humans got along. "I'll be fine. Who knows,
  maybe I'll see about getting to know some of my new family." William knew how
  hard Zak was trying to make him feel better. He had never seen him so worried
  before, not even back when he first came to live with him. "I love you."  
 "Gabriel, he can come sit with my three while we are out. Joseph may be
  young, but he'll keep any of the new blood here from harassing him. Jay has
  already told me that he and your love were becoming friends, Amber as well.
  Let him take some time now. This is harder on him than he realizes."  
 "Go on." William hugged him. "He's got it half right, I do need to take
  this time, but he's wrong on it being as hard on me as he's making out." The
  strength of Zak's arms around him was comforting. "If I had to give you up,
  that would be hard. This, hell this is just different. Different can be dealt
  with real easy. I just gotta learn to make it normal."  
 "No one deserves to be as fortunate as I am." Zak's voice was soft in William's
  ears. "I'm going to have to spend the next eon or two showing you how thankful
  I am for your love." 'Eon, or two\,'  the words echoed
  in William's mind. The very fact that he would have Zak for thousands of years
  was a promise in itself. "Hurry back."  
 "It won't take us long, go play with your new friends, I'll be back before
  you know it."  
 Michael stood. "We'll go to the work room, but first," he reached for Robyn,
  who sat curled up with Torin and Joseph. "Pet, I need a small amount of your
  blood, if I am to trace the villains."  
 Robyn looked to Azrael, unsure if she should obey. The Elder vampire smiled
  nodding. "Okay," she stood up, moving into Michael's arms.  
 "Don't be like this." He lifted her chin. "I'm not going to hurt you, precious.
  Soon you and I will be siblings. I would never harm you."  
 "Sorry," she blushed, feeling stupid. "It's just, you know."  
 "Yes Robyn." He tightened his hold on her, offering her support. "I know.
  So let me have what I need, and then you need to go curl up with your Master.
  Let him give you something to keep your mind busy." He kissed her softly before
  his mouth covered her throat, and his fangs sank deep.  
 David pulled away from Christian. "You stay here, I'm going to see if Megel
  can use my help."  
 "What is he doing?" The young Fledgling had found peace again.  
 "He's going to see if he can help see to it that justice is served, for
  one of his sire's Chosen. She was abused and her brother murdered. Gabriel
  swore to see justice Megel will help him keep his word. It's a family thing,
  so I'm going to see if I can help."  
 Christian grabbed his arm in a vice-like grip. "Be careful." There was fear
  in his voice. Fear of loosing everything he had just found.  
 David pulled him up, into the security of his arms. "I will be. These are,
  mortal's, baby they offer no threat to us. I won't abandon you, or leave you
  alone to struggle. I promise. You stay here, start getting to know everyone,
  I'll be back soon enough."  
 Robyn rested against Michael as he drew back. "You go, relax. Gabriel and
  I will see your pain avenged." She was such a strangely pretty thing. He envied
  his Sire for his fortune.  
 David watched as Robyn pulled away and went back to where she had been with
  Torin, leaning against Azrael's chair. "So is this a private party, or can
  anyone join?"  
 Zak looked up at him. "You want to come?" He was surprised as David nodded. "Why?"  
 "Why not?" David laid a hand on his shoulder. "First, your family, so your
  word is important. Second, she's now the Chosen of my Master, and third I can't
  stand seeing innocents such as she hurt. But most of all I guess it's because
  I love a good fight."  
 "Let Vincent come. He's right, this deals with Kin honor."  
 "Okay, if he wants to, I have no objections, but what of my master?"  
 "Azrael wouldn't forbid it, not if Vincent wants to help. Relax Childe,
  you're with Kin now, and we take care of our own."  
 Azrael rose, approaching the younger vampires. "Vincent, since it is obvious
  that you plan to attend, make certain that you support Gabriel. He might be
  older than you, be he lacks much of his training. I am depending on both Megel
  and you to bring him home safe with his duty fulfilled."  
 "Yes, Master."  
 "Now go, I want this taken care of as soon as possible. But make sure you
  deal with all involved. The past is to be put to rest."  
 Robyn watched as the three left the room. Zak would see that they paid.
  She knew this, and it helped. She had called Daniel earlier to set everything
  in motion, and in two days Torin would go with her to the funeral. It was still
  so hard to believe that Adrian was dead. That there would be no more, phone
  calls, that he wasn't going to stick his nose into her life any more.  
 "Baby?" Torin felt her pain. "Don't, dragging it up again will only hurt
  you."  
 "I know, but I miss him. Did you know if it hadn't been for his insistence
  that I get a body guard, I'd have never met Zak, or any of you?"  
 Then I have quite a bit to honor him for, and he will be Blue. For the rest
  of my life, I will be thankful and honor him."  
 "As will I." Azrael returned to his seat. "Come here precious, now is not
  the time for you to be alone. Come, allow me to hold you, give you a place
  to hide."  
 She rose, crawling into his arms, fighting back tears. She had mourned her
  brother, but it still hurt.  
 "Ssshh," he stroked her hair as she rested against him, silent tears the
  only physical mark of her grief. "Let it go Robyn. Do not hold it in, there
  is no shame in your grief or its display."  
 "Hold me." The damn burst. Hard wracking sobs tore from her as Azrael's
  arms tightened. Allowing her the comfort she so desperately needed.  
 Christian sat watching, silently. He wasn't the only one here suffering.
  That became clear to him. Nor was he the only one to find comfort and security
  during his pain. "What happened?" He turned to Anna. "Why was her brother killed?"  
 "He was an important man within the law, and he had made it his duty to
  make life very hard on the criminals of his city. They started trying to force
  him to stop by abusing his sister, and it ended with his death. Mortals fear
  our kind. We are nightmarish monsters to them. The pity of it is not even a
  Renegade would do to his own kind what humans do to each other. Even that beast
  that hurt you so had insanity as an excuse."  
 "Is she going to be all right?"  
 Anna pulled him close. "Yes, Honey, Azrael will see that she is taken care
  of. She won't ever be alone. Don't worry about her, you've got enough healing
  to do all by yourself, without adding her pain to yours." Anna was glad that
  David had taken this one as his. It would be fun having a little brother again.
  And this time David wouldn't make the mistakes that he had made with Joseph."  
 Christian had never dealt with women. Shiva had kept him sheltered. But
  sitting here, pressing against Anna's body, he decided that he had been missing
  out on something.  
* * *  
 Shouts of anger and surprise greeted the three vampires as they appeared
  in what looked to be a large office suite. "Silence." Michael's voice echoed
  through the room as his will slammed down on all six men in the office.  
 The quiet was absolute, as all six stood frozen, staring at the three Kin. "Nice
  Megel, very nice." David was impressed.  
 "Thank you Vincent. Now let us go about doing what we came here for, we
  all have pets at home waiting for us."  
 Six pair of eyes focused on the vampires, each filled with a mixture of
  fear, outrage and disbelief. Who were these men, how had they come to be here,
  and why could none of them move, and question of that line ran through their
  minds.  
 Michael and Zak skimmed the minds of each, seeking the one that ordered
  both Robyn's beatings and her brothers' death. "So," Zak's eyes rested on one,
  an older man with graying dark hair. "You are the one I want. Megel, release
  him, he and I will have words before I kill him."  
 "Who the fuck are you?" His voice was harsh, as again he was free to speak.  
 "My name is Zak Forrest to you. As to who I am, I'm your death, you made
  a tragic and fatal error when you had someone dear to me abused and followed
  with having her brother killed."  
 "Carr, you're here for Carr." It wasn't hard to figure out what he was talking
  about.  
 "Yes." Zak neared him. "It is a shame that you can only die once." He looked
  the man over. "So how shall I do it?" Suddenly his hand was around the man's
  throat. "Strangulation perhaps, or maybe a quick snap."  
 The man's fingers fought struggling to break, Zak's, grip. "Wait." The word
  was the barest of whispers.  
 Zak let him go. "Yes?"  
 The man slumped briefly, rubbing his throat. "You don't want to kill me.
  I'm more valuable to you alive."  
 "How so? What possible reason can you give him that would equal the pleasure
  of ending your worthless existence?" Michael stood beside Zak.  
 "I'm a powerful man. Name it and it is yours. Carr wouldn't have died if
  he had listened to reason. It wasn't personal, just business."  
 "Business?" Zak spat at him. "What kind of business has a child brutally
  beaten solely because of her relations? What kind of business deals in murder?"  
 The man stepped back. "Money."  
 "Money." David laughed. "So how much is a life worth now days?" He reached
  out and grabbed the man beside him. "How about this one? What's he worth?"  
 "Nothing." Zak answered before the man could. "None of these beasts are
  worth the air they breathe. Kill him Vincent, dinner is on me."  
 The man's face paled as David pulled his victim close his fangs flashing
  in the light before sinking into his throat, "Sweet Jesus, you're."  
 "Vampire's." Michael finished for him. "And to us, you are nothing but food," he
  paused waiting letting the effect of his words sink in. "Kill him Gabriel,
  kill them all, this place sickens me."  
 The man had no more time. The death that he had dealt to so many now came
  for him. The pain as Zak's fangs ripped out his throat was the last thing he
  felt as his life poured forth, spilling out in a sea of red. "Die." Zak thrust
  him away. He'd fed on the others, but this one he refused. He couldn't go back
  to Robyn with her brothers, murderers, blood, in his veins.  
 The man tried to stop the blood, as it poured from him. But as he strangled
  on the flow, he, know it was a wasted effort. He fell backwards choking on
  his own blood as he bled to death.  
 The rest went quickly, all three Kin feasting on their life, even as they
  died, till there were no more mortals in the room.  
 Michael wiped the blood from his mouth. "We have finished what we came here
  to do, let's get the hell out of here." He knew it was foolish, but the blood
  he had consumed didn't sit well in his belly. He had seen too much in the minds
  of these creatures to ever believe that they got anything but what they deserved.  
 Both David and Zak made noises of agreement as they prepared themselves
  for the Dark Paths. Home was where they all wanted to be, and hopefully with
  time, they could forget this night.  
* * *  
 Azrael looked up as they returned. "So?" They had returned quickly.  
 "They are dead." Zak knelt by Azrael, lifting Robyn's face. "Pretty, it
  is done. Those who ordered the wrongs breathe no more."  
 "Did you?" She searched his face, he had fed, but did he.  
 "Drink? No." He brushed away a tear. "From the monster responsible, never,
  how could I. I would never come to you like this with that Bastards blood in
  my veins. He died choking on his own blood."  
 "Thank you."  
 "Always, anything you need, if your Master can't grant it, come to me." He
  took her as Azrael released her. "Grand-Sire, may I take her aside for now?"  
 "Yes, go where ever it was you slept. Take your boy with you. The two of
  you need to spend time with her. And I with my boy here."  
 "I will return her to you in a few hours." Zak rose carrying her, seeking
  William.  
 David moved, going to Christian and Anna. "Hi, see, I made it back alive.
  How are the two of you getting along?" Anna moved, going into his lap as he
  sat down, Christian moving to rest against him. "Are you all right Christian,
  any problems?"  
 "Shakes." He whispered. "Nothing else, and they aren't like they were the
  first time." He held out his hand, so that David could see the, slight, tremor.  
 "Your first Sire was older than me Hon, his blood was more powerful." David
  caught the boys hand in his, stilling the tremors. "Nothing else?"  
 "No sir." He rested there, David holding his hand, trying to relax, to ignore
  his body.  
 "Christian?" David felt the shift, "Hon, tell me the truth. It's okay, what
  is it?" Anna rose at his push so that he could turn his full attention on his
  new Fledgling. "Come on sugar, talk to me."  
 "It's nothing Master. I will be fine." He tried to push David's hands away. "It's
  not bad, just a little un-nerving. Please, don't fuss."  
 David made an exasperated noise. "It is not nothing Christian, and you don't
  have to suffer through it alone. I'm your Sire now, don't you understand. It
  doesn't matter that I didn't give you the Gift first. You are my blood, and
  I will care for you as my blood, come to love you just as much as I love Lilith
  and Cain who used to be mine. Please kid, let me help you."  
 "I'm sorry." Christian's voice was so tiny, so lost, as he pressed his head
  against David's chest. "I don't mean to be a bother, it's just that now, living
  through this again . . .I miss him." The tears fell. "Please, don't think me
  ungrateful, I'm not. You will get a Childe's love and loyalty from me. But
  I miss Shiva so much."  
 David knew that there were no words to help him. Nothing he could say would
  ever lesson the Childe's pain. So he held him, rocking him, soothing him with
  touch and with heart. Letting the Childe rest there, learning that he could
  and would find comfort from him.  
 Everyone in the room watched silently. Selene moving to seek comfort from
  Azrael, for she too knew what it was like to miss her Sire. Lierin and Derrik
  held each other, quietly, it was a Rogue's life, this pain and aloneness, and
  they all knew it. But it didn't make watching a baby as young as Christian
  suffer any easier.  
 Azrael held Selene; his heart breaking as he not only felt Christian's pain
  but also his new adopted Childe's as well . 'I will see that this
  never happens again'.  He swore to himself. 'Our children
  deserve to live fully, to grow without pain, and by the Gods, I will do everything
  in my power to see that they have that chance. That the rights they have are
  seen to'.   
 Christian lifted his head from David's chest. "Thank you, I'm sorry I broke
  like that." He tried to make David understand.  
 "Hush." David brushed the tears from his face. "If you need to cry, go ahead.
  Your Shiva, he did right by you, he deserves your tears and your pain. Never
  think that he doesn't. And don't you apologize for seeking comfort from me
  ever again."  
 Christian looked at him, so fearful of pushing the line. How was he to behave
  now? His Sire didn't begrudge him his feelings. But Shiva had been his only
  real experience with Kin. Set had almost ruined that for him, and now. "Master."  
 "What baby?" David refused to let him pull away. Anna would understand if
  he wasn't there for her for a few days, he needed to give Christian his full
  attention, his failure with Joseph had taught him well. "Come on precious,
  talk to me."  
 Christian lifted up, burying his face in David's neck. "Thank you." Small
  shy kisses as his arms wrapped themselves around him. "For being there for
  me. Shiva would have liked you."  
 "Come here." David caught his face between his hands and kissed him softly. "I
  will always be there for you, believe that. Now sit up here and let me enjoy
  my time with you. Give us both something else to think about for a while."  
 Anna moved, standing. "I'm going to go find Aaron and Billy, it looks like
  you have your hands full tonight, Master. I'll see you later." She leaned down
  and kissed first David and then Christian. "Take care of him, and I'll see
  you soon."  
 Christian made to protest. He didn't want to get in anyone's way. Most importantly
  not his new Sire's First-Born's but Anna only chuckled and tousled his hair
  before moving on. "She--you." He looked at David, his heart in his eyes.  
 "Lilith is fine Christian, she knows I love her and that if she needs me
  I am always here. But right now you need me more than she has ever needed me.
  Let it rest and relax. The past is over Hon believe that. Now, what did you
  do while I was gone?" Get him past all of this get him talking.  
 Christian looked down David almost swore he blushed. "Lilith and I, we sat
  together, and she."  
 "I bet you were a temptation for my girl. You've never had a girlfriend
  have you?"  
 "No sir, Shiva was the only one who ever loved me." He relaxed under David's
  advances, mouth opening to welcome him.  
 "That will change here baby. You have me, you have Lil, and you have everyone
  else. Wait, I promise, you won't ever be alone or unloved ever again." He moved
  slowly, gathering Christian close as he moved to the floor. "Are you hungry?
  Did you get enough during the change?" He pulled Christian head to his throat. "Go
  on baby, if you need."  
 Christian trembled as his Master's blood filled his mouth. He wasn't really
  hungry, but he needed this, to be locked in the spell of heat that only David
  could offer. He felt closer to his Sire now, like this, with David's life flowing
  into him, he felt whole.  
 Michael moved to kneel beside Azrael's chair. "That boy is definitely learning.
  He'll do right by our wounded cousin." He whispered.  
 "Yes, I am quite pleased with him right now. He has matured somewhat in
  the last year or so. Give me a few more years with him and I believe he will
  make a respectable adult."  
 "Well, I'm taking my three and calling it a night. They need to be with
  me for a while. The last few days have been a little more hectic than normal.
  I'll see you at dusk."  
 "Sleep well beloved. I plan to make a call to Sharra before I rest tonight.
  So that I can, begin to take care of my promise. Have you decided what you
  are going to do about Gabriel?"  
 "Yeah, I'll help you train him. But I, will not, remake him, he's fine.
  Thorne did a bang up job on him to begin with. I haven't the heart to take
  that away from him. I'll mark him adopted one day soon, and finish his mark
  when he has finished his training."  
 Azrael nodded. "See you when you rise, sleep well, give that Fledgling of
  yours a hug for me, and tell him he should come and keep me company soon."  
 "Till night." Michael turned and left, calling his with him.  
 Selene pulled up. "Azrael?"  
 "Yes precious?" He turned his attention back to the one in his arms.  
 "Would it be possible, could Tori sleep with Casey again? I would like to
  sleep with you." She looked over where David was still holding Christian. "He
  hurts so, it's made me hurt too." She knew she could ask this, that the truth
  wasn't shameful.  
 Azrael nodded smiling. "Tori, pet, could you take your new friend there
  and put him to bed. My girl here has asked for my time tonight. It has been
  a rather difficult evening for many."  
 Torin grinned. "Hey Casey, wanna go see how many times I can make you claw
  the paint off the walls?" He leaned over kissing both before moving to extend
  a hand to Selene's shy one.  
 Casey accepted his hand, blushing slightly, but grinning back at him. "Sure,
  but this time it's my turn." He had finally come to terms with this, and found
  that he liked living here. Selene was wonderful, and Torin, well okay so maybe
  he wasn't strictly gay, but. "Mistress?"  
 "Go on sugar, I'll see you tomorrow night. I'm sure Tori can take care of
  you just as well as I can."  
 Azrael watched as one by one the room cleared out. Poor, Mark, the girls
  had decided to gang up on him. Azrael promised himself that he would take the
  boy aside in the next few days and give him some of his time. Just as soon
  as Selene was settled, and he had a chance to decide what he was to do about
  Torin and Robyn. She was not ready to survive Torin's change, but it would
  be so hard on Torin, to make him wait until she was stronger. Well, he would
  talk to both of them and decide what to do.  
 He nodded as Lierin and Derrik said their goodnights. He really was quite
  impressed with the work Lierin had done on Derrik. The boy was no trouble at
  all now. He would have to set them into a routine of training as well soon.
  His life was going to be quite busy for the next few years with all these youngsters
  to see to. He smiled to himself with pleased anticipation. "Vincent."  
 "Master?" David pulled away from Christian.  
 "Why don't you and that boy of yours join Selene and I? I haven't had much
  time for you as of late."  
 David looked down at Christian. "Wanna go play?"  
 Christian didn't use words to answer him. He didn't need to. The grin on
  his face and the nod were answering enough. "Your room or mine Master?" David
  sat up.  
CHAPTER 19  
 Azrael led them down the hall, chuckling to himself as they passed several
  rooms where others were in play. The sounds in the hall were quite a tribute
  to how much the participants were enjoying themselves. "I wonder, is there
  anyone in my lair not drowning in flesh right now." 
 "Just those seven you have for feeders." David pointed to the row of locked
  doors. "And something needs to be done with them. You can't keep expecting
  them to live like this Master. I fed one tonight, and I swear I thought the
  boy was going to fall to pieces on me." 
 "You are right. I have to re-evaluate how I want to keep them. They need
  to be killed or given some sort of life." 
 "Well, if you decide to let them live, let me know, there is one that I'd
  like to have." 
 "Which one?" Azrael stopped at the doors. "Come now Vincent, tell me, you
  should have said something earlier. You are going to need another soon, what
  with having to keep up with Christian's diet now." 
 "Nothing that won't wait Azrael, it's the youngest, he's turned rather sweet
  over the last few days. I think that with a little time, I could train him
  to be as agreeable as Aaron and Billy." 
 "Which room?" The key came from his pocket. Every Kin in the house had this
  key. It opened the doors that held the seven whose sole reason for being here
  was to be fed from. 
 "The last one, really Master, enough for tonight. I can talk with you about
  it later." Why did everything have to be dealt with right away with his master?
  Did the Elder Kin not know what the word, later, meant? 
 "And why not tonight?" Azrael opened the door. "I am going to assume that
  you have at least spoken to the boy about your plan. Or have you?" 
 "Well, yeah, but I told him it would probably be a few days before I got
  around to talking you into letting me have him." 
 "Talking me into it, Vincent?" Azrael lifted an eyebrow at him as he turned
  on the light. "Oh yes, I remember this one." The boy on the bed sat up, blinking,
  eyes tearing under the bright light. He was a rarity, a comely red haired boy.
  It had been Azrael's experience that for the most part red hair, green eyes,
  and freckles on a boy were not appealing. But this one lucked out, with his
  heart shaped faced and high cheeks; his coloring gave him a puckish look that
  was quite adorable. 
 "M--Master?" The boy looked at David, eyes asking the questions that he
  dared not voice. 
 "Rest easy Mat, you're in no trouble." David moved to him, holding out a
  hand. "So, Master, what's your word on him?" 
 Azrael chuckled. "Go ahead Vincent, if the boy interests you that much.
  He will be one less worry I have to deal with at waking. Is he coming with
  us now, or you leaving him here till night?" 
 David sat down with the boy. "Matthew, my Master has granted me the leave
  to take you. Are you still willing? I won't force you to be one of mine, that
  wasn't part of the agreement you made with Azrael, but if you still want to,
  now is the time to say so." 
 The boy looked from David to Azrael and back to David again. "Really?" It
  had been hell ever since he had come here. Never knowing if he was next to
  be fed from, or if that feeding would leave him aching with a desire that was
  almost painful, only to be left to burn. Or worse yet, if it would be, him,
  that was tortured next. David's offer had come as a gift from God, and Matthew
  was ready to do anything he had to do to get out of here. The others, the ones
  that didn't stay locked up all the time, they seemed to be okay, he had heard
  them laughing and carrying on off and on over the last few weeks that he had
  been there. 
 "Is that a yes or a no child?" Azrael moved to the bed. "Come on now, I
  have things I wish to take care of tonight, and it does not include sitting
  here for the rest of the evening." 
 Matthew bit his lip as he shyly looked up at David. "Is it gonna be like
  you promised?" 
 "Yeah Mat, no more being alone, no more waiting for one of the youngsters
  to take advantage of you. Come on sweetheart, all you have to do is say yes." 
 Bright green eyes lifted to meet his. "Yes." The look of fear and hope that
  was present touched David. "That is if you still want to." 
 "Pick him up Master." Christian knew how the boy felt. "Show him the same
  kindness that you have shown me." 
 "Come here Mat." David was surprised at the desperation that was in the
  boy's movements as he practically threw himself into his arms. "Hey, what's
  wrong?" 
 "Nothing," a mumbled whisper from his shirt, "now." 
 "Oh my," Azrael commented laughing. "What did you promise the boy Vincent?" 
 David kissed the top of Matthew's head. "Nothing of any major importance.
  Just that I'd take care of him, and that he wouldn't have to be alone anymore.
  He's only sixteen Master. This was not easy on him. He regrets the wrongs he
  has done, and has sworn to me that he won't repeat them. Derrik frightened
  him badly when he hurt Casey, more so I think because of all the ones you captured,
  he is the only one that really was gay." A gentle hand under the boy's chin
  lifted his face. "Isn't that right baby? You're what they now refer to as 'queer
  as a three dollar bill'? 
 Mathew nodded, half relieved that David had known his preference and half-afraid
  what that knowledge would cost him. David had been so nice earlier, holding
  him, letting him have a little affection after the blood. None of the others
  had done that, not even the Master. 
 "You want to stay here for the night Mat, or do you want to come with me?
  I'm going with them," he motioned to Azrael and the others. "We're going to
  go find a bed and relax and enjoy being together. If you aren't ready for that
  yet, I understand, but if you would like to come, I would be happy to have
  you." 
 Christian moved to kneel beside where David sat. "He shouldn't be alone,
  Master look at him. Let him come with us, poor kid." He looked back at Azrael
  and Selene. "If my Master brings him, may I join you?" 
 "By all means, bring the boy Vincent. If having him with you means your
  new Fledgling will seek my arms." Azrael held out a hand, motioning for Christian
  to take it. "Come on Childe, surely by now you have come to terms with the
  knowledge that I am the last Kin you have to fear." 
 Christian smiled taking his hand. "No, you're the next to the last." His
  face turned looking down at his Sire, who was still trying to convince the
  boy in his arms that he was really and truly safe. 
 Matthew looked up at David. This was a vampire, one of those who he had
  been ordered to obey at all costs. But this one wasn't like the others, he
  had promised to take him out of this, and now he was keeping that promise. "I'll
  go. I'll do anything you tell me to." He loved that the arms around him tightened. "But
  can I ask a question Master?" 
 "Yeah baby, and call me David for now, or Davy like my boys do." Yes, this
  one would be his. Between Christian and himself, he would be able to teach
  him that there was nothing to fear. Then Anna would start on him and before
  long, he'd be as sweet as Aaron and Billy had ever been. 
 Matthew pulled closer, his face pressed against David's. "Are you gonna
  make love to me? Like you promised?" He wanted, no, needed to be, loved. The
  days of feedings, the cold the emptiness was hurting him. "Please David, Master,
  please make love to me." 
 David growled low in his chest as he captured the, boys, lips with his.
  Welcoming Matthew's willingness. Make love to him, the boy wanted him to make
  love to him. No domination, no insistence, this was the boys own desires. "Yeah
  baby, I'll make love to you, we all will. I promise." 
 "Bring the boy with you Vincent. By all means if he wants to be loved, then
  let us show him love." Azrael was more impressed than, anything, with David's,
  fortune with this one. "Or is he too shy for us?" 
 "I'll go, please, I'll go," green eyes bright with tears and hope. "Davy?" He
  held up the wrist that was still chained. Begging with his eyes. 
 The chain fell free as David lifted him, holding his as close and carefully
  as he had only a short time ago held Christian. Fate was gifting him with so
  many chances to make up for the mistakes he had made. Christian was his redemption
  for Joseph, and now Mat made up for the wrongs he had done Billy. "If he wants
  to come, Master, then far be it from me to deny anyone I claim my love or my
  peoples affections. I trust you with everything I claim from my First-Born
  to the newest and most fragile of my pets. Let's go, I suddenly feel the need
  to show both Mat here and Christian how much they will mean to me." 
* * * 
 Azrael led them down the hall, struggling to keep from laughing as David
  wondered from one side of the hall to the other, so caught up in his new pet. "Christian." 
 "I got it." Christian moved forward, steering David past one of the several
  small knick-knacks tables in the way. "Master, maybe you should wait till we
  get somewhere stationary before you start this." 
 "Why?" David finally looked up, just in time to miss the turn in the hall
  and walk into a wall. "Oh, I see your point." He looked down at the boy in
  his arms, "Mat, you okay Hon?" To have his concern met with what sounded for,
  all, the world like a giggle. "Making fun of me already? The gratitude." 
 Azrael shook his head. "So much for vampiric superiority. Vincent, leave
  the child alone until you get to a bed, or you will end up killing him in your
  haste." He opened the door to his chamber. "In here children." 
 "Master?" Matthew was busy trying to get David's shirt off, even as David
  was trying to dislodge him so that he could stand. "Why does he keep calling
  you Vincent?" 
 "It's my Vampyr name. All, vampire's, have two names. The one that they
  had when they were mortal, and the, one, that their sire gives them at their
  birth. My name when I still was like you was David." He was finally able to
  disengage the boy. "Wait up sugar, I need to get undressed." He had never had
  any pet that went into this the first time quite the way that Matthew was,
  and then again he had never had one that had been living as a feeder for several
  weeks before hand either. If he had been in the boy's shoes, he would have
  probably been killed by one of the Kin for attempting to sexually assault them. "Sweetheart?" He
  looked up to Christian who was helping Azrael pull clothes from Selene. "Will
  you come join me, help me to show my, our, newest here how wonderful we can
  make life?" 
 David, had, learned. Last night that though the lad was far from innocent
  when it came to, love making. Shiva had always been the aggressive one. So
  the demand in his Childe's kiss, and the abandon in his touch came as something
  of a surprise. "Well, hello to you, too, baby." 'He's at home now,
  he has accepted me and he is at home now'  . The pleasure of knowing
  that his newest Childe was no longer shy with him, and that he not only accepted
  his life, but also, was happily embracing it, was the most thrilling feeling
  he had ever had. He had done it. He had saved the boy. 
 Azrael and Selene lay together, watching as Matthew fell under the combined
  spell of both David and Christian. "If they aren't careful, they'll break their
  new toy." Selene giggled kissing Azrael. 
 "Perhaps, but he will die a happy child." It never ceased to amaze him how
  mortals reacted to their first time with, Kin. Some were shy, and others, like
  this boy of David's were almost vampiric in their lusts. But shy or aggressive,
  they always tended to become absolutely hedonistic. And in some cases, such
  as Michael's boy Jason, and his own Torin, only became worse with time. 
 Matthew almost whimpered as David pressed him into the bed. It had been
  so hard over the last several days, and now. "David." He reached for his Master,
  wanting to slow everything down. "Master." 
 "Ssshh," David lay to one side, Christian the other. They both had felt
  when the heat had finally caught up to the boy. "It's all right baby." Now
  was time to go slow. The boy had what he wanted, but if David didn't take it
  carefully from here on, he could end up with another Billy, and he knew it. "What's
  wrong Mat? Too much, too soon?" A single hand moved down Matthew's body, touching,
  caressing, and teasing. 
 "No." Matthew held his breath as David finally touched him. "Oh, man." A
  single sob escaped him as his hips rose. 
 "Relax, baby, tell me what you're afraid of." A little more firmness to
  his fingers let the boy feel security in his touch. "Are you still a virgin
  precious?" Bright green eyes lowered tearing as he nodded. "Awe baby, relax.
  I promise I won't hurt you. You should have told me sooner. I thought with
  the way you responded that I wasn't your first." His passions would have to
  go on low. This boy really was a chance to make up for Billy. "Tell me if we
  go to fast for you, okay?" 
 "Thank you." He was in love. David had done the one right thing, in pulling
  back, and acknowledging his fear, he had won the boys heart for now and forever. 
 "Have you ever had a boyfriend before?" Christian kissed the side of Mats
  face, he remembered very well his first night in Shiva's bed, and how patient
  his Sire had been with him. "Here, hold me while he loves you." 
 Matthew let Christian pull him close, offering him support as well as keeping
  him from pulling away as David began to let his hands and mouth explore his
  body. "Yeah, but Kev and I never." He buried his face in Christian's hair. "Oh,
  man that's." 
 "It's okay Mat, Vincent won't hurt you. Relax, let him show you." Christian
  swore to himself that later, once he could pin his new Sire to the bed, he
  would show him how much he appreciated his handling of this boy. David could
  have pushed him and Matthew, as desperate for attention as he was right now,
  would have let him. And the boy would have never known what he would have been
  denied. Yet, David had proven his wisdom by stopping and allowing the boy the
  chance to know what his first time really meant. 
 David pulled up, pressing over Mathew, letting the boy feel his full weight
  for the first time. "Bright eyes." He smiled down at him. "Lay back baby, hold
  Christian. I'm going to see if your pleasures are as sweet as I think they
  are. But first, you've blood-bonded to my Master, will you bond with me now.
  Become my pet in truth?" He knew he didn't dare feed from the boy for a while,
  he had been drained far too much, but a simple blood bonding shouldn't place
  his new pet in any danger. "Be mine." 
 Matthew cried out softly as David's teeth broke through the surface of his
  flesh, sending him back into that endless spiral of lust and need that for
  so long meant only hunger and misery. But this time he didn't fight his feelings,
  they weren't going to hurt him, David would see to that. 
 "The things I'm going to do to you." David whispered as he pulled away. "I'll
  make up for every time you were fed from and left longing. Drink now precious,
  complete the link." Fangs flashed as he tore his wrist open, letting the boy
  have in return what he had taken from him. 
 Matthew had never been fed from and then given blood at the same time from
  the same vampire, Azrael had only bonded to him with the gift of his blood,
  nothing more. He had no idea that anything would or could ever feel like what
  he was feeling right now. If David never showed him another kindness, threw
  him out and ignored him for the rest of his life he, wouldn't, complain. The
  feelings of completion and joy were so total that he would forgive his new
  Master for anything. 
 David pulled his wrist away, making-soothing noises as Matthew protested. "There
  will be more baby, I won't starve you, I promise." Matthew's lips trembled
  against his as they kissed, David licking the blood from the boys' face. "Now
  my turn, I want to see if the rest of you is as sweet as your blood. Lay here,
  hold my Childe, let me love you." 
 Matthew's fingers stroked David's shoulders and tangled themselves in his
  hair as the vampires' mouth left cool wet kisses along the base of his throat,
  moving slowly down over his shoulders and chest. So slowly, so carefully, hinting
  of sweet promise with each declining inch. 
 Christian caught Matthew's hands in his, holding the boy still as his master
  continued to tease the boy. "Hey, relax, Vincent's not going to hurt you Mat." Christian
  bit at his chin lightly, drawing his attention away from what David was doing. "Your
  boyfriend, he never blew you?" 
 "Yes, but." 'Oh God, oh, he's going to do it, I'm, he's,  the
  boys' thoughts were incoherent. "It's never--not like this--man, I'm going
  to." 
 David chuckled listening to his newest impassioned pleas. "Christian, hold
  him down for me." And again his head lowered, moving first to one tit, then
  the other. Prodding his boy with quick firm jabs of his tongue before capturing
  the nipple between his teeth. Playfully tugging, teasing with gentle aggression
  all in a, single-minded, effort to hear the youngster beg. 
 Christian watched as David's head moved farther down the boys body, felt
  the tension, the tightness of Matthew's muscles as finally David's mouth captured
  him. The boys almost scream was silenced as Christian's mouth gave his lips
  the same attention as David did his manhood, each calling, both intent on drawing
  out, of bringing the boy to them and to their pleasures. 
 "I was right." David moved suddenly, pressing Matthew down, his mouth taking
  the place of Christian's. "Your pleasures are as sweet as your blood." 
 "My turn." Christian smiled at both his Master and the boy. "Mat would you
  like that? I'd love to see you drawn out again, but this time, I want to be
  the one pulling your strings." 
 Matthew looked at David, tears making tracks down his face. 
 He would loose his virginity tonight, to this one, a vampire. Strange thing
  was, it felt right, that if, anyone should, it had to be this one. "Now," he
  whispered reaching, Pressing, himself, against his master, "please, now." 
 "Vincent." Azrael was touched the sweetness of the sight before him. Yes
  he would have to do something for the others. None of them deserved to go longing
  like this one had. "Here Childe, grant the little one his wish, and then come
  to me." 
 David took the glass jar from Azrael, catching his hand and pressing it
  against his lips. "Master." He had never dreamed that there would ever come
  a day that anyone other than Sharra would ever mean so much to him. 
 "Christian, come, be with Selene and I. Let your Sire end that poor child's
  torments." 
 Christian looked to David, it didn't matter that Azrael was Covenstead Master,
  David was his Sire, and he answered to him first. "Master?" 
 "Go on baby, I'll be with you soon, but first," he gathered Matthew close. "Roll
  over sugar, don't be afraid. I won't hurt you I promise." 
 This was it; there would be no more waiting and wondering if it was as wonderful
  as he had imagined it would be. He moved, rolling over, letting David position
  him on his knees, ass up. "Rest on the pillow Mat, you need to relax your body
  as much as you can. Just lay there, Hon, and take deep breaths." 
 The cream was thick and cold as Matthew felt David's fingers for the first
  time, a gentle prod against the tightness, of his virgin hole. "Deep breath
  Mat." David leaned forward, speaking softly into his ear. "Here we go baby,
  deep breath." Matthew gave a soft moan as David's first finger slid in slowly. "Ssshh,
  it's, okay baby. Relax for me. If you don't loosen up we're going to be here
  all night." 
 "I--I'm trying." He was so excited, relaxing was the last thing on his mind.
  He had been waiting for this day for so long. The feel of something in him
  was not new; he had been playing with candles for a while now, but there was
  something different about it when it was living flesh. And as David slipped
  the second finger in to join the first, Matthew knew that if his Master didn't
  hurry up and get on with it, he was going to go crazy. 
 David was pleased with the boy's free response. Virgins could be so iffy
  sometimes, but Matthew was handling the whole experience well. "Ready for me
  Hon?" He knew it was time. Matthew had set up a rhythm with the thrusting fingers.
  If the boy weren't ready now, he never would be. 
 "Yeah." Mat looked at him, smiling. "I'm ready, man am I ready." 
 "Then listen to me. There will be no pain," a gentle brush of will, a slight
  domination. "You will love it, no pain, not ever." 
 Matthew moaned nodding. Of course it wouldn't hurt. Why should it, his Master
  didn't, hurt him. 
 Azrael watched on, both Selene as well as Christian holding to him curled
  against his body. David was young, and perhaps there were areas that he still
  needed work on. But handling the frail and delicate mortal in his care was
  not one of them. He could see Sharra in his movements. The care the light touch,
  emotions were always her greatest specialty. "If that is what your Sire has
  been hiding for all this time, I do believe that I have been shortchanged." 
 "Think I'm in love." Christian's voice was soft. If he had ever had reason
  to wonder about how his new Sire would be, he had them answered now. 
 "Just think." Selene bit at Azrael's neck. "Now we know the truth, nights
  around here could get ever so much more interesting." She giggled against his
  skin as his arm tightened around her, pulling her body against the hardness
  of him. 
 "Yes, I can see where you might just have a point there." So much for watching
  David, Selene's actions had reminded Azrael, that he had two darling youngsters
  with him at the moment, and there was, so many more things one could do. 
* * * 
 Robyn lay against Zak, crying. She didn't understand what was going on,
  or why she was suddenly so upset, but she couldn't calm down. She hurt inside.
  Hurt in ways she had forgotten she could hurt. 
 Zak whispered soft endearments into her hair as he held her, letting her
  cry. She had earned this break. Life had been so cruel to her as of late. But
  unless she got hold of her emotions soon, she would be waking the house with
  them. "Pretty one, talk to me, where does your pain lie?" 
 "I don't know." She sniffled, trying to focus on him, on anything other
  than the pain she was feeling. "I mean, I know, but it doesn't make any sense.
  Adrian is dead, I'm a slave, I'm going to be a vampire, and I have no idea
  what what's going to happen tomorrow," a fresh torrent of tears. "And now,
  I've been wanting to be with you two all day, but here I am, and all I can
  do." Speech failed her as she pressed her face against Zak's chest and cried. 
 William looked to his husband. "You'd better call either Torin or what-his-name.
  She's loosing it." 
 Zak tilted her head back, trying to catch her eyes. "Would you like that
  sweet? I can call my Grand-Sire. He would be here in moments? Do you need that?" The
  pain and loss there frightened him. He should have never asked for her tonight,
  should have known that she needed to be with either her soul-bonded or her
  Master. "Wait Robyn, a moment." He hoped that the Elder wasn't busy, * Azrael  .
  *  
 * Gabriel now is not the time  . *  Azrael's
  thoughts flowed back to him. 
 * I wouldn't bother you, but it is Robyn  .
      *  He tightened his arms around her . *  She
      is not doing well at all  . **  
 Azrael brushed Robyn's mind with his lightly. No, the girl was not holding
  up well at all now, but he should have known that this would occur and been
  prepared. * I come  . *  
 Zak rocked Robyn gently as she lay against him. "Azrael is coming precious.
  Just a few minutes, your master will be here for you." Zak hated to feel helpless,
  Kin rarely ever were. 
* * * 
 Azrael pulled away from the two, who had up till that moment been amusing
  him so charmingly. "I will be back. I have a pet that is in need of my attention." He
  patted Selene on the cheek. "Life has not been easy for many here, so I should
  not be surprised that I am being called upon to render aid. Go, play with Christian,
  I will return when I can." He faded from the room. 
* * * 
 "See," Zak smiled up at the Elder Kin, grateful of his speedy appearance." Your
  master is here Robyn, see I did not lie." 
 "Come to me precious." Azrael perched on the side of the bed, reaching for
  her, pulling her into the safety of his arms. "What has happened? Why have
  you given up your peace?" 
 Robyn looked up at him, anger briefly washing away the pain. "Peace?" She
  whispered softly. "I haven't had a moment of peace in so long." 
 "Yes you have. Ssshh." A single finger touched her lips, forestalling comment. "Yesterday,
  in my chamber. Lying there with Torin and I, you found peace. Why have you
  given it up? Does the pain of the past torment you so?" Vampires gave up so
  much when they became Kin. Lasting grief was one of the first things to go.
  Even Christian who was so recently orphaned was moving on with his life. So
  understanding Robyn's pain wasn't easy for Azrael, after all her brother was
  avenged, the monsters that had harmed her were dead. What more did the child
  want? 
 Past, was it the past that she hurt so much for? No, she shook her head
  against him. Past was just that, past. But what kind of future did she have.
  No family, a life that, on one hand, thrilled her. And yet on the other frightened
  her so much. The love that she thought she had with William and Zak, though
  not forbidden, no longer really hers either. Nothing was like it had been.
  Everything was either gone or changed. She hadn't even had a chance to fully
  explore anything and decide if she liked it or not before it either went away
  or became her life. No the past wasn't what frightened her so. The past was
  easily come to terms with. Her pain and her fear stemmed from the future. 
 Azrael felt more than heard the inner workings of her mind. Understood now
  that her pain had only the sharpest blows of the past in connection to it. 'Yes,
  now I see'  . This one would make not only a fine Mage but a wonderful
  Childe as well. She, who could see map and feel the future so clearly. 'Poor
  dear, her Gift is what is causing her pain. I should have foreseen this and
  shielded her. Mage and, Chosen, newly made and still reeling from the agony
  that follows all gifted'  . "Look at me Robyn. Let's put thoughts
  of tomorrow aside for now. Live for the day. Soon enough tomorrow will come
  knocking. But not tonight." It had been many years since last he had worked
  Magecraft, and then Torin had entered his world. And though he was an Adept
  and powerful beyond mortal reckoning, it still amazed him how easily it all
  came back. 
 Zak watched on, William in his arms, both, silent. He had been right to
  call his Grand-Sire; her pain had been more than any could ask her to bear
  for now. But as the power that Azrael commanded wrapped itself around Robyn,
  Zak felt guilty. He should have seen this for what it was it should have been
  he that eased her pains. He had failed her so many times, ever now; the fact
  that she still loved him was one that was beyond all logic or reason. 
 "Enough of that Gabriel. I have had to soothe one child's pains this night,
  let us not make it two. You have done as best you could for your love here.
  She is still with us, and will grow and learn in peace and security because
  of what and who you are. Be content with that, and leave off self recrimination." Azrael
  knew that if these three didn't come to terms with life, he was going to have
  his hands full. It was bad enough that they were all Magi but worse yet, none
  of them were trained at all. "There, is that better Robyn?" 
 "What happened?" She pulled up, amazed that though she was still as confused
  and lost about what was going on, the painfulness was gone. "I don't get it." 
 "Well child, it is easily explained. You have been through quite a hectic
  few days. First your assault, then Gabriel, then your brothers murder." He
  stroked her hair softly. "Add to that Torin and I, plus all that has occurred
  since. Quite simply put, you lost control. The shields that you have naturally
  were not up to the stress you have been under. It was your Mage Gift that caused
  the confusion and pain, I have settled it again, and will begin your training
  soon." 
 Robyn cuddled closer to him, glad that he knew what was going on, because
  she was way out of her league here. "Thank you. I feel okay now." 
 "So, are you content to return to your lover's, or should I take you with
  me?" No orders now Azrael, could not, bring himself to force her to do anything
  at the moment. She was too fragile, and would remain so until such time as
  her training had enabled her to live without the shields he had around her. 
 She giggled, reaching up to kiss him. "I'm fine now, go on. I can tell by
  your dress, or lack there of, that I interrupted something. Tell whoever it
  is I'm sorry." 
 "I am sure Selene would never begrudge you my aid. Besides, she has that
  new Fledgling of Vincent's to amuse her for now. But I should return to them.
  Go, let your two here give you something other than tomorrow to occupy your
  mind." He released her. "Have fun children." 
 Zak chuckled as he welcomed Robyn back into his arms. "So Grand-Sire, what
  think you of all the new challenges that life has presented you?" 
 Azrael reached out to touch his cheek, pleased to see the love in his Grand-Childe's
  eyes. "I believe I must borrow one of my girl here's sayings." The smile that
  lit his eyes brought a giggle from Robyn. 
 "Oh Ga'damn?" She winked at him. 
 "Precisely the one." His laughter joined hers. "Oh, Ga'Damn." 
EPILOGUE  
 The room was silent as Azrael lay there. Selene had long since fallen asleep
  beside him. His body finally, calming after the joys of the last several hours,
  his, mind, at last was able to turn from other concerns. 
 * Sharra *  ,  he still
  had one last thing to deal with before rest could take him. His, promise, to
  Cerberus's girl. 
 *A  zrael you, old fossil, what has you
        calling me this time of the night? *   Sharra's cheerful
        thoughts touched his mind. Loving and welcoming as ever, how she ever
        stumbled into having a Childe like Magnus confused him. * How
        is Vincent? Is my Grand-Childe as lovely as ever? *  
 *  Vincent is, well, and has Sired, yet
        another. The boy's name is Christian. I believe you will find him to
        be quite to your tastes, he was an orphan. Lilith is of course quite
        the girl; I am tempted to be jealous of your good fortune with Vincent.
        But that is not why I have called you. *  
 * I see, so tell me old friend. What has happened? *  Sharra
  was always quick. Too quick, sometimes, for Azrael's taste. There would be
  no easing into this. No way to lesson the blow. * If you     have
  something to tell me Azrael, go ahead. I am going to assume it is dealing with
  one of my offspring  . *  
 * Yes  . *  
 * If it is not Vincent, then I am going to take a stab in the
        dark. What has Magnus done now? *  
 *  You are too intelligent by far. Yes,
        my call has to do with your black sheep Childe. Magnus has been accused
        of murder. I have a Rogue Childe here that has given me his name as one
        of the Lined Kin that killed both her Sire as well as her older brother  .
        *  This was not an easy task. Training warred with law now.
        It was a Rogue that demanded justice, not just an orphaned Kin, but a
        Rogues Childe. * I would never summon you, but the Childe
        is telling the truth. You know that no deceptions exist here. Her Sire
        had broken no law, violated no sanctions. Magnus offered him the choice
        of slavery or death  .   The
        Sire chose death, and his First-Born as well, the girl fled, her life
        bought by her Elder brothers death. She now seeks justice  .
        * 
 * I see  . *  Her reply
  was curt. Anger was there, but strangely enough no disbelief. * And
  this Rogue is she willing to face me, to face Magnus with her accusations?
  *     
 * Yes, she is willing to brave a full council if need be. I
        have agreed to stand as her advocate. It is my word that no harm will
        befall her. Magnus has sworn to kill her, or so she says  .
        *  
 *  So be it. Do not be surprised when
        I tell you, you didn't have to go through the big speech. I believe the
        girl as well. My Childe did not turn out at all as I had hoped. He is
        cold, and follows the laws as if they were the only way. I can well see
        him hunting out Rogues, simply because they do not fit within the law,
        and branding them lawless.     Yes,
        I will come, and so will Magnus. Innocent or guilty, the Childe is in
        no danger. Give her my word as well. And if he is guilty, I owe this
        orphan whatever aid she needs of my Line and me  .   I
        disowned that boy a long time ago. He will wish I had never made him,
        if I find out that he is performing such perversions of the law. *  
 * So be it. I will contact her tomorrow night, at her age I
        am sure she has been asleep for sometime now. And we will set up a time
        for the council. Will you be standing as Magnus's Advocate? *  
 * No, I disowned him, if he is innocent, he does not, need,
        one and, if, he is guilty. Then I would rather be thought of as heartless
        than support him. Now, enough on my, disgrace, tell me of my new Grand-Childe.
        You say he was an orphan? *  
 Azrael shared with her the story of how Christian came to be David's newest
  child, and how it tied in with Jenna and the charge against her Childe Magnus.
  Answering the many questions that she had in relation to what a Renegade such
  as that was doing being allowed to live for so long and why hadn't anyone thought
  to summon the Elders. 
 * But if what you say is true, and these children have no one,
        and are living in fear of us, how do we help them? *  
 *By doing as I am, I have opened my lair to them, opened a
        Covenstead. True it might take some time for them to accept that this
        is no ruse, that they are safe and welcome. But I have the time. *  
 *  Yes, and for now, so do I. I had not
        realized that this situation had gotten so far out of hand. I will contact
        those here, and let them know of your findings. We will put an end to
        this disgraceful shame. These youngsters have a right to training and
        protection. It is just a shame that their damn fool Sires never got around
        to telling them that. *  
 Azrael held his peace. It would do no good for now to tell her the truth.
  That many, of, them had tried and had suffered for it. If the Lines chose not
  to wake up and accept their responsibilities, then fine. No need to drag up
  old ugliness. If not, then it was far past time to rub their noses in it. 
 *  Well, I will see you in at the tribunal,
        and we will see if this Rogue Childe's accusation is true. And if it
        is, I will see justice. Give my boy a hug for me, and keep him out of
        trouble. *  
 *I will he is quite the lad now. His efforts are very promising.
        As I am sure you will see when you come, peace and safe keeping Sharra.
        *  
 *  Safe sleep, and safe domain, Azrael  .
      *   
 The silence heralded the end of the conversation. Leaving Azrael to wonder
  what life had next for him. The last year or more had proven to him that he
  was not near as set in his ways as he had come to believe. And if they were
  any indication, the next few would show him how little he really knew himself
  at all. 
 'Oh, Ga'Damn'  . He thought to himself chuckling as
  he pulled Selene close again and sought sleep. 'Oh, Ga'Damn'.  
  
  
  
ANOTHER MOMENT OF BABBLE  
 Well it would seem that we have made it to the end of yet another one of
  my books. This is getting sinfully simple as I go along. And before anyone
  asks, yes there is a third book coming, (giggle)  . 
 Quick note here, one of the readers of my first book pointed out to me,
  as if I didn't know already, that Azrael is the Hebrew Angle of Death and retribution.
  And they really liked my choice in names. I do so love when someone who, actually,
  has his or her wits about them, actually comments on something other than the
  sex, in my book. 
 I won't bore you all with the same warnings that were in the first, other
  that to say play by all, means, play, but play safe. This is a real limited
  reading audience, and I would just as soon not share it with Death. 
 Thanks to all of you who helped me along the way. The group most importantly
  because they put up with me babbling day in and day out about who was doing
  whom and who was watching. 
 Special thanks of course, to my editor Amy who muttered, mumbled and griped,
  all the way, through this book. "Goddess Ronnie, we haven't even got DL-1 finished
  and sold yet, slow down why don't ya." Aren't you glad I didn't now? 
 So here's to seeing all of you in a few months. Be talking to ya. 
Safe sleep, and domain. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Veronica Leigh Marquette


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





