BDSM Library - Buffy




Buffy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story in 6 parts regards incest, humiliation sex and torture of a woman, her daughter and a guest.
                      BUFFY

I was really getting tired of guys hitting on me. I was not unaware that both
guys and girls thought I was attractive with my 36D bobs tiny waist and firm
round butt. The problem is that I am blonde and my nickname of Buffy makes
everybody assume I am stupid.

I had sex a couple of times but it was no big deal so when guys started fondling
me I pushed them away. I got a reputation as a cockteaser just because I liked
to dress sexy like rock stars but wouldn't fuck anyone.

I was eighteen when Rod moved in next door in the fanciest house on the block.
He was twenty-three which appealed to me since he was old enough to buy alcohol
and I loved to drink.

I began to make sure I was out in our pool which he could see from his driveway
in my sexiest bikinis. He would look but never say anything. I began to wonder
if he was gay then I noticed beautiful women who would come to his house and
stay real late or overnight.

I tried to get him interested by doing my aerobics in my bikini when he was
outside. I knew he saw me because he would wave but that was it.

One hot day he was sitting in a chaise lounge in his garden having a drink. I
decided if he would not come to me I would go to him.

I leaned over our fence giving him a good view of my cleavage and said,"Hi.
Welcome to the neighborhood. It is really hot and your drink looks good. May I
join you."

He said,"Sure kid. Come on over."

I didn't like the "Kid" but I climbed over the fence. He said,"I am having Mint
Juleps. Want one?"

I said,"Sure." although I had no idea what a mint julep was since I had only had
beer or wine.

He got me one and said,"What's your name kid?"

"It's Buffy but I am not a kid. I am eighteen."

"Well you are a kid to me. I am twenty-three and my name is Rod."

He grinned and said,"You must get kidded a lot being blonde and named Buffy
which is just too fucking cute for words."

"Yeah but I didn't pick the name and being blonde does not make me stupid."

He just nodded and sipped his drink. I sipped mine and almost choked since it
was so strong.

He noticed and said,"Would you rather have ice tea or a soft drink?"

"No this is great. Are you new to town or just to this house?"

"The town. I sold my company and decided to lay back a little after the hustle
of New York."

"I am impressed. I didn't know anyone as young as you could retire. My Dad plans
to work until he is sixty-five."

"Yeah I almost fell into the trap of just accumulating money but then I decided
I could never spend what I have so I might as well see what I may have missed."

"I guess that is how you met those pretty girls so soon."

"Oh them. I didn't meet them here. They are from New York. They miss me I
guess."

I was impressed. New York was a long way from here.

I said,"Since you are new in town would you like me to show you around?"

"Well maybe. Do you know of any good restaurants? I haven't found one yet."

"Well I undrstand Birchfield Manor is excellent. I haven't been there yet it is
expensive and you have to dress up."

"Sounds like my kind of place. Are your parents home?"

I said,"Yes" although I didn't know why he wanted to know."

"Good it is time I met my neighbor. Let's go over and see if they would like to
join us for dinner."

I was disappointed since I wanted him to myself but agreed.

We went over and he introduced himself to Mom and Dad.Dad was really impressed
when Rod told him he was the former owner of XYZ company. Dad said,"Really. I
use your browser all the time.It is great. You must be very intelligent."

Rod said,"Not really. I met some computer nerds in college. They did all the
work I just marketed it."

Dad said,"That is still impressive."

Rod said,"Enough about me. Buffy told me there is a good restaurant in town
called Birchfield Manor. Are you familiar with it?

Dad said,"Not really. I have heard it is very good but too expensive for us
since both of us work just to keep up with expenses and saving for Buffy's
college."

Rod said,"I would enjoy having you all for dinner. I am sure my accountant will
find a way to write it off."

Dad said,"I guess it will be alright as long as you can write it off."

Mom said,"That will be wonderful I can hardly wait to tell my friends. Give us
an hour to get ready."

"No problem. It is early.Come over when you are ready."

Dad showered downstairs while Mom and I went up to her bedroom to find something
to wear. The only fancy dress I had was my prom dress which was not right. Mom
is a little skinnier than me but we found a little black cocktail dress I could
wear. Since my boobs were bigger there was quite a bit of cleavage but Mom
thought It would be okay. For the first time in my life I wore a garter belt and
black nylon hose and high heels. The heels took some getting used to but by
walking constantly while waiting for Mom I managed to be graceful.

Her panties were too tight and my Haines her way cotton panties made panty lines
in the thin silk dress so we agreed I should go without panties.

I had never gone without panties before and it was a real revelation. I could
feel the dress sliding on my bare bottom when I walked to make me aware at all
times I was naked under it.

When we were ready we went to his house where he made us all drinks then gave us
a tour. I had been in the house before but my folks hadn't. He showed us around
with improvements he had made with gobs of leather furniture. I remembered there
was a swimming pool in the basement. The owners had had to put in a ton of
insulation to keep the humidity from rotting the house and I remembered that the
stereo going full blast down there could barely be heard upstairs. At my
suggestion he took us down to see it. I noticed the big room next to the pool
that had held a pool table and a bar had a padlock on it. When I asked about it
he said,"That is a mess in process of remodel."

At the restaurant the menu was in French. Rod noticed our puzzled looks and
said,"If it is okay with you I will order a variety of things so we can see how
they do."

Rod ordered in fluent French which impressed the waiter who I am sure had to
translate for most of his customers. There were several courses all excellent
with different wines with each course. I was used to fast food a dinner that
lasted nearly two hours was really different.

There was plenty of time to talk and Rod complimented Dad on the beauty of his
wife and daughter. Mom and I giggled since it seemed like we were prized pets
owned by Dad.

Then he said,"I imagine their beauty could be a problem since they can pretty
well get away with most anything."

I realized Dad must be getting a bit drunk because he revealed our darkest
secret by saying,"No they use restraint because they know if they don't they
will get a spanking."

Mom said,"God Bill. You are embarrassing us!" I said,"Yeah Dad nobody spanks
anymore."

Rod said,"Yes and that is a shame. I think that is why there is so much juvenile
delinquency now. My sister and I were spanked and it made better people out of
us,"

Dad said,"I agree completely. My girls know they will be spanked as long as they
live under my roof and as you can see they love me in spite of it."

Mom and I blushed and since I was aware of my butt being bare against the dress
the thought made it tingle.

Rod said,"That is interesting. Are the spankings all the same or do they vary?"

"Oh they have changed over the years. I started with simple over theknee
spankings with my hand on their panties but then I discovered that the added
humiliation of having them get naked for it was much more effective. Then I
found my hand spankings would sometimes just make them giggle so now I use the
belt."

Mom and I blushed even more and Mom said,"Can we change the subject?" I
said,"Yeah Dad. Please."

Rod said,"Don't be embarrassed. My sister and I had to get naked too and I
remember the humiliation was nearly as great as the spanking. It has obviously
been successful with you two since you have respect for the man of the house. My
wife will definitely have that respect."

Mom and I could not stand anymore so we excused ourselves to go to the bathroom.

At the bathroom Mom said,"I guess you know that if you should marry that man you
will be spanked the rest of your life."

"Yeah probably, but you and Dad have a happy marriage in spite of it and you
know that when we get spanked it is because we deserve it."

"Yes but if I didn't love your father so much I would never put up with it."

"Well it is a moot point. Rod has beautiful women fawning over him so my chance
of marrying him is nil."

Maybe not. He looks at you with a genuine hunger but If you want to marry him
you may as well get used to the idea that he will be boss."

"He is kind of a natural boss. He is successful and you saw how he took charge
tonight. I don't think I would argue with his decisions."

When we got back to the table Dad laughed and said,"You girls had better be
good. I told Rod he could witness your next spanking."

Mom groaned and I said shocked,"You are kidding."

Dad just grinned and said,"Maybe."

Rod paid the bill with a platinum card without a flinch although I knew the bill
was in the hundreds

We had driven Dad's Cadillac since Rod just had a two passenger sports car. When
we pulled into the driveway Mom said,"Thank you for the lovely dinner. Buffy,why
don't you walk home with Rod."

We walked to his house holding hands and when we got to his porch he
said,"Goodnight."

I didn't want it to end like that so I put my arms around his shoulders and gave
him a deep kiss. He put his hands on my butt cheeks to lift me up and closer to
him. I was sure he knew I was not wearing panties but I didn't care since it
felt so good.

When we broke the kiss he said,"You are used to taking orders from men aren't
you."

"Yes I guess so."

"Good. I am curious to know if your breasts are really that good or if they are
being helped by an uplift bra. Tomorrow at noon I want you to come over here in
a t-shirt with no bra. Will you do that?"

"Yes if it will make you happy. May I have another kiss?"

He kissed and our togues met while he massaged my buns. I had never been so
thrilled by a kiss before. I was disappointed when he patted my butt and
said,"Until tomorrow."

He left me on the doorstep longing for more kisses and more.

end part one




                      BUFFY 2

I was awake at nine AM and thought it was cruel of him to make me wait until
noon to see him. I had gobs of time to kill so I tried on differents skirts and
shorts with the t-shirt. I hadn't gone without a bra since my traing bras when I
was little. I found that my breasts and especially nipples rubbing on the fabric
made me constantly aware of my breasts like not wearing panties had me aware of
my butt. I finally decided to wear a pair of lambskin shorts a boyfriend had
made for me as a birthday present. I had only worn them once to model them for
him for two reasons. In the first place they were so tiny quartermoons of my
buttcheeks showed which meant I couldn't wear panties and the lambskin was
weird. It felt like human skin so when I walked it was like soft hands were
rubbing my buns. They were also cut low so in back they barely covered my
buttcrack showing the dimples at the top of my buns and in front left little
gaps between my hipbones and my pubic bone.

I decided I wanted him to see my flat firm belly so I got a pinking shears and
cut off the t-shirt a little below the bottom curve of my breasts. I found that
loosened the t-shirt so now my boobs swayed with every step. I put on Mom's high
heels and found that made my boobs move more. I thought it looked sexy so that
was the outfit I decided to wear.

I made some coffee to sip on to kill time but that gave me time to think. I
remembered how nice his big hands had felt rubbing my buns and wondered how they
would feel on my breasts and tummy and even my pussy. That made me snap out of
it. I was thinking like some kind of slut and I wasn't. I was nearly a virgin
and there was no reason I should think he would feel me since he had just said
he wanted to see if my boobs were that nice. I felt confident about that since I
did not need a bra for support.

I went to his door promptly at noon. He kept me waiting about five minutes which
seemed like hours since I was now acutely aware of how nearly naked I was in the
bright sunlight with cars going past the driveway on the street below me.

As soon as he opened the door I stepped inside to hug and kiss him but he just
kissed back briefly and pushed me back saying,"I want to look at you. I am sorry
I kept you waiting. I was taking a shower."

He was wearing a bathrobe but it was a lame excuse. He had all morning to take a
shower and I had the feeling the wait was to test me.

He had me turn slowly then when my back was to him he said,"The shorts really
show off those spankably round buns."

I blushed knowing what he meant. I had looked in the mirror and knew they were
like a second skin. His saying they were spankable made me wonder if he would
spank them. Strangely the thought excited me in spite of fear when Dad
threatened that.

He went over and sat on the couch then said,"Come here."

I went to him and bent over to give him a kiss but he said,"No. Stand up
straight."

I did and he began kissing and licking my navel. No-one had ever done that
before and it felt wonderful. Until then I didn't know it was an erogenous zone.
Little thrills went through my body.

He began kissing higher and when his nose was touching the hem of my t-shirt I
wanted to feel those kissing and sucking lips on my breasts so I lifted the
shirt up to my neck in spite of the fact it was broad daylight and always before
with a boy it was dark in the back seat of a car.

He kissed licked and sucked on every inch of my breasts with extra on the
nipples. The thrills became stronger making me tremble.I could hardly blieve his
restraint. Other guys would only give my breasts a few kisses before becoming so
excited they jammed their dicks into me whether I was ready or not.

He began kissing downward but when his chin touched the shorts he started
upwards again.I had expected him to unsnap and unzip the shorts but obviously he
wanted me to do it. When he reached my navel and started back down again I
unsnapped and unzipped the shorts to pull them down over the curve of my butt to
let them fll to the floor. He looked up at me and smiled then began kissing my
pussy then a huge thrill went through me when he pushed his tongue into my slit
and made it flutter against my clit.I thought he must really like me to do such
a degrading thing to give me pleasure.

Excitement rose rapidly and soon I was having orgasms. No. I got orgasms from
masturbation. What he gave me rocked me to my soul and I knew I would do
anything to keep him.

He leaned back and I took the opportunity to pull open his robe to kiss his
chest and stomach. I began kissing lower realising I was on the way to do
something boys had begged me to do and I had refused in disgust. This was
different though because he had licked me and I felt I owed him some of the
thrill he had given me. To my surprise when I took his hard dick in my hand to
kiss it I felt thrills. I remembered the disgust I felt when the boys would pull
out of my pussy to shoot their slimy sperm on my stomach I wondered how I would
feel when he shot his sperm in my mouth. I was not to find out.

He lifted my head by my chin to kiss me then picked me up by my buttcheeks to
place my pussy over his dick. I aimed it at my slit and he let me down to let it
slide into my pussy. It felt wonderful and i spite of all the foreplay he lasted
long enough to give me two more orgasms before I felt his dick jerking inside me
as he pumped in his sperm.

I leaned forward to kiss him all over his face as I cried in joy,"You are
wonderful! I love you and will do anything for you."

He smiled and lifted me off of him to slip to the floor. I knelt there while he
got up to go to the bar to make us some drinks. He gave me one and sat down to
pull my head to his leg and stroke my hair as if I was his big pet dog.

He leaned down to kiss my forehead while I smiled then said, "What would you
think if your girlfriend told you she had gone to a man's house she barely knew
and stripped for him to kiss his cock and fuck him?"

"I guess I would think she was a slut."

"Yes and would you say a slut is a naughty girl?"

I knew where this was leading and said,"You may punish me if you want to. You
may punish me anytime as long as you thrill me like you did."

He patted my head and said,"Good girl."

I was so happy I had said the right thing I smiled and kissed his leg.

He smiled and said,"Let's start with a little over the knee hand spanking."

I assumed it would hurt but I wanted to please him so I laid over his legs. He
began spanking me but it wasn't like Dad's spanking. He would hit a cheek
causing a sting to make me gasp then a rub to feel good. Eventually the sting
and good feeling ran together to just cause thrills that soon had me trembling.
I knew this was exciting him too because I could feel his hard cock poking my
side.

He told me to get up and I thought he would fuck me but he said,"There is a
leather strap on the table. Get it."

I went over a picked up a little leather strap a little over a foot long and an
inch or two wide. I knew it would hurt more than his hand but my rear was
tingling and I wanted more. I gave him the strap and started to lie over his
legs again but he stopped me telling me to straddle his legs. I did and he
pushed me back so my head and shoulders were lying on the coffee table. He hit
my left breast to cause an exciting sting which seemed to spread out. He looked
at my face to get my reaction and when I smiled he hit the other one then my
pussy.This time there were no rubs but the little stings didn't need rubs to
excite me. Just as I was panting and trembling in excitement he put down the
strap to put an arm around my waist to pull me to him while he guided his cock
into my pussy.

When it was all the way in he picked up the strap to hit my breasts again but
this time just the nipples to make a much sharper sting but his cock let me
ignore the pain. I began pushing in and out. When I pulled back he would hit a
nipple. I began pumping faster to make the stings faster until orgasms began
rocking my body then he made a face and dropped the strap to pull me into him as
deep as possible. I felt his cock jerking as it pumped his cum into me.

His dick softened and slipped out of me. He had made me feel good so I decided
to make him feel good. I began sliding down his body kissing as I went until I
was kissing and licking his cock. Normally just the thought of doing that would
have made me gag but I found our juices did not tasted bad and enjoyed his
little moans of pleasure as I licked it all over then put the head in my mouth
to look up at him and smile.

He smiled back but his dick remained soft.I was puzzled I knew the boys I had
known would have been really thrilled.

He gently pulled me up by my head to kiss me then said,"I love you for becoming
excited by that."

I said,"It was wonderful except my nipples are sore. Look at them.I have never
seen them so hard and red. Normally they are pretty flat and pink."

Hr said,"I can fix that."

He began kissing and licking them.Soon the pain was gone replaced by a not
unpleasant throb but the nipples stayed hard.

He said,"Better now?'

"Yes there is just a nice throbbing feeling."

We kissed for awhile then I said,"My kissing and licking your dick didn't seem
to excite you. Boys begged me to do that but I always refused. I did it just for
you."

"I appreciate you doing it for me but I am afraid I have become jaded. I am only
excited now by inflicting some pain on my partner."

"Oh so you won't be able to make love to me unless you hurt me first?"

"That is about it. How do you feel about that?"

"It is strange. I had never associated pain with sex before but the pain you
gave me was worth suffering since it brought me to great orgasms."

"So you agree to suffer in order to get those orgasms?"

I blushed and admitted,"I know it is weird but I had orgasms just from the strap
before you began fucking me."

"I know but the fucking made them continue didn't it."

"Yes it made them seem better, deeper somehow so my whole body was involved."

"Good.Let's go take a shower."

The shower was wonderful he washed me all over gently with a big soft sponge
then finished by putting the shower nozzle in my pussy to wassh out his cim.
That was really strange. I could feel myself filling up inside then blushed when
he removed the nozzle and water gushed out of my pussy. He put it in again and
this time he lefy it in until I felt a stretching feeling. I looked down to see
my tummy begin to pooch out as if I was getting pregnant. It began to hurt and I
whimpered so he took it out. This time the water really gushed out and my pussy
made farting sounds that made me blush again.

I washed him but even when I spent a lot of time washing his dick and balls he
didn't get hard so I said,"Would you like to spank me some more?"

"No. We have done that.I want you to go home and think of something painful you
are willing to let me do. If you can't think of anything yo can check out some
websites I will give you."

While I dressed he gave me a sheet of paper with urls of websites.It urned out I
didn't get to them for a few days."

END PART 2




                     BUFFY 3

When I got home Mom was sitting on the couch sipping a drink and looking
nervous.

I said,"You look jumpy. What is wrong."

"I did a bad thing. I called my sister last night long distance and we talked
for over an hour. He will find out when the bill arrives so I may confess to him
now so he may show some mercy."

I was immediately suspicious. I said,"Last night? That was after Dad told Rod he
could watch us be punished. I know Dad's spankings excite you because you go to
bed right after and I hear the headboard of your bed hit the wall. You just want
to show off in front of Rod. Don't you?"

She blushed letting me know I was right but protested,"No this will hurt too
much to excite me.This could be a stage five punishment."

I said, "I know stage one is a hand spanking on your panties, stage two is a
strap on your bare butt,and stage three is a whipping on your back, butt and
thighs with a riding quirt but what is stage four and five?"

Tears came to her eyes as she said,"I have never had a stage four and five but
he told me it would be with a willow switch on my breasts,tummy and even
pussy.He said it would leave really painful welts and I wouldn't be able to rub
them.I really screwed up when I was talking to my sister I thought it would be
exciting but now I am really frightened."

I said angrily,"Don't expect any sympathy from me. After Rod sees you punished
that way he will want to do it to me and I don't think I can refuse him."

She said excitedly,"Has he spanked you?"

I told her all about our meeting emphasizing the fact that he was not mean and I
was just excited.

"Did he make love to you afterwards?"

"Yes and it was wonderful."

"Oh I know. After a spanking I practically explode with orgasms,"

"Then why are you frightened about this punishment?"

"Because this will hurt more than anything I have experienced and worse he said
he would leave me bound with the welts smarting for awhile before releasing me
for a rub with lotion and making love to me."

"Yeah I can understand that but you have asked for it haven't you?"

She sobbed, "I guess so." She started making dinner. Every once in awhile she
would let out a little sob.

At dinner she confessed. Dad went ballistic yelling,"Jesus H.Christ! I told you
three times no calls over twenty minutes. You are in deep trouble."

Mom sobbed,"I know.Will this be a stage five?"

He seemed surprised. Evidentally he had not planned to be that severe but he
said,"You deserve that don't you?"

Mom sobbed,"Yes. You won't let Rod watch. Will you?"

"I have to think about that. I only planned on him watching you girls be
spanked. This may be too much for him."

I said,"I don't think it will bother him. Should I call him and ask if he would
like to see it?"

"No I should ask him."

Dad called and Mom and I listened. Mom blushed when Dad said,"Yes she will be
naked." She cringed when Dad said,"She has no idea of the pain and welts the
switch will cause but she will prepare herself for it."

Dad hung up and said,"He will be here in five minutes. I think I may let him
help me punish you. What do you think of that?"

"Mom said,"Please no. You are the only one who has punished me. He may be too
mean."

"I hope he is. You deserve it."

Mom began to cry and I whispered,"He isn't mean."

She calmed down a bit just as Dad answered the door for Rod.

She was sitting on the couch cringing and when Rod smiled at her she looked down
in embarrassment.

Dad said,"I have decided that rather than you being just a witness I would let
you participate if you want to do it?"

Rod smiled and said,"That is very generous of you.I will return the favor when
Lisa comes to visit Friday."

I didn't like to be reminded I had competition for his favors and resolved to
make him so happy with me he would forsake other girls.

Dad grinned and said,"That will be great I have only punished Joan and Buffy
since high school."

Dad said,"Okay I do this in stages. In stage one I will give her ten spanks on
her panties then you can give her another ten."

"Mom said,"Wait! I just get ten spanks.Shouldn't it be five and five?"

"No you asked for this so everything will be doubled."

Mom sobbed again but he ignored her and pulled out a chair to sit on. He
said,"You know what to do."

She sniffled then pulled her skirt up to her waist and laid across his knees.

He hit each bun five times. Even with the panties you could see the cheeks
flatten and tremble but she just gasped at each one.

He pushed her off his lap and she knelt on the floor sniffling. I knew she
wanted to rub her stinging cheeks but knew she couldn't without permission.

Rod sat down and she got up to lie over his legs whimpering."Please." It didn't
do her any good. Rod hit just as hard maybe harder to make her buns jump and
tremble.

Tears were rolling down her cheeks when she got up. She sobbed,"May I rub my
buns. They sting and burn."

Dad said,"Not yet. Take off the skirt and panties and get the strap."

Mom turned her back to us and took off the skirt and slid down the panties
showing her reddened buns.

Rod laughed and said,"She is bashful. You would think she would be used to
getting naked."

Dad said,"This is new to her she has only been nude in front of Buffy and me."

"Oh? That makes this more enjoyable for me knowing this will embarrass her."

Mom walked to the wall to get the strap. I noticed for the first time she was
wearing high heels. I knew in spite of her protests that she wanted to show off
because they caused an attractive curve to her legs and made her red cheeks
jiggle with every step.

She turned around hugging the strap to her breasts and blushed As her pussy came
into view. Now I knew she wanted to show off because she had trimmed her pubic
hair so it was barely more than stubble giving us a clear view of her vaginal
lips moving slightly as she walked.

Rod said, "I am glad the hair is trimmed. It makes it better to be able to see
the lips move as they are hit."

Mom cringed and let out a little sob at the reminder that her pussy would be hit
for the first time.

She gave the strap to Dad and he said,"Get into position."

She opened her legs then bent over to hold on to the edge of the coffee table.
That made her nice round buttcheeks tighten and gave us a view of her pussy with
the slightly puffy lips.

Dad got up to go to her but then Rod said,"May I make a suggestion?"

Dad said,"Certainly. What do you have in mind?"

"I have noticed that women eventually dance under the strap. Bent over that way
her breasts will hang straight down to move easily during her dance. It would be
good if the blouse and bra were off."

Dad said,"Good idea. Joan, take off the blouse and bra."

Mom pouted and said, "I was hoping I wouldn't have to get totally naked until
the switching."

Dad said,"Do it."

She pouted but I knew it was phoney because she made a tease of it slowly
unbuttoning buttons to reveal cleavage and tummy then pulled down the bra straps
then held the cups with one arm while she reached back with the other to unclasp
the bra. then she held the cups in her hands and slowly slid them down revealing
her breasts an inch at a time.They were almost as good as mine. Just a tiny bit
more sag.

When they were totally revealed she went to Rod and bent over to give him the
bra saying sarcastically,"Happy now?"

Rod smiled and said,"I'll be happier when they are dancing."

She giggled and shrugged her shoulders. Just that little movement made her boobs
swing a little.She said,"I am not going to give you that satisfaction. I am
going to be still."

She went over and got into position. Rod said,"Open your legs more. I want to
see your tits."

She blushed but opened her legs enough to frame her tits between them and cause
her pussy lips to open slightly for a glimpse of the pink inner lips.

Dad began spanking her bringing the strap way back to hit a cheek with a loud
"Slap!" In spite of what she said the pain made her jerk to make her breasts
swing.He kept hitting about five seconds apart and when he hit the real
sensitive spot at the bottom of the curve of her butt cheeks she began her dance
of pain kicking her legs to make her boobs jump and her pussy to wink.

When he finished his ten he gave the strap to Rod. He really made it hurt by
hitting the inner thighs barely below her pussy. She yelled,"Aiii!" and really
danced in a futile effort to lessen the pain.He paused to watch the dance until
she calmed then hit again.On the fifth one he made the end of the strap hit her
pussy. She stood up scraming,"You hit my pussy!"

Rod said,"Get used to it.The switch will be worse.Now get back down and open
your legs more."

She was crying but she did it. He made the last four come up between her legs to
flatten her pussy and make it squirm while her boobs flopped. I knew it had to
hurt but she didn't try to close her legs. At the last one she stood up and
rubbed her butt and pussy with both hand as she looked at me accusingly and
cried,"You said he was not mean."

Dad said, "No-one gave you permission to rub. You will get one more from Rod and
one from me."

Rod said,"Yes. Turn to face me and spread your legs. When you are ready say
'Now."

Tears rolled down her cheeks but she turned to face him and opened her legs.
Even that was not good enough for him. He told her to rock her hips to push out
her pussy.

She sobbed but did it looking really obscene. He watched her a moment as her
body shook from her sobs then said,"Well?"

She clenched her eyes shutand whimpered,"Now." I knew it had to be hell to have
to ask for the pain. He brought the strap up from the floor to make the tip go
between her buttcheeks to hit and slide from her anus to the top of her slit.
Her eyes opened wide as she made a shrill scream.

Dad got up and said."Maybe that is enough."

"Rod said,"It isn't as bad as it looks.See how wet she has made the strap?"

I looked and the strap was wet and shining in the bright light.

Mom seemed to confirm it was not so bad because she opened her legs and pushed
out her pussy sobbing,"Now. Now."

Dad hit her and she made another scream then stood there rocking her pussy back
and forth as id it was being fucked.Rod smiled and said,"She has earned a rub."

Dad and Rob began rubbing her pussy and inner thighs. I was jealous of her
knowing the trembling and panting she was doing was caused by orgasms.

Suddenly Rod said,"Enough! Let's get on with the punishment.She is enjoying this
too much."

Mom panted,"No. Please don't stop!"

Dad said sternly,"No the welts and red are fading. I don't want that. You know
what to do now."

She sobbed but went to the bedroom. She came back with ropes with leather cuffs
and a two by four about four feet long with leather cuffs nailed to the ends
hugged to her chest.She was carrying a long willow switch in her mouth.

She went to Dad and he took the switch from her mouth.She gasped as he swung it
through the air for her to hear the"Whirr." and see the blur of the switch.

She went under our wrought iron chandelier which hung from a big steel eye in
the ceiling. it has a series of iron rings leading to big bulbs on the end. She
left the ropes and things there and went to the dining room table to get two
chairs. She placed them under the chandelier to push the ends of the ropes
through the outermost rings until the cuffs were at her shoulders.She got down
to place the twoxfour across the chairs then got back on them to spread her legs
to buckle the cuffs on her ankles. When they were tight she stood up with her
now open slit glistening in the light. She put the cuffs on her wrists and
stretched her arms up nearly to the chandelier. I was really impressed by her
courage to prepare herself for more pain than she had ever experienced.

Dad and Rod pulled down on the ropes to lift her up on her toes then tied the
ends to hooks in the wall.

They came around to the front of her and pulled away the chairs. She sunk about
a foot as her body stretched.

Rod said in awe,"God.She is beautiful."

Dad said,"Yes the stretch takes the small sag from her breasts and makes her
stomach concave to show ribs and tighten her vaginal lips." 

I was jealous wanting them to say that I was beautiful.

Rod said,"The stretched skin will not welt as much but they will when she is
released. We pretty well covered her ass. Let's put these on her front."

Mom evidentally had second thoughts because she whined,"Please don't do this.
You can strap me for an hour instead."

I knew she had to be really scared because an hour of strapping would turn every
inch of her body red.

Dad said, "After our last sesion you said that you would like to know what it
would like to be taken to the end of your endurence. I think this may be it. To
be sure I am going to let Buffy take a turn."

Mom cried,"Oh no! Not my own daughter. I have always punished her."

Dad said,"Right. It is her turn and if she doesn't hit hard enough she will take
your place."

I had mixed emotions. I didn't want to hurt her but On the other hand I could
now get even for the terribly humiliating experience she had caused when I was
twelve letting my uncle and cousins watch her spank my bare butt.

I said, "I have never switched anyone. I don't know how hard to hit."

Rod said,"We will let you know. I have another suggestion. I think Buffy shoud
be naked so we can watch her body move while she switches."

Dad said,"Excellent idea."

I quickly stripped hoping they would say I was beautiful too and smiled when
they agreed I was."

Dad gave me the switch and I hit her across her belly to make a red line and
causing her to gasp.

"Rod said,"Harder. She should scream."

I hit a little harder to make another line across her navel. She made a louder
gasp."

Dad said,"Harder! This is your last chance."

That scared me and I really hit her hard just above the top of her slit. She
screamed and Dad said "Good. Make the rest just as hard. Only hit her breasts
and pussy."

I hit her left breast and I actually saw the switch bury itself in her breast to
cause an agonized scream.It was weird I swear I could feel her pain. It was
almost like switching myself. I quickly hit her right breast and across the lips
of her pussy. She made a continuous scream.

Rod said."Slow down. Let her absorb the pain."

Actually that was mean. With the quick hits my turn would have been over in
seconds but waiting for her sobs and convulsions to stop made it last for a
couple of minutes.

When I stopped to give Dad the switch I felt ashamed. She was jerking from her
sobs and the pain and struggles had made her sweat to make the nasty lines seem
to glow in the bright light. I was sweating too, not from the exertion of
switching but just from excitement.

Rod said, "Buffy has made me horny. Let's fuck her to give Joan a chance to
rest."

Dad said,"Me too but I don't know about fucking my daughter."

Rod said,"That will just make it sweeter. Buffy. Get on your hands and knees."

I did and he and Dad stripped and Rod went behind me. He said,"You can use her
mouth while I mount her from behind."

I was so wet Rod slipped into my pussy easily then Dad knelt to push his dick
against my lips. I opened my mouth and Dad's dick slid in then Rod began
thrusting which drove me forward to make Dad's dick go deeper in my mouth. At
first I gagged as it hit the entrance to my throat but as it kept hitting it my
gag reflex went away and I felt it go into my throat as my nose sunk into his
pubic hair.The double assault soon had me enjoying orgasms.

Rod came and then Dad. I choked a little as his sperm shot down my throat. 

End part three




                   BUFFY PART 4

They sat on the couch and I knelt between them to alternately lick their now
soft dicks while they carressed my head and shoulders as if I was their favorite
dog.

Mom moaned reminding them her session was not over. Dad got up to pick up the
switch and began hitting her in the white places left waiting between them for
her scream to subside until she became hoarse and just convulsed and gasped.

Rod took his turn. Dad was hard again so he had me get back on hands and knnes
and fucked me from behind while we watched Mom shudder and groan as the switch
sunk into her nipples and then upwards into her slit which made her struggle
against the ropes. I felt Dad's dick slide out of my pussy and then began
pushing into my anus. I tried to clench to keep it out but he slapped my ass
real hard and said."Loosen up."

I relaxed a bit and it began driving into me. Thankfully it was slick from my
pussy but it still caused a painful stretch. Finally it was in all the way and
he grabbed my tits to pull me back and forward.

Rod finished the whipping and knelt in front of me. I took his dick in my mouth
and he grabbed my nipples. Now my tits were being jerked by both my breasts and
nipples and it both hurt and made a stretching feeling but I had great orgasms.

When they came Mom was moaning,"I hurt. I hurt. Please let me down."

They loosened her ropes so she could stand weakly on the floor then Rod
said,"Buffy. Kiss her hurts and make them well."

That was strange because when I was little Mom used to kiss my scrapes to"Make
them well."

It was to be a big job. She had hurts everywhere from her breasts to her pussy.
I began kissing and licking them starting at her breasts. When I licked her red
and hard nipples she moaned,"Oh yes."

As I started down her tummy she began to moan and twist. To my amazement in
spite of her ordeal she was becoming excited. When I got to her pussy she
moaned,"Yes. My pussy. Make it well. Inside."

Feeling totally depraved I began licking her pussy thinking I should surely go
to hell for this but her obvious enjoyment made me feel I owed it to her because
of the pain I had caused her."

I blushed when I heard Rod say,"I love this girl girl action. Don't you?"

Dad said,"God yes. If I had known Buffy would do this I would have had her do it
long ago."

"Rod said,"They will both do any thing you want."

Suddenly Mom's juices really began to flow dripping off my cheeks making me know
she was having orgasms. Then she made a low,"Ohh." and went limp.

They released her and Dad carried her to bed. Rod gave him some of his marvelous
lotion then he kissed me and went home.

The next morning I went down to the kitchen and made coffee. I was drinking a
cup when Dad came out of the bedroom so I poured him a cup.

He was just waring his pajama bottom and seeing his hairy muscular body reminded
me of how his muscles flexed when he hit Mom. The thought made my clit tingle.

I asked,"How is Mom?"

"She will be fine.That lotion is really miraculous. The red and welts went away
in about a half hour of rubbing. She has a lot of bruises but I don't think they
hurt her. I poked a few this morning and she didn't stir.It really wore her out.
She slept as if she was dead."

"I can't really feel sorry for her.She deliberately made that long phone call
knowing she would be punished bad."

"Yeah but I don't think she knew it would be that bad.I have never done anything
that severe before. Rod is kind of a bad influence."

"Yes but she wanted to know how much she could endure and I don't think she got
to that point. She never really begged you to stop."

"Yes I think you are right. When she first agreed I should punish her when she
was bad we agreed on a safeword and she never used it."

About that time Mom came out of the bedroom stark naked. She raised her arms and
turned slowly saying, "Look at me. It is a miracle. I have a lot of bruises but
I am not cut anywhere. I swear I could feel blood running down my body last
night."

I stared at her in awe. All her stripes were now skinny purplish colors. It was
kind of pretty in a weird sort of way. I said."That wasn't blood Mom that was
sweat. I have never seen anyone sweat so much it was running down your body in
rivulets.I think it was caused because you were struggling so much."

She said,"I don't think it was all from struggling. The switch made me hot. It
was like a red hot rod was hitting me."

"Oh wow.Does it hurt that much?"

"Yes it is much worse than the strap. It stings,burns and cuts all at the same
time. The pain goes deep into your body then spreads out so you hurt everywhere.
I never want to do that again."

Dad said,"If it was so bad why didn't you use your safeword?"

"I hurt so much I couldn't think of it."

"So I guess you now know your limit of pain."

Mom thought a minute then said,"I am not sure. I thought I would faint when it
got too bad but about half way through it didn't hurt as much. I felt a rush
like that time we tried cocaine."

Dad said,"You reached your limit. When the pain becomes too great your brain
puts out endomorphins to combat it. Marathon runners call it a runners high."

"Anyway it is scary. Toward the end when I thought I was bleeding I didn't
care.I don't think I would have cared if I was beaten to death."

"That is why it is important to have someone take care of you. I would have
stopped it if I thought you were hurt bad enough to need medical attention."

She hugged him and said,"I know you would.May I thank you?"

He said "Yes."

She knelt betweem his legs and he lifted his butt so she could slide his pajamas
down. His dick flipped out hard and trembling. She kissed and licked the head
then turned to me to say,"Join me Buffy."

I slid off my nightie and Dad spread his legs more to let us both get between
them. We took turns sucking his dick and licking his balls. Mom reached down to
cup my pussy then put her finger in it. I did the same to her and soon we were
rocking our hips against each other's hand. In a little while Dad began to moan.
Mom brought up her left hand to hold my cheek against hers then began stroking
his dick. His dick began shooting out cum and she aimed it into her face and
mine. Finally just a little dribbled out which she licked up with her tongue
then she began licking his cum from my face and I licked it from hers while we
dug at each others pussy with our hands.Soon we were both having orgasms.

Mom said."God. We are so depraved."

I grinned and said,"Yeah it is fun. Isn't it?"

Dad said,"God must love me to let me have you two."

We giggled thinking of God saying,"Let's send Bill two girls to fuck and suck
him into a coma."

They didn't have to go to work so they went back to bed. I heard them laughing
in there and felt jealous so I put my nightie back on and went to Rod's house. I
didn't care if neighbors saw me in my nightie that barely covered my buns since
it was cotton and they could not see through it.

He answered the door in his pajama bottoms. I was instantly excited just by
seeing his hairy,muscular chest and stomach.

He said accusingly,"You woke me. From now on you are not to come here unless I
call you. Do you understand?"

"Yes I'm sorry. Would you like to punish me. It excited you to have Mom hung up
while you switched her. I think I would be beautiful stretched too." 

I am sure you would but I have done that I would like to do something
different.When I moved in here the backyard needed weeding. My gardner removed a
lot of cockleburrs.Do you know what they are?"

"Yes they look like little porcupines about an inch long and the stickers have
barbs so when you walk through them they stick to your pants and socks like
velcro."

"Good description. Take off your nightie and give it to me."

I did and he turned it inside out and laid it on the table then went into the
other room and came back with a big grocery sack. He began dumping cockleburrs
out of the sack where my breasts and pussy and butt would touch them.

I said,"I suppose I will have to put the nightie back on. The burrs will scratch
and stick into my skin. That will hurt a lot."

"Yes but you will do it because you know I will reward you for it later. Come
give me a kiss and ask me if you can put the nightie on so you can walk and
dance in it."

I really wanted to kiss him since his kisses thrilled me to my toes but I knew
the kiss would tell him I was ready to suffer for him. I realized I wanted to
suffer for him and went to him but he said,"Just a moment. I will give you a
taste of what is to come."

He put on a pair of cotton gloves and stuck his hand into the sack. When he
brought out his hands the burrs were stuck to the palms and fingers.

He put his hands palms out at his lower chest right at my breast level and
said,"Come and kiss me,"

I whimpered, "The burrs will stick my boobies."

"Exactly. I told you I would give you a taste of the nightie. Now do it!"

I went to him and gingerly let my boobs toch his hands. It felt like a thousand
needles were sticking me and I pulled back a bit but then he leaned forward to
kiss me and the thrill let me press into him. To my surprise the sticking of the
burrs just added to the thrill and I found myself grabbing his shoulders to pull
him tight against me to feel thousands of pricking sensations. I squirmed
against his hands gasping at he pain and thrill as they dug into my nipples.

Then he pushed me away and said,"See. That wasn't too bad."

"No but I had the thrill of your kiss. I won't have that dancing."

"No but you will do it for me won't you."

"Yes if it will make you happy."

He handed me the nightie and I carefully slipped it on trying to avoid the burrs
although I knew that was just putting off the inevitable. I stood there quietly
but my damn big boobs were pressing against the stickers and I knew as soon as I
moved they would be sticking and scratching me.

I stood there quietly taking small breaths to keep the nightie from tightening
against my now super sensitive nipples.

He said,"Good girl. Come and kiss me."

I hesitated because before his hands had only stuck my boobs, Kissing him now
would push the burrs into my whole front. I knew I had to and walked over to
him. Just the slow walk caused scratches on my breasts and buttcheeks.

When I got to him I put my hands on his shoulders and he reached around to pull
me tight against him by my butt cheeks. I gasped at the thousands of needle
pricks on my butt, breasts and whole front but especially at my pussy since his
hard dick was pushing the burrs into the slit of my pussy. Perversely it was
simply thrilling and I squirmed against him increasing the punctures while I
approached orgasm.

He pushed me away before I got there and turned on some music. I was determined
to complete my orgasm so as I danced I rubbed my butt, boobs and pussy the pain
and my satisfacton in seeing the smile on his face let me get to orgasm.

He was pleased and when the song was over he put me in front of a big mirror
then pulled  my nightgown down my body to reveal red and scratched boobs tummy
and the front of my thighs then turned me so I could see my red and scratched
butt.

He said,"See that isn't bad. Is it."

"Well no but it burns and itches. I must be allergic to the burrs."

"I will fix that in a minute with some soothing lotion."

"Oh I love it when you rub me."

"Yes but there is a problem. do you see it?"

I looked at my red itching body but didn't know what he was talking about and
said, "I am just red."

"Your pussy is only scratched a little when you rubbed it. It should be  at
least as red as your tits. We'll fix that."

He led me over to the couch and draped my nightie on the top of the couch back
rest. He tied my wrists behind my back leaving the rope ends hanging down then
had me straddle the top of the couch. I let myself down gingerly until the burrs
began sticking my pussy. I whined, "I won't be able to sit here long. This
really hurts.Some of the burrs are going into my slit."

"You will sit there as long as I like.Won't you."

I whimpered, "I guess so if it makes you happy."

Then it got worse. He pulled my leg up from the floor to tie my ankle to the
wrist ropes and then my other leg from the seat so all my weight was resting on
my poor pussy with gobs of burrs sticking all the lips and even inside.

He pulled the skirt up into my ass crack causing me to gasp as the burrs slid
into it and pulled tight against my anus. He tied the skirt to my wrists then
watched me whimper whike I sat as quietly as possible.

He left the room as I sniffled from the constant sticking of the burrs on my
pussy and anus. He came back carrying a big wide leather strap.

I cried,"Oh no!" knowing he would use it to hit me to make me move on the
burrs."

He said,"Oh yes. This will get your ass and pussy nice and red."

He began spanking my ass with it. It was so heavy I was jerked forward to
scratch my pussy on the burrs and make me clench my asscheeks to stick my anus.
It was pretty awful at first but then as usual the pain turned to excitement.I
no longer tried to grip the couch with my knees and just slid back and forth as
the strap turned my ass to one big sting and burn. I managed to get to orgasm
and began twisting on the burrs. When he saw that he stopped and untied me.

He spread a sheet on the rug and had me lie down on it face down with my legs
open and began carressing the salve on my pussy and anus. It felt wonderful and
soon I was moaning in pleasure.

He said,"You really love this. Don't you?"

I moaned,"Yes it feels wonderful. The burning and stinging is going away."

"Yes but a normal girl would become excited by the rub. You just think it feels
good. You need pain to cum.Don't you."

That made me seem horribly perverted so I said,"No I just accept te pain so I
can get this wonderful part."

"You are lying. You only have orgasms when I finish rubbing you to fuck you."

I said defensively, "No that is because the rubbing is foreplay."

"Bullshit but that is okay I like the fact pain makes you cum. This is foreplay
for me to want to fuck you."

He pulled me up on my knees and fucked me from behind while his fingers played
with my clit and nipples. I had another wonderful orgasm just before he shot
into me and became soft.

He gave me the ointment and watched as I put it on my breasts and tummy until
the burning and itching went away.

He gave me my nightie to pull off the burrs and put them back in the sack then
kissed me and sent me home. Before I left he said,"Tomorrow I am going to
introduce you to Lisa. Unlike you and your mother she is not excited by pain but
will accept it in order to be eaten and fucked. Somehow she got twisted and can
only enjoy sex after she has received enough punishment to allow her to enjoy
sex."

End part four.




                         Buffy part five

When I got home my folks were still up. Mom asked me what I had done at Rod's
place so I told her in detail taking off my nightie to show them all the
scratches and tiny punctures.

Mom said,"Oh that sounds wild. I will have to try it sometime."

Dad just said,"You girls are getting weirder everyday."

Mom and I giggled then I told them about Lisa.

Dad said,"She sounds as if someone loaded her with guilt about sex. It will be
interesting how much punishment she is willing to take to have sex."

The next afternoon as soon as my folks came home Rod came over for a drink and
to tell us Lisa would arrive about seven and he would bring her over.

Dad said,"That should be interesting. From what Buffy said she must really feel
guilty about sex to accept punishment to allow it."

"Yes I asked her about it. She was raped by three men when she was virgin and
fifteen years old. She resisted and was tortured then found to her surprise when
she gave in that she enjoyed the sex having massive orgasms but it made her feel
guilty to enjoy a rape. She went to a psychiatrist for years but he didn't help
her.She tried normal sex with men but it did nothing for her. Then she met me
and was a prickteaser. That pissed me off and I forced her. She came and about
once a month she can no longer resist the urge and comes to me. At first just
bondage and humiliation and a little spanking or whipping would let her enjoy
sex but as time has gone by she needs more pain. She spends a lot of time at
BDSM sites on the internet to get new ideas and now has a duffle bag of torture
instruments. This will be a new experience for her. She has always kept her
perversion private. I am the only one who knows about it."

I said,"Oh wow. That will be awful for her. I haven't told anybody about my
being turned on by pain. I would die of embarrassment if my friends knew about
me,"

"Yes and tonight will be special. She is fiercly heterosexual always making
snide comments about gays and said her church said they would all go to Hell. It
will be interesting to see what it will take to get her to eat you girl's pussy
and lick your assholes. She is a very successful business woman who dresses
conservatively. Nobody would ever guess what she is involved in."

"Actually I cheat. I could force her to do anything in five minutes by torturing
her clitoris but I start out easy to make the session last a long time. Once she
has given up she will do any humiliating act rather than be punished more."

That sounded familiar. He had started me easy too.

"I want you girls to dress conservatively too in blouse, skirt, panties and bra.
Nothing sexy. Just an outfit you would wear to town shopping.

A little after seven Rod brought her over. She was wearing a grey business suit
with her hair in a bun.The coat covered her ass so you had no clue what her body
was like except that she seemed slim. She was about five feet six inches tall
and pretty in a plain sort of way. With proper makeup and clothes she could be
beautiful.

She seemed nice accepting a drink and at Dad's urging told us about her business
as an executive at a leading internet server. She appeared anxious though and
after finishing her drink she said, "May we go to your place Rod? I need to talk
to you privately."

Rod grinned and said,"No I have told them all about you and they want to see you
perform."

Her face blanched and she exclaimed, ""No you couldn't have. You know that is
our secret."

"I told you that some day I would have you perform in front of others. Today is
that day."

She whined, "I was afraid some day you would have another man. Not a family.
This is too embarrassing."

Rod said,"First of all I want you to take off your clothes so they can see the
marks that you and I have made on you. I forgot to tell you she is into
self-torture,"

She whimpered,"No. I won't do that."

She just hung her head looking defeated. I thought that if she was really
serious about not wanting it she would have run out the door.

Rod said, "I see you are going to force me to be mean right away. Buffy and Joan
grab her wrists and pull her over the dining room table. Bill get some rope."

I expected a big struggle but she just began to sniffle and let us lead her over
to the table to pull her upper body down on it. She did struggle a little when
Dad and Rod pulled her legs apart to tie her ankles to the legs about three feet
apart.

Rod told me to get the keys from her purse and go out to her car to bring in a
duffle bag while they tied her wrists. I got the keys and ran out to her car. I
found the duffle bag which she must have found at a surplus store because it
said U.S. Navy on it. It was pretty heavy and I had to carry it clutched to my
chest.

When I went in she was whining,"No. Please no."

As instructed I dumped the bag out on the floor. It was full of things you might
find at hardware stores, sports stores and kitchen appliances. I saw big wooden
spoons a restaurent might use to stir big kettles, a fishing pole, gobs of
different types of clamps, big fish hooks and pear shaped lead weights, a canvas
bucket, a  manual bilge pump with a hose attached to it, a big uninflated
balloon, a bunch of leather straps, some darts made by straightening the fish
hooks and gluing them into dowels with paper fins, and wood dowels from about a
fourth inch to an inch wide.

I looked at Rod questioningly and he said,"She doesn't want to go to sex shops
for things so she improvises. Bring me the fishing pole."

I did and he told me to raise her skirt up to her waist and hold it there."

She was wearing pantyhose plus granny panties. he deliberately turned the fish
pole so the round ferrules that guided the fish line was at her ass and began
spanking her. Those ferrules were vicious. she squealed and struggled at each
spank and by the tenth the pantyhose was shredded and the granny panties began
to tear. She yelled,"No more! I'll take off my clothes."

Dad and Rod untied her and she stood up with tears rolling down her cheeks and
began rubbing her sore ass.

Rod said,"Well?"

She sniffled and began the worlds longest strip. She took off the suit jacket
and folded it neatly on the table.Then her skirt which she also folded. then her
blouse,her full slip,her shoes and pantyhose, the bra, and finally her panties
still sniffling and holding her hand over her pussy and the other arm hiding her
breasts.

Rod said," Hands at your sides."

She dropped them reluctantly and stood there looking at the floor and blushing.

She had a nice little body about 34C breasts and a tiny waist that made her butt
look bigger. Her pussy was totally hairless.

Rod said,"Gather around her for a closer look."

We did and I couldn't resist touching her breasts to see if they were as firm as
they looked. She flinched as if I had touched her with a hot poker and whined,
"Please don't."

I just grinned and felt her pussy confirming it was as soft as a baby's. She
flinched back from me. I said,"She dresses so conservatively I am surprised she
has shaved her pussy."

Rod said,"She doesn't shave it she plucks out the hair. Why do you do that
Lisa?"

She whimpered, "So you can see the marks when you whip it."

"Yes and what happens if you leave hair?"

A tear rolled down her cheek as she said, "If you find any you will burn them
off with a cigarette."

"Yes and you always leave a few. Where are they this time?"

Tears really flowed as she whimpered, "One on each cunt lip."

I was feeling sorry for her but now I knew she wanted the pain and that
explained the circular scars on her pussy.

Rod said."Go to your purse and get a cigarette and light it."

She whined,"Please no!" but she went to her purse and got a cigarette and puffed
on it on the way to Rod bringing the lighter with her. She handed him the
cigarette but he said, "No I want them to know how well trained you are. You
burn off the hairs."

She looked alarmed and cried,"No I can't see them my tits are in the way.
Please. You do it."

"You can see them in the mirror on the wall. Do it."

She sobbed but went to the mirror puffing on the cigarette to make a big coal.
She took a deep breath and pushed the burning coal into the hair on the left
lip. The hair burned instantly but she pushed the cigarette into the lip and
held it there until it went out.Smoke or steam rose from the lip as her mouth
opened in a silent scream.

She stood there shuddering for a moment then relit the cigarette to burn the
other hair. Again there was a silent scream then she sat on the floor with her
legs open and up and began frantically fanning her pussy with her hands in a
futile effort to stop the burning.

I thought it must be awful. I had bawled when a bit of hot grease had spattered
on my tummy when I was cooking bacon in my half-shirt. I said, "Aren't you going
to put some of you wonderful ointment on her?"

"No. We both want the pain to last as long as possible. Let's have a drink while
she recovers."

I poured whisky over ice and when they all had one I took one to Lisa. She
said,"Oh thank you." and rubbed the cold glass on the burns. I felt good about
helping her but Rod looked at me and shook his head to let me know I should not
interfere.

Rod told her to get up and show us her burned pussy. She seemed proud of the
circles of raw flesh opening her legs wide and pushing her pussy forward.

I said,"You are really brave. That must have hurt awful. I would not have had
the courage to do it."

She smiled and said, "Yes it was awful but I deserve it."

That made me crious and I said,"What did you do to deserve it?"

"Oh I can't tell you. It is too shameful."

Rod said,"Tell them your shameful story."

She said,"I was raped by three men." then she sobbed and whined, "I liked it."

I said,"A lot of girls may have become excited by it. I might."

"That is what my shrink said but my church says no woman should enjoy sex except
in the sanctity of marriage. I know the church is right and no man would ever
marry a slut like me."

Rod said, "Tell the story in detail so they will know what a slut you are."

She sobbed but said,"I was fifteen and a virgin. I had gone to a movie with two
girlfriends but they lived closer to the theatre than I did so I ended up alone.
In spite of my mother's warning I took a shortcut across the park. Suddenly I
was grabbed from behind and a big dirty hand was against my mouth and a man
said,"Bitch if you make a sound I will cut your throat. Two other men came to me
and held my arms while the other man cut off all my clothes with his knife. When
I was naked they pushed me down on the grass on my back and two of them held me
while the third jammed his penis in me. It hurt awful when he ripped my hymen.
When he was through he helped hold me while the second man raped me.That didn't
hurt except for the way he squeezed my breasts and nipples.Then it became
shameful. I began to like it and on the third man they didn't have to hold me. I
began having orgasms although then I didn't know what an orgasm was because I
had never even masturbated. When he was through one of the men pulled me up on
my knees and the first man said,"Suck my dick so I can get hard to fuck you
again." I tried to tell myself I had no choice but I wanted him to get hard
again and sucked his slimy dick with his cum and my juices on it. When he got
hard he pushed me down on my hands and knees and fucked me from behind while
another man grabbed my chin to push his dick into my mouth. The man fucking me
forced me forward to jam the other guy's dick into my throat making me gag. When
they came they took out their dicks to cover my butt and face with cum. Then
they scraped their cum off my body and face with my fingers and fed it to me.
They sat on the grass and laughed while the third man had me kneel to lick his
balls and asshole then suck his cock ntil his cum flooded my mouth. I swallowed
it! The two men got up and the first man said,"You loved this. You are nothing
but a slut. This is how we treat sluts." He and the other men peed on my face
and hair. They were right! I deserved that and looked up and opened my mouth to
let their foul pee go into my mouth. They just walked off laughing while I knelt
there stinking and crying knowing what a slut I was. I wrapped the remnants of
my clothes around me and went home. My parents had gone to bed so I just
showered and went to bed. I never told anyone until I began having nightmares,
but they weren't really nightmares because I woke up excited from the dream of
being raped and used. "

I said.Wow that is some story but they must have had their pants around their
ankles. Why didn't you run away."

She sobbed and said,"That is the awful part. I knew there was a restaurant less
than a block away I could have beat them there easily but I didn't, so now you
know what a slut I am."

end part five




                     BUFFY PART 6

Rod said, "Are you uncomfortable being naked while the rest of us are fully
clothed?"

"Oh yes being the only one naked makes me feel even more naked and humiliated
especially with women seeing me this way."

"All right you may undress Buffy so you won't be alone."

She smiled and said,"Oh thank you."

She came to me and began unbuttoning my blouse.It seemed strange to have a woman
strip me. When my blouse was off she said,"Oh you are a big girl. Your breasts
are bigger than mine. Boys must love them."

I just nodded feeling embarrassed to have her take off my clothes. She reached
around me to unbutton and unzip my skirt. Her breasts touched my stomach and the
nipples felt hot.

When the skirt was pulled over my buns and dropped to the floor she reached
around me again to undo my bra. Again I felt her nude warm breasts on me and it
made me feel strange.

When the bra was off she looked at me and said, "You have lovely breasts you
probably don't mind showing them off."

I said,"I feel weird I have never showed them to a strange woman."

She reached for my panties and Rod said, "Naturally when Buffy is naked you will
have to lick her pussy until she has an orgasm."

She let go of my panties as if they had burned her and exclaimed, "No. Never.
Homosexual acts are a sin. I will never lick her dirty pussy!"

I said indignantly,"It is not dirty! I wash it every day."

Rod smiled and said,"Ahh you have hurt Buffy's feelings. She will have to punish
you if you don't get on your knees and lick her now."

She looked at me with disgust and said,"Never!"

The crack about my dirty pussy had bothered me but the look of disgust really
pissed me off. I wanted to punish her.

Rod said,"Go to her goody bag and pick out some things."

He had already worked over her ass so I thought I would try to do something
different. I went to the bag and got a couple of big spring clamps. she looked
at me apprehensively as I went to her and gave a little sob. It took almost all
my strength to open the clamps. I put them over her nipples and slowly released
thrm. I knew they really had to hurt but she just gave a little gasp and closed
her eyes while her nipples went flat under the strong clamp. I said, "Are you
ready to lick me now?"

She shook her head so  went back to the bag and gathered up all the six ounce
lead weight that had hooks to go on the wire rings on the clamps. I put them on
the clamps one at a time watching her reaction but all she did was gasp as the
nipples stretched. Finally I ran out of weights.She had two pounds on each
breast which stretched the nipples to the max and flattened her normally nice
round tits into those of an old lady. Again I asked if she was ready to lick me
but again she just sobbed and shook her head.

I went back to he stuff and saw a couple of really nasty clamps with teeth on
them. I kicked her ankles to make her spread her legs and put the clamps on each
pussy lip. This made tears come to her eyes so I asked again if she was ready to
lick me.She just moaned,"Nooo."

I looked at Rod and said,"She is really tough. Should I take the weights off her
nipples and put them on the pussy?"

He said,"No. That is what the bucket is for. Hook it to the pussy clamps and
fill it with water until she gives in."

I hooked it up then filled a couple of big pans with water. I poured the water
into the bucket about a cup at a time. A look of agony came on her face and she
began to whimper after about a gallon was put in the bucket. I could see why.
Her pussy lips stretched further than I thought possible and the weight was
making the teeth bite harder.She began a steady whine as I added water. Finally
just before it was full the teeth broke through the skin.She must have felt it
as she really began to cry. I looked at her in amazement. Her pussy lips were
streched nearly half way down her thighs and blood was oozing from the teeth.
Even without me asking she started shaking her head and moaned"No." over and
over.

"Rod said, "She is even tougher than I thought. Take the biggest wood dowel and
hit her tits to make the weights move."

I guess I should have felt sorry for her but I was determined to make her give
in.  I got the dowel and hit her just above the stretched nipples. The first
blow made her scream and jerk but I guess she discoverd moving made everything
worse so to my disbelief she stood there quietly as I beat her tits until they
were marroon. When that didn't work I hit her pussy as hard as I could.

That did it. The clamps made a jagged tear in her pussy lips and she
screamed,"I'll do it.I'll do it!"

I unhooked the bucket and took off the clamps. While I was taking the weights
and clamps off her nipples Rod took a handful of styptic powder and slapped it
on her pussy lips. She jerked away from me with a few wights still on her
nipples and began dancing around the room fanning her pusy with her hand while
she screamed,"t burns. It burns!"

Later she told me the powder had burned even more than the cigarettes.

When she calmed down Rod told her to crawl to me on her belly and beg me to let
her suck and lick my pussy. She laid down on he floor and began dragging herself
to me. I knew our wool rug had to be scratching her sore nipples and stomach but
she didn't complain. When she got to me she kissed my feet and said,"May I
please lick your pussy?"

I teased her by saying,"Oh I don't know. It may be more exciting to torture
you."

She looked alarmed and whiined,"Please let me lick you. I promise I will make
you cum."

I grinned at Rod and said,"Oh alright."

She began kissing and licking up my thighs then my stomach and on up to my
breasts. She began sucking my nipple and when she left it to go to the other one
I saw it was hard and long not unlike the way her nipples had become from the
pull. It felt great and I was almost disappointed when she left them to kiss
down my stomach again. She put both hands on the waist of my panties to pull it
down just a little to lick and kiss the area she had made bare. My panties
slowly went down as she kissed and sucked creating a lot of excitement. Then the
panties were below my pussy and she licked the whole length of the slit to let
her tongue swirl around my anus then back up the slit. her tongue moved
constantly  licking and stabbing it into me as she got to my clit where her
tongue swirled around it and her lips closed on it to suck. Nothing had ever
felt so wonderful I said excitedly,"Oh Mom you have to try this."

Rod said,"She has given in now.She will eat Joan, and your Dad and me."

I was so excited my juices were flooding her face but she just looked up at me
and said,"Am I doing this right?"

I said,"Oh God yes. I never want you to stop."

Then orgasms began coming and I became so weak I moaned, "Enough."

She went to Mom and began taking off her clothes again kissing and licking skin
as it was bared. She sucked Mom's nipples out to look like little thumbs. Mom
stated panting as her panties slowly went down. When Lisa's tongue went into her
slit Mom moaned, "Oh yes."

Tremors ran through her body. Rod came over to me to watch. I wanted him to know
how wonderful a mouth and tongue could be so I knelt to undo his pants and tried
to use my tongue and lips on his dick like Lisa had done on my pussy. He began
moaning and making faces I looked up at him smiling knowing how much pleasure I
was giving him. I recognized the little noise he made and clutched his ass
cheeks to pull him deeper into my mouth just as it began to pump his cum. I
sucked and swallowed until it stopped and began to go soft. I took it out of my
mouth to wrap my hand around it to milk the last few drops onto the end of my
tongue tasting the sweetness.

Rod smiled and said,"You have developed a real desire for cum. Haven't you?"

"Yes it is kind of slimy but it tastes good and I love the pleasure it gives
you."

By then Lisa had finished with Mom. Mom laid out on the couch obviously
exhausted but smiling while she idly played with her pussy.

Lisa was in the process of stripping Dad. She had removed his shoes and socks to
kiss his feet and had his shirt open to lick and suck on his nipples. He was
obviously enjoying the attention. She undid his pants and let them drop to the
floor. She looked at his big dick and said,"Oh it is so big and thick."

She licked the head lovingly then put it in her mouth and slowly took it in
deep. Even though she gagged and choked she managed to get it down her throat so
far her nose was buried in his pubic hair. I saw her throat moving and thought
she was choking but Dad moaned, "Oh God. She is swallowing. It feels wonderful!"

I tried that later. when you swallow your throat muscles tighten on the dick
which seems to give the guy a lot of pleasure.

While she sucked Dad I asked, " When is she punished ebough to get pleasure?"

"She has one more ordeal which is unique. I had never seen it before and I am
sure you haven't.It was all her idea."

She finished Dad and came to Rod but he said,"Never mind. Buffy satisfied me."

I felt really proud that I had done so well he didn't need her but she looked
disappointed. She said,"Are tou going to throw darts at me?"

Rod explained, "She stands with her hands over her face to protect her eyes then
darts are thrown. Each place hit receives six lashes but you have seen her
lashed. No Lisa. It is time for you to get pregnant."

She cringed and whined,"Please no. The last time my stomach hurt for days."

"Rod said,"If you dodn't want it you wouldn't have brought the equipment. Now go
put water in the bath tub."

She sniffled but went to our bathroom. Rod went over and picked up the rubber
balloon that was pleated. He said,"This is used by divers to bring up treasure
from the ocean bottom when they fill it with air from their air tank. As you can
see it folds up to a cylinder about three inches wide and a foot long but when
filled it makes about a two foot balloon. Beong rubber and fairly soft it has to
be coated with vaseline to get it all in her cunt. Once in and filled you will
be amazed at her likeness to a very pregnant woman."

I greased up the balloon and Rod picked up the pump, a white rubber ball and the
biggest dowel. When we went to the bathroom she was lying on her back with her
feet in the tub and her head and shoulders on the floor. Her knees were wide
apart and she had three fingers of each hand in her pussy evidentally trying to
loosen it for the ballon.

Rod slid the big dowel into the neck of the ballon and said, "Buffy and Joan.
Put three fingers in her pussy and pull it open. We did but he said,"More. You
will know it is enough when she cries."

We pulled it open so far we could have put our fists in there and she began to
whimper. Rod put the end of the ballon into her pussy and began to push it in
with the dowel. When it was in about two thirds of the way she began
pleading,"No more.' but Rod ignored her and kept driving it in until just the
neck was outside. I guessed it must be pushing on her stomach.

Rod stuck the hose from the bilge pump into the neck and wrapped string around
it to hold it in place. He began raising and lowering the handle on the pump to
suck water out of the tub. I saw her tummy begin to swell. She didn't complain
at first but as it got bigger she moaned and twisted from side to side.The skin
on her stomach got real tight and I noticed stretch marks evidentally from a
prior session.

Rod said,"Feel her stomach. It should be tight as a drum."

I felt it. It was stretched so tight I couldn't pinch the skin.

He twisted the neck and told me to hold it then took out the hose and jammed the
rubber ball into the neck. He said I could let go and when I did water went to
the ball and stopped. He pushed the ball and neck into her pussy then pulled her
legs out of the tub and helped her up. It ws amazing she looked as if she was
nine months pregnant

He led her out to the front room and had her kneel. She had to spread her legs
to make room for for her stomach.

He said,"Now we will complete the illusion."

She moaned,"Oh God."

He went to her purse and came back with the hugest hypodermic needle and syringe
I had ever seen and a couple of bags of sterile saline solution. He said the
effect is temporary since her body will absorb the solution but for a day or two
she will be a Playboy Bunny."

He had me hold a bag of solution then he stuck the needle through the top of it
and sucked the solution into the syringe. He told her to hold her breast in both
hands then he drove the needle into her nipple.Her eyes went wide and her mouth
opened in a silent scream. He pressed the plunger to put in the solution then
did the other breast then back to the first until both had six injections. He
slapped her breast with the backs of his fingers really hard but it was so tight
it barely jiggled. Her scream let us know it was super sensitive.

He had her get up and parade for us. Her 34 C tits wee now nearly a double D and
her tits and tummy were so tight they barely jiggled even when he had her trot
for us.

She became almost used to it and watched herself in the mirror.

Then Rod said,"It is time to abort the baby."

She began to cry and whimpered "No. Please no. Just let the water out."

"You know that would not be interesting. You know what to do."

She went out the door sobbing with tears rolling down her cheeks. I wondered
what our neighbors may think if they saw a naked hugely pregnant woman walking
around out there.

Rod said,"This gets rather messy. Is there a floor drain in te basent?"

Dad said,"Yes right in the middle."

"Good lets go down and have a look. Buffy when she comes back bring her down to
the basement."

She came in in a few moments carrying a coil of rope, leather wrist cuffs with a
chain between them and a softball bat.

We took her downstairs.Our basement is unfinished you can see the floor
stringers with two by fours in an X shape bracing them.

Rod said,"This place is ideal." He took the coil of rope from her and fed it
over one of the Xs. She held out her hands sobbing again for him to buckle them
on her wrists. he tied the end of the rope to the chain between the cuffs nd Dad
began pulling on the end of the rope raising her arms then lifting her up on her
toes.

Rod went to her and said,"I hope you have an easy abortion."

She sniffled,"You know I won't."

He stepped back and hit her belly hard in the roundest place which was at her
belly-button, She screamed in agony and the neck and ball flipped out of her
pussy. He hit again but this must have knocked the wind out of her because she
just gurgled. Now I saw how this worked. At each hit the ball slid futher out on
the sixth especially ferocious hit the ball shot out followed by the water. Her
tummy went flat but the skin had been stretched so much it didn't all shrink
back to normal leaving folds.

Rod released her and she collapsed in his arms. He said,"You have earned
pleasure haven't you?"

She moaned,"Oh yes."

We helped her upstairs and sat her on the couch then Mom pulled the balloon out
of her. I was surprised it was not bloody.

She had amazing recuperative power. After a few drinks she was redy for sex. A
lot of it. The guys fucked her ass and pussy at the same time. She had me lick
her pussy while she sucked Dads dick. When he got hard she had him fuck her ass
while she sucked Rod. When he came Rod was hard so she had him fuck her pussy
while she had Mom and me suck and bite her nipples.when the guys could not get
hard she had me lick her pussy and Mom lick her anus.

She had finally cum enough to satisfy her. She began putting on her clothes
except for the bra that was now much too small and in spite of wht we had put
her through she thanked us for the wonderful party.

We just nodded speechless as she smiled and filled her goody bag to drag it out
to her car.

I said,"God how can she take all that pain and still be mobile."

"Rod said,"She couldn't at first. Someday you will be able to accept as much."

That frightens me. Maybe I should break off this relationship if I can.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





