BDSM Library - The Party




The Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: To spice up their sex life, the wife went out for her sex adventure. After one year, they held a party and invite all her new boyfriends over for an exciting day.
The Party
by Golffdude45@aol.com


	Wendy, my wife, was beautiful... auburn hair that glistened with the
slightest of red in the sunlight; eyes, brown eyes, deep dark brown pools; and
the most perfect breasts, round, firm, large with nipple the size of your little
finger.  The areolas were dark and well defined.  They sat proudly outward, away
from her chest.  Her hips were set well apart giving her a rounded hour glass
shape to her figure.  And how I liked to make love to her, warm and tender, soft
and slow. It felt so good to be inside her beautiful body.  But she needed to
learn to fuck...

	You know, the lusty passionate, I just gotta have something in my pussy kind
of feeling?  The shear pleasure of sex, the sensations, flaming carnal desire to
have her pussy filled 'now', and to play, to have fun with her sex, and our sex. 
She needed to find those other parts of her own sexuality. 

	I learned early in life that saying yes is often much harder than saying no. 
Everyone says no.  There is security and safety in no.  No one sees, no one
judges, no one expects anything... least of all your own self.  So no is easy,
safe... but yes.  Well, yes means you are at risk.  Does he like me?  Am I
enough?  Is my sexuality polished and good enough?  Do I turn him on?  A
thousand questions arise from yes.  You are at risk... and that too can be the
passion of it.

	We talked at length about the risks, and the benefits.  And the real
problems involved in opening a marriage to others.  Jealousy, insecurities,
worries... new loves and lovers bring a threat to the union.  There was a lot to
be considered, talked about.

	In the end, she was truly in favor of monogamy... I in favor of
explorations, growth... and the risk of expanding of her sexual horizons.  We
would not be young forever, and well it is just easier to be attractive in youth
though truly not wholly confined to youth.   The side benefit was that while at
risk, she was going the get the sexual 'adventures'.

	We set an add with one of the many Alternative Lifestyle net groups.  The
e-mails began to appear.  And why not?  A pretty woman seeking a little on the
side, a good fucking, is going to attract men, lots of men, all kinds of men...
good and not so good.

	We interviewed for months narrowing down the candidates to six.  Then Wendy
began to date them one by one.  A dinner date once a week, and a good fucking at
the local no tell motel.  She saw each one.  Two failed to please her, so we
dropped them and added two more from the interview list.

	That first date was well an invent, an unwelcome difficult event.  Wendy was
really upset.  She was not promiscuous, not a slut.  I found myself fighting a
battle with raging jealousy.  I wanted to put an end to it before anything
happened, before she did anything with another man, but if I did and after we
had gone this far, well, I would not get another chance.  I fought thru my
demons.  She dressed for the night.

	We had gotten her a new sensual wardrobe, not slutty, but truly provocative. 
We bught a dark lavender simple 'A' line skirt to just above the knee.  We split
both sides from hem to waist then re-sewed it with leather strips weaving across
the side seams.  At Victoria Secrets we found a soft shiny pastel wonder bra in
a color to match her skirt.  Wendy did not need any help with size or shape,
though the 'wonder bra' lifting upward and pushing together brought a cleavage
of exception definition.  The blouse was a low scooped neck sweater, lavender in
a pastel, revealing what the wonder bra had helped to define so very well.  I
shaved her pubic hairs to a thin line about a finger wide and three tiny finger
tall.  Then I gave her a full body moisturizing massage.  With sheer to the
waist panty hose the 'X' weave at the side seams of her 'A' line skirt announce
that absence of panties beneath.

	A brush thru her soft hair... Wendy was stunningly beautiful... and very
appealing.  I wanted her... now, this instant.  But tonight she was not mine to
have. Such began the envy and agony and jealousy of Wendy's nights out. 

	I walked her to the car door closing it behind her.  It was six-thirty. 
Mid-night came and went.  I was nuts!!!  The door creaked open at about
one-thirty.  My heart stopped dead in mid beat.

	"Hi.  You okay?... did you?..."  The sparkle in her eye was enough to answer
that question.

	"Oh yes."  And that was that.  She had fucked with another man, the first
since we were married ten years ago.  My heart sank like a rock, then began to
race wildly.  I had the hardest erection I had felt in years.  She smiled at my
tell-tale bulge.

	"Glad to see me?  None for you tonight tho... like we agreed."  With that
she got ready for bed.

	Morning's first light brought me to attention.  I wanted my wife.  She lay
still... asleep, peaceful.  I could not disturb her sleep.  I lusted.  I waited. 
I wanted.  I watched.  I waited.  In time, what felt like half of the day, she
turned over and smiled.  What a beautiful smile.  She cuddled up close.  It felt
so good to have her next to me, dozing quietly her head upon my chest.  I
stroked her hair enjoying her presences.  She moved....

	Her hand found my groin, my erection raging hard since morning's light.  It
felt good gliding softly across my manhood.  I lay quiet enjoying the attention
stroking her hair as her head lay upon my chest.

	"It's good to be here."  She whispered softly.

	"Yes."  I embraced her shoulders holding her closely.

	"I was so angry with you as I drove away.  I wanted you to call me back, put
an end to this..."  I listened as she spoke those very things of my own heart in
the stillness.

	"I was scared to death at dinner.  Gregg was nice enough, and with different
circumstance I really could have enjoyed his company.  But I knew why he was
there..."  She paused, "and why I was there."

	"After awhile we left.  I followed him to the Regents.  He was a gentleman
and all... I was uncomfortable when we kissed... then as he caressed my
breasts...  I guess nature took over sometime after that.  I mean... he had me
naked shortly after... and I... never gave so much as a thought to... us, to
you...  I just felt such a nasty drive to get fucked."  She looked at me for
understanding.  I smiled.

	"I can understand... I think.  I'm okay...  I mean I wouldn't expect you to
be thinking of me and... fucking Gregg."  That seemed to alleviate her concerns. 
"And you did?..."

	"Oh, yes."  She smiled.  A sparkle gleamed in her eye.  "Several times." 
Wendy slipped a knee over my waist sitting slowly upon my throbbing manhood. 
She felt soooo good.  "And now I'm gonna take good care of my man."  She closed
her eyes as she began to slowly work her pussy over my cock.  I thought my mind
was going to collapse as she closed her Keagle muscle firmly over me milking,
stroking, loving me...

	Those first visits with each prospect took another month or two.  In the end
Wendy was seeing several men a week and fucking almost every night, if not me
then one of her new 'friends'.  I did not get anything on her nights out, but
did we make up for it the morning after... and the night after... and in
between.

	 We started a collection of sorts, you know, like tossing your pocket change
into a jar.  With a sharp felt tip a date was written on the flat back of a
pancake glass bead, one color for Gregg, another for John and so on... these
were tossed into a crystal vase kept by the door.  After the first few months
there were enough beads to hold up one small silk flower.  After a year bouquet
of silk roses sat proudly upon a pedestal next to the entry door.  No one knew
but Wendy and I from whence the beads came of the variety of colors
accumulating.  The vase grew each passing week.

	So it had begun...it has been a year since then... and tonight was the first
anniversary of her coming out, an annual 'Coming Out' party...

	All six of her new boy friends had been invited and accepted.  I was the
bartender, to butler, the attendant... I was cuckold for the night.  I would
watch her be the carnal passionate woman we had sought to cultivate a year ago,
with no gratification for me.  I was to attend to the other guests of the party
and to her.  But I would own Monday night!!!   No football for me.  I was gonna
get right down and nasty with the woman I loved.

	

	We rented a suite for the weekend, bar, kitchenette, living room, etc.   The
guests began arriving around noon Saturday.  There was nothing particularly
special about those early arrivals, mostly a just getting together,
introductions, conversation, a few drinks.  At first it felt a bit strained,
awkward for each one.  Everyone knew they were not alone, and that Wendy was
married.  No one had met me, and I even no I remained anonymous to them.  I was
the butler, bartender coming and going without much notice.  By two-thirty all
six of the invitee-s had arrived. 

	I guess it was the most awkward for Wendy.  She had been intimate with each
of these men... and I her husband.  She was most devoted to me and I to her.  It
was difficult at first putting faces to the names that had been filling the vase
in our entry, but that was my demon to deal with.  As the afternoon wore on
things became more relaxed, familiarities and alcohol.  A few of her lovers 
found common interests upon which to converse and such... Wendy flitted,
flirted, and mingled about.

	We had decided to begin 'Party Favors' around three.  As three o'clock
approached Wendy acted busier, nervous.  She knew where events were bound.  None
of her guest had a clue beyond the party itself.  Wendy made the rounds with two
bowls.  Into the first she had each guest deposit their name, and from the
second she had each draw a number.  At the end of the room we had placed and
game board upon a table.  The squares were covered by numbers, three across and
two down.

	At three o'clock she drew a breath, turned the music off and called the room
to order.

	"Gentlemen..."  She spoke loudly enough to be heard.  "Let us begin the
party favors."  She handed the bowl to me.  "Draw please."  I drew a slip of
paper and handed it to her.

	"Dave."  She called the name on the paper.  In front of him she placed
another bowl.  He withdrew a paper.  Slowly he opened it.  Then read it aloud
for everyone to hear.

	"Panties." 

	"You may remove my panties, please."  The guys applauded.  Dave yelped with
delight.  We had set her wardrobe so that there were six pieces: blouse, bra,
hose, garter belt, thong panties, and a suede skirt.  Wendy came over to him. 
He reached for her immediately, lifting her skirt.  She handed him a pair of
scissors.  Dave clipped the sides of her thong panties pulling them free.  He
promptly whirled them about his head like the prize college panty raid. 

	"And your number?"  Wendy asked as she smoothed her skirt into place.

	"Four."  Dave said with some excitement not at all knowing what that could
mean.  Wendy revealed the game board pealing the number four off of its square.

	BLOWJOB.  Was clearly printed beneath Dave's number.  There arose another
cheer from the group.

	"Every fifteen minutes we will repeat our game."  And with that Wendy fell
to her knees before Dave and began to unzip his fly.  Within another few minutes
Dave fell collapsed into an easy chair enjoying the blowjob of his life... Wendy
was very very good!  Dave came well before the next time allotment.  Wendy
excused herself going to the restroom to re-compose and freshen up a bit.

	Upon the passing of the clock, she called the room to order.  Silence,
interest peaked, the anticipation was delightful.  She held the whole of the
room in her hand.  I drew a name, Jake.  He drew her blouse, and the number six. 
For his prize he got to suck her breasts and diddle her nipples for the next
fifteen minutes.  They sat kissing, him diddling and sucking.  Her moaning,
becoming more aroused.

	 I was going crazy, first with jealousy then with lust, knowing that I was
to be cuckold for whole of the party.  I went about my job in silence, barely in
control of the emotions screaming about inside of me. 

	Time...  Tom... skirt... three... finger-fucking...  Time... Rod... bra...
one... lap dance...  Time... Don... hose... five... ass fucking...  Time...
Scott... garters... two... and the of the prizes, to fuck Wendy's hot wet pussy. 

	Wendy left the door open for Scott.  He swung it closed behind as he
followed Wendy into the bedroom... one king size bed.  We had removed the
blankets and sheets.  The door stopped a jar.  I could see the bed from my
station behind the counter.  That was certainly not intended.  Wendy did not
want 'me' as a spectator.  I had to insist on my position as butler/ bar-keep
for the party.

	Thru the crack in the door I could see Wendy, naked as the day she was born. 
Her labia swollen with lusty desires.  She lay Scott upon the bed.  His manhood
was impressive even to me.  Wendy crawled up next to him, stepped her leg across 
perching herself intensely upon Scott's loins.  Slowly she began rocking about. 
Scott held both of her wondrous tits in his hands matching his motions to hers. 
Scott's face tensed as Wendy began to moan.

	"Oh, yes..."  Wendy gurgled in lusty passion.  "Yes, fuck my pussy."  Scott
was doing just exactly that.  Wendy paused.  Her tummy tightened.  She began to
cum.  She continued vocalizing her need for a good, really good fucking.  Her
voice was being heard by the others.  There were comments, slurs,
conversations... and pacing about. 

	Finally Tom had waited long enough.  He entered just as Wendy rolled off of
Scott.  Tom entered Wendy immediately.  She seemed a bit surprised at first, but
caught the rhythm in the next passing second.  The 'party' had taken a new
though expected turn...

	It was nearly five PM Saturday night, just as we had planned it.  And as I
had hoped from the inception of the party, recovery and activity for six
thirty-something studs left barely momentary respites for Wendy.  For nearly
three hours she had a cock in/or about her somewhere, and sometimes two or more.

	I was numb by five-thirty.  My emotions completely depleted all that
remained was the unsatisfied throbbing in my own pants.  I wanted her more than
I can ever remember... and not being able to participate made me want her all
the more.

	Her lovers, spent and satisfied began to falter attentions.  Resting,
visiting... and in the end giving Wendy a much needed respite.

	Around seven PM dinner was served.  Pizza Hut Delivery.  Wendy showered
donning a silky robe.  She did not eat.  But she did sit, mostly in silence
enjoying the sagging interests in sex.  After dinner a few, Gregg, Rod, and
Scott took their leave of the party. 

	At ten-thirty Dave was burying his invigorated cock in Wendy's pussy.  Those
lovers remaining got and gave a renewed.  Wendy took it all.  Somewhere in the
early morning her guest exhausted and spent... sleeping on the couch, the chair,
and in the bed Wendy fell into an exhausted deep sleep.  Wendy slept most the
early morning before Don began fondling her breasts.  All left after a very good
mornings fuck.

	Wendy fell asleep in a hot tub.  I cleaned up and remade the bed.  We do not
speak of events from the party.  I am not allow.  I was to wait upon the
Mistress and her guests.  This I did quietly.

	 Noon Sunday saw the end of our first annual 'Coming Out Party'.  We had
rented the suit thru Sunday night... Wendy slept... and slept... and slept...  I
lay quietly next to her reflecting in the silence on events to date...
wanting... lusting... waiting... 'not sleeping' next to my wife... waiting for
Monday, my turn to make lover to her... to feel her passions for myself.


Comments are always welcome @ Golffdude45@AOL.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Golffdude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





