BDSM Library - Toilet Trained




Toilet Trained
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Poor college girl looking to make big money on the weekends, answers an ad that leads to her abuse and ultimate slavery. After giving her a mickey, which knocks her out cold, she is stripped, bound placed inbetween 2 walls in a self-contained room with monitors. 2 large dildos are forced into her ass and cunt, a clital stimulator is attached to her clit, a waste pipe from a toilet, on the other side of the wall is forced deep into her mouth and  she is tied up in such a way that she can't get it out. Her nipples are clipped to a board that moves  away from her whenever someone on the other side flushes the toilet, thus making the clips bite into her nipples harder and yank them away from her body. Later she is auctioned off to the highest bidder.
                  Toilet Trained


******************************************************
WARNING:
This story is fiction, and should be treated as such.
The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY,
and contains descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are not an
adult, or reading sex stories upset you, DO NOT read any further.
If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read it.

This is a copyrighted work.    Copyright 2001 by Ted E. Bear
Reposting or any other use of it is strictly prohibited without the
express, written permission of the copyright holder, except that it
may be posted as part of a  review or posted to a free-access,
noncommercial archive sites.

DISCLAIMER:
All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone either
alive or dead is purely coincidental.

Please!        Give me your comments!

Email to "Ted E. Bear" tedebear690@yahoo.com
******************************************************

Note: For those who have read my other works, they are usually long.  
This is a short, quick, & dirty one.

Ted E. Bear
******************************************************


She had answered the ad for a maid as she needed the money for school. 
Monique was an eighteen year old student, living on campus.  She was a real
beautiful girl with a stereotypical cheerleader type body.  Her parents weren't
poor, but they weren't rich either and there were three other children to take
care of.  While they were able to send her to college, that is pay for her
tuition books and dorm room, she would have to fend for herself for all of her
other expenses.  While she could have gotten a part time job at Walmart or
any of a dozen different restaurants, she looked around for a job that would
pay more, meaning that the rest of her time would be free.  The ad had
promised $200 for Friday after school until Sunday noon.

She arrived at the address given to her at three o'clock, the appointed time. 
A huge black butler opened the door and showed her to the library, where he
told her to take a seat and that Mr. Wadsworth would be with her shortly. 
The room was filled with exquisite built-in mahogany book cases on every
inch of wall available and every shelf was full of leather bound books.  The
only furniture in the room was an antique oak desk, a matching credenza and
three chairs, one behind the desk and two in front of it, one of which
Monique was sitting in.

Mr. Wadsworth arrived shortly with a scantily dressed girl, about the same
age Monique guessed.  The girl was wearing a French maid's uniform, except
it was cut in such a way to show off a lot of the girl's skin.  The skirt was so
short that as she moved in the outfit, Monique could see that she wasn't
wearing any panties and had shaved her pussy.  The top was cut so low that it
barely covered the girls obviously erect nipples and Monique assumed that if
she bent forward far enough or moved to quickly that both of her large
breasts would pop out of the dress.  She was now truly scared and considered
leaving right then and there.

"Shelly, this is Monique.  Monique Shelly.  Shelly goes to the same school as
you do, that's why I asked her to come in here with me.  Before you say
anything, please hear me out."

When Monique nodded her head he continued.  "I am filthy rich and
somewhat eccentric.  I like pretty young things like you running around my
house cleaning things up dressed as you see Shelly here.  Shelly, have I ever
put a hand on your pussy or your breasts or in any other way touched you
inappropriately?"

"No sir." the girl replied.

"Have I ever stood behind you and starred while you are bent over?" he
asked.

"Many times, sir." she replied.

"Have I ever intentionally dropped something and asked you to pick it up."
he asked

"Yes sir, many times." she replied.

"Have I made you move in such a way that your breasts have fallen out of
your dress?" he asked.

"Yes sir, many times." she replied.

"But in spite of my seeing your most intimate of places, are you sure that I've
never touched you inappropriately?" he asked.

"Definitely sir.  I think that I would know if you had touched me, wouldn't
I?" she replied.

"Now Monique.  The only requirements that I have, is that you wear a dress
like Shelly's and of course you will have to shave your crotch like Shelly's. 
I'll answer any questions and you can ask Shelly any questions that you like."
he said.

"You're fucking nuts." Monique said.

"No my dear, when you've got as much money as I have, you're eccentric,
not nuts." he replied with a chuckle at his little pun.

After half an hour of talking with Mr. Wadsworth and Shelly, even though
she didn't like the idea of flashing her pussy and tits, she agreed to take the
job.  What she didn't know was that while Shelly was really a student at her
school and did in fact now work for Mr. Wadsworth, he had hired her away
from an escort agency that she was turning tricks for in order to make ends
meet.  He had promised her tuition, room and board if she would be his maid,
for show, and sleep with him every night, allowing him unlimited access to
any of her orifices.  So essentially, she had lied to Monique through her teeth.

Shelly took Monique upstairs and showed her the room she would use on
Friday and Saturday nights and then took her to the bathroom and helped her
shave her pussy bare.  Once her pussy was shaved, she gave her a uniform,
stockings, garter belt and four inch high heeled shoes, then she left, so
Monique could change.

When Monique was dressed she came down stairs to help Shelly as there was
to be a party later that evening.  Around six Mr. Wadsworth, and all of his
staff, gathered around the kitchen table for a quick bite to eat.  The butler was
getting everyone drinks and Monique put her order in for a coke.  The butler
spiked it with a quick acting knock out drug.  They weren't even through
eating when Monique passed out, her face falling right into her plate.  The
butler and chauffeur picked her up and placed her on a table, then proceeded
to strip her naked.

They placed a collar around her neck a cuffs on her wrists, thighs, and calves. 
They connected a short chain between her thigh and calve cuffs so that she
couldn't straighten her legs out.  Next they took what looked like a rubber
band and pulled it over her breasts, and pushing them down to the very base
of each breast.  This caused her big tits to balloon out and immediately start
to turn pink, due to the vast restriction of her blood flow on them.  Then,
using an ice cube they made her nipples become fully erect and attached
alligator clips to each erect nipple.  Each alligator clip had a length of high
test fishing line attached to it.

They then carried her to a small compartment between two walls of the
house.  They placed her on her knees. Next they pulled her legs wide apart
and with two more short chains, attached them to her calf cuffs forcing her to
keep her legs spread wide apart.   They then cranked forward two twelve inch
dildos until both were deeply seated inside of her cunt and ass.  The one in
her cunt was covered with little rubber triangles while the one going into her
ass had evenly spaced ridges up and down the entire length of the shaft.  

Then they secured her wrist cuffs behind her back with a short chain attached
to a bolt in the wall behind and above her.  This forced her to bend forward. 
They opened her mouth, and forced the open end of a plumbing pipe into her
mouth and then fastened a chain, attached to a bolt underneath the pipe to a
ring on the front of her collar.  Now she could not pull her mouth off of the
pipe.  They attached the fishing line, which was attached to her nipple clips to
a hinged board on the floor, stretching her nipples out from her breasts and
even pulled her breasts forward some.  Last, but certainly not least her clit
was irritated until it too became erect and a little tube was slipped over it. 
The tube had two functions.  First would suck her clit then release it and then
suck it back in again as if it were milking a cow's teat.  It was also was an
electrical stimulator, it was hooked to a generator that would shock her
sensitive little love button at exactly the right voltage and amperage to feel
really good yet, wouldn't hurt her.

She was now ready, but as the party wouldn't start for almost an hour and a
half, they left her just like that.  When it was time for the guests to arrive, the
two men returned, First they started the motor to which the dildos were
attached.  The dildos first oozed with a lubricant out of many tiny holes up
and down the entire length of each shaft and then slowly began pumping in
and out of her twin fuck holes in unison, still expelling the lubricant to ensure
the her holes were real slick, so that she would be stimulated without being
damaged inside.  The men then turned on a switch which suddenly made the
little compartment that she was bound inside of, as bright as day. Next they
gave Monique a shot in her ass, to counteract the knock out drug and bring
her around in exactly ten minutes. Just after they closed the door, which
hermetically sealed the hidden room off, they pressed another button, which
opened several sealed panels in the room's ceiling  which contained all sorts
of creepy crawly little bugs, none of which were poisonous, but would
definitely feel creepy to a person unable to move or get them off of her. 
About half of the bugs simply fell out of the containers, many falling right on
to Monique.  She was about to be the evenings entertainment.

Ten minutes later she awoke.  She knew something was wrong right away
and quickly realized that she was tied down with a pipe in her mouth and a
lot of icky bugs were crawling all over her.  As her eyes focused on the
mirror in front of her eyes she saw bugs and spiders crawling all over her,
even in her hair and on her face.  As she tried to pull back, a pain shot
through her chest, as the alligator clips bit in harsher and she was stretching
her nipples and breasts even more than they already were. The twin probes
inside of her, which had gone into a sleep mode once they had achieved the
desired slipperiness in both of her holes, now came back to life and were
pounding away at her two orifices. Monique screamed but it did no good.

That was the butler's and chauffeur's cue to pee into the urinal, to get things
started. Both let loose with torrents of urine into the urinal, on the other side
of the wall from where Monique was tied up, one at a time. She tasted the
foul, bitter fluid flowing into her mouth and gagged as it went down her
throat and into her stomach.  All of this was being broadcast from four
different angles to four thirty five inch TV screens in the living room for Mr.
Wadsworth's guests' enjoyment.  

One angle was a straight on face shot to catch her expressions.  Another was
a shot of her ass hole getting reamed from above that dildo and one of her
pussy getting stuffed from below the other dildo.  Those three were all
basically close up shots, the final camera was off to the side and captured her
from the tip of her nose to the tip of her toes.

When the men were through peeing, they had to press a pedal on the floor to
make the urinal flush.  It also made the hinged board on that Monique's
nipples were attached to come back up flat against the wall, making the
alligator clips bite into her sensitive nubbins even more cruelly and pulled
her nipples and tits so far out that she though her nipples would be pulled off
of her chest.

This had kept her mind off of her being doubly porked, but as soon as her
other tortures died down, she immediately noticed that something was
fucking both her ass and cunt, while something else was sucking voraciously
on her clit. Just at that very moment, the sucking on her clit sent her over the
edge, and she squealed, though muffled due to the thick pipe in her mouth, in
pleasure as her orgasm swept over her. For the next two minutes, she
couldn't realize anything that was happening to her, her orgasm was so
intense.

Since the two dildos had been buried inside of her for well over an hour,
closer to two hours now, she never felt the stretching pains of taking such
large dildos into her two tight orifices, her ass having been virginal before
this evening.  Although she felt stuffed with the two huge dildos, they were
really doing a number on her and she felt an orgasm approaching.  

Two ladies had not relieved themselves all day in anticipation of this
evenings entertainment and both were now standing at the urinal, their
panties off and taking aim at the large bowl designed for just such a purpose. 
As they let loose with torrents of their pee, Monique was being so well
fucked, and her clit stimulated, that she couldn't help but to cum.  She
screamed around the pipe in her mouth as her whole body shook from the
massive orgasm that she was having.  It was just as she began to scream in
joy, that her mouth filled with the foul tasting urine and she unconsciously
swallowed, her mind in no condition to react otherwise.

The dildos felt really good inside of her as they pumped her fast and hard. 
The one in her cunt was massaging her insides like no prick ever had done,
and the one fucking her ass was causing her sore sphincter to rapidly open
and shut as the ridges pushed through or were pulled back out of her most
intimate of holes.  The two dildos were also rubbing each other through  the
thin membrane that separated her two orifices, as they moved in and out of
her.  The dildos also had wetness sensors built in to them to ensure that her
holes were always well lubricated and when ever her pussy didn't produce
enough lubricant, the dildos oozed an artificial lubricant.

The "urinal" on the other side of the pipe was more like a big wash basin, and
as the evening progressed men and women started taking dumps into it
before washing it down the drain with their piss and whatever stayed in the
urinal was washed down by the pee of others who came in after them.  One
particularly vicious woman came in and didn't even have to use the facility. 
She came in just to pump on the flush pedal so as to set up a rhythm of
yanking on poor Monique's nipples just as she thought she'd be having
another orgasm.

Monique got sick to her stomach after the first hour and threw up the
contents of her stomach, everything came up in gut wrenching heave after gut
wrenching heave.  Although it exited her mouth and went through the pipe
back out to the urinal, gravity forced everything back down through the pipe
and she was forced to swallow the foul contents again and again. She quickly
wrenched everything back up and of course it all came back down again.  As
this vicious cycle began several men came in and added fresh urine to the
mixture.  In spite of her getting sick, the dildos and clital stimulator kept her
cuming with one orgasm after the other.

By the time midnight rolled around, she was totally exhausted.  Some sort of
gas filled her little room and the bugs began falling dead all around her.  A
vacuum came on sucking the deadly gas out of her quarters and filling the
room with fresh air.  Suddenly she realized that she wasn't being fucked any
more.  The butler and chauffeur came in and disengaged her from all of the
devices and carried her into the living room naked.  The only torments still
attached to her being the breast bands and the alligator clips on her nipples. 
They secured her wrists and ankles to a large, leather padded 'X'.

Mr. Wadsworth then said, "Well ladies and gentleman this is the star of
tonight's entertainment.  As you can see she doesn't look much the worse
after all the wear and tear on her.  She should make an excellent slave.  The
bidding for her will start at $50,000.  Do I hear $50,000?"

Once the bidding started it quickly escalated, ending with a final bid of
$350,000.  Her new owner was a big man, 6'10" and 300 pounds.  As was the
custom at these kinds of events. Monique's  new owner stripped out of his
clothes to reveal the body that she'd have to service. If she had thought that
the twelve inch dildos raping her over the past four hours were huge, they
looked puny compared to the prick that hung a third of the way down his long
leg.  Monique guessed that it had to be easily fifteen inches and it wasn't
even hard yet.

She was taken down and forced to deep throat him in front of all of Mr.
Wadsworth's guests.  When her new master was hard, she was made to get
on her elbows and knees, sticking her ass high into the air.  Her new master
aimed his cock at her now well reamed out ass. In one particularly vicious
thrust he impaled her with half of his now eighteen inch long cock, tearing a
scream of pain from her throat.  He didn't even wait for her to get acclimated
to his huge tool, pulling it back slightly before thrusting another five inches
into her guts and tearing another scream from her that sounded more like a
wounded animal instead of a human being.  With his next thrust he was
completely buried inside of her now throbbing anal cavity.

He began to saw his weapon in and out of her as fast as he could, although
only taking it half way out before jamming it all back into her.  Monique was
crying, tears rolling down her cheeks as her new master had his way with her. 
Thank goodness he didn't last too long in the hot, tight confines of her ass
and came in buckets then his prick quickly shriveled and fell out of her ass. 
This was all too much for her and she passed out.  The butler and chauffeur
helped the man load her into his van and she was taken back to his house to
live a life time as a submissive, sex-toy slave.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ted E. Bear


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





