BDSM Library - The Completion of a Circle - Dark Love 3




The Completion of a Circle - Dark Love 3
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dark Love 3 THE COMPLETION OF A CIRCLE.  The final book of the trilogy, takes one of the characters from book one and two and takes him from, pet to Chosen, to Childe. The trilogy deals with SM/BD/DS, a truly romantic tale, but one that also has rape, incest, slavery torture and snuff.THE COMPLETION OF A CIRCLE  
Dark Love - 3  
By: V.L. Marquette  
Lightly edited by; Ravyn  
 (Author's Note) Okay, this time I do believe I am going to get it all out
  first so I don't have to keep going back and repeating myself.  
*****NO ONE, and I do mean NO ONE.*****  Under
  the age of eighteen or who lives in area's where this sort of reading material
  is considered illegal should read ant farter.  
 Now having said that, if you are still with me, the material within these
  pages is Fiction. Thus saying, anything any resemblance too anything or anyone
  living or dead, or in the vampires case, Undead are purely coincidental. I
  mean let us all be real for just one moment. This is a vampire erotica, as
  in smut. True high-class smut, but it is smut nonetheless.  
 So, now that I have your complete and undivided attention, have fun.  
Vampire's and Mage's and Blood Bond's oh my.  
THE COMPLETION OF A CIRCLE 
Dark Love 3 
The Final Adventure of the Undead.(For Now)  
  
  
Prologue  
 David was as nervous as Christian as he prepared himself to see his Sire
  again. It had been over fifty years since last he had seen Sharra, though he
  had kept her abreast of each Childe he had sired, from Anna to Christian. And
  now, she would not only know about his Brood, but have the chance to see them
  as well. Also hanging over his head was the mistakes he had made with Joseph,
  would she take him to task for those? And well he knew the type of punishment
  his Sire was capable of putting him through. 
 * * * 
 Anna sat beside Christian, trying to calm him down. He was a nervous wreck.
  She felt for him. It must be difficult for him, knowing that he was to meet
  his Grand-Sire for the first time. She knew how nervous she had been about
  her first visit to Sharra. Christian had it easier this time than she had.
  He at least had David and her to hide behind if he needed to. When David had
  allowed Sharra to safeguard her passage from their space to hers through the
  Dark Paths, she had been alone. "Little brother, you are going to have to relax." She
  chided him. "You keep this up, and when she gets here she is going to think
  your Sire has been telling horror stories about her." 
 Christian looked down, shamefaced. "I don't mean to be like this, Lil, it's
  just that I never got to meet Kali. The whole idea of getting to meet my new
  Grand-Sire just blows my mind." 
 Anna chuckled and patted him on the arm. "Oh, she isn't that bad. I am betting
  money that you fall in love with her in the first five minutes." 
* * * 
 Morgan was none too thrilled with the prospect of being asked to stay, alone,
  in a house, full, of vampires that she didn't know. "Do I ' have',   to
  do this Master?" She wouldn't whine, she knew he expected better of her, but
  she did want him to understand that she was not real happy with this, just
  one more time. 
 "Yes, my sweet one, I have given my word. Unlike my two there," he pointed
  to where both Robyn and Torin sat watching them. "You are no Mage, Tori and
  Robyn both are strong enough now in their art to make several of the younger
  Kin frightened. And the older Kin might be tempted to make them theirs since
  Mages are so uncommon now. And I would rather not have that temptation added
  to an already tense situation. So it is you who I send to reassure Cerberus
  that no harm will befall the youngster that I am bringing here." 
 She sighed, shoulders slumping. She knew that tone, so trying to make him
  change his mind was a waste of time. "Okay, Az, I'll, go. I just want to go
  on record, again, as saying, I don't wanna do this." 
 He chuckled, pulling her close against him. "Tell you what, precious. You
  go and be my good girl, and I promise you, once the council is over and my
  house returns to the quiet peace that I love, I will see you well rewarded." He
  bit at her lower lip. Promise and comfort in his kiss. "I promise you, sweet,
  when I bring you home again, I will see you are given my full attention." 
 The promise of getting a chance to have him all to herself was worth the
  unpleasantness of having to stay with the Rogue vampires. "Well, okay." She
  giggled trying to evade his tickling fingers. "But only, if, you promise." Pushing
  his hands out of the way, she pulled close, striving to prove to her master
  and, one day, Sire, how much she loved him. 
 Azrael laughed at her as she willingly pressed herself against him. "Well
  then I suggest we hurry along. The sooner I drop you off with Cerberus, the
  sooner I will be able to return for you." 
 She nodded, letting him pull away just far enough to take his hand. "Okay,
  I'm game, let's go."
CHAPTER 1 
   David moved to greet his Sire. "Sharra, Mother, it's
  so good to see you." 
 Sharra smiled up at her Childe. "And to see you too my dear. So how is my
  new Grand-Childe?" 
 "Christian?" David turned to look at his new Childe. "Come, meet my Sire,
  and your Grand-Sire." He grinned at Sharra. "Mother, this is Christian, he
  was Shiva's boy, and now he is mine." 
 Sharra hugged the young Fledgling. "Hello sweet. It is good to see you.
  I knew your Sire's Sire. Kali was a good friend of mine." 
 Again, the willingness to accept him stunned Christian. "I-Umm," he struggled
  to speak to her. He had no idea what he should say to her. "Vincent has told
  me all about you." He refused to pull away. Allowing instead for this woman
  to welcome him. This was the one thing that Shiva had been unable to offer
  him. Shiva's Sire had been dead, and so there was no family to come to know,
  his Sire's brothers hated him, and so alone they had struggled to face the
  world. 
 She smiled at him warmly. "Yes, I can just imagine. Well don't pay him any
  mind. Only about half of what he says about me is true. The rest is just him." She
  looked to David. "I am so proud of you. You should have been my first Childe." She
  looked back at Magnus who stood anger and fear clear on his features. "After
  all I seemed to have failed with that one." 
 "Don't worry about it, Mother." David wouldn't let her beat herself over
  Magnus's wretched state of existence. "You can't always predict how the Fledgling
  will fly, once it leaves the nest. I've made some pretty stupid mistakes myself,
  and I've only been gone from you a little over sixty years. He's had lots more
  time to screw up." He wouldn't let her take the blame for this, and even if
  he had to anger her, he would make her see that she wasn't responsible for
  everything that one of her Brood does. "But I have to admit," he went on. "I
  might have done some stupid things, but I never killed any Kin without reason,
  most assuredly not because they wouldn't be my slaves. The shame is his, Mother,
  not yours." 
* * * 
 Azrael could feel the tension as Morgan and he appeared in the Rogue Covenstead.
  The feel of a foreboding was, so heavy that it was almost a physical blow seemed
  to permeate from everyone. 
 "Greetings Elder." Cerberus rose to step into his role as Coven Master of
  his domain. "This gathering is long in coming, I think Titania is going to
  bust a gasket before it is all over. Is this the one you are leaving here?" He
  indicated to Morgan, who was standing there pressed against Azrael. 
 "Yes," Azrael had to physically push Morgan forward. "And where is Titania,
  I am after all here for her." Long in coming, the boy didn't know how right
  he really was. It had taken Azrael almost a year to first get a hold on the
  accused, and then set it up so that he had five, and no less than five, elders
  to sit on the council. But tedious and time consuming as it had been he had
  done it. 
 "She's coming, just messing around with her dress and makeup. You're a little
  early. She is almost finished." He held out his hand. "Why don't you let your
  girl there, come on in and take a seat. After all, being a living promise that
  the Kin under my protection will not be harmed, does not include being made
  to stand in the middle of the floor for hours waiting for her release or doom." 
 He nodded, motioning for Morgan to take a seat. "Precious, you are safe
  here. None here will harm you." He tried soothing her nerves. "You trust me,
  do you not?" 
 'Sure I do. I know I will be just fine'.   She tried
  to convince herself that Azrael was right, 'unless, things go all
  wrong'.  Despite her best efforts, the thought came to her. 'Then
  I'm take-out'.  "Just rush things along Master, if you can. I'll
  be good, stay, behave." A small hand fit well into his. "I know I'm supposed
  to be safe and all, but if you could hurry things along, I'd be real thankful." 
 "That makes two of us." Titania stood in the doorway. Her usual garb of
  black silk, lace and leather was exchanged for a simple black dress and heels. "I
  am ready Azrael. Again, your word, You won't let him kill me." She was as thrilled
  about going into a Lined Covenstead, as Morgan was about having to stay here.
  They both knew how much danger they were in. Despite all the words that both
  Coven Masters had uttered to assure them. 
 He rolled his eyes, "On my oath as a Lined Elder of the Vampyr, you are
  safe. There is nothing else I could promise you that would be anymore true
  than the words I have just spoken. Now are we need go? It will not be long
  before the others begin to make an appearance within my home." 
 Titania took one last good look at her surroundings before taking the hand
  that was offered. "Okay Elder, it's your ball game, I only hope I'm on the
  winning team." She muttered under her breath as the black of the Dark Paths
  took them. 
 'Okay, so I am here, now what'?  Morgan looked at the
  vampires around her. The reacquiring nightmare she had been living with for
  the last near year, she was being held as a hostage in trust for Titania who
  had left with Azrael. 'I only hope Az, is as good as they say he
  is'.  If, he, wasn't she would end up lunch, and several of the
  Kin around here looked as if they had not been eating none to good lately.
  Not very reassuring, all around her, they watched. Both Kin and kine alike,
  they sat, stood, lay and lounged watching her. She had never felt so out of
  place before in her life. She felt like the Blue Plate Special at the local
  diner, a feeling that she was not particularly happy with. She looked up to
  Cerberus. "So," she hated to be a pest, but she needed to know what the deal
  was here. "Can I ask, Master, what am I supposed to be doing right now? I mean
  like how many of y'all want to add me to your menu?" 
 The young slim, overly pretty, vampire that sat, in, Cerberus's lap, laughed. "Do?" He
  looked down at his husband and lover. "Cerberus," he punched him in the arm " 'Tell
  her'  something, she is scared stiff." He had no patience for this
  foolishness. Azrael had not lied. He had been open to them, going out of his
  way in the past months to ease their fears. Only truth could pass mind to mind,
  and lies could not be held there. And, yet, still Cerberus had insisted on
  having a hostage for Titania. And knowing how much this would frighten the
  ancient Elders Chosen. He couldn't help but think that it was a really rather
  stupid thing to do. 
 Morgan looked to the older Kin, as she tried to decide whether the rumbling
  coming from his chest was a chuckle or a growl, and not being able to. She
  came to the conclusion that desecration really was the better part of valor,
  so she sighed, and pulled back. "Uh, never mind, Master, I'll just sit here
  and hope that the council meeting doesn't take too long." She was, no, more
  ready to anger Cerberus, than she was Michael. Both were young  to
  the Vampyr, but that didn't mean they couldn't fix, her, but good. 
 Again that rumble, as Cerberus reached out patting her hand. "Kid, relax,
  I'll be honest with you. I would just as soon not have your Master decide to
  take a pound of my flesh because he thinks one of mine frightened you." He
  tightened his grip on the younger vampire in his lap, hugging him. "It's okay,
  Eris, I'm not going to let anyone here hurt her. I keep my word, as long as
  Titania returns in one piece and no one is going to come and seek revenge because
  what was done this day, the old one will find that, I have kept his little
  one here just the same." His hand moved to include the room. "I don't care
  what you do here Morgan, watch the idiot box, read a book, sit and chat with
  anyone who wants to talk to you." 
 Having her options listed made her feel a, little, better. But TV had never
  been much her thing, and 'read a book'  ? Who was he kidding?
  Like she could even think in this mess. So that left talking to one of them.
  Could she just turn around and strike up a conversation with one of the many
  who watched her. 
 Eris rolled his eyes. 'I swear. The fool acts like she should
      be used to things like this'  . "Damnit Cerberus. She doesn't 'know'  anyone
      here right now." He gave his partner, one last final look of, utter, disgust
      and slid from Cerberus's lap, reaching for her hand. "Come on honey, lets
      go see what kind of trouble we can get into." He shook his head at the
      caution in her eyes. "You don't have to look at me like that. I might not
      look like much, Morgan, but believe me. There is not a soul in this house
      who would even so much as 'dream'  of questioning
      me. I may look very young, but other than Cerberus, I am the eldest here,
      and if I was in a situation where I was going to lose, " he snickered. "Well
      being the husband to the Covenstead Master does have its advantage." 
 'Oh happy, happy, joy, joy'.  She sighed, mentally
  echoing William's favorite whine, as she followed him. 
* * * 
   Titania looked at the gathered Elders, and at the
  face that had filled her nightmares for almost four years now. It was Magnus.
  He was, having, to be forcefully restrained by both, the, woman who was his
  Sire, and another of his blood. He wanted to see her dead. She knew that. Nothing
  could take that knowledge away from her, or deny the truth. They did not care.
  The horror of the truth, though it was painful, did not surprise her. She had
  always known it, deep down inside. The monster had killed her family, and would
  kill her, if only he had the chance, and they did not care. She had been a
  fool for coming here. They would not listen, did not concern themselves with
  the petty actions of a Lined vampire. They acted as if she was more in the
  wrong by demanding justice than Magnus had been for killing her Sire and brother.
  And before this night was over, unless the Elder who stood as her protector
  and advocate pulled some sort of magic trick out of his hat, she would die. 
 She looked up into the face of the Elder's First-Born, who had physically
  protected her from Magnus as he tried to attack her. He looked so angry, so
  betrayed by the others. Would he be the one to do it? Would they punish Azrael
  for disturbing them in their own little worlds, would they force him or his
  Childe to kill her? 
   Neither Azrael, nor Michael had been prepared for
  the utter stupidity that so many of the Lined Elders were showing. First, none
  would help track the murderer down, and then it had taken literally months,
  once Magnus had been found, for Azrael to gather the needed Elders. And now,
  Magnus had had to be restrained as Azrael had brought Titania into his domain,
  and yet not one of those Kin other than Sharra had made a comment about the
  violations of the Law, that his refusal to obey Covenstead Rule represented.
  The poor Childe clinged to Michael as she looked at the Kin who had murdered
  her family. Azrael had been wrong. He realized that now. They did not want
  to hear her, nor did they really care what crimes one of the Lines committed
  against a Rogue. As long as they could go on about their little lives, in peace
  and ignorance, the rest could go to blazes. 
 "Silence!" Azrael grabbed her from Michael, ignoring her startled cry. "I
  am Master here. And I will be obeyed. Now I want all of you to tell me," he
  thrust her at the five Elders who sat before him. "No, better yet,  'tell
  her'  , that she has no right to our protection. Explain to this,
  Childe, how it is that, for the one simple sin of being born outside of the
  Lines, she can expect nothing more than to die. To be enslaved at best, abused
  and tortured more likely." He released her allowing her to stand alone before
  them. "Go on, 'Elders',  " the sarcasm in his tone was
  a blow all by, itself, and several of them actually flinched. "Go on, I dare
  you. The first one of you who dares to cast this Childe aside without even
  a token of an effort to protect her and her rights, I will challenge, 'Myself'  ." Not
  a one of them could meet the icy, raging, gaze that Azrael swept them with. 
 Sharra had never seen her oldest friend like this before. "Cousin." She
  lay a hand on his arm. "If you keep this up, there will be war." 
 "Good," he stepped away from her, and towards those who sat before them. "Let
  there be war. If we have sunk so far as to have forgotten who we are, and what
  our purpose is, better it is to die fighting for what is true, than to quietly,
  and meekly live a lie." He never once looked anywhere but at the oldest of
  the Elders. "Isis," his voice was soft. "Aunt, sister to my Sire. Would you
  sit aside and allow all that we were taught to be law, trampled? You who are
  the eldest of us gathered here. Whose words alone will decide this council.
  Will you let this sit as it is? Is, what, I am hearing true? 'Can
  there be no justice for the Rogues'?  " 
 The ancient Elder moved slowly. Age sat on her in loving layers. Even as
  ancient as she was, it would be many more millenniums before age forced her
  to fade. "My brother's Childe", her tone was loving, "I see my brother did
  not fail you in your training, nor you in the passing of it. But alas, though
  it pains me to say this the age's have changed us." Her voice was filled with
  regret, and the lovely eyes that Azrael had remembered holding only amusement,
  were now filled with pain. "A millennia ago, This tribunal would have never
  been needed. Rogues were not left to their own designs, but taken in by Lines
  and trained, adopted and protected from the world, and in doing so, the world
  was protected from them." She lifted a hand to forestall a comment. "But times
  have changed. Now the lawless breed like rabbits." She pointed to Titania. "For
  every Lined Kin, there are fifty such as she. We no longer have a choice but
  struggle to come up with a way to reduce the count. For if we fail to, then
  all law will crumble." 
 Titania cried out in protest as she pulled away from Michael. "Damn you
  all." She turned away, seeking out Azrael's face. Her eyes hollow chunks of
  ice as she raged. "But damn you the most. You swore I would be safe here, that
  I would see 'justice'  ." The bark that should have been
  a laugh, was more a sob. "But despite all the pretty words, all you have done
  is to get me killed." She launched herself at him. "So be it." The voice was
  a harsh hiss. "But know this, 'Elder'  ." Her fingers
  tightened around his throat. "You lose your Chosen with my death. At least
  I know that if I have to die, it isn't for nothing." Her hands gripped around
  his throat, trying to kill him. If she were to die now, she would go out fighting,
  it had been the one thing she hadn't been able to do when her Sire and Brother
  died, but this time, she would not shame herself again. If she were to die,
  then so be it. But she would go down fighting. 
 The room erupted in chaos. Shouts and bodies moving forward in a single-minded
  attempt to protect the Elders. Michael and David stood before Azrael, who struggled
  with Titania, and the others, who were too ready to call fault. There would
  be war. There was no choice. The Lines would fight, and they would attack and
  see that Azrael and all those in his keep died first. 
 "' Enough'"  Isis rose, a chilling rage in her eyes,
  as all but one of those about her fell away. Azrael, stood his ground, arms
  around the fear maddened Orphaned Rogue. "You would see that war was fought?" She
  did not understand the man that her brother had sired. "Blood shed, all for
  her a Rogue orphan?" There was no reaching him. "Why? Can you answer me that?
  Why?" 
 Titania looked up to her, a snarl on her face as she spat out before Azrael
  could respond. "He wouldn't be the only one either. If I die, then the Kin
  of the Warlock's, my Covenstead of brothers and sisters, will see, Line blood,
  flow, or they're gonna die trying." 
 Azrael shrugged, more than just a little pleased with the Childe's willingness
  to stand up to, any and, all that faced her. "Her words are true Isis, you
  know they are, the entire room knows this."  *None may lie here,
  try, and see if you can prove me wrong. *  
 Isis shook her head, her face one of contempt as she turned to look at the
  others. "I will not have it." She turned away, looking to Sharra. "The criminal
  is of your Line niece. He is your problem. See he pays for his crime." She
  looked once more to Azrael. "Osiris would be pleased with you, my brothers
  Childe. The Law lives, and breathes within you. I will not forget this day." And
  she turned to face the other Elders. "Nor will I let anyone else pretend that
  it did not happen." 
 To the man, the other four Elders rose in protest. "You are mad", "Senile", "Crazed." The
  cries sounded out through the room. "She is nothing. The boy acted harshly,
  but it is not as if it mattered. This trash, just as her Sire before her, are
  little better than Renegades, who we lawfully track down and kill." 
 A cry from the corner of the room as a body hurled itself towards the converged
  Elders. "You lie." A thud and a crash as flesh met flesh. "You don't just,
  track down, Renegades. You help create them." 
 The Elder, who Christian had hit, growled, pulling the boy from him and
  hurtling him across the room. "That will change Renegade, with your death first." He
  crouched preparing to leap at Christian, as the boy struggled to pull himself
  up. 
 Both Sharra and David moved as one to block the Elders path to the boy. "Touch
  my Grand-Childe, fool." Sharra's voice was the merest of whispers. "And I will
  make you pay with your life." 
 The Elder who Christian had attacked sputtered. "The fool boy attacked me.
  You would allow that without justice?" 
 "Why not? You would let this one," she pointed to Magnus. "Attack Kin, for
  no reason and allow it. Why not another? If you are willing to allow this,
  then what is to prevent all the law to be ignored." She looked back at the
  Childe who huddled in David's arms. "Admirable Childe, but a bit foolish. Attacking
  an Elder is not the way to go about getting their attention." Then she looked
  back. "Mocking them on the other hand, seems to be the just the solution." 
 David looked him over, anxiously. "Baby, you all right? He didn't hurt you
  did he." 
 Christian shook his head, before reaching to pull David's head down to his. "Tell
  them Master, tell them the truth. Tell them who I was, and what was done to
  me. Tell them how Shiva died." He would see that Titania was not the only one
  who spoke and was heard this day. 
 "Yes, Vincent, tell the, ' wise'  Elders, how you came
  to have your Childe." Michael moved to stand with David. Leaving both Azrael
  and Isis to face the rest. 
 The four looked to David. They would hear him. He was Legal blood. "Yes,
  Childe, tell us of your foolish Fledglings beginning." The youngest of the
  Elder's who had presented themselves spoke. 
 David looked down at Christian. "Go on, my Son. Tell them the story. Let
  them know how good they are at the tracking and destruction of Renegades." David
  would not take this chance from his Fledgling. 
 Not a sound, not, a word, as all attention was focused on this infant. Each
  one, wondering what the youngster could possibly think important enough to
  demand attention as he had. Christian struggled to stand, leaning against David
  for a moment. "I'm sorry." He nodded towards the Elder that he had attacked,
  as he brushed himself off. "My Sire," with a glint in his eyes that only David
  understood, he added. "Both of them, taught me better." He paused, letting
  the words he had just spoken sink into the minds of those who listened. 
 'Both of them'  , this Childe had, two, Sire's? The
  very act was rare enough to startle them. How was it that this boy had lost
  one Sire, and gained another so quickly. He could not be more than two maybe
  three. 
 Finally, the one who had up until now remained silent moved forward. "And
  your first Sire was, Childe?" 
 Christian looked at him. "And your name Elder?" 
 "I am known as Bane. Now would you answer my question Fledgling, who was
  your first Sire?" 
 "Shiva, he was my Sire, his Sire before him was Kali, and hers before her
  was Izzan." He stood before them, back straight, head held high. "He saved
  my life when I was eleven, and made me his when I was sixteen. I lived with
  him as my Sire for almost two full years. I still carry his brand. Orphaned,
  I was, but no Rogue." He looked to David. "I am here now, with my new Sire,
  because." He took a deep breath. "Shiva was challenged by a soul stealing Renegade." Again
  he paused, but this time to allow those who were so full of, themselves, to,
  hear what he had said, and to understand the truth. "My Sire died. Set, that
  was the Renegades name, he killed him, but trapped his soul, stole his powers." He
  moved from David towards Azrael. "I was sure I would die eventually, but the
  bastard made a fatal mistake." And he nodded to Azrael to take up the story. 
 Azrael nodded smiling at him. "I was unaware of Christian's plight." He
  lay a protective hand on Christian's shoulder, squeezing gently. "I knew of
  Set, who was the Renegade that had killed my adopted Childe, Selene's, Sire.
  I had sworn that I would see that he paid for the crimes he had committed against
  her." He lowered his head. "I should have moved against him, the moment I knew
  who he was, but, like a fool I was certain in my belief that no Kin mad enough
  to attack the young of our Line, would ever be insane enough to attack one
  as old as I." He shook his head chuckling. "I learned how much of a fool I
  really was. For it was not a full twenty-four hours after adopting Selene,
  that the animal had taken his vengeance for me out upon one of my Pets." He
  pointed to the small, mousy, quiet mortal in the corner, who was watching from
  the safety of Torin's, who was yet another of those he claimed as, Chosen,
  arms. "He attacked, tortured and raped my love, solely to punish me for daring
  to take what he believed belonged to him." 
 There was silence absolute within the room, as Vampyr sat stunned, trying
  to believe that any Renegade would be that mad. To attack, not, only an Elder,
  but an Adept Mage as well. 
 "You killed this one, did you not?" Bane's voice trembled with rage. The
  fury that he felt, that they all felt, at the blatant disregard and disrespect
  that the attack represented. "Does this soulless beast still live? If you won't
  finish him off, I will." 
 Azrael chuckled. "Oh, yes, he died. Though it pains me to say, not as I
  had wanted him to, screaming in agony as I tore him asunder. My fury was so
  great, my pain unlike any I have known for so long, it, galled me, to be forced
  to offer him a quiet death for the sake of the souls he held. But, yes, I killed
  him. And in killing him I freed not only Christian's Sire from the chains upon
  his soul. But Selene's Sire, Mara, as well as several others. Allowing then
  to, at last, finally die in truth." 
 The chorus of voices that rose in response was ear shattering. Azrael stood
  there silent, waiting for the clamor to die down. 
 "My nephew," Isis came to stand beside him. "I understand what you are saying,
  and I feel the pain that this has caused so many within your house." She smiled. "Yet
  I feel that there is a reason for all of this, other than to explain where
  the Childe of two Sire's and the Rogue child who you now claim as yours came
  from. Finish the tale." 
 He grinned at her. "Osiris used to swear that no man, nor woman of the Lines
  could ever fool you. I see he did not exaggerate." He tilted his head at her
  in respect. He then turned back to the room. 
 "It was when I was allowed to track my adopted Childe's and pet's abuser
  down that I first met the most incredible collection of Rogues that I have
  ever had the good fortune to meet. 
 "It had been the Covenstead Master Cerberus who had enable me to finally
  track Jenna to where Set had dragged her, at no small risk to himself and his
  own, I might add." These words were not lightly spoke, for they all knew how
  dangerous they could be when they raged. "And it had been at his consent that
  I took my justice upon the body of the madman." 
 Michael cleared his throat, a soft smile on his face. "Father, tell them
  what brought about this gathering of Elders." Michael knew his Sire; he could
  and would go on for hours if left unchecked. 
 Azrael nodded at him. "Yes, Megel, you are right, forgive me. I do tend
  to be the bard, if the story is good." Then back to the collected Kin, who
  sat watching him. "Upon freeing both Shiva's and Mara's soul, and collecting
  yet another orphan for my home. I learned of crimes so vile, that I only wish
  I could have disputed them. Alas, painful and ugly though they were. They were
  the truth. Titania stands here before you, because her brother and Sire died
  to be free. Innocent and guiltless though they were, they were given the choice
  of slavery or death. Ghede who was no true Rogue, but orphaned Line, as well
  as his First-Born, Baal, they chose to die as free men, rather than to bend
  to the will of another. Titania ran, her brother, Baal, holding off pursuit
  with his life. Cerberus had found the Childe, huddled in a basement, starving,
  living in fear that Magnus would keep his vow and track her down and see her
  dead as well." 
 Again the absolute silence as the tale came to an end. "So we are here.
  And I am ashamed to say that I was wrong. The Law does not live as it once
  did. Petty concerns laziness and apathy has taken its place. Not the first
  of you were willing to help track the murderer down, and it took me almost
  a year to set this up, you all had so much more 'important'  things
  to do." His gaze moved to each of the Elder's in turn, causing them to bluster
  and look away. "Why do you think that they breed unchecked, or that the Renegades
  prey on them as openly and as freely as they do. It is because we," he made
  a move to include the room. "All of us, we have failed to keep our word, to
  protect our people." His eye stopped flat on the youngest Elders face. "We
  prattle law, and oaths, and codes. And yet I bring a victim before you, why
  is it you all are so ready to see the criminal freed, and the poor Childe dead,
  all because she dared face you and demand justice?" 
 Bane nodded, conceding that Azrael was right. "You have brought up some
  very valid points, Azrael. Several of these points shame me in their ugly truth.
  The Rogue's and Renegades never touch me." He looked to Sharra. "I agree with
  the Lady Isis, he is your Childe, so be it your responsibility to his punishment." 
 And with his words, the other three fell in line. Each of them, adding their
  voice as quickly as they could. Four ancient and powerful Elders were in agreement
  on this. The three were not so old yet, nor foolish enough to stand against
  them in something as important as this was. The Lines would look to their duty
  to the Vampyr, as a whole, again. 
 Magnus struggled as Michael as well as David moved to hold him in place,
  as Sharra neared him. "I will see you pay." He spat at her. "You are little
  more than trash like that, bitch, there." He fought, but to no avail. "Both
  of you, sleep light. I will seek you out, you will pay." But for all the threats
  he made, he could not break free and as his Sire's hands closed over his face,
  the fight was lost. "Don't do this Sharra, please, I'm your First-Born." She
  would strip him of everything he had. Do to him, what he had sought to do to
  the Rogues that he had killed, strip them of all freedoms and enslave them. "Please,
  Mother," a whimper. "Mistress." He moaned against the loss. "Damn you!" He
  half screamed, half sobbed, as the pain began. 
 Sharra heard nothing, would hear nothing as she drained him, stripping all
  his training from him, and crushing his will to hers as she broke him, quickly
  without care for pain or any effort to show mercy. "Yes, damn me." She pulled
  back. Slapping him with such force that he was knocked from Michael and David's
  grasp. "I let you free as this monster. I deserve to be damned for this." She
  reached for him, yanking his face to hers. "Damned though I am, I will take
  my guilt out on your hide for years. I strip you of freedom, your powers, your
  self, and your name. You are nothing. And nothing you will be until I free
  you once again. And if I were you, I would pray that I relearn all that my
  Sire had attempted to teach me so many centuries ago, and do so quickly." She
  dropped the sobbing wretch on the floor, wiping her hands on her pants, as
  if to remove an invisible stain. 
 Azrael relaxed. "There will be no blood, no war, no loss. Though it shames
  me at how difficult the attaining of it truly was, we have seen to justice." 
 Titania stared at him, mouth working but no words forthcoming. She had come
  here to see justice, on this ancient one's word, and so it had come to pass.
  Her, Sire's and brother's killer would pay for what he had done. "F-forgive
  me." She dropped to her knees, waiting for what ever the Elder would feel was
  her just due. She had threatened him, struck out at him, tried to kill him.
  He could see her pay. Cerberus would not lift a hand once he knew what she
  had done. 
 Azrael shook his head. "Childe, there is nothing to forgive. Rather it is
  I who needs beg your pardon. I had been so sure that this would be ever so
  simple in attaining the justice that you so rightly deserved. But alas, it
  would seem that I no longer know my Kin as I once did." He turned to see the
  Elders beginning to move to leave. "Isis, my Sire's sister, will you stay?" 
 The little woman turned smiling at him. "What do you need Azrael? What do
  you plan to do next?" He wasn't so old, or she so dignified, that she could
  refuse this opportunity to tease her younger blood. "Great it must be indeed.
  I have never seen anyone set Bane back as you and that infant have. Next you
  will be raising the dead, and returning my brother to me once more." 
 Azrael, who had not blushed in what seemed to be time immortal, chuckled. "No,
  I simply ask that you return with me to where my Chosen is waiting, in the
  care of the Rogue Covenstead Master. Allow me to collect the child and return
  this one to her home. Meet those that the others would see killed. Take the
  knowledge that you gain from your visit, to the others, those who were not
  with us this day. Call them to their duties once more. 
 She nodded. "And this youngling who stands as Master of these children.
  He will not protest my presence in his home?" 
 Titania laughed. "Lady Elder, if Cerberus so much as utters a peep in protest,
  I'll trounce him myself. You are as much to thank as the, Elder, here." She
  lay a hand on Azrael's shoulder. "Had you not been willing to stand by him,
  those others," she shuddered. "They would have seen me dead." 
 "Well then Childe, I will graciously accompany my nephew to return you to
  where you live, and collect the child held as hostage for your safe return." She
  reached up to stroke Titania's cheek. "But before we leave, you must know this.
  Justice or no justice, neither, Azrael or myself would have ever allowed you
  to be killed. I have not strayed quite so far, so that I would see an innocent
  killed for crying justice." 
 Titania looked up, a gleam in her eyes, one of joy, that had not been there
  for much too long. "You know something, Lady, I do believe you're telling the
  truth, and you would not have let anyone do me wrong." Tears sparkled in her
  eyes, as she kissed the Elder Kin "Thank you." 
 "You are so very, very, welcome. Now come Childe. My nephew is anxious to
  see to his Chosen, and I to return to my domain, let us return you home." 
 And as one, the three faded. 
CHAPTER 2  
   The cold that announces all travelers from the Dark
  Paths filled the room as Azrael returned Titania as he had sworn.  
 Cerberus was first delighted, then stunned, as yet a third emerged. His
  delight rapidly swung to fury as he recognized yet 'another'  of
  the Lined Elders. "Who is that?" He hissed pointed to Isis.  
 Titania moved to place herself before the tiny Elder. "Watch it Cerberus." She
  gave him a single warning. "This is the only one out of five Elder's on the
  council that backed me. The others would have let my Sire's killer get away
  with it." Her voice was low, and full of threat. She might not be able to even
  cause the Covenstead Master so much as a moment's grief, but if he came at
  the ancient old woman, she was going to try.  
 He growled. "Damn you Azrael. I told you, did I not? 'I did not',   want    another    of    the
  Lined    blood ,  most especially
  not one of the, 'Elders',  knowing where I live." He glared
  at Isis.  
 Azrael shook his head in exasperation as he grabbed his arm. "I have fought
  enough for your rights today, Childe, that you should try to show some graciousness." The
  threat was there, clear and clean. Covenstead law, or no Covenstead law he
  would not be called to task by this Fledgling, a mere Childe. "This is one
  of, 'my'  blood. She is the sister of my Sire." He lifted
  a slim finger. "And, she was the only, Elder, at that Tribunal that had final
  say in your little Charges fate." He pulled Cerberus forward to face her, refusing
  to be ignored. "Hate it as you might. 'She',   is the
  one Elder that you should be overjoyed to have within these walls. And you, 'will',  show
  her the respect due her by her age and her wisdom." The tone of his voice allowed
  no argument, as he forced Cerberus to his knee. He understood Cerberus's fear,
  and pains, but to take the attitude that all Elders are evil. No. That he could
  not accept.  
 Cerberus felt a brief, burning flash of fear. Covenstead law or no, here,
  now, he would bow, be forced to bend. "Forgive me," he whispered the words. "My
  apologies, Mistress."  
 Isis just smiled. "Oh, Azrael, do let the boy be. If we have failed in our
  duties as badly as it does seem we have. Is there any wonder, why he does not
  want those of the Line's in his realm?" Her hand touched Azrael's where it
  still held Cerberus's shoulder.  
 Azrael nodded, "Sorry, Covenstead Master, it just seems as I have done nothing
  but fight for you and yours for so long. Your caution hit me as ingratitude." He
  patted the younger Kin's arm. "Now, where is Morgan?"  
 Eris looked up from the card game he was playing with Morgan, at the new
  voices. Titania was back, and with her came his little charges Master. He did
  not know what to be happier about. The fact that Titania was back and alive,
  or that Azrael had come back and he would be able to relinquish his baby-sitting
  job.  
 He folded his hand smiling. "Card game is over dear, your Master has returned
  for you. Why don't you go on and hurry back to him. I'll put this stuff away."  
 Morgan wasn't used to the layout of the house. It was not like anywhere
  she had lived, past or present. So she backtracked her steps through rooms
  filled with Kin carefully seeking, the, living room once again.  
 The decor wasn't bad at all. True it was nothing like she had become accustomed
  to living with Azrael, but it was better decorated than her old home had been.  
 But there were too many damned rooms, she kept getting turned around, trying
  to remember which room was which. She should have paid more attention to where
  she was going when she left the main room. If she had, she wouldn't have ended
  up as lost as she was now.  
 She was going to need help. Like it or not, she needed help to find where
  she was going. "Uh," she reached out and tapped a young looking man on the
  shoulder. "I hate to bug you, but how do I navigate in this place?"  
 Blond hair, dark brown eyes, in a face that marked him a hunk in her mind,
  brightened with a grin turned to meet hers. "And just who might you be?" A
  tone, as bright as the smile, "you're not one of us, and I think I know all
  the mortals here, did one of the crew slip you in while I wasn't looking?" He
  reached up and brushed her cheek with his fingers. "I think I might just be
  jealous."  
 Several other Rogue's laughed behind him. "Mike, that's the Elder's girl." One
  of the other men in the room shook his head. "You don't remember?"  
 "Ah," now it made sense. "I didn't see her when she came in. I was out." The
  merriment in his eyes didn't change as he looked back at her. "I'm sorry, I
  didn't know." He stroked her cheek again. "What's your name honey?"  
 She didn't feel any bad vibes from him, he felt a lot like Joseph felt,
  warm, safe and good. And as used to vampires as she was, his flirting with
  her didn't even bother her. "Morgan." She held out a hand. "Now, could you
  please tell me how to get back to where I started this day at?"  
 He chuckled. "Do better than that, pretty girl, I'll lead the way." He offered
  her his arm. "I know just how you feel. When Cerberus first brought me here,
  it took me days to find my way around. Just be glad you don't have to live
  here."  
 "Why not?" She didn't understand his statement. Was it meant as a warning
  or a threat?  
 It was neither. "Because, my dear," he escorted her into the main portion
  of the house. "Then you would have to learn how to navigate here, and it was
  a bitch for me, and I'm a vampire. It takes new mortals, weeks to learn all
  the places in this maze."  
 Her helper, forgotten Morgan squealed as she released his arm and rushed
  to her Master. "You got back." It felt so good to be back in his arms. She
  had been so worried.  
 "Yes precious," it was difficult not to laugh at the relief in her face. "Did
  you think I would abandon you here?" He hugged her. "Silly thing, you are my
  Chosen."  
 Cerberus was having trouble absorbing all the things happening in his home. "As
  you see Azrael, I kept my word. She's returned to you, no worse for staying
  here."  
 "Yes," Azrael squeezed her once more before letting her go. "I did not doubt
  your word Childe, just your refusal to listen to reason." Then to Morgan, "sweet,
  allow me to introduce you to my Sire's sister, my aunt, Isis."  
 Large brown eyes in a small beautiful oval face greeted her as she turned
  to look at the woman who was so old, that even her Master was a Childe compared
  to her. "Umm," okay, what should she say? "I-I am honored, your Ladyship. It
  is good to meet you. I didn't know there were any older than my Master."  
 The soft deep mellow chuckle was soothing. "Not many little one, but a few." She
  turned to Azrael. "No power here, but what a darling Childe she will make regardless
  of the lack of Magecraft abilities." She was impressed with her nephew's good
  fortune. "But then you always did have the devils luck when it came to your
  young."  
 Azrael smiled down at Morgan. "Yes, she is as precious and as dear as any
  Childe I have ever given my blood to." She glowed under his praise. Preening
  and blushing at the same time. It was the one thing she liked most about living
  with her master. She never had to wonder what he thought or felt about her.
  She knew he would tell her. That constant, almost parental, support was what
  had helped her heal and grow over the years.  
 "Pity that Osiris no longer walks among us." Isis looked upon her brothers
  Childe fondly, as he lost himself in the young mortal's eyes. "He was never
  anything but proud of you."  
 "Aye, I miss him still, though he has been gone from me since just after
  I pushed my First-Born from my home, to learn to be adult." Over a thousand
  years and it still hurt. Would he ever stop missing the man who made him what
  he was, and through him many others?  
 A soft clearing of a throat brought them back to the here and now, and away
  from memories better left in the past, where they belong. "Excuse me, Elders," Cerberus
  stood there, Eris at his side, both watching them closely. "But if it is all
  the same to you Azrael," he bowed his head at the elder Kin. He had been forced
  to bend once in his own home tonight, already. He didn't want to repeat the
  shame. "I have kept my word, your Chosen there is returned to you safe and
  in as good a condition as you left her. Thank you for standing for Titania,
  for seeing that she got the justice that she needed. But again, I must ask
  you, to leave. My Brood, have come to accept that you will not do them wrong,
  and through you, we can even accept the near immortal there. But as you know,
  not all those in my home are my Brood."  
 There were murmurs of agreement from all around the room, with one exception.
  The young Kin that had led Morgan back to the main room shook his head. "Scuse
  me, Master." He looked to Cerberus, merriment dancing in his eyes. "But, like
  it or not, we owe them at least something of a welcome."  
 Cerberus looked at him. It was Zephyr, putting his two cents in. He should
  have known. This one was the one and only that he had given the Gift to in
  the last twenty years. And as the baby of the family, the Fledgling had always
  felt safer to speak as he felt. Knowing that approve or not, none of his elder
  brothers, nor his Sire, or his Sire's Husband would allow him to be really
  harmed. "Zeph, I didn't know you had made it back from your hunt. Any luck
  in your search?" His tone was light, but there was warning in his eyes.  
 The boy was looking for a new pet. He had decided that all the ones in the
  house belonged to others, and he couldn't keep filching blood from his Sire
  or his brothers.  
 Zephyr chuckled moving to throw, himself, into a chair, completely missing
  his sire's warning glare. "Nope, came up empty handed again. It's hard to find
  one that fits the bill, ya know?" He looked both Azrael and Isis over. "So
  rumor has it that Titania's trial went well. She's back, and whole. So how
  come you're standing there acting like we're about to go to war?"  
   Eris could have kissed the boy. He too had been wondering
  for days why his lover was so bent about this. They were Rogues. There was
  nothing that could be done to dispute this. But on the same token so far the
  Elder, who had come after Set and made him pay for his crimes, hadn't made
  any moves that could be read as threatening in any way. Even after forcing
  his husband to bend, was willing to beg pardon for his loss of temper. "You
  know Cerberus, your son has a valid question. Why are we refusing any connection
  between us, and the other Covenstead? Obviously they follow the Laws. Titania
  would be dead by now. You in chains, if they didn't. What is the hang-up?"  
 Cerberus turned to glare at his husband. * How dare you question
        me, here like this? *     His thoughts
        battered at Eris's.  
 * Well stop acting like a fool, and I won't question you. You
        know how I feel about this. I am ashamed. This Elder has done nothing
        to earn your hatred, if anything he has worked to do all that he can
        to make us feel safe and that he would back you. I won't just stand back,
        silent, and let you shame me  . *   He
        held his head up, eyes locked with Cerberus's. * Will you
        force his hand? Will I lose my Husband and Sire? *  Not
        a sound was heard in the room as the two Kin faced each other. Both believing,
        that they were right. And both trying to make the other see in a silent
        battle of wills. It did not go well for the house when these two fought.
        Any who had been at the Covenstead for more than a few decades had learned.
        Cerberus and Eris, almost never fought, but on the rare occasion they,
        did, it was best to get out of their way.  
 Mike as all but, Cerberus and Eris knew him, cleared his throat trying to
  break the stalemate. "I'm sorry, Father, didn't mean to cause this fuss." He'd
  get his ears boxed in if this kept up much longer. "I'll take myself and my
  mouth out of here." He moved to leave, but Eris wouldn't let him. "Do I have
  to?" He began to swear softly at the curt nod. "Shit."  
 Morgan tugged at Azrael's sleeve. "Az, maybe we need go, hu?" She had been
  with Azrael and his folks for almost three years now, and she knew what the
  look on Cerberus's face meant. He was mad, and as soon as they left, someone
  was going to get an attitude adjustment.  
 "Yes, Azrael, your Chosen is right, we need leave these to their own lives.
  Enough disruption for one evening." Isis wanted no more chaos. She had had
  quite enough for one night.  
 He nodded. "Yes, you both are right. No need in standing here listening
  to what is obviously a lovers quarrel." He moved to break the two up. "Excuse
  me, Coven Master, but there is not need for this. We are leaving. On your word,
  that there be peace between our houses."  
 Cerberus turned from Eris, "On one condition Elder. Your word that neither
  you, nor any of the Elders you are tied to return here. Your coven members,
  and mine are welcome to inter mix, but 'you, and those like you'  stay
  out." There was an embarrassed anger in his voice, one that had it not been
  so important to keep the peace, Azrael would have laughed at.  
 Both Eris and Zephyr rolled their eyes. It was obvious that it was going
  to take them a little time to warm their lover/Sire, to the idea of having
  the Lines in their life again.  
 Azrael bowed. "Though I can not speak for any but myself, I give my word,
  I will violate your home no more with out your permission." He looked to Isis,
  who nodded smiling. "You have both our words Cerberus, but know this." His
  tone was a breath above a threat. "As you have said, I too will allow my Fledglings,
  and those who seek protection in my home to visit with those here. But should
  the day come that any in my care are harmed. My agreement is ended." And with
  that, all three faded from the room.  
 Eris sighed in relief. " 'Well that'  could have gone
  better." He hit Cerberus. "When will you learn to lighten up. In case you have
  forgotten, that 'particular'  Elder, has not only stood
  by one of us, but also dealt with getting rid of a little problem of yours." Though
  he was shorter than Cerberus, his lack of size had never slowed him down in
  any way. "Or haven't you figured it out yet. Had Azrael not killed Set, it
  would only have been a matter of time before he would have challenged you.
  And you know what might have happened then." Then there was, pain and fear
  in his eyes. "And to challenge him, I do not want to be a widower." He almost
  sobbed. "I have no life without you, please, don't let your own stupidity be
  the end to ours."  
 Like it or not, Cerberus could not argue the point with his husband. Set
  had been pushing those last few months. He might have challenged him, and had
  he lost, not only would the Covenstead been lost to him, but his lover and
  Children become nothing more than Set's slave. "Okay, baby, I'll give it some
  thought." He bent a little. "Though I have to tell you, it is going to take
  a little time to get used to this again." His lips brushed Eris's, "I'm sorry
  for scaring you baby. Just got away from myself, that's all, like I said, give
  me a little time."  
 Eris nodded, sighing in relief. "Well, love," he could feel the tension
  in his husband's body. "Aren't we lucky that, that one particular commodity,
  has been given back to us."  
 Cerberus turned to look at Zephyr, the smile on his face fading. "You on
  the other hand." The look on his face promised harsh retribution. "Looks like
  I am going to have to teach you to keep you mouth out of my business, again." He
  hated when he had to punish any of his children, but this one most of all. "Strip,
  then go over there and lean against the wall."  
 Eris lay a hand on Cerberus's arm. "Are you going to hurt him like last
  time?" He wouldn't try to stop him, he had learned a long time ago, that, fighting
  with him when he was like this only promised whichever Childe had earned punishment,
  would be hurt more.  
 Cerberus shook his head. "No, I don't feel like living with you throwing
  knives at me with every glare. I'll whip him, chain him downstairs and then
  I'll think." He began to unbuckle the belt at his waist as Zephyr stripped. "Go
  on with you boy. When are you going to learn," the first blow fell, even as
  the Fledgling leaned against the wall.  
 Zephyr struggled not to cry out as the first was quickly followed by a second,
  third, fourth and more. His Sire was angry, and he would suffer for it.  
 "Poor, love," Eris shook his head, talking to no one inparticular as he
  watched Cerberus reduce his Childe to a bleeding huddled mass on the floor. "I
  don't know what is going to hurt Cerberus more, the humiliation of having to
  publicly bend to another, or the shame he is going to feel at his taking it
  out on Zeph."  
* * *  
   Morgan shivered to herself as the returned to their
  home. Everything had been returned back to normal and it felt like home again.
  Everyone was so calm, so relaxed. Not even Jason who had been worried about
  her earlier this evening, was bothered in the least as she moved to where Azrael
  sat, nodding to Isis to take her seat as well. "So, Az," she pulled up into
  his lap. Her little mouth, soft against his, promising sweetness. "I did like
  you asked. You promised me your full, complete and undivided attention when
  we got back here, if I behaved myself. I'm holding you to that promise." She
  understood that her Master would, of course, want to spend time with his relative,
  and yet she had followed his directions to the letter, with the promise of
  a night of him, and no one else, as a reward if she were good.  
 He chuckled. "When have you ever known me to break a promise, sweet?" He
  gave Isis a knowing  look before looking back down at
  him, lovingly. "I spoil you, and you know it."  
 She giggled as he bit along her throat. "To the core." He could keep doing
  this for the rest of eternity. She loved him, and as long as he held her, the
  world was right and there was a tomorrow.  
 "I can only stay briefly little sister, so if you will wait, I need to bid
  my nephew a fond farewell." Isis knew her brother, and in knowing him as well
  as she had, was not at all surprised at Azrael's excesses. If anything, had
  Azrael put off his Chosen, she would have wondered.  
 They both sighed. "Yes, Elder," it was amusing in a way. He was almost four
  thousand years old, and still having to bend to those older than he was. It
  was not something that happened often. "You will not stay, share these delightful
  darlings with me?"  
 "No, I too have a pet. Unlike you, who still need so much, I feed out of
  need once, mayhaps twice, a year." She smiled as Morgan and several others
  in the room gaped at her in amazement.  
 A movement from the, shadowy, corner. "Excuse me." Joseph cleared his throat. "But
  Lady, if you only need to feed about once every six months or so, why keep
  a mortal?  
 The bell like ring of her laughter seemed to fill the room with music. "I
  said, out of need  . But even one as young as you, must
  know that the feeding is not all for need. I am a quiet woman. The lad I have
  is all I need. Unlike you youngling's who must feed so often that unless you
  keep a house full, you will be forced to hunt. I only need one. And at my age,
  the fewer distractions the better." She rose to stand. "I must leave you now
  dearest. I know where you live once more and we will be together again, soon,
  but for now I must go."  
 They all understood what she meant. Usually, by the time Kin reached her
  age most of them, they lived alone. Disturbing no one, and allowing no one
  to disturb them. The very concept that a Elder Kin who was nearing her ten
  thousandth year, and was willing to still keep a mortal, and speak to those
  around her, was something of a surprise. "Aye, and I know that you are near." He
  released Morgan as he stood to bid his aunt and Elder farewell. "It has been
  too long. I was no longer sure you still lived. When my Sire died, I lost my
  tie with you, and no longer felt your life as I had once."  
 Though Azrael was not by, modern standards, a tall man, the little Elder
  Kin was tiny in his arms. A feeling of almost having his Sire with him once
  again swept over him as she returned his kiss, reaffirming the old ties and
  connections. "Do not stay gone so long this time, Isis, now that I know that
  you live, I would welcome you gladly, with joy and love, within the walls of
  my domain."  
 Soft, large, brown eyes smiled up into his as she laughed again. "Aye, I
  have missed you as well little one. And though I never once in all my years,
  ever, expected to be reintroduced to you as I was, I am glad I have been."  
   Robyn rolled her eyes. "You know something." She
  whispered to her soul-bonded. "You would think with the way they are acting,
  that none of them has ever run up on anyone who has been out of their lives
  for a long time." She laughed as Torin swatted her.  
 "Hush, I think it's sweet. And just think. We got a great-aunt now, and
  once we have pulled our hundred years here, it's a place to go." He was a planner,
  and knowing that there was another of their Master's line still, out, there,
  that they could call upon other than Michael was refreshing. "Besides, how
  many Female Elders are there anyway? I've seen two so far, and one of them
  we didn't even know existed, but now that we do."  
 She nodded. "You do have a point there, pretty face. Kin is so male oriented,
  that it would be rather cool to have a Lady Elder to hang with." She had been
  considering David's Sire, but with the renewed awareness of their blood Kin,
  it changed things. "Only question we still have, is, would she take us? You
  got to admit, even though she don't look a day over maybe thirty-five, she's
  old."  
 Isis turned smiling at the two. "I heard that." And the smile turned to,
  out right laughter, as the two sputtered apologies. "Hush, both of you. I am
  old. Even Kin ages eventually. Now what is the question that the two of you
  were discussing in regards to me?"  
 Robyn looked to Torin with a, 'you wanna say it, or shall I'  ,
  look. He nodded to her. She was female after all.  
 "Umm." She thought hard on how to put this forth. They were not even vampires
  yet, and already they were planning on where to run when Azrael threw them
  out. "It's not important. Just running over possible hiding spots when we wear
  out the welcome here."  
 Azrael chuckled. "Those two, as you see, are both Magi, as well as my Chosen.
  And it would seem that they are making plans for their future. Though I have
  not even made them my Fledglings yet. I am waiting until I believe that one
  can live through the beginnings of the other's transformation." It was rather
  amusing. And he knew exactly which of the two have begun the planning. "Torin,
  the boy, is a planner. He tries so very hard to leave nothing to chance."  
 Isis nodded. "And where have I seen that trait before, I must wonder." Though
  the thought of having not one, but two young adults under her roof was neither
  wanted or peaceful, she had to admit to herself that when the time came, it
  might just be pleasant. "And I am being considered by these two?"  
 "Torin, he is ever conscious of his bond mates needs. There are far too
  few of her gender in the Lines. So she is, of course, seeking an elder female
  Kin to finish her training under once she has served her time here with me.
  Sharra has been considered, and has agreed with me that for Robyn's own emotional
  stability that she would accept them, but now."  
 She nodded before looking back, to, the two, youngling's, who, held, their,
  breaths. "I, must, warn you children, I am old. Living with me will not always
  be easy, so set in my ways am I, but" she smiled at them. "If when the day
  comes, you seek me out, I will not turn you away. I owe my nephew that much.
  I would never ban a Childe of his from my protection."  
 "Hey, that's great." The tension in Robyn's eyes left at the reassurance
  that they would not be refused. "Thanks." She hugged Torin before turning to
  hug Isis. "Thanks Lady, you have no idea how good it is to know where we are
  going."  
 Isis did not stay longer than was needed to bid them all a fond farewell,
  and extract several promises from Azrael, now that they were known to each
  other again, to keep her abreast of how things were in his home.  
 Once she was gone, the house exploded into many voices, all talking at once.
  Azrael allowed the relief of shock, stress, and joy for several minutes before
  calling it to a halt. "Enough children." He was no longer simply chuckling,
  but laughing full throatily. "So Megel, what do you think of your great-aunt?
  You have not seen her since you were a Childe."  
 Michael smiled in fond memory of what he had known, and what was now so
  obviously still the same. "She is just as she has always been to me Azrael. 'Great,
  grand, and glorious  .  "  
 "I didn't know any female Kin were still alive that were as old as she,
  other than Diana." David was floored. He had seen, heard, and honored an Elder
  so wonderfully beautiful and gracious that he almost worshipped her as much
  as his own Sire. "You really didn't know that she still lived?"  
 Azrael shrugged, a habit he had taken from Jason, his Childe's Chosen. "I
  have always hoped and assumed that if she had died, I would feel something  ,
  but no I was not sure. So I did not dwell upon the thoughts." He pulled Morgan
  back against him. Pleased to see that she was eager to be there.  
 "Well I think she's neat as all hell." Morgan snuggled in his arms. "Now,
  my turn."  
 "You are a greedy thing. You know that, do you not?" It was over. He now
  knew, for certain, that the ancient Elder who was his aunt lived. His home
  had been strengthened and life would go on better and more settled than it
  had been in years. "Megel." He turned his attention for a brief moment back
  to his eldest. "I am taking my girl here and seeing that she is rewarded as
  befits her efforts. See to it that the rest are settled and that those on the
  Hall are seen to, and fed."  
 Michael nodded. He should have known that once it was over, Azrael would
  seek a quiet corner with one of his bunch. It could not be easy on him, having
  so many outside Kin in his home. He needed to relax. "You go take care of yourself
  Azrael, I will see to your domain."  
 And he could not help himself, so often today had he been reminded that
  to some he was still the youngling. That the one shot was impossible to pass
  up. "Thank you Megel, you have always been such a good Childe." With that he
  and Morgan faded from the room, just before Michael could react.  
  
 After they left, David chuckled. "I know someone who is going to walk bow
  legged for days." He commented with a nod in the direction that both Azrael
  and Morgan had gone.  
 "Yes, but she will be happy." Michael went to take care of all that needed
  to be dealt with before taking his three and heading for his rest. "Remind
  me, tomorrow, that I need to track down another for the Hall. I am taking Benjamin.
  He's the last of the first eight, and I think he has paid for his crimes." The
  he grinned. "Besides, I will need a new pet soon enough, my boy over there
  is going to be my Son before the week is out."  
 Jason looked up from where he and Joseph sat playing with Amber. "Master?"  
 "You heard me Jay, by the end of the week, latest, you will be my Childe.
  I have been reminded this evening how much the Lines need to grow in numbers."  
 Jason sat there stunned as Michael left the room to go tend to the nine
  feeders that they kept. He was going to be a vampire soon. He had such a hard
  time believing, after only three years, that Michael was going to go ahead
  and go all the way.  
 There was no question about him wanting it. He had been, wanting it, from
  that first night that he had learned that he would, one day, be Michael's Childe.
  It wasn't even the knowledge that he would probably be real sick for a good
  week that bothered him. It was simply that he was having a difficult time assimilating
  what was with what would be. "I'm gonna be like you." He whispered to Joseph.  
 Joseph hugged him. "That's right, and it will be really great having a little
  brother, that is as close to my age as you are." He grinned. "You know I should
  be bent out of shape. I haven't been Megel's for even a full three years yet
  and already he is taking on another. But I'm not. I'm thrilled for you."  
 "Megel is much older than I am Jay." David sat beside them. "I didn't take
  care of Cain when he was my Childe, I was still too wrapped up in Lil, but
  I am sure that your Sire won't have near the problems I did. I am beginning
  to believe that between Azrael and him, that there is damn near nothing that
  they can't do."  
 Amber pulled closer to him. "I for one, and glad to know that you are being
  taken out of the running. Like Azrael said, as soon as you become Megel's Childe,
  I become first, pet, with him. I happen to like the thought of being first
  in something for once." She teased, kissing him. "Congratulations Jason."  
CHAPTER 2 
   The cold that announces all travelers from the Dark
  Paths filled the room as Azrael returned Titania as he had sworn. 
 Cerberus was first delighted, then stunned, as yet a third emerged. His
  delight rapidly swung to fury as he recognized yet 'another'  of
  the Lined Elders. "Who is that?" He hissed pointed to Isis. 
 Titania moved to place herself before the tiny Elder. "Watch it Cerberus." She
  gave him a single warning. "This is the only one out of five Elder's on the
  council that backed me. The others would have let my Sire's killer get away
  with it." Her voice was low, and full of threat. She might not be able to even
  cause the Covenstead Master so much as a moment's grief, but if he came at
  the ancient old woman, she was going to try. 
 He growled. "Damn you Azrael. I told you, did I not? 'I did not',   want    another    of    the
  Lined    blood ,  most especially
  not one of the, 'Elders',  knowing where I live." He glared
  at Isis. 
 Azrael shook his head in exasperation as he grabbed his arm. "I have fought
  enough for your rights today, Childe, that you should try to show some graciousness." The
  threat was there, clear and clean. Covenstead law, or no Covenstead law he
  would not be called to task by this Fledgling, a mere Childe. "This is one
  of, 'my'  blood. She is the sister of my Sire." He lifted
  a slim finger. "And, she was the only, Elder, at that Tribunal that had final
  say in your little Charges fate." He pulled Cerberus forward to face her, refusing
  to be ignored. "Hate it as you might. 'She',   is the
  one Elder that you should be overjoyed to have within these walls. And you, 'will',  show
  her the respect due her by her age and her wisdom." The tone of his voice allowed
  no argument, as he forced Cerberus to his knee. He understood Cerberus's fear,
  and pains, but to take the attitude that all Elders are evil. No. That he could
  not accept. 
 Cerberus felt a brief, burning flash of fear. Covenstead law or no, here,
  now, he would bow, be forced to bend. "Forgive me," he whispered the words. "My
  apologies, Mistress." 
 Isis just smiled. "Oh, Azrael, do let the boy be. If we have failed in our
  duties as badly as it does seem we have. Is there any wonder, why he does not
  want those of the Line's in his realm?" Her hand touched Azrael's where it
  still held Cerberus's shoulder. 
 Azrael nodded, "Sorry, Covenstead Master, it just seems as I have done nothing
  but fight for you and yours for so long. Your caution hit me as ingratitude." He
  patted the younger Kin's arm. "Now, where is Morgan?" 
 Eris looked up from the card game he was playing with Morgan, at the new
  voices. Titania was back, and with her came his little charges Master. He did
  not know what to be happier about. The fact that Titania was back and alive,
  or that Azrael had come back and he would be able to relinquish his baby-sitting
  job. 
 He folded his hand smiling. "Card game is over dear, your Master has returned
  for you. Why don't you go on and hurry back to him. I'll put this stuff away." 
 Morgan wasn't used to the layout of the house. It was not like anywhere
  she had lived, past or present. So she backtracked her steps through rooms
  filled with Kin carefully seeking, the, living room once again. 
 The decor wasn't bad at all. True it was nothing like she had become accustomed
  to living with Azrael, but it was better decorated than her old home had been. 
 But there were too many damned rooms, she kept getting turned around, trying
  to remember which room was which. She should have paid more attention to where
  she was going when she left the main room. If she had, she wouldn't have ended
  up as lost as she was now. 
 She was going to need help. Like it or not, she needed help to find where
  she was going. "Uh," she reached out and tapped a young looking man on the
  shoulder. "I hate to bug you, but how do I navigate in this place?" 
 Blond hair, dark brown eyes, in a face that marked him a hunk in her mind,
  brightened with a grin turned to meet hers. "And just who might you be?" A
  tone, as bright as the smile, "you're not one of us, and I think I know all
  the mortals here, did one of the crew slip you in while I wasn't looking?" He
  reached up and brushed her cheek with his fingers. "I think I might just be
  jealous." 
 Several other Rogue's laughed behind him. "Mike, that's the Elder's girl." One
  of the other men in the room shook his head. "You don't remember?" 
 "Ah," now it made sense. "I didn't see her when she came in. I was out." The
  merriment in his eyes didn't change as he looked back at her. "I'm sorry, I
  didn't know." He stroked her cheek again. "What's your name honey?" 
 She didn't feel any bad vibes from him, he felt a lot like Joseph felt,
  warm, safe and good. And as used to vampires as she was, his flirting with
  her didn't even bother her. "Morgan." She held out a hand. "Now, could you
  please tell me how to get back to where I started this day at?" 
 He chuckled. "Do better than that, pretty girl, I'll lead the way." He offered
  her his arm. "I know just how you feel. When Cerberus first brought me here,
  it took me days to find my way around. Just be glad you don't have to live
  here." 
 "Why not?" She didn't understand his statement. Was it meant as a warning
  or a threat? 
 It was neither. "Because, my dear," he escorted her into the main portion
  of the house. "Then you would have to learn how to navigate here, and it was
  a bitch for me, and I'm a vampire. It takes new mortals, weeks to learn all
  the places in this maze." 
 Her helper, forgotten Morgan squealed as she released his arm and rushed
  to her Master. "You got back." It felt so good to be back in his arms. She
  had been so worried. 
 "Yes precious," it was difficult not to laugh at the relief in her face. "Did
  you think I would abandon you here?" He hugged her. "Silly thing, you are my
  Chosen." 
 Cerberus was having trouble absorbing all the things happening in his home. "As
  you see Azrael, I kept my word. She's returned to you, no worse for staying
  here." 
 "Yes," Azrael squeezed her once more before letting her go. "I did not doubt
  your word Childe, just your refusal to listen to reason." Then to Morgan, "sweet,
  allow me to introduce you to my Sire's sister, my aunt, Isis." 
 Large brown eyes in a small beautiful oval face greeted her as she turned
  to look at the woman who was so old, that even her Master was a Childe compared
  to her. "Umm," okay, what should she say? "I-I am honored, your Ladyship. It
  is good to meet you. I didn't know there were any older than my Master." 
 The soft deep mellow chuckle was soothing. "Not many little one, but a few." She
  turned to Azrael. "No power here, but what a darling Childe she will make regardless
  of the lack of Magecraft abilities." She was impressed with her nephew's good
  fortune. "But then you always did have the devils luck when it came to your
  young." 
 Azrael smiled down at Morgan. "Yes, she is as precious and as dear as any
  Childe I have ever given my blood to." She glowed under his praise. Preening
  and blushing at the same time. It was the one thing she liked most about living
  with her master. She never had to wonder what he thought or felt about her.
  She knew he would tell her. That constant, almost parental, support was what
  had helped her heal and grow over the years. 
 "Pity that Osiris no longer walks among us." Isis looked upon her brothers
  Childe fondly, as he lost himself in the young mortal's eyes. "He was never
  anything but proud of you." 
 "Aye, I miss him still, though he has been gone from me since just after
  I pushed my First-Born from my home, to learn to be adult." Over a thousand
  years and it still hurt. Would he ever stop missing the man who made him what
  he was, and through him many others? 
 A soft clearing of a throat brought them back to the here and now, and away
  from memories better left in the past, where they belong. "Excuse me, Elders," Cerberus
  stood there, Eris at his side, both watching them closely. "But if it is all
  the same to you Azrael," he bowed his head at the elder Kin. He had been forced
  to bend once in his own home tonight, already. He didn't want to repeat the
  shame. "I have kept my word, your Chosen there is returned to you safe and
  in as good a condition as you left her. Thank you for standing for Titania,
  for seeing that she got the justice that she needed. But again, I must ask
  you, to leave. My Brood, have come to accept that you will not do them wrong,
  and through you, we can even accept the near immortal there. But as you know,
  not all those in my home are my Brood." 
 There were murmurs of agreement from all around the room, with one exception.
  The young Kin that had led Morgan back to the main room shook his head. "Scuse
  me, Master." He looked to Cerberus, merriment dancing in his eyes. "But, like
  it or not, we owe them at least something of a welcome." 
 Cerberus looked at him. It was Zephyr, putting his two cents in. He should
  have known. This one was the one and only that he had given the Gift to in
  the last twenty years. And as the baby of the family, the Fledgling had always
  felt safer to speak as he felt. Knowing that approve or not, none of his elder
  brothers, nor his Sire, or his Sire's Husband would allow him to be really
  harmed. "Zeph, I didn't know you had made it back from your hunt. Any luck
  in your search?" His tone was light, but there was warning in his eyes. 
 The boy was looking for a new pet. He had decided that all the ones in the
  house belonged to others, and he couldn't keep filching blood from his Sire
  or his brothers. 
 Zephyr chuckled moving to throw, himself, into a chair, completely missing
  his sire's warning glare. "Nope, came up empty handed again. It's hard to find
  one that fits the bill, ya know?" He looked both Azrael and Isis over. "So
  rumor has it that Titania's trial went well. She's back, and whole. So how
  come you're standing there acting like we're about to go to war?" 
   Eris could have kissed the boy. He too had been wondering
  for days why his lover was so bent about this. They were Rogues. There was
  nothing that could be done to dispute this. But on the same token so far the
  Elder, who had come after Set and made him pay for his crimes, hadn't made
  any moves that could be read as threatening in any way. Even after forcing
  his husband to bend, was willing to beg pardon for his loss of temper. "You
  know Cerberus, your son has a valid question. Why are we refusing any connection
  between us, and the other Covenstead? Obviously they follow the Laws. Titania
  would be dead by now. You in chains, if they didn't. What is the hang-up?" 
 Cerberus turned to glare at his husband. * How dare you question
        me, here like this? *     His thoughts
        battered at Eris's. 
 * Well stop acting like a fool, and I won't question you. You
        know how I feel about this. I am ashamed. This Elder has done nothing
        to earn your hatred, if anything he has worked to do all that he can
        to make us feel safe and that he would back you. I won't just stand back,
        silent, and let you shame me  . *   He
        held his head up, eyes locked with Cerberus's. * Will you
        force his hand? Will I lose my Husband and Sire? *  Not
        a sound was heard in the room as the two Kin faced each other. Both believing,
        that they were right. And both trying to make the other see in a silent
        battle of wills. It did not go well for the house when these two fought.
        Any who had been at the Covenstead for more than a few decades had learned.
        Cerberus and Eris, almost never fought, but on the rare occasion they,
        did, it was best to get out of their way. 
 Mike as all but, Cerberus and Eris knew him, cleared his throat trying to
  break the stalemate. "I'm sorry, Father, didn't mean to cause this fuss." He'd
  get his ears boxed in if this kept up much longer. "I'll take myself and my
  mouth out of here." He moved to leave, but Eris wouldn't let him. "Do I have
  to?" He began to swear softly at the curt nod. "Shit." 
 Morgan tugged at Azrael's sleeve. "Az, maybe we need go, hu?" She had been
  with Azrael and his folks for almost three years now, and she knew what the
  look on Cerberus's face meant. He was mad, and as soon as they left, someone
  was going to get an attitude adjustment. 
 "Yes, Azrael, your Chosen is right, we need leave these to their own lives.
  Enough disruption for one evening." Isis wanted no more chaos. She had had
  quite enough for one night. 
 He nodded. "Yes, you both are right. No need in standing here listening
  to what is obviously a lovers quarrel." He moved to break the two up. "Excuse
  me, Coven Master, but there is not need for this. We are leaving. On your word,
  that there be peace between our houses." 
 Cerberus turned from Eris, "On one condition Elder. Your word that neither
  you, nor any of the Elders you are tied to return here. Your coven members,
  and mine are welcome to inter mix, but 'you, and those like you'  stay
  out." There was an embarrassed anger in his voice, one that had it not been
  so important to keep the peace, Azrael would have laughed at. 
 Both Eris and Zephyr rolled their eyes. It was obvious that it was going
  to take them a little time to warm their lover/Sire, to the idea of having
  the Lines in their life again. 
 Azrael bowed. "Though I can not speak for any but myself, I give my word,
  I will violate your home no more with out your permission." He looked to Isis,
  who nodded smiling. "You have both our words Cerberus, but know this." His
  tone was a breath above a threat. "As you have said, I too will allow my Fledglings,
  and those who seek protection in my home to visit with those here. But should
  the day come that any in my care are harmed. My agreement is ended." And with
  that, all three faded from the room. 
 Eris sighed in relief. " 'Well that'  could have gone
  better." He hit Cerberus. "When will you learn to lighten up. In case you have
  forgotten, that 'particular'  Elder, has not only stood
  by one of us, but also dealt with getting rid of a little problem of yours." Though
  he was shorter than Cerberus, his lack of size had never slowed him down in
  any way. "Or haven't you figured it out yet. Had Azrael not killed Set, it
  would only have been a matter of time before he would have challenged you.
  And you know what might have happened then." Then there was, pain and fear
  in his eyes. "And to challenge him, I do not want to be a widower." He almost
  sobbed. "I have no life without you, please, don't let your own stupidity be
  the end to ours." 
 Like it or not, Cerberus could not argue the point with his husband. Set
  had been pushing those last few months. He might have challenged him, and had
  he lost, not only would the Covenstead been lost to him, but his lover and
  Children become nothing more than Set's slave. "Okay, baby, I'll give it some
  thought." He bent a little. "Though I have to tell you, it is going to take
  a little time to get used to this again." His lips brushed Eris's, "I'm sorry
  for scaring you baby. Just got away from myself, that's all, like I said, give
  me a little time." 
 Eris nodded, sighing in relief. "Well, love," he could feel the tension
  in his husband's body. "Aren't we lucky that, that one particular commodity,
  has been given back to us." 
 Cerberus turned to look at Zephyr, the smile on his face fading. "You on
  the other hand." The look on his face promised harsh retribution. "Looks like
  I am going to have to teach you to keep you mouth out of my business, again." He
  hated when he had to punish any of his children, but this one most of all. "Strip,
  then go over there and lean against the wall." 
 Eris lay a hand on Cerberus's arm. "Are you going to hurt him like last
  time?" He wouldn't try to stop him, he had learned a long time ago, that, fighting
  with him when he was like this only promised whichever Childe had earned punishment,
  would be hurt more. 
 Cerberus shook his head. "No, I don't feel like living with you throwing
  knives at me with every glare. I'll whip him, chain him downstairs and then
  I'll think." He began to unbuckle the belt at his waist as Zephyr stripped. "Go
  on with you boy. When are you going to learn," the first blow fell, even as
  the Fledgling leaned against the wall. 
 Zephyr struggled not to cry out as the first was quickly followed by a second,
  third, fourth and more. His Sire was angry, and he would suffer for it. 
 "Poor, love," Eris shook his head, talking to no one inparticular as he
  watched Cerberus reduce his Childe to a bleeding huddled mass on the floor. "I
  don't know what is going to hurt Cerberus more, the humiliation of having to
  publicly bend to another, or the shame he is going to feel at his taking it
  out on Zeph." 
* * * 
   Morgan shivered to herself as the returned to their
  home. Everything had been returned back to normal and it felt like home again.
  Everyone was so calm, so relaxed. Not even Jason who had been worried about
  her earlier this evening, was bothered in the least as she moved to where Azrael
  sat, nodding to Isis to take her seat as well. "So, Az," she pulled up into
  his lap. Her little mouth, soft against his, promising sweetness. "I did like
  you asked. You promised me your full, complete and undivided attention when
  we got back here, if I behaved myself. I'm holding you to that promise." She
  understood that her Master would, of course, want to spend time with his relative,
  and yet she had followed his directions to the letter, with the promise of
  a night of him, and no one else, as a reward if she were good. 
 He chuckled. "When have you ever known me to break a promise, sweet?" He
  gave Isis a knowing  look before looking back down at
  him, lovingly. "I spoil you, and you know it." 
 She giggled as he bit along her throat. "To the core." He could keep doing
  this for the rest of eternity. She loved him, and as long as he held her, the
  world was right and there was a tomorrow. 
 "I can only stay briefly little sister, so if you will wait, I need to bid
  my nephew a fond farewell." Isis knew her brother, and in knowing him as well
  as she had, was not at all surprised at Azrael's excesses. If anything, had
  Azrael put off his Chosen, she would have wondered. 
 They both sighed. "Yes, Elder," it was amusing in a way. He was almost four
  thousand years old, and still having to bend to those older than he was. It
  was not something that happened often. "You will not stay, share these delightful
  darlings with me?" 
 "No, I too have a pet. Unlike you, who still need so much, I feed out of
  need once, mayhaps twice, a year." She smiled as Morgan and several others
  in the room gaped at her in amazement. 
 A movement from the, shadowy, corner. "Excuse me." Joseph cleared his throat. "But
  Lady, if you only need to feed about once every six months or so, why keep
  a mortal? 
 The bell like ring of her laughter seemed to fill the room with music. "I
  said, out of need  . But even one as young as you, must
  know that the feeding is not all for need. I am a quiet woman. The lad I have
  is all I need. Unlike you youngling's who must feed so often that unless you
  keep a house full, you will be forced to hunt. I only need one. And at my age,
  the fewer distractions the better." She rose to stand. "I must leave you now
  dearest. I know where you live once more and we will be together again, soon,
  but for now I must go." 
 They all understood what she meant. Usually, by the time Kin reached her
  age most of them, they lived alone. Disturbing no one, and allowing no one
  to disturb them. The very concept that a Elder Kin who was nearing her ten
  thousandth year, and was willing to still keep a mortal, and speak to those
  around her, was something of a surprise. "Aye, and I know that you are near." He
  released Morgan as he stood to bid his aunt and Elder farewell. "It has been
  too long. I was no longer sure you still lived. When my Sire died, I lost my
  tie with you, and no longer felt your life as I had once." 
 Though Azrael was not by, modern standards, a tall man, the little Elder
  Kin was tiny in his arms. A feeling of almost having his Sire with him once
  again swept over him as she returned his kiss, reaffirming the old ties and
  connections. "Do not stay gone so long this time, Isis, now that I know that
  you live, I would welcome you gladly, with joy and love, within the walls of
  my domain." 
 Soft, large, brown eyes smiled up into his as she laughed again. "Aye, I
  have missed you as well little one. And though I never once in all my years,
  ever, expected to be reintroduced to you as I was, I am glad I have been." 
   Robyn rolled her eyes. "You know something." She
  whispered to her soul-bonded. "You would think with the way they are acting,
  that none of them has ever run up on anyone who has been out of their lives
  for a long time." She laughed as Torin swatted her. 
 "Hush, I think it's sweet. And just think. We got a great-aunt now, and
  once we have pulled our hundred years here, it's a place to go." He was a planner,
  and knowing that there was another of their Master's line still, out, there,
  that they could call upon other than Michael was refreshing. "Besides, how
  many Female Elders are there anyway? I've seen two so far, and one of them
  we didn't even know existed, but now that we do." 
 She nodded. "You do have a point there, pretty face. Kin is so male oriented,
  that it would be rather cool to have a Lady Elder to hang with." She had been
  considering David's Sire, but with the renewed awareness of their blood Kin,
  it changed things. "Only question we still have, is, would she take us? You
  got to admit, even though she don't look a day over maybe thirty-five, she's
  old." 
 Isis turned smiling at the two. "I heard that." And the smile turned to,
  out right laughter, as the two sputtered apologies. "Hush, both of you. I am
  old. Even Kin ages eventually. Now what is the question that the two of you
  were discussing in regards to me?" 
 Robyn looked to Torin with a, 'you wanna say it, or shall I'  ,
  look. He nodded to her. She was female after all. 
 "Umm." She thought hard on how to put this forth. They were not even vampires
  yet, and already they were planning on where to run when Azrael threw them
  out. "It's not important. Just running over possible hiding spots when we wear
  out the welcome here." 
 Azrael chuckled. "Those two, as you see, are both Magi, as well as my Chosen.
  And it would seem that they are making plans for their future. Though I have
  not even made them my Fledglings yet. I am waiting until I believe that one
  can live through the beginnings of the other's transformation." It was rather
  amusing. And he knew exactly which of the two have begun the planning. "Torin,
  the boy, is a planner. He tries so very hard to leave nothing to chance." 
 Isis nodded. "And where have I seen that trait before, I must wonder." Though
  the thought of having not one, but two young adults under her roof was neither
  wanted or peaceful, she had to admit to herself that when the time came, it
  might just be pleasant. "And I am being considered by these two?" 
 "Torin, he is ever conscious of his bond mates needs. There are far too
  few of her gender in the Lines. So she is, of course, seeking an elder female
  Kin to finish her training under once she has served her time here with me.
  Sharra has been considered, and has agreed with me that for Robyn's own emotional
  stability that she would accept them, but now." 
 She nodded before looking back, to, the two, youngling's, who, held, their,
  breaths. "I, must, warn you children, I am old. Living with me will not always
  be easy, so set in my ways am I, but" she smiled at them. "If when the day
  comes, you seek me out, I will not turn you away. I owe my nephew that much.
  I would never ban a Childe of his from my protection." 
 "Hey, that's great." The tension in Robyn's eyes left at the reassurance
  that they would not be refused. "Thanks." She hugged Torin before turning to
  hug Isis. "Thanks Lady, you have no idea how good it is to know where we are
  going." 
 Isis did not stay longer than was needed to bid them all a fond farewell,
  and extract several promises from Azrael, now that they were known to each
  other again, to keep her abreast of how things were in his home. 
 Once she was gone, the house exploded into many voices, all talking at once.
  Azrael allowed the relief of shock, stress, and joy for several minutes before
  calling it to a halt. "Enough children." He was no longer simply chuckling,
  but laughing full throatily. "So Megel, what do you think of your great-aunt?
  You have not seen her since you were a Childe." 
 Michael smiled in fond memory of what he had known, and what was now so
  obviously still the same. "She is just as she has always been to me Azrael. 'Great,
  grand, and glorious  .  " 
 "I didn't know any female Kin were still alive that were as old as she,
  other than Diana." David was floored. He had seen, heard, and honored an Elder
  so wonderfully beautiful and gracious that he almost worshipped her as much
  as his own Sire. "You really didn't know that she still lived?" 
 Azrael shrugged, a habit he had taken from Jason, his Childe's Chosen. "I
  have always hoped and assumed that if she had died, I would feel something  ,
  but no I was not sure. So I did not dwell upon the thoughts." He pulled Morgan
  back against him. Pleased to see that she was eager to be there. 
 "Well I think she's neat as all hell." Morgan snuggled in his arms. "Now,
  my turn." 
 "You are a greedy thing. You know that, do you not?" It was over. He now
  knew, for certain, that the ancient Elder who was his aunt lived. His home
  had been strengthened and life would go on better and more settled than it
  had been in years. "Megel." He turned his attention for a brief moment back
  to his eldest. "I am taking my girl here and seeing that she is rewarded as
  befits her efforts. See to it that the rest are settled and that those on the
  Hall are seen to, and fed." 
 Michael nodded. He should have known that once it was over, Azrael would
  seek a quiet corner with one of his bunch. It could not be easy on him, having
  so many outside Kin in his home. He needed to relax. "You go take care of yourself
  Azrael, I will see to your domain." 
 And he could not help himself, so often today had he been reminded that
  to some he was still the youngling. That the one shot was impossible to pass
  up. "Thank you Megel, you have always been such a good Childe." With that he
  and Morgan faded from the room, just before Michael could react. 
 After they left, David chuckled. "I know someone who is going to walk bow
  legged for days." He commented with a nod in the direction that both Azrael
  and Morgan had gone. 
 "Yes, but she will be happy." Michael went to take care of all that needed
  to be dealt with before taking his three and heading for his rest. "Remind
  me, tomorrow, that I need to track down another for the Hall. I am taking Benjamin.
  He's the last of the first eight, and I think he has paid for his crimes." The
  he grinned. "Besides, I will need a new pet soon enough, my boy over there
  is going to be my Son before the week is out." 
 Jason looked up from where he and Joseph sat playing with Amber. "Master?" 
 "You heard me Jay, by the end of the week, latest, you will be my Childe.
  I have been reminded this evening how much the Lines need to grow in numbers." 
 Jason sat there stunned as Michael left the room to go tend to the nine
  feeders that they kept. He was going to be a vampire soon. He had such a hard
  time believing, after only three years, that Michael was going to go ahead
  and go all the way. 
 There was no question about him wanting it. He had been, wanting it, from
  that first night that he had learned that he would, one day, be Michael's Childe.
  It wasn't even the knowledge that he would probably be real sick for a good
  week that bothered him. It was simply that he was having a difficult time assimilating
  what was with what would be. "I'm gonna be like you." He whispered to Joseph. 
 Joseph hugged him. "That's right, and it will be really great having a little
  brother, that is as close to my age as you are." He grinned. "You know I should
  be bent out of shape. I haven't been Megel's for even a full three years yet
  and already he is taking on another. But I'm not. I'm thrilled for you." 
 "Megel is much older than I am Jay." David sat beside them. "I didn't take
  care of Cain when he was my Childe, I was still too wrapped up in Lil, but
  I am sure that your Sire won't have near the problems I did. I am beginning
  to believe that between Azrael and him, that there is damn near nothing that
  they can't do." 
 Amber pulled closer to him. "I for one, and glad to know that you are being
  taken out of the running. Like Azrael said, as soon as you become Megel's Childe,
  I become first, pet, with him. I happen to like the thought of being first
  in something for once." She teased, kissing him. "Congratulations Jason." 
 CHAPTER 3 
 Ben sat up as the door opened. "Master," his voice soft. 
 "Good evening, pet." Michael moved to sit on the edge of the bed smiling
  at him. "I hope you didn't think you would be left out." 
 Ben shrugged. "It's late, I figured that what with all the noise I heard
  earlier that you all would be too busy to worry about us." He held out his
  hand, and the cold metal band that held him, chained to the bed, was released. 
 "Azrael is busy. But you should have known that Vincent or I would have
  made sure that you were taken care of. You're blood bonded to us now." The
  boy wasn't shy. Over the last year, since Azrael had first blood bonded with
  the feeders, Ben had become more and more friendly. And Michael approved of
  that friendliness. It wasn't but just, under a year ago, when if he had come
  into this room, he would have been met with fear. Now, now that their blood
  had begun to work on the mortal in his arms, he was greeted with a willingness
  that was delightful. "Are you thirsty tonight?" 
 Ben nodded, looking down. "Have you made up your mind yet, Master?" 
 Michael looked up at him as he unbuttoned his shirt. "My mind about what,
  Ben?" 
 The boy sighed. "Nothing." He had been stupid. Michael had hinted that he
  was considering taking him out of this. "I just thought, well yesterday, you
  said." 
 "Ah," Michael pulled a knife from his boot. "Well, yes, I have made up my
  mind. It is why I took your chain off. It would be damned hard to take you
  with me if I had to drag the bed along down the hall." 
 Ben looked up at him, stunned. "Really?" His voice cracked in amazement. 
 Michael chuckled. "Yes, really. I don't tend to make promises that I won't
  keep." He set the boy back on the bed. "Now I want you to listen to me." He
  took the boy's hand. "You have to understand some things. I am not the only
  Kin that you will answer too." 
 "I know. I was warned last night." Ben bit his lip. 
 "No, not just the Kin here, in the house, but both Cain and soon to be Jason
  as well. They will be as much your Master's as I, for I am taking you as our
  pet." He looked him over. "Do you understand what I am saying?" 
 Ben nodded. He had over the last ten months come to accept what they made
  him feel. "Will they bite me too?" 
 Michael shook his head. "No, or at least not for a while. Cain is still
  locked to me, not that he can't stand alone now, but he is still healing from
  a past trauma and I will not push him away until he is ready, and Jason is
  still only, Chosen. It will be some time down the road. But they will you understand
  that. Eventually they will." 
 Ben sighed, again. "Okay, I can live with that. As long as you promise me
  that I get out of here." He had learned over the last year that honesty wasn't
  punished for here, only if he tried to be stupid and play head games did he
  get the shit beat out of him. 
 "Do you want to go to bed now, or after you drink from me?" 
 Ben looked at him, hoping beyond all hope. "I got a choice?" 
 Michael laughed softly, reaching out to tousle the boy's hair. "Sure you
  do, pet. As of now, you are no longer just one of the, Hall, but my pet. If
  you would just as soon get out of here as fast as you can, I will take you
  to where the rest are waiting, and will see to you there. But if you need a
  few more minutes of privacy, then-" he smiled. "I am a patient man." 
 He could get out of here. Okay so he would have to get used to getting fucked
  a lot, but that was okay, he could deal with that, hell if what he felt when
  they drank from him was any indication, he would like it a whole lot. "If it's
  all the same to you, Master, can we get out of here." 
 Michael sheathed the blade and stood, holding out a hand to him. "By all
  means, let's go to bed." 
* * * 
 Morgan moaned softly as Azrael's fangs broke through the flesh of her neck.
  It had been a scary day, and she was so happy to have lived through it all.
  But more than that, she was overjoyed that she was here, with this man that
  loved her and would always love her. 
 "You are still the sweetest of my darlings." He cradled her against him. "I
  am quite sure that there has never been a child so loving and delightful." 
 She giggled. "You ain't seen nothing yet." She lightly bit his right nipple
  and then his left. Fingers moving up the inside of his thigh, before capturing
  his erection in a grip, that, had he been mortal, would have brought blinding
  pain. As he was not, it only added to the pleasure that he was already feeling
  at her willingness to love. 
 "You do realize that if you keep that up, you will be forced to finish this." He
  warned playfully. 
 "Not yet." She kissed the flatness of his belly. "Not before I finish," she
  looked up at him. "Please." 
 It took every ounce of self-control he had, not to pull her back up to him,
  push her, back, and bury himself into her sweet sex. But he only smiled and
  nodded. "I am, as always, all yours pet. Have fun." 
 As she went to blow him, she remembered the first time he had had her do
  this. She had been so shy, and at the time, had no clue what all this was about.
  But now, as she looked back on the last three years that she had been with
  him. She was more than just glad he had decided to take her into his care.
  At moments like this, she was ecstatic. 
 Azrael closed his eyes, sighing as the warmth of her mouth captured him.
  This was so sweet. She was such a delightfully physical creature. Wanting only
  to please and be pleased. She was made to be Kin, and as she reached to tease
  his with thrusting fingers, as she nipped and pulled on his scrotum he decided
  that, once he had gotten both Torin and Robyn through their first year, she
  would be next. 
 " 'Enough'  ." he reached for her. "You drive me mad." There
  was no shyness, no hesitation, as her legs parted and she welcomed him between
  her thighs. "You are mine." He thrust down, eyes blazing as his power flowed
  over her. "Today, tomorrow, and forever." * You are mine  !
  *  
 *Yes  , *  she responded
  sobbing against his lips as his thrusts began to pound into her with force
  and passion that was just shy of painful. The knowledge of his complete domination
  over her did nothing but drive the joy and pleasure that she felt, anytime
  he held her farther still. 
* * * 
 Ben looked around the room as Michael pulled him into it. There were others
  here. But he had figured they would be. What he hadn't counted on was how young
  they looked. He had gotten used to the vampires that were around him looking
  young, but not young  . But as he looked first to the
  vampire on the bed, and then to the guy beside him, who was holding a woman,
  he realized that they were young, really young. 
 "So this is the one you keep talking about." Joseph grinned. "Hi Ben. I
  bet you never thought you would end up here, did you?" 
 Ben looked at him, unsure how to answer that. "No, but then I didn't think
  that I'd end up on anyone's menu either." He looked to Michael. "Master?" He
  had tried to get away with not addressing them as, Master, just once, and after
  the beating he had got, he decided that it was easier to just use the damn
  word. 
 "Go on boy, go crawl into bed with them. I'm here for you, and I won't forget
  you tonight." He finished undressing as Ben went to let them pull him up with
  them. 
 "So, pet," Michael sat beside him. "Before I begin with you. How much of
  a virgin are you?" He had not yet taken the boy, and as far as he knew, none
  of the others had either. Choosing instead only to ease the needs with his
  hands and mouth, so far. 
 Ben blushed. "Well," he looked anywhere but at the man that was looking
  at him. "Back before, you know, I came here. I had a girl friend. We fooled
  around, a, lot  ." He was on fire as he, blushed, a deeper
  shade of red. 
 "No pet, has any of your Masters here done more than just touch you?" 
 Ben shrugged. "You, and David, and the Elder, but no one else, and then
  all you have done is get me off." Then, in a softer whisper, "I had to blow
  the Elder once." 
 Michael nodded. "Had to pet?" 
 He nodded. "He told me to, and he'd already beat me that day, so I wasn't
  going to argue the point with him. But that was back when I first got here." He
  wasn't going to point out that they all had, at that time still been living
  in the basement, and had lived in fear that one of them would be next to suffer.
  He remembered Casey, and what was done to him. But he didn't know if they knew
  that Casey had not been the first victim, only the most abused. He had never
  been raped, but he had been beat six separate times. Once by the Elder, three
  times by Derrick and once by both Michael and David. Of the six, he had to
  admit that three of them he earned. But the other three had been uncalled for,
  and more brutal, but that was all over now, he had not been beat in close to
  eight month, and now he was off the Hall and safe. 
 Michael resisted the urge to coddle the boy. Poor lad actually thought that
  they were unaware of what had happened. That once they had brought them upstairs,
  that the crimes done against them would still be secrets. "Are you afraid?" 
 He nodded. "Yeah, a little." He had watched Casey get fucked over real,
  bad, back then. And though he was pretty sure that that wasn't going to happen
  to him, he had to be honest with himself. Getting fucked, up the ass, had to
  hurt. 
 Michael reached for him. "I won't hurt you. You can ask Jason, Cain and
  Amber. They will attest that I am a gentle man." He kissed him. "Now you and
  I will bond. And you will belong to me, body and soul." 
 Ben cried out at the flash of pain shot through him, before the feelings
  of pleasure and desire took him. It shouldn't be like this. Being a living
  breathing buffet shouldn't be this good. But as he felt the gentle pull of
  Michael's mouth as he drank he loved it. 
 Michael chuckled as he pulled away, trying to disengage himself from the
  boy in his arms. "Easy goes it there, pet. I'm not going anywhere." 
 "What's next?" Ben tried to relax, but it wasn't easy. His whole world seemed
  to be centered on this strange and wonderful creature that held him. "You gonna
  do it now?" 
 There was soft laughter in the room as both Joseph and Jason could sympathize
  with Ben. They both had been where he was, and they knew how badly he was aching
  for something, a something that he didn't quite understand yet. 
 "Poor kid." Joseph reached out to ruffle his hair. "Go on Megel. If you
  wait much longer, he's going to be in sad shape." 
 "Is that so, Ben?" Michael reached for the blade again. "Do you want to
  go forward?" 'Jupiter's Balls, but I want this boy'.  He
  thought to himself, drawing the blade across his chest, over his left breast. "Go
  on baby, drink." 
 It never changed. This wonderful feeling that he was getting. If anything
  it only got better, the more that he did it. If it would only last longer,
  he would be happier. But it never did. No matter how quickly he moved to catch
  the blood, or how hard to sucked. The most he had ever gotten was three quick
  sips, but oh what a great thing it was. And as hands began to roam his body,
  touching, stroking, pulling and teasing, he just gave in and accepted the reality
  of this. 
 Michael pushed him back, pressing him into the bed, laying over him. "You
  three, play while I welcome our newest pet." His eyes never left Ben's. "Later,
  we can all play together. But for now, I think it is better that it be just
  him and me." 
 "Michael." Jason touched his arm. "Have fun;" he grinned. "I know I will." And
  with that and a wink, he turned his attentions back to Joseph and Amber. 
 "He is a scamp." Michael chuckled bending down to kiss Ben. "But he is right,
  he will enjoy himself, and I am sure we will too." 
 Ben nodded. His whole being lost in the warm, soft, loving dark blue eyes
  that seemed to smile at him with understanding and compassion. "You gonna fuck
  me, right?" 
 'Oh well, here we go again'  . Michael sighed. "No
  pet, I mean yes I will make love to you, but vampires almost never just, 'fuck  ." 
 "Oh." Ben wasn't sure he understood what Michael had said, but he wasn't
  about to argue semantics with him right now. "Okay" 
 Michael looked at him, calling up the power that was always just a breath
  away. "Benjamin, I want you to pay close attention to what I am telling you.
  Listen and believe everything I say." He cupped the boy's face. "I will not
  hurt you. There will be no pain. Pleasure is all that you will feel, and as
  you feel it, you will begin to become part of it. This new life you lead, it
  might not be always easy for you, but you must believe, and accept, that here
  with me like this, * there will be no pain  .
  *  
 'No pain',   he promised. Of course there wouldn't
  be any pain. He didn't understand why the one, his master, was making such
  a big deal about this. "Okay." He reached up for him, mouth open as his arms
  wrapped themselves around Michael's shoulders. "Now, you gonna do it, now?" 
 * Yes pet, I will love you now  .
      *  Michael reached for him, willing that he give into the pleasure
      that he knew he could make the boy feel. "Roll over pet, I feel how much
      you want this, I want it too." 
 The soft half moan, half cry that escaped Ben's lips as Michael's cream
  slick finger slipped in, offering an ease of entry, a promise of painless love. "Ssshh
  there, there, pet, relax. It only gets better from here." He leaned down to
  whisper in the boy's ear. "Breathe, relax, enjoy. You have long since earned
  this. Poor thing, you have been going without for far too long." 
 Jason and Amber grinned as they watched Michael seduce the boy. "I envy
  him. I remember what it was like the first time he had me." She nodded in agreement. 
 "Me too." Joseph smiled as Michael began to make love to their new pet. "He
  is the greatest. I hate to say it, but I love him as much, if not more than
  I ever loved Vincent." He turned his back to his Sire as Michael began to bring
  cries of pleasure and pleas for more from Ben. "But as my Sire is busy, I suppose
  I will just have to make due with what is on hand." He smiled down at Amber. "So
  baby, you doing anything at the moment?" 
 Amber grinned. "Yeah. I'm getting balled silly." And the three turned their
  attentions to each other, leaving Michael to his newest charge. 
 Ben, was mindless, it was so good. But even as the pleasure that Michael
  gave him, thrusting with controlled passion. New pleasures assailed him as
  suddenly a hand found him, and as Michael began to make love to him in earnest,
  he set up a milking rhythm to drive him to madness. 
* * * 
 Morgan cuddled against her master. Content, and sated. "So what happens
  next?" She drew patterns on his chest with the tip of her finger. "I mean,
  now that the word is out. Those Rogues, now that they know they can visit here,
  how weird is it going to get?" 
 Azrael stroked her hair, playing with the curls. It was so strange; her
  hair, which had been blonde and straight before her illness, now was of a reddish
  cast and curled in pretty ringlets. "Nothing, love. They are far more frightened
  of what Cerberus will do to them if they cause trouble, than anything I would
  do. That might be short sighted of them, but it will serve to keep trouble
  at a minimum." He looked at her with concern. "Why this fear, precious? Did
  any of those Rogues say anything ill to you? You should have said something
  to me. I would have taken who ever frightened you to task." 
 "Oh no," she sighed. "They were nice enough to me. It's just," how could
  she explain it. "They were so angry. I felt, I dunno, wrong for being there.
  Like it was all my fault." She hid her head in his chest. "I know that none
  of the folk connected to you would do anything bad to them, but I'm going to
  be one of the Vampyr real soon, and I felt guilty. Like I was part of what
  was to blame for what they had gone through." 
 Azrael snorted. "That is what they want you to think." He touched her lips
  with a finger. "I do not think that they are projecting the guilt purposely.
  If they were, I would know it. But there is a lot of hurt there, and they do
  blame the Line's, and for the most part are, justified, in their pain. But
  it is not your fault." He kissed the top if her head. "How could it be. You
  are still only Chosen. A, great many who live there, within that house, have
  been there, as long if not longer than you have been alive. Even if they could
  blame all the Lines for every pain they had ever suffered. You cannot be held
  accountable for things that took place before your birth." He hugged her tighter. "Go
  to sleep pet. Let, those of us better able to worry about the problem attend
  to it. You have done your duty, and I am proud of the way you held up. But
  I will not allow you to be placed at risk any more. You will be my Fledgling
  before I allow you to return to Cerberus's realm." 
 "He really wasn't a bad guy, ya know. And Eris, he was nice." 
 "Yes, I do think that that is a youngster that is going to do a great deal
  in creating a peace for his husband. Even if Cerberus fights him the whole
  way." 
 She giggled again. "Yeah, I guess your right. Like it or not, eventually
  Eris will wear him down." She reached up and kissed him. "G'night Azrael. I
  love you." 
 "Pleasant dreams, precious." 
* * * 
 William curled up against Zak, relaxing for the first time today. It had
  been a scary night. "Do me a favor." He muttered. 
 "What?" He had noticed how stressed William had been all night. 
 "Remind me never to piss any of you off." 
 Zak chuckled at that. "You really are upset, aren't you?" 
 William pulled up, resting on his elbows, to look down at Zak. "Upset, man,
  that is like saying the sun is just a little deadly. I was scared out my mind." 
 Zak looked at him closely. "Why love? You aren't Kin. They wouldn't have
  killed you. You are a Mage. Taken you home with them, yes, but not killed you." William
  growled at him. "I'm not real afraid of death, at least not anymore. But there
  are worse things than death. I know. I lived that hell once, I don't want to
  ever have to again." 
 Zak brushed William's cheek with the tips of his fingers. "What happened
  to you? I know that you have given me hints off and on since I moved in with
  you, but you never told me the full story. Please lover, tell me what it is
  you fear." 
 William didn't want to tell anyone what had happened to him. Cindy knew,
  but she was dead, Robyn know, but would die before she ever told anyone. The
  only other man, other than his father, who knew had been Adrian, and he was
  dead too. But Zak had the right to know. Maybe if he understood why he didn't
  always deal well with some of the stuff that went on in the house, Zak wouldn't
  get so frustrated with him. 
 "Back when Cindy and I first started to like each other, there were some
  problems. My folks hated her. She wasn't rich enough, her dad wasn't as important
  as they wanted. They basically thought she was just a gold digger. We had a
  lot of fights as Cindy and I started to fall in love." 
 "Yes, she had told me that your parents hated her for a long time. But I
  never found out what happened to make them stop trying to separate you." 
 "Well, it all came to head one night, when my folks found me at her house,
  and blew up. I guess you weren't in at the time. They told her that if they
  had to get her arrested to keep her away from me, they would. And flat out
  told me that if I ever tried to see her again, they would send me so far away
  that I would never get back home." 
 Zak shook his head. "I can just imagine how well that went over." He couldn't
  see either Cindy, or William putting up with that kind of order. 
 William nodded. "I told them to get fucked and split. I ran away." He shrugged. "Me
  a skinny, not overly butch looking kid loose in the streets of Chicago." He
  stopped. There was no way he was going to be able to pull this off.  *Let
  me love, *     Zak's mind touched his.
  * Just open to me; let me see what it is you fear  .
  *     
 *Okay  , *   he was glad.
  It was easier to just let Zak in, if he found what he was looking for, good.
  But if not, well at least he didn't have to talk about it anymore. 
 Zak held his face between his hands, eyes searching as he opened himself
  to his lover. Pushing gently at the barrier that William had put up around
  the past. * Let me in my friend  . *  He
  pushed ever so lightly. 
 There was a moments more of resistance, and then. 
 The memories came unbidden. The anger, the pain, and betrayal that sent
  a much younger William running from home. Leaving the safety of everything
  that he knew, and into the jaws of danger. 
 Zak watched as in his mind that scene played itself out. A, angry young
  man, alone and stranded in Chicago. 
 A man was there, the pain that surrounded this man could only mean that
  he had hurt his love badly. But Zak had no idea how much until he dug deeper. 
 It was then that the full horror began. 
 This man befriended William, bought his trust with lies and false kindness,
  a younger, trusting, boy finally gave into the older mans seduction, and believe
  he was in love. It was then that the betrayal began. 
 The memory and pain of that first morning, waking up, still naked on the
  bed, finding himself chained there, unable to get away, struck at him with
  a force that Zak didn't think any but Kin could feel .  
 "'What," becoming more frightened each passing minute. He didn't
      know what was going on, and he was beginning to believe he didn't want
      to find out. A confused boy, pulling on the chain that locked his ankle
      to the bed. He couldn't figure out why Randy had done this. "Randy?" He
      looked around the room. Too confused to be frightened yet. But as he realized
      that he was alone, then the fear began to set in. He pulled at the chain
      that held him to the bed.  
 'Hours passed. Until William was beginning to worry that he would
      be left her, alone, chained to a bed to die? But as night finally crept
      upon him, the door opened'.  
 'The man he had known as Randy was there, but he wasn't alone.
      There were three other men with him. A large black man, another who was
      not only so ugly that he made William's stomach knot at the very thought
      of having him anywhere near him, but was so fat that the layers of his
      chin covered his neck completely. The third was an older man, thin and
      cold. Each of them came in with Randy, each of them looking at William'.  
 'The boy tried to hide under the sheet. "Randy?" He whimpered. "What's
      going on?"  
 "'Shut up, kid." Randy reached down and with a quick movement
      yanked the sheet from him, leaving him naked and exposed to their sight'. "Just
      keep quiet, and you won't get hurt'."  
 "'He is absolutely darling." The fat man reached out to touch
      him. "Do you mind?" 'He paused, looking at Randy.  
 'The man shrugged. "'He's for sell, you know that, go on, take
      your time'."  
 'William cried out, pulling away as the sweaty hand grabbed his
      thigh. "Kid'," a single blow silenced him. "I ain't going to tell you again,
      be quiet, and be still. You pull anymore shit, and all it is going to do
      is get you fucked up and sold anyway. Face it, you're mine now, and before
      too much longer, you're going to be going home with one of these gent's." Hard
      hands grabbed his wrists, forcing his arms above his head, leaving him
      unable to cover himself'.  
 "'You get pretty boys, Randy, but the last one I bought from you
      didn't last any time at all." The black man added his hands to the others. "This
      one stronger?"  
 "'He's healthy, I've kept him fed and out of the rain as it were
      for almost a month. Took that long to get him to my bed. Virgins, you know
      how they are'."  
 "'And is he?" The silent man, the thin and cold one that had been
      silent for so long, moved forward to look down at William who lay there,
      crying, trying to figure out what had gone wrong'.  
 "'Yeah, I blew him last night, but I didn't fuck him. I know how
      you three like to be the first. So I figured he's be worth more with his
      cherry still intact'."  
 "'I'll give you ten thousand for him, now, untouched." The cold
      hands moved up William's leg, coming closer to his privates. "But only
      if I can have him now'."  
 'The man looked at the other two, "Tim?" He looked to the black
      man. Who shook his head. That was a bit too steep for him. "George'?"  
 "'Alas, but no, not even that pretty ass is worth ten grand to
      me. I'd never make it back off of him. He's too cute, I couldn't restrain
      myself from popping him'."  
 'Money passed hands. William lay there stunned. He had been sold,
      like a piece of property. "Please Randy, don't do this." He, begged, as
      he was unchained'.  
 "'Look kid. Some one would have gotten you, if not me, then someone
      else. I at least took care of you. You could have been a lot worse off.
      Andrew here, doesn't sell boys, he just likes to keep them around. Be good,
      and behave and he might even let you live after he's done with you." He
      pulled him from the bed. "Now I am going to tell you this just once. He
      owns you now. He is your Master. You go and you drop to your knees at his
      feet, and give yourself to him. If you don't, I'll have you fucked up but
      good'."  
 'William fell to the floor before the cold, thin, man. Randy cleared
      his throat. "I'll be good." He sobbed'.  
 "'You know Randal, if you get anymore like this one, I might be
      inclined to do business with you again. Virgins are hard to come by. Especially
      pretty and quick ones like he is'.  
 'The man laughed. "Be more than happy to. I just hang around the
      bus station and they come in, but you're right, I don't get many as nice
      as Willie boy here'."  
 'The cold man, whose gray eyes lacked any emotion at all, bent
      to look at him. "Now boy." The cold whisper. "I will tell you this, only
      once, you will come with me. Crawl down to the door, my car is waiting
      there and the night man will let you pass. You are not the first I have
      bought, nor will you be the last. But I can assure you, that if you give
      me any trouble. I will get my moneys worth out of your hide, before I kill
      you. And that is not something you will like'."   
 'A jumble of fear and confusion, as the boy was lead down the
      hall. The blank shock that radiated from him was absolute. He could not
      believe or understand what was going on now. Though he was by no means
      na&iuml;ve, he just could not believe this was happening to him'.  
 'True to the cold mans words, the security guard, at the back
      door of the apartment, said nothing. Was silent and never looked up from
      the book he was reading as William was being forced, naked, to crawl into
      the back of a black limousine'.  
 'It was one of those limousines that the really rich rode in.
      Two sets of seats, and enough, floor space that William could huddle there,
      trying to hide his nakednesses.  
 "'Come here boy." Again the cold voice, as the man moved to unfasten
      his slacks. "Blow me'."  
 'William shook his head, numb and refusing to believe that this
      all could be happening it him'.  
 'A hand reached out for him, fingers tangling in his hair as he
      was pulled forward. "Do as I say boy. Either you wrap those pretty lips
      around my cock and blow me, or I will make you do it." Once again, no emotion,
      nothing, he could have been discussing the weather, or the stock market
      for all the passion he displayed'.   
 'William almost threw up when the man forced his erection into
      his mouth. "Don't do it boy." Was the only warning he was given as he began
      to gag. "Make that mistake and I'll see that you are given to the dogs
      before you die. Now, Randal blew you last night, you know what to do. Do
      it'."  
 'More shame, disgust and fear as the images shifted once again.
      The utter confusion and disbelief of his first beating and rape. Though
      William hadn't been sheltered growing up, and he knew, that things like
      this did happen to people, it was other people. And as the blood ran down
      his legs as the cane came down on his ass and the backs of his legs, he
      gave in. He couldn't fight what was happening. Nor could he understand
      why it was happening to him. The only thing he could do was to allow it.
      Give in without fighting, trying to please this sick pervert as best he
      could, and hope that he didn't die'.  
 'His first rape was the most horrifying thing that he had ever
      experienced. Not even the caning that he had received compared to the ripping
      pain as the man forced his way into him, dry'.   
 'But it didn't end there. "Up on your knees boy." The icy voice. "Wrap
      that hand around that pretty cock of yours, I want to see you cum." There
      was no room for debate in the mad mans voice'.  
 'And so the next three months passed. William being raped and
      tortured nightly, being forced to spend hours kneeling in the room that
      his master worked in, masturbating, between agonies. And William doing
      everything he was told. It no longer mattered how frightened he was, or
      how much it hurt. He would do anything to keep this man happy, anything'.  
 'The images of horror rose from the depths of the mind that just
      could not deal with the ugliness. Layer upon layer until Zak was worried
      that there would never be an end'.  
 'That final night, when after being beaten and raped again, with,
      the man's fist this time. He had been left alone, curled into a ball in
      the floor of the closet. But the click of the lock never came. The man
      had either forgotten to lock the door, or he believed that William was
      no longer able to gather enough courage to risk an escape'.  
 'Moments passed, the boy laying there holding his breath, waiting,
      straining to hear any sound that might indicate that it was safe for him
      to run'.   
 'After a few minutes of waiting, he heard the front door open
      and close. Minutes felt like hours as he waited, praying that his master
      had left the house. Laying his whole being and faith in luck and chance
      as he waited'.  
 'He had lain there for almost an hour before he decided that if
      he ever was going to get a chance to get away, this was is. And crawled
      carefully from the closet'.  
 'Again more images, shifting emotions, flashes of memories. One,
      of a young, naked boy crying, as he ran from a house into the snow. Then
      the police, the, hospital, questions upon questions as they tried to get
      to the bottom of what had happened to him'.  
 'Then his parents came. The pain, anger guilt in their faces cut
      at him. They were hurt that he had run away, angry that he had been hurt,
      and guilt at what they believed was their fault'.  
 'The ride home, the silence and guilty glances as he sat between
      his parents. They kept apologizing for what they knew had caused the rift
      between them, kept promising that they would interfere with he and Cindy
      no more. If he would only, forgive them'.  
 'He had spent three weeks in a hospital, and was tested every
      three months for the next year for any diseases, HIV in particular. But
      luck, fate or the Gods had been with him, and he came away from the, three
      month, nightmare with nothing but some scars, both physical and emotional.
      And these would in time heal'.  
 'The night after he finally couldn't take his fathers inability
      to handle what had happened to him, that he spent the night with Robyn.
      Adrian who had been almost as much his big brother as he had been Robyn's
      had listened to the horror and had been willing to let a still frightened
      and scarred boy cry on his shoulder. And never once not, even for a second,
      judging or acting as if William had been anything but a victim'.  
 'That had been the last night he talked about it to anyone, and
      had kept his silence for almost a full ten years. His telling Jason and
      Amber didn't count. He was stressed out and drugged at the time. He had
      locked it away and pretended it had never happened. And went on about his
      business as if the night didn't frighten him, the threat of violence against
      him didn't make him want to cry and hide'.   
 Zak pulled away from the horror of memories that would have been far, better,
  forgotten. "I'm sorry love. I had no idea." No wonder William sometimes reacted
  the way he did to Robyn's submission. His lover had never known dominance that
  was not horror and pain. "I can take pain of these memories away form you,
  if you want. It would be better, I think, if you didn't have to live with this
  in your soul." 
 "You can make me forget it?" William didn't know if he wanted to throw a
  chunk of his life out, no matter how much it still bothered him. 
 Zak shook his head. "No love, I can't erase your memory, but I can take
  the pain and the fear out of it. Much like what Tori did with Robyn, but you
  have no reason for grief, no cause to need to remember the pain. So I can take
  it and make it feel like it happened to someone else. But only if you want
  me too. I will only do this if you want me too." He brushed William's cheek
  again. "You do want this, don't you?" 
 William leaned against him. "Yeah, I want it. I've lived too long trying
  to forget what they did to me, I just don't want to care any more." Trust had
  been a hard thing for him to learn, once it had been destroyed, but now, it
  was okay. He knew Zak would die before he betrayed him. "What do I got to do?" 
 "Lean against me, close your eyes, and just relax. I'll take care of the
  rest." He hurt for his love. He had know that something in William's life had
  hurt him, but had never realized how much damage the past had done to him. "And
  lover." A soft voice. "If this man who harmed you so is still alive, I will
  track him down. It might take me some time, but I swear to you, I will track
  him down, and he will pay for what he did to you, and others like you." 
 "Thanks, Fangs. That means a lot to me." 
 "Close you eyes, sweet heart, I'll take care of everything." 
CHAPTER 4 
 The door in the silent chamber opened, soft light cut a path through the
  darkness. A figure moved across the carpet, slowly and quietly, to the table
  beside the bed. "Master?" A light click and the room was softly, lit, by lamplight. "Please,
  Master, you must wake up." 
 The figure on the bed moved slowly, reluctantly giving up the peace of slumber.
  Eyes the color of charcoal opened to focus on the agonized, frightened face
  before him. "Katherine?" The peaceful feeling that accompanied sleep fled. 
 "Please, Loki." A tremor passed through her body, as large brown eyes, set
  in a wide pale face, stared back at him, the fear and pain from her washing
  over him in waves. 
 All thoughts of sleep, of tranquillity, gone as the figure moved. "What
  is it? What has happened?" Questions poured from him as he took her into his
  arms, questions that needed no answer. He could feel the wrongness, the bitter
  scent of death on the woman's flesh. "So it begins," her pain, becoming, his. "It
  is sooner than I had hoped." 
 "I was afraid that you would say that." Katherine buried her face in his
  chest. The ending, she had been with her Master for a little over, a, hundred
  and forty-five years. She knew that soon her time would come. She had been
  there when Maggy began her end. But it was too soon. She couldn't die now.
  There was no replacement for her. No one to continue to care for her Master. "How
  long?" 
 "Is this the first time you've experienced this?" He ripped at his wrist,
  offering her his blood. What was he going to do? He couldn't lose her now;
  he wasn't ready to have to train another. He would be the death of yet another
  one of those in his care. 
 "Yes, when I woke, at first I thought I was hungry. It's been over a week
  since last I drank from you. But it felt wrong," she struggled to regain her
  composure, before looking up. "Loki, what are you going to do. We don't have
  anyone to take my place." 
 "We still have time." He tried to smile. His Katherine, always looking out
  for him. "If it is just beginning, it could be as long as a year or even two
  before it ends." Though he had never asked any of his loves to suffer through
  it. "I'll begin looking tonight. I'll find one." 
 "No," she touched his face, forcing his eyes to meet hers. "It's time you
  answered that summons. You've been alone for too long. You've not dealt with
  any Kin since before I came here. Maggy told me that she hadn't seen you with
  any Kin since old Rafiel died." 
 "Kin?" He laughed. "My love, what Kin would want to have anything to do
  with me? I have to have a keeper. I'm a disgrace to them. No Katherine, either
  I find another, or I muddle along without. But my Kin won't have me." 
 "Loki." She took his head between her hands. "You swore to me, that I had
  one wish, one favor, that when my time came I could ask for before I died.
  Well now I'm asking it. Loki, I'm dying, I know it and you know it. So it's
  time you tried, for me, try. What's the worst thing that could happen? They
  not want you? You're ready for that." She kissed him softly. "But what if it's
  not like you fear? What if there is a chance that you would find a place?" 
 Loki shook his head. She didn't understand, couldn't. He was a failure.
  The Gift hadn't taken well with him. He hadn't been overly bright as a mortal,
  and as Vampyr, he was just a breath above an imbecile. Rafiel, his Sire, had
  warned him. Prepared him to survive as best he could. But he was to avoid other
  Kin. A Rogue half-wit wouldn't stand a chance. "Very well, my dear, we'll go.
  Perhaps it's time." He was tired, he had lived over two thousand years, hiding
  from his own kind. At least if they rejected him, he could rest at last. "Rest
  against me, let me ease your pain for now, and later I promise I will answer
  the call." 
* * * 
 Zephyr hung, sulking in the darkened room. Cerberus had punished him severely
  for running his mouth. And for the moment, he was in the, dog, house. 'One
  of these days, I'm going to learn to keep my mouth shut'.   
   Bad enough to be punished like some disobedient child,
  but to have to be Publicly humiliated by being stripped and beat in front of
  the entire Covenstead, and then chained to the wall in a dark corner of the
  basement. 'If I'm lucky, Eris will talk him into just ignoring me
  for a few days. If not, I can expect a repeat of last night'.   And
  for what, because he didn't think it was terribly polite to, spit,  at
  a Gift horse. 
 'Oh well, it could have been worse I suppose'.  Last
  time he had questioned Cerberus's authority he had been sure that his Sire
  would beat him every night for the rest of his life. It felt that way. He had
  been battered and abused every night for almost a month. Fed only when he was
  near starving, and left without even, the, barest hints of affection. Had it
  not been for Eris, he might have still been being punished. 
 It was the one fault his Sire had, he could not stand to be argued with.
  And Eris, who's very nature made arguing as easy for him as feeding. Kept Cerberus
  so agitated, that if anyone else, most specifically one of his Brood, made
  the mistake of questioning him, he saw to it that they dare not make that mistake
  more than once every few years. 
 A light cut through the room as the door opened. "Zeph?" It was Eris. "Are
  you okay, honey?" Keys appeared in his hand and released the locks on the chains. "He's
  calmed down, I fought with him until neither of us could hold our eyes open
  another moment." A hand helped him down. "He has forgiven you this time, but
  if I were you, I would make myself scarce for the next few nights. Go somewhere
  and stay out of his way. " 
 This was new. Zephyr didn't know whether to be happy or worried. It just
  wasn't like his Sire to forgive him, and still want nothing to do with him.
  Before, once Cerberus felt he had paid for his wrong his Sire, personally,
  welcomed him back into the fold. "So," he ran a hand through his hair. "Where
  do you suggest I go hide?" 
 Eris chuckled. "Hide, yes that is a good word for it." He gently pulled
  the Childe to his throat. "Go on, I am sure you are hungry, and I want you
  out of here before your Father changes his mind, and decides I manipulated
  him again." 
 * You never answered me. Where should I go? *  He
  drank hungrily, he had gone without last night, and after the blood loss he
  had suffered from the beating, the offer of blood was most welcome. 
 *  It is better if I do not know, but
        I might suggest you go hide behind the Elder for now. Cerberus has made
        a pact with Azrael, so he can't take out his anger on you if you go and
        visit. *     He snickered as Zephyr
        looked at him in shock 
 "You wanna get me killed? My sticking up for the Elders is what got me into
  this mess to begin with. I don't even want to think about what he'd do to me
  if he knew I went and hid at the one place that he wishes he had never learned
  of." He might be young, but he wasn't that young. 
 Eris shook his head, trying hard not to laugh at the youngster. "And what
  is he going to do? He agreed, as did the Elder that both Covensteads were open
  to the other. If you go, it is not as if Azrael were coming here. Besides,
  I think Cerberus is being a fool, and as his Childe, you appearing there will
  make it look like he isn't being as big a one as he is." A firm hand closed
  over Zephyr's mouth. "I mean what I say kiddo, you go and mind me. Keep in
  mind, I'm the reason you are getting to get out of this hole. So unless you
  want to be put right back where you were, go." 
 He shrugged, what else could he do. It looked like he was fucked, no matter
  what he did. He would piss someone off. If he went, Cerberus would be angry
  with him and use him for a punching bag. If he didn't, Eris would get bitchy
  on him, and next time he was stupid, would let Cerberus finish with him without
  saying a word. "Okay, I give. I just hope you know what you are doing." 
 "Go on, trust me. Nothing is going to happen. Other than you get a chance
  to see how the other side lives. By the time you get back, I will have your
  old man back to normal again, or be gone from here. Of that you can guarantee." 
* * * 
   Michael greeted David as the younger Kin stumbled
  into the main room. "You look like hell my friend," was his observation. 
 David groaned sitting down beside him. "Between my Brood, and our pets,
  folks around here can just call me, 'Stubby',  now. I
  have never in my life had anyone go at me like Christian did. I think he was
  tying for a record, and then Lilith and the boys got into the game." Tired
  blue eyes scowled at him as he broke into laughter. "Go on, laugh. You wait.
  One of these days, I'm going to turn those two little monsters loose on you
  and then we will see how funny you think it is." 
 But instead of showing pity, Michael just looked at the tired, worn Kin
  and laughed that much harder. "Forgive me cousin, but you're young, they're
  young, just you wait. It won't be much longer before you will be strong enough
  to exhaust every pet and Childe in this house and still not be called, 'Stubby'."  
 "Promises, promises." He sighed, sitting up. "So where is the old pervert
  anyway, Usually by the time I come alive, he's been up for hours. He still
  rewarding Mo?" 
 Michael eyed him. "My, my, you, are, feeling testy today aren't you." He
  did not have to correct David's tone or speech when it came to his Sire, his
  brief words alone got the desired results and the younger Kin dropped his head
  and mumbled an apology. 
 A sound at the door drew their attention. Michael smiled, as both Azrael
  and Morgan entered the room. "Good evening Azrael." Then to Morgan, "so, pet,
  did your Master keep his promise?" 
 Morgan grinned at him. "Oh yeah. I'm doing real good to walk today." She
  stopped, noticing Ben for the first time. "New one?" She knew that Michael
  had been considering taking on another pet, after all he was planning on making
  her brother his Childe in the real near future. 
 "Yes, and no, Morgan." Michael looked down at the youth who, sat, beside
  him, smiling. "He is new to the state of being a pet, but he has been in the
  house for about a year. He's been, up until last night, living on the Hall.
  He was one of our feeding stock." He knew how much Ben hated to be reminded
  of how close he was to what he had been. "I offered him a chance to live and
  prosper as my pet and love, and as you see. He chose the lesser of two evils." 
 "So, he gave you no problems?" Azrael moved to take up his seat. 
 Michael chuckled. "Not the least bit. Matter of fact, he rivaled Jason in
  his willingness to please me." 
 Azrael laughed. "Now that is something I would have loved to have seen.
  That Chosen of yours is a rarity." Then to David, "I must say Vincent, you
  are looking particularly haggard this evening." 
 "Just call him, ' Stubby  ', Sire." He was amused to
  see the dark look David gave him. "He seems to have been on the losing end
  of his Brood's attention lost night." 
 Azrael went to make a comment, but was stopped by a nervous touch of a mind,
  as it rung through every other vampires in, the, room head's. * Knock,
  knock  , * t  he cheerful greeting startled
  him. 
 Azrael scowled. * What? *  
 *Pardon me Elder, but is the door still open to those of Cerberus's
        bunch? *  
 Azrael gave Morgan a martyred look . *  If
        you must, you must. Come you are welcome here. *  He turned
        to the others who were waiting for his response. "It would seem that
        I am not as finished with the Warlock's as I had thought. Already one
        of their gaggle is coming to visit. I can not help but wonder, where
        this next step will take us." 
 A flash of cold and the same young Kin who had braved Cerberus's anger strode
  into the room. "Greetings Elder." He zeroed in on Azrael, bowing quickly. "Sorry
  about the sudden visit, but Eris thought it best I hide here for a while." He
  turned to greet them all. 
 Azrael looked at him closely. "Why have you been sent here to ' hide'  ?" 
 Zephyr grinned ducking his head. "I got into a smidgen of trouble last night.
  And well, my Master, and Sire, took my standing up to him for you rather badly.
  So after beating the shit out of me, he made me spend the day chained to a
  wall. It was Eris who talked my Sire into letting me go, but he's still pissed,
  so Eris thought it best that I stay out of Cerberus's sight for a while." He
  shrugged. "So he sent me here. There aren't many in our territory who would
  hide me from my Sire, other than perhaps you." 
 Azrael shook his head. "I am not going to hide you from Cerberus. If you
  knowingly behaved in a fashion that demands that you pay for your actions,
  do not ask me to protect you from your own foolishness." 
 Zephyr shook his head, violently, reaching out to lay a hand on Azrael's
  arm. "No, I'm not running from him. Eris would have never dared to send me
  from the house without my Sire's permission. I'm not on the lamb, just staying
  clear of him till his temper is a little less hot." 
 'Gods, why me'?   "Very well. I will permit you to
  stay here for now, but." His tone was darkening. "If Cerberus takes offense
  to you being here, you must go. There is peace between our houses for now,
  and I will not allow the actions of an erring Childe to be the end of it." 
 "My word." Zephyr knelt there. After the beating and humiliation he suffered
  last night, the bowing to the elder Coven Masters will, wasn't hard. "Thank
  you." 
 Morgan smiled at the young Kin. "I remember you." 
 Zephyr grinned up at her and he pulled himself up to his feet. "Yeah, I
  remember you too. You're the little marker for Titania's safe return." He looked
  back to Azrael. "Just so you know. Tania thinks you and the other Elder that
  came back with her last night are better than hot blood and sex. My Sire is
  going to have to get a grip, sooner or later, and probably sooner if I know
  Eris. He will enlist not only Titania's help, but every other soul in the house
  who aren't afraid that you are going to turn on us tomorrow, and brow beat
  him into submission." 
 Azrael nodded. "Good. It is about time that healing took place. Do not get
  me wrong Childe. Your Sire and those in his home, they have real fears, that
  stem from crimes that were done against them. But it is far past time that
  these wounds were healed." 
* * * 
 Katherine watched from the chair where she sat, huddled, as her Master paced
  the floor. He had sworn that he would answer the summons. That he would go
  to the Covenstead to seek aid. But she wondered if she had done the right thing,
  in forcing a promise from him. "Loki?" Her voice was tight. The pain came in
  waves, and for the moment she was riding through one. 
 The troubled Kin came to kneel beside her. "Is it getting bad, love?" He
  had seen this many times, over the last two thousand and forty-seven years,
  but he never stopped hurting when the time came again. "More blood? It will
  ease the pain." 
 She shook her head, "No, thank you, but not yet." She loved him. He had
  always been so kind to her. She could never understand why he believed the
  others wouldn't accept him. True, there were times when, for no apparent reason,
  he would suddenly become as helpless as a baby, but for the most part, she
  never saw what was supposed to be his great weakness. "Are we going?" 
 The question hung in the air between them. He had promised her, gave his
  word that now, after over two millennia of hiding, he would, seek, out the
  bloodlines. But he also knew that once he did, he would loose her. Either by
  the loss of his own life, or on the slim chance they accepted him, once she
  knew he was secure, she would ask for her rest. 
 Death didn't frighten him. After living as an outcast, an embarrassment
  for so long, he was ready for it, if it came. But he was afraid. Afraid of
  what would happen to her if they turned on him. She would die. Of course, he
  couldn't see anyone forcing her to suffer just for the fact that she was the
  pet of a mistake. But, would she die knowing her last request had cost him
  his life? "My love." He reached for her. "We will go. But first, I must extract
  a promise from you." He fought back tears. When she was gone, alive or no,
  he would be alone. "Should they refuse me, I will be killed, ssshh, no wait." He
  silenced her. "If I am refused, it's better that way. I have no desire to live
  as an outcast anymore. To take yet another love, knowing that they will leave
  me, even as I make them mine. I should have dared risked, what ever, fate would
  have dealt me, and made you my Childe. Now," he sighed sadly. "It's too late.
  So if I am to die with you, don't mourn my passing. I would really much rather
  leave this world with you than live alone, hurting again, one more time." 
 Katherine touched his cheek. She understood. The thought of him dying hurt
  her, but she understood. "Let's go Loki. I'm tired." 
 He held her to him, savoring the feel of her warm body against his. Knowing
  that all too soon the warmth would fade and she would be gone. "I love you." 
 She stroked his cheek. "I know, I have always known." She would not cry.
  She had had a full life, love, joy, and laughter had been hers. And now, with
  the end at hand, she couldn't think of a thing she would have changed. 
 "Here, before-" he tore at his wrist with his fangs. Offering her the one
  comfort he could offer her now. "Soon, baby, I will see the pain ends soon." 
* * * 
 Azrael watched amused from his seat as the young Mages practiced. On one
  side of the room Zak worked with his husband, William, to overcome the block
  that had all but shut off the young mortal's power. And at the same time Zak
  was coming to realize that the pain he felt as he used his Mage Gift without
  his Sire to be there to guide him was slowly fading away. Azrael did note somewhat
  amused, and pleased, that the boy seemed to be doing a little better tonight.
  Gabriel must have reached a level with his young lover and student. That was
  good, it meant that soon, they both would be to a point that he could begin
  to train them in earnest. 
 On the other side of the room, Robyn and Torin worked on a much more advanced
  level, struggling with powers that they were yet to master. Lights flashed
  around them both, as powers wild and powerful were being called into order.
  They both were coming along much, better than he had dreamed. 
 Both Torin and Robyn raised their hands, as if working in concert to banish
  the powers, grounding them out into the earth beneath them. Then turned, together
  looking at Azrael their, Master, "well?" 
 He smiled nodding at them. "You are both coming along much better than I
  had first hoped. I can say with honesty, that the two of you are much quicker
  than any child I have ever seen; up to and including myself. It must be that
  you are bonded. I can think of no other reason why you work as well as you
  do." 
 They both glowed under his praise. "What do they say?" Torin looked at Robyn. "You
  know the line about how if a teacher is good, his students will be better than
  he is?" 
 She shrugged. "Dunno, but hold up bud, we have miles to go before we can
  even hope to be as good as he is, much less better." 
 Azrael laughed. "You are much too modest my dear. You are young, much younger
  in the powers than I was when I had reached this point." But even as he went
  to praise his two, he became aware of another. 
 A light, timid, almost frightened touch drew his attention. Azrael raised
  a hand for silence, as he turned his mind to it. * Yes? *  
 *I-the summons  , *   a ,     light
  faltering touch one full of fear and dread. * Seek-I need  ,
  *  the thoughts fought to reach Azrael, * sanctuary.
  *  
 It didn't take a great amount of power for Azrael to reach out and touch
  the seeking mind, nor did it take him very long to understand the fear. A Gift
  taken wrong, isolation, years of isolation, fear of discovery, all flowed back
  to him in what felt like an endless tide. Loneliness and weariness, this one
  was desperate. His desperation had led him to take the final risk, acceptance
  or death. 
 The feel of age from this one was great. 'Gods, he is older than
      Megel, almost as old, as, I'.  The very thought that any Kin,
      Rogue or Line, whole or wounded such as this one was, suffering total isolation
      sickened Azrael. This one had lived for so long in shame.  *  Brother,
      I have you. *     He would have to
      choose his words wisely for now. He allowed himself to open, sending a
      solid wall of acceptance with it. * Come, I grant sanctuary,
      no harm. *  
 *  Can't  , * the shameful
  admission. 
 This one was on edge. Azrael felt his very sanity teetering. * Calmly
        Brother, I have you. I know where you are. Rest easy, I will come for
        you. Poor thing, your Sire was wrong. No one, here, will fault you for
        what was not your doing. If he chose to allow you your life, I will not
        let any take it. I will come. *  
 Azrael returned his attention to the silent room around him. All watched
  him, each holding their breaths waiting to hear what had happened. 
 He slid Morgan from his lap. "I must go, a Rogue has asked for and been
  given sanctuary." 
 Michael nodded, "To young to go the Dark Paths alone?" 
 A single shake of his head, "No Megel, this is no Childe, or mere adult,
  but an Elder Kin." He held up a hand to forestall the comments. "No, wait,
  Megel. Show pity. The Gift went wrong with him. He has hidden for so many bitter
  centuries, afraid that the Vampyr would seek his death. Luck and fortune was
  with him this day. He called me. Something has brought him out of his hiding
  now. He is afraid, yet desperate. He cannot travel the Paths alone, so I go
  to bring him here." 
 "Allow me to go with you." Michael did not like the sound of this one bit;
  there was something off about all of this. Not the request, which was only
  natural, solitaire as the Kin tended to be, eventually they must seek out their
  own kind. Even one as weak as this one must have contact every now and then,
  or go mad. 
 "No, Megel, this I do alone. He will be hard pressed to face just me. Stay,
  watch over my domain, protect it if need be. I too feel the, painful, wrongness
  in this." He pointed to Joseph and Jason. "Take your Brook and hold them close.
  I shall return." 
 Michael nodded, returning to his seat, and welcoming both Joseph and Jason
  into his arms. He understood what the Childe,  'no, no Childe, mustn't
  forget that',   faced now, alone and crippled. He could be in danger,
  lost or in a trap. But he had faith in his Sire and oldest friend. What ever
  it was, Azrael would deal with it. 
 He then gave thought to the reality of the situation that this Rogue found
  himself in. It was rare, but once in a great while, the Gift passed wrong.
  Fortunately most died, but on occasion enough passed to allow the Childe to
  live, wounded, un-whole, but alive. The very fact that this one's Sire had
  let him live worried Michael. It was cruel to let those poor ones grow, to
  live what must be no more than a, half life, granted only a small portion of
  what should have been theirs, and usually mentally unable to use what they
  did have. But this one had lived, and if Azrael's words were any indication,
  would continue to do so. 
CHAPTER 5 
 Waves of Fear and grief rolled over Azrael as he, appeared and with it the
  scent of death. "I am Azrael." He bowed to the vampire before him. "You petitioned
  Sanctuary from me." 
 The younger vampire released the woman in his arms, and rose to stand before
  him. Azrael's eyes went from him to the woman on the couch. 'Ah,
  now I see. There is no threat. His pet is dying. He is going to be alone again'.  "And
  your name is?" 
 The younger vampire who stood, before him looked lost as he answered. "I-my,
  my Sire named me Loki." The words came out in a stutter. 
 Azrael felt a silent rage begin inside of him. This Kin, Rogue or no, had
  been forced to live. He understood how hard it would have been if any of his
  Brood had failed to take the Gift, but he would have spared them this. As painful
  as it would have been for him, he would have taken their life before ever allowing
  any of them to face the world as a half-wit. He could not understand how anyone
  could be as heartless as to do this to any Childe they loved. 
 The vampire might have been closer to his age, than any other Kin in his
  house, but his mind was that of a Childe, and always would be. Lanky dark brown
  hair framed cool, coal, gray eyes, in a face that would have been quite lovely
  if it were not at the moment stamped with fear. "Th-this is Katherine. She-she's
  why I called." 
 Azrael moved, slowly, ever aware of the fear in the room, to the woman's
  side. "Yes, her life is fading, poor thing." He looked at Loki, eyes showing
  the compassion and understanding, that only, one, who had been where this Childe
  was, could know. "Is this the first that you have lost one so? Do you understand
  what is happening?" How lost was this Childe? "I am sorry, Brother." Again
  the word, that meant no harm between Kin. "But no one can help her. She is
  dying." 
 Anguish passed across his face. "I-I know that. I've had a pet," shame in
  his whole presence. "A keeper, for most of my life. My Sire taught me how,
  before he left. I've lost them all. One by one, death took them all from me." The
  emotions coming from him were strong enough to wash away any nervous stutter. 
 "Loki?" The woman's voice drew the wounded Kin. 
 Azrael watched, moved to tears himself as, Loki, whirled, going, back to
  her side. "Love?" 
 She stroked his face, smiling up into his tormented eyes. "Don't cry, there's
  no need now." Even in pain, she comforted him. It was the only life she knew.
  He was her responsibility. "Ask him to come closer, let me speak to him, please." 
 "I am here, dear." Azrael stepped closer, but would not intrude on the space
  they shared. 
 "I'm tired. But I can't leave him alone. Please," she stroked Loki's hair
  as he pressed against her, sobbing, "On your word, your Line, help him to find
  another to help him. He can't be alone." 
 If Azrael had had any doubts about taking this one into his home, they died
  with her words. Whole, this one was not, but he had lived, and had done so
  without embarrassment, or loneliness. The words of his dying love were enough
  to settle Azrael's mind. "Katherine," he moved to kneel beside her. "My word,
  on my name, and my Line. I will let no one harm him, nor will I allow him to
  be alone again. Sleep, rest, knowing that you have fulfilled your responsibility,
  and that your master is safe." 
 Katherine looked up into the strange, vampires, eyes. "Thank you." And with
  a weary movement, her fingers brushed his cheek. "Let me be with him now." 
 Azrael rose, moving across the room. Leaving the two alone again. 
 Katherine lifted his, tear streaked, face, "Loki?" The name was spoken softly,
  but all her feelings were in it. "Master, My Lord, please love, let me go.
  Kiss me one last time, then grant me rest. Take me, take my life." 
 It was time, when he left what had been his home for over three hundred
  years, he would go alone. "Be brave for me Kathy. I am so afraid. Of all those
  I have held, loved, and made mine, I have loved you the most." It hurt knowing
  that she counted on him to ease the pain. She who had never asked for anything
  in her life, now asked him for the greatest favor any could. She asked him
  to release her. 
 Her lips trembled against his, but she held on, pain or no pain she knew
  that once he pulled away, she would lose him. 
 "One last time, Katie girl." He swallowed back the, lump that threatened
  to choke him. "Let me feel you take from me, just once more." His teeth tore
  at his wrist, as the tears came again. 
 She looked up at him. Eyes so full of trust, and love, that Loki had to
  force himself not to turn away. "Thank you love, I am ready. The pain is gone." She
  reached up and kissed him once more. As her fingers reached up and tangled
  in his hair, pulling his mouth to her throat as her head turned, pulling away. "Go
  on my evil trickster, love me." 
 He couldn't do it not again, he knew she was counting on him, he had sworn
  that she wouldn't be forced to suffer. It was the least he could do. But, as
  he held her, lips pressed against her flesh, he knew he couldn't, not again. 
 Azrael's will and control flowed over him.  *  You
        must do this, Brother. You know the pain she is feeling. If you love
        her at all, spare her that. *     This
        part of loving a mortal was never easy. He had been forced to grant the, 'final  kiss',  to
        more than one of those in his care and in time would be forced to again.
        He knew what the one before him was going through, and pitied him all
        the more for it. For with her death, he would be alone, again. With no
        one to fall back on. * Take what strength you need from
        me Loki, and allow your love to rest. *   
 She sighed as his fangs sank into his flesh. It was a weary, satisfied sigh.
  One that, touched him, gave him more strength than all the power Azrael could
  offer. She wanted this, welcomed it, and going to her rest happily. She freely
  gave him her blood and life. * I will always love you  .
  *  His mind touched hers as she began to weaken in his arms. * You
  will never truly die, for I will always love you. *  
 *  You were my first, and only, *  the
  faint touch flowed back to him.  *  Never
  once have I regretted my time. I love you, always have, always, *     the
  darkness was taking her as her life flowed into Loki, * will,
  my love. *  
 The pain was agonizing. "Kathy?" The body in his arms was no longer as warm
  as it had been. The life was gone. "Forgive me." 
 Azrael felt the tears sting his eyes, as he shared this wounded Childe's
  pain. To lose, your, only love, to walk away, totally alone. If this ones Sire
  had not already been dead, Azrael would have tracked him down and killed him
  for what he had done to his Childe. He would never be alone again. Azrael swore
  this to himself. If, Loki were not comfortable, with staying with him, he would
  find a way to make sure that there would always be someone with him. 
 Loki held Katherine's limp body, watching as the age, that had never touched
  her in life, ravaged her now in death. He could leave now, turn away and not
  see the love he had, wither before him, but he owed her this much. So he stayed,
  watching till the last indignity was marked upon flesh that had, only yesterday,
  been so warm and inviting. 
   "Loki," Azrael laid a hand on his shoulder. "It
  is time to go. Allow me to see to her. You have been forced to walk away too
  often. Let me take you to my home. Place you in the care of those I love. I
  promise, I will see her remains given proper treatment." 
 Loki looked up at him, lost and confused. "Tell me something, you're older
  than I, and whole. Why do we love? Why do we who lose, everything, we hold
  dear to us, time steals from us unlike it does anything else that lives. So
  why do we love?" 
 Azrael knelt beside him. Placing a hand on his arm. "We love because it
  is the only thing that separates us from the monsters that we can be. Without
  love, we are soulless beasts that live only to kill. I know you are in pain,
  you feel pain like only Kin can, but time is also merciful to us. The pain
  fades quickly from our thoughts and hearts. You will heal, I will see to it.
  I gave your sweet one, there, my word, and I will do all that I can to see
  that it is kept." Firm but gentle hands pulled the wounded Kin from what was
  once his dearest love. "Leave her to me, I will care for her." 
 Loki looked up at him, hope and despair clear in his eyes. "You will see
  to her?" 
 Azrael brushed his lips across his brow. "Yes, I will place her with all
  those that I have loved and cared for in my life. You will be able to take
  comfort in the knowledge that time and ice will be the only things that ever
  touch her again." 
 The arm around him was meant to offer comfort, but as Loki turned from the
  withered form on the couch, he felt nothing. Nor did he think he would ever
  feel again. He did not want to live anymore. And he could not see that changing. 
 So lost and soul wounded was he, that not even the coldness of the Dark
  Paths drew his attention as Azrael lead him home. 
* * * 
 His domain was silent as he brought his newest charge in via the Paths.
  For that he was grateful. It was comforting to know that those in his keep
  understood the severity of the situation. "Megel," he sought out his eldest
  Childe. 
 "Yes, Father." The answer was immediate and soft. 
 "Take this one, hold him, for me. Shield him in his pain for now." He tried
  to pull away, but Loki held on in blind pain. "No, Brother, listen. This is
  Megel. He is my 'Childe'  , my 'First-Born'  .
  He will let none here harm you." To Michael, "take him downstairs, put him
  behind a barrier, I can not fault his pain, I know what he is going through.
  But as he is now, he will cause a great deal of needless suffering among the
  children." Turning for a moment to address Loki once more. "Do not be afraid
  Brother. I go only to keep my word and see that she is put to rest safely.
  No one here will harm you or fault you in your pain. I have no idea what you
  have come to know of Sire's other than they can abandon and harm those in their
  keeping, but I have never abandoned nor have I ever harmed any Childe I have
  sired, from my eldest, to those who are now my Chosen." He pointed to Torin,
  Robyn and Morgan. "My Childe, he is a Sire as well, he will protect you. Go
  ahead Loki. Mourn. No one will fault you your love or your pain." And he stepped
  back fading from the room. 
 The room was silent was Michael moved slowly, leading Loki across the room.
  Whole this Kin might not be, but the pain he felt was as strong, as any he
  had ever felt. And, being, such could only be contained by one Kin, for a short
  time. Azrael had been right, he needed to be shielded. "My Sire called you
  Loki, is that your name?" The room, the others forgotten for now, he was responsible
  for seeing to this ones care while His Master was not here. 
 Again the eyes that were, oh so lovely, but held such confusion and pain
  lifted and locked gazes with only the second of his kind that he had seen in
  almost four hundred years. "It is what my Sire named me. I have no other name.
  Call me it, or what ever you want. I don't care anymore." All emotion, save
  raw agony, was gone from his voice. 
 Michael smiled, trying to look reassuring. "Then Loki it is. Come with me
  Elder, I will see to you." And he led him from the room. 
* * * 
 The utter blackness of the cavern surrounded Azrael as he appeared, burdened,
  as he was with yet another mortal who had given his or her life and love to
  his kind. He would see she rested here, with all those he had brought here
  whom he had loved and killed over the years. 
 The almost weightless bundle slid to the floor in a soft rustle. Close and
  yet separate from all the others here. A silent spectator to the price all
  Kin pay for loving another not of their kind. 
 Though the darkness was total, his eyes adjusted and he could see well.
  He slowly moved to each bundle, touching one bundle here, and another there,
  briefly, recalling to memory the joy of loving and protecting each one, and
  the pain of being forced to let them go when the end was at hand. 
 It would not be too many years before he would be forced to return here,
  with another cold, lifeless, bundle. He had what, perhaps, ninety to a hundred
  years, and again another would rest here. The very thought brought pain. 
 So to each of those this silent tomb held he went. "I'm here again, and
  again I add to your number." He spoke to no one but the dead. "Welcome her
  my precious darlings, my lovers, she served her Master well, and was loved,
  as you all were loved." He felt no shame at the tears that spilled, nor did
  he try to wipe them away as they rapidly froze on his cheeks. "And you all
  are loved, from the first to the last." He looked at the bodies before him. "You
  will never truly die, for I will always remember you." With one final glance
  around at all those he had loved and cherished the, remains, of his humanity.
  He stepped back fading along the Paths once more. 
* * * 
 Cerberus startled, sitting up from one of his many pets, as a light but
  strong touch brushed his mind. * Pardon me, I do not wish to be
  rude  . *  It was Azrael. * But
  at your request, I cannot enter your domain uninvited. May I do so now? *  
 "Shit." He swore. "Go on, Lilly, go back to the living room, we'll finish
  up in a little while." Talk about bad timing, it would be now, that the Elder
  wanted to visit. 
 "Is there a problem, Master?" The girl moved, gathering the tattered remains
  of her clothing. 
 "I have no idea, but Azrael is knocking on the door. I have no clue as to
  what he wants, but I can't very well ignore him, not with what he just did
  for Titania, she would have my hide, if Eris didn't first. So you need to go
  on with yourself and let the Elder and I discuss what ever we need talk about." 
 Lilly chewed at her bottom lip. What could this mean? "Master, you two aren't
  going to have a fight, are you?" 
 Cerberus just shook his head. "Go on with you girl, and stay out of the
  business of your betters." 
 Once the girl had fled the room and Cerberus had a moment of peace and silence.
  * Okay, Azrael, what do you want of me? *  Due
  to the Elders aid with one of those in his home, he knew Azrael could come
  calling and ask almost anything and be within his right. 
 Mental laughter sprinkled down onto him. * Relax, Cerberus,
        it is I who comes with my hat in hand, as it were. I am concerned that
        I might have a problem that I am not suited to handle. *  
 He found it hard to believe that this particular Elder would have problems
  handling anything. * Okay, I retract the ban on you from my home.
  Come, be welcome, and tell me what it is that one such as you can't face  .
  *  
 It was fortunate that vampires don't really feel the cold, for had he been
  able to, the chill of the Paths would have sent shivers down his spine. "All
  right Azrael, tell me what it is that you think I or my folk might be able
  to do for you?" 
 Azrael chuckled at the abruptness of his words. "You still fear me? I stood
  by your girl, saw to it that she had justice, brought my own blood here to
  see that she make certain that you are protected your Childe is, even as we
  speak, trying to make friends with one of my Chosen, and yet you still fear
  me." He cocked his head to once side. "Why?" 
 "Old habit." Was all he would say. "So what is wrong? I have a hard time
  seeing anything out of your grasp." 
 The Elder Kin laughed softly. "I have a Rogue in my home. I have only just
  saved him from a life of isolation." He held up a hand to forestall Cerberus's
  comments. "I went to him as his last and only pet met her death. Gave her my
  word that I would look after this Childe/Elder, for that is what he is. He
  has lived for so long and done so without disgracing us that I can not take
  his life from him unless he desires death. I would see him safe and cared for.
  The only concern I have is I am afraid that my domain might be too much on
  him. He is so very much like Vincent's little pet made Kin that it is painful
  for me to look at him." 
 Cerberus came off the bed in a single motion. "What are you telling me?
  That some poor, half-mad, thing has been forced to live like this for centuries?
  But where is his Sire, why has he let it rest like this?" 
 Azrael shook his head. "His Sire is dead, and fortunate he is that I can
  not get to him. I am afraid that there is no reason for this crime against
  the Lines to have been left uncorrected, other than, perhaps, the sadistic
  whims of a mad man. But horrendous though it is, and no matter how much we
  wish to turn our eyes and pretend that it does not exist. I have a Rogue Elder
  with the mind of a Childe in my keep, and if I cannot see he finds a home with
  me, I am asking your word that he will be safe here. Not alone, nor abandoned,
  but kept safe and cared for until such time as he asks for death, and then
  it be as befits an innocent." Azrael didn't question Cerberus's ability to
  do this. He knew that if the Childe gave his word, then the Childe would live
  up to it. 
 Cerberus ran a hand through his hair. "Does this one know what you are asking?" 
 "Not yet, I wanted to see that there was an option here before I offered
  it to him. It is not an easy thing that I ask of you, and I am well aware of
  that." He folded his hands before him, and waited patiently. 
 Cerberus bit at his lip as he considered what Azrael had asked of him and
  his house. Could he do this? Take a vampire, Rogue or not, who was as crippled
  as Azrael had described this one as being. Harder yet, could he not? The two
  questions chased each other around in his head. "I suppose I could protect
  him. Hell Azrael, it's not like any of my folks are hot to persecute anyone.
  We hate it enough to be shy about dishing it out to anyone else who, is, like
  us, and not, Lined. So with the exception of one or two that live here, he
  should find no opposition." 
 "I want your word on this one Coven Master. Should the Childe flee here,
  you will see that no one harms him." Azrael knew what he was asking, and wanted
  to make sure that if Loki chose not to live within his home, he would still
  be able to keep his word. 
 Cerberus rolled his eyes. "You have it Old Man." Okay so this, Elder, might
  be more than he had ever thought to be able to face, but he would be damned
  if he was going to let this man order him around in his own home. "If he shows
  up here, I'll throw him Eris's way and consider it taken care of. Not even
  Garren is willing to cross my Husband." 
 Azrael looked at him a look of cautious confusion on his face. "Garren?" 
 Cerberus shrugged. "A Rogue that lives here that has a lot to learn about
  the way to treat mortals. He is the only one that might even make noise should
  this retarded Elder show up. And if he does, I'll allow Eris to challenge him,
  or will do so, myself, and deal with it that way. Don't worry about it Old
  Man. My word, should he flee here, I'll keep him safe. I owe you that." 
* * * 
 David looked up as Azrael returned. "He is downstairs with Megel." He nodded
  his head towards the door on the other side of the room. "Who is he Master?
  Why has he been allowed to live like that?" 
 Azrael held up a hand. "Wait, I cannot answer your questions at the moment.
  I have more important things to deal with, but soon Vincent, I promise you,
  soon." He smiled at his three Chosen. "You three, come with me. Ugly, though
  what you will see might be, it is necessary." 
 Michael looked up as Azrael, and his three, came into the room. "Slowly,
  Father." He warned him. 
 Azrael noted Michael's continued use of the paternal title. Yet questioned
  it not. This poor Childe/Elder needed to see that there were Sire's who were
  as they should be, and not the sadistic beast his was. "My Son," he brushed
  Michael's cheek as he reached for Loki. "I will take the burden from you now." Then
  to his three Chosen, "see Children? Look what pride and foolishness has wrought." 
 Morgan watched as he pulled the silent and pained man into his arms. "But," she
  shook her head. "I don't understand," She looked up at him. "What lesson? We're
  not like him. You wouldn't do that to us. We know that." Both Torin and Robyn
  nodded. 
 The confusion of his precious Chosen was achingly beautiful. "Not his life,
  love, but his pain. My brother," he would not use another word for him for
  now. "He comes here from the death of his love, a mortal. See what immortality
  costs us. To know that even as you love them, and make them yours, you will
  lose them one day. That is the lesson you must face." He lifted Loki's face. "Look
  well, my darlings. Remember this look come the day you choose to take your
  first pet, and know that one day you too will wear it." 
 Morgan turned away, hiding in Torin's arms. The look of unbearable agony
  and unspeakable loss was almost more than she could bear. They weren't even
  Kin yet, and already they were being forced to face the realities of their
  life. "I understand." She wanted to be away from here. Wanted to put space
  between herself and, the, pain that his grief was causing her. But she wouldn't
  ask to be excused. She owed Azrael that much. As long as he wanted her to stay
  and face this, she would. No matter how much it hurt. 
 'Such bravery',  Azrael was so proud of his youngest.
  She stood there, with the pain of this wounded one in his arms, facing it silently.
  Willing to brave anything to show that he had chosen well. They all stood there,
  silent and brave. But it was too soon to ask that they face so much pain. "Megel,
  take them from here, and go. I need to be with our wounded brother now. They
  are still too tender and too new to face more than just moments with him as
  he is now." 
 Michael moved, pulling Morgan with him, Torin with an arm supporting Robyn
  to follow behind and was quick to leave. Nodding once to both Azrael and Loki
  before the door closed. 
 Loki looked up at Azrael. Pain and confusion warred on his face. "Why?" 
 "Why what, Brother?" 
 "Why did you do that? Did those others, the ones you say are your Chosen.
  Did they, are you, was facing me punishment?" There was no other reason that
  he could imagine why anyone would force someone to face him. Forget that he
  was in pain, he was sure they had. But that a whole Kin is willing to force
  those who he had, 'Chosen'  to become his Children, to
  look at him. His own Sire had not been able to face him and his shortcomings,
  how could anyone ask any as young as those three had been to bear it? 
 "No, not punishment. They are just young and will soon be my Fledglings,
  and as painful as your loss is to you, they must, one day, face the same. Better
  they know what the pain looks and feels like, so that perhaps they might be
  better prepared to face it when their day comes. If anyone can be prepared
  for the agony we all feel." 
 The logic behind Azrael's words was solid. But Loki found it hard to believe
  that he was worthy of being used as even an example of how Kin suffered. This
  Elder, he was nothing like he had been warned they would be like. Not once
  had he threatened him, even now, with as helpless and bleeding as he was, Azrael
  didn't try to use his weaknesses against him. No threat of pain, no, judgment,
  not once had the loss of his cursed life been presented as a threat. What was
  more, this one, the whole Kin that held him. Had sworn to Katherine that he
  would see him safe. See him protected. Could they have been more than just
  soothing words from a compassionate man to a dying woman? "So tell me." Azrael
  read the worries and the pain in Loki's eyes and soul. "What is it that I can
  offer you? My word to your love is my bond. I will see you healed, and I will
  see to your care, if you will but permit it. But for, now, don't worry over
  the morrow. But concern yourself with what is happening now." He rose slowly,
  still holding the wounded Kin. "We shall go, you and I, go to my chambers,
  where I will help you to face the loss and to mourn it as it should be mourned." 
 Loki nodded, still too numb, confused and lost to begin to try to understand
  what was happening to him. He was alone now, Katherine was gone, and no matter
  how sweet this Elder's promises were, it wouldn't make any difference, his
  most precious and cherished love was dead, and nothing could bring her back. 
 Azrael carried him through the room, aware of the silent eyes that watched
  his movements with worry and a burning desire to know what this hurting and
  pitiful excuse for a Kin's existence in their home, meant. 
* * * 
 Zak grabbed William. "I got to get out of here." He knew pain all too well,
  had felt his share of it in his short life. "If Azrael asks, I've taken Will
  and we are with Cerberus. If that boy of his can hide here, I figure we can
  hide there." And they both faded before Michael could respond. 
CHAPTER 6 
 Azrael lead the wounded Kin down the hall, trying to break through the wall
  of pain that he had wrapped himself in. It was becoming more and more obvious,
  that with all likelihood, this Child/Elder would die. If he could not reach
  him, make him feel like there was a reason to live, then Loki would not live
  past sunrise. 
 "We are here." He opened the door to his private domain. "Be free here,
  Brother, feel welcome." 
 Loki paid no mind to the room. He no longer cared what would happen to him.
  He wanted to die, would in fact, if only his Sire had not deemed him to feeble
  minded to be taught how to fade. 
 "Loki?" Azrael sat him on the edge of his bed. "Brother, are you with me?" 
 Cool, coal, gray eyes locked with his again. "Yes." 
 Azrael felt a little better. At least this one was still answering him.
  It could be much worse. "Tell me what I can do for you my friend? How can I
  help you?" 
 'Help me'  ? Loki just looked at him. This man wanted
  to help him. "Why?" 
 Again Azrael began to feel hope. If he could get the boy, and yes, he would
  always be a boy to him, to start talking. Then there was a chance that he could
  reach him. "Why what, Brother?" 
 "Why am I here? Why is it that you keep claiming Kinship to me? I am nothing
  and no one. How is it that you, who are not only whole and strong, but Lined
  Kin as well, offer me what my own Sire could not." The emotions were raging
  in him, as he struggled to control himself. "Look at me." He bit back a sob. "I
  am a mistake, an embarrassment. Why are you willing to help me? Why do you
  not just kill me and end my misery?" 
 Azrael sat beside him, making tisking noises as Loki tried to avoid being
  pulled into his arms. "Why?" Well he couldn't fault this one his question. "I
  made a promise to your pet, her dying wish was to see you safe. I would see
  you prosper, just to spite the monster that left you like this. Yes you should
  have died. You should have died back when it first became obvious that you
  had not been able to take the Gift. But you did not. Not only did you not die.
  You have lived for over two thousand years, without shame, without exposure.
  I do not reward such skill," Azrael held up a finger to silence Loki, "and
  yes it is skill, a skill to survive, by letting it fade away." He cupped the
  younger Childe/Elder's face in his hands. "How long has it been since last
  another of your kind held you? How long have you been forced to live as a compete
  outcast?" 
 Loki tried to pull away, but Azrael's fingers tightened. "Over two thousand
  years. After Rafiel realized that I was never going to get any better, he stopped
  sharing his love with me. And began training me to find a human keeper. He
  left me when I was six." 
 If Azrael had believed that nothing else could ever shock him, he was horrified
  to discover how wrong he was. "Six?" It was incomprehensible. "But you were
  his Fledgling. How is it that you ended up being forced to live on your own?
  You were an infant." 
 Loki shrugged. "I shamed him. He couldn't stand to look at me anymore. So
  he left." It bothered him to have to relive this tale. "Oh he came back off
  and on for the next thousand years, up to the point he faded. But he wouldn't
  teach me how to fade, wouldn't kill me, and never touched me again." 
 "If I offered you my love? Would you take it?" First things first. Let him
  begin to feel wanted again. "I know you haven't been with any of your own kind
  in a unholy amount of time, but what about your own sex? How long ago was it
  that you held a male pet?" 
 He thought back. His last male keeper had been Edward, and he was before
  Maggy. 'My God, has it really been that long'?   It had
  been almost 300 years, too long. It had been much, much too long. "A long time." The
  whole thought that this man would offer him, what his own Sire had denied him,
  made him tremble with want and excitement as Azrael's fingers began to undo
  the buttons on his shirt. 
 "Will you share this with me, Brother. Let me offer you the compassion that
  I would offer any of my Kin?" Lips brushed against lips. "Allow me to grant
  you peace, if only for a little while." 
* * * 
 Cerberus sighed, as his home was, invaded again, by those who belonged to
  the Lined Elder Azrael. "I take it that since I haven't heard from your Coven
  Master that he isn't taking having my Fledgling in his home too badly." It
  really didn't surprise him that Zeph had headed for Azrael's the moment he
  was told to run. 
 Zak shook his head. "No, not at all. Azrael was a little concerned that
  you might get upset and make a lot of noise. But other than that, the kid is
  harmless, and doesn't look foolish, so the odds of him causing trouble are
  real slim." 
 Eris, from his standard perch on Cerberus's lap, laughed. "Zephyr isn't
  going to cause any trouble, the boy knows how to behave. He isn't so young
  that he can't be trusted to be outside his Sire's watchful eye for more than
  five minutes." 
 A sound drew their attention as the door slammed, open and, what could only
  be the nastiest vampire William had ever seen, came storming in. "What the
  hell is that?" 
 Zak looked at the intruding vampire. "One of yours Cerberus?" 
 The Rogue Coven Master nodded. "Yeah, that is Garren. Don't let his looks
  fool you Gabriel, he is nice enough to those of his kind. But keep a close
  eye on your lover there, Garren is absolute death on mortals that piss him
  off." 
 William shrugged. "With as filthy as he is, I can see how, he'd kill anything 'living'  ,
  with his smell, all by itself." He muttered to Zak. 
 The vampire that was being talked about moved towards where they sat. "You
  haven't warned that boy not to bad mouth his betters yet, have you Cerberus?" 
 William looked at him with a look of contempt. "Well, when I see someone
  here better than me, I'll consider you advice." Zak had been with him for a
  long time, and William knew that his friend, lover and husband, wasn't going
  to let anyone hurt him, at least not without a fight. A fight that this nasty
  thing would, most, assuredly, lose. 
 The stinking wretch lunged for him, only to be brought up short by another
  Kin. "Don't even think about it." Zak held him at arm's length. "You touch
  my Husband, I will kill you." 
 Cerberus held his peace. He had been getting more and more ill with the
  way Garren abused the humans in his keeping. If Zak taught him some manners,
  so be it. 
 Garren looked to the Coven Master. "Cerberus, are you going to stand there
  and let this intruder threaten me?" 
 Cerberus nodded. "You threatened his husband, lucky you are that his lover
  is still mortal, because if he hadn't been, I would have to back him in his
  drive to teach you manners. Garren you are going to have to learn that not
  every mortal in this house is prey to your abuse. I don't say anything about
  what you do with yours, as long as you follow the laws I set down. But you
  can't keep terrorizing anything that isn't Kin in the house. It just isn't
  right." 
 Garren looked back at Zak. "You wedded with a pet?" The whole concept was
  laughable. 
 "No, William has never been a pet. He was my protector for over four years,
  before I was reunited with my family. He will one day be my Childe, and unlike
  most, as he is my, Husband, first, I will never drive him out." The barely
  contained, fury, in Zak's voice let all in the room know just exactly what
  they could expect if they touched what he claimed as his. 
 "If I were you Garren," Eris began. "I would sit down, shut up and continue
  to live. He's a good sixty years older than you, and trained." 
 Garren snorted with disgust. "I don't make war on my own kind, Eris, you
  know that. If this fool wants to play with his food, that's his business. 
 Cerberus looked up, he hated to breech the subject of the three that this
  thing kept as pets, but if he didn't Eris would have his balls for earrings. "Oh,
  Garren. Several of the Kin in the house and a great many of the mortals here
  as well, say the shape your three are in is a disgrace." He held up a hand
  before Garren could start. "I told you I'd stay out of your business, but your
  business is beginning to effect mine. Do something about their condition. It
  doesn't look good to have kids, beaten half to death, begging help from someone
  other than their master." 
 The look of fury that stole over Garren's face warned Cerberus, that he
  had made a mistake. He should have never mentioned that it had been Jamie,
  one of Garren's three pets that had begged Eris to help them. "Now don't go
  ballistic on us." He began. 
 "It was Jamie again wasn't it?" There was death in his voice. 
 Cerberus nodded. "Garren, you have to be more careful, those three look
  like hell. No one keeps pets like that here. It is bad for moral." 
 William and Zak watched as the two faced each other. "I can see him going
  too far with anyone in his keep." William whispered to Zak. "I'd slit my own
  wrist if I had to put up with him." 
 "Yes, Both Azrael, and my Sire before him, would have strung me up if I
  abused any in my care." Zak was as sickened with this, half-mad, creature as
  his husband was. 
 Garren turned on them with mindless fury. "Trust me." He spat at William. "If
  you had been mine, you wouldn't have to worry about slitting your wrist. You
  wouldn't be able to worry about anything." A hand shot out for him. 
 To be met with a blow that knocked him backwards. "I warned you." Zak's
  voice was calm, his stance serene, as he looked down at Garren. "If I have
  to warn you again, there will be war between the houses, because I will kill
  you." 
 "Keep that 'boy'  of yours in line." Garren picked
  himself up off the floor. "I don't give a damn how you do things where ever
  it is you live, but around here, we don't put up with that sort of thing." 
 Eris snorted. "Wrong, Garren. You are the only one in this house that feels
  the need to abuse those in your care." Then to Zak, "is it true, is he your
  Chosen?" 
 Zak nodded smiling at William. "Yes." 
 Eris looked to Garren. "I'd advise you make yourself real scarce while they
  are here. You have, technically, declared war with him and his house." 
 Both Cerberus and William began to laugh. "I hate to say it, I have never,
  before now, cherished the thought of any in my house getting into trouble with
  Line Kin. But if it had to happen, I couldn't have chosen a better fool to
  be rid of. Get out of here Garren, or I'll throw you to Azrael, as a thank
  you gift, for what he did for Titania." 
 Garren glared at first William, then Zak, and finally locking stares with
  Cerberus. "I'll go. But this isn't over, not by a long shot. I am part of this
  house. You owe me your protection and backing as the Coven Master of it." And
  with that he turned and stormed off down the hall. 
 Everyone in the room let out a collective sigh of relief. "I apologize for
  him, Gabriel. I try hard not to stick my nose into his affairs, but when he
  is taking to threatening another's Chosen. I'm going to have to do something
  about it real soon." Cerberus looked at William, a soft smile on his face. "You
  do know boy, that you are lucky. I don't know many mortals who are so assured
  of their master's love and devotion that they would purposely provoke another
  Kin." 
 "Firstly, I'm not his Master. He is free. Secondly, he knows that no matter
  what, I love him, and will always protect him." 
 "But Gabriel, what happens when he becomes your Childe? Will you still tell
  him he is free?" 
 "No, but I don't plan to make him my Fledgling for a while yet. He's been
  through quite enough in one life. I think it is important to let him heal a
  while before I change things on him." 
 "Well, what ever. It really isn't any of our business." Eris reached for
  William. "Come on, pretty boy, let's go introduce you to the others." 
* * * 
 Loki, bit back a gasp as a slow, easy, cream slick, finger found him. It
  had been so long, entirely too long. His body had forgotten all that it had
  learned in his time with Edward. And now it was as if he was a virgin all over. 
 "Ssshh, relax, Brother. I promise you, there will be no pain." The whole
  concept of a vampire being this old, this virginal, and male, was unheard of.
  There of course, were some of his sisters of the Blood that had chosen to take
  only women for pets and Children, but it was rare. And, this, one under him
  had been taken, by a man. "Let me help you here, Loki. Share a blood bond with
  me." 
 He jerked his head up, in stunned shock, at the ancient one. "A blood bond?" He
  couldn't mean what he was saying. "You would mingle your blood with mine  ?" 
 Azrael brushed his lips, again, with his own. "I want to see you whole again
  Loki, or as whole as one who is afflicted as you are, can be. So yes I will
  share blood with you." 
 The emotional barrier that Loki had hidden behind, crumbled as he broke,
  letting this one who was trying so hard to help pull him close. 
 "Go on, Brother," Azrael held his head to his throat as the wounded Kin
  sought the comfort he was offering. 
 It had been too long, the joy and pleasure he felt as Azrael's teeth broke
  through the flesh of his throat and the bond began was intense. He had forgotten
  that anything could ever be this good. And as the beauty took him, he swore
  that if this man demanded that he live, he would. He would grant this one anything,
  solely for the goodness he had shown him so far. 
 Azrael pulled away. There was something wrong here. He had been prepared
  for the taint that he knew would be present in the blood of a Kin who was crippled
  as this one was. But there was no taint, no weakness. If anything the Gift
  had not only passed, but had passed amazingly strong. "Loki." He needed to
  pick his words carefully. 
 "Yes?" He was on guard, the tone frightened him, there, was something wrong. 
 "I am not sure how to tell you this." He began. 
 "I have to leave, don't I?" He would be thrown out, to be alone again. He
  didn't even deserve the mercy of being killed. 
 Azrael looked down at him in shock. "No," he shook his head. "Of course
  not, you have a place here, if you want it for as long as you want it. No my
  words have no bearing on your remaining here or not." He pulled himself up,
  pulling Loki along with him. "Will you answer a few of my questions?" 
 "Yes." 
 Azrael took a deep breath. "Tell me of your rebirth. What were the conditions
  of your time before your Sire made you his Childe?" 
 Loki looked down, ashamed. His existence as Kin, so far, had not been anything
  to be proud of. And his mortal beginnings were even less. "I don't remember
  all of my past. But from what Rafiel told me, he found me in the streets, and
  liked me." 
 "How old were you, Brother." He knew how much that one word of safety meant
  to this wounded Childe/Elder. 
 "I don't know, I think I was about eleven or twelve. I do know that I was
  dying of sickness and malnutrition. I can remember how kind he had been to
  me, and how he saw that I was healed." A wistful look fell over his face. "There
  at the beginning, he was so good to me. He protected me from others like him,
  and promised me that he would see me grow strong and become his Childe." 
 "And when was that, love?" 
 "I think it was a couple of years later, once again I'm not sure of the
  passage of time. But I am pretty sure that it had to be at least two summers
  later." He looked at Azrael, confused. "Why are you asking me all of this?" 
 "This is not something that I have ever dealt with before." He searched
  for the words. "But you didn't reject the Gift. If anything, it is strong in
  you. Much stronger than I have seen it in any Rogue in a long time." 
 Loki looked at him as if he had lost his mind. "I-but-" he shook his head
  trying to get his brain to work. "I'm an embarrassment. If I was able to take
  the Gift, then why am I like I am?" 
 "How much of your life before the Gift do you remember? Other than feelings,
  do you have any clear memories?" Loki shook his head. "At all, anything?" 
 "No, Rafiel told me that I didn't want to remember the past, that I was
  sick and alone, he saved me from death." 
 Azrael let out a sigh of relief. "Well then I think we can put an end to
  your belief that it was your fault, something about you that made the Gift
  fail." 
 "What do you mean, it wasn't my fault?" He had been told too many times
  that it was he who failed. That now, even facing the truth. He would not accept
  it easily. 
 "You should have never been offered the night, love. You were unstable as
  a mortal. The blood healed you as much as it could, but could not repair all
  the damage. It was your Sire's fault, Loki, not yours. He had no business forcing
  eternity on a child that was not able to bear it." 
 'It's not my fault. I didn't do anything wrong'.   The
  thought ran over and over in his head. Rafiel had told him over and over that
  it was his weakness that rejected the blood. That the Gift, when faced with
  such an unworthy vessel, twisted and turned into something unclean and un-whole. "He,
  he did this to me  . Gave this hell to a child  that
  couldn't possibly hope to use it." He was numb; he could not even feel rage
  at the man who cursed him to this eternal hell. "He trapped me here, like this.
  Saw to it that I can't even fade." 
 The shock began to overwhelm him, leaving him trembling and confused. Terror
  and horror ripped through him, as he lost control. 
 * No, this will not do  . *  A
  soft voice in his mind, as suddenly a soothing blanket of comfort and concern
  covered his soul. And with it the means for control. * I had a
  pet, once, who suffered as you do. I learned how to help her, and now, I can
  help you  . * 
 Loki looked up at him, stunned. "How?" Never, in over two thousand years
  had anyone ever been able to stop his seizure, once it began. 
 "It is not hard. As I said, I had a pet once, she suffered much the same
  as you. Both Megel, and I had to learn how to help her." 
 "Thank you." 
 Azrael kissed him. "Now that I know what I know, I must ask you. Do you
  wish death? As a whole Kin, you can ask it of me, and I, I will stand in the
  stead of your Sire. Do you wish to end this life you have been forced to live?
  Or, live, to perhaps one day, pass the Gift on to a Fledgling Childe of your
  own?" 
 Loki could not believe what he was being told. Could he truly sire, a Childe,
  and would Azrael really free him if he asked? "I, I have wanted to die for
  so long, but I could not fade. I thought of starving myself to death, or exposure
  to the sun, but I am too much of a coward for either of those choices." He
  took a deep breath. "Answer me this Azrael, you have given me so much this
  night. So if you agree, I will believe you." Self-respect something that he
  had never had, before, began to find root. "If I choose to live, this is a
  Covenstead, would I find a home here. Would others welcome me in their lives?
  Would you, help me to train a Childe,  " the very word
  was spoken in a whisper. "One that I could have with me for eternity. I would
  never be alone again?" 
 Azrael smiled, softly, at him. "Yes, little Brother, you will quickly find
  that you have a place here." 'Such, a pretty thing, I could give
  him a home, a family, if only he would take it'  . The prospect
  of offering this wounded, lost, Kin a place to, belong was so obvious that
  he didn't even think to question his instinct. "Answer me this, Loki. If I
  offered you a ' Brother's Right'  , would you take it?
  Allow me to help you to find a home and a family again. Any Fledgling you have,
  would have right to my help, as surely as you do" 
 'Brother's Right',   Loki looked at him, speechless. 'This
      man is offering me 'Brother's Right'  . "You-you would do this
      for me. But wouldn't your Sire hate you for it?" He couldn't be serious. 
 "No, my Sire has been dead for over a thousand years, and the only Elder
  relative I have would be happy to have you as an adopted nephew. All it requires
  is for you to say, 'yes'  ." 
 He would have a family. Something that had been denied him for so long.
  He would never be alone again. "If I say yes, are you going to regret this,
  later?" 
 Azrael's soft laughter seemed to wrap around Loki, making him feel safe
  again. "Regret my actions later? I never, or should I say very rarely, ever
  regret anything I do. I am not worried about it. It is your choice, if you
  wish to be connected to me and mine, you are welcome. If not, I will find you
  a place with the Rogue Covenstead that I have only just defended." 
 Words were no longer needed. Loki knew that he would accept this, and start
  living. For the first time in his life as Kin, really start living. A sob slipped
  from him as he pressed Azrael back into the bed, moving to bring his new brother
  the same joy that he was feeling. 
 Azrael let him show initiative. Pulling him closer, hands warming his skin,
  even as Loki moved to stroke him. * Open yourself to me Loki.
  Let me take the discomfort and shyness from you  .
  *  He locked eyes with his younger Kin. * I will love
  you, forever, you are my Brother, as surely as if we shared a Sire. I will
  never harm you. Never leave or betray you. We will be together, siblings of
  the heart if not the blood  . * 
 Loki sobbed against the lips that seemed to steal his thoughts and his heart
  as they teased his senses. It had been much too long since last a man held
  him, and even the last man, was only mortal. No Kin had touched him since he
  had become Kin full and no longer needed his Sire's blood to live. 
 There was strength here, but no brutality. Passion and sharing pleasure
  that was felt, in the giving, as well as the receiving. 
 Goosebumps seemed to dance over Loki's flesh as his new lover and Brother
  toyed with, him, bringing gasps and cries of mindless pleasure. He clawed at
  the bed-sheets as he felt the cool, gentle mouth moved first to his left tit
  and then to the right. This was unlike anything that he had ever felt. Not
  even Katherine had ever moved him, as Azrael was. Could it be that only Kin
  could effect Kin fully and without reservation? 
 Azrael pinned his hips to the bed as he drew his hardness into his mouth.
  Smiling to himself, around the hardened flesh, at Loki's startled and pleased
  cry. * Am I to assume that you like what I am doing? *     He
  chuckled to himself at Loki's enthusiastic moan of agreement. * Relax,
  love just enjoys. You have been without pleasure, true pleasure, for far to
  long. Let me give you this  . *  
 * Let me, how do I share this with you? *  Being
  able to talk mind to mind, was a plus. And here like he was, it wasn't hard.
  For the first time in his whole life, being open and sharing with, another
  wasn't hard. 
 Again the cream slick finger found him. * You are sharing this
        with me. You, who have not shared anything, with anyone, not mortal for
        so long, forget. Everything you feel, I feel. The more pleasure I give
        you, the greater my reward  . * 
 Loki, locked his fingers in Azrael's hair, crying out as the blaze of release
  took him, ripping through his body and out his shaft in one solid, glorifying,
  wave of heat and joy. This man could do anything to him now, and he would let
  him. * Now  , *  he wanted
  to feel him make love to him now. 
 * Yes, now, I will give you what we both want  .
      *  He pulled him up, offering Loki the jar of cream. * Has
      it been so long for you? You do know what I need? *  Loki
      nodded, eagerly reaching to coat the flesh that he wanted to feel inside
      him. Azrael moaned softly, before capturing him in his arms, holding him
      close. * Lean forward for me, my love. Let me show you something
      sweeter than anything you have ever dreamed  .
      *  
 Loki cried out, in both pleasure and shock as, with one fluid movement,
  Azrael was in him. How could he have let himself go for so long without this?
  There was nothing that he had ever felt, that even came close to this joy.
  Not even when his Sire had held him and loved him. He didn't understand, nor
  did he care. All he knew was that, with love and patience, he was getting the
  chance for a life that he should have been offered so many years ago. And for
  that, this man, who held him so carefully, could ask him anything, and he would
  give it. 
CHAPTER 7 
 'You know. There are some days, that it just, don't, pay a guy
      to crawl out of his coffin'  . Cerberus thought to himself,
      as he leaned back against a wall, rubbing his temples. 'There
      goes my love life for a while'  . 
 Eris was livid. He had attacked him the moment he had rose from his rest.
  The fury so great in him that he, literally,   vibrated
  from it. "He did it again." Arms crossed across his chest, challenge radiated
  from him. 
 "Who?" Yep, he would be sleeping along for at least a week. When, ever,
  his husband got this upset. He would pull away from everyone and everything
  for days, just to sulk. Was one of the reasons he went out of his way not to
  upset his lover. Because, when ever he was upset, he was a pain in the ass. 
 "Garren, that's who." The shock in Eris's voice was real. "What, you mean
  you don't know?" 
 Cerberus sighed. "No, Eris, I don't know. But I can, guess by the way you,
  are, acting that Garren is acting up again. Okay, what did he do, this 'time'  ?" He
  felt the comings on of a really bad headache. 
 "He did it again." Eris didn't feel the need to explain what it  was.
  The whole Covenstead knew what ' it  ' was. Garren had
  killed another mortal. 
 "Shit." Cerberus hit the wall. "Okay, baby, I'll talk to him, again. He
  promised me that this wasn't going to happen again. I'll take care of it." 
 "Well, would you like to see how well he keeps his promises? He left the
  poor boy down stairs, locked in the room with those other two kids he has been
  keeping. He wanted them to see what would happen to them if they failed him
  again. Son of a Bitch doesn't even bother cleaning up after himself anymore." 
 " What  ?" Garren had left a corpse in his house. He
  had tried to keep his nose out of Garren's business, as long as he didn't attack
  or threaten any that did not, belong to him. But this was going too far. "Where
  is he?" He moved across the room, heading for the stairs. He would see that
  this fool pay for this. 
 "Gone out to find a, 'replacement'  ." Eris was satisfied.
  He had known the moment that Isaac told him what had happened, that Cerberus
  would see it dealt with. 
 Cerberus ripped the locked door off the hinges, in his anger. But the girls
  frighten scream, as he stormed into the room, pulled him up short. These kids
  had to be scared out their minds already, no need for him to make matters worse. "It's
  okay, you two. It's just me." But as his head lifted, and he took in what was
  on the bed, he fell silent. "Oh, Shit." 
 The sight before him sickened him. 'He dies'  . The
  only clear thought he could focus on. 
 The two teenagers were, tied to the corpse. It was between them. Cerberus
  touched their minds lightly, before pulling back in horrified disgust. 'That
  bastard, he had no right to do this'  . He was glad he had not yet
  eaten, for the sight before him would have brought any blood he had taken down,
  right back up again. 
 Garren had tied the corpse between the two and forced them to, lay, there
  locked in a sick form of intercourse with it. And now that they lay there,
  shivering with cold and fear, Cerberus seriously feared for their sanity. "Here,
  let me." He slowly moved forward to untie them. 
 Eris, who had followed him down the stairs gagged at the sight, as Cerberus
  gently pulled the body from between the two children. "I'll kill him." Anger
  gave his blood fire. "I swear this. That bastard is dead." 
 Cerberus shook his head as he gathered the two, close. "No lover, as Covenstead
  Master. That is my privilege. What you need to do is get rid of the body. And
  then come upstairs and help me decide what to do about these two." He shushed
  them. "It's okay, both of you, everything is going to be okay." 
 The little girl looked up in mindless fear. "Please, Master. Don't do this." She
  tried to pull away. "He will kill me." 
 Eris snorted. "Amy, listen to me. Your ex-master isn't going to kill anyone.
  He will never be allowed to touch you ever again." He looked to Cerberus. "I
  mean it. You let that, thing, near those two ever again, and I'll be gone so
  fast you won't know what hit you." 
 Cerberus nodded. "Trust me, love. The only thing this fucker is going to
  get is my fist down his throat." He had no idea what he was going to do with
  another two pets. His house was full, and though he knew that Zeph was looking
  for one or two, he didn't think his Childe was up to dealing with the two he
  had on his hands right now. "Come on you two, let's get you upstairs." 
* * * 
 Loki had never, not even in his wildest dreams, ever thought to be where
  he was now. He had insisted that, upon rising, Azrael verify what he had promised
  the night before. Making sure that it wasn't just bed-talk. Azrael only laughed
  and kissed him, telling him he didn't have to worry about where his home was
  anymore. This left him speechless. But as Azrael greeted and introduced him
  to each member of his new household, he went quickly from merely shy and withdrawn,
  to overwhelmed and in tears. "I," he looked to the man that had given him a
  life that he had forever believed denied to him. "I can't believe that all
  of you want me. That I am not an embarrassment." Old patterns die hard, and
  though he was trying to remind himself that there was nothing to be ashamed
  of. It wasn't easy. 
 David looked to Billy. "Elder," he smiled. "You will learn, quick enough,
  that this house and Covenstead is unlike any other you might ever run across." 
 The room erupted in a many voiced laughter. "Just you wait, Master." Maria
  smiled at him. "Soon enough we will have you up to speed." 
 Zeph, who Morgan had attached herself to upon rising, had been silent during
  the introduction. But as he was the only one from his home there at the moment,
  he felt it best if he say something. "Elder?" He looked to Azrael. "Is there
  anything you think I should pass along to my Sire?" 
 "No Childe. I spoke to Cerberus last night. Warning him of the chance that
  Loki might not want to live here, and assuring that if he chose to leave, he
  would not be left alone." For the first time since the boy had come into his
  domain, Azrael gave him his full attention. "So, now that we have everything
  settled, what are we to do with you?" 
 Zeph shook his head. He didn't understand what the Elder meant. "Do with
  me?" He had thought that Azrael's agreement with his Sire would cover him.
  Now he was beginning to worry that it might not. "What do you mean, 'do
  with me'  ?" 
 Azrael chuckled. "Oh, please, relax boy. I have no intentions of harming
  you in anyway. I was only curious about what to do with you, in regards to
  my Chosen." He pointed to Morgan. "I am going to assume that you are courting
  her with a purpose in mind." 
 Zeph looked down at Morgan, who was looking up at him with a curious look
  upon her face. "I know she is a woman, and all, but she is so cute, Elder." He
  was trying to figure out something to say that didn't sound stupid. But nothing
  he could come up with made him sound like anything but the village idiot. 
 Finally he took a deep breath, ran a hand through his hair, and looked up
  at Azrael. "Do you have a problem with my getting to know her?" 
 "No, not at all. The problem here as I see it is this. You're Sire is not
  one of the Lined Kin, nor do I think is he going to approve of a romance between
  the two of you. For all his desire to belong and be accepted, he is most intolerant." 
 'Well, I can't argue with that. Cerberus is the hardest headed
      man I have ever known'.   But following right behind that thought
      was a reminder that his hardheadedness was one of the reasons he had fallen
      in love with him to begin with and that same hardheadedness is what allowed
      him to open and successfully run a Rogue's Covenstead. "Okay, so are you
      telling me that if I talk Cerberus into allowing Morgan to spend time with
      me, and she is willing, that you'll be cool about it too?" If that was
      true, he felt sure that he could have Eris talk Cerberus into almost anything. 
 Azrael smiled generously. "' If'  , he agrees, and 'if'  you
  are sweet and most importantly, 'if'  my Chosen 'agrees'  ,
  I have no problem with the two of you having an affair. She is after all my
  Chosen, and as such she needs as many loves as she can live with. But." His
  tone turned harsh and cold. "Harm her, hurt her in anyway, and I will see that
  your Sire punishes you unlike you have ever been punished before. Lucky are
  you that you are Kin, for if you cause my Chosen pain, I will have your manhood
  cut from you, and you will have to wait until the thing grows back." His voice
  never raised, his tone was almost calm and conversational. But the words he
  spoke had Zeph clutching at himself as his scrotum crawled up into his body. 
 He opened his mouth to respond, when suddenly, * Zephyr  .
      *  It was his Sire. 
 Zeph held up a hand pausing, the, conversation. * Father  ?
      *  He wasn't sure if Cerberus knew where he was yet. * I'm
      at the Elder's place, what can I do for you? *  
 He had expected irritation, but the relief that swelled up through the tie,
  confused him. * I know. Eris told me when I started looking for
  you earlier. Actually, your being where you are, is, a good thing  ,
  *   a moment of silence . *  I'm
  going to have to talk to Azrael for a few minutes. Why don't you come home
  for now, I have something I am going to need you to do, and I need to talk
  to you  . *  
 Zeph looked up to where Azrael sat, watching him. "I have to go home for
  now." He stammered rising to his feet. "Cerberus says he wants to talk to you.
  I'll be back as soon as my master lets me." And he was gone. 
 Azrael sighed. * Yes, your Childe says you have words for me  .
      *  And here he had thought that everything was going to be moving
      along quietly now. 'Oh, well, when will I learn'?  
 *  I heard of the boy you have, the Mage.
        Is he as good as I hear he is? *  
 'Torin'  , what in the world could this one want with
  his Chosen? * Yes, he is quite talented. Why, is one of your pets
  hurt? *     Now this was not something
  Azrael expected. Why in the world would the Rogue Covenstead, Master, need
  his Chosen. 
 * Yes, and no  , *  silence.
  * Ask Gabriel if he remembers a Kin that lives here named Garren  .
  *  
 Azrael looked up. "Gabriel, Cerberus has asked if you remember one of the
  Rogue that live with him. Garren is his name." This was getting more and more
  curious by the moment. 
 Zak growled softly. "Yeah, I remember him, I came within a hairs breath
  of challenging that fool. Why?" 
 *  Yes, he remembers him. Now tell me
        Cerberus. Why do you need my Chosen, and what has this Garren to do with
        it? *  
 The silence lasted just long enough for Azrael to begin to wonder if Cerberus
  was going to ever answer the question. Then , *  I
  have two of what used to be his feeders; they are in real bad shape. I won't
  go into detail over what that bastard did to them, but suffice it to say, I
  don't even think Set would have gone this far  . *  
 The entire concept that anyone could be more cruel and twisted than the
  Renegade that he had, killed surprised Azrael. * What is wrong
  with them? *  
 *  They are starving, have been beaten
        with an inch of their lives, the sexual abuse is unlike any I have seen,
        other than Set. I'm afraid that their minds are going to be the hardest
        thing to heal. They are none too stable right now. Trust me, old man,
        I wouldn't be calling for help if I thought I could take care of it  .
        *  
 Azrael nodded to himself. * Very well, do you wish to bring
        them here, or should I bring Torin to you? *  
 * I'll bring them there, some of my folk are still a little
        shy around you. Give me a few minutes, and I'll bring them to you. *  The
        connection broke. 
 Azrael looked up, troubled. "Robyn," he looked to his third Chosen. "Where
  is your mate?" 
 She grinned pulling away from Valerie. "Last time I checked, he was still
  with Casey. Why?" 
 "We have a situation on our hands. Cerberus, the Rogue Covenstead Master,
  is bringing two children here for Tori to heal. They have been severely abused
  by the Kin that was supposed to be caring for them." He held up his hand, to
  halt any further questions. * Tori pet, *   there
  were times that the ability to speak mind to mind was quite handy. 
 A wave of, confused thoughts swept over him, then, * hi, this,
        is Tori. I'm out of my mind right now, but if you would leave your name,
        and a detailed description of what you want me to do to you at the sound
        of the moan, I will get right back to you  .
        *   The low, moan that echoed through his head caused Azrael
        to laugh out loud. 
 * Love, I do hate to interrupt your play, but Cerberus is bringing
        two abused pets to you for healing. I really think you should pull yourself
        together and hurry down here  . *  
 A moment as he felt his pet struggle to control what was going on with his
  body, and lose. A cry of pleasure that seemed to pull Azrael along, with it
  came, from his Healer/Mages mind. Oh, shit, yeah.     Pleased
  feelings . *  Okay, boss, I'm on my way.
  Just let Cerberus know that Casey is probably going to be a bit put out with
  his timing.  
 I am sure your little friend will survive, after all, he is
        the last of any of the pets we have here, to begrudge your help to anther.
        You have been so much a part of his healing. *  
 *I know that, Master, so does he, but still, it came at a real
        bad time. *  
   Azrael came back to himself, aware of how
  his new brother stared at him. "Yes, Loki?" 
 "What was that all about." He had felt the surge of lust and passion that
  had flowed through Azrael. 
 "Tori, my other Chosen. He is both a Mage and a Healer. Cerberus is bringing
  two children here who need his help. I had to track him down, as he was rather
  busy at the time." 
 "But?" What he had felt didn't feel like a call for help. "I felt, you-he,
  what happened?" 
 Azrael chuckled. "As I said, he had been rather busy, and I caught him at
  the end. You are going to have to learn to deal with things like this, or the
  house will drive you mad." 
 Loki could only look at him and nod, trying to figure out what he had gotten
  himself into. 
* * * 
 Zeph was surprised to see the two mortals that were huddled on the couch. "Shit,
  what the hell happened to them?" He could not accept that anyone here would
  do this to someone. 
 Cerberus growled. "Garren is what happened to them. Now I have to go hat
  in hand, again, to see if I can get them healed. I called you home so that
  I could ask you. I have no clue what to do with these two. I don't need them,
  and no one else that I know of does either. So Zeph, you have been looking
  for one or two of your own for the last few weeks, you want these kids?" 
 Zeph knew Garren, knew him well enough to really hate him. "No." There was
  no way he could even hope to hold up to what these two needed. "I, there is
  no way in hell." He backed up. "I'm sorry, Father. But I don't think I could
  take care of them the way they need to be taken care of." 
 "Shit." He swore. "Now I am stuck with trying to figure out what to do with
  them again. I had hoped that you could take them off my hands." He sighed. "Well
  I suppose we can wait and worry about what to do with them, after they are
  healed." He turned to look at Eris. "When that Renegade shows back up here,
  take what ever kid he has snatched away form him and tell him if he isn't here
  when I get back, I am going to track him down and kill him myself." Then his
  look darkened. "Slowly." 
 "Gladly." Eris reached for Zeph. "You stay here with me, Zeph. Your Father
  wants to talk to you when he gets back." 
 'Father'  , okay it could be worse. Eris could have
  said 'Master'  . "Sure. I'll be here." 
 The cold of the Dark Paths was all the warning that Azrael's house needed
  that they were going to be getting company. But when the company came in the
  shape of a vampire, with two battered, and frightened, mortals. "Holy shit." David
  swore and he and Michael moved so that Cerberus could lay the two down on the
  couch. "What the hell happened to them?" 
 "Like I told the Elder, one of those that live in my house. His name is
  Garren. He isn't exactly a good guy to know if you aren't already dead." 
 * Torin, we need you, now  . *  Azrael
  was so stunned that, for the moment, he could not even feel anger. 
 *  Coming down the stairs even as we speak,
        boss  . *  
 "Again, Azrael, my house is in your debt." He hated to admit it, but at
  the rate things were going, he would never be able to break connections with
  this man. And he wasn't sure if that were a good or a bad thing. And it was
  the not knowing that was driving him to distraction. 
 Azrael waved his hand. "Think nothing of it, You saved my girl, it is I
  who owe you." 
 A startled gasp at the door as Torin came in, and was pulled up short by
  the look of the two. "' Fuck me'  ." He whispered. Then
  looked up at Cerberus. "You are gonna have to tell them what I am going to
  do. They are just scared enough to lose their shit right now." He moved into
  his role as Healer with a sureness that impressed anyone who didn't know him. 
 Cerberus knelt before the two kids. "I want you both to listen to me. This
  is Torin, he is a Healer." He smiled. "He will see to it that all the things
  that Garren did to you, go away." He would have to speak very slowly and carefully
  to these two for a while. He didn't think they were quite all there. 
 Torin sat, cross-legged, on the floor. "If you could, the girl looks hurt
  worse, would you hand her down here?" 
 "It's okay Amy." Cerberus picked her up. "See, he isn't a vampire, he is
  like you and Kyle. He's a Healer Hon, he will make it all better." He gently
  handed her over to Torin. "Fix her, I promised her that I'd see her and her
  friend taken care of. So if you can, fix her." 
 Loki looked that the two, horrified and confused. "Excuse me." He pulled
  up and away from where he had been leaning against Azrael. "But, tell me, what
  did these children do? You can't tell me that they misbehaved badly enough
  to deserve what was done to them." The thought was unthinkable. "If they were
  that much trouble, then why didn't their master just dominate them and deal
  with it that way." Sheltered he might be, but really. 
 Cerberus shook his head. "They weren't bad," he looked at him hard. "Elder?" His
  eyes sought out Azrael, who nodded. "Garren just likes to hurt people who can't
  fight back. He has killed so many that I told him after the last time he had
  to dispose of a body, that there would be no more killing in my home." He sighted. "Well,
  I thought I had gotten him under control, but this evening, I found out that
  I was wrong. That not only had he killed another one in his care, and in my
  house, but he had also tied the body between the two and added an extra twist
  of perversion." He would not mention what was done to these kids, not while
  they were in, earshot. * He forced them to lay, the girl with
  his dead member inside of her, and the boy with his frozen erection thrust
  into the body  . *  
 Loki's face, which had already been ghostly white, took on an even paler
  hue, as Azrael began to swear. "What is going to happen to them?" 
 Cerberus shrugged. "I guess I will take them home with me and see what I
  can do about finding them a home again. I had hoped that, Zephyr would take
  them, but he isn't quite up to the challenge. So I am going to have to figure
  out something else to do with them." The frustration in his voice was like
  a raw wound. "I could just rip this, thing, to pieces for what he has done.
  He will die. I just can't decide how to do it yet." 
 Torin looked up from his work. "There you go, honey. You are all better
  now." Her mind was a little shocky, but Torin had every faith that with time
  she would heal. She had been damaged after the blood bond, so that the blood
  had protected her mind. She was luckier that Billy, and from what he could
  see, than Loki as well. "Master?" He looked up to Cerberus. "If you would bring
  the boy here, I'll take care of him as well." He indicated to the girl in his
  arms. "She is healed and is going to be fine. Lucky for her, that, jackass,
  blood bonded with her before he started to really hurt her. If he had waited,
  well, let's not go there." 
 Kyle looked up, warily, as Cerberus reached for him. "Come on, kid. You
  saw what he did to Amy. He won't hurt you, he's a Healer." 
 "Please." His voice was a breath above a whisper as Torin took him into
  his arms. "No more. Kill me, please." 
 Torin shook his head. "No one is going to kill you. And no one is going
  to do anything like this to you ever again. I am sure that once I get you healed
  up, a safe home can be found for you." He looked at Cerberus. "Isn't that right, 'Master'  ?" 
 'Oh-ho'  , Cerberus thought to himself with amusement. 'This
      boy has a mouth on him like Zeph does. Yeah, I can tell he's, Chosen, and
      he knows it too'  . "Yeah, boy, I'm clueless about what I am
      going to do with them right now, but I will find somewhere, where they
      won't have to worry about being beat up on anymore." 
 David looked to Michael.  *  You want
        to offer, or shall I. It isn't right for those two to have to go back
        to the same house that had been their hell  .
        *  
 Michael looked to Azrael, Master  ?  He
  would, of course, give his Sire first choice on this. 
 *  Wait. I would, but the fact that relations
        between Cerberus and I are still, strained to be kind. But I believe
        if what I am feeling from my new brother is any indication, that the
        problem will be dealt with in just a moment or two  .
        *  
 Loki looked at where Amy, huddled, on the couch. Then to the boy that was
  resting in Torin's arms, watching with amazement as the Mage healed him. "Cerberus.'
  He had made his decision. "What would you say to letting them stay here?" 
 Cerberus looked up confused. "Elder?" 
 "I asked." Loki was beginning to believe that his fears over his own failings
  were all shams. "If you would permit them to stay here? With me." 
 Cerberus looked to Azrael. "This is the one you came to me about last night,
  isn't he?" 
 Azrael nodded. "Yes. But as you can see, he has found his place and his
  home with me." Now he would see just how much of a battle he would have on
  his hands to get others outside of his house to respect the Childe/Elder. "Cerberus,
  those two children could do with a far worse master than my brother here. After
  all, he is far too withdrawn to ever do them harm." 
 Cerberus rubbed his chin. "Okay, Loki?" 
 "Yes that is my name." 
 "I gave these two my word that I'd see them taken care of. If I leave them
  here, are you going to see that my word is kept? They've had enough horror
  and pain to last them five or six lifetimes." 
 Loki actually laughed. "Trust me, I have lived almost my entire life, depending
  on mortals for my care. I'd be, more, likely to do myself harm, than them.
  My Sire wasn't much in the way of a Sire, but even he, as flawed as he was,
  would have ripped the life out of someone who did that to any living creature,
  most importantly, a mortal in their care." He reached out to squeeze Azrael's
  hand. "I know what fear is. I know what shame and self-loathing are. So as
  I see it, I am the best suited to take care of these two now that they are
  healed and are needing a new home." 
 Cerberus looked to Azrael again. "I don't have a problem with it, if you
  don't." 
 Azrael was really rather pleased with his new ' brother'  . "Cerberus, " he
  chided, "this is a Covenstead. Unlike you, we have yet to get so many that
  we are, having, to turn them away. If Loki wants them, and believes he can
  care for them, far be it for me to refuse him." 
 Cerberus nodded, relieved. "Good, then they are yours Elder. Now all I have
  to do is decide what I am going to do with the thing that did this to them." 
 Torin looked up, finished with Kyle. "Master." He stood, helping the boy
  over to the couch. "Let me. It was my kind he hurt. Let me teach him the errors
  of his ways." He never once doubted that Azrael would permit it. After all,
  what good was all his training if he couldn't use it for something useful? 
 Cerberus looked to Azrael. "Sure, why not. Do you think your Chosen is up
  to it?" He hoped that Azrael would say yes. It would be just what Garren deserved
  to be beaten by a mortal. 
 "If my Chosen thinks he is up to this challenge, I have every faith in him." Azrael
  would let his Chosen try out his powers. "But Cerberus, if he fails, do not
  let this fool kill him. He is offering to do you a favor. So I am asking you
  one in return. My boy might end up hurt in the challenge. But see that he,
  does not, end up dead." 
 Cerberus nodded. "Not a problem Azrael. And after this is over. You and
  I are going to have to sit down and have a serious chat about the two of our
  Covensteads, and the fact that they are getting more and more connected." 
 Azrael nodded. "So be it." Then, turning to Torin. "Love, come here." He
  held out his hands. 
 "Master?" He was curious why Azrael had called him to his side. 
 "Listen to me. This is your first battle, your first real test. I believe
  you are capable of facing this creature, which revels, such, pleasure in abusing
  helpless children. I want you to show him that not all mortals are as 'helpless'
  as he thinks they are. But if you fail, just come home alive. There is no shame
  in trying something that is out of your ability. If you must fail, then do
  so with dignity." 
 Torin nodded. "I will, but trust me. I don't plan to fail." 
 He just smiled at his brave Chosen. No, he could see why his Mageling didn't
  plan on failing. It was a good bet that this fool, whatever his powers might
  be, was not a Mage. "Then I am worrying for nothing. That is good. I would
  rather worry for nothing, than to not worry and end up wishing I had." 
 Torin pulled away from his master. "I'm going to see if Cerberus will take
  me with him, and I will deal with this, jerk." 
 "Call me when you are finished. I will come and get you." The smile on Azrael's
  face was radiant. He was so proud of his Chosen, all of them, but at this moment,
  his Mageling most of all. 
 "Don't worry about it Azrael. The boy takes care of my problem, I'll make
  sure he gets back here in one piece." Cerberus held out a hand to Torin. "Come
  on kid, let's go deal with our mutual problem." And the stepped back, fading
  into the Dark Paths. 
CHAPTER 8 
 After Cerberus and Torin left, the room fell into silence. Loki sat there
  looking at the two that he had just taken charge of. They looked back at him
  with eyes filled with hope and fear. Hope because for the first time in a long
  time, there might be a chance for something other than hell. Fear, because
  they both knew what the odds were that this one was any different from the
  last. "What am I going to do now?" Loki was worried. "He didn't even explain
  to them that they were safe now." 
 Maria, along with both Valerie and Jenna, moved to sit beside the two. "Don't
  worry about it Master." She smiled at him. "I have gotten rather good at reassuring
  confused and frightened new members of our house." She reached out and patted
  Kyle on the arm. "My name is Maria." She spoke carefully. "That is Valerie
  and Jenna. We belong to your new master's brother, who happens to be the Covenstead
  Master here." She made her introduction. "Now I didn't pay attention, what
  did they call you what, is, you name, again?" 
 "K-Kyle." He looked from her to the other two women beside her. "My name
  is Kyle, and hers is Amy." 
 Maria nodded. "With as much as you have been through so far, you might want
  to have your master change your name." Then, looking to Amy. "You too Hon,
  sometimes it is easier on you, if you can forget the past. A name change is
  a step in the right direction." 
 Amy looked from her to Loki. "What's gonna happen now?" She had faced enough
  in the last two months to last her a lifetime. "What's he gonna do to us?" 
 Azrael nodded at the two children. "Loki, you had better go and see what
  you can do to start their emotional healing. Tori, he took care of their bodies,
  and has assured us that with time their minds will heal too. Now it is your
  turn to work on their hearts. 
 Loki only nodded, before pulling away to face what he had to face. Dreading
  it. 
 They looked at him with fear filled eyes, as they cowered before him. "Hello." He
  tried to project calming energy, soothing both their fears. "I know that Cerberus
  didn't give you much notice, but, I'm your new Master." 
 'Master'  . A, word, that had come to mean nothing
  but horror and shame, to them. This one was their new 'master'  .
  The reality hit them hard. 
 Neither said a word, looking down, accepting the harsh facts of their continued
  existence. They were silent, other than Amy's soft sobs. 
 Loki smiled at them softly. "Tell you what, why don't we go and get you
  both a bathe, and then I can get you fed." He stood, holding out a hand to
  them. "Then we can sit down and decide what we need to do next." 
 Both Kyle and Amy looked at each other before deciding that it really would
  probably be better for them if they obeyed. Pain could come at any moment,
  but if they failed to obey, it would come harder and faster than if they were
  good. "Come on, Amy." Kyle pulled her up as he stood before Loki, supporting
  her. 
 Loki reached out, brushing first Amy's cheek, then Kyle's. "You don't have
  to be afraid of me. I won't hurt you. Can't you try to believe me?" He could
  feel Azrael's strength behind him, assuring him that he would not falter in
  his efforts to control himself and the energies that he was working with. Domination,
  even with humans, was not an easy task for him. But with Azrael's added strength
  and skill, it was easier than it usually was. 
 He looked up, seeking Maria, who he knew to be the lead among the mortals
  here. "Can you help me, I don't know where anything here is, yet. I need to
  get them cleaned up, and some sort of clean clothes dug up for them." He smiled
  at her. "If it is possible." 
 Maria nodded. "Yes, Master, it is possible. I'll just ask Casey and Morgan
  to loan them a few things. I am sure that Azrael will see to it that your pets
  are cared for. You are family now, after all." She grinned at him and then
  the two beside him. "Follow me." 
* * * 
 Eris had never been so happy to see Cerberus in his life. Garren had returned
  with another boy, this one couldn't have been more than sixteen, maybe seventeen.
  And upon finding out that Cerberus had taken his other two from him, he went
  ballistic. Eris had had to use force to restrain him. But was beginning to
  want to put a stop to the whole problem by just killing him, but Cerberus had
  claimed that right. "About time you got back here." 
 Garren turned to look at Cerberus. "You had no right." He snapped pulling
  away from Eris to face the Covenstead Master. "I follow the rules here, am
  polite and show respect to those who don't deserve it, just because you ordered
  it. And now this is how I am treated." He was shaking with fury. "I want my
  two back. I also want the one your lap toy took away from me. I own them. And
  you had no right to take them away from me." 
 Cerberus refrained from knocking the fool across the room. He felt pretty
  sure that Torin would be taking care of that soon enough. "Garren," he looked
  at the enraged Kin with contempt. "Shut up. I laid down the rules for you,
  but you couldn't follow them. I have told you repeatedly to lighten up on those
  in your care. You couldn't even do that. So I took care of the problem, I took
  them away from you." He held up a hand to halt any protest. "Now you will listen
  to me. If you live through this night, and the one that is going to call challenge
  on you doesn't do you in. You will stay here, but I will not let you have anymore
  mortals to abuse." 
 Garren looked at him shocked. "Are you telling me that I am now yours? You
  think you are strong enough to take me?" 
 Cerberus couldn't resist this time. He knocked Garren back, over the coffee
  table, and onto the couch. "I don't, think, anything. I know I am. But I'm
  not the one you are going to have to answer to." 
 Torin stepped forward, letting everyone in the room, see him clearly for
  the first time. "I am." 
 "And who is this lover?" Eris looked him over. "You replacing me?" 
 "No, though I think about it from time to time. But no, I'm stuck with you,
  or you with me, which ever, way you want to see it. This is Azrael's Chosen,
  the Mageling that I took Amy and Kyle to see. He's here to call Garren to task
  for his treatment of the mortals that had been in his care." 
 Garren pulled himself up, looking at Torin, with an amused look on his face. "I
  don't accept challenges from, 'mere mortals'  ." He laughed. "The
  idea that this little boy could threaten me, Cerberus, you are joking right?" 
 "Garren, I wouldn't view his threat so lightly if I were you." Cerberus
  warned him firmly. "Not only is he the Chosen of a Lined Elder, but a Mage
  as well." He saw understanding dawn in Garren's eyes. "Good, now you see what
  your stupidity has bought you. I hope he beats the shit out of you first, then
  kills you. You don't deserve to live." He looked to Torin. "Are you listening,
  boy?" 
 "Yeah, I'm all ears." Torin was actually only paying him partial attention,
  the greater part of him mind lost in exercises to pull the power he knew he
  would need for the battle. 
 "I want you both to listen to me. Garren, if by some strange chance, you
  win. I have given my word to the Mageling's Master that I will not let you
  kill him. So if you win, you get your life back. But if the boy win's you understand
  that your life will be at an end. Do I make myself clear?" He wasn't worried
  so much about how Torin would behave. If the boy, was anything, like his master
  and soon to be Sire, then he would be fine. But Garren was known to cheat and
  fight dirty. He would have to keep a close eye on the fool to make sure he
  didn't break the rules again. 
 Garren looked at Torin, a sneer on his face. "You can't be serious, Cerberus.
  If he can't be killed, then I can't really take up a challenge. Wouldn't do
  me any good, beat the kid, and get killed by his master because I hurt his
  precious toy." 
 Torin snickered. "Oh, I wouldn't worry about that, if I were you. I already
  know that I run the risk of being hurt here. My master won't come after you
  if I get a bit bruised. But I don't think that will be the case here. I'm going
  to beat the shit out of you, just to show you that not all mortals are yours
  to abuse." He reached out, down his tie to Robyn, to pull on the power that
  they shared. * Blue, I'm going to borrow a bit, if it's okay with     you.
  I have a need to use it to teach this asshole a lesson  . *
  He opened himself to his love. 
 * Not a prob, pretty face, take all ya need, just get that
        bastard, and get him good  .  * Torin
        had to grin. His fellow Chosen and bond-mate was much, much, more blood-thirsty
        than he was. It was another of the ways they balanced each other out. 
 He came back to himself as Garren continued to make threats at him. "Look,
  you." He struggled for a word that would come close to how he really felt about
  this beast. "You pompous ass wipe. Are you going to fight, or are you planning
  on winning this challenge by boring me to death?" 
 Garren lunged at him, certain that all he had to do was get his hands on
  this upstart. Once he did that, there wasn't anyway that Torin could do to
  save himself. 
 Or so he had thought. 
 He met a wall of force, solid and unyielding, knocking him back. The boy
  really was a Mage, and it looked like he had some idea how to use his gifts.
  A straight frontal assault wasn't going to be possible. 
 "Well, well, aren't we just full of surprises." He muttered pulling himself
  up. "I didn't believe Cerberus, when he told me that you were a real Mage.
  My mistake." He reached out, testing the force behind the barrier. "But I have
  to know, Mageling. Can you keep this up and protect yourself from this?" A
  mental slap, so strong that it forced Torin back a bit. He hadn't been expecting
  that either, well they both had underestimated the other, and they both were
  learning not to make that mistake again. 
 Torin pushed back, getting his balance once more. "You mean like this?" Could
  he piss this guy off, make him so angry that it would be easy for him to lose
  control. "I'm sorry I didn't mean to imply that you were stronger than me,
  it's just that, with as stupid as you are, I was stunned that you thought of
  that." And his will locked down, holding onto Garren's as he began to push
  it back where it came from. 
 'NO'!  Garren could not believe what was happening.
  This boy, a 'mortal'  , was winning. He could not let
  that happen. He struggled against the force that was being pushed down against
  his mind. Struggling to find a way to break free of the force. 
 Torin laughed. "Shit, and here I thought I was going to have a fight on
  my hands." His words were blows to Garren. "You could have, at the very least,
  given me something that was worth my time. But you're pathetic. Gabriel should
  have let Will take you on last night." 
 All around the room was silent. No one wanted to disturb the battle that
  went on, before them, each, and everyone, of them, cheering the Chosen of the
  Elder, the Mage. And what was more, not the first one felt the least bit guilty
  for cheering for him, against one of, their, own kind. Each, and everyone,
  of them had decided that Garren was no longer one of them, or their kind. The
  last perversion had settled it for even the least judgmental. 
 Cerberus held Zephyr close, as they watched the battle. "Once this is over,
  and the boy kills the monster. I need to talk to you." He was going to give
  in and accept the reality of life now. He was not going to be able to separate
  himself from the other Covenstead. 
 Zeph looked away from the battle before them. "I thought I was forgiven,
  Father." It wasn't like Cerberus to hold a grudge. 
 He laughed. "You are," an affectionate squeeze. "No, Zeph, I was being a
  fool. I'm sorry for taking my anger out on you when I punished you, it was
  wrong for me. You didn't know what had happened, Eris finally made me see that.
  We are going to make a pact with Azrael and his Covenstead." He watched his
  Fledglings face as it lit at once. "So, Eris was right. You did take a liking
  to that little Chosen of Azrael's." 
 Zeph looked at him in shock. "But, Cerberus, Father, how did he know? I
  didn't say anything, didn't really even think about it last night." Now Zephyr
  really did believe that Eris could do anything. "I don't understand, she's
  a 'woman'  ." 
 This time Cerberus laughed outright. "Boy," he cuffed him lightly. "Best
  you learn now, that that Childe of mine, he reads folks like there were books.
  He knew that given more than two minutes in her company, you would decide you
  were fond of her, girl or no. And, what, with, her, being Azrael's, Chosen.
  It would be right and proper." He captured the younger Kin's face between his
  hands. "You are my youngest Childe Zephyr. The baby of the family, as it were.
  Do you think that I would do anything to keep you from growing, as you need
  to grow? I am even willing to put aside my past and fears, to see to it that
  you have a chance that I never had. I would have earlier, for any of your brothers,
  but they never presented me with such an incredible dilemma." He chuckled as
  Zeph pressed against him, returning the kiss freely. "You are spoiled, you
  do know that?" 
 "Yes, to, the core." Zeph pressed against him, as they turn their attention
  back to the battle. 
 Garren was losing ground. He knew that it would only be a matter of moments
  before he lost this challenge. He thought frantically of something, anything
  that would turn the tide of the battle. He would not lose to a mortal, no matter
  how powerful or gifted that mortal was. 
 Torin's eyes narrowed, a fine film of sweat covered his face. This was taking
  longer than he thought it would. Garren wasn't much in the way of Kin, but
  he was tirelessly persistent. No matter how much force he used, no matter how
  many times he was knocked to his knees, he would pull himself back up and continue
  the fight. Torin found himself being impressed despite himself. "Why don't
  you just quit." He growled the words out between clinched teeth. "The more
  you piss me off, the worse it's gonna be when I do get to you." 
 Garren wanted to respond, but he didn't dare. If he broke his concentration,
  even to answer this upstart, he would lose. And as he sweated and struggled
  to maintain his strength, he began to believe that he was going to lose. There
  was no way that he could hold up under this much longer. He had hoped that
  by just hanging on and struggling to keep his defenses up that he would wear
  this boy down, but he had been wrong. He was going to lose this, and he was
  going to die. 
 'So be it'.   He decided. 'But if I'm going
      to die, I'll take this idiot with me'.  Death might be his destiny,
      but he would see that if he went, he would take this boy, who had dared,
      challenge him, with him. 
 The sudden loss of resistance caught Torin off guard. One moment the barrier
  was, there, pressing back against his will, the next nothing. He fell forward,
  stumbling blindly, confused. He wasn't sure what had happened, but before he
  could gather his wits about him again to make his next move, Garren was on
  him. 
 Garren pinned him to the floor. "I might die, boy, but I don't plan to die
  alone." He snarled, fangs extending as what meager remains of humanity that
  he had still carried, vanished. 
 Both Cerberus and Eris moved to stop what was happening before them, both
  knowing that with all probability, the boy would be dead, or seriously wounded
  before they pulled them apart. 
 Or so they had thought. 
 Garren growled low with victory as his fangs went to rip out Torin's throat.
  Even, as he heard Cerberus's roar. Yes, he would die, but he would take this
  one with him. 
 *  I think not  .
      *  Azrael's cold, angry, mind touched his, freezing him in place,
      teeth just pressing against Torin's throat. 
 * Thanks boss, *   Torin sighed pushing the
  paralyzed vampire away from him. * That was a little too close  .
  *  
 *  You, are my Chosen, I love you. I will
        never allow you to face anything that you might not have the strength
        to face, alone. Not so long as you live in my home and are under my care  .
        *   The warmth and loving energy that flowed over him helped
        to pull his shattered wits back together as he struggled to pull himself
        back to his feet. 
 "What the hell was that?" Cerberus reached out to steady him so that he
  wouldn't fall on his face again. "How the hell did you pull that off. I was
  sure that I was going to have to explain to your Master how you ended up both
  a challenge winner and dead, at the same time, in my care." 
 Torin shook his head. "Wasn't me. Azrael was watching out for me. He stepped
  on him." He grinned. "I didn't think I was going to have that much trouble
  with him. Damn he's stubborn." 
 Cerberus looked at the frozen body of the now soon to be dead man. "And
  he cheats." Cerberus leaned over sneering down into the frozen face of Garren. "I
  thought I made myself clear, if the boy lost, you let him live. If he won,
  you were to die. But you could not even respect my order as Covenstead Master.
  You are more than just worthless, you are dangerous, far too dangerous to be
  left alive." He looked up to meet Torin's eyes. "So, Mageling, how do you wish
  him to die? Do you plan to kill him, or should I take care of it. It is enough
  that you beat him." 
 Torin went to respond, and suddenly found the ground rushing up to meet
  him. 
 Eris moved to keep him from becoming one with the floor. "First things first
  'Coven Master', let the boy sit down before he hurts himself." 
 Cerberus chuckled. "Yes, dear." He looked down at Torin. "A piece of advice
  kid. Never let your lovers decide that they can run your life." 
 Torin just snorted. "Too late." 
 "So," Cerberus sat beside him. "It's your call kid." 
 Torin looked from him to where Garren still lay on the floor. "I suppose
  I need to deal with him, hu?" He hadn't thought what would happen once the
  war of wills was over. But now he had to decide what to do. Should he kill
  him, could he do it? "I don't know, Master, I never thought I'd end up doing
  anything like this." He ran his hand through his hair. 
 Garren lay there, silent and still. He would die now, and this boy, this
  upstart that had violated the rules with his challenge, far more guilty than
  he ever had been, was going to live. Not just live, but would see to his death. 
 Eris shook his head. "Cerberus, the boy is a Healer, and mortal too boot.
  There is no way that he can be expected to kill him. It would set up a bad
  precedent " 
 Torin laughed at that. "Yeah, isn't it written somewhere in the guild rules
  that kine don't beat up on Kin. It just isn't supposed to be done." 
 Eris laughed. "I am glad to see that after all that you just went through,
  that you still retained your sense of humor." He looked him over carefully. "Cerberus,
  best you call his Master. There is no way the boy is going to make it without
  help." 
 The Coven Master nodded. "You are right, of course, if I tried to return
  him now, he would broadcast our presence to everything that walked the Dark
  Paths, and in his shape, there is no way he could hope to protect himself." He
  looked at Torin. "So, you want to rest up a few before we decide what to do
  about Garren, or do you just want to wash your hands of the whole thing, and
  let Azrael take you home. I can call him to fetch you in a wink." 
 Torin closed his eyes. He wanted to go home so badly. To, curl up between
  Robyn and Azrael and sleep. But he had a duty here too. He had lain the challenge,
  and he had won it. Now it was only right that he take part in the punishment. "Nah,
  I suppose I best hear what you have to say. If I don't, I'll wonder for the
  next 100 years." 
 Azrael looked up at the weary touch of Torin's mind on his. * Yes
        pet? *  
 *  Boss, if you don't mind too much. Could
        you come and get me. Cerberus and Eris are a bit worried that, with me
        in the condition I am in right now, I'd never make it home without becoming
        something's lunch. *  
 Azrael allowed the amusement he felt flow back to his Chosen. * I
        had already assumed that that would be the case when I stopped the renegade
        from killing you. Yes Tori, give me a moment here to see to it that all
        that is going on here proceeds as it should, and then I shall come for
        you  . *  
 *  Thanks  .
      *   The relief was strong. * I love you  .
      *  
 *  And I you, precious, and I you  .
      *  
 Azrael looked up, mind seeking out his new Kin. * Brother  ?
      *  
 A light, still timidly shy response, * y-yes  .
      *  
 * I am going to retrieve my Chosen. He has won his challenge,
        but is unable to make it back to me safely. Is everything going well
        for you? *  
 * Maria has brought us to a bathing room. The tub, it is huge.
        It is positively hedonistic in size. I am in the process of trying to
        convince them both that I will not harm them. It isn't easy, but I think
        that I am making a little progress  . * There was a mixture
        of frustration and pleasure to his thoughts. Pleasure that he had made
        some, progress, and frustration at how little he had accomplished so
        far. 
 *  Have faith. It is only a matter of
        time before you win them over to you  . *  He
        briefly touched the minds of the two youths. Yes, they were frightened,
        but they would heal. If only given the time. * I am off.
        If you need help, please do not hesitate to call upon either Megel or
        Vincent. *  Azrael sent a brief mental embrace as he stood
        up. "Well I am off to bring home the challenge winner." He smiled at
        Robyn. "That boy grows more and more surprising everyday." 
 "Yeah, I know." She beamed back at him as he faded from the room. 
 Loki moved slowly, trying to soothe the fears that were still very much
  a part of both his new pets. He wondered how long it would take him to win
  them to his, side, and then to his bed. He had never been faced with anything
  even remotely like this in his life, so he had nothing to draw from. All his
  mortal pets had been pampered and loved. He had depended on them too much for
  them to be treated as anything less than as the cherished, and valued, darlings
  that they had been. 
 "So," he sat on the edge of a large sunken tub, one that would easily hold
  twice their number. "Will it frighten you both more if I bathed with you? I
  have yet to have my bath today, and I am a bit grimy." 
 Amy looked to Kyle. Would he make waves now? "It's okay, isn't it Kyle?
  Our new master, he wants to bathe with us. It's okay isn't it?" Her eyes begged
  him to not make a fuss. Everything was going so well right then. But all the
  good could stop in a moment, and the hell that they had just escaped from could
  return just as quickly. 
 Kyle looked up at Loki for a brief moment before lowering his eyes. "Master," again
  the softest of whispers. "If you wish to join us, it's okay with me, I'll be
  good." He fought the urge to pull away as Loki reached for him. He would know
  the truth now, good or ill, his master would show his hand. 
* * * 
 Torin smiled as Azrael sat beside him. "Hi, Boss." 
 "I hate to tell you this, pet, but you look wretched." Azrael brushed a
  loose strand of hair from his Chosen's brow. "You should always try to look
  your best at all times. It instills dread in the hearts of those less powerful
  if you can prove your strength, and look as if you have done so without breaking
  into a sweat." He teased the boy. 
 Torin groaned. "I'd tell you to bite me, if that wasn't such a bloody invitation
  to you." 
 Several other Kin in the room chuckled as Azrael nipped at Torin's Throat,
  playfully. "You did well, precious. I could not have asked for you to have
  done any better." He turned to look at where the Rogue Kin still lay frozen
  in place. "He's still alive I see." He looked back at Torin. "Why?" 
 "I'm a Healer, Master, I don't take life unless I have to. Cerberus can
  do whatever he want's to do with him, keep him here, kill him, what ever." 
 Azrael looked to Cerberus. "So, this is your Covenstead, what is your will?" 
 "If you leave his like he is, I'll just put him outside where he can watch
  the sun rise. Fitting enough death for him, don't you think?" 
 A frightened whimper escaped Garren's throat. They were going to leave him
  to the sun. Bad enough to die, but not like that. 
 "Yes, but really, you should be a bit more creative than that." Azrael's
  force left him, leaving him panting on the floor. "Strip him, bind him and
  remove the offending portion of him anatomy first. Then let the sun finish
  your work." 
 Cerberus moved to grab Garren. "You know what, old man, remind me never
  to irritate you." The sound of ripping cloth filled the air as Cerberus rendered
  him naked. "Will you be sure to let the Elder, that has taken charge of the
  two that he hurt so badly, know how he met death." He took the blade the Eris,
  grinning, handed to him. "So, Mageling, kill you can't, I know that. But what
  say you to a little alteration?" 
 Torin took the knife held out to him, "thank you, Master," he passed it
  to Azrael so that he knew he could use it effectively on the Renegade. "You
  know what?" He asked his master as he took the offered enchanted blade back. "You
  and Robby must be having a terrible effect on me, cus, suddenly I'm feeling
  a hell of a lot more bloodthirsty than usual. Or maybe it's just that this
  asshole really pisses me off." 
 Eris just laughed at him. "A boy after my own heart. Go on lover, take the
  trash over and let the boy deal with him before we set him up to see the sun
  rise." 
 Garren began to struggle, screaming threats as he was dragged to the couch
  where Torin lay. "Oh, do be quiet." Azrael reached out and touched the struggling
  vampire. He stopped his struggles, has voice reduced to being nothing more
  than horse cry's as Torin grabbed his manhood. 
 "This is for those two kids I had to fix earlier." And with that, the blade
  flashed and the member came away with his hand. Garren screamed, spasming,
  even paralyzed, in pain. 
 Torin dropped the bloody piece of flesh on the floor as he fell back against
  his master. "I'm done, can I go home now?" 
 "Shall I leave him as he is now, or would it be better to just leave him
  free, let him struggle naked to hide from the sun?" Azrael hushed Torin as
  he moved to gather the poor exhausted, Mageling, in his arms. 
 "Go on and leave his like he is, Azrael. I'll just shove that worthless
  piece of meat down his throat and hope he chokes on it. Thank you again for
  lending me your Healer Mage. The boy is going to be damn right deadly in a
  few years. And thanks for your help and your advice. I think I'll add gang
  raped to his list of punishments before we set him out to meet the day." 
 Azrael only chuckled. "And here, you fuss at Lined blood for being ruthless.
  You do us proud, Rogue or no." He bent his head in acknowledgment before stepping
  back on the paths. 
CHAPTER 9 
 Loki was beginning to believe that he would never get through to the two
  that were with him, at least not without showing much more patience. Oh well,
  that was the one thing that he had gleamed over the more that two thousand
  years he had lived as an outcast. "You stare at me so Amy, what is it that
  you wish to ask?" 
 The girl just looked at him, fear and burning pain in her eyes. "I, I hurt
  Master." 
 Then it dawned on Loki. The child was near starving. They both were. "If
  I offered you blood, Amy, would that go to help ease your fears? Come here,
  lean against me while I feed you." He did as he had done so often with his
  own pets. He gathered her into his lap, ripping at his wrist with his fangs. "Drink,
  precious," he closed his eyes at the feel of her mouth on his wrist. "Forgive
  me. I had forgotten that the two of you were so badly treated that the beast
  would have denied you even this." 
 The girl showed no shyness as she drank from his wrist, finally able to
  cool the burning that had been eating at her guts for almost a week. 
 "Again?" he pulled his hand away, only long enough to reopen the vein at
  his wrist, before looking up at the boy, a soft almost distant look. "And you,
  Kyle, pet, if she is in this state, how fare you?" 
 The boy looked at him, then to Amy that leaned against him, his wrist against
  her mouth. "You mean this? What do we have to do for it?" He wasn't as willing
  to trust as Amy was; he had been Garren's 'pet'  for several
  months longer than she had. He shyly reached down and grabbed himself, and
  then reached for Loki's hand, bringing it to his trembling loins. "Is this
  what you want me to do for it, Master?" He whispered. 
 Loki would have answered him, wanted to protest, but the child in his arms
  leaned back against him, head lifting to meet his lips. She was willing, for
  now, to be with him. "Soon, I promise." He kissed her once more before looking
  to Kyle. "Stop it, Kyle." He squeezed both Kyle's fingers and the trembling
  maleness that was being offered, gently before pulling away. "I don't want
  you to do that, child. You don't understand. I only want to help take care
  of you, to make up for what that monster did to you both. Do I enjoy touching
  you, oh yes, and will do so often. But not like this, it is not something that
  you have to do, and never just to be fed." 
 "He only blood bonded us so that we could not live without him, or any vampire." Kyle
  shook under Loki's intent gaze. "Please Master, what is it you want me to do
  for you, how do you want me to earn your blood?" 
 Again emotions that raged up in him, sending him seeking help that only
  Azrael had been able to give so far, but with him, or so he thought, gone,
  would undo him. 
 * No little Brother, not now, I am here, I will safeguard your
        soul.  * Azrael's mind touched his, and with it, he felt
        control returning. 
 "Kyle," Loki opened his eyes, locking stares with the boy. "I am going to
  say this, just one more time. I will not starve you, and I most assuredly will
  not, demand you do anything, other than try to believe me, when I tell you
  I am not like that breast that abused you both so. All I ask is that you try
  to trust me enough to let me prove how wrong he was, and how safe the both
  of you are now." He gently pushed Amy from him lap. "Like now, If I offered
  you my blood, would you come here, trust me to give it to you, free from pain?" 
 The boy moved slowly. Ever aware of how quickly this one could change on
  him. "This what you want?" He let himself be pulled up into the safety of outstretched
  arms. "Am I doing what you want, Master?" 
 "Yes, child, that is what I want you to do." Again the flash of fangs as
  he ripped his wrist open to offer it, yet again, to a starving child. Pulling
  back, only long enough to open the wound again, before offering Kyle his bloodied
  wrist, one more time. "There, do your need more?" He smiled down at the confused
  youth as the boy pulled away, trying to understand why he was willing to kiss
  and be held like this by this one. "I mean it, I'm old enough that the little
  bit that you are taking from me, I can survive without, or will see if I can
  feed on those other than the two of your, to replace." 
 Again that, now rapidly becoming familiar touch, of a mind on his drew his
  attention. * There is no way that you can give them what they
  need, feeding them that way. Draw your own blood and pass it to them. If they
  are willing to kiss you, they will see how rapidly you reward them. *     Azrael's
  mind touched his with an offer of help. 
 *  Thank you. *  
 *  They are not the first badly abused
        pets I have dealt with in my time. Any help I can offer is their just
        due. And yes, I will see that you not suffer while you wait for them
        to heal. *  
 Loki looked back at his two. "Answer me this, if I was willing to bleed
  for you, will you accept my blood, how ever, I offer it?" He touched Kyle's
  cheek. "Trust me, remember, I have not harmed your or your little friend here." 
 Kyle looked at him closely. "If I," he stopped. He closed his eyes, willing
  down his fear. "Yes, Master." 
 Loki bit his wrist, drawing blood into his mouth, before bending to kiss
  the boy. Feeding him as much with the blood as with the affection he offered. 
 The boy pressed against him, mouth hot and open as the blood was passed
  to him, tongue seeking to gather all traces of it from Loki's mouth. 
 Three more times did Loki offer the boy his blood in this fashion, and three
  more times did he find the boy willing and ready to accept it. "Enough, Kyle," he
  kissed him, feeling the boys body tremble in his arms. "Hush, I'm not mad at
  you. Would that I could, I would like nothing more than to take this to where
  it leads, but, Amy needs me too." 
 "Thank you, Master." Kyle lifted his head, daring to kiss Loki before letting
  his master push him from his lap. "Anything you demand, anything at all. I'll
  gladly give you." This time Kyle reached for Loki's erection, caressing it
  shyly. "You won't have to make me do anything." His lips were light as he freely
  kissed Loki. "I swear it Master, anything, I will do it." 
 Loki shook his head. Hands reaching down to cup Kyle's face. "I am not going
  to make  you do anything Kyle." He bent to kiss the boy.
  Yes he still had to care for Amy, but he would not push the boy away. "Other
  than perhaps tell you to finish your bath while I attend to Amy." Kyle pulled
  away, nodding as he moved to obey. Loki was glad that he still had so much
  of Katherine's blood in his veins. If he had not, then dealing with these two
  would have presented a hardship. But the blood of his lost love gave him the
  strength to help his two new ones. Even in death, she had served him. 
 Robyn fussed as she checked over Torin. "Damn you. I told you that you could
  take all you needed. Why didn't you?" 
 "I didn't want to pull too much, it's your power too." He tried to reason
  with her. 
 "So now, I get to use it all on you to fix you. You can be so stupid sometimes." 
 Azrael just laughed. "Be gentle with him, Robyn. He meant well." But he
  knew that the girl had a point. He had not known that she had been willing
  to offer anything she had for his bright boy. The fact that Torin had not taken
  what was offered was on one hand, charming, and on the other, frighteningly
  stupid. 
 "I'm sorry." He sighed as she kept nagging him. "Hey give me a break, it's
  not like I've ever done this before. I fucked up. It won't happen again." 
 "Better not. I might not be as good as you are yet, but I can do a few things,
  as a 'woman', than no man, Mage or not, can." 
 Torin took note that at no time had Azrael spoke up to defend him. So obviously
  his master was agreeing with Robyn. "Okay, I'm sorry Blue. I really am, won't
  ever happen again." He closed his eyes as he felt the warming rush of strength
  returning to him. "I love you." 
 "If I didn't love you as much as I do, I'd let you stay this way." She fussed. 
 Azrael looked up as Loki returned. The two he had taken charge of following
  close behind him. "Loki, how goes it?" 
 The Childe/Elder smiled at him. "They are beginning to believe, or at least
  they are while I'm feeding them." 
 Azrael nodded. "Patience, little Brother. It will take time, but they have
  that now." He smiled at the two youngsters. "Come on in children, as you can
  see, your Lord is at peace here. That means that if he feels secure, then most
  assuredly you both are safe." 
 "Oh, guys," Torin tried to pull up to rest on an elbow, but one dark look
  from Robyn changed his mind. "Here is a news flash for you two. I beat that
  asshole that used to abuse you two. Beat him, and made sure that his dick was
  on the floor in a bloody mess before I left. So, you don't have to have any
  nightmares thinking that that shit is ever going to come back and hurt you,
  ever again. He's getting to see the sun rise in a few hours. That should be
  that. I've never heard of a vampire that can deal with the sun and make it
  for more than a few hours." 
 The two looked at Torin in a mixture of shock, fear and gratitude. Kyle,
  inparticular, he had been praying for Garren's death, for so long, that now,
  with it at hand, he wasn't sure how to react. "Thank you." 
 "Any time. I don't deal well with idiots that go around hurting innocent
  kids for no reason. And just so you know. If ever the day comes when your Master
  isn't able to protect you, mine will. You might not understand this right now,
  but family is real important to this bunch. Az is Loki's brother, and as such,
  it's his place to take care of anything that he can't." 
 Loki smiled at the two as he motioned for them to take a seat. "See, I have
  been telling you all evening that you were safe here. Now maybe, after hearing
  it from another mortal, you will believe me." Then to Torin, "thank you. It
  eases my heart to know that that madman will not rise to greet the night, ever
  again. As I said, as sad a Sire as mine was, not even he would have ever allowed
  the abuses that were performed on these two to stand unchallenged." He didn't
  have to acknowledge his new relationship with Azrael, he knew that his, new,
  brother understood. 
 Torin just bowed his head, saying nothing. He understood why Azrael had
  placed this one where he had. As souls go, Loki was by far the most harmless
  of all the Kin the he knew, even Cain was harder. But by being so, he was also
  the poorest able to survive in public. How he had managed to live as long as
  he had, and do so without exposure or shame, was beyond him. It couldn't be
  thought of as any less than a miracle. 
 "Yes, and just so the two of
  you know." Azrael's voice was soft. "Had, my, Chosen not been able to deal
  with that fool. I would have. Believe, if you can, you are safe here. No one
  will ever do to you, what that beast did." 
 "Oh, and Master." Torin looked at Loki, smiling. "Just so, you, know. You
  could have taken this shit down, with just a little help, yourself." 
 Loki smiled down at the two children, before looking up, gracing Torin with
  his joy. "Well, thankfully, I did not have to. You did it for me." Loki just
  wanted the discussion to end. Yes, he had wanted his two to see that he had
  told the truth, but enough was enough. "Oh, ' Brother'  ." He
  smiled at Azrael, using the word that he had heard spoken by Azrael, so often
  since their meeting. "Thank you for your advice. I would have never thought
  of bringing them to me, by feeding them, that way." 
 Azrael just laughed. "Would you believe I was almost your age before I learned
  of it. Megel is very fortunate. I introduced it to him when he was still mortal,
  and I am sure that he will do the same for his Chosen before long, if he has
  not already." 
 "It is his most loved way to take my blood, save from my orgasm, and there
  is never enough then. I have made it something of an reward for him." Megel
  hugged Jason to him. "But, I think that I will feed him like that, as a mortal,
  just one more time. I have no doubt of his loyalty to me, or his love. He has
  been with me, almost three years now, has given me his heart, his mind and
  his soul. I am going to give him what he has more than sufficiently paid for.
  Tonight I will make Jason, my Fledgling." 
 "So, I am to be a Grand0Sire, again?" 
 "When we rise, he will be my Childe." 
 "So that is why you were so set on taking Ben." Joseph laughed. "Well, well,
  looks like I'm getting a younger brother." Okay, so Michael had been serious
  when he made his pledge. Joseph knew his Master and Sire, wanted Jason, but
  the Vampyr tended to be so weird about time. Soon for, them could be an hour
  ago or sometime within the next year. 
 Azrael just shook his head. "First Cain, then Gabriel, and now Jason. I
  am beginning to feel old." 
 Jason pulled up, looking at Michael. "Can we go to bed?" 
 The room burst into laughter. "No, but don't be in such a hurry to throw
  your mortality away. Enjoy it while it lasts." Michael kissed him, bending
  to bite him, briefly. 
 He moaned, hands tangling in Michael's hair, trying to hold his head in
  place. He didn't care who saw them, or the fact that they were not alone. Like
  this, all he cared about was what he was feeling. 
 Loki watched, touched beyond words. He so looked forward to, being able
  to pass the Gift to his, own, Chosen. And for the first time in his life, he
  knew that his wish would, one day, come true. 
 Azrael looked, to, his two, precious, Chosen, who, were also his two, apprentice,
  Mages. "If I was not so concerned that I could not hold you both alive while
  the first of you went through your transformation, I would take you as well." 
 Torin pulled himself up. "It's okay Master. Robyn and I have been talking.
  We are willing to take the risk. I have confidence in the link we have, and
  it's ability to see us through anything." He felt Robyn's arms around him as
  he pressed back into her. "If you mean this, We are more than just ready." 
 He looked at his two. Could they mean what they were saying? Was there a
  chance that they really were that connected, that powerful? And if they were,
  did he have it in his heart to deny them their wish. Finally, giving into what
  he knew was going to be a loosing fight, Azrael's just chuckled to himself. "So,
  am I to take it that you have no desire to be younger than your nephew?" 
 "Who the fuck cares about that?" Robyn dismissed it completely. A year,
  and still Azrael had not broke her of her habit of profanity. It was rapidly
  becoming obvious that it was always going to be there. "I've been wanting this
  since about my third day here. Torin has told me how much he has always wanted
  it. Hellfire, I've heard you fuss at him more than once for asking for it." 
 Azrael just nodded. So be it, if this is what they were to do, he would
  help them. But if it were a mistake, then he would see to it that their last
  night, living, would be one of just that, living. "Then, if you wish this so
  strongly, perhaps you will be willing to show me." 
 Robyn smiled. "Gladly, Master." She gave Torin one last quick squeeze as
  she brushed a kiss across his lips. 
 She had her shirt, off, and beginning to work on her jean button's when
  she knelt before Azrael. "Yes, Master." 
 Loki looked down at his two. If this was going to be what he feared it would
  be, he wasn't sure that the children could handle it yet. "Azrael, perhaps
  it would be wise of me to take Amy and Kyle and see to where I am going to
  put them." 
 He frowned. "If you feel you must, but surely they can be made to understand
  that what is happening to Robyn is not the same as what happened to them." 
 Azrael looked down, at the light, warm touch on his arm. "Let me, Master.
  I'm still like them and, mortal. So they will still believe me." 
 She stopped, just beyond her reach of the two, looking up at Loki. "With
  your permission, Master." 
 Loki pulled back, "yes, of course, anything if it begins to ease their fears." 
 Robyn knelt, smiling, to place a hand on each of their legs. "Hi, I'm Robyn.
  Now I know that some of what is going on here tonight, might look a lot scary
  as you only have your experiences to draw back on for understanding. But that
  is not what is happening at all. I happen to like what they are going to be
  doing to me, I like pain." She saw the shocked horrified looks that they gave
  her. "No, never like that. That asshole had no right to do what he did to you.
  I wouldn't have liked it anymore than you did. But they aren't going to be
  doing those kinds of things to me. Just pushing me to my limit. That's all." 
 "But," Amy looked both lost and scared. "Pain, it hurts so much. How can
  you like it?" 
 "It's not the same thing honey, I know they are as much concerned with what
  I want as they are about what they do. Pay attention, yes I might cry and beg,
  but never will you ever see more than marks and welts on me. The only time
  my Master makes me bleed, is when I'm feeding his hunger. I'll carry his brand,
  soon enough, but unlike what was done to you and too many others here, If I
  don't beg to pay the full price for my marking. Either one of the other Kin
  will offer to block the pain, or Torin will." She reached taking, first Amy's,
  and then Kyle's, hands, pressing them against her breast. "It's okay, I'm not
  bothered at all. Take the ring in my nipple and tug on it." She made Amy keep
  her hand against her breast as the girl tried to pull away. "Go on, just a
  tug. I promise to tell you when it starts to really hurt." 
 Kyle looked at the ring as it lay against his fingers. Could she be telling
  the truth, or was this just another, lie, a trap set to get them hurt again.
  But as he lifted his eyes, to catch Loki smiling down at them, he chose to
  take a chance and, try, believing for a change. So he gripped the ring and
  pulled shyly. 
 "Come on Kyle," Robyn chided. "I'm not going to break. I'm a hell of a lot
  more tolerant than that." Then she looked back to Amy. "It's okay, Any, try
  to trust just a little. Who knows, if you prove that you are willing to try
  this, your Master might just let you stay and we can play. I bet you never
  got the chance to just play. Did you?" Robyn pulled Amy's head to hers, gently,
  before she kissed the girl. "Playing would be, so nice, don't you think?" 
 Kyle couldn't believe how hard he been pulling, when Robyn finally lay a
  hand on his, signaling him to stop. "That's enough. Now do you believe me?" 
 Kyle nodded, looking at Amy. "She's
  telling the truth. I don't understand it, but she is telling the truth." 
 "Of course, she is." Azrael was extremely pleased with his Chosen. "Now,
  Loki, do you still feel the need to take them aside, or has my girl proved
  to you that they can face it willingly?" 
 Loki looked at the two again . *  I cannot
        tell, haw, are they doing, emotionally, at this moment? *      
 *  Far, better than you are giving them
        credit for doing. They are going to be fine, Loki. If there, comes, a
        point that they simply cannot face, then they can be taken aside and
        spared. But for, now, let it be. *  
 Loki nodded. "If they don't mind staying, and you are willing to share this
  with us, then I will stay, and keep them with me." He felt Amy, pull close,
  daring, perhaps, his notice to hide from the rest. 
 Robyn moved quickly, finishing the buttons on her jeans and pushing them
  down over her hips, even as she knelt before Azrael again. "Now Master, what
  is it you wish of me?" 
 Torin pulled himself into a standing position. "I'll go get the toys." 
 "You know how to do this, pet, you have prepared yourself many times for
  us." Her master fussed at her. "Go to the corner, and make yourself ready for
  me." She moved to stand up, "on your knees, pet." He moved to follow her. "I
  am beginning to believe that you would be lost without me. You have been set
  free." He stood back, watching, as Robyn settled herself in the hammock like
  swing, legs parted, hands going to tease herself. The absolute abandons in
  her every movement and gesture was well trained from many of these lessons. "Do
  not take your eyes from mine, Robyn. You wish this, show me how much you do." He
  reached down and pulled on the ring in her clit, sharply, bringing a whimpered
  moan from her. "Soon, sweet, soon Tori will be back, and then I can see to
  your decorations." 
 "Father?" Michael drew his attention. "Should I send those not Kin from
  the room like was done the first time?" 
 "No, she will entertain us all." He bent to kiss her, "will you not, sweet?" 
 "Yes, Master," her chest rose, pressing a breast into his hand. "Anyone,
  you know that." 
 Azrael looked up to Loki. "Do you think that your boy there is ready to
  try and be brave enough to touch my girl?" 
 "I don't know, maybe in a while, but for now, I am afraid that he and Amy
  are still too shy." He touched first Kyle's cheek, then Amy's, before lifting
  his eyes to fully meet Azrael's for the first time. "But, if I may, I would
  like her just as she is. I'm a bit boring in my tastes." 
 Azrael just laughed, pulling away. "Well give it time, Brother, give it
  time. You and I have eon's to spend together. And if I what I hope truly is
  true, and you will learn to be open. Soon enough you will learn to play the
  games I play with my girl." He motioned for Loki to feel free. 
 The Childe/Elder kissed first Amy and then Kyle before moving to go to where
  Robyn was readying herself. "I never had more than two lovers at a time. I
  am new to this." He reached out and touched the ring that she was toying with,
  ever so lightly. "You are going to have to help me, Robyn. I am frighteningly
  ignorant as to what you need." 
 She captured his hand in hers, bringing it up to her lips. "Anything you
  want, Master, anything you want." 
 "There in lies my problem." Even wounded as he was, he responded to the
  complete submission that was being played out before him. "I want so much,
  yet I have no idea what you want." 
 Azrael came up behind him, reaching to unfasten his trousers. "Share this
  with me Loki. Make love to my girl, even as I love you." He pressed his ear
  against the younger Kin. "She is still mortal, Loki. I give you leave to feed
  from her." 
 Loki moaned as Azrael pushed him forward, responding to the need for blood.
  Yes, he could feed from her, bring her to him that way, if nothing else. 
 Robyn closed her eyes as the dual feeling of penetration and the sharpness
  of his teeth, took her. Her hand went to support his head where it was, even
  as her hips lifted to ease his entry. 
 Michael smiled, looking down at Jason. "Go, take the lubricant and help
  Azrael." 
 "Here, Master." Jason had long since lost any shyness with the Elder Covenstead
  Master. 
 Azrael closed his eyes, as a firm, hand covered his hardness. "You will
  make a fine Childe. Even if your birth is a trifle early." 
 Jason just laughed. "I beg real good Master." 
 "Yes, I am sure you do. Thank you for your aid." He pulled away, just long
  enough to kiss his soon to be Grand-Child. Before returning to his play. 
 Loki moaned low, face pressed into Robyn's neck, as Azrael entered him.
  It was glorious, being trapped, as he was, between two lovers. But as Azrael's
  teeth found purchase in his throat, even as he pulled Loki's head to his, offering
  another bond, he was lost. 
 Again, Azrael was stunned by the clean taste of Loki's blood. Even knowing
  that, his brother, had not been of failed blood. The cleanness of it surprised
  him. He pulled away. Kissing the wound as it closed. Making a final choice.
  * Answer me this, Loki, if I took you as my, Husband, would you
  have me? *  He did feel an overwhelming love for this man, one
  that would live through the ages, vampires were never failing in the intensity
  and longevity of their emotions. This one he could take as a husband, and with
  him, he could offer a choice to his two Chosen. 
 Loki pulled away from Robyn, turning his head to look at the man that was
  holding him, loving him. "You, you wish, me, for a, Husband?" He just couldn't
  believe what he had heard. This man had done so much already. 
 Azrael only chuckled, hips thrusting forward as he kissed the younger Kin.
  * You know I do, it is why I asked you this way. There can be
  no falsehoods like this. Only truth can pass between minds. *   
 Loki just sobbed against his lips as he felt another part of his soul, a
  part that he had, not, known was there, or was wounded, heal. * Yes,
  oh please, yes. *  
 *Well then, lover, share this with me. *   He
  pulled Loki's face to his throat as he reached for his wrist. Welcoming the
  fangs even as he sank his into the vein that was against his mouth. 
 Michael welcomed Torin into his arms, as the young Mage returned. "So it
  would seem that you are not the only Healer here." He smiled. 
 "Never thought I was Michael. What's more, I can only heal the body and
  mind, my Master, he can heal souls." Torin closed his eyes as the passion and
  pleasure that was radiating from his master washed over him. 
 "So it would seem to be the case. Even souls as wounded as his new husbands'." He
  kissed the boy. "I will have you for a younger brother soon enough, I am going
  to have an over abundance of sibs before the setting of the sun at dusk tomorrow." 
 A brief touch, from a seeking mind, before an even quicker withdrawal.  *Oh,
        sorry Azrael. *  It was Cerberus. 
 Azrael just laughed. * What is it Cerberus? *  
 *Nothing was just going to take a few moments to talk with
        you, but I seemed to have picked a bad time. Please extend my apologies
        to the pet I have disturbed you with. *  
 Azrael pulled away from Loki. "Later, you and I will finish this. Bur for
  now, I believe we are going to have company. * I was not toying
  with one of my pets, but no worry. No, this is not a time for talk, but you
  are more than welcome, you and that husband of yours, to come and share my
  good fortune with me.  * 
 Again, the brief mental pause, * Eris wishes to, know what
        we are celebrating? *  
 *Loki has accepted me as his husband. Bring that boy of yours,
        the one that is so taken with my Chosen, she will be happy to see him.  *
        His mood was too good, he had Loki, and soon he would have both Torin
        and Robyn, so he would see that his youngest Chosen was not left feeling
        without. 
 You, you took him for a, Husband? *   There
  was honest surprise in the touch of his mind. * Protect him, yes,
  of course, but a, Husband? *  
  *You do not know what you think you do, boy. Long enough,
        has he been told that he was of, failed blood. But it was the very fact
        that his blood was not of failed passing that has enabled him to live
        as long and as well as he had so far. Yes I took him as a husband. Who
        better that one that understands, and accepts him, as he is? *  
 *Forgive me, Azrael, I only knew what I had been told, and
        saw. Yes, if you would have us come and share this with you let me gather,
        myself, and my, two, and we will come. *  
 "Come Loki," Azrael took the younger Kin's, his new husbands, hand. "We
  will have company to join us in our celebration." He led him to his chair,
  pulling the now naked man close. "Cerberus is coming, and he is bringing his
  husband, Eris, and that boy of his that Morgan is so fond of, and they will
  come and share this with us," and, before Loki could voice a concern that was
  forming in his mind. "Your two will be in no danger, this is the one that brought
  them here, the one that took Torin to see that they were given justice." He
  smiled as Loki just nodded. 
CHAPTER 10 
 Cerberus gathered first Eris to him and then he reached for Zephyr. "Come
  on Zeph, Azrael has invited us to join him in his celebration of his taking
  a husband." 
 "Sure, but who?" Zephyr was always willing to party, but who could Azrael
  possibly chosen since last he had been there. 
 "That Elder he had just rescued. The one that he had originally asked me
  to safeguard if he ran here. Seems to be that the Elder wasn't as much failed
  blood as was first thought. Don't ask me, I don't know what went down, but
  if Azrael says he is whole, then he is whole. Trust one of the Lined Kin to
  know the difference." 
 "Hey, that's great. Sure, just give me a minute to take care of Darion." He
  looked to the boy, the one that Garren had taken to replace Jamie. "Are you
  okay? If I leave, are you going to be okay here, until I get back?" 
 The boy just looked at him, still to shocked and frightened to do more than
  just nod. 
 "Let Jacob handle him while you are out. He's your brother, and he won't
  let anyone hurt his little brothers pet." Cerberus looked up to another of
  his Brood as the man came forward. 
 "Go on Mike, I can keep him safe for you." The man just grinned at the younger
  Kin. "Chill bro. I'm not stupid. I know what our Sire can do to anyone of us
  who messes up. Been there, done that, and I would just as soon not do a repeat
  anytime in the near future, go and have fun. He'll be here and whole when you
  come home." 
 Zephyr grinned at his older brother. "Thanks Jacob. I owe you one." The
  elder, dark skinned, Kin reached down and hugged him, kissing him briefly,
  before letting him go. He reached down and patted Darion's shoulder. "You listen
  to Jacob, okay. He won't let any of the others bother you. I won't be gone
  more than a few hours." Oh well, he had wanted a pet, and now that he had one,
  he was going to have to get used to thinking about someone other than himself.
  Could be worse though, he could still be looking. Garren had only done one
  thing right, in his whole sorry existence, and that was when he had gone out
  and taken this one. True, it wasn't so that Zephyr could finally have a pet,
  but that was okay too. Because he had lucked out and the boy had landed neatly
  in his lap. "Okay, Father, I'm ready." He took the hand that was offered him. 
* * * 
 Morgan met Zephyr as he and his Sire and his Sire's husband appeared from
  the Dark Paths. "Hi," she smiled. "Come on in and join the party." 
 Zephyr first looked to Cerberus who nodded, before looking to Azrael. "Master,
  may I?" 
 "Oh course, she is why I asked your Sire to bring you. I am going to be
  quite busy between reveling in my new status as a married man, and taking my
  two there and making them mine in truth. I did not want her to feel as if I
  was not thinking of her. She has a bit of a crush on you, as you know. So to
  you, I grant a bond of blood with her, for this night, let her be your lover." 
 Zephyr just looked from Azrael, to Morgan who filled his arms. "But," this
  was not what he had been expecting. "You will allow me," he could not mean
  what he was saying. 
 "Yes, but with care, boy. You're Sire is here, and I have faith that he
  will be able to keep you in line. Just remember what I warned you of once already.
  Do not harm my Chosen." 
 Him, hurt her, not bloody likely. If Cerberus didn't damn near kill him
  for doing something that stupid, he knew Azrael would. "Yes, Master. I swear,
  she has nothing to fear from me, not now, not ever." 
 "Good, now take my girl, and go find a place to play." He considered his
  duty to his youngest taken care of. He had only one thing left, before he could
  consider his house at peace. 
 "Maria, Mark, see to your friends when they are not with one of us." And
  now he felt he had done his duty to his house. 
 "So, Congratulations, Azrael. Cerberus has already told us of your good
  fortune." Eris moved to first hug Azrael, and then Loki, not bothered at all
  by their lack of clothing. He had been part of a Covenstead far too long to
  be bothered by anything as small as that. "Took you long enough to find a fitting
  husband. To think, you got as old as you are, and are just now choosing to
  wed." 
 "Eris." Cerberus went to fuss at his lover, only to be drawn up short by
  both Azrael's and Loki's laughter. 
 "Don't worry, Cerberus, the boy is only telling the truth. I am old, and
  I did take my own sweet time coming to this state. But now that I am, married,
  as it were. I do not plan to seek my bachelorhood, ever again. He pulled Loki
  close again. "And, if you would come, Cerberus, feel and taste what I did,
  and know how whole he is." He would put to end any question that Loki was anything
  but whole and healthy as Kin, "love, allow the Rogue Master to know the truth." 
 Loki fell back, leaning on Azrael as Cerberus's teeth found his throat.
  He was still so amazed that he had been found to be without fault, that he
  would do anything his brother, and now wedded lover, asked of him. 
 Cerberus pulled away, shock and fury on his face. "That son of a bitch." 
 "Yes, my feelings exactly." His tone was both smug and pleased. 
 "I'm sorry, Azrael, you too Loki. I had thought that you were not whole,
  were one of those that sometimes happen when the Gift just doesn't take right.
  I'm glad I was wrong." 
 "Now, that all the questions have been answered, come and join us. My Chosen
  there was in the middle of proving how badly she wants to be my Childe." He
  pointed to where Robyn still hung, legs spread in the swing. "Poor thing, she
  probably thinks I have forgotten her." 
 "No, Master," she grinned at him, eyes still fixed on him. "I knew you would
  get around to your amusement, soon enough." 
 Cerberus only chuckled, pulling Eris against him. "Now I understand what
  the old man said about having a house full of younger blood. She isn't even
  Kin yet, and already you can tell she is going to have such a mouth on her." He
  looked over to where Morgan had taken his son. "If I'm not careful, this lot
  is going to spoil that boy of mine and I'm going to have to spend every moment
  he's with me, correcting his mouth." 
 Azrael looked up at him. "Answer me this, why is it that you confuse questions
  on your policy as challenges to your word?" 
 "Because, more often than not, they are. You have never had to stand completely
  alone and brave the fates. I have, and if I didn't stand and fight any and
  all that would question my right to do so, I would have long since died." 
 Azrael nodded. "I see. And now, seeing as it would appear that your Covenstead
  and mine are going to be as closely linked as it would, with our children,
  lost in each other as they are, appear they are to be. Will you still hold
  to standing as a solitaire soul against all, even me?" 
 Cerberus watched as Azrael whispered something to Loki, and the man slipped
  from his lap, moving to return to the couch where the two children huddled.
  Making soothing noises as he gathered them close. "I don't know, Azrael. I'll
  try hard not to step on any toes, but you are the first of the Lines I have
  dealt with, or at least willingly, since I was orphaned. Over six hundred years,
  ago, so forgive me if I don't jump when you think I should. Old habits die,
  hard, old pain and fear, even harder. But you're right, I will agree to form
  a pact with you, if for no greater reason than my Childe needs this." 
 "And now, if I demanded my right as Coven Master, is it only your Childe's
  needs that you will bend for? Is there nothing for you or your other people
  that can be gotten from this?" 
 Cerberus lowered his head, fighting the fear that had been his constant
  companion for so long. He would have to bend now, bend to another of his kind,
  bend willingly, or this one that sat before him, if pushed, could and would
  force him. "What would you have me do, Master?" He squeezed Eris's fingers
  gently. 
 "Give me your throat. Bend to my rule, as I will do yours in your domain,
  and offer me your throat." 
 "Go one Cerberus." Michael moved to stand, ready to take his place as he
  stood. "Your boy there," he motioned at Eris, "he is fine. We do not make war
  with children, or innocents. And he is both." 
 Cerberus was torn, he owed this man, the Master of this place, his submission
  in his home, but Eris, was his husband, his lover, and his life. "Your word?" 
 Lips, both firm and gentle covered his, the kiss more a promise than anything
  else. "On the life of my own Childe." 
 Zephyr watched all of this play out from where he had taken Morgan to 'play'
  as the Elder had ordered. "Your Master, he's not going to do anything to mine,
  is he?" 
 Morgan rolled her eyes at him. "Do anything, what do you mean, do any-thing?
  This is Azrael's home, his domain. All he is doing is establishing domain rule.
  You master might bleed a little, but that's it. And just think, Cerberus will
  get to play the, master, one day in your own domain when we come to call. Az
  wouldn't ask him to give what he wasn't willing to give too." 
 Zephyr turned his head, burying his face into Morgan's hair, unable to watch
  as his master and Sire knelt before another, and bared his throat. "Love me,
  pretty girl, let me hide in you." 
 Morgan just chuckled, pulling him even closer, lips against his. "Silly
  boy, I thought you were." 
 Robyn's body had long since been lost in the pleasure that she was forced,
  alone, to give, herself. She watched on, with such burning want, as the other,
  knelt, and kissed her master's feet. This would be one of those nights. She
  would be forced to perform for all, and suffer, what ever. Whims the Kin felt
  inclined to lay upon her. But as frightening as it might be, she knew she would
  blossom under the brutal care that they would give her. 
 A light hand, on her wrist, brought her back to the room around her. "Let
  me take care of you, love." Maria smiled down at her. "It would seem that our
  Master has been taken away for a time. So lay back, close your eyes and enjoy
  for a while." She knelt, moving to place her mouth where Robyn's fingers had
  been. "Go on, girl. Mind me, either way, you are going to be punished. So it
  might as well only be once." She lowered her mouth, teasing her, as she had
  so many times before. 
 "Ah," she cried out as she fell back, obeying. Delighted at the feel of
  both tongue and teeth, as well as fingers began to torment her. How many times
  would she be forced to face this, this wonderful torment, tonight? How much
  would Azrael deem she, suffer, before he decided that she had earned his Gift.
  She cried out, part in pleasure, part in pain as her orgasm took her. Oh Maria
  could be so cruel. To pull on her ringed hood like this, knowing that she could
  do nothing but respond as she did. "Please, oh please." She sobbed. 
 Maria looked up, a gleam in her eyes. "Please what, slave?" She knew what
  Robyn needed, what she burned for. "Are you begging me?" 
 "Yes, please, Mistress." She lifted her hips, exposing herself even more
  to the elder woman. 
 Maria looked up, "Torin, did you bring the box you went after?" 
 "Yeah, here it is." He handed her the wooden box that kept all the things
  that they needed for Robyn in. "Can I help fix her up?" He had long grown accustomed
  to the connection that they shared, and the wash of pleasure that he shared
  whenever anyone touched his lifemate. "It's a shame that we aren't alone, if
  we didn't have Cerberus and Eris here, we could all take her to the dungeon,
  I haven't seen her with the shower in weeks. Last time, I thought I'd go mad
  before I could get off." 
 Michael just laughed looked down at Eris. "Why do you say that, little Brother?
  Just as soon as your master is finished with Cerberus, we can take your girl
  and retire there. I happen to agree with you, she is something to be seen when
  she is like that." He bent and kissed the confused Kin in his arms. "She really
  is quiet surprising in her tastes sometimes. I have seen her beg for things
  that would leave my soul bare. But, as she went to assure those two that were
  brought here, after their abuse, she wants, even needs this." 
 Eris nodded. "Brian, is like her. And he will, one day, be another of Cerberus's
  Fledglings. But not, for some time to come, we are still raising more than
  enough children as is." His fingers tangled in Michael's hair as they kissed. "So,
  once the Elder is finished with my lover, am I to bend too?" 
 Michael just chuckled. "In a hurry to get away from me?" 
 Eris wasn't sure if he had stumbled, or if Michael only teased him. "I don't
  understand what you mean, Megel." He was careful to use his vampiric name.
  Instinctively, knowing that if, he was, in danger, by using the name, Michael
  would be forced to show his hand. 
 Michael snorted pulling away. "Enough of the fear, boy, if I had meant you
  ill, don't you think I would have done so by now? I gave my word to your Master,
  on the life of my Childe, that I wouldn't hurt you. Why is it, that you people
  have such a hard time just, believing that we aren't going to go mad and wreck
  havoc, on the lot of you? You let a Childe, an infant, come here, alone and
  unprotected. Yet you, who are much older and better trained that the boy is,
  you are still ready to fear us?" 
 Eris looked down, ashamed at Michael's words. "I don't know. Maybe it's
  because. He is so young, and so harmless. I just couldn't see Azrael harming
  him, not after what he had done for Titania, but, you are not he." 
 "No, I am his Childe, his First-Born. I would no more harm any of you than
  he did. Damnit Eris, Cerberus is learning to trust, you forced the issue with
  him, are you now going to tell me that suddenly you are having second thoughts?" 
 He just laughed. "No, forgive me Megel, but I'm afraid he has worn off on
  me, just a bit. And now, having what I have fought with him over, for so long,
  it is just going to take me a few moments to accept the reality of it all." 
 Fingers worked at the snap of his denims, "well then, perhaps while my Sire
  is still with your lover, I can show you what you have fought so hard to win." He
  would take this boy, would show him that Cerberus was not the only Kin that
  could feel real want for him. "I am not your husband, but I will do for now,
  no?" 
 Azrael pulled back from Cerberus. "You are welcome here, many times over." He
  smiled at the shaken younger Kin. Silly boy, he had been so afraid that with
  bending, he would lose himself. "So, Cerberus, was it what you had feared it
  would be?" 
 Cerberus looked sheepishly down, chuckling. "Thank you Azrael. You have
  replaced my faith in the Lines and in those who are in them. I was wrong." 
 Azrael just shook his head. "No not wrong, or at least not completely. You
  had and still have every right not to trust all those of Legal blood, I was
  mistaken when I foolishly thought that all those like me, who 'lived by the
  law' did so, in truth." 
 Cerberus, growled, pushing Azrael back into his chair. "I don't care. I
  was wrong about you. To hell with the rest, as long as the Warlocks know that
  there is at least one Lined Covenstead that will support us, I'm not really
  worried about the rest." Submission was not in his nature, so Azrael wasn't
  surprised at the aggression that the younger Kin displayed. Was even, charmed,
  by the obvious display of mock dominance. 
 He captured Cerberus's face in his hands. "So, little one, should I take
  this as a challenge, or as you intend it." 
 The younger Kin cried out in heat as he felt his body be drawn tight as
  Azrael's fangs pierced his throat again, and there was a sound of ripping fabric,
  as Azrael disposed of his shirt. Pity that he could not take this one, as wonderful
  as he was, and claim him as he had done David. It would make so many things
  so much easier. But, if he did that, then he would be no better than Magnus
  had been, and his honor would never allow that. So he teased the younger Coven
  Master. Chuckling to himself, as he felt the boys hands hastily help his remove
  the constricting outer-garments. No this one was not, submissive, by nature,
  but here, and now. He would gladly allow him to take him and he would bend
  to Azrael's passions, and lay beneath him. If only in respect for his place
  as, Master, here. 
 Robyn struggled not to fall as both Maria and Torin yanked her up, the rings
  in both nipples as well as her clitoris ring, screaming with pain as the chains
  that were linked to them were pulled, forcefully. "Damn, Blue, but you look
  mighty nice." Torin pulled on the center ring that linked the three chains
  from the separate rings together. "Just one more chain, and then I'll leash
  you." He had to, admit the entire design was neat. Three thin chains linked
  to a center ring. Each chain sported a small leash hook that was attached to
  her rings. Then a fourth chain was fastened first to the loop in her collar,
  and then to the center ring. Then the final touch, a heavy leash was then hooked
  to the center rings, and his girl could be led anywhere that whoever was holding
  the leash decided she needed to go. "So, you think she is going to need the
  hood tonight?" He looked up at Maria, who had been the one to decide how she
  was to be decorated tonight, so far. He knew that Azrael would alter anything
  that he didn't find quite to his liking later, but at the moment, Azrael was
  still busy with the Rogue Covenstead Master. They were doing something along
  the Lines of establishing dominance. So until Azrael had the time to finish
  with Robyn, he and Maria would be more than happy to get things moving. 
 Maria just laughed as Robyn moaned, shaking her head in a negative. She
  knew how much the girl hated the black leather hood, the one that Azrael had
  taken pains to see was fitted to her head, perfectly. It took all sight from
  her, left her feeling blinded and helpless. "Sure, and get the gag, we can
  always zip up her mouth, once we have the gag in place. She makes too much
  noise anyway." She forced a ball gag between Robyn's teeth, fastening it behind
  her head, before she pulled the black hood over Robyn's head, ignoring the
  plea filled eyes and she cut all sight from the girl. "There, now she is ready.
  Do we have any takers, or is it just you and me?" She looked at Torin, "I'd
  say you can have her, but what eases your wants also ground her out. And sorry
  love, but she hasn't earned you yet." 
 "It's okay," he grabbed her. "My Master is busy, my girl beyond my reach,
  I guess I'm just going to make do with what I have on hand." 
 "Torin." It was Azrael. "Take our slave down to the dungeon, chain her there
  and see that you use that wonderful little egg shaped toy, you found. Strap
  it to her and leave her hanging for a while. I will attend to her soon enough,
  but for now, I am really rather too pleased with the way life is playing out
  for me to stop and see to her now." 
 "Yes, Master." Torin squeezed Maria's hand winking playfully at her. "Hold
  that thought. Love." He turned and reached for the leash that they had let
  hang to fall between her Robyn's legs. "Come on, little slave, you heard your
  master. Get up, and best you, be very careful, I'll let you walk into walls
  if you don't follow exactly as I lead you." 
 Loki felt Amy press against him. "What is it, Amy?" He looked down into
  big, frightened, brown eyes. 
 "Please," she began to cry, as Loki pulled her close against him. "Don't
  make me go, please." 
 "Go where?" Loki didn't understand this girl, so far, no one had even looked
  at either her or Kyle, since Azrael's girl had left them to go and resume her
  play. 
 "The dungeon, please, don't make me go." She hid her face in his chest,
  for once, not caring that the man that held her was naked. She only knew that
  he had been kind, so far, and she was calling on that kindness to protect her
  now. 
 Loki frowned, looking up, seeking Azrael. * Wh-what is this,
        dungeon that you have mentioned. Amy fears it. *  
   Azrael looked up from where he was still,
  busy, with Cerberus. * It is my playroom downstairs. But your
  girl should not be worried. I do not think that she or your boy are, quite
  ready for that yet. Assure her that she is being afraid, for nothing. *  
   Loki opened his eyes. Meeting not only Amy's
  frightened brown ones, but the lost and confused bright green of Kyle's as
  well. "It's okay, really it's nothing, Azrael has a playroom downstairs, that
  he calls that. I can only suppose that since Robyn is as she is, and serves
  as his slave so readily, that it was named for her benefit." He smiled, brushing
  a tear from Amy's cheek. "And, no, you don't have to go tonight. Azrael has
  deemed neither of you ready to explore that part of your new life, and I happen
  to agree with him. 
 William looked up from where he sat with Zak. "If you want to join with
  the rest, go ahead. I'm still not quiet up to playing their games, so I can
  keep an eye on them." Since Zak had finally been able to discover what William's
  fears were, and remove them, he was much better and more open, but it still
  would take a little time. 
 Loki looked at Zak, this one he didn't know, or at least not well, but he
  was Azrael's Grand-Childe and if, he was willing to let his pet play baby-sitter,
  Loki would allow it. "You are not taking your boy with you when we go?" 
 Zak bowed his head briefly at Loki. "No, Elder. William is not mine, I do
  not own him. He was my friend and protector before I was ever reunited with
  my blood. He is my, Husband, and Chosen, and will one day be mine, as my Childe,
  but for now. He is free." 
 Now this was a twist. Loki had always treated his own precious ones as almost
  free, but he had to be sure that at the beginning, he had had to force himself
  to be almost hard with them. He would always spend the next several years,
  soothing his feelings by bending over backwards to see to their care, but he
  had always been the Master. "And how does your Grand-Sire feel about this?" 
 "Whether I see it as it is, or not, Azrael still considers him mine, and
  doesn't interfere with how I handle what he feels is my business, and my business
  alone." 
 Loki nodded. He could well see Azrael's point. So if the Childe chose to
  see his lover as an equal, so be it. "Then, William. If Azrael want's me with
  him, I will go. If you want to watch over my two, I would be thankful." He
  gathered Amy, closer, again as she began to cry, again, in fear. "But for now,
  I think I'm going to have to try convincing them of their safety, one more
  time." 
 Robyn hung from the ceiling, naked and spread, toes just brushing the floor.
  She moaned as she felt the press of hard plastic against over sensitive clit. "Not
  yet, Blue." Torin whispered into the side of the hood. "Maria doesn't know,
  but remember, Az and I, we found a way that I can ease myself on you, without
  letting you off. All I have to do, is not care if you like it or not. All I
  have to do is only want to, 'fuck', you." He dropped his pants to his knees
  as he moved behind her, reaching to turn the little egg shaped vibrator, that
  lay over her clit, on. "And slave, I'm gonna, 'fuck' you, dry." With almost
  brutal motions, he parted her cheeks, and filled her as his hand moved to press
  the vibrator hard against her. 
 The blinding, blazing pain was almost branding as she screamed, only to
  have it reduced to a muffle, cry. And following the burning, agony came, an
  exquisite orgasm. She sobbed mindlessly, body spasming as she rode the waves. 
 Torin almost lost consciousness as the waves of Robyn's orgasm washed over
  him, triggering his own. But unlike he was apt to do with his bonded lifemate,
  he didn't ground the energy out into her, but instead grounded it into the
  earth below as he came. 
 He pulled away, moving, without regard to Robyn, who hung there, still,
  spasming, in the waves of her orgasm. He quickly washed himself and fastened
  his pants. 
 She jumped, at his touch. "I'm going to go back to the others, but I thought
  I'd show you something that I know you don't know." He moved the little vibrator
  up, away from her, quivering clit, pressing the ring down, hard against her
  bone, as his hand, molested her. He lifted the draped blindfold, to smile in
  Robyn's eyes. "You say that there are things that just due to your sex, as
  a Mage, you can do, that I can't. That might very well be. But, there is at
  least one thing that I can, as not only a Healer, but by the fact that I am
  a man, that you won't be able." And he opened his powers to her, grounding
  them out into his brutally assailing fingers. He just laughed as she screamed
  at being thrown into an electrifying release. "Have fun, Blue. I know I am." He
  slipped the little vibrator back down over the now, over sensitized knob, grinning
  at her, sucking on one finger, as she began to shake again, as another followed
  the last. "Later, slave." And darkness engulfed her again. "Oh, and Robby,
  don't think that you can pass out on us, not this time. Azrael want's to see
  you earn your Gift. So you'll earn it. I'm making damn sure you do. He won't
  take me without you, and I have been waiting damn near a year for him to give
  me what I was promised." Power, though young and not yet fully trained, rose
  in Torin as he reached out and touched the side of her cheek. "I have to go.
  I stay and what you are going through is going to spoil all our plans." 
 Robyn hung there. Sobbing against her gag as her body was flooded, over
  and over, by mind numbing orgasms. Each time that Azrael and Tori took her
  like this, they always pushed her just that much closer to that point where
  pain was the only pleasure. Tonight, her greatest fear was going to be made
  fact. She would go there, and if possible, beyond. 
 Cerberus held Azrael, as the Elder was lost in his Chosen's pleasurable
  agonies. "Damn." He moaned, as all around the room, the other Kin echoed Azrael's
  response. Who ever this girl was, the one that drove her Lord so, she would
  one day, as Kin, be dangerous. Her will projected her desires and pleasures
  so strongly that there were many true Kin that lacked her strength. * Who
  is this girl? *  Cerberus sought Michael, for Azrael was too
  lost to be touched. 
 * Robyn, She is proving to her Master, that she can earn the
        right to be given the Gift. *  An overly amused mind touched
        his. 
 *Maybe, who, isn't the right word, what, is she? *  
 Michael just burst out laughing. Leaning his head against Eris's shoulder.
  * She is a Mage, Cerberus. And Torin's, lifebond, and empathic,
  as hell. *  
 *Well, if she shares a soul with that Healer Mage of Azrael's,
        I guess she would have to be. How is Eris holding up under this? *   He
        had given up control to Azrael, but as now, the Elder had released him,
        losing himself, as he had, in his Chosen's joys, he resumed it. 
 * Lost in it, as well you know. How the hell did you end up
        with a husband that is so emotionally physical? *  
 *Where do you think he gets it from, Megel? Eris is my First-Born.
        We were like Gabriel and William, I was his lover first, and then risked
        making him my Childe. He never even had a real time as my Chosen. I was
        not even three hundred yet, and was still so afraid of the Lines, that
        I made him one night, when I wasn't thinking. I spent the first year,
        terrified that those that killed my Sire, were going to find me, and
        he would either be killed outright, or starve after they killed me. *  
   Michael looked down at Eris, who lay beneath
  him, eyes closed, drawn into the glory that Azrael was sharing with them all.
  He had not realized that this boy, was Cerberus's First-Born. * I
  knew he had your feel on him, but I thought that that was only because you
  both were lovers, are wedded. I didn't know he was your First-Born. *  
 *Don't feel bad, Megel, there are many in my own home that
        don't know it. My Brood, yes, but as I have said, not all in my home,
        are my Brood. *  
 *But, he doesn't carry your brand. I would have seen it, or
        would see it. *  
 *None of mine do. Oh I know that, now that I have linked myself
        with Azrael's Covenstead, specially, with Zeph courting his Chosen, that
        I will have to rectify that. But before now, I didn't see much need.
        I didn't know how to power my mark, and there was no reason to do it,
        if I could not seal it. *  
 Michael bent to kiss the lost Kin, gently. * Don't worry about
        it Cerberus, I can show you how. You might even feel a little foolish,
        I can't believe you haven't puzzled it out already. But if you mean what
        you say, and are willing to link with us, then Azrael will insist on
        adding his mark to yours. *  
 *I know. That is why I have accepted that I am going to have
        to take the time and mark mine. He, and all those he is connected to,
        will carry mine as well. I know, that I'm the last person in creation
        he's ever going to need to seek help from, but my Brood doesn't. And
        Azrael has agreed to let this happen, just to make my kids feel like
        they're, not being absorbed by another Master. *  
 *You do, know, one of the powers that Adept Mages have don't
        you? *  
   A brief, puzzled pause, * I'm
        sure they have many, but which one? *  
 *He is a soul Healer. How else do you think he could have ever
        gotten Loki to let him close enough to discover how badly his Sire had
        lied to him. Healing a, soul is almost akin to domination, but you only
        allow the one you are healing, a chance to see a probability. He offered
        you a chance to prove to yourself, that your fears were groundless, and
        when you did, he made it possible for the truth to touch your soul. *   
 Cerberus, who had always prided himself on the fact that he was never the
  one to relinquish control, just moaned, going deep into the heat that held
  Azrael's soul. If what Michael said was true, and Cerberus knew that only truth
  could be passed, mind to mind, he owed this man in his arms, his soul. He pulled
  his mouth against his throat, offering to bend, again. * Master.
  *  Never, since his Sire Horus, had died, had he ever allowed
  any other Kin to come this close to him. Not even Eris, his lover, husband,
  and First-Born, had ever been here. 
 * No, Childe, enough. Feed from me. *   Azrael
  broke free from what his Mageling was experiencing to first kiss the youth
  in his arms, before pulling his mouth and fangs to his throat. Radiating comfort
  and security, as the sobbing man drank. * This wound you still
  carry, it is too old, far to old for you to still carry it so fresh. You are
  not longer that Childe, you have grown, and you have prospered. Let it die.
  *  
   Michael held Eris as he was released from
  the flow. "Cerberus?" He tried to pull away, even as from the corner a frightened
  question. 
 "Father?" Zephyr pulled away from Morgan, moving to go to Cerberus. 
 "Zephyr, don't." Torin stood in the door, a hand extended. "Az is in the
  middle of healing your Sire, don't interrupt." 
 * Childe, *  Azrael's mind touched Zephyr's.
  * Do you hear me? *  
 *Y-yes. *   Zephyr stood frozen, trembling and
  unable to move. 
 *Then you know I speak the truth. Cerberus is well, he is better
        now than he has been in entirely too long. Go back, to Morgan, bond with
        her. Allow me to finish beginning the start of the healing I have instilled.
        *  
 Michael felt Eris begin to relax in his arms as Azrael's assurances to Zephyr
  had the same effect on Eris, and they did on the boy. "It's okay Eris. My Sire
  would no more hurt him, than I would your Sires First-Born." 
 Eris looked at him, partially in gratitude for his assurances, and partially
  in horrified shock that he knew who he was. "But, how?" No one other than those
  of Cerberus's blood knew he was his Sire. Cerberus had insisted, afraid to
  claim him, too dangerous if ever the Lines came again. 
 "So that is why he wouldn't claim you." Michael shook his head. "It must
  have hurt like hell to know that you were his, and couldn't acknowledge him." He
  lifted a hand to Eris's cheek, to caress it with its back. "It's over, no one
  is ever going to threaten any of you again. Not so long as both my, Sire and
  I live. Even if the day comes, that we are no longer linked. There, will never
  come a day that you will ever have anything to fear from us. Not unless you,
  go Renegade. And somehow, I just can't see that happening. Rare are the ones
  that go from Law to Lawless. I will personally block the pain his brand causes
  you as he marks you, his first and most loved of all his Fledglings." He pulled
  down, hard on Eris's head, pressing his mouth into the base of his throat,
  even as his fangs found purchase in Eris's. 
 Zephyr just lay there between both Morgan and Torin, too stunned by what
  he had, felt happen in the last hour, to do more than respond as they loved
  him. Eyes closed, as, the sweetness of these wonderful creatures of the Elders
  took him. 
 Morgan reached up from beneath him and pulled his head down to her throat,
  even as he entered her. 
 *Go on, Zephyr, I won't let you lose control. I'm strong enough
        to stop you, without there, being, force.  * Torin joining
        Morgan in making love to this Fledgling. Waiting, only until he knew
        that Zephyr was not going to lose control, before laying his own control
        aside as well. 
 Would, there ever again be, such sweet blood? He shook with the blessed
  wonder of it. He could only bear its pure heat for just a few sips, before
  having to back away. She had given him, and her Master, had allowed him, her
  life's blood. He shifted, slightly to one side, never moving to break the connection
  that the three of them were sharing, and ripped at his wrist, severing the
  vein there, laying it over Morgan's mouth, even as he turned his head to kiss
  Torin. 
 Loki lay against Zak, as comforted by the younger Kin as the boy was by
  him. This Childe was his husbands Grand-Childe, was forever a part of him.
  And it was this Childe's mortal husband that had taken his two poor confused
  pets and placed them under his protection. "I hope William isn't having any
  problems with my two." He lay his head against Zak's shoulder. "They are still
  so very new, so hurt. I worry that he will never reach them." Loki muttered. 
 "Wait, Loki, you never know. My love, he can be very surprising when he
  wants to be." He brushed the hair from the Loki's cheek. "But for now, as both
  our husbands are busy, shall we enjoy our time together?" Soft lips, a promise
  of greater comfort. "Make love to me, Loki." 
CHAPTER 11 
 The, never-ending, soul searing, release, never left her. She no longer
  screamed, just mindless whimpers slipped past the gag now. It hurt so badly,
  and yet, it felt so good. Torin had forced this on her. Had gone out of his
  way, to see that she would never again, stand in his way of anything that was
  promised to him. 
 Suddenly there was movement in the room. She flinched as she felt the hands
  on her body. Light hurt her eyes and the blindfold was pulled away she saw,
  her Master. But, she didn't see the others, she only saw Azrael. 
 He chuckled, removing her hood, and the gag. "Poor thing, to think, she
  has suffered for so long, and I was not here to enjoy it with her." He silenced
  her protesting cry with his lips as he removed the tormenting vibrator. Growling
  low at her as his hand met her slick wetness. "Finally, you are truly ready
  for us." And as he filled her, his teeth sank into the flesh at her throat. 
 Robyn screamed hoarsely as again a wave of pleasure, so intense that it
  by passed any pain she had ever felt, flooded over her. She was his, now, tomorrow
  forever. She could die now, would if only her master willed it. 
 "Now, I own you." His face pressed against the side of hers. "I now own,
  you body, and soul. You now have earned my blood, and my Line." He fought down
  his desire to see her as his, at that moment. Later, when it was only Loki
  and Torin with him, he would make her his Childe, but for now, "now it is time
  you show your Master, how thankful his little, slave, is." He held her to him
  as he released her chains, supporting her as she fell against him. "Soon enough,
  Torin will ease your needs. You have proven that you have earned my Line, bur
  now, you will be willing to suffer, to show me how thankful you are that I
  have deemed you fit for it." He turned, with Robyn wrapped around him. "Come
  Tori, it is time she be granted, a moment or two of peace." He pressed his
  girl into her lifebonded's arms. "When you have given her peace, see to it
  that her body is as new again, and will respond as if she has never known the
  love of a man." 
 Torin closed his eyes, briefly, fighting to control his desires. "Sure boss,
  bur I can't do anything about her lack of a hymen." 
 "You don't have to worry about that love, only her rectal muscles. You and
  I are the only two that will love her sweet sex. The rest will take her anally,
  and it will be rape." He smiled as Robyn just pressed her face into his boy's
  neck and began to cry. "And with each new one, and she will love ever man here.
  It will be as wonderfully, and terrifyingly, agonizing as the last. For the
  rest of the night, the only two who will not rape her are you and I." He squeezed
  Robyn's shoulder, stroking it lightly. "She will be raped, and forced to please
  each man here, starting with the other Covenstead Master, who I am placing
  second only to myself and Loki within my realm. And she will go to the women,
  and beg them to rape her with only thing they can do so with. She will first
  be fisted by each one, and then give them pleasure as well." 
 Torin nodded. "Yes, Master." He moved to take Robyn to the bed in the corner
  of the room. "It's okay baby, I'll make it all okay." 
 Cerberus looked at Azrael, as the man returned to him. "What do you mean
  you are placing me as your second?" 
 "You are the master of your home, and as such, you will be here as well,
  only bending to either Loki or myself. The rest will bend to you. From my First-Born,
  to my Chosen, and any of the other Rogues that have found safety here." He
  looked at Michael, "go, Megel, while Torin cares for my girl, let me have his
  First-Born. You go and bend to him. We will leave this place, and as soon as
  Robyn is at peace. The rest can be taken care of upstairs." He looked to where
  Torin was making love to Robyn. "Tori, when you are finished, bring her to
  my living chambers." And he led the rest out of the room. 
 Michael, took Cerberus's hand, as soon as they returned to where Azrael
  usually ruled his home. "My Sire, has placed you ahead all but he and his husband." He
  waited until Cerberus returned to sitting in a chair, before he knelt at the,
  mans feet, bending first to kiss one foot, and then the other, parting the
  man's, legs so he could sit between them, leaning forward to kiss the awakening
  erection. "Don't' worry, Master." He pulled himself up, to press against Cerberus. "My
  Sire will no more hurt your First-Born, than you will his." 
 Cerberus shook his head. "I don't understand. The rest, I can see. If Azrael
  means what he has said. But you are a full Elder, and older than me by almost
  five hundred years. I can't believe your Sire is doing this." 
 Michael just kissed him. "Believe it, Cerberus, Master. It doesn't matter
  how much older I am than you are, my Sire has deemed to put you before me,
  and I happen to agree with him. I feel no shame and reservation, and I certainly
  do not resent my duty, as I submit to you, and I offer you my throat." 
 Azrael carried Eris to the day bed, laying him on it, before he knelt to
  begin to tease the boy's body with his hands and mouth. He could well see that
  this was Cerberus's Childe. The boy showed the same, sweet, openness to being
  loved, as his Sire had. 
 Eris lay, there, moaning, head tossing from one side to the other, as lips
  moved up the inside of his thigh. "Ah," he cried out as Azrael lowered his
  mouth on him, fingers moving to set up a tempo with his movements. He had claimed
  this boy's Sire as one of his own, and he would show this one, how he treated
  those he claimed. 
 Even as his Sire went to play havoc on Cerberus's boy's senses, Michael
  bent to do the same for his, now, master. He happened to agree with Azrael,
  in choosing this way to seal the pact with the other Covenstead. It was an
  extremely old and not often used practice between two Covensteads. He wasn't
  at all surprised that Cerberus had never heard of it. He pulled away, to once
  again move up his masters, body. "Make love to me." He whispered, kissing Cerberus. "Show
  me your love." 
 Cerberus gathered Michael close, moving slowly to join him on the floor.
  Laying him back, as his hands and mouth, went to give Michael what he had asked.
  He would make love to this one, with the same care and attention that he would
  have used to love any of those that were his. "Submit to me Megel. Give me
  your throat, as I take your body." 
 Michael turned his head, offering Cerberus, what he had demanded. "Master." He
  moaned as he felt the sharpness against his flesh. 
 His body responded to the feelings of heat and desire, as he fed from Michael.
  He felt the warm, wet. Stickiness of Michael's cum on his fingers as he brought
  him to him this way. He withdrew. Licking the wound as it closed. "I, I have
  to have you now, Megel." This time the kiss wasn't light, wasn't soft. He burned
  with the power that Michael's blood had given him. 
 Michael reached down, gathering the slick, sticky, fluid from Cerberus's
  fingers, using it to coat, the man's, cock. "Then take, me." He moved to press
  Cerberus back against the couch, as he twisted, pressing his back, against
  the man's chest. Feeling as hands parted his cheeks, and Cerberus's manhood
  filling him. 
 His, nail's, raked up Michael's inner thigh as he thrust, filling him. He
  didn't understand why Azrael had chosen this way or sealing the pact. But he
  was glad that he had. And as he felt and heard Michael's response to his love,
  he knew that he would have to do the same with his home. 
 Torin walked with Robyn at his side into the room, and as he took in all
  that was going on, he moaned low. "Go on, Blue, go tend to Michael while he
  is being made love to. Just as soon as Cerberus is finished with him, beg him
  to rape you." 
 Robyn, moved, pressing against Torin, "please. Tori, Master." She was afraid
  of what would happen now. Azrael had raped her as punishment several times,
  and it hurt so much, and her response to that terrible humiliating pain, had
  really frightened her. Now she would be forced to suffer through rape after
  rape. The men, using their cocks, and the women their fists. And she would
  beg for every rape. She knew this, and she knew that both Azrael and Torin
  knew it too. 
 Torin pulled away from her, reaching up to slap her, growling, "do it, or
  I'll have you beat." 
 Robyn knelt before Michael and Cerberus. "Allow me, Master." She touched
  Cerberus's hand that was stroking Michael. 
 Michael sighed as first he felt Robyn's mouth cover him, and then Cerberus
  take his arms, and raise them above his head, so that he could reach back and
  hold him about the shoulders. This man wasn't his Sire, and he wasn't his Chosen,
  but, as he felt himself near his own release, he decided that it didn't matter.
  The boy was loving and wonderful, and that was all that did. 
 Torin went to sit by William who had his hands full, trying to convince
  Loki's two that the world was not about to come to an end, and that Loki wasn't
  going to let anyone harm them. "It would probably be a good idea if you took
  these kids out of here and to Gabriel's room for a while. They're confused
  enough as is without what is going to happen here, making it any worse." 
 William nodded. No, he didn't think they needed to see this, and he would
  just as soon not be here. "Come on you two. Let's go some where and relax." The
  two, who still carried the look of fear, just nodded and moved to follow. 
 Robyn began to cry again as she swallowed Michael's release. She would be
  hurt now, and she knew how badly. "Master." She groveled before Cerberus. "Rape
  me. I-I'm, begging, you. Please, hurt me." 
 Azrael looked up from where he was holding Eris. "Cerberus, bring her here." 
 He waited just long enough for Michael to pull away before standing. He
  reached down as took a handful of Robyn's hair. "Put your arms behind your
  back." He led her, pulling her hair as he went, to the bed where Azrael still
  lay with Eris. "Yes, Azrael?" 
 "Bend her here, against the bed, while you rape her. Let me see her suffer
  for you." He touched Eris face. "Let your, Husband, join you with this." 
 Cerberus nodded. "What holds do you place on her abuse?" 
 Azrael sat up. "Wait." He looked to Torin, who sat with Selene and Casey. "Bring
  me the alligator clip." He waited for the boy to move and retrieve it. "Thank
  you pet." He took it, nodding at Cerberus to pull Robyn up to kneel before
  him. "Slave." He spoke softly. "Take this clip, and put it over your clitoris.
  Then put your arms back behind your back." He smiled as she obeyed, crying
  in pain again. Then looked up at Cerberus. "There is no hold. She will know
  true pain tonight. Each of her rapes, will be just that. And you, I give the
  choice, take her with your manhood, or with your fist." He reached for Robyn's
  head, pulling it down to Eris's crotch. "Blow him." 
 "If I use my fist, there is no way I can, without lubricant. Rape is one
  thing Azrael, but that isn't just torment. That would be real torture." 
 Azrael only nodded. No, he wanted to see Robyn suffer, but he did not want
  to really hurt her. He looked up. "In the drawer there, beside you. 
 He coated his hand and forearm with the light beige cream. "She ever been
  fisted before?" 
 "Many times, but at the moment, it does not matter. As she is now, she will
  respond to you, as if she were a virgin." 
 He grinned. "Is what your, Master telling me, true?" He bent, and whispered
  in her ear. "Has your body forgotten all that a man can do to you?" 
 She pulled up, away from Eris's cock. Just long enough to look back at him
  and whimper. "Yes, Master." 
 Cerberus looked up, sharing a wolf like grin with Azrael, who only returned
  it and nodded. "Good." His will came down on hers. "You are a virgin, you have
  never seen a man, or anything that a man can do to a woman. As I rape you,
  with my fist, you can resist all you want, beg, cry, and even try to get away.
  If I give you your innocence back, you really must try to preserve it." He
  reached with one hand, and closed it over her arms, that were still at her
  back, as he began to work his hand inside her. "Baby," he looked to his lover. "Fuck,
  her mouth, hard." 
 Robyn struggled, screaming as Eris grabbed the back of her head and forced
  his cock back between her lips. She didn't understand what was going on, why
  were these men hurting her. And hurt her they did. She didn't know that anything
  could hurt like the feeling of Cerberus forcing his fist up her ass. "Stop
  it," she sobbed, trying to turn her head, trying to get away. But she couldn't.
  Eris had her head by a handful of hair, and was fucking her face. She fought
  for breath as the cock in her mouth choked her. 
 Cerberus let her arms go, watching them drop to her sides, as he reached
  and pulled the clip from her clit. "Girl," he hissed against the side of her
  face. "Cum for me. I want to see you cum." His fingers used bruising force
  against her sex. 
 She came, with the third stroke, sobbing in agonized ecstasy as she began
  to rock back and forth, moving in rhythm to Cerberus's thrust. Her arms coming
  up to wrap themselves around Eris's waste as he fucked her mouth. 
 Cerberus pulled away, as Eris came. Taking the wet cloth that Torin handed
  him to clean his hand. "Damn," he looked down at Robyn who lay crying in a
  ball on the floor. "She was so tight. I almost wished I'd fucked her with my
  dick instead." 
 "Don't feel as if you need pull away quite yet. She can please me with her
  lips as you rape her again." Azrael moved Eris to one side, moving to hold
  a hand out to Robyn. "Slave, come here." 
 She shook her head, trying to crawl away. They couldn't hurt her again.
  She didn't know what would happen to her, if they did. She was so confused,
  so lost. 
 Cerberus grabbed her hair as she tried to escape her Lord. "Do it. Fight
  against me, all you can, but that is your Master. You will obey him." 
 Again a cock forced her mouth open, and again another, her master, fucked
  her face and mouth. She cried out around the cock in her mouth as she was raped
  in the ass. But she didn't know true horror until fingers found her sore throbbing
  clit and began their torment again. 
 She had come four times, each more painful than the one before, before Cerberus
  was done with her. She would have pulled away again, but Azrael would not let
  her free. She bent there, tears streaming down her cheeks as he continued to
  rape her mouth. 
 Then Eris took her, even as she still was forced to blow her Master, and
  after him there was Loki, Michael and Cain. She was mindless with a combination
  of pain and pleasure. 
 She screamed. Trying to pull away, as Torin went to make her body forget
  the feel of a man again. "Stop that." Again he slapped her. He looked up at
  Jason who stood, waiting his turn. "Make her drink your piss Jay, give her
  something to wash all the shit she's been eating while she blew the others,
  down with." And then back to Robyn, his still new will coming down on her. "You'll
  drink it, and you'll drink it all. Spill any and I'll have your nipples burned,
  and I won't heal them until after the rest are through with you." He forced
  a single finger into the tight barrier of her rectal muscle. "Say, yes, Master." 
 She cried in pain and shame as she came again. "Yes, Master." 
 Torin pulled away, forcing her to suck his shit stained finger. "She's all
  yours Jay." 
 Jason nodded. "I'll do her first. I always have to piss after sex, so she
  can drink as she blows me." He was excited, not only because he wanted to feel
  her as he fucked her but; because he knew, he would be where she was, soon
  enough. "Finger yourself, Robyn, finger fuck yourself as I fuck you." He grabbed
  her ass and forced his way in, raping her with brutality that he usually didn't
  possess. "Oh, yeah." He moaned. 
 She bit the covers of the bed as she screamed her fingers deep in her vagina. "Please,
  no, please." She screamed again. "Mercy, please, Master." 
 Jason bit her on the shoulder, hard. "Say it again, slave, call me Master
  again." He thrust even harder, burying himself deep. Laughing as she screamed. 
 "Master!" She sobbed, "Please Master." And again she came, feeling her juices
  wash over her hand and down the inside of her legs. 
 "Slut." He laughed, "you know that, you are such a damn slut. You, can't
  lie, you love this. Don't you?" 
 "Yes, Master." She whimpered, as she came again. 
 "Tell me how much this slut loves me raping her in the ass." 
 She cried out as he pushed her fingers away and twisted her clit. "Yes,
  oh yes, Master." She babbled. "I'm a slut, and I love you raping me. Fuck me,
  hurt me, Master, please." 
 He shuddered then, burying himself deep in her as he came. "Oh, baby," he
  kissed her trembling lips. "You are so good." He pulled away, stroking her
  back. "Blow me, I have to piss." He closed his eyes as her mouth found him,
  and he let his bladder go. 
 Robyn sobbed. Fighting to keep from retching as the hot, bitter fluid filled
  her mouth and went down her throat. A moan of protest as a trickle slipped
  down from the side of her mouth. But she was able catch her little spill with
  her tongue as Jason finished. 
 Azrael looked to where Torin was, lost between Selene and Casey. "Torin." 
 "Yeah, Az." he moaned as Casey's hands found him. 
 "Pull away for a moment. Go, and get that bottle of liquor I keep. Bring
  it and a glass. Your girl is going to need a little before much longer. 
 He nodded, fighting the feelings that Robyn, in her agony, were washing
  over him. 
 Morgan looked to Zephyr as he lay with her. "Go on, have a turn." She smiled. "I
  was his first Chosen, then I got sort of put in second place with Torin, but
  when she got here, I got bumped again. If she is really taking my place as
  his second, make her pay for it." She knew that it wasn't Robyn's fault, and
  even if she had never come here, she would have still had to wait until she
  was older, and fully healed before Azrael would have taken her. But Zephyr
  didn't, and if he thought she felt put out by it, he would be more likely to
  give Robyn what she needed. 
 Zephyr moved, to stand just beyond where Robyn was finishing up with Jason. "Your
  sister, sent me to take care of things." He grinned. 
 Jason nodded. "She's so damn tight. You'll love it." He sighed, leaning
  back against Michael who had come to stand with him as Robyn worked to please
  him again with her mouth. "I want to be where she is, Megel." He would be made
  Michael's Childe tonight, so he would never call his Sire, anything but his
  true name, ever again." 
 "Now?" Michael laughed as Jason just moaned against his lips. "Finish with
  the girl, and I will see to it." 
 "You going to have Torin?" 
 "Yes, if that is what you want, and he will do it as often as you want." He
  gathered Jason as he came. "But unlike her, you have to want it." 
 Robyn pressed her face into the bed as she cried, whimpering softly. There
  were still so many. So many that she would have to be raped by. And even on
  the slim chance that Torin didn't tighten her muscles again, it was still going
  to be agony. 
 "You broke in line." Zephyr bit at her neck. "My girl wants to make sure
  that you pay for it." He looked up at Azrael. The want in his eyes but he wouldn't,
  not until her Master gave leave. But with her Masters nod of consent, he drank.
  He gave himself to the heat as her blood filled his mouth, shuddering and pushing
  her forward as he came. 
 He felt the light touch of both his, Sire's and Azrael's minds on him as
  he pulled away. He smiled at both the approval and pride at his self-control. 
 It seemed as if it would never end, as Torin tightened her muscles again.
  But in truth it was only David, Christian, Aaron, Billy, Mark and Casey that
  touched her. Mathew, David's newest, cried that he couldn't, and so David just
  held the boy as she went to blow him. Benjamin the same. Lerion and Derrick
  bowed out. Lerion just wasn't in the mood, and Derrick, he had been forever
  forbidden to hurt anyone, ever again. It was very much part of his surrender
  to his husband. 
 "Here, baby, drink this." Torin pulled her up, rocking her slightly as she
  cried. "It's almost over. You Master is very happy with you." He tasted the
  liquor as he kissed her. "And so am I." He hushed her sobs. "Just the girls
  now, and then I will take care of you." 
 Azrael finally took pity on her. "That is enough. Release her Torin. Give
  her peace again." 
 Torin could have wept with joy, as he pushed her back, moving to end her
  pain and in it's ending, find release. 
 Michael held Jason as they watched Torin go to finally give Robyn what she
  was, needing, so badly. "You're going to have to hold up for a few, love. Let
  Torin finish taking care of Robyn." 
 Jason bit his lip. Did he really want to go that far yet? Yes he wanted
  to be taken, and taken harshly. But could he let Torin do to him what he had
  done to Robyn. "I, I change my mind Megel, I want you all to take me, just
  the way I am. I don't think I'm quite up to what she is." 
 Michael pulled him back against him, forcing his way inside him, listening
  in pleasure at Jason's cry. "My name sounds sweet on your lips. I never want
  to hear anything else from you again." 
 "Yes, Master." He sobbed as he felt a hand, brutally, grab him. "Oh, please." 
 Michael looked up at Cerberus. "You're next Master." 
 Jason couldn't believe that Robyn had done all of this. He was beginning
  to fear that he wasn't quite up to taking it all. At first it had felt so good,
  but after Michael and Cerberus, came Azrael, Loki, Eris, Cain, David, and Christian.
  And with each, it began to hurt a bad hurt. "Please, Megel, Master." He sobbed
  as Christian pulled away. "I submit, please, no more." 
 Michael gathered him close making soft noises as the boy broke against him,
  pitiful sobs as he trembled and shook with submission. "Just one more, I will
  let you go, but not until I take you, just once more. You have inflamed me,
  every cry, every moan and plea, it has driven me to a point, I must have you." He
  pushed him forward on his knees, forcing himself in the boy again. "Cry, scream,
  I want to hear you. Let me hear how I make you feel." And he began to move,
  using the same force he had used raping Robyn, to make love to his Chosen. 
 Jason's cry of pain changed to a scream, as Michael's thrust knocked him
  to the floor. His own erection slamming into the floor, to slide upwards so
  that his balls were crushed on the carpet. Then he, came in, agonizing pain,
  and terror, he came. 
 
CHAPTER 12 
 Robyn lay against Torin. Her body resting, finally. She would be made a
  vampire tonight. Her master would make her his Childe, and she had earned,
  and shown her gratitude for, it. "I'm tired." She murmured. 
 Torin nodded, tightening his hold on her. "Me too, Blue, me too." 
 She looked up at him. "Master, I don't think I can do anything else." 
 "No, baby, I'm just Tori, right now. It's over, when Az sent you to me,
  he decided it was over. 
 She just shook her head. "No, when Azrael makes me his Childe, he will become
  my Sire, and you will then stand as my master. He warned me of what would happen,
  back when I gave myself to you and him." She lowered her eyes. "So, yes, Master,
  it is to you that I beg off." 
 He looked at her for a moment, as if he didn't quite understand what she
  had said. "Oh, okay. Well, don't worry about it Blue, I'm not up to anything
  else. You tore me up. You just lay here at take a little nap for a few." 
* * * 
 Azrael waited until Michael pulled back from Jason, taking note that the
  boy just curled up into a ball and cried. "Megel?" 
 Michael looked up from where he was, trying to sooth Jason. "Father?" 
 "Let Cain care for your Chosen for now. Come, I am going to mark Cerberus
  first, and then he will mark me. You will need to come and block the pain.
  And then I will block it for you as you are marked as well." 
 Michael looked to Cain. "Take him Hon, I will be just over there." And he
  passed the sobbing boy to the young vampire. Before rising to his feet and
  moving to where Azrael lay, holding Cerberus. "I'll block the pain for you
  when you mark Eris and Zephyr." He sat beside Cerberus, reaching out to lay
  a hand on his chest, beside the old mark of his line. "Go on Father, he will
  feel nothing." 
 It took just moments for Azrael to add his naming mark to the lower left
  of the original mark. Waiting until the wound was fully healed before sealing
  it with his power. 
 Cerberus looked down at it. He had never felt a seal of power. He had still
  been too young when his Sire died, for him to have it sealed. This time, though,
  he could see and feel how it had been done. "You were right, Megel. I do feel
  a bit foolish, now that I know how it is done." Then he looked up at Azrael. "Just
  how do you plan to get my mark on you, Loki or Megel. The rest, I am older
  than, but not you three." 
 Azrael just chuckled, shaking his head. "That would be a problem, if I was
  just an elder Kin, but as both Megel and I are Magi, we can see to it that
  your blood will be powerful enough to do the trick, and I will see to it that
  you can mark Loki." 
 Cerberus wasn't a Mage, and neither was his Sire before him. So he really
  wasn't sure what a Mage could or could not do. So he decided to take Azrael's
  words at face value as he took the blade from the elder Kin. 
 It felt like it was taking forever. He had never marked anyone with his
  name, and had almost forgotten how. And he was worried that if he didn't make
  his mark look like that of his old Sire's, that Azrael would refuse to carry
  it on his body. So, time consuming or not, he took his time and great care
  in making his mark. And then, trembling with nervousness, he lay his hand over
  it to set the seal. 
 Azrael looked down at Cerberus's work on his flesh. "A lovely mark, Cerberus.
  Take some comfort in knowing that if I did not know that this was your first
  mark in truth, I would have never suspected it. Other than the unholy amount
  of time it took you to make it." He chuckled at the younger Kin who looked
  down, both pleased and embarrassed. "Let us see if you can do Megel, with just
  a little less time consumption." Then he stopped. "Answer me this boy, you
  said that you were just short of being marked full Kin. If I added my mark,
  my name and power to activate the seal of your line, would you welcome it?" 
 Cerberus just looked at Azrael, a look of disbelief. "You would do that?
  For me, when you have done so much already. I am never going to be able to
  repay you for what you have given me thus far. Not even if I served you for
  the next five hundred years. And you would still offer more?" He shook his
  head, trying to understand that which was not understandable. "Why, what is
  it that I or mine have that you are willing to do all of this? I can accept
  that you are not like the others, but even you have to have a price, a demand
  for the amount of power you have shown me." 
 Azrael smiled, touching the old brand on the younger Kin's chest. "Horus
  was my Sire's third son. The next, to the youngest, of his Brood, only Bast,
  my sister, is younger. I never knew how he died, or that he had left a Childe
  alone. Osiris had been gone from me for only little over three hundred years
  at that point, and I still hurt too much to feel anything down the line that
  I share with my other sibs." He smiled, wiping the tears from his face. "So
  you see, I have more than just a passing interest in you and your Brood'swell
  being. Had I known, so many years ago, you would not have been forced to, stand
  alone, you would never have had to hide your First-Borns lineage. Had you been
  better trained, older, you could have come to me, as was your right, as your
  uncle, and sought protection. But you were too young, and I was in too much
  pain to do it voluntarily. So, why am I helping you? Why does any Kin help
  his blood?" 
 Cerberus, he just sat there, staring at Azrael. "You, mean, you're that
  ' Azrael  '?" Over seven hundred years, and a life of
  fighting to live, and it all came down to this. "I knew my Sire's Sire was
  dead, but I never imagined that you, and my Sire's brother, were the same 'Azrael'  .
  I know three others who have that name, it's a rather popular one." 
 He laughed. "Oh, I am sure that there are a few that carry my name out there,
  but I am the one that your Sire told you about. I am that 'Azrael'  .
  I cannot believe you did not guess the truth, when you fed from me. I have
  known who you were, from the night I met you, since I first felt your essence." 
 "Well, why the hell didn't you tell me that to begin with? I've been worried
  sick that I'd have to figure out some way to pay you back." 
 The room erupted in laughter. "You have grown strong, have stood without
  my, or anyone else's, help for so long. I was not sure if you needed, or even
  wanted my help, this late into your life." 
 "Not want your help? Damn you, Azrael, I have spent my entire life, thinking
  that my own Line, turned on me. How could you think, I wouldn't want it." His,
  eye's searched madly, for some kind of answer on Azrael's face. "And the Lady
  Elder, the one that you brought with you. She, who you forced me, to kneel,
  before, she's my great-aunt?" Okay, so this was not at all the answer that
  he had expected. 
 "Yes, and Isis will be just as thrilled as I that we can welcome Horus's
  Childe, once again, to us." 
 Michael laughed in pleasure, as he reached to pull the stunned younger Kin
  to him. "Welcome, home cousin. I never had the chance to meet your Sire, but
  I am sure with Osiris as a Sire, he was one hell of a good man." 
 "And with my mark on you, and your mark sealed and activated, no one will
  ever raise a hand to you or yours again." No wonder the boy had been so hurt,
  and had felt so betrayed when his Sire had died. Cerberus had been taught,
  and had believed that his Sire's blood would have came and supported him in
  his loss, that support had never appeared. "I am sorry, so sorry, I have no
  right to expect you to forgive me, but I do ask you, your pardon. I failed
  you, Cerberus. I was the oldest of Osiris's Brood. I should have been the one
  to track you down, to help you. All I can say in my, defense is that his death,
  it came, at a time that I wasn't fully myself. That, more than anything, was
  the reason I did not tell you sooner. I did not want any of my blood Kin, to
  hate me as I fear you might." 
 "Hate you?" Cerberus whispered, his eyes, so dark. "Hate you?" There was
  a sob in his voice. "You, you think I'm going to hate you?" He looked from
  Azrael to Michael and back again. "You, you're my uncle, Megel my cousin, by
  blood. My Line has been returned to me. Hate you, my God man, how could I hate
  you?" 
 "Then, you do not resent me for not coming sooner, for leaving you to suffer
  alone?" 
 "I have to admit, it would have been a hell of a lot easier if you had shown
  up. But then, I wouldn't have done all that I have." He sighed, shaking his
  head. "No Azrael, all in all, you showed up just when I really needed you to." He
  closed his eyes, biting back a moan as the pain of the final sealing mark,
  was added to his original brand. Michael reached to set up the block again,
  to stop the pain. But Cerberus shook his head. "No, it's okay. I suffered the
  first time, I can do so again." 
 Morgan hugged Zephyr. "Hey, we're going to be related." 
 "Wow." He just couldn't believe what was going on. "I never dreamed." Yes
  he had pushed for the connection that Cerberus now had with Azrael, but he
  had never thought, not even for a second. That they would ever be connected,
  in the way that, they were now. 
 "That means that you can stay here, a lot more than I thought you would
  be able to." 
 He just nodded. She wanted to see more of him, him he still couldn't believe
  it. "Yeah, now like I'm legal, I guess it's okay." 
 Morgan just giggled. "I was going to ask Azrael if I could keep seeing you
  anyway. He had made a pact with your Sire, so I knew that he wouldn't say,
  no. The only thing that will change, is that we have a blood tie, now." She
  fussed at him. "Legal, I can't believe you would think that the only reason
  I still wanted to see you was that you can now say you are part of the Lines." 
 "No, baby, I didn't mean it that way." He was crying now. Emotions, too
  strong for him to contain, swept over him. "I meant, now that we are related,
  that yeah, I could stay here more often. That's all." He took her face in his
  hands, and laughing through his tears, he kissed her. 
* * * 
 Cerberus reached for Eris, "Come on honey." He was still a little shocky
  from his discovery. "I should have never made you hide your relationship to
  me. I'm sorry baby. But I'm going to rectify that mistake now." 
 "You had to suffer your marking." Michael held his hand, ready to prevent
  the pain, if Cerberus was willing to allow it. "Are you going to insist that
  all your Brood, suffer theirs as well?" 
 Cerberus touched his love's cheek. He could remember the pain he had suffered
  through the original brand. Its searing memory was still as fresh as the new
  finish on him. And he just couldn't bring himself to ask that any of those
  he loved, and held, suffer through what he had. "No." He bent and kissed his
  most loved of all he had ever known or loved. "No, I can't do that to him to
  any of them. If you can stop the pain, please do so Megel. I would much rather
  not ever have, to, know I caused him that much pain." 
 Zephyr looked up as Cerberus motioned for him to come to where he sat. "Father?" He
  hadn't, not since, the night Cerberus made him his, felt the power coming from
  his Sire, that he did now. 
 "Come on Zephyr, I won't be able to fully seal the mark I am going to brand
  you with, but, you're going to carry my brand. All of you that are mine, will." The
  knife poised over the boy's breast, waiting for Michael to nod that he had
  the pain blocked. "Don't feel too bad about not having it activated yet. Of
  your other brothers, only Eris and Jacob will have it activated now. You still
  have another 80 years before I will put the final seal on it." 
 "Cerberus, Father," Zephyr looked up at him, moving to push the blade away
  from his chest as he pulled away from Michael, and went into his master's arms. "I
  have spent the last 20 years, wishing that I could have a brand like the one
  you have. It was the closest I would come, or so I thought, to ever being connected
  to your past. I don't' care if you seal it now, or later." He bit at Cerberus's
  neck, moaning softly as he felt his Sire's arms tightening around him. "I don't
  need Megel, to hide the pain from me. You paid with pain for yours, I'll pay
  the same for mine." 
 Cerberus just held his Fledgling, kissing him hungrily. "Thank you, baby.
  I agreed to all of this, just so that you would be able to link yourself with
  a, Blood Line, I never  imagined that it was mine." He
  pushed the boy back into his First-Borns arms, setting the knife's edge against
  his skin. He hadn't been able to bring himself to hurt Eris, but on the same
  note, he couldn't bring himself to deny his precious youngest Childe, his right
  to feel it. "Go on, Zeph, cry if you need." And he began the first cut. "Hold
  him, for me, love." 
 Zephyr bit his lip, trying to keep from making a sound as he was finally
  branded. Yes, it hurt. It hurt in a way that Cerberus had never hurt him before.
  But with that pain came the knowledge that it was his Sire's mark, his Father's
  Line, and his power, that were now forever branded into his flesh. 
 Azrael, moved, to Loki's side. "There seems to be a lot that I have to thank
  the Fates for tonight." He let the man pull him close. This time he was the
  one that needed to be soothed, and to Loki he went knowing, that his brother,
  friend and lover, would be the one to seek it from. 
 "I am going to spend the rest of my life, thanking them for you." 
 "And I for you, my love, and I for you. But when I realized who Cerberus
  was, I never dreamed that he would, ever if he found out the truth would, do
  anything but hate me for failing him. But he has forgiven me, and with his
  forgiveness he had done his own form of healing to my soul." He pressed his
  head against Loki's chest, and he wept. 
 Loki held him, trying to think of words that could ease the pain he knew
  Azrael felt. But, there were none. So he held his adopted brother, his wedded
  lover, and let him cry. 
 Michael moved to Loki's side, reaching to share the joy and pain that he
  knew his Sire was feeling. Never once, trying to pull his Sire, and oldest
  friend from the arms that held him. Only striving to join with them to offer
  his support and his joy. 
 Cerberus looked up as he finished the brand he had carved into his Childe. "You
  are mine, Zephyr, now more than ever." 
 "No, I have always been yours, Father. From the first night you took me
  and made me love you. You took my heart and soul, with my virginity, even before
  you made me your Childe." His hips thrust up as Cerberus reached for him. Half,
  sobbing, as he allowed his Sire to take him. "Now, please Master, Father, now." His
  head fell back as he felt his Master's teeth sink deep into his throat. 
 "Wait, later," he hated to pull away, but if he didn't, he would never be
  able to pull away, not until he had taken his boy and bent him to him all the
  way. "When we get home, I won't let you go, not until dawn, and even then,
  you will sleep with Eris and I." He felt the boy shudder against him as he
  devoured his lips. "Go, I have to finish dealing with my 'uncle'  ." He
  smiled at the whole concept. Over seven hundred years of being alone, of being
  without any to support him, and now. He still was having trouble facing the
  truth. "Go back and hide in your little friend." 
 Azrael lifted his head, looking to where Zephyr was moving from Cerberus
  and returning to Morgan, who was holding her arms open and welcoming him to
  her. "Boy." 
 Zephyr turned at the sound of Azrael's voice. "Master?" 
 "Love my girl there, as your Sire would love you." 
 Zephyr looked at Morgan. "Have you ever been loved like that?" 
 She shook her head. "No. Az, said that he would know when it was time, and
  I guess it's time now." She wouldn't show any fear, no matter what, or how
  much it hurt. 
 "But, I can't. What else are you going to show me, I have a bond with you,
  one of not only blood but one of love, too. I still can't understand why your
  Master, why he gave me that. And now, you're a virgin to this. I don't think
  I can block the pain like Cerberus did with me when he took me the first time." 
 She just smiled at him. "It's okay Mike, Zephyr. I ain't afraid of a little
  pain." She pressed against him, arms wrapping around, to pull his close. "Make
  love to me, please." 
 Cerberus knew his boy would never be able to force himself to take Morgan,
  not as long as he feared hurting her. "Hold on, baby, let me help you." He
  knelt by the couch where Zephyr was holding her. "Look at me, honey, listen
  to what I have to say to you." He brought his will down on hers as gently as
  he had ever used it on any, even his own Fledglings. "Zephyr only wants to
  love you. He wants nothing more than you to enjoy his love. So you will, okay,
  there won't be any pain or discomfort. Not even once." He bent to kiss Morgan,
  feeling her brightness, understanding, at last, what his Childe saw in her. 
 Eris gathered him closer as he returned. "That was sweet of you." 
 "If Azrael is willing to let Zeph, take her second virginity, the least
  I could do, was see that he didn't have to worry about hurting her. I know
  my boy, he would have never touched her if he thought it could possibly hurt
  her." 
 "Still, that was sweet of you. So soon after the pain Zephyr suffered with
  his marking, he needed to be reminded that you don't usually allow him or any
  that he holds to be hurt." 
` "Why do you think I did it." He kissed him. "Azrael probably thought Zeph
  could block the pain himself. I'm sure he could have, if I had been working
  as hard at his training, as I should have been. But that failing was mine,
  not his. So I took care of it." 
 Zephyr shook as he held her, feeling her open to his touch and his love.
  He had never been so grateful for his Sire's training before in his life. Cerberus
  had taught him how to love another, even took the time, to show him how a woman
  was to be loved, as Zephyr took his first drink from one of the pets his Sire
  claimed. And now, he showed Morgan, her body hot against him, ever touch, every
  caress, that he had ever been taught. 
 Morgan lay back, lost in the bright wonder that this new lover of hers was
  showing her. She gasped, body jerking upwards as she felt teeth, lightly biting,
  at her sex. Her body beginning to burn, with pleasure as fingers found her
  as a loving mouth set her senses on fire. 
 "Please, Zeph," she sobbed against his lips as he made his way back up her
  body, loving her skin with his mouth as she came. "Make love to me, now." She
  wanted so much more now. She had been taken as far as mouth and fingers could
  take her, now she needed to feel him in her. 
 He moved, pulling her to the floor with him, holding her back against his
  chest as he felt her wet, tight, heat, as he sheathed himself in her sex. Moving
  to, cover, him, fully, in her, wetness, before moving to take her final mark
  of innocence. "Breathe for me baby. Breathe." 
 Morgan let out a low, open mouthed, cry as she felt him move against her,
  slipping inside. She pressed her hand against his as he began to stroke her
  in rhythm to his motions. 
 "Raise your hands honey, pull my head to you." He pressed the side of his
  face to hers. Kissing and tasting her skin as he did so. He had never wanted
  to drink so badly from anyone other than his Sire, before in his life. * Please.
  *  His thoughts reached out to his Sire. 
 Cerberus looked to Azrael, who only, nodded, smiling. * Go
        on honey, it's okay. *  He would have to, one day soon,
        take his boy and his new, love, and share the love he was showing her. 
 The cry that Morgan made at the feel of his teeth, and then the heat of
  his hunger, was almost a scream. She gave herself to this, welcoming the power
  that flowed through her. 
* * * 
 It was much later, with dawn just an hour or two away when Cerberus was
  finally able to pull his two up and together, to, finally leave Azrael's. He
  had had to remind Zephyr twice of the boy who his brother was watching over
  for him. Finally, snapping in exasperation that for someone who had no interest
  in women, he was being damned hard headed about it all, and if he didn't behave,
  and come home with him, he would just give the boy to Jacob. It was that final
  threat that finally made the boy bend and agree to obey. Bending to kiss Morgan,
  repeatedly as he dressed, promising to return soon, and even bring Darion to
  meet her. 
 "Zephyr!" Cerberus only laughed. "Calm down, boy, you act like I'm not going
  to let you come back anytime in the near future. It's time to go home, I have
  to see to the rest, and tell the Covenstead what has happened. But I am sure
  that you will be more than welcome to return, anytime you want to. If it wasn't
  for that little boy you just took at home, I wouldn't make you come home now." 
 Michael went to gather Morgan close as Zephyr finished dressing. "You are
  like a drug to the boy." He teased her. "I don't think he is going to be able
  to stay away from you more than a day, perhaps two, at the most." 
 "As long as the boy wants to see her, and is good, I don't care how often
  he is here." Cerberus looked to Azrael, with a look of one tolerant Sire, to
  another. "Just so long as he understands that as the host, and Master here,
  if he behaves badly in your realm, it is to you he answers to." 
 "As long as he does not hurt my Chosen, I do not believe he will ever give
  my cause to censor him." 
 "If he ever does, it is not going to be intentional. Zeph couldn't even
  go ahead and love her as he did without my stepping in. He didn't know how
  to block pain, and was terrified that he would hurt her. So you don't have
  to worry about that, at least, not from him." 
 "I know that, and he also knows what I told him would happen if he ever
  did. So he will strive to see that he never does her harm, intentional, or
  not." 
 He just nodded. He knew he would never be able to convince this one of how
  harmless his boy really was. But he could sit back and let his Childe prove
  it for him. "Well," he grinned. "Uncle, I have to be getting back to my home.
  I've still got to make sure that Garren gets to see his last sunrise. I'll
  finish marking the rest of my Brood with my brand, at setting tomorrow." He
  looked at the rags that had once been his shirt, in his hand. "Oh well, I guess
  I can always buy another shirt. I lose the damn things about two or three a
  week sometimes. 
 "You tend to be in just a tad too much of a hurry to feel skin against skin.
  That's all. Why do you think I keep so many smoking jackets, when I do not
  smoke." 
 Cerberus just laughed. "That's a thought, or I can just forgo shirts all
  together when I'm with one of mine." 
 * You are welcome to try that, little one, but do not be surprised
        if you find you are still losing shirts. If your Brook is anything like
        mine, you will quickly find that they are always with you.  *
        Azrael's thoughts flowed over him, teasingly. 
 "Safe domain, Azrael." He hugged him. 
 "Safe sleep to you as well." 
 "Good hunting." Michael hugged him, patting his back. 
 "You too." 
CHAPTER 13 
 William looked up as Zak and Loki entered the room. "Hi." He whispered kissing
  his lover. "They fell asleep a few hours ago. It took me forever to convince
  them that no one, here, got off on making their lives hell." 
 "So, how successful were you?" Loki bent to gently wake Kyle, before reaching
  for Amy. 
 "I don't know, you'll have to tell me how it went, tomorrow." He reached
  out and squeezed Amy's fingers as the girl woke. 
 "Thank you William. I am sure that anything you said to them was only to
  help them accept that they are safe." 
 William yawned, rubbing his eyes. "Sure, anytime, my pleasure." The he shook
  himself, trying to put off sleep. "Good night," he reached for the Kin. "Loki," and
  for the first time, since he had come here, he willingly, with his mind clear
  and not drugged, kissed a man, other than Zak. 
 Loki not grasping the importance of, his, kiss turned to kiss Zak as well,
  only to be stopped by a hand on the side of his face. Looking down at the eyes
  that were connected to the hand, he moaned, feeling the utter openness, the
  kiss, as William pulled at his shirt. 
 "What?" Loki held the trembling youth to him as he looked up, trying to
  understand how it was that this boy, who loved another, man, was suddenly willing
  to show such new openness. 
 "He has had to face too many horrors for one lifetime." He reached out and
  touched William as his lover was trying to draw in another. "I was finally
  able to know what he feared, and why. It was me that put the space between
  him and his dark memories. You just didn't know him before you kissed him.
  If you had, you might never had been willing to draw him open as you have." 
 Loki, calling on every ounce of will he had to control himself, and a little
  that he could pull from the link he now shared with Azrael, fighting the urge
  he had to just lay down and melt with the boy. He groaned. Breaking free of
  the kiss as he gritted his teeth and pulled away. Handing William back to Zak. "I
  have to be gone from him. I can't stay, and with what he, is, calling up in
  me if I stay any longer, I would not be able to leave him until the sun sets
  tomorrow night. And I have to go be with Azrael now." 
 Zak just chuckled, holding William close, transferring his willingness to
  open from Loki to himself. "The boy can be a tad bit distracting when he sets
  his mind on it, can't he?" 
 Loki backed away from the bed, slowly reaching for his two pets. "Yes, too
  damned distracting by far, if you ask me." He closed the door on Zak's laughter. 
* * * 
 Azrael looked up at Loki as he escorted his two charges into the room. "Loki,
  I felt you call upon me. Was there a problem?" He took in Loki's disheveled
  state. "Are your two well?" 
 "Yes, it wasn't either Kyle or Amy who had me seeking your aid." He pulled
  the remains of his shirt from him, before beginning to undress. "Why didn't
  you tell me that Gabriel's boy was shy with the rest of the men here?" 
 "Forgive me, it completely slipped my mind. Why what happened?" 
 "I went to thank him for watching Kyle and Amy, and discovered that the
  only man he had ever kissed was his lover." 
 "Oh, dear. I take it he did not deal well with it at all." 
 "No," he nodded at the remains of this shirt in the floor. "He was not only
  fine with it, he was why I was having to pull so much self-control. Had I bent
  to his charms, you wouldn't have seen me until the sun set." He motioned for
  Kyle and Amy to, the bed. "You two make yourselves comfortable, I will be with
  you soon enough." 
 "I am glad. It is high time for that boy to learn to open up. He has been
  very shy since Gabriel brought him here. I had hoped that the time he had spent
  with Megel's boy, would be enough to help him along, alas, all it did was frighten
  him more. Good for him, I am so happy for the boy. Now if you could please
  help me with something." 
 "I will do, of course, anything I can." He took Azrael's outstretched hand. 
 "I am worried. I fear that with the two of them as, bound, soul to soul
  as they are. I will never be able to Gift them both, and they both live through
  it." 
 "What do you want me to do Azrael?" 
 "If I were to ask you to take one of them, and make them your Childe, would
  you honor them with your Gift?" 
 "But, Azrael, you told me when I was finally ready to give my Gift to my
  First-Born, due to my nature, I would never have them pushed out. That they
  would be with me forever." 
 "Yes, my love, but that was before I took you as my husband. You will find
  that I am not like some of the younger blood. I do not choose a husband for
  just a few numbers of years. When I took you as my, Husband. I took you for
  life." And then he glanced at Loki, smiling. "Besides, if I have to do this,
  and if you chose not to push your First-Born away, when the hundred years is
  over, preferring to keep them with you a while longer. Then I will, of course,
  keep their mate here as well. It is not just for you that I do this. I am not
  going to be in any hurry to let them leave me either." 
 Loki kissed him, feeling his lover's arms pull him close. "If what you say
  is true, and I will be with you for life. Then I will be both pleased and honored
  to take either of these two as my Childe." He bit at Azrael's neck. "But, I
  am no Mage. How will I see that mine is trained as they should be?" 
 "No love, you are no Mage, but I am. I am hoping that they are right, and
  their tie is strong enough for me to begin with one of them, and the other
  live until I can reach them. But if they are not, and you will help me. If
  you enable me to pass my Gift to my Chosen, safely, without fearing that his
  mate will die before I get to her, I will be ever so happy to train her." Azrael
  pulled away, reaching for Robyn, feeling her tremble against him as he kissed
  her. "I do not wish to do this, precious, but if I can not reach you before
  you die, I lose both of you. I think this is for the best. 
 "Husband." Loki reached to pull Azrael to him. "I will, if her only choice
  is death, or me, I will." 
 "If I give you my precious one here, and she ends up as yours, will you
  allow my boy to still master her?" 
 "You know I will have to. I can't give her that. No, let her come to me,
  and if I end up making her mine, She will still be almost as much your Childe
  as the one that you give your blood to." Loki hugged Torin to him, so happy.
  Thanks to, his wonderful, new, love. He would indeed have a chance to pass
  on his blood, to Sire, a Childe. And oh, what a Childe she would be. 
 Azrael hushed Robyn as she cried against him. "Hush, my darling. You know
  I am doing the only thing I can. I dare not risk losing you as I make Tori
  mine. If I do not make it to you in time, now, at least, I know, you will be
  safe." 
 Robyn nodded, closing her eyes against his kiss. "Tori needs you too much,
  I'll be fine." She looked up, a soft smile on her face as she gazed at the
  one man. She would have to learn to live without. 
 "And just remember, precious if Loki makes you his Childe. You will share
  First-Born status with both Megel and Lilith in my home." 
 She just shook her head laughing weakly. "Yeah, Master, there is always
  that." 
* * * 
 Jason cried against Michael's lips as his master pressed him back into the
  firmness of the bed. "Please, Master, Megel, make me yours. Be my Sire." 
 Michael looked, just briefly at Joseph who had pulled both Amber and Ben
  to him as he had entered the room. "Keep them company for me, Cain. I have
  a promise to fulfill." 
 "Go on, Father, you see to my little brother. I'll take care of the rest." 
 With his Childe's promise, Michael was able to turn back to his precious
  Chosen. "You want me, Jason? You want what I can give you?" One last time,
  he knew that all in all, he was going too quickly. Jason had only been with
  him for three years, but the boy had been begging for months. And he just didn't
  have it in his heart to make the boy wait any longer. 
 Jason pulled Michael's head down to his throat. "Yes, please, Megel, please
  be, my Father." 
 "Yes, but this first." His teeth sank into his own wrist, drawing blood.
  * Share this with me. *  He felt Jason's mouth
  open to his, to the blood that he offered with his kiss. 
 Twice more did Michael feed his blood to his Chosen. And twice did Jason
  answer his demanding mouth. Kissing his master with such force that Michael
  could taste the, bitter, sweet, blood as he crushed Jason's gums against his
  teeth. 
* * * 
 Robyn whimpered against, Loki's lips. She could feel Torin die, her soul
  cried out in agony as she felt herself begin to die with him. To live, she
  would have to give up Azrael. "Please." She pulled Loki's mouth to her throat. "Father." 
 'Yes, Father'.     He had been
  ready for this, knew that if the chance had not been great, Azrael would have
  never asked his help. Loki moaned, as he felt Robyn's blood fill his mouth.
  She would be his First-Born, and oh what a Childe she would make him. * Hold
  on to me, even as you begin to fade, hold on to me. *  
* * * 
   All traces of humanity were wiped from Michael's
  features as he took Jason to him. Wrapping the boy's fragile soul in his power,
  safeguarding his continued existence. Even as he, took his mortality. * Be
  with me. Be mine. *  He felt the boy slip into the stupor of
  the first shadow of death. He pulled away, crying in both pain and joy, as
  he lowered his mouth to Jason's throat again. But this time, it wasn't his,
  death that he offered his newest Childe, but his life. 
 The shock of the new life as it flooded Jason, was painful. He could feel
  himself die, even as he was born again. And his soul opened to the new birth. Sire.   He
  cried into the darkness that held his mind. Reaching to hold this man, the
  one that offered him life, against him. 
 * Shadow. *   The naming force came down on
  Jason's open soul. * I name you Shadow. From this day hence, you
  are, and are only, Shadow. Jason died. You are Shadow. *  
   ' Shadow',   yes, he was Shadow.
  He had given his mortality to this man. He was Shadow now. * Father.
  *  Again his soul cried to the one that he now lived for. 
 Michael held, Shadow, as the transformation began to take him. Holding him,
  sharing the pain his, Childe suffered as his fangs came down for the first
  time. "Ssshh, it's, okay Shadow." He kissed the side of his face as he cried
  the blood ran from his mouth and gums. "It is sooner than I thought. But don't
  worry love. It is only your mortality that is dying. You will rise with me
  tomorrow night." He felt Shadow begin his death spasms. "Don't be afraid, I
  am here for you." * I will watch over you as you die, Shadow.
  I will never leave you. *  
 Shadow screamed, only once, as his body jerked, his back arching in a painful
  contortion that held him frozen for just a moment, but one that seemed to last
  forever, before he slipped from consciousness. 
 "I'm sorry, Jason." Michael held him, ignoring the feel of his new Childe's
  bodily wastes as he died. He had lived through his own death, and knew that
  this was all part of it. He just lay there, stroking his cheek as he kissed
  the now dead flesh. "My most precious Childe, I am so, very, sorry." 
 "Joey?" Ben whispered. "Why is my master, sorry?" 
 Joseph looked down at him, smiling gently tears still streaming from his
  eyes. "He just killed his Chosen. When his Childe rises with the setting sun,
  he won't be Jason anymore. He'll be Shadow." 
 "But, he's still Jason." He couldn't seem to understand what Joseph had
  just told him. 
 "No, baby. That is Jason, you just saw him die. If he rises tomorrow night,
  he will be Shadow." 
 "What do you mean, if  ?" Ben wasn't sure if he should
  be scared again, or not. 
 "Though, I've never seen it happen other than with my Grand0Sire's husband,
  and then that was not a true failure. I've been told that once in a great while,
  the blood doesn't take, and the Childe dies during his death sleep. Or worse,
  the Childe rises, but isn't whole. If Shadow is like that, Megel will kill
  him quick. He would never make anyone he loves live like Loki's mad Sire did." 
 "He would kill him? Really kill him?" 
 "He wouldn't let Shadow live like that. It would probably drive him, half
  mad, with grief, but Megel would kill him." 
 Michael looked up, smiling at his first, made Childe. "He will rise, and
  he will rise whole. No Childe that starts his change as quickly as Shadow has,
  ever fails to take the blood." Then, to Ben, "I won't have to kill him, he
  will be my Childe" 
 Ben looked at Michael as he held the dead body of his Chosen. "You going
  to do that to me? Do I have to die too?" 
 Michael laughed softly as he eased Shadow's body from him, laying him gently
  onto the bed. "I hadn't planned on it. But who knows what tomorrow will bring.
  You will be with me for the next hundred and fifty years. So I don't know what
  you will be to me then." 
 "Joey says he won't be Jason anymore." He didn't pull away as Michael pulled
  him close. 
 "No, my darling Chosen is dead. When he rises tonight he will be Shadow." He
  felt Ben tremble in his arms. "You don't have to be afraid of him Ben. He would
  no more hurt you as Shadow, than he did as Jason. And it will be about a year
  before he ever drinks from you." He was hungry. Shadow had taken so much of
  his blood. "Hold on to me, baby." His fangs broke through the tender flesh
  of Ben's neck. Sinking deep into the Jugular there. 
* * * 
 Robyn pressed her mouth to Loki's throat, burning with a desperate drive
  that she had never felt before. Her newly made fangs sinking deep. 
 "No, Sapphire." Loki pushed her away from his throat, kissing her as she
  cried out in protest. "Later, let your body finish dying." 
 Azrael held Torin to him, making soft soothing sounds as his Childe suffered
  through his own lowering of his fangs. The boy was suffering so much. Azrael
  had forgotten how much a Mage could suffer. "Let her drink, Loki. It will help
  as she finishes her transformation." He felt Torin's fangs find him, willing
  to feed the suffering Childe in his arms. "Drink, Tori, drink. I know. Your
  mate does not suffer as you do. I fear that on your side of the soul you share
  with her is the greatest burden for the price of your death." 
 * Drink, Sapphire. Drink. *   He held his First-Born
  close as she responded to his offer of blood. 
 The heat, the wonderful life that filled her mouth, as she drank. Never
  had she ever felt like this, not even when her first master had offered her
  his blood. She could feel it, burning down her throat to settle glowing in
  her belly. * Master. *  She pulled herself even
  closer to him, letting him enter her as she fed. * Father. *  
 Torin cried against Azrael as he began to feel his body die. He felt as
  if he were on fire. His eyes stung as the salt from the blood in his tears
  burned them. He had never been afraid to suffer, but like this, nothing ever
  prepared him for this. "It hurts, Master." He moaned as his body began to spasm. 
 "Yes love, I am sure it does." Azrael stroked the young dying mans cheek.
  Sharing the death pain of his precious Chosen, so that a new Childe could be
  born. "But then, dying usually does." 
 Loki looked up as he lay his precious First-Born beside her mate, letting
  them die together. "Now that I have her, how am I going to brand her Azrael.
  I don't even have a mark of my own to pass to her." 
 Azrael gathered his lover to him. "You have done so very much for me, beloved,
  I promise you this. When your Childe rises, you will have a mark, and you will
  then pass it on to her. Your Sire does not deserve your loyalty. He ill-used
  you so. But as your Brother, I will mark you as part of my Line. Your mark
  will only differ from mine in the name you bear. If I had only thought and
  had Megel help me with your marking. But I had not had a chance to fully talk
  to my two Chosen yet, and he was too far into his boy at the time. I can not
  ease the pain I cause you." He took his knife and poised it just above Loki's,
  left breast. "I am sorry, Husband." 
 The man beneath him just took the hand that held the knife, kissing it and
  the blade. "I had always been told, by my Sire, that I never was worthy of
  my his mark. If you mark me as yours, I will be both honored, and willing to
  suffer for it, my love." 
* * * 
 Night came quickly for Shadow. He rose with a burning in his gut. "Father." He
  reached for his Sire's throat. Giving in to his hunger for the first time. 
 * Go on, Shadow, drink your fill. *  He touched
  his Childe's mind gently. Assuring, himself, that his Childe was whole. * Cain
  might be First-Made, but you are my First-Born. The first of my Fledglings
  that I have taken from the realm of the day, I give you to my world. *  
   "Yuck," Shadow looked down at him self. "You
  didn't warn me about this, Megel. I'm covered in shit." 
 "Your body died last night Shadow, and it reacted just like any other living
  body which meets its end. Don't worry about it, a quick trip to the bathroom
  and you'll be cleaned up." Michael just laughed at his youngest Fledgling,
  his First-Borns look of martyred pain. "Come back here Shadow, finish drinking.
  I'm not bothered by a little waste. I was once where you are." 
 "So I take it by his response that I have a new little brother." Joseph
  murmured sleepily, trying to wake up. It was so early. He couldn't even remember
  when he was so hungry that he woke with the first setting of the sun's rays. 
  *Yes, and with his rising, I am going to see what I can do,
        not only to replace Ben on the Hall, but take another, pet. I will never
        be able to keep up with both his and your hunger, otherwise. *  
 *Yeah, *   Joseph pulled close as Shadow backed
  away, * at least one more, if not two.  
 Michael laughed, holding his head to his throat. "Glutton." 
 * No, Father, just went hungry too often in the past. *  
   "Well finish. I will take care of you, you
  know that Cain. You have been with me long enough to know the truth. Just because
  Shadow is now my First-Born, I won't ever push you from me. You played second
  for far too long to ever have to play it again. 
 "I know that Megel, Sire." Joseph kissed him. "I'm happy for Shadow. He
  was your Chosen first. Me, I just kinda happened." 
 Michael grabbed him by sides of his face. He had heard words of this ilk
  from his Childe one too many times, he had to make him stop, or Shadow would
  suffer too. And there had already been entirely too much suffering for one
  mistake. "No, Cain. Had I not wanted you as my Childe, I would have left you
  my slave. Never doubt that you were, and are, wanted as much as Shadow. I will
  never fail you. You are my Childe." 
 Joseph pulled back, laughing as he cried. "Hello, little brother." Shadow
  felt so good in his arms. He had a brother now. 
 "Hi, Cain." He grinned, "It feels so weird to have an older brother." 
 "Imagine how I feel. I've never had a brother before, older or younger.
  We've both only had sisters." He moved a little so Michael could take Amber
  and quiet his hunger with her blood. "Come on Shad, tell Ben that you won't
  hurt him." 
 "Shad?" Shadow looked at his in mock horror. "I only got my name last night,
  and already you're calling me Shad." He eyed his friend and sibling. "Keep
  it up, and I'll start calling you, Cay." 
 Joseph laughed. "It will be worth it, just to see the reaction you have
  every time, someone calls you Shad." 
 Michael pulled away from Amber, kissing first one cheek and then the other. "Okay,
  you two, behave." He just chuckled "Children, I swear. I think I've just been
  struck with the vampiric version of the 'Mothers Cruse.'" 
 Shadow looked at Ben. "Hey, it's okay. It's still me." 
 "But, they, he, said you died." The young mortal cried as Shadow pulled
  him close. 
 "I did, but Jason is still part of me. It's just that he was incorporated
  into Shadow. I won't hurt you, I promise." He closed his eyes at the feel and
  the smell of fear that Ben was showing. "You have to stop it Ben. Don't be
  afraid of me, please." 
 "Let the boy go Shadow. Give me a few minutes to deal with his fear, you
  are too young yet. Rise and greet your new life. You have a new aunt and uncle
  to greet. And I don't doubt that your new Grand0Sire will want to see you.
  Let's go and get cleaned up, and then we will go." 
 They both rose quickly as they could, hurrying to shower, only stopping
  once while they did so, Shadow stumbled in the stall, and had to feed again
  as hunger took him. And then dressing with such haste that he tore his shirt.
  He just looked down laughing at the rip in his undershirt as he pulled the
  buttoned top over his back. "Whoops." 
 "Slow down, Shadow. Don't be in such a hurry, ever again, you have what
  you asked for." He felt his Childe shiver against him. 
 "Ow," Shadow doubled over at the pain in his body. "But, what gives Father,
  I though I was dead already, what is wrong?"" 
 Michael chuckled, holding his head to his throat. "Nothing Shadow. You are,
  dead, but the body hasn't finished its leave taking from mortality yet." He
  supported his new Childe as his body trembled, holding his head to him. "Let
  it go, Shadow, the sooner you let your body finish it's final death, the sooner
  the pain will pass." 
 "How long is it going to be like this?" Shadow sighed pulling away as the
  pain left him. 
 "Depends. A few days, perhaps a week, but no more." 
 "Damn." He had hoped that after last night, he wouldn't have to hurt like
  this again. 
 "Come on Shadow." Joseph took the pain of rebirth in stride. He had lived
  through it, and he knew if he could, Shadow would be just fine. "I want to
  meet Robyn and Torin, or what ever their Sire has named them." 
* * * 
 The room was still empty as Michael let his new Brood in. "It would seem
  that we are up even earlier than I had first thought." 
 "Azrael will be along soon enough. Probably having his hands full with two
  Fledglings." Joseph threw himself on the couch. 
 "I can take this time to brand you with my mark, Shadow." Michael took Shadow
  to the bed. "Or I can wait for my Sire so that I know that I won't hurt you." 
 "Don't worry about it, Megel, I'd just as soon you mark me now." 
 Michael nodded. "Cain, come and hold your brother for me." 
 Jason looked up, hand raising to, first open his shirt, then touch Michael's
  mark on Joseph's left breast. "It's just so damned beautiful." He whispered. "I've
  been wanting it since I saw him do you." 
 "Go on and mark the Childe, Megel, do not make him beg for it." Azrael and
  Torin entered the room followed next by Loki and Robyn. Then Morgan led the
  rest in. 
 Shadow, gritted teeth, fighting to keep from screaming as his Sire's blood
  burned into his flesh 
 *Cry out if you must Shadow, I can feel how you hurt. Cry out.
        Cry out for both of us. *  
 Shadow cried out pulling against the hands that held him, as the pain of
  the brand and the pain of his body combined. 
   Michael pulled the knife away from Shadow's
  shin, pulling him to his throat, waiting for the death spasm to pass him. Waiting
  as Shadow fell back against Joseph nodding that he could begin again. 
 This time a whimper slipped past Shadow's lips as his Sire finished his
  brand. Turning to press his face against Joseph's arm as he waited for the
  burns to heal. 
 "I will seal my brand, as soon as you both can stand without my blood. I
  won't have either of you ever left alone, left marked as orphan's Like Cerberus
  was." 
 "Do what you think is best, Megel. But do you honestly think that any Childe
  of yours, would ever be left bereft of family?" Azrael fussed at him. "From
  Ezekiel, and Izabo, your closest sibs, to your great aunt. Even your cousin
  Cerberus, would see to it that your Brood never feels alone." 
 "I know that, Father, and I will have to take my two to see those two, if
  nothing else. But, I will sleep better during the day, if I know that I have
  offered them what protection I can. 
 "Well as soon as your Childe finishes healing, let him up. I want to see
  my new Grand-Childe. And you have a new brother to welcome to the family." 
 It was then that Michael looked up at Azrael. "Just brother? Did my sister
  not rise?" The he looked at Robyn. "Who is your Sire, sweet?" 
 "I am." Loki lay a hand of Robyn's arm. "Azrael was worried that which ever
  he took second, would not live through the death of their lifebond." 
 "I had feared, and rightly so, that when I took Tori and made his my Childe,
  Sapphire," he nodded at Robyn. "Would never live long enough for me to reach
  her. So I asked Loki if he would safeguard my precious one's life, and make
  her his Childe, his First-Born. And, as you can see, she is alive and well,
  and full Kin." 
 Michael reached out and pulled Sapphire's shirt up, to see Loki's brand
  over her left breast. "Seems I've seen this brand somewhere before." He lowered
  his lips to it, kissing it lightly. "You are still my sister. True it is because
  your Sire and mine are Lifemate's. But you are still my sister. The brand you
  carry is the same as mine. The only difference is your Sire's mane is where
  Azrael's would have been." 
 She shook her head. "No, I'm happy with my Sire. It was the best thing Azrael
  could have done for me. I'm Loki's Childe, his daughter, his First-Born." She
  backed away, taking Michael's hand as she reached for Loki. Needing to be with
  her, Sire, but still unwilling to pull away from Michael completely. 
 Azrael caught Shadow as another spell hit him. "Megel." He supported the
  Childe as he wept in pain against him. 
 Michael released Sapphire's hand as he turned to offer what support he could
  to his suffering Childe. "Go on Shadow." He pulled his Child, his true First-Borns
  mouth to his throat. "Drink, it will help with the pain." His eyes looked around
  the room, stopping on David's form as he entered the room. * Will
  you help me, cousin, I have a new Fledgling and a Childe that I will not push
  away yet. I have bled both of my pets already so far. *  
 *Of course, I have enough to help you until you can find another
        pet. And I can do so without risking Christian's care. He has been free
        of me, for quite a few months. But you are right. You shouldn't push
        Cain away, thank you for seeing that he is still cared for. It helps
        ease my quilt for failing him. *   Michael noted the happiness
        in his friends thought. The first year, when all that protected a young
        vampire from a horrid death of starvation, was the blood in their Sire's
        veins. Was very hard for Sire and Childe alike. So anytime a Childe lived
        through his first year, the Sire would always rejoice. 
 Shadow rested against Michael as the pain finally faded. "I'm sorry. I don't
  mean to try and bleed you dry, but it hurts so bad." 
 "Don't worry about me love, I can always turn to Vincent and Selene. All
  you have to worry about it living through the pain. I'll take care of everything
  else. 
 "But, Cain?" 
 "Has already fed from me tonight. He won't need to do so again until he
  rises tomorrow." He stroked his cheek. "No, I won't short Cain, don't you ever
  worry about that. But he doesn't need my blood quite as badly as you do right
  now." 
 Morgan pulled away from where they all sat, and began to cry softly. "You're
  not my brother anymore." 
 Shadow pulled away from his Sire. "No squirt, I guess, I'm not. But it's
  okay. We'll be related again soon enough. Just as soon as Azrael take you as
  his Childe, then we'll be related again, maybe not as brother and sister, but
  as aunt and nephew." He bent, kissing her, kissing her fully for the first
  time in his life. "And we can be closer as aunt and nephew, than we ever could
  be as brother and sister." 
 Michael felt Torin's arms go around him as he hugged his new little brother
  close. "Did I hear our Sire correctly? He left you your name? 
 "Yeah, we talked about it and agreed that right now, too much of who I am
  is still tied up into Torin. So much that I would have never been able to transfer
  it all into another." 
 "Then think on this, little brother of power as well as by blood. Our Sire
  was calling me Megel, quiet sometime before he made me his Childe. 
 "Name too tied up with your power too, hu?" 
 "Very much so." 
 "Az told me that Loki could give my girl a name. And she would be able to
  tie her power into it. I'm just glad he chose Sapphire, it's close enough to
  Blue, that I won't confuse issues when I call her that." 
 "I most assuredly wasn't thinking of yellow sapphires when I named her." Loki
  smiled, holding his Childe close. "But now that she is Kin, Azrael is going
  to have to see what kind of potion he can come up with, so that the blue in
  her hair lasts more than her next washing." 
 "Now that she is Kin, I can see to it that her hair stays that lovely shade
  of blue she likes so much." 
* * * 
 Shadow was having problems trying to convince Morgan that their relationship
  would be able to change now that he was Michael's Childe. 
 "But you're my brother." She pushed him away, angry and hurt. 
 "No, Mo, Jason, your brother died last night. Megel killed him. I stopped
  being your brother when he died." 
 "I know that, I knew he was dead when I saw you. But you just look so much
  like him." 
 "It's okay sweetheart, you have all the time in the world to accept me as
  I am now." He sat with her, rocking her as she cried against him. "I just didn't
  realize how my death would effect you." 
 "I didn't know it would hurt this bad. I just though that, one day, you'd
  wake up and, be a vampire, ya know? I forgot the dying part." 
 "Well, sorry squirt, but dying comes with the territory." He kissed the
  top of her head. 
 "Yeah, I guess it does at that." She reached out and touched the mark on
  his chest. "Shadow, hu?" 
 "Yep, Shadow." He reached and touched his new mark as well. "Isn't it pretty
  as hell?" 
 "Yeah. But then again, Michael is always accusing you of being too pretty
  for your own good." 
 Shadow just laughed. "Pretty mark to go with pretty face?" 
 "Something like that." 
 "So is Zephyr going to be dropping in to see you tonight or what?" 
 "I don't know. Cerberus mentioned something about a new pet of his. If he's
  anywhere near as skittish as Loki's two are, it might be a few days before
  he get around to calling again. 
 "I don't know about that, that kid is damned lovable when he puts his mind
  to it. I watched him make love to you last night, playing my last night as
  your big brother, and keeping an eye out for you." Then he frowned at her. "What
  you did about Sapphire was mean though. When you told him to make her pay for
  taking your place. He really thought you meant it." 
 She frowned. "I must have meant it on some level or the other. I don't think,
  with as open as I was to him, that I could have really lied to him." She held
  up her hands in surrender. "Okay, I admit it, I can be just a little petty
  from time to time." 
 "Then you are well on your way to being Azrael's Fledgling. I think that
  that one particular emotion pervades in the characters of every Kin I can think
  of." 
CHAPTER 14 
 Kyle looked up, watching as the man who now owned both him and Amy, came
  to where they had been left alone for several hours. He was trying to remind
  himself that this one wasn't going to hurt them, that the nightmare was over,
  but as the vampire sat beside him, it wasn't easy. "M-Master?" He fought down
  his panic as Loki lifted him. 
 "I didn't mean to ignore you and your little friend last night, but as you
  saw, I was just a tad bit busy. And once I had a new Childe, I simply forgot
  that you were there. I'm sorry, I will try to see that you aren't forgotten
  again." He ripped the flesh of has wrist open with his fangs, offering it to
  Kyle. "Drink, forgetful I might be, but I will never let you suffer like you
  once did." 
 Kyle moaned, pressing back against Loki, sobbing against his lips as he
  felt his master's hands on the waist of his pants, loosening the restrain there. 
 "Here, Loki," Sapphire smiled kneeling at his feet. "Let me help you Father." She
  smiled, pressing her face into his hand and he reached to stroke her cheek. 
 "Thank you." He smiled down at her has she went to remove Kyle's pants. "I
  appreciate all the help you give. I am still worried about them. I can use
  all the help I can get." 
 "My pleasure, Father. I will take care of him, you need to take care of
  Amy." She accepted Kyle's trembling body into her arms as Loki went to reach
  for Amy. "It's okay, pet." She smiled at him. "Your master, my Sire, he's going
  to go take care of your little friend. Why don't you and I go somewhere, so
  I can take care of you." She turned looking at Azrael, who was sitting just
  a few feet away with Torin. "Father, can I have your knife please?" 
 Azrael reached down and took it from the sheath in his boot. And smiling
  in approval handed it to her. "Go on Sapphire, take care of your Sire's charge." 
 Amy didn't pull away as Loki lifted her into his lap. She was beginning
  to believe that he really wouldn't hurt her. "Master." She sighed as she felt
  his mouth on her throat. 
 Loki would not feed from her, she was still too weak from her loss of blood,
  but he would bring her to him this way. He felt her body jerk, and heard the
  short, sharp cry as he bit, teasing her senses as he reached for the blade
  that Michael was holding out. Pulling away long enough to open a small cut
  up in his throat for her, before, lowering his mouth to tease her some more. 
 Amy sobbed against his neck as the intense wave of lust and desire washed
  over her. Shyness was gone, fear forgotten as she felt his hands on her. 
 Loki lifted his head, licking the smear of his blood on her lips as he kissed
  her. Mouth opening to hers as she responded. Feeling her press farther into
  his arms. Open, and willing. "Come, let's go join your friend as I make you
  mine." He carefully stood, cradling her in his arms as she buried her face
  in his shirt. 
 Sapphire looked up as Loki moved to join her and Kyle on the bed. The boy
  under her was lost in the same bliss that Amy had found herself in. And he
  was no, more, shy now than she was. "Come on honey, let's move over just a
  bit. My Father is coming to join us." 
 Kyle looked up, as he moved over, as Loki brought Amy to be with them. "Master?" He
  waited only long enough for Loki to lay the girl down before going into his
  arms. Everything was so good right now. He'd do anything for this man, for
  any of them if he were only asked. "Please, if you, you know, want to fuck
  me, please, I don't care if it hurts." 
 Loki just smiled at him, kissing him softly. "I'm not going to 'fuck', you
  baby, I will never 'fuck' you. I will love you, always love." He pressed him
  back against the bed. "And Kyle, love doesn't hurt." And as he had done with
  Amy, he sank his fangs into the boy's throat. 
 Sapphire held Amy, stroking her hair as she slowly pulled the girls clothes
  from her. Moving to touch her with utmost care. "Will I frighten you if I made
  love, to you, honey?" 
 The girl lay in her arms, looking up at her with shy trust. "No, I mean,
  yes, I would like that." The heat of her blush warmed Sapphire skin. "I, I
  had a girlfriend before, you know, Garren kidnapped me." 
 Sapphire just laughed, pulling away to finish removing her clothes. "Well,
  honey, would you like to be my girlfriend?" 
 Amy didn't answer her, at least, not, verbally. She wrapped her arms around
  her neck and pulled herself even closer. 
 Kyle was near crazed as Loki touched his body, teasing him. Never had he
  ever wanted this, but want it he did. And as he felt the cool lips, take, him,
  he felt as if he were exploding. 
 Loki pulled back long enough to moisten one finger before swallowing. And
  as he went back to loving the child under him, he gently inserted his, now,
  slick finger into him. Feeling the pleasure that the boy felt as he began to
  thrust gently. 
 Sapphire lifted Amy's face so that she could see Loki making love to the
  boy under him. "See baby, Loki won't hurt him, and he won't hurt you." She
  bent to bite gently at the girl's shoulder, moving down to capture a breast,
  pulling lightly on the nipple. "Now that you can see that Kyle is in no danger,
  and know that you aren't either, I'd love to make love to you." Her mouth moved
  to the other breast as a slow gentle hand slipped between her legs to stroke
  her sex with light pressure. 
 Amy held her as tight as she could as her legs parted to the hand that moved
  to bring pleasure and only pleasure. "Yes," she whispered. "Make love to me,
  Mistress." 
 Sapphire lifted her head to kiss the girl. "I am baby, I am." 
 Loki drew back, to catch Kyle's second release in his hand, using it to
  cover his own hardness, mingling it with his own seepage. "Kyle." He whispered,
  looking into the boys, heavy lidded eyes. Bringing his will down on the boy,
  pulling control from his tie with Azrael. "I won't hurt you. Never like this,
  not ever." And he turned the boy over, pulling his hips up so the boy could
  lay there, knees under him, "Now, I will make love to you. Always love." 
 Kyle cried softly to himself as he felt Loki move to enter, to cover, him.
  Welcoming the feeling as for the first time in his life, a man was with him,
  and it didn't hurt. And as he felt a gentle hand on him, teasing with easy,
  light, movements, the damn finally broke and he lay there, crying as Loki made
  love to him. 
 Sapphire laughed softly as Amy pulled her up, her little mouth demanding
  on hers. She had been so sweet, so, open, that now, she was willing to return
  the touches and love that Sapphire had showered her with. Letting her, roll,
  over and pull her on top. "Make love to me, Amy. Be my girlfriend, my lover." 
 Amy had had a girlfriend once, but never like this. She trembled as she
  shyly bent to tug on the ring in Sapphires nipple. 
 "Don't be shy, honey. I'm a vampire now, there is really nothing you can
  do to hurt me." And she took the girls face between her hands. "Don't be afraid
  honey, your hands feel so good." 
 Amy looked down to gaze on Sapphire's hairless sex. She looked back at Sapphire
  with a question in her eyes. "Yes, Amy, I know. I had Azrael remove my hair
  about a week after I had just gotten here. Tori kept complaining the my hair
  kept getting stuck in his teeth and asked his Sire to tend to the problem." 
 She blushed again. "Do you think?" She looked over where Loki was making
  love to Kyle. 
 "Yeah, baby, he would like that. I'll ask Azrael to take care of you." She
  kissed the girl. "Now, love, be my lover." 
 Loki felt his own orgasm, even as he felt the boy's wash over him, felt
  the warmth on his fingers as Kyle came again. He pressed against him, pulling
  him up, still embedded as he was. Lifting his hand to his mouth, to lick the
  cooling fluid from his fingers, and then feeding them to Kyle as he kissed
  him with almost brutal passion. 
 "Loki, love." It was Azrael's soft voice, just inches from his ear. "Here,
  beloved." He held out a wet washcloth and a small brown jar. "The boy is going
  to need this if you plan to have him make love to you, and remember, you will
  need that for Amy. Garren raped her, sodomized her brutally often. When you
  go to prove to her that you will never hurt her like this, you need to prove
  that it will be painless and wonderful." 
 Sapphire looked up. "Father," then she smiled a wicked little smile, "Daddy." 
 Azrael just chuckled smiling. "Yes dear?" 
 Sapphire looked down at Amy. "Go on baby, ask him." But the girl only looked
  down, blushing even harder. Sapphire squeezed her lightly. "She would very
  much like to be as hairless as me. But I don't think she is quite up to asking." 
 Azrael looked to Loki. "What say you Brother? She is your pet, yours and
  Sapphire's." 
 Loki answered by pulling Azrael's mouth back to his. * My,
        love. *  The thoughts were soft as he pulled Azrael's
        head to his throat, even as he went to pierce his flesh. 
 Torin moved to pull Sapphire close as his Sire pulled Loki up into his arms,
  losing himself in the joy. "Our Father's are a bit busy right now, do you think
  Amy will let me touch her. I can deal with it, if she will." 
 Sapphire looked down into Amy's shy blushing, face. "Would it make it easier
  for you if Tori helped you? Azrael made him his at the same time Loki made
  me. He was as mortal as you are last night." 
 "Will, will it hurt?" She froze as Torin pulled her close. 
 "No, Amy, I won't hurt you." And as his hand covered her mound, "If anything
  the warmth you feel as I ground out the powers that I am using, it will feel
  good, so, very good." His fingers parted the lips of her sex as he stroked
  her, lightly. Smiling down into her face as he brought his fingers to his lips. "See
  sugar. I won't hurt you." And he lowered his mouth to hers. "Never like this,
  and never you." * Father, *  his mind touched Loki's.
  * May I? *  
 * Of course, but later. I have to prove myself to her still.
        *  
 Torin looked down into the curious brown eyes that were looking up at him
  with wonder. "Later sugar, you master wants to love you first. But once he
  has, then trust me, I wouldn't love anything more than to drown in yours and
  Sapphires love." 
 Azrael reached for Torin, "come precious, the sooner you pull away, the
  sooner, your" he looked up at Sapphire smiling. "The, sooner, your Daddy, can
  show her how much he can love her." 
 Torin just growled playfully as he wrapped his arms around his Sire. "Daddy?
  I'm not Blue, Father. Loki is my Father, true he is second to you, but he is
  still my Father." 
 "Yes love, pity though, Loki would have found that word as charming as I
  do." 
 "I'll use it when I'm in his arms, again. But he is still my Father." 
 Loki cleaned the traces from his loving Kyle from himself. "Kyle, I hate
  to be away from you right now, but would you go and let my Childe hold you?
  You know I won't hurt you, but I have to prove to Amy that I will do her no
  more harm than I did you." 
 Kyle just moved, going to let Sapphire take him into her arms. He had been
  with her earlier, he knew he was safe. 
 Amy looked up at Loki as he moved to lie by her. She trembled from both
  want and nervousness. "M-master?" She whispered. 
 "Call me Loki, Amy." Then he stopped. "If I change your name, will you be
  able to let the past go easier?" 
 She looked up at him, tears sparkling in her eyes. "You, you are going to
  change my name?" A small tiny smile lit her eyes. 
 "If I choose the name Willow, would you be comfortable answering to it?" 
 "You're giving me a new name, like you gave her." She pointed to where Sapphire
  lay, loving Kyle. "Are you going to make me a vampire too?" 
 Loki just laughed, kissing her. "No, pet, your name is nothing like Sapphire's,
  there is no power to hold it. I am just doing what Maria suggested and giving
  you a new life." He felt her pull herself against him as she began to cry. "Ssshh,
  don't cry Willow, there isn't any reason for you to cry." He spoke her name,
  softly, trying it out. 
 She lay there against him, face pressed into his hair as she struggled to
  relax. 
 "Listen to me Willow." Loki lifted her face to look into his eyes. "Did
  I hear you correctly when you told Sapphire that you prefer your own gender?
  I'm going to make love to you now, and if once I'm done, you do not find my
  touch to be as sweet as Sapphire's, I will gift you to my Childe and you will
  never have to feel a mans touch again. But I have to make love to you. I have
  to show you that all men do not get pleasure from hurting you." 
 She nodded, biting at her lover lip. "I-I understand, an-and I'm not afraid
  of you. Not right now." 
 Loki turned to lay her under him. "You don't ever have to fear me Willow,
  I will never hurt you, I would never violate your trust like that." 
 She sobbed against his lips as he began to caress her. He was so gentle.
  So unbelievably, gentle, with her. Her hands roamed the expanse of his back
  as his head lowered and he took her left breast into his mouth. Softly caressing
  the right. 
 Sapphire pulled Kyle up. "Come on honey, let's go get you fixed as well." 
 "Fixed?" 
 "See your little friend? She had Tori fix her so no one will ever have to
  worry about a stray hair. I'm sure your master would like that for you as well.
  Besides, with the way she reacted to the feelings, I'm looking forward to seeing
  if you do the same." 
 "You're going to make me look like a little boy?" Kyle covered himself. 
 Sapphire just laughed at him. "Oh, no, Kyle, trust me, you won't look like
  a little boy. Little, boys don't come equipped like you have. I think it is
  just beautiful. Neither Tori or Azrael have hair there, do they look like boys
  to you?" She kissed him. "The only man who still has hair there is Loki." 
 Kyle closed his eyes, sighing. "Yes, Mistress." He took her hand. 
 Sapphire reached down to place a light kiss on Loki's cheek as he was making
  love to Willow. "I will be just a minute." 
 Loki looked up, capturing her lips in a, soul stealing, kiss. "Take your
  time dear, I have already proven to." He stopped for a moment again, "Proven
  to Kell that I will not hurt him, and I will not let him be hurt. So if you
  and that boy who calls me, Father, too, want to put him between you, feel free." 
 "Oh goody." She laughed, kissing him again. "Have fun Father, I know I will." And
  she rose from he bed, pulling the now very confused boy with her. 
 "Wh-what did he just call me?" He looked over his shoulder as Sapphire led
  him to where Azrael sat, holding Torin. 
 "Kell. He gave Willow a new name, so he gave you one too. New life, clean
  slate, and no more nightmares." She stopped before the two who sat watching
  her with avid curiosity. "Daddy," she smiled, "can I borrow Tori for a little
  while?" 
 Azrael nodded. "Just remember, he is still mortal and the two of you, together,
  might just devour him if you are not careful." 
 "Daddy!" Sapphire fussed as Kell tried to pull away if fear. "Please, Azrael,
  he doesn't know you are joking, he thinks Tori and I will feast on him." 
 *Child, *   Azrael's amused thoughts touched
  him. * Both my Childe and my Step-Childe are newly made. You have
  nothing to fear from them in that regard. They will not hurt you. They cannot,
  not, like that.  * "No Sapphire, neither you or my Son would
  ever dream of killing the boy, but between the two of you, in the state you
  both are in, and knowing you as well as I do. If you are not careful, you will
  wear him down to a husk."    
 "We'll be good Father," Torin moved to stand beside his bonded. "Hey Kell,
  so you want me to do to you what I did to Amy?" 
 "Willow." Sapphire corrected him. "My Sire gave her a new name, just like
  he did Kell. Her name is Willow." 
 Torin nodded. "Do you think our Father will mind if we went and found a
  quiet bed somewhere, so I can take care of him, fully?" 
 "You two go on, I am sure that Loki will not mind." Azrael just chuckle
  at the trapped look that Kell graced him with. "Go on child, my two will never
  hurt you." 
 Willow held Loki, lost in the torturously slow rocking motion he loved her
  with, again, no force just a slow gentle motion. She found herself lost it
  the warm blissful heat. 
 Loki leaned forward, pressing her back against the bed. "Now, Willow, burn
  with me." His fangs sank home. Moving to fill her with his burning desires
  as she cried out, giving into the flame he called up in her. Arms and legs
  wrapping themselves around him as, she met him in the raging fire that went
  to consume her. 
 * Careful, beloved, *   Azrael's mind touched
  his. * As gloriously sweet as your girl is, she is still too weak
  to be fed from. *  
 Loki pulled away from her throat even as he came, feeding his pleasure back
  into the frail child under him, causing her to cry out, clinging to him as
  she was thrown into another orgasm. Shuddering against him as she held on,
  riding the waves. 
 He lay over her. Still inside her as he placed whisper light kissed over
  her lips and face. "So, Willow, do you want me to give you to my First-Born,
  or do you find peace in my touch?" He captured her hands, kissing them. "If
  you still want me, I will make love to you again, but this time, I will go
  to show you that I will never hurt you, no matter how I love you." 
 She looked up into his eyes, so trusting. "What are you going to do to me?" 
 "I'm going to make love to you like I made love to Kell." He lightly covered
  her mouth to stop her protest. "Did you see me hurt your friend? Trust me,
  I won't hurt you any more than I hurt him." She moaned as he removed his hand,
  pulling her face to his, mouth soft, lips trembling as she kissed him. He could
  feel himself harden inside her again. And as he held her to him, devouring
  her mouth, he began to rock gently again. 
 As Torin pulled away from Kell, leaving him as bare as he was, the boy turned
  blindly, mindlessly to Sapphire. Feeling her welcoming heat as she pulled him
  to her. 
 Torin held back, turning to Azrael. "Father?" He stepped back, motioning
  him to come closer. 
 "Go on Tori. If I make love to him, I will want you to make love to me,
  and I am afraid that we might crush my lifemate's pet if that happens." He
  kissed him. "I know both Sapphire and you must feel like no one has ever felt
  as you do right now, but it is very common for the first while. Remember our
  wants and feelings burn much brighter in us. Now, go, pull that boy up away
  from my girl and take, him, somewhere so that the child does not become shy." He
  pulled his newest Childe close, kissing him hungrily. "But later, if your girl's
  Sire agrees, I would love to be where that boy is going to be, trapped between
  the two of you." Torin just laughed. 
 Loki held Willow. Feeling her bend beneath him. He took a moment to coat
  himself before moving to fill her. "Am I hurting you Willow?" He breathed softly
  in her ear. 
 "No," she moaned as he began to rock her again. "Master." She turned her
  head, seeking his lips. 
 "Loki, Willow, here like this, call me Loki." He pulled her up against him,
  his hands capturing her breasts, biting gently on her shoulder as he made slow,
  easy, love to her. Feeling her shudder in his arms as she rocked with each
  thrust. "Gods, Willow, you feel so good." His hands lowered to begin to stroke
  her slowly, listening to her whimper low in her throat as he did so. 
 She rocked back hard, responding to his touch. "Please, Mas&mdash;I mean
  Loki." The beautiful heat rose in her again, teasing her senses without mercy.
  She began to melt with him as he fed his pleasure into her. She leaned back,
  sobbing against his lips as she reached up to hold him to her. 
 "Lean forward love, let me make you mine." A single hand in the small of
  her back leaned her forward as he gave into the warm, tight, rough heat that
  was her. 
* * * 
 Kell was in his own world, of light and heat and unbelievable pleasure as
  both Torin and Sapphire pressed him into a bed, moving as if they were one
  with a single minded effort to hear him cry in joy. "Baby," Torin moaned, pulling
  the boy's hands to his body. " Make love to me." 
 "I," he moaned against his lips. "What do you want me to do?" 
 "Cover me as I love Sapphire, make me cry in joy as I do the same for Blue." 
 He began to cry, so lost in what he was feeling, and so confused with what
  he felt that he didn't know what was expected of him. "I can't, please, I don't
  know how, I've never made love to a man before. What if I hurt you? Please,
  don't ask me to hurt you." 
 Torin just chuckled at him. "Kell, you can't hurt me. Be as wild as, you,
  want. I promise I will welcome your desires, never doubt that. Now me, I have
  to be careful with you, that is why I want you to make love to me, Azrael is
  right, I would really hate to try to explain to your master how I squashed
  you." He lay back pulling the youngster with him. "Make love to me, please
  baby, make love to me." 
* * * 
 Willow lay against Loki, crying softly as he held her. The past two months
  were finally, completely over. She now had a master that didn't hurt her, didn't
  make her do things to herself or him that scared her. "Thank you," she whispered,
  stroking his chest. 
 "For what?" He bent and nipped at her nose. "For not being a monster?" 
 "No, for being so wonderful to me." She was finally brave enough to look
  him in the eyes without him trying to catch her gaze. 'For making me feel as
  if you care about me." 
 Loki only pulled her closer as he captured her lips with his own again. "You
  are wanted, Willow, both you and Kell. I will always want, and love you both.
  The wrongs, that, were done to both of you, they won't ever happen again. I
  will always love you. And I am hoping that with time, you will come to love
  me." 
 Willow bent to rest her head on his chest, a shy hand stroking the skin
  of his there. "I will, I mean I do." She looked up into his eyes. "Loki," her
  voice was soft. "Make love to me again. I mean, I know that all the bad is
  gone, but could you please remind me again." 
 He smiled up at her. "Always. But this time, as I love you, would it upset
  you if I had Azrael join us? He is my, Husband, my mate, if you will. And as
  such as much you master as I am." 
 She turned her head, looking to where Azrael sat, watching them. She blushed
  as she saw the gentle smile on his face. "He won't, you won't let him hurt
  me, will you?" 
 "Hurt you?" He just laughed at her. "Willow, sweet, he will never hurt you.
  No more than I will, and you believe I will never hurt you." He smiled at Azrael
  as the man sat watching them. * If you want, Azrael, Willow wants
  to make love again, and I want you. Would you come and give both of us what
  we want? *  
 Azrael moved from his chair, coming to stand by the bed. "You will not be
  afraid of me, will you?" He was pleased with his love; he had done so well
  with both of his new pets. And as well as it was going, he had no desire to
  risk frightening the girl. He held out a hand to her. "If you do not fear me,
  I will be happy to help your master hold you." 
 Willow looked first to Loki, before she meekly moved to allow Azrael to
  gather her close. "Loki, he says that you won't hurt me." She trembled in his
  arms. "I-I believe him." 
 Azrael moved slowly, handing Willow back to Loki as he moved to lie beside
  them. "No precious, I will never hurt you. I do not bring pain to any other
  than those who wish or deserve it. And trust me. You have been above reproach.
  So there is no reason for you to fear me or my touch." 
* * * 
 Torin was near mad, crying against Sapphire's lips as he felt Kell's shy
  movements as the boy went to make love to him, even as he made love to Sapphire. 
 "Oh," he jerked as suddenly he went into spasms as a blinding pain flooded
  through his body. He screamed, at, the burning agony that took all control
  as well as his consciousness hit him. 
 "Tori!" Sapphire cried both in pain and fear as her bonded fell against
  her. 
* * * 
 Azrael looked up in shock and fear as he felt his Childe's flight from the
  pain, * Torin? *  But was met only with blackness. 
 Loki pulled away, reaching to touch his Childe's mind, * Sapphire?
        *   The love and pain in his thoughts flowed back to her,
        even as he took Azrael's hand. 
 Kell fell back as Sapphire gathered Torin to her, tears streaming down her
  cheek as she tried to reach him. * Tori, *   but
  he wasn't there, nothing was. * Loki, Master, Father. *  
 Azrael, appeared, Loki in tow, reaching to take his now unconscious Childe
  into his arms. 
 Sapphire didn't want to give her mate up, but there was nothing she could
  do for him. She couldn't feel him anymore, the space in her that had been his,
  since, their bonding was now empty. "I can't feel him anymore." She went into
  Loki's arms, huddling there, "Master, I can't feel him anymore." 
 *Torin, *  again, and again, Azrael cast his
  name into the void. * Answer, me love, do not leave me.  *
  But it was no use, no matter how hard he called, no matter how desperate his
  thoughts were. The boy in his arms lay silent and unmoving. 
 Kell sat watching them as they fought for the boy's life. He would be, blamed,
  for this. He knew it. And he also knew that what little peace that he had been
  granted, he would lose. 
 There was nothing there, Azrael's heart contracted as he felt the blankness.
  Torin, his precious Mageling and beloved, Childe, was gone. Dead, but not dead.
  His mind was forever lost to him now. He knew this, even as he struggled to
  alter the truth. 
 He would have to kill him, see that his body joined his mind in its true
  death. "He is gone." He whispered softly, stroking Torin's hair and he wept. "My
  son is gone." 
 "No!" Sapphire grabbed the still body, held to the man that was her soul. "No,
  please no." But even as she denied Azrael's words, she knew that they were
  true. She wept with pain as her soul, her very essence, screamed in agony, 
 "Let him go, precious, let him go. Let me see to him." Gently, carefully,
  he took Torin's head between his hands, looking up at Sapphire. "Forgive me
  precious." And with a single hard twist, broke the boy's in his arms, neck,
  killing him quick, letting his soul free to follow his mind. 
 Sapphire never made a sound as her body jerked once before crumbling against
  Loki as her soul followed that of his into final death. 
 Loki cried out as he felt his Childe's life leave him. * Sapphire!
        *   His soul screamed as he tried to pull her back. Fighting
        the weakness in him as he crushed her to him. 
 Azrael gently lay the dead boy on the bed, pulling Sapphire's body from
  Loki, going to help his lifemate, even as his soul bled with pain. "Forgive
  me." He lay her beside her bonded. "Forgive me, my precious ones." He fell
  against Loki, crying as he did. 
 The door to the room flew open as Michael followed by Shadow entered both
  Zak and William just inches behind. "Azrael, Sire?" The soul killing pain,
  and the emptiness the terrible emptiness that he saw in his old Sire's eyes,
  was all that he needed to see to know that both his brother and sister were
  dead. "No." 
 Shadow stood there, numb with shock as he took in the horrible truth. Stood
  there, even as Zak and William forced their way past him to join both Azrael
  and Loki on the bed as they wept with such loss. "Megel?" He whispered, fighting
  the pain he felt when his Sire looked up at him, pain and denial in his eyes. "Th-they're
  dead aren't they?" 
 Michael nodded, reaching to pull both Azrael and Loki close. 
 William grabbed the woman that he loved more than life and shook her. "Robby," he
  began to, cry, as there was no answer. "Robyn," and even more desperately, "Sapphire." 
 Joseph stood in the door, Willow in his arms as he saw and felt the awful
  truth. "Megel?" 
 Michael looked up from where he sat holding both his Sire and Loki. "Take
  Shadow, take him and the pets out of here Cain." He sobbed against Azrael. 
 Kell cringed, crying as Joseph reached for him. "I, I'm sorry, Master. I
  didn't mean to hurt him." 
 Loki looked up, fighting the agony he felt at the death of his Childe, his 'First-Born'  . "Go
  with him Kell." He whispered. "Peace, this isn't your fault. Just go and I
  will talk to you later." And he returned to his pain. 
 "Come on Kell, Shadow you take Willow, we don't need to be here for this." He
  knew what was going to happen, and he really didn't think they needed to be
  here for it. Michael was right, they needed to go somewhere and mourn the death
  of the two that had become so important to them. 
 William sat there, rocking Sapphire in his arms. Tears of pain and loss
  fell down his cheeks. She was dead. First Adrian and now her. He was alone
  again. The coldness in his heart hurt so much. "She's dead." Over and over
  he muttered the words. "She's dead Zak." 
 "I know love. I know." There was nothing he could do to ease his lovers
  pain, not now, not with the pain of her passing still so fresh in him. 
 "Gabriel," Michael was crying. "Take Will and leave. Let us say goodbye." 
 Zak fought with William to pull him away from the now dead body of their
  love. "Come on baby." He tried to be as gentle as he could to capture his arms
  against him. "Megel is right, they have to take this time to finish this." 
 William pulled away, turning both pain filled and hateful eyes on Azrael. "You
  killed her." He hissed. "Damn you, you killed her." He motioned to Torin's
  corpse that still lay there. "You and that fucking monster." 
 Zak pulled back from his release of her soul. "Ssshh," He hushed him. "No,
  Will, it isn't his fault. Don't do this, can't you see what this is doing to
  them both. You lost a friend today, but he lost a Childe." He rose, pulling
  the still struggling boy, his Chosen, into his arms. "Forgive him, Azrael." And
  he left. 
 The room was silent save the sounds of sobbing. Sobs from pain so great,
  that it was indescribably. Zak had been right. He had lost his Childe tonight,
  and with his death, Loki's Childe too. 
 Michael pulled Azrael pained face up. "What happened?" 
 "I do not know. I had asked Loki to safeguard my precious one, and if she
  were in danger, take her as his. He did, and it was right. They both were fine,
  and now--." He could do no more than weep. "I thought he was fine. But his
  mind, it died." Again, the agony of his loss, "I had to set his soul free,
  Megel, and with his death, Sapphire, she went too." He captured Loki's face,
  kissing him, trying to share his grief with, one, who suffered as he did. "I'm
  sorry, beloved, but I just could not let him live not as he was. Forgive me." 
 Loki pressed his head against his lover's chest. "I know." He cried, the
  pain he was feeling was worse than, any. He had ever felt before. He had been
  given, by cruel fates, a Childe, and had her ripped from him in one brief moment.
  Deep in his soul, he knew that the only thing that was keeping him sane, and
  not letting him fall, was the man in his arms. The, man, that had killed his
  Childe, his First-Born. 
* * * 
 Morgan looked up. Fear and pain in her face as Joseph, followed by Shadow
  led the two mortals into the room. "Joey?" 
 Joseph let Kell, go, turning to Shadow as Willow was forgotten, and his
  friend and younger brother fell into his arms crying. "They're dead." And together
  they mourned. 
 "Who is dead?" David was up at once. "Who died Cain?" 
 "Sapphire and Tori." He just held Shadow, suffering as he did. 
 "But," David looked to where Selene, sat, a horrified look on her face as
  Casey started to cry. "How, and why?" 
 "I don't know, I, all I was told was that they died. And I had to take Shadow
  and Loki's pets from the room. They have to say goodbye to the two." 
 "Lilith, take Casey from Selene, Christian see to Mat." Then he looked up
  at both Lerion and Derrick. "The elder is going to be away for a while, see
  to Morgan." And he held out a hand to Selene. "Come on, we have to see to our
  master." 
 Morgan fell against Lerion crying in pain and loss. "This is going to kill
  him." She sobbed. 
 "No," Lerion tried to be firm, but he knew what it felt like to lose someone
  so close as Sire to Childe. When his Sire had died it had been so hard to keep
  living. "You won't let it." He gathered the sobbing little mortal, the elder's
  precious Chosen, to rest in his lap. "He still has you. You have to make him,
  see that Morgan don't let him fade. Make him see that he still has a reason
  to live." 
* * * 
 David stood in the doorway, Selene at his side. "Azrael?" He whispered. 
 Selene moved quickly to go to the man that had given her back her life. "Master?" 
 "He is dead." Azrael didn't look up as he reached for her. "My Childe is
  dead." 
 "What happened?" David went to offer what comfort he could give, helping
  Michael to support the two grieving parents. 
 "We don't know Vincent." Michael's voice was pure pain as he looked up at
  the younger Kin. "We just don't know, Tori died and Azrael had to set his soul
  free. And when he did, Sapphire was lost to us as well. Her soul was his as
  his was hers." 
 Selene looked down at the two, who, lay, so quiet, so still. "They are together
  now." She whispered. 
 Azrael pulled away, fighting the pain that what he still had to do would
  cause him. Gathering Torin's body to him. "Sleep well, my love." And as his
  fangs pierced the now lifeless flesh, he drank. * I release you,
  go in peace my love, go, in peace. *   "You too brother, release
  your Childe." He handed Sapphire to Loki, even as Michael took Torin's body
  from him. Sobbing as he too bid his little brother safe sleep. 
 The blood was cold in his mouth as he drank. Hating this part of his life
  more than anything else, to have to release his final link to the soul of one
  of his own sibs. "You too, sister. Tori was more help to you than any of us,
  save our Sire." 
 Loki pulled back from Sapphire, a cry of indescribably pain as he held her
  to him. He had just had her, for such a short time. And now she was gone, forever
  gone to him. Michael had to help Azrael to pull the body from him. He didn't
  want to let her go, not now, not ever. 
 "Loki." Michael whispered, pulling him close. "She is gone, let Azrael say
  his good-byes to her. He loved her as much as you did. Let him tell her so
  as she leaves us." 
 Loki stopped fighting them as Sapphire was taken from him. His soul was
  lost with hers. Life had taken from him again, and as Azrael passed the limp
  and lifeless body to Michael, he fell against his love. "I-I am alone a-again." He
  stammered. 
 "No, Loki, you will never be alone, as long as we are together, we will
  never be alone." Azrael reached and took the dead body of his Childe from Selene. "Release
  him love, let him go." * Please, love, if, Sapphire meant anything
  to you, anything, at, all let her soul bond free to join her. *  
 Azrael waited just long enough for David to make his own farewells before
  taking Torin back into his arms, to finish with him. His Childe was dead. His
  heart broke as the blood from his Childe's body flowed into him. 
 Michael looked up, mind reaching out for his other siblings. * Ezekiel,
        Izabo, Ariel, Ash, *  and, even farther still. * Kale,
        Ventor, come, *   he sent out the call to all of his Sire's
        still living children to come and mourn with him. 
CHAPTER 15 
 The cold of the Paths was almost immediate as Azrael's six other children
  came at the summons. "Megel," it was Ezekiel who was the first to speak. "Why
  have you called us?" 
 Michael motioned to where Azrael was still rocking Torin, weeping his loss
  and his pain. "Why else, we are his Brood, and we have lost a brother and a
  sister tonight." 
 "Who?" He demanded, moving to be with his Sire. "Father, who killed our
  brother?" 
 Azrael looked up at his second Childe. "I did." The pain and grief were
  only surpassed by the guilt in his voice. "He was dead, I could not revive
  him, his mind had fled, so I was forced to send his soul where it had fled." He
  kissed Torin's cold lifeless lips. "Perhaps as strong as he was, his mind would
  not be owned." Then he looked to where David held Sapphire. "They were bound
  soul to soul, so when I was forced to kill him, She went as well." 
 Izabo cried softly as she touched Torin. "No, oh no." She had only faced
  the death of two of her Kin so far and it did not matter that she was nearing
  her nine hundredth year, to lose one of those that her Sire had loved and made
  her Kin, it was too painful. 
 Loki looked up at the six. These were Azrael's children. They would support
  him in his grief. But that didn't make him feel any better, if anything, it
  just made him feel more alone. His only Childe, his First-Born, was dead. He
  would have no one to grieve her loss with. 
 "Go on, Loki," David handed Sapphire back to him. "It is time, finish releasing
  her." He looked up at the six. "Support your Sire's wedded love. He lost his
  Childe too. When Tori died, so did Sapphire." He knew that other than Selene
  he was the youngest in the room, but Azrael was his master now, and he would
  not keep still as long as Azrael and Loki bled from their hearts as they did.
  He knew what they were feeling, he had suffered from losing Cain, but at least
  his once Childe and now friend still lived. "They are lifemate's. Sapphire
  was his First-Born." 
 Ariel moved to gather the wounded Elder to him, as Sapphire slipped from
  Loki's grasp. Making soft soothing noises as the man cried. He knew what this
  man was feeling, had lost a Childe, his First-Born as well. He had to release
  him, just as Loki, was, having to release his love. 
   Ventor, Azrael's youngest, knelt by his Sire. "Father?" He
  felt the man pull him close. "We are here, Father, and we'll stay as long as
  you need us." Death came so rarely in their lives that it was hard to accept
  this pain. 
 "He was so like you." Azrael wept. "He was so bright, so loving, so gifted." The
  pain in his soul as he felt such agonizing loss. "I took him from his life,
  I only wanted to offer him mine, and now, I have killed him." 
 "If, as you have told us, his mind fled from life, you did him a favor.
  I wouldn't have wanted to keep living if I couldn't live." The boy had been
  a Mage. His Sire had found and trained a Mage, had gifted him with his Gift,
  and now he was lost to them. 
 Azrael pulled away, reaching for Loki. "Come, now with our  family,
  we will leave them with my, our, Sire. We can do that for them Loki. Leave
  them together, forever." 
 Loki just shuddered in his arms. "I can't, I can't let her go yet, Azrael.
  Don't ask me to let her go, not yet." 
 "We must love. They have left us, gone to where none of us can follow. We
  have to let them go." He held him close, sharing his pain. "My, our, children
  will be here for us. But we have to let the ones we have lost go. I will put
  them with Osiris, he watches over my other two, even in death, he watches over
  them." 
 Ezekiel helped Michael to pull the two up, supporting not only his Sire,
  but going to support his Sire's love. "Let's do this Megel, the sooner we do
  it, the sooner we can return here and see to our Father's grief." 
 Michael looked up to where Selene sat, weeping softly. "Come on little sister,
  be with us in this. You lost your brother too this night." 
* * * 
 Again the darkness of the cavern was absolute, as they appeared. 
 Azrael both hated and loved this place. Hated it because of the loss he
  felt anytime he came here, and loved it because so much of his love was in
  this place. "Osiris, Sire," and even softer, "Father." He reached out to touch
  the face of the man that had given him so much. "I have brought two more of
  your Grandchildren to be with you. Guard over them as you do Thorne and Sin." He
  gently lay first Torin at the, mans side, before reaching for Loki. "Let your
  Childe rest with mine. Let them slumber together, always." He moved, as Loki,
  still sobbing, lay Sapphire with Torin. "They were lifemate's, Father, my Son's
  mate is the Childe of my Husband. Watch over her as you do your own blood Grand-Childrin.
  He then moved to first one of the silent forms in the cavern and then the other. "Thorne," he
  whispered, touching his Childe's hand. "You are not completely gone to me,
  I have Gabriel, your Childe in my care. Your precious First-Born, the one that
  you trained so well, he lives." 
 Michael turned, hiding his face in Selene's hair as he wept. He had been
  here only three times before now, and with each visit had been forced to leave
  another of his family here. And he knew that one day, he would be forced to
  return, leaving, either his Sire, sibs or one of his children here again, or
  if he died before them, then he would be brought here, to join the silent sleepers. 
* * * 
 The house was silent as Azrael returned with Loki and his Brood. For that
  he was so grateful. He didn't think he could have kept his sanity had there
  been chaos. 
 Lilith and Christian moved as one to gather David to them, both in tears
  at the loss and pain that they knew their Sire was feeling, for they felt it
  too. 
 Zephyr who had appeared while they were gone looked up from where he sat
  holding Morgan as she cried. "Master?" He had never faced such pain before.
  None of his brothers had ever died. "What can I do?" 
 "Do what you are doing now, Childe, comfort my, only, Chosen." Azrael began
  to cry anew. "Guard over her well, boy, she is all I have left." 
 "With my life." He vowed. * Father, *  he frantically
  sought out his Sire. To be granted the feel of protective love cover him. 
 * Who has hurt you? *   Came the immediate response. 
 * Come, I need you. *  
 Again the cold of the Dark Paths filled the room, as Cerberus stood there,
  ready to protect his Childe if need be. But as the grief and loss swept over
  him, he knew his Childe was in no danger, he had felt this pain many times,
  suffered with and supported many during it's sharp, clawing, agony. He gathered
  his Childe to him, pulling Morgan into his arms as well. "Who died, love?" 
 "Torin, and his mate." Zephyr hid in his arms, even as his own tightened
  around his love. "Something went wrong Father, Tori died and so did Sapphire." He
  sobbed against the man. 
 'Torin, dead',   he felt the agony, the soul wounding
  pain that only a Sire could feel with the death of a Childe. The joy he had
  felt with the return of his Line was lost as he fought off his own grief. Now
  he would do what he must for his uncle, later, with his own children, his precious
  children, he would grieve. But for now, he would offer what comfort he could
  to this one. * Eris, *   his mind sought out his
  own First-Born. * Bring your brothers, come. *     He
  squeezed his Fledgling once more before pulling up to offer what aid he could
  to this man, the one that had given him so much. "Azrael," and softer still, "uncle." He
  knew the danger the elder Kin was in now. The death of a Childe had been the
  end to more than one of the Rogues in his house. 
 Azrael looked up from where he was hiding in Loki. "Cerberus." The, soft
  whisper, of pain, "Tori is dead." 
 Cerberus ignored the rest, they were not important, only this man mattered
  to him. "I know." 
 "I am lost." He let the other Coven Master pull his close, briefly pulling
  away from Loki. "I did everything I could do, but my Childe died." 
 "And the girl?" 
 "Sapphire is dead. My Childe is dead." Loki sobbed against Ariel. 
 Cerberus was torn, he so wanted to support Azrael, but Loki had lost his
  Childe, his First-Born. Wounded as he was, he knew that unless some one did
  something, that he would die. "What happened? Did the Gift not take?" 
 "Yes," He sobbed. "She was perfect." 
 "What happened Elder?" He let Michael take Azrael as he pulled Loki from
  a stranger. "Here," he pulled his hair back, offering the only comfort he could
  to the wounded one. "Drink first." The story washed over him as he felt Loki's
  fangs blindly seek his throat. The joy, the pride, the love, and then the pain,
  the unbelievable, pain, and the horrid loss. It had been Torin who left, whose
  mind had fled, leaving his body to die, and with his death, his mates as well. 
 Eris stood just out of Cerberus's reach. His, brothers, and Fledglings behind
  him "love?" He reached; trying to reached his husband. "Father?" 
 "Take Zeph home, take him and Azrael's Chosen take them both and flee here
  love." 
 "No." Another stranger stepped forward. "I don't know who you are, but you
  will not take my Father's, Chosen, from his house." 
 Cerberus looked up to the stranger. "I am Cerberus, if Azrael is your Sire,
  then I am your cousin. Morgan is safe in my home. You can't ask her to stay
  here, not with the way Azrael is suffering. Not with the pain his husband,
  who has lost not only a Childe, but also, his First-Born. I don't know you,
  but I am going to take and send both children away for now. I am Master here.
  Your Sire has placed me as his second, only he and Loki are before me. And
  I will see to it that I do all that I can to help them both, even if it means
  angering them to make them pull away from the death they now seek." He gently
  stroked the hair of the sobbing man in his arms. 
 "It's okay Ezekiel." Michael looked up from Azrael. "Cerberus is right.
  Morgan should not be here, none of them should." 
 Eris pulled away, going to kneel by Zephyr as he held Morgan, crying with
  her. "Come on honey. You heard your Sire. Bring your love and come with me." 
 "No," Morgan tried to pull away. "He needs me now, I can't leave him." She
  knew that if she didn't give her master a reason to keep living, she was afraid
  that he would chose to follow Torin. "Please, he needs me." 
 Azrael looked up at the pain in her voice. "Precious?" 
 "Don't let them take me, you need me. Please Azrael, don't let them take
  me." She was so afraid that if she left, she would never see him again. 
 "You must love. Go hide for now, I will be here when you return." He tried
  to smile at her, but it never touched his eyes. "I will never leave you, you
  are my world now. But Cerberus is correct. You should not be here." 
 Michael looked to where Joseph sat, Shadow in his arms crying. "Cain, take
  Shadow and go. Seek the peace of a home that does not bleed with pain as ours
  does now. Take Amber and Ben with you." 
 David touched Anna's cheek. "You too, neither Christian nor you need be
  here now. Take our pets and flee." He looked up as Zak was gathering William
  to him, getting ready to leave, for now. 
 Selene looked to Casey, who was now trying to seek comfort from Mark and
  Jenna, both crying softly. She knew all too well the feelings of loss and pain
  that were in this house. This man, her adopted Sire, had given her back so
  much. And had asked nothing. But now, like this, she would make a sacrifice
  that Azrael had never asked of her. "Megel." She reached and touched Azrael
  as he lay against his Childe, his First-Born. 
 "You too, little sister. Let me care for our Sire, and you go where the
  memories this is bringing up, are less painful." 
 She shook her head. "I won't leave. Not now, not with the way they both
  bleed." A light, trembling hand on Azrael's shoulder. "Azrael," she whispered. "Let
  me fill the hole in you, be my Sire in truth." 
 He pulled away from Michael, trying to focus on her words. "No, Selene." He
  whispered a raw pain filled sound. "I can not do that. Your connection to your
  old Sire is all that keeps you here, with me. Do not ask me to lose another
  Childe, not now." 
 "Mara would want it. I know she would." She took his hands into hers. "Let
  me give you something to hold against the emptiness." 
 He shook his head, looking to Loki. "No, Childe. I have Morgan, I will not
  be bereft of a Childe." He pulled her close, crying as he did. "But, would
  you, would your, Sire, understand if you took another that was not me?" 
 She looked to where his eyes rested on his husband. Could she, would it
  ease the pain that she knew he, all of them, felt? "You want me to give myself
  to Loki?" 
 "Only if you are at peace with it. Only if you know that Mara would be at
  peace as well. Will you give me that, offer the keeper of my heart your love
  and your life?" 
 She nodded. "Anything, you have given me so much, freed Mara's soul. If
  becoming his Childe will help, in any way, to ease his and your pain, I will.
  I will finally let Mara go, and live again." She kissed him, just briefly before
  pulling away, reaching for Cerberus, who still held Loki. "Let me." She took
  the heart-wounded man, her soon to be Sire, into her arms. "Let me Loki. Be
  my Sire, let me give you another Childe." She wept with his pain as he held
  her. "I can never replace Sapphire, but I can give you my love." 
 "No," Loki moaned against her. "No more, let me die. Please just let me
  die." 
 Azrael cried out in pain, as he reached for his love. "No, never, don't
  leave me too. Please, beloved, the keeper of my heart, please, live, if only
  for me." He held Loki, crying with him. "I will die if you do. Please, live,
  if for nothing else than I need you." 
 "Sapphire is dead." There was no end to the pain he felt. "My First-Born,
  my Childe is dead. How can you ask me to go on? My heart died with her." 
 "Please, I beg you, do not leave me." Fear, like he had never felt before,
  took hold. He had bound his life to this one, and if he could not save him,
  he would die. "Please, beloved, let Selene fill the ache in your soul. Let
  her be your Childe. Not First-Born, but still a Childe of yours." He sobbed,
  rocking Loki against him. "Please, oh please." He had lost so much already
  he, could not live through another loss, not now, not so soon. "I have lost
  both my children this night, do not ask me to lose you as well. Please, Loki,
  live." 
 Loki just lay against him, crying, feeling the loss, accepting his death,
  preparing to follow his Childe, his precious Childe. "No, you must live. You
  have your Children, you have your Chosen, you, have so much to live for. Please,
  let me die." 
 "No!" Michael grabbed him, pulling him away from Azrael, trying to make
  him see. "Please, Loki. Don't let your old Sire win, you have a life with us,
  with him, now. Live, if for no other reason than for spite. Take Selene, she
  wants to be your Childe, make her yours, live." 
 "The pain is like no other." A soft voice. "I know, I lost Adam, I thought
  there would never be anything but pain. But you can live. The loss of your
  First-Born, no matter how much it hurts, you can live." 
 Loki turned on him. "How, how can you ask me to live. How can you, who knows
  what it feels like, how can you, of all people ask me to live?" 
 "Because I do know what it feels like. I came close to fading, would have
  if it hadn't been for Throne. He kept my body and soul together during my grief.
  He wouldn't let me fade. He supported me while I bled. Just as Azrael will
  support you. But you can't die. I won't let you, I can't lose my Father too." He
  pulled Selene close, forcing her into Loki's arms. "Live, fill your soul with
  this Childe, let her take the pain. You have a chance that I never did. I am
  still alone, but you have Azrael, and you have her." 
 * Live, Father *,   a whisper of a thought as
  Sapphire's voice touched him. * Live, I am at peace now, no more
  pain. Live. *  
 "Sapphire," Loki looked up, eyes wild. "Please, Sapphire, wait." 
 * No, Father, there is no place for you here. Live. *   It
  was Torin. * Forgive me, I had wanted to live, but no more, just
  live. *   Then to Azrael, * goodbye Father. Keep
  all in my heart safe. Live, even as you want to fade, live. *  And
  the touch was gone. 
 The room was silent once again as both Loki and Azrael savored the last
  sweet touch of the essence of their children. But it was not over, even as
  Azrael looked up, tears streaming anew, he felt a light, almost kiss brush
  against his cheek, *g oodbye, Daddy. *  
 "They are gone." He whispered to Loki, pressing against him, trying to hide
  from the pain as the younger Kin wept. "Please, beloved, they are gone." Never,
  not even in his wildest dreams had he ever thought that his Childe's soul would
  have ever been strong enough to be able to pass through the veil. Not even
  for the brief moment that he had, or that Sapphire would have been willing
  to comfort them as she had. "Please, Loki, do as your precious Childe asks,
  live. There is no place for us there where they are yet." 
 "Here, Master." Selene wiped his tears away, calling him back to her. "Please,
  Loki, if Sapphire wants you to live, then do that. Live." 
 'Live, yes, I will live'.   He pulled her against him,
  this one, who was willing, to, give, herself to him, was Kin already. There
  was no fear, no uncertainty of her life. * Hold on to me, Selene.
  Hold on to me, I will make you mine. I will live, give my lost Childe her wish.
  Be mine. *  He felt her timid, quiet soul in his hands as he
  went to remake her, claiming her as his. 
 David watched on, sobbing quietly as he watched what was played out before
  him. They would live, Azrael and Loki would live. 
* * * 
 Zephyr held Morgan to him, even as Eris moved to comfort them both. He was
  lost in her pain, a pain that he had prayed that he would never have to feel,
  but now, like this, he was being forced to face it. 
 Jacob moved to take a young boy who sat, with Titania, into his arms. "Go
  on Darion, go help your master and see if you can support his love too." Before
  moving to gather Eris, his closest sibling to him. "Go on, Mike, let Morgan
  find peace, if only for now. Let her hide in you." 
 "Zephyr." He whispered. "Mike died last night, died with the first mixing
  of my Fathers blood with mine, died when Cerberus branded me as his." 
 Jacob only tilted his head in acknowledgment. "Zeph, your girl needs you.
  You need her, go on little brother, go find peace." He had stood in the role
  of Cerberus's First-Born for so long, as Eris was never allowed to stand as
  such. That now even, with, the new freedom that was returned to his Sire with
  the return of his Line, he still behaved as such. 
 Another of Cerberus's sons reached for one of the mortals of Azrael's home
  as Cain and Shadow appeared. "I'm Rook." He wiped the tears from Amber's face. "Let
  your masters grieve, come and be with me." 
 One by one, each found some comfort from the strangers. The Rogues responded
  from experience. Gathering each going to let them hide from the pain that cut
  at them so badly. Even David's newest, Mathew, was finally coaxed into pulling
  away. Into accepting the hands and touch of a Kin that wasn't his master. One
  that he didn't know. 
 Zephyr looked up from where he was, holding Morgan against him, as he felt
  the pain filled touch on his mind.  Bring her home.  That
  was all, just one command. "Come on Morgan, love, Your master needs you now." 
* * * 
 Azrael held out his arms as Morgan returned. Crying as she went into his
  arms. She was so happy to see him. She had been so afraid that she would never
  see him again, that now, with his arms around her, body shaking with sobs as
  he held her. It was her greatest prayer come true. "Morgan," his voice was
  so soft that had she not been where she was, she would have never heard him. "Help
  me." 
 She reached out and captured his face in between her hands. "Anything, you
  know that Master. Anything, just ask it, I'll do it." 
 He kissed her, stroking her cheek. "Be my Childe. I know that I had told
  you that it would be later, I had hoped to let you finish gaining your strength.
  But now, now I have a wound in my soul, on that only you can heal." 
 Morgan pulled his head to her throat. "I'll do anything I can, you know
  that. If becoming your Childe helps you at all, I'll do it now." She sighed
  as she felt his fangs puncture her skin. 
 Azrael cried as he felt the wound in his heart, his soul, the agony that
  he had feared would never give him peace. It didn't heal, didn't stop hurting,
  but as Morgan gave herself to him, moving to become his Childe, it did fade,
  just a little. Even the pain he felt as his precious Chosen began to die, was
  a good pain, the pain of a new beginning. And as he returned the life he had
  just taken from her, with her soul opening as it did to him, he was finally
  allowed to have hope again. * My Childe, *   his
  mind touched her, * Topaz, my lovely Topaz ". *  
 *Sire, *   she held on to him, even as she began
  to feel her new life. * Father. *  
   Loki, holding Selene, watched on. He still
  grieved, but now, the pain was bearable. This little one in his arms had made
  it so. And all he could hope was that as Azrael made Morgan his, then his husband
  would find the pain he felt to be the same. 
 Ezekiel lay a hand on Michael's arm. "Our Sire is going to heal now. Perhaps
  we should go, he needs to be with our new little sister."" He spoke softly.
  Not wanting to disrupt what was going on before him. 
 "No, wait. Give Morgan time to finish her transformation. Stay with us for
  a few days. She doesn't know any of you. So while you are all here, it would
  be easier to let her get to know you. That way I don't have to track you down
  to introduce you." He let his younger brother pull him close. "Besides, yes
  our Sire is healing, but I don't think he is ready to stand without us, or
  at least not yet." 
 "I will not leave him." Izabo stated flatly. "I will not go, not unless
  my Father says I must. If he needs to be with us, for now, or for however long
  he needs us, then I will stay." 
 And one after the other echoed her assurances. No they were his Children,
  and they would not leave him, not now, and not like this. Even Ventor, Azrael's
  youngest, agreed that he would not leave, he didn't care about the law. 
 Azrael held Topaz, his newest Fledgling as she died. Wiping the blood from
  her mouth as the first change, the one that always happened before the final
  death of the body took place. He wept with her as her fangs came down. Sharing
  her pain as he comforted her as best he could. 
 There was no pain, no agony as she lay against him. Even as she felt herself
  dying, there was no pain. "I love you." She murmured weakly. "I'm not afraid
  of this." And her eyes closed as she died. 
EPILOGUE 
 Slowly the house returned to an almost quiet. Almost because, there was
  still emptiness where both Torin and Sapphire had once been. 
 William had returned from Cerberus's realm, blindly trying to make up for
  what he had said to Azrael. Sapphire had reached beyond the grave to bid both
  him and Zak goodbye, reaffirming the love that she had, and still felt for
  both of them. And in doing so, William knew that wherever she and Torin were,
  there was something out there, other than just the blackness of death. 
 Azrael cried with him as he struggled to relay what he had felt and heard. "I'm
  sorry Azrael, I was wrong, Robby made me see how wrong I was. I don't know
  where they are, but wherever it is, they're happy and they're together." 
 "I know that William, she was with us briefly, Tori as well. My life is
  still with me, because she bid Loki to live." He looked down at the body of
  Topaz. "I am sane again because of her little sister here. She will rise at
  sun set, and will be my Childe." He kissed him. 
 William lay against him. "Zephyr is going to be thrilled." He smiled. "Hell,
  I'm thrilled and I'm not one of you yet. It's going to be so weird, having
  a family again." 
 "Will," Azrael shorted his name as he had heard Gabriel, Sapphire, and Torin
  do so many times. "You already have a family, child. We became your family
  the night Gabriel took you as his husband, and his Chosen. 
 "Yeah, you're my in-laws for now." Then a soft, sad, smile "as Robyn, or
  maybe I should call her, Sapphire, would have said, ga'damn, but, what a wild
  bunch of in-laws." Then he nodded at the dead girl on the bed. "Warning, you
  might want to get ready, Morgan, I mean, Topaz is going to call you, 'Daddy',   that's
  the way that girl is. She lost her parents at a real young age, like Christian
  lost his. And sometimes, when I'm passing David's room, I hear him calling
  David that. He probably called his first Sire that." 
 "I know that, William. If she does, I will accept it, as what it is meant
  as. I will also still have a continued connection to both Torin and Sapphire,
  with it." He looked up, to, where Zak stood, with, Shadow and Cain as Michael
  introduced the three to their aunt and uncles. "Where are you sleeping tonight
  pet?" 
 "I don't know, probably, alone. Why?" 
 "You sleep the day with Gabriel. If I asked you to come and be with Loki,
  Selene, and I. You would not have trouble sleeping through the day, would you?" 
 William shook his head. "No, just because I didn't sleep with any of the
  men here, didn't mean I didn't sleep with Selene and Anna. Over the past year,
  when ever Tori was sleeping with Casey, Zak had a tendency to sleep with Michael
  and Jason." He stopped. "I know he's Shadow now, but back then, he was still
  Jason. So unless she was with you, I stayed with her, and when she was, I slept
  with Anna." He smiled, ever so slightly. "You inviting me to go to bed with
  you?" 
 "Only if you feel it would not threaten you." Yes he wanted this boy to
  sleep with him and Loki wanted to share his love with another that had loved
  his precious one. 
 William turned his head, "Zak." 
 Zak looked up, "Will?" 
 "See you tomorrow night. I'm going to go and stay with Azrael and Loki." He
  leaned back against Azrael. Comfortable for only the third time in his life,
  to be willing to be loved by a man that wasn't Zak. And only the second with
  his mind clear. 
 Loki sat with Selene as they tried to calm the three mortals' in their care.
  Casey most of all. Torin had been something of a rarity for him, a real friend.
  And now with his friend gone, he was so hurt. And even though Torin had bid
  him goodbye before the connection was finally severed and he was fully gone,
  it still hurt so much. 
 "Casey?" Selene tried to get him to look at her. 
 "Mistress?" he looked at her. 
 "Are you going to be okay honey?" 
 Casey just lay against her, crying. "I-I miss him." He cried. "I loved him
  so much, I miss him." He had learned over the last year, that, his mistress
  really knew what fear and pain was. She had begun to help him, almost as much
  as Torin had, learn to live again. "I can't believe he is gone." 
 Selene sat there, holding Casey in her arms, rocking his slowly. Sharing
  in his pain, his loss, and his tears, as they cried together. 
 Loki tried to calm both Willow and Kell down. But Kell wouldn't believe
  that he hadn't done something to hurt Torin. That it wasn't his fault that
  the man that had not only helped them by healing both he and Willow, but by
  seeing to it that, their, tormentor paid for his crimes. "Please," he tried
  to pull back as Loki gathered him into his arms. 'Please, Master, I didn't
  mean to hurt him. All he wanted me to do is make love to him. Please, believe
  me, I didn't mean to kill him." 
 "Kell." Loki struggled not to harm the boy as he made him be still in his
  arms. "You did nothing wrong. And you most assuredly didn't kill him." He hushed
  the boy's protests with a kiss. "No, more, you must let it go. The pain is
  still too new and too raw." 
 "But he died." Why couldn't he make this man, his master, understand. "I
  touched him, and he died." 
 Loki closed his eyes, trying to gather himself, trying to keep from touching
  that part of his heart that hurt so much. "Kell." He whispered. "You did no
  wrong, if anything, both Azrael and I have you to thank. You were willing to
  share pleasure with him, be open to him. Torin would have died, no matter what
  you did or didn't do, but feel comfort in knowing that before he died, he shared
  his pleasure and his love with you." 
 *Beloved, *   Loki looked up to where Azrael
  sat, holding William. * I am taking Topaz and this one, and seeking
  my bed. Will you join us? *  
 *Yes, I'm only trying to convince Kell that Torin's death wasn't
        his fault. He thinks that just because he was the last one to touch him,
        he killed him. *  
 *Let us go somewhere alone and I will make the boy understand,
        there was nothing that he could have done to cause or stop it. Tori's
        mind would not be mine. His was a flawed Gift. *  
 *No, love, not flawed, never flawed.  * Loki
  was quick to disagree with his lover. * His soul, it was too strong,
  but it could not leave, not as long as Sapphire lived, so his mind, the only
  thing he could send, on, was the thing that fled. *  
 *Thank you. *  
 *Let's go to bed. Is William coming? *   Loki
  finally noticed, whom, Azrael held. 
 Azrael stood, pulling away from William to lift Topaz's body into his arms.
  * Yes, I still have something of Torin and Sapphire in his continued
  love for them. *  
  
   William let Azrael lead him down the hall.
  He knew Robyn was okay now, even happy in her death. But he still hurt, and
  he knew that these two men, who were still here, they hurt too. So with them,
  he would share his hurt. 
 "Will?" Azrael whispered as the opened the door to his chamber. "Again,
  I must ask you. Is this what you can live with? I do not threaten you or your
  connection with your love?" He stroked the boy's cheek. 
 William looked into the pain filled, brown, eyes. "Other than Zak, you two
  are the only ones that really, really, loved her like I do. Zak is with those
  that can help him. So yes, I am sure I want this, and no, you don't threaten
  me. I believe you won't hurt me. Robby trusted you, and even with what she
  was like, she trusted you not to do her wrong. If she could trust you, like
  that, how could I not? Please, Azrael, I am sorry for what I said. I was wrong.
  I know that." 
 Azrael touched his face as the door closed. "I know you did not mean what
  you said, love. It was the pain." Even though William was willing to be open
  to others, Azrael felt the boys lips tremble as he kissed him. "If that is
  so, love, grieve with me, share the pain that we still suffer." 
   Later, much, later, as Azrael lay among the
  tangle or bodies on his bed, he closed his eyes, fighting the pain and the
  tears as he sought out the one Kin that he still has to tell of Torin's and
  Sapphire's death, * Isis. *  
 Her soft light touch brushed over him. * What is it Azrael.
        What has happened to have you summoning me as you are? *  
 *Link with me, there is so much I need to tell you.  *
  He opened himself to her. And what had happened since last she had seen him
  played out in her mind. From his rescuing Loki and his linking his life to
  the wounded Kin, to the poor abused children that were brought for Torin to
  heal, and his subsequent challenge and victory over the one that had abused
  them so. The joy of the welcoming of Horus's Childe back to the fold and his
  making and loss of his Mageling Childe. And with his death, the loss of Sapphire
  as well. 
 *Keep your children with you and your cherished beloved for
        now, little one. *   The pain and sorrow in her thoughts
        was almost too much for Azrael to bear. * Call on me if
        that little one you have taken does not ease your pain. I will come.
        *  
 *She has. Oh I still bleed from my loss, but between she and
        my beloved's new Childe, I will heal. Tori, was, not the first Childe
        I have been forced to release. Only the newest and most painful. *  
   He could feel her sob in pain down the link
  they now shared. * Hold my littlest, that wonderful Childe. Let
  her, know, as she rises that I am here, and will always be here. I am so sorry
  for your loss, Azrael, I know it is a mortal saying, but it is even more true
  for us. No Childe should die before their parent. *  
 *Thank you Isis. Please pass along what has happened to the
        others. So that not only will they know of Torin's passing, but of Cerberus's
        return to us. Sleep well, aunt. *  
 *Safe domain the eldest of my brother. *  
   Azrael rolled over, pulling Loki, his love,
  his life, to him 
 "Did you reach her?" Loki's voice was soft, not wanting to disturb the sleeping
  mortals in their room. 
 "Yes, she knows all I know now." 
 "And she knows of me? Is she upset that you chose to take me as your husband?" 
 Azrael pulled him close. * Yes, my most, beloved, of all, the
        keeper of my heart. She knows of you, and no, she is not upset. I told
        you, she would welcome you. Enough fear, you are with me now, and with
        me you will always remain. *   He was so tired. "Good
        night love." He whispered, his arms tightening around Loki. "Sleep safe,
        beloved, sleep safe." 
THE LAST BABBLE YOU WILL GET FROM ME, FOR A WHILE. 
 Okay, so now you've finished yet another of my books, the last in the trilogy.
  But don't worry. I've got plans and ideas for yet another trilogy, so just
  hold on. It's coming, I swear, it's coming, 
 You have no idea how hard it was killing off two of the main characters
  in these pages. I cried, I never realized how much these two had come to mean
  to me. Maybe it's just me and my twisted little mind, but they had become almost
  real to me, so when they died, I so wanted to do it up right. So that is how
  your handy erotica became serious for a while. Sorry, but with each return
  to this universe I make, the world in my heart and mind becomes more and more
  real to me. 
 Once again, thanks to all my friends and enemies for giving me the push
  to finish this mad dream. And to my editor, who is still pulling her hair out
  over the amount of work I keep giving her. 
 And, like I did in the other two, a quick note reminding you all to enjoy
  life and to enjoy it and all those you love, for just that, life. 
 See ya in a few. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Veronica Leigh Marquette


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





