BDSM Library - First Day at Boarding School




First Day at Boarding School
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sixteen-year old Rebecca is tricked into a boarding school where she is forced to become a submissive. She is stripped naked, forced to cum, spanked and then raped anally, again having an orgasm.
{ASSM} FIRST DAY AT BOARDING SCHOOL {Powerone} Mf, nc, ped, anal, 
reluc, humilation

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Sixteen-year old Rebecca is tricked into a boarding school where 
she is forced to become a submissive.  She is stripped naked, 
forced to cum, spanked and than raped anally, again having an 
orgasm.
----------------------------------------------------------------

FIRST DAY AT BOARDING SCHOOL


	Rebecca was sent to boarding school when her Mother married 
again.   Her new Stepfather did not seem to like her around and 
arranged for her to be sent to the new school.  Her Mother was 
reluctant at first, but he convinced her that it was a well-known 
and established school and that it would be good for Rebecca to 
go there.  

	Rebecca was uncomfortable on the trip to the school as her 
Mother did not go, just her stepfather.  They barely spoke a word 
during the 2-hour ride.  When they arrived, Rebecca was surprised, 
they school did not look anything like it was described to her Mother.  

	"What kind of school is this," she asked.

	"This is a special school that will train you.  The Headmaster is 
a very good friend of mine and he has promised to take a personal 
interest in your training.  He has invited me back in a week to 
see how you have progressed."

	Reluctantly Rebecca got out of the car and entered the school.  
She figured once her Stepfather was gone, she could call her 
Mother to pick her up and take her home.

	Her stepfather knocked on the door.  The Headmaster opened the 
door and invited Rebecca in.  "Thanks for bringing her Jim, I 
will see you next week and I am sure you will be pleased with 
Rebecca's progress" he said to her Stepfather.  

	He did not speak until her Stepfather was gone.  He closed the 
door and said, "I am Headmaster Johnson, you will call me Sir.  
Sit in that chair," pointing to a wooden straight back chair.  

	Rebecca began to protest when he slapped her face.  Rebecca 
brought her hands up to protect herself.  "Leave me alone, or I 
will tell my Mother."

	"Your Stepfather gave me permission to use whatever force I need 
to get you to obey.  We believe in corporal punishment at this 
school and if you fail to obey any orders or commands, you will 
be spanked or whipped."  His hand reached out again, slapping her 
face again.

	Tears began to run down Rebecca's cheeks as her cheek stung from 
the slaps and she feared what her Stepfather had gotten her into.

	"Now sit down, or face more punishment," he commanded.

	Rebecca hurriedly sat in the chair fearing more pain.  Rebecca 
was sixteen years old but she had the body of a mature woman.  
Her breasts were large for her age, but without a hint of sag.  
She had long legs and a firm ass.  The Headmaster glared at 
Rebecca.  He could imagine her stripped and tied, awaiting his 
punishment of her innocent body.  He had promised Jim that by 
next week, Rebecca would be submissive and would allow him to 
pleasure himself sexually with her.  

	"Sit up straight in the chair, feet firmly on the floor, knees 
together and your arms on the armrest," he ordered.  Rebecca 
quickly followed his commands, fearing him.  

	"You must obey every order I give you without hesitation.  If you 
do not, I will punish you.  As you have already seen, you will 
suffer pain for your disobedience.  I have taught many young 
ladies like you obedience.  At your young age, I find that 
humiliation works best to instill the correct attitude.  You will 
be forced to do things that you thought was disgusting.  If you 
make any attempt to resist, you will be dealt with harshly.   Do 
you understand?"

	"Yes" murmured Rebecca, fear gripping her.

	The hand reached out again, slapping her face.  "I told you to 
address me as Sir." 

	"Yes, Sir" shot back Rebecca.  

	"That is better.  Now lets get a look at what we have to work 
with this week. You are a very attractive girl, Rebecca.  Raise 
your arms above your head and lace your fingers behind your head 
and keep your back straight."  

	Rebecca did as she was told, and began to fear what was to become 
of her as she noticed that the pose he put her in pushed her 
breasts out.

	"Very good, you have very large breasts for a girl of your young 
age.  Now open your legs to the edge of the chair."

	Reluctantly did as she was told, knowing that he now could now 
see up her skirt.

	"Nice legs, open them further so I may see your panties."

	Rebecca spread her legs further, turning red in humiliation as 
she was now posed with her breasts out and her legs spread wide. 
She hoped he would soon be finished and she could get out of his 
office.

	"You are doing a good job obeying to my commands.  You are going 
to spend the next couple of hours in this office.  I am going to 
train you to obey all of my commands.  In addition, I will 
administer a spanking, as you will have to learn to accept the 
pain.  If you follow my orders I will allow you to go to your 
room for the night, but tomorrow morning we will again meet for 
further training."

	"Please don't spank me, I am too big for that and you are 
embarrassing me."

	His hand shot out again, slapping her face.  Tears began to fall 
from her eyes, as she knew that there were worse things to come.

	"Now, where were we, before I was rudely interrupted with your 
begging.  Yes, I think it would be much better if you unbuttoned 
your blouse and pulled it from your shoulders.  You have lovely 
breasts and I would like to see your bra now."

	Rebecca's hands moved to the front of her blouse and began to 
unbutton each button.  By time she reached the bottom, he could 
see her cleavage.

	"Open it wide and push it off your shoulders, arms behind your 
head and push your breasts out again."

	Rebecca sat in the chair, pushing her bra-encased breasts out for 
him to see.  She saw him pull a chair in front of her and sit on 
it, only inches from her.  His hands moved to her shoulders and 
began to move down to circle the top of her breasts.  

	"Hold very still and do not move."  Rebecca froze as her hands 
grasped her bra and squeezed her breasts.  She gasped as a 
stranger began to manipulate her breasts against her will, but 
she was frozen in terror of the consequences of disobeying.  His 
fingers became more insistent, searching out her nipples.

	"Stand up and remove your blouse and than your bra.  I want you 
to bare your breasts to me.  Obey quickly."

	Rebecca stood up in a daze and let her blouse drop to the floor.  
She reached behind her bra and unsnapped it.  She pulled it 
forward and it too fell to the floor.  Rebecca had never let 
anyone see her naked breasts before, and here she was now 
stripped naked to the waist in front of a stranger.

	"Back in the chair and stick your breasts out again."  His hands 
moved back to her breasts and now began to fondle her naked 
breasts.  He pulled on her nipples, stretching them out.  He 
grasped a handful of naked tit and squeezed it tight.  Rebecca 
trembled in fear as she submitted to the fondling of her breasts.  
Her nipples began to become erect from the unnatural stimulation.  
This allowed the Headmaster to grip them tighter, forcing a groan 
of pain from Rebecca.

	"Up again and remove your skirt and panties.  Leave your shoes 
and socks on."  

	Rebecca stood up again and unsnapped her skirt and let it fall to 
the floor, leaving her with only her panties hiding her 
nakedness.

	"Quickly, we do not have much time, off with your panties."

	She grasped her panties and pushed them down her legs, showing 
her naked pussy for the first time.  

	"Step out of your panties and move forward.  Put your legs 
outside of my legs and spread them open."

	Rebecca did as she was ordered and now stood naked only inches 
from this stranger; her legs spread open and her pussy only 
inches from his face.

	He moved his hands up her legs, toward her naked pussy. 

	"You have a lovely pussy, Rebecca.  How do you like showing it to 
a stranger?"

	"Please let me go, I am so humiliated to be stripped naked in 
front of a stranger."  

	"You will get used to it.  By next week, you will be forced to 
strip naked in front of many strangers.  When your Stepfather 
comes next week, you will willingly undress in front of him and 
allow him access to all parts of your body."

	His hands reached her pussy and began to run up and down between 
her pussy lips.  He fingers reached her clit and began to circle 
it, eliciting a moan from Rebecca.  His other hand reached behind 
her and grasped her naked ass.  

	"You have a nice ass, Rebecca."  His hand grasped her cheeks and 
began to move toward the crack in her ass.  "Stand perfectly 
still and submit to me.  I am going to make you cum on my 
fingers."

	His fingers began to move into her opened pussy.  One finger was 
pushed into her and as she moved back to escape the ravishment of 
her pussy, his other hand found her anus.  The finger pushed 
against her virgin anus, forcing Rebecca to again move forward, 
pushing the finger deeper into her pussy.  Rebecca began to move 
back and forth from the twin ravishment of her pussy and anus, 
each time pushing his fingers deeper into her body.  Soon he had 
both fingers buried deep into her pussy and rectum.

	Rebecca could just barely stand, naked with his fingers buried 
deep into her body spreading her open to his touch.  He began to 
fuck them in and out of her pussy and rectum, with a second 
finger joining the other, opening her up.  They began to spread 
inside her, forcing her to her toes to escape the cruel 
ravishment of her twin orifices.

	"Cum for me Rebecca, cum on my fingers." His fingers became 
more insistent, forcing her pussy and rectum open.  Her body 
began to rock back and forth, her inexperienced body reacting to 
the forced stripping and finger fucking of her body.

	"AAAAAHHH," she cried, "OOOOGGGHHH, it feels so strange, what are 
you doing to me," she cried, her orgasm overcoming all other 
emotions.   Rebecca finally calmed down, her legs just barely 
holding her up.  His fingers in her pussy and rectum were holding 
her up.

	"Now that you have felt the pleasure, you must now receive the 
pain."  He pushed Rebecca over to a large overstuffed chair.  "Lean 
over the chair and push you head into the seat and push your ass 
out." 

	Rebecca did as she was told, the sixteen-year old now naked and 
spread over a chair.  She felt hands grab her ankles and tie 
them to the edge of the chair, spreading her legs wide.  She 
could feel the cool breeze on her anus and knew that she was 
exposed.

	"Do not move your hands, I am going to spank your ass.  You must 
feel the pain after you receive the pleasure."  His hand slapped 
hard onto her right cheek, forcing a groan of pain from Rebecca.  
The hand again swung down, this time hitting her left cheek.  His 
hand massaged her cheeks, feeling the hot glow from the spanking.  
His hand moved away and she knew that she was about to receive 
another spanking. 

	His hand again spanked each cheek before returning to caress her 
cheeks.  This time they spread her ass open wide, allowing him 
access to her anus.  She felt his fingers run over her anus 
again, than one hand was gone to return with a resounding spank 
directly on her anus. 

	"OOOOOWWW, that hurts," she cried.  The spanking continued, 
alternating between her ass cheeks and directly on her anus.  
After twenty-five spanks he stopped.

	"Stay very still as I am going to pleasure myself in your 
ass."  

	Rebecca could hear his zipper being pulled down and felt him as 
he pushed his hard cock against her ass.

	"I am going to push my cock into your ass.  It will hurt, but you 
will get used to it.  You must accept the pain."  

	His cock pushed against her anus and began to push it open.  
Rebecca groaned in pain as her anus was forced to open and accept 
the head of his cock into her ass.  "OOOOWWW," she cried as his 
cock began to force its way into her tender body.    The head of 
his cock was now in her, spreading her open.  He began to pull it 
out and than back in, each time pushing deeper into her rectum.  
Soon he had two inches, than three, than five and now he had all 
eight inches buried deep into her rectum.  

	Rebecca gasped in pain as he flexed his cock deep into her body.  
It began to give her cramps when he was deep in her.  He pulled 
his cock from her body, the retreat of his cock almost as painful 
as when he entered her.  Once her stretched anus gripped the head 
of his cock, he forced it deep into her rectum with a single 
thrust that knocked the air from her lungs.  

	Rebecca raised her head to scream in pain and tried to push her 
body away from the awful rape of her ass, but only allowed him 
greater access to her defenseless anus.  He pounded his cock in 
and out of her stretched anal track, forcing groans and gasps 
from Rebecca as she was forced accept the brutal rape by his 
cock.

	Rebecca was constantly rocked with the deep thrusts of his cock 
deep into her rectum.  Her sphincter gave up the fight and 
relaxed to accept his hard cock.  Her anal track began to spasm 
from the pain of the deep thrusts, milking his cock as he 
continued to tear her insides.  

	His hand reached over the chair and grabbed her breasts and began 
to pinch her nipples.  His other hand reached between her legs 
and began to fondle her pussy again, forcing her to push her ass 
out to receive the pounding in her rectum.  

	"I'm going to make you cum again, this time with a cock up your 
ass."  His hand moved up and down her pussy lips and massaged her 
clit, forcing groans of pleasure mixed with the pain of the rape 
of her ass.   Just as Rebecca began to have another orgasm, the 
cock in her ass pushed deep into her rectum and began to shoot 
hot cum deep in her ass.  Her orgasm milked the cum from his 
cock, deep into her ravaged rectum.

	The Headmaster pulled his cock from her ass and untied her legs 
from the chair.  Rebecca slumped in the chair, exhausted from 
cumming twice and being raped and spanked.

	"You can go to your room now and clean up and get some rest.  I 
will bring you back down here tomorrow and we will continue with 
your training.  I will pleasure myself in your mouth and your 
pussy and you will enjoy both the pleasure and pain."




Author: Powerone
Title: First Day at Boarding School
Part: Part 2
Summary: Rebecca is tricked into a boarding school where she is forced to become
a submissive.  She is stripped naked, forced to cum, spanked and than raped
anally, again having an orgasm.
Keywords: M+f, nc, anal, oral, reluc, humil


Part 2-The First Morning

	Rebecca left the Headmasters office her ass, inside and out, hurting. 
She did not understand what just happened.  First, she was stripped naked,
humiliated.  Then he masturbated her while she stood there, fingers in her pussy
and asshole, making her cum.  Then her legs were bound to the chair, her ass up
and open as she was spanked and then ass fucked.  To make it even worse, he had
made her cum with his cock hurting her tiny asshole.  She went to her new room
and took a shower and climbed into bed, curling up into the fetal position,
trying to put this day out of her mind.  Her asshole still stung from the brutal
ass fucking he had given her.  She never even knew people would want to do
things like that.

	The knock on the door woke her.  She sat up, unsure of where she was and
what had happened.  A knock again.  "Yes, what is it?

	"Report to the gym in one hour.  You will see the PE instructor for
orientation.  The Headmaster said not to be late or you will suffer the
consequences," the voice told her.

	"OK, I will be there."  Rebecca got up and yesterday began to come back
to her.  Her asshole was still sore, as was her ass cheeks.  She looked in the
mirror, her ass cheeks still red from the spanking.  She spread her ass cheeks
and looked at her asshole.  It was red and swollen, a testament that last night
really did happen.  I have to figure out how to get out of here.  I am just
going to have to go along until I can figure out how to get news to Mom.  There
is got to be a way.  I just have to stay away from the Headmaster.  I cannot
survive another day like yesterday.

	Rebecca looked into the closet for some clothes.  The selection was
limited.  White button down blouses and plaid skirts.  She looked in the drawer
and found bras and panties, all her size.  The bras were very silky and thin. 
The panties were all thongs.  All were colored black.  She looked around for
socks, but there was none.  In another drawer she found nylons.  Not panty hose,
but genuine nylons.  And a garter belt to hold them up.  Shoes were three-inch
heels. 

	She looked at the paper on the mirror. 

New Student Orientation

All new students must attend for the first two days.  Each instructor will have
4 hours with the new student to acclimate the student into their new life at the
school and also evaluate the individual talents of the student.  The students
should attend these orientation sessions in the standard school attire of
blouse, skirt, bra, panties, nylons, garter belt and heels. 

The following is the schedule:

Day 1  8:00 to 12:00  Physical Education
Day 1  1:00 to 5:00    Sex Education
Day 2  8:00 to 12:00  Art
Day 2  1:00 to 5:00    Dance
Day 3  8:00 to 12:00 Complete Physical Examination

Breakfast from 7:00 to 8:00
Lunch will be from 12:00 to 1:00
Dinner from 5:00 to 6:00

The student will have a progress meeting with the Headmaster at 7:00 PM each
night.  Students will be informed of the attire for the progress meetings each
day.

Students disobeying any of the school rules will be given demerits.  Spankings
will be given out according to the following accumulation of demerits.

2 demerits-Hand spanking
3 demerits-Spanking with ruler
4 demerits-Paddle spanking
5 demerits-cane

Each spanking will consist of 25 blows.  The area being spanked will be under
the discretion of the Headmaster.  Repeated offenses will result in public
spankings in front of the entire student body.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


	Rebecca quickly dressed, the nylons and garter belt taking longer as she
was unfamiliar with them.  She looked like a whore in just the underwear, an
innocent schoolgirl with the blouse and skirt.  She did not know what they
intended to do to her in the "orientation" classes, but if they were anything
like her first session with the Headmaster, she knew that she was going to be
sexually abused and humiliated.  I just have to put up with it until I figure
out how to get out of her, she thought.  Once out of here, my stepfather will
wish he was never born.




First Day at Boarding School
Part 3-Pysical Education Orientation

	Rebecca showed up at the gymnasium five minutes before eight.  She knew
that she did not want to be late.  She had read the demerit list and knew that
they would enjoy inflicting the punishment on her at any chance that got. 
Rebecca entered the gym, inside were two men. 

	Coach Alan and Assistant Coach Josh were waiting for her.  Coach Alan
was forty-five, tall, 6 foot, 2 inches, a great build even at his age.  He had
taught at the school for five years now.  The pay was less then he previously
made, but the fringe benefits were tremendous.  All the young ladies he wanted,
to do with as he pleased.  Assistant Coach Josh was twenty-five, 6 foot, blonde
hair, blue eyes and had a surfer body, tanned and buff.  Alan had known Josh
from his previous alma mater and knew that even though Josh could get any woman
he wanted, he liked his women to be reluctant and he liked to humiliate them. 
The school gave him this opportunity.

	"Step this way, Rebecca.  We only have four hours and we have a lot to
cover."  Alan motioned for Rebecca to the door at the side of the gym.  The door
let into the locker/work-out room.  All around the room was various exercise
equipment.  There was a steam room, shower room, Jacuzzi's and rub down tables. 
"The first thing we are going to test is your muscles.  Please sit on the bench
of this machine so we can test your arms and upper body strength."

	Rebecca sat on the narrow seat, her legs parted on each side.  On each
side, level with her head, were two bars hanging down, attached to a rotating
mechanism they drew up the weights from the center of the machine.  The bars
would rotate in an arc from directly in front of her eyes, where her hands would
meet, to behind her ears, when her hands would be spread apart the greatest
distance.  When behind her ears the maximum amount of stress and weight would be
placed on her arms and chest, the weights raised up high from center.  This
would also push her breasts out firmly in front of her.

	"Grip the handles, Rebecca and draw them out to the sides.  I am going
to start with 70 pounds of weight.  A girl like you should easily be able to
handle that.  If you release the handles before I tell you to, you will receive
one demerit.   Do you understand, Rebecca?"  Alan smiled as he looked down at
Rebecca.  I am going to enjoy this one.

	"Yes," I have done exercises like this before, she thought.  Rebecca
gripped the handles and drew them to the side, the weights easily pulled from
the center.  That was easy, she thought.

	"Very good, Rebecca, now hold that position until I tell you to let go,
remember a demerit if you release it.  Josh, will you assist me." 

	Rebecca watched as Josh went to one side of her and Alan on the other. 

	"Now stay in position, while we check your muscle tone." 

	Rebecca felt each of them began to run their fingers over her arms,
feeling the tension in her upper arms as she maintained the position.  Their
hands massaged her arms, the back of their hands occasionally rubbing along the
side of her strained breasts.

	"Very good, we'll now check your upper body muscle tone.  You are being
a good girl, continue cooperating."  She felt the hands move up her arms, over
her shoulders and now down her chest, slowly rubbing over her upper breasts. 
Her outstretched breasts strained in the position, almost begging to be touched. 
"You have a nice set of tits, do you know that, Rebecca?  I think we are going
to have to check them also.  Now keep the position."

	Rebecca cringed when she heard what they were going to do.  It was
starting again.  Just like the Headmaster.  Her arms began to tire.  It was
getting more difficult to stay in the position.  She felt two large hands grab
her large breasts.  "AAAHHH, too hard," she cried out. 

	Alan grabbed her left tit.  He loved the feel of young teenage breasts. 
So firm and resilient and he loved that they submitted to their groping.  His
fingers began to mold her firm flesh, Josh doing the same to her right tit.  He
watched her squirming on the bench, attempting to hold the position.

	Rebecca felt her nipples begin to harden.  No matter what they did to
her she could feel her beginning to get wet.  She didn't understand why. 
"OOOWW," fingers searching out her nipples, grabbing the delicate flesh, pulling
hard.

	"Grab her nipples, Josh," Alan's fingers searching out her nipples,
pinching small pieces of young flesh until he found them, "she's getting hard,
the bitch likes it."  Alan saw her push out her breasts further, pushing them
into their hands.

	Josh loved fondling Rebecca's tits.  They were so firm and her nipples
so hard.  He couldn't wait until they had stripped her.  His fingers moved down
the front of her blouse and began to unbutton it, slowly, revealing her teenage
flesh to their eyes.  His fingers moved down until they reached the bottom,
pulling the blouse out of her skirt, pushing it to the side.  She now sat,
blouse open, her breasts thrust out in their silky bra, straining to escape.

	"Please, don't, don't make me naked," tears beginning to form in her
eyes as her arms strained.  She felt her blouse being opened and pulled to the
side.  Hands returned to her breasts, this time on her bra, the thin fabric
affording little protection from the cruel fingers.  Fingers sought out her
nipples again, this time little in their way as they pinched cruelly on the
erect flesh.  She arched her back more, her arms tiring.  "Please, I can't hold
them open much longer."

	They both smiled as they watched her strain, her tits pushed out, their
hands massaging the teenage flesh.  They enjoyed this, the begging, the
straining, the forced stripping.  It always made their cocks hard.  And their
victim was always available to satisfy their lust when they were ready, young
pussy and asshole ready to receive their hard cocks.

	"Would you like to put your arms down, Rebecca?  Alan watched for her
response.  He saw her nod her head.  "You may, but I want you to remove your
blouse and your bra, can you do that, Rebecca?"

	Rebecca looked into Alan's eyes and only saw his lust.  She nodded
again, knowing that they would have their way with her no matter what she did. 
She released the bars, her arms falling down, tired from the strain.

	"Strip to your waist, now."  Alan looked as she pulled the blouse from
her arms, letting it fall to the floor. 

	She reached behind her, unsnapping the bra, her arms going to the front,
holding it over her breasts.  She used one hand to allow the bra to fall from
her shoulders as her other hand covered her breasts, her hand just barely able
to contain her large breasts.  They were both watching her.  She knew what they
wanted.  She slowly lowered her hands, her breasts uncovered, her nipples hard
and pointed.  She turned her head, not wanting to see them looking at her
breasts, but feeling their gaze.
	
	"Grab the bars again and push them open, come'on little girl, obey." 
Alan watched as she raised her arms again, her breasts arching up, her arms
straining as they moved to the side, her breasts pushing out.  "Yes, that's
good, Rebecca, such lovely tits.  And such big nipples, hard and erect.  You
like this, don't you Rebecca, you like being forced to strip."	

	Rebecca felt hands reaching out for her breasts again, this time
grabbing her naked flesh, digging into her tender flesh.  Fingers sought out her
nipples, fingernails digging into the tender aureole, scratching as they began
again to pinch the hard nipples.  "MMMMGGGG," her nipples now being pulled from
her body.  Her arms were fast becoming jelly as she strained to hold the bar as
they continued to molest her naked breasts.

	Alan pinched her nipple hard and began to pull it away from her body. 
Josh, seeing what he was doing began to copy him.  Soon, both of Rebecca's
nipples were pulled far out, her back arching to relieve some of the strain. 
Alan's other hand reached out and slapped the tender underside of her breast,
making her breast heave, the pinched nipple forcing it to accept the slap. 
Josh, not to be outdone, slapped her other breast, digging his fingers into the
teenage nipple harder, making sure that he would not release it.

	"Oh, God, that hurts, please, your tearing my nipples," Rebecca cried
out as they both began to slap her breasts, making them move about on her chest,
her nipples aching from the cruel fingers molesting them. 

	Alan released her nipple, but he hit her fully onto her battered nipple,
sending her breast flying.  Josh did the same, making her other breast slap
against the one.

	"You're being a good girl.  Now get up and come over her.  We are going
to check your legs muscles, especially your thighs."  Rebecca was led over to a
new machine, stripped naked to the waist, her breasts red from the slapping, her
nipples hard and erect from their pinching.  The new machine had a bench for her
to sit on, a back support to keep her upright.  Her legs were placed on the
inside of the two leather pads.  The pads were joined at the center of the
machine, each one spreading out.  "Now, spread your legs outward until you get
to the end.  I am going to put 70 pounds of weight on it again, a young girl
like you should easily be able to attain that. "

	Rebecca began to spread her legs, her skirt riding up higher as her legs
extended.  She knew what they intended to do to her, but she would have to
endure the humiliation.  She saw them staring at her legs as her legs widened. 
She finally reached the maximum extend for the machine, Her legs already began
to ache from the wide stance the machine forced her into.

	"Very good, Rebecca."  Alan's hand reached out to her leg, his fingers
sliding up her inside thigh, her skirt hiking up as he moved towards her pussy. 
He watched her face as she cringed when she felt his callused fingers crawling
up her naked thighs. 

	Rebecca felt them begin to molest her again.  Josh joined Alan, their
fingers pinching and grabbing her tender thighs as they moved up her leg,
dragging her skirt up higher.  She felt Alan pulled her skirt completely up over
her waist, her panties now the only protection from these cruel men.  Fingers
grabbed small pieces of her tender flesh, pinching it, watching her pained
expression as they moved up towards her spread pussy.  She felt fingers on each
side of her pussy, waiting for the moment to pinch her pussy flesh.

	"Are you wet, Rebecca?  Tell the truth, we will know in a minute."  Alan
watched as Rebecca nodded her head.  "I thought so, you like being taken, don't
you?"  His fingers grabbed down onto her pussy lips, squeezing it tightly. 
Josh, not to be outdone also grabbed her pussy, pulling her pussy lips open.

	Rebecca squirmed in the seat, her thighs aching from the forced spread
of her legs as they groped her pussy.  Fingers moved between the lips of her
pussy and pushed her panties deeper inside her slit, fingers moving up and down
her pussy, her panties soaking up her pussy juice.  She jolted upward as Alan
grabbed her pussy within his large hand, tightening up on the tender flesh, his
fingers tearing into her moist pussy.  "AAAWWW," her ass arching up from the
seat as Alan pulled her higher, his fingers biting into her tender pussy flesh,
pulling her up by her pussy.

	Alan felt her teenage pussy fill his hand as he grabbed the tender flesh
in her grip.  He pulled her up by her pussy, seeing her strain to keep her legs
open and also raise up her ass to relieve some of the pain. "You have such a hot
pussy, Rebecca."  He relaxed his grip on her flesh, her ass back down on the
chair.  "You make close your legs, but I want you to remove your panties.  Then
spread them again.  We want to see your naked pussy spread open."

	Rebecca closed her legs, her thighs grateful for the brief reprise she
received.  She raised up her ass, pulling her panties down over her hips and
down her legs.  She kicked them off her ankles, sinking back down on the bench,
her sparsely covered pussy naked before them.  Her blonde hair just barely
showed up on her pubic area, giving it the impression that her pussy was bald. 
She felt Alan ran his hand down over her stomach, sucking in her stomach trying
to avoid his touch.  It moved further down, over her bush, two fingers pushing
between her pussy lips, drawing them apart as they slid down until they would
not move any more because of her closed legs. 

	Alan grabbed her pussy lips in his fingers and pinched hard, grabbing
the tender flesh between his fingers.  He felt her body shudder in pain.  "Open
your legs again and keep them open," he ordered her.  He watched as the young
girl slowly spread her legs, her thighs straining against the weights as they
extended out.  "Yes, that's good, can you feel the cool air on your spread
pussy, you are so open for us.  Do you like to do that, Rebecca, do you like to
open your pussy for us?"  He watched her face, the humiliation spreading across
it.  "Josh, help me spread little Rebecca open for us, grab her other pussy lip
and spread it wide.  I want to hear her moan in pain." 

	"OOOOWW, you're stretching me too wide," Rebecca cried in pain as Alan
and Josh both yanked her pussy lips open, feeling like they were trying to tear
her pussy lips off.  She lay before them, her teenage pussy, all pink and wet,
open before them.  She never felt so naked as now.  Fingers began to push down
her pussy slit taking the moisture.  A finger reached her pussy and began to
push in, Rebecca straining to keep her legs open and also receive the finger in
her pussy.  Another finger reached out for her clit and began to rub over the
hard nub, her hips beginning to move in rhythm to the finger inside her pussy.

	"You like that, don't you Rebecca, you like all those fingers playing
with your teenage pussy, all nice and wet and pink."  His finger pushed further
inside her, her tight pussy clamping tightly on it.  "Such a tight little pussy. 
We only have an hour left of our orientation, so I think we are going to have to
fuck that tight little pussy before you leave."   He pulled his finger from her
pussy, it gripping it tightly, trying to prevent it from leaving.  He slapped
her pussy hard, her body jerking up, her pussy turning red from the slap.  "You
can close your legs and lets move over to another machine.  It's time for a
fucking, time to take a big cock up your teenage pussy."

	They watched her as she stood up, head down moving towards the other
machine.  Naked, wet pussy, nipples hard, waiting to be fucked.  They pulled her
over to a padded bench, sloped upwards.  They pushed her down onto it, on her
stomach, her naked ass perched before them.  They pulled her legs to the side,
her ass cheeks opening, her pussy and asshole peeking out, tiny and tender.  The
bench stopped at her stomach, forcing her to bend forward, her upper body
unsupported.  Josh stood before her, holding her head up. 

	Rebecca looked up, Josh's hands lifting her chin up, a hard cock before
her.  She watched as it pushed forward, the large head a dark red, swollen,
precum already leaking from the slit.  She tightened her lips as it moved over
her lips, leaving a trail of cum glistening in the lights.  She clenched her
lips tightly, refusing to allow the erect cock inside the confines of her oral
cavity.  Her asshole had been raped, but not her mouth and pussy.  She knew that
she had no choice with her pussy.  While she was not a virgin, she had never
taken such a big cock into her tight pussy before.  And she refused to suck his
cock.  She felt hands fumbling around behind her.  They pushed her thighs apart,
running up between her legs, over her wet pussy, pulling her ass up higher,
making her pussy more accessible to the cock that would soon force itself into
her tight pussy.

	"That's good, Rebecca, spread open," Alan's hand fisting his cock,
running it over her naked ass cheeks, They were so firm and resilient, the
Headmaster already had spanked them.  He felt her body squirm when she felt the
big head of his cock run up and down her pussy slit, gathering pussy juice to
ease the passage of his cock inside her pussy.  He followed her ass, as she
moved back and forth, his cock hardening from her motions.  He continued to
follow her movements, not letting her escape the cock that would soon slide
inside her.  He slapped her ass hard, feeling her body jerk in pain.  She
relaxed for a second.  Another slap and this time he took advantage of her
relaxing and pushed his cock inside her pussy, watching as her pussy lips spread
wide to accept the head of his cock.  He pushed harder, spearing her pussy with
his cock, her pussy lips spreading tightly over the head, almost choking it. 
Alan slapped her again and this time pushed ruthlessly inside her pussy, feeling
her young teenage pussy spread wide to accept the large cock, beating a path up
inside her.

	Rebecca felt the cock against her pussy begin to push inside her, her
pussy aching from the stretching that it had to do to accept the cruel cock. 
Her ass was being spanked again, the sharp pain running straight to her brain. 
She let her guard down for a second and the cock tore into her pussy.  "OOOOWWW,
AAAGGGHHH," she yelled.  Her mouth opened to scream in pain and as she did, Josh
pushed his cock quickly into her hot mouth, filling it with his meat.  It pushed
deep inside of her, hitting the back of her mouth, making her choke and gag. 
Hands held her securely on the side of her head.

	"Suck it like a lollypop, Rebecca, suck it good.  Josh held her head,
rocking her face back and forth onto his cock, her lips wrapped tightly around
his hard cock.  He felt her jerk forward onto his cock, forcing it deeper into
her mouth.  Alan must be drilling her cunt with his cock, forcing her mouth onto
his cock.

	Alan pushed into her pussy almost painfully as her teenage pussy
tightened onto his cock.  He continued to drill into her body, forcing it in,
pulling it out, then back in again, stabbing deeper inside her with each push. 
He heard her muffled screams, Josh's cock in her mouth muffling her cries of
pain.  He grabbed her hips hard and pulled her ass back onto his cock, it half
way into her pussy now.  He pulled it out, then pushed it back in, it sliding
effortlessly over her wet pussy, driving deeper inside her.  "You ever had a
cock this big in that little pussy, Rebecca," pushing his cock ruthlessly into
her pussy, wanting her to feel the pain of his cock.  He changed angles on his
cock, forcing it to hit new parts of her unused pussy, her body jerking in pain
as he continued to fuck her.  He now had all of his cock buried in her pussy. 
He paused, her pussy clenching and unclenching on his cock involuntarily,
reacting to the rape of her body.  "Is she sucking your cock good, Josh.  You
should feel this pussy, its hardly been used, its so tight."  He began to pull
out and fuck her.  Pushing hard into her body, his cock beating against her
cervix, bruising her insides as he fucked her.  He watched her body jerking
forward with each thrust of his cock, her mouth forced further down on Josh's
cock, her throat forced open, gagging and choking her.

	Josh held her head tightly, saw her hands clenched in fists as she took
the brutal fucking they were giving her.  He saw Alan fucking her hard, forcing
her onto his hard cock, pulling her hips onto his erect cock, then fucking hard
into her, pushing her forward.  He felt her mouth forced down on his cock,
grabbing her by the ears, forcing more of his cock down her throat, her gagging
and choking on his cock making him harder.  He could see tears running down her
eyes, her nose running as she was forced to take his cock in her mouth.  Her
hands were free, but they stayed at her side, submissively accepting the taking
of her mouth and pussy and the same time by their twin cocks.  "Don't make me
cum, Rebecca.  I am saving my load of cum for your asshole.  The Headmaster says
your asshole is so tight, so after Alan drops a load of cum in your pussy, I am
going to fuck your asshole."

	Rebecca cringed in pain as they cock in her pussy forced fucked her,
stretching her unused, teenage pussy to accept its girth.  It felt so big as it
fucked in her, backs out and then forcefully backs in until it banged against
her insides.  She felt hands reach under her and begin to grab her clit, pulling
and pinching the hard pea-sized sex organ.  Her hips raised up, forcing herself
onto more of his cock as she tried to escape the painful pinching of her
sensitive clit.  "AAHHHGG," the cock in her mouth forced down her throat, her
air supply cut off, sucking in what air should could through her nose as her
throat spasms on the hard cock, trying to suck the cum out of him.  He said he
was going to fuck her asshole.  Her asshole still hurt from the Headmasters
fucking and did not think she could stand another cock up her asshole,
stretching her open.

	Alan pushed with all of his might, pushing his cock into her teenage
pussy until it banged inside her, her pussy tightening on his pole.  He felt his
cum move from his balls, along his cock, and begin to shoot from the end,
filling her cunt with his hot cum, bursting against her tender insides.  He
ripped his cock out of her pussy and pushed back in again, her tight pussy
yanking another load of cum out of his balls as he bottomed out into her pussy
again, his balls slapping harshly against her upturned ass.  "Suck the cum out
of me Rebecca," his fingers continuing to torment her enlarged clit.  "Cum on my
cock, Rebecca, show me what a slut you are, cum with me," his fingers continuing
their forced masturbation of her body.

	Rebecca bounced on the machine, her pussy fucked ruthlessly, filling her
pussy with hot cum as she felt the first stirring of a cum beginning.  His
fingers on her clit teased the tender morsel, the hot cock filling her mouth,
forcing her to suck it.  It was all she needed.  She began to cum, a long, sweet
cum, her pussy grabbing tightly to the large cock that reamed her out, her
tongue bathing the cock in her mouth, her clit enlarged to over twice its size. 
She began to cum on the cock in her pussy, mixing with Alan's hot cum, her pussy
went into spasms, clamping on the cock inside her, the pain of her stretched
pussy mixing with the pleasure of her clit pulled and twisted.  "AAAHH, IMMMMM
CuuuMMMMIINg," she yelled, her hips pushing back on the cock, forcing more of it
inside her as her clit continued to receive the fingers bringing about her
orgasm.  "OOOHH,  GGGGOOODD," she screamed in ecstasy as another orgasm overcame
her, sucking the strength from her body as she slumped on the machine, spent,
her pussy still stretched tightly around the now softening cock in her pussy.

 	Josh pulled his cock from her mouth with a pop, her lips stretched
tightly around it.  He watched Alan pull his softening cock from her pussy, cum
dripping down her thighs, her pussy still a gaping hole from the fucking she had
received.  He saw her slumped, her orgasm draining all energy from her body as
she stirred on the machine.  Josh pulled her from the bench, her limp body
barely able to stand.  "Don't go limp on my yet, Rebecca, you still have a ass
fucking coming."  He moved over to a railing, the upper edge padded and draped
her body over it, bent at the waist.  Her head hung down one side, her large
breasts falling towards the ground.  He pulled her leg over to one side,
spreading her open again.  He grabbed a piece of rope and tied her leg to the
lower rung of the railing.  He grabbed the other leg and began to pull it open,
spreading her legs wider and wider, her pussy still open and leaking cum, her
tiny asshole now peaking out between the cheeks of her ass.  It was still red
and swollen, but looked tiny compared to her stretched out cunt.  He heard her
moan in pain as the spread of her legs began to make her thighs ache.

	Rebecca felt her body bent over the railing, her ass now pushed up high. 
Hands spread her legs wide, ropes holding them open.  She was now totally
exposed again, this time her asshole the target for his cock.  "Please, not
there, fuck my pussy," she begged, her asshole still sore from the Headmasters
fucking.  She felt Josh's hard cock pushed against her defenseless asshole, her
saliva having wetted it for her own ass fucking.

	"You'll take it up your asshole, your pussy is too used and wet.  I want
a dry hole to fuck, hot and tight and your asshole is begging for my big cock." 
He humped his cock against her asshole, watching as it forced itself in, her
asshole slowly spreading open, forced to accept the head, wrapping itself
tightly around the erect cock.

	"OOOWWW, take it out, its too big," Rebecca screamed, but as she did,
Alan stuck his cum covered cock into her mouth.  The cum filled her mouth with
its taste, a mixture of his and her cum.  She gulped as she felt the soft cock
already begin to get hard again. 

	Alan pushed his cock into her mouth until her lips were pushed against
his abdomen.  He would hold her like this, forcing her mouth to take his cock
deeper and deeper as he cock hardened.  Soon it would push to the back of her
mouth and begin to enter her throat.  He would enjoy feeling her struggle around
his cock, unable to prevent it from entering, her choking and gagging massaging
the cock into even greater hardness.
	
	Josh felt her asshole pop open, his big cock spreading her wide, the
head pushed into her rectum.  He felt her body trying to expel the large cock,
tightening onto it in forced response to the spreading of her anal tract.  His
cock twitched inside her as she involuntarily clenched and unclenched her
asshole onto her cock, trying to force it from her teenage asshole.
	
	Rebecca felt the tearing and rasping of a hard cock in her asshole
again.  The cock brought back the pain of the Headmasters cock.  Her body tried
to expel the cock, her body not being able to accept the fact that anyone would
be perverted enough to want to stick their cock in her tiny asshole.  But they
did, and they seemed to enjoy doing it with as much pain as possible, forcing
the cock into her, the pain shooting up her spine, feeling like it was tearing
her flesh, a giant spear, pointed and big pushed relentlessly into her body. 
She bowed her legs out more, hoping to ease some of the pain, but only
succeeding to open her asshole more as the cock now began to push inside her
body, forcing itself into her colon.  Her stomach began to cramp on the huge
cock, her colon forced to straighten out at it ruthlessly pushed aside anything
that got in its way, her inner organs included.  "OOOHHHH, pppllleaasse, no
more, don't go any deeper, OOW," a cramp smashing into her belly as the cock
banged her tender anal tract.  Her body shuddered and jumped as she felt the
cock tearing inside her, unable to stop the cock from pushing deeper into her
body.
	
	Josh smiled as he looked down between the cheeks of Rebecca's ass.  He
saw her tiny asshole spread wide over his cock, over half of it now pushed deep
inside her reluctant asshole, her insides clamping down on the marauding cock,
attempting to force it from her body, but only succeeding to make it harder.  He
gave her a brutal thrust, watching as almost all of his cock was buried in her
asshole, her head pulled up and heard her muffled screams.  Alan had her face
smashed against her abdomen, his cock buried in her mouth.  He could see by her
throat gasping and grabbing that Alan's cock was beginning to harden again,
moving relentlessly inside the confines of her hot oral cavity, forcing itself
down her throat again.  She was being double fucked again, this time his cock
spearing her asshole open.  "Hold on, Rachel, it's now time for a hard ass
fucking.  Your asshole feels so good gripping my cock.  I going to ream out your
asshole.  You wouldn't be able to sit for a week."  He pulled his cock all the
way out of her asshole, watching as her asshole stayed open a gapping hole, red
and abused.  As it slowly began to close, he forced his cock into her in one
brutal push, forcing her asshole again to spread wide as he made her take all of
his cock deep inside of her.  He felt her body shudder in pain as his cock tore
her teenage flesh aside, pushing deep into her colon.  He paused for a second
before ripping his cock out as painful going out as going in, her silky insides
clinging to his cock, her sphincter grabbing it as it pulled from her asshole.
	
	Rebecca shuddered in pain as she felt every lump and bump on the cock in
her ass rasping along her tender asshole.  Her sphincter began to spasm on cock
as it pulled from deep inside of her colon, the cramps stopping for a minute,
but the pain shooting up her spine like a knife.  She could not control her
asshole, the pain forcing it to try to expel the cruel invader.  Josh's cock
began a hard fucking, pushing deep inside her colon, her stomach cramping in
pain as it beat down inside her and then her tightly stretched asshole
stretching painfully around the cock as it was pulled from her body.  Then it
started all over again, the painful fucking continuing.  "No, don't make me cum
again," as she felt fingers reach for her sensitive clit again.  She arched her
back up, hoping to escape the gripping fingers, but only succeeding in pushing
the cock deeper into her backside.  Rebecca choked as the rapidly expanding cock
in her mouth pushed into her throat, unable to stop it, held tightly against his
abdomen.  Her fingernails tore into her own skin, drawing blood as she clenched
them in pain, unable to stop their unmerciful taking of her body for their own
pleasure.
	
	Josh began to fuck her harder, feeling the cum in his balls ready to
fill her colon with his hot cum.  He tore up and down her anal tract, her
asshole clinging to his cock as he fucked her hard and fast.  He continued to
tease and pull her clit, feeling her body bucking under him, accepting his cock
up her asshole, her clit begging for the forced masturbation.  "Cum again for me
Rebecca, cum with me as I shoot your asshole full of my hot cum."  He twisted
her clit with his fingers and pushed his cock into her colon one last, brutal
push, tearing her teenage asshole open.  He cock began to swell, her asshole
squeezing tightly around it as it was forced open wider, her cum shooting out
the head of his cock, filling her colon with cum,
	
	Rebecca screamed in the cock clogging her throat open as she began to
cum, feeling her colon begin to fill with his hot cum, burning deep inside her. 
Her hips bumped up and down, unable to control her bodily functions as she
fucked hard on the cock inside her, milking the cum out of him as her pussy
juice began to run down her thighs again as his cock tore from her body before
thrusting back in her again.  She felt another load of cum fill her, hot and
sticky deep inside her.  The fingers coaxed another cum from her body, almost
exhausted forced masturbation of her body.  At the same time, Alan again filled
her body with his cum, this time deep inside her throat.  Cum shot out Rebecca's
nose as she choked on the load filling her body.  The cock slipped from her
mouth, leaving a trail of cum on her lips and chin.  She arched her body up as
she felt the cock, already softening, pulled from her body.  She heard the sound
of a fart as the cock pulled from her asshole, the vacuum inside her asshole
broken, the air escaping from the brutal fucking she had received.  She turned
red in shame, her body soaked in sweat and cum, her sex organs red and swollen.
	
	Josh slapped her ass hard and untied her legs.  He saw her slump to the
floor, cum dripping from her pussy and asshole, a puddle forming on the floor. 
"You're a good fuck Rebecca, a real nice hot and tight fuck.   Welcome to
Physical Education.  You should have no trouble passing any further tests," he
laughed, pushing his cock back into his pants.

To be Continued-Part 4-Sex Education




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





