BDSM Library - Training Grounds




Training Grounds
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It's about a salve going to traing academy.
Training Grounds
by Mystery man


  Standing on the street, you're waiting comes to an end as the white limousine
pulls up directly in front of you. The door opens and you enter the large back
seat area, seeing three other women all dressed as you are. Each wears a thin
white cotton blouse, a short white skirt, white hose, and white shoes. A bit
confused, you sit down and close the door, and the other girls are looking at
you keenly.

  One woman looks to be in her mid thirties, with short dark hair and very
piercing blue eyes. She has nice legs and her short skirt shows them off well.
The girl next to her seems only about 18 or 19, with firm, breasts, and long
blonde hair. She has brown eyes, and a sensual mouth. The third girl is in her
early twenties, with light brown hair and hazel eyes. She has the largest
breasts of the four of you, and her legs are shapely as well. You wonder what is
going on with the three other women. You remain silent as you were instructed,
but your mind creates questions faster than you can think of answers.

  The driver lowers the window that separates him from his passengers and hands
back a large envelope, which the youngest girl takes. She shows each of you
wordlessly the message on the envelope. It reads simply, "Play tape inside." A
video cassette is revealed by the young girl, and the older woman takes the tape
and slides it in the limo's VCR, turning on the small TV.

  Soft music plays for a moment, followed by a woman's voice speaking in a firm,
concise manner. "You have been invited to our retreat because each of you has
shown herself to be a well trained slave. While at our retreat, you will be
allowed to train new slaves for others if you show us that you can handle the
task. Before your training can begin however, you must submit yourself to our
scrutiny and judgement. Failure to comply or poor performance will be rewarded
with a re-training program, and additional expenses for your master. I do not
recommend that you fail."

  Images formed again on the screen, of a large mansion with manicured grounds.
"This is our facility. It will take you about two hours to arrive." The tape
continued with a guided tour of the mansion and grounds, showing several rooms
with elaborate bondage equipment. The woman came back onto the screen, dressed
entirely in leather now, with her large breasts compressed into a leather bra at
least two sizes too small. "Each slave and master is accorded a rank. Slave
ranks are symbolized by the color of their collars. Green being the lowest, blue
being the next highest, followed by yellow, red, black, then gold. A slave
wearing the gold collar my command any other slave, but is still subject to the
lowest ranking master. Masters are denoted by the color of footwear, or ankle
bracelets. Their color-ranks correspond to the slave colors, with green at the
bottom and Gold at the top. There is one exception. There may be a master
wearing black, but with diamonds on the bracelet or shoes. These are
grand-masters, subject to no one. The number of diamonds signify their ranks,
but they are all essentially equal."

  You are fascinated by the elaborate rankings, and wonder just how many people
are going to be at the retreat. The tape continues. "The driver of your
limousine has been instructed to deliver you on time, safely. The window between
you and the driver should be up now, and this means your next stop is our
retreat. You may play this tape as often as needed to familiarize each of you
with its contents. No sexual touching is permitted in the limousine, and none of
you are permitted to orgasm until after your arrival. The driver will inform us
of any unacceptable behavior. You will find in the compartment next to the
telephone several bags. Remove all of your clothing and any items of jewelry and
place them in these bags. You must do it now. Strip! No talking except about the
ranking system will be permitted in the limousine. Now get your clothes off and
sit there until you arrive!"

  Feeling excited, you take a plastic bag from the young blonde and begin
undressing. The others are doing likewise. The older woman removes her panties,
showing her shaved pussy, and spreading her legs to remove the gold ring on her
labia. The blonde is undressing slowly, showing some minor embarrassment. The
large breasted woman leaves her bra for last, and when she unhooks it, her
breasts fall out, sagging from their great weight. They are capped with large,
dark nipples that are standing erect like pencil nubs. You're removing your
stockings and you notice the small slip of paper in the bag. It reads "The only
clothing you must wear are your white heels." You take the shoes out of the bag
and slip them over your bare feet. You look around, and each woman is naked,
save for her white high-heeled shoes. The blonde, without asking rewinds the
tape and plays it over again. After the second time, the fragrance of womanly
musk fills the car. You realize that your pussy is damp with anticipation.

  You look out the darkened windows of the limo, seeing people passing by,
glancing over at the white limo curiously. They can't see through the dark
windows, but they try anyway. The limo crosses a bridge, and the driver is
slowing, dropping his window to pay the toll. You realize that the window is
lightly smoked, and the toll-taker might be able to see you. The limo smoothly
passes the toll-booth, and the window ascends. The toll-taker hadn't even
glanced inside. The rid continues for quite a while, driving further out into
the countryside, away from the noisy city. You pass fewer and fewer towns, then
fewer and fewer homes as the limo heads for the foot- hills nearby. The limo's
clock reads nine-thirty as you turn into the drive, stopping before a massive
looking solid gate. The gate opens and you enter the retreat. You see no
mansion, just a long, narrow paved road and perfectly kept grass and plants. The
driver heads down a small hill, and you see the mansion, large and sprawling in
the middle of a small grassy valley. As you approach, you see a woman, the same
woman from the tape, standing at the front entrance of the mansion. The limo
stops and the driver gets out, opening the right door wide. Cool morning air
enters and raises goose bumps on all of you. You step from the car, naked except
for your shoes and stand several steps from the car, the others lining up next
to you.

  The woman watching you is wearing a black leather g-string and the too small
leather bra. She is also wearing thigh length black leather boots, and holding a
riding crop. Her hair is long and dark. She comes down the steps and looks each
of you over closely. Satisfied, she turns, telling you to follow her into the
mansion. You fall into line behind the older woman, and enter the mansion,
seeing the expensive and tasteful decorations. You stop in the hallway, behind
the leather clad woman.

  "Some basic rules first." She says. "I don't need to tell you about such
simple things as eye contact, posture, and bathroom etiquette. Your masters
should have made you aware of those things." Her words sound like a speech she's
made too many times, but her voice carries authority. "Here, you must call any
"master" by the title "My Lord" or "My Lady". Any slave that is above you in
rank must be called "master" or "mistress", but never mix your titles between
slaves and masters. Do you understand?"

  A chorus of "Yes Mistress" rings out, only to be flawed by a "Yes M'Lady"
uttered by the older woman. "SLUT!" The leather clad woman yells at her,
standing right in front of her. "I wear a black collar! I'm a high ranking
slave, not a master! Didn't you study the tape?!" The older woman stammers a bit
and replies "Yes mistress" in a quiet voice. "NEVER REPEAT THAT MISTAKE AGAIN!
Do you understand?" The older woman answers "Yes Mistress" in a very quiet
voice. "Very well. You will be spared punishment so we may begin with all of you
early today." The leather woman says.

  You are led into a small room and told to be seated on hard wooden chairs near
the door. A young man, dressed in a white smock sits at a table. You can see his
red collar while he and the leather woman have a discussion. He stands and calls
your first name. You rise and go to him, standing with your eyes downcast as
you've been taught.

  "You have been ranked as a yellow." He says simply and fits a blue collar
around your neck. After he fits it, he squeezes your left breast and flicks his
finger over your nipple. You flinch not at all. "You might make red by this
evening. Very good. Return to your seat." You sit down and watch the big
breasted woman receive a blue collar. The young man cups her tits and fondles
them for long minutes, finally letting them fall from his hands. Then the older
woman waits for her collar. The young man has been quietly speaking to each of
you, and now you can hear him clearly. "You were to be a yellow, but Mistress
Lisa has mentioned you stupidity in the entry hall. You will be given only a
blue." He fastens her blue collar and without touching her otherwise, lets her
sit down. The young blonde is last.

  "Just a moment." He says and he confers with Mistress Lisa, then uses the
phone quietly. Mistress Lisa eyes the girl, tapping her foot impatiently until
the phone is hung up. "You have been awarded a red collar." He says, as if he
didn't believe it. "You must be very good." He fastens the collar around her
neck and steps back. "You are my equal, and may address me as Doug." Mistress
Lisa congratulates her, but with her crop pressing against her small ass, tells
her that she is still a lower rank. The blonde replies "Yes Mistress" to her and
is allowed to sit down.

  Mistress Lisa allows each of you to use the bathroom, then the leads you to
another room, where an attractive woman of about fifty waits, wearing yet
another white smock and a black collar. She orders all of you to bend over and
places a butt plug in each of you, followed by a sized phallus in your cunts.
Straps are placed around your waists and through your thighs to keep both items
in place. Wristlets are used to tie your hands behind your backs and to the
straps at your waist. You struggle almost not at all as you are told to rise.
The feeling of fullness arouses you and you feel your pussy juices begin to
flow. The woman looks over some papers and then calls the big breasted woman
over. She fastens a leather harness around the big tits of the woman, forcing
them to jut forward before they sag over the leather. Then she explains to each
of you that for the next 24 hours, you will be subject to observation and
restraint before further training commences. You are now led by Mistress Lisa
out into the hallway and down to a large door. "Be on your toes sluts." She says
calmly. "The masters of us all are beyond this door." She knocks on the door,
and a voice says to enter. She enters and indicates all of you to follow.

  Upon entering the room, you see about twenty people sitting around a large
table, dressed as if they were board members of a big corporation. The several
women present are dressed nicely for business. They look at you as you walk in,
naked and feeling very exposed with them dressed. Mistress Lisa tells the woman
at the head of the table "New cunts for inspection." and she stands with her
eyes downcast.

  "Fine." The woman says. "All of you stand by that wall." She points to the
wall behind you and you each stand next to it, waiting. "We're a bit busy at the
moment Lisa. I'll call you when we're done." Lisa bows and backs up, then walks
from the room and closes the door. The masters are discussing some very boring
stocks and bonds issues and not even paying attention to you. You can feel your
slippery juices on your thighs and glancing at the blonde who is next to you,
you can see that her thighs are damp too. Finally the group stands and
approaches the four of you and they look you over.

  "This one has such great tits!" One of the men says, eyeing the big boobed
brunette. One of the women eyes your nipples and comments that they are so large
when erect that they'd make excellent clit stimulators. Another woman sees the
red collar on the young blonde, and stands in front of her.

  "Is this a mistake?" She points out to the rest of the group. "A girl this
young with a red collar?" One of the men picks up a paper and confirms the
color. The woman eyes the girl carefully, looking at her long, slim form, her
flat stomach, and her pert breasts. "She's delicious looking I admit, but a
RED!?"

  One of the men asked the blonde her name. "I am Marlene M'lord." She says
quietly. You realize this is the first time she has spoken, and how child-like
her voice sounds. The woman who questioned her rank asks her what she does that
deserves a red collar rank. There is some confusion while papers are checked. A
man finds the paper, saying "Her mistress says that she has personally had her
train studs and sluts very well, and that she is a very talented and
enthusiastic slave, and", the man chuckled, "she gives great head." The woman
eyed Marlene carefully.

  "Is this true?" She said. "How can someone as young as you give such good
head?" That the woman was challenging someone's decision was obvious. Silence
fell in the room, and everyone looked at Marlene. Gasps came from several
mouths, as the young girl stuck out her tongue, extending it at least four,
maybe five inches from her lips.

  "God! That's incredible!" One of the women said. "She's a freak" someone else
said, and the woman who had challenged the color rank, admitted that she
deserved her rank for her tongue if nothing else.

  "What about you?" you are asked by a thirtyish, attractive woman. Your reply
is "I'm willing to please My Lady." Satisfied with your answer, she stepped over
the the big breasted woman and felt her tits. "Hmm. Nice and juicy. Tell me,
have you fucked other women with your tits?" The big boobed woman said she had,
and then was led to the table, where the woman lifted her skirt and told her to
do just that.

  A man asked the older woman in your group if she had a special talent.
"Pleasing others M'lord." she replied, being very careful to get the title
correct. The man pulled on the phallus in her cunt, moving it slowly up and
down, making her legs tremble. Then he came over to you, and did the same. The
feeling of his warm hand between your legs, moving the phallus inside you
brought you to the edge. His questioning kept you from going over, kept your
mind distracted.

  "Do you like anal sex?" He asked.

  "Yes M'lord." You replied.

  "Do you like to suck pussy?"

  "Yes M'lord."

  "I bet you like to suck your master's cum from a slut's cunt too."

  "Yes M'lord."

  He pushed the phallus deep inside your sopping cunt and then stepped over to
the blonde. The woman getting fucked with big-tits was moaning and panting
noisily on the table. You felt your juices running down your thighs like water
now. The man questioned the blonde.

  "Do you like to please your mistress?" He said.

  "Yes M'lord." The blonde's high voice replied.

  "Do you like licking women's cunts?"

  "Very much M'lord."

  "How about sucking cocks?"

  "Oh yes M'lord!"

  "Kneel, slut."

  The blonde knelt and the man removed his thick cock from his pants, and told
her to suck it. You watched, spellbound as the little blonde sucked his cock all
the way down her throat. She was moving on his cock quickly, sucking him deep
into her mouth. She paused, with just the head in her mouth and her long tongue
snaked out, flicking the underside as she slid down again. You watched with
amazement as she took half his cock in her mouth, her snake-like tongue reaching
out to graze his balls. Your cunt was leaking thick white cream while you
watched, and the others watched with amazement too. You were thinking of how her
tongue would feel on your pussy, and what other talents she had. The man groaned
and pulled out of the blonde's mouth, jerking his cock into her face. Thick
white cum ran down her cheeks, over her nose, and down her chin and neck. Her
long tongue reached out and licked the tip of his cock, receiving a large glob
of his sperm. She licked his cock, then her tongue wiped his cum from her face,
even getting the cum on her nose. It seemed her tongue was impossibly long. She
even licked the cum from the bottom of her chin!

  Your pussy was aching to feel her tongue, that impossibly long tongue, probing
deep inside you. The butt-plug and the phallus filled you, but they didn't move,
didn't give you what you wanted. When the man zipped up, you realized you were
breathing heavily from the exhibition. They had finished with you and called
Mistress Lisa back in, and she led the four of you out of the room. The
big-breasted girl's tits were wet from the 'Lady's cunt, and her face showed
that she'd sucked pussy too. Mistress Lisa led your quartet upstairs.

  Upstairs you met Mistress Olivia. She wore a gold collar, and in her chamber
were several men and women already being disciplined. You could tell that she
knew her work well. She was finishing instructing two of her slaves, telling
them not to move. The girl knelt on a cushion, her hands tied behind her back,
with an enormous cock in her mouth. The man was tied spread-eagle to a
door-frame like structure, his hands and feet bound tightly. She turned and came
over, ignoring the pair. The sight of the man's huge cock in her small mouth was
very exciting and they were both straining not to move. Mistress Olivia spoke to
Mistress Lisa before dismissing her. Then her attention focused on the four of
you. Mistress Olivia was a lovely woman of at least some Hispanic background.
Her dark hair and eyes, full breasts, and very curvaceous figure made her look
very alluring.

  She stood in front of the big-breasted girl and asked her name.

  "Patrica, Mistress." She said quietly.

  "You've been fucking cunts with your tits haven't you?" She said as she wiped
up some of the juice from Patrica's big tits.

  "Yes Mistress."

  Mistress Olivia stepped in front of the older woman, asking her name.

  "Monica, Mistress." came her reply.

  "Suck my fingers clean." She commanded Monica. The woman sucked the fingers
offered, quickly cleaning them. Then Mistress Olivia asked you your name, and
you told her. She eyed you carefully, then she pulled on the phallus in your
cunt, making you shake. "You're awfully wet. Would you like to come?"

  "Oh yes, please! Mistress!" you say, and she lets go of the phallus, and says
it's not time yet. She spots the sperm on the blonde, running down her neck and
her small tits.

  "Your name slut." She commands.

  "Marlene, mistress." The tiny voice replied.

  "Now just who came in your face already?" She asks the girl.

  "One of the Lords mistress."

  Mistress Olivia's eyebrows shot up. "Now what is so special about you that one
of the Lords favored you?"

  Marlene hesitated briefly. "My tongue mistress."

  "Well, stick it out. Let me see it." Mistress Olivia watched and then she
gasped when she saw how long the girl's tongue was. It took her several seconds
to collect herself. "Well. That's quite a tongue. We'd best find a good exercise
plan for that."

  Mistress Olivia caught you staring at Marlene's tongue. "Does her tongue
fascinate you slut?" She said, standing so close her large breasts touched
yours. You said that it did and Mistress Olivia took you and Marlene to the
other side of the room. There, your hands were tied in front of you and your
ankles tied together. She strapped your ankles to a ring and chain on the floor.
Next she attached a chain to your wristlets, and pulled your arms over your
head. Next, she had Marlene lay on her back on a short table, tying the girls
arms over her head to the table's rings. Her legs were spread and tied down.
Mistress Olivia removed your waist straps and removed the phallus and butt-plug
from you, making you shudder.

  "Lean back against your chains." She told you. You did, and she pulled on one
chain, lifting your feet clear of the ground. She kept pulling until your feet
were level with your waist, your arms still above your head. You were suspended
above the floor with your legs straight out, hanging by your arms. Next, she
moved the table under you, placing Marlene's face below your soaked cunt.
"tongue her cunt." She told Marlene, and you felt just the tip of the girl's
tongue against your labia. You moan, and wonder why she hasn't shoved that
tongue deep inside your cunt. "Stretch that tongue. Reach for her juicy cunt
with your tongue." Mistress Olivia says and now you understand. You are just
barely in reach, and that beautifully long tongue can barely touch your aching
pussy.

  Mistress Olivia returns to the other two, leaving you dangling helplessly over
Marlene's flicking tongue. She can just barely graze your shaved cunt- lips, and
you ache for her to go deeper. You see Monica being fastened to a table, and
several slaves rubbing their cocks over her body. "They have been told to wash
you with their cum, but only after you have begged for it sufficiently." Next,
she took Patricia, the big breasted girl over to one of the several door-frames
and made her kneel, tying her hands to the sides, and her knees to the bottom
corners. Patricia's hands were tied on the opposite side, so that she leaned
forward slightly, letting her tits hang forward. A young stud, all of about 20,
was seated on a stool in front of her, wrapping his legs around her and told to
fuck her tits, but not to cum until told to.

  Mistress Olivia returned to you, and saw that your juice was dripping into
Marlene's mouth. She whispered instructions to one of the girls and she began
working the chains and ropes. Suddenly you felt yourself being lowered onto
Marlene's tongue, which she made stiff to penetrate you. Then just as suddenly,
you were yanked upwards. "Make her beg for that tongue. Don't let her cum until
I tell you to, or you'll be next." Up and down you went, each time, Marlene's
long tongue seemed to slide into your dripping cunt, and then as you rose, she
tried to lick your clit before you got away. Over and over, you were so close,
but there was never quite enough contact.

  Mistress Olivia returned to the young girl with a mouthful of cock and
watched. They had not moved in almost ten minutes and they were clearly very
eager. "Alright stud, you may cum in her mouth." The man moved just slightly and
his sperm gushed from her mouth like water. The girl swallowed what she could,
but he had cum quickly and copiously. Now Mistress Olivia turned her around and
raised her ass, sliding her back onto the man's still erect cock. "Now fuck him
until he fills your cunt." The girl, face down on a cushion, her hands behind
her squirmed and began fucking him.

  You could hear Monica, begging the studs to come on her. "Give me your hot
cum. Cover me, wash me with your sperm! Rub your cum on my cunt, rub it all over
my tits." She was straining against her bonds, trying to keep her body in
contact with the five cocks around her. The girl lowering you onto Marlene's
tongue let you down and suddenly Marlene's long tongue squirmed its way deep
into your cunt. You could feel your orgasm about to explode. Then she lifted you
quickly holding you just above Marlene's tongue. Patricia was moaning her tits
bouncing and rippling while the young man fucked them.

  Monica's voice was louder now, pleading for the studs to cover her with their
hot sperm, and Marlene was moaning in frustration of not being able to suck you
or get her tongue into you. You were panting with the need to cum. "Alright
Debra, let her down and let that slut suck her off." You heard Mistress Olivia
say. Marlene's tongue slid inside you, squirming around and fucking your cunt.
You felt the first twinges of orgasm rising. "May I cum please, Mistress?" You
asked, just to be sure that you could. "Yes, you may cum as much as you want."
Marlene's tongue withdrew, then she snaked it up between your thighs, and you
could see her incredible tongue tip cover your clit, then slide down your slit
until she shoved it up inside you again. She repeated this again and again,
until suddenly, you felt a huge orgasm crash through your body.

"Ohhhrrrrrrrruuuuuuggghhhh!" you moaned and felt that wonderful tongue pumping
in and out of your cunt, feeling your contractions squeezing your thick cream
out to be lapped up my Marlene. Marlene was making small animal noises while she
sucked and licked your cum from you, her long tongue still snaking all over your
slit. You were floating both mentally as well as physically, and you didn't even
notice when you were raised off of Marlene.

  Marlene was released and told to stand in front of you. You could see her
face, soaked and glistening with your cream. You felt your cunt spasm as she
stood there, licking her face off with that long sensuous tongue of hers. You
were released at last, and stood weakly by the low table that Marlene had been
on. While a girl unfastened your ankles, you saw the large wet area that
Marlene's dripping cunt had left on the table, and you wanted to return the
favor to her. Mistress Olivia called you over to where Patricia was being
tit-fucked by the young stud. Weakly you obey, and you kneel as instructed next
to the stud. "You may cum now stud." Mistress Olivia tells her pupil, and a few
strokes later, his sperm is cascading down Patricia's big tits. "Suck her clean
slut." You are ordered, and you feel your face shoved between those huge mounds
of flesh. Patricia is moaning loudly, and you tongue her tits and chest, feeling
the stud's cum warming your tongue. "Lick it and swallow every drop." You are
told. Each stream of his sperm tastes better than the last, and you are licking
her big tits all over, and even underneath where they are sensitive.

  Monica is still begging for the studs to come on her, trying everything she
knows of. "Drown me in cum! Fuck my face! Cum in my asshole! Cum all over me,
please! Please!" Yet they are holding back, each of them still stroking a rock
hard cock. Mistress Olivia tells you that you are finshed, and to stand.
Patricia looks at you with lust-filled eyes as you leave her. Mistress Olivia
takes you to Monica, who is still pleading, almost crying with her need for
release. Then she signals the men that they may cum. Each man leans forward and
cums on Monica. Two of them shoot thick white cum on her tits, one on her face,
one on her belly, and the last on her shaved cunt.

  "Now wash this slut off with your tongue." You are told. You climb up on the
table and lick the sperm from Monica's cunt, chasing some down her slit. She
comes when your tongue slides over her clit. Then you lick her stomach and tits
clean, laying your body against hers while you lick her face.

  Mistress Olivia grabs your hair and pulls you off, telling you that you have
finshed your task. The four of you are assembled and told to kneel. Four studs
are brought in and each has a cock with a head that is swollen and anxious.
"Lean back sluts." you are commanded, and you lean back on your heels. "Now
studs, shoot your jism all over these sluts." Mistress Olivia commands the men.
Without touching themselves, the men spurt their hot creams all over your face
and tits. The man spurting on you seems to be firing from a hose. Cream
saturates your tits, some even landing in your hair. The men are allowed to
finish themselves off on your outstretched tongues. Marlene only extends hers
part way, and still gets big drops of thick cum. "Rise sluts." M. Olivia
commands, and you stand a bit weakly. The men are instructed to remove the
straps and phalluses from the other girls and then you are led out of the room
by a pretty red-haired slut wearing a black collar.

  Soaking wet with sperm, and your pussy cream making your thighs slippery you
are led outdoors into the garden. There is a fancy party going on, with many
people dressed nicely. You see some of the Lords and Ladies in the crowd. You
feel like a true slut, being paraded about naked in front of these people, with
sperm all over your face and tits. People turn and look at the four of you, some
smiling, others scrutinizing closely. You start when you see that some of the
people are wearing gold collars under their fancy clothes and one woman has a
black collar studded with several diamonds. The redhead is completely naked,
save for her black collar. She leads you through the middle of the crowd, and
stops near the edge of the canopy. She instructs each of you to spread your legs
wide, and then to put your hands behind your head. Standing as though your were
being arrested. The redhead kneels and offers "four new sluts are ready to begin
their training M'Lords and Ladies." She stands and departs after a woman thanks
her, calling her "Sherri". The party continues, with people talking and
occasionally eyeing all of you.

  You can hear pieces of conversations only. Phrases come to you, and you can
tell they are discussing you four. "...big tits bouncing...an incredibly long
tongue...great tits...very pretty face...says she likes ass fucks..." After a
while, a man approaches and tells the Patricia to lean forward. She does and he
slaps one of her tits and watches it bounce. Then he pulls his cock out and with
just a few strokes, cums on her tits. "Stand up straight." he says and returns
to a conversation. Slowly, several other men walk over, and one cums on your ass
from behind, you feel his sperm slithering down your crack past your asshole. A
woman tells Marlene to kneel and fuck her with that long tongue. She lifts her
dress, showing her garter belt and naked cunt. She moans and bucks Marlene's
face, then makes the blonde stand up.

  The redhead reappears and collects you, and on your way back inside, you see
four studs walking out, their cocks at attention. Each has a leather strap
running around their cock and balls and their hands are tied. You are led
upstairs to a large bedroom with one big bed. The redhead, named Sherri, tells
you that you may now rest and clean up, and that dinner will be served at seven.
She indicates the closet where she says clothing is labeled for each of you.
Just before she leaves, she stops and asks Marlene if what she heard is true.
Marlene says yes, and Sherri says "Show me." Marlene's long tongue stretches
out. "Ohhh God!" Sherri says, and displaying a terrible lack of control, grabs
her and kisses her fiercely. Sherri rubs her body hard against Marlene's
slippery wet body, and she kisses her for a long time. Marlene's arms encircle
Sherri's waist and the two of them lock in a very erotic embrace for several
long minutes. Everyone in the room is getting turned on by them, when they
finally part. They look at each other, and Marlene's tongue snakes out and licks
Sherri's lips. Sherri repeats that, leaning forward only slightly. Sherri's
tongue is at least two-thirds as long as Marlene's!! "God! What a fuckin'
kiss!!" I may take you as my slut to train!" Sherri says.

  Reluctantly, she leaves and the four of you begin to clean up. The tub is
large enough for all of you and you all soak together, washing each other off.
Then, clean and fresh, with another hour and a half, you relax and talk. The
topic seems to be Marlene's freakish tongue. Each of you finds a thin cotton
dress for dinner, and the dresses are short and revealing. Yours fits fine,
letting your nipples peek through the light material. The dresses are cut so
that no matter how you sit, your bare ass is on the chair. Sherri shows up to
lead you to dinner, wearing a black halter with studs, and a tight black skirt
with slits up the sides to the waist. There is no need to ask, she is naked
underneath, her orange bush showing when she moves right.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mystery man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





