BDSM Library - Dr. Benson's Office




Dr. Benson's Office
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife gets revenge on cheating. Husband turns him over to local female Dr for traing at clinic. f/m nc tease denial torture
Dr. Benson's Office
by redleg112


Mike was pretty happy he had a mistress, lynn, a wife who was none the wiser
tammi. He was on the way to Dr vickie Benson office for his flu shot and annual
company required physical. He looked forward to it Dr barton was a very sexy
lady. She was 5' 4" 34b. Brown hair, cute figure. Her receptionist was also a
real fox caryn, 5'2' pretty, blond hair, but very small where it counted, about
a 32 b maybe even an a cup he kidded her on his last vist about her using a
training bra. As he remembered she did'nt take that to well. No sense of humor
he thought.

Dr Benson office was just outside of town at an old secluded mansion.

He pulled into the parking area out front and was pleased to note that there
were no other cars. Good he thought right in and out and then he would have the
day free to spend with lynn. Tammi would never suspect.

He entered the office and caryn ushered him right into the examination room and
told him to strip to his shorts. Dr benton would be right in. Caryn was wearing
a short white lab coat that ended at mid thigh, he could not discern a dress,
well he wondered, what has she got on underneath? Panties? Have to find out some
day he thought. Caryn was especially attentive, he qiuckly noted that the top three
buttons of the lab coat were undone allowing him a glimpse of the top of a lacy
Pink bra and the slight swell of caryn's small, but rather full breasts. He had
not noticed that before.

Caryn took his vital signs. When she attached the blood pressure cup to his arm
she seemed to lean closer him necessary. He smelled her dusky perfume and felt
the nudge of a firm breast against his arm. Ever so slightly.

Your pressure is a little elevated grinned caryn stepping back,
And so is your respiration. Excited about something, she smiled knowingly. He
laughed, no just a hard day baby.

Caryn laughed as she left the room, you know you never know just how hard
things can get, she laughed.

Whats this crap? He thought. The bitch in heat or something. He thought about
lynn for a moment and her expertise performing fallatio. He felt his cock start
to harden.

Dr benson entered suddenly, and he tried to cover his erection. The Dr smiled
relax mike, this won't take long.

Dr benson he noted was rather stunning. Her light brown hair framed her face,
and her mascara highlighted her dark blue eyes.

She was wearing a light blue, virtually transparent blouse. With a matching half
cup bra underneath. He noticed that she had large, protuding and yes erect
nipples. She wore a pair of black stretch pants, clearly outlining her thong
panties and raised vulva. Indicicating a thick pubic patch.

Dr benson took her stethescope and began the usual checks, starting on his back.
She placed her hand on his shoulder as she did so and the tips of her fingernails
gently caressed the side of his neck. Mike glanced over and down. For the first
time he realized that the attractive doctor had the top two or three buttons of
her blouse open. Mike looked down and clearly saw her full cleaveage and the
dark circles of her auriola pressing out of the thin demi cups of her barsseire.

Dr benson apparently intent on her task did not seem to notice the invading
stare. She moved around the table

And held the scope to the front of his chest. She moved it slowly back and
forth, seeming to wisper breathe, deep breaths, as she moved the instrument. She
bent closer and intently listened to his breathing. Slow deep
breaths mike she said. As she did so her thumbnail flicked his left nipple each
time she moved the instrument in a small circle.  She seemed intent on his
breathing and causally and unconciously straddled his leg as she leaned into him
with her firm breasts  crushing them into his chest. Dr benson did not seem to
notice.

Finally she stepped back and smiled coyly. Seems to be just a small broncholi,
nothing serious.

During this, and despite his best efforts mike had become aroused and erect
again.  He reddened with embarrassment. As he did so Dr benson glanced down, and
looked back up at him her eyes sparkling and laughed. Well i seem to know why
your resperation and blood pressure are elevated. Mike cringed with
embarrassment.

In any case vickie benson continued, you seem to be in great shape, all over she
intoned and quickly glanced down. She turned to a nearby tray and produced an
ordinary looking hypodermic syringe. This is your injection. Caryn prepared it
just for you. He extended his arm. Oh no mike vickie grinned, it goes in the
butt.

Mike jumped from the able and quickly turned, tring to hide his erection. He
felt the Dr. pull on his shorts, but instead of lowering them they fell down
around his ankles.

Mike reddened further as he knew the Dr was aware of his fully erect member.
While he tried to think of a way to cover his nakedness and hide his erection
he became unsteady, his vision started to blur and the room seemed to be spinning.

Dont worry mike, just a small reaction let us help you.

Dr benson and caryn who suddenly appeared helped him onto the table. Here now
honey said caryn just lay on your back for me. At that moment everything went
black.

================================================================================




Part ii

When he awoke mike was aware of what appeared to be a padded ceiling and a form
of indirect lighting. He immediatly noted that he could not move his arms and
legs. His arms were bound and spread  from his shoulders, his legs were spread
wide making a perfect spread eagle. He raised his head and saw that the table
dropped off at his waist and that outriggers had been attached spreading his
legs but allowing full access to his inner thighs and genital area from a low
stool positioned at the foot of the table.

Hi sweetie awake at last? Said Caryn as she walked up to the foot of the table
pushing a covered assistants metal cart ahead of her. The lab coat was fully
unbuttoned revealing a wispy pink bra and matching tarnsparent pink bikini
panties. A trimmed dark pubic mound was fully visible thru them. Just let me
call Dr benson mikie she grinned. What the hell is going on here caryn untie me
right now, mike hollared.

Caryn looked at him coyly. Dr? Yes he is awake and quite disagreeable. Oh can i?
Thank you doctor.

Mikie caryn smiled walking back to the table, you really should not be so rude.
Caryn stepped between his outstretched legs. You know you really are not in the
best position to make people angry with you she smiled.

As she did so her right hand trailed down over his stomach and over his flaccid
penis to his scrotal sac.

A ball spreader harness has been placed on you michael. That keeps the testicles
from withdrawing up into the scrotum. This thus keeps those very sensitive items
available to women to remind you of your position.

With that her hand closed over his balls and squeezed, enough to bring his head
up from the table and cause him to emit a please caryn.  Caryn smiled and
the pressure relaxed, slightly.

Caryn bent down and with her face only an inch from his cooed, "that was a very
unkind remark about the training bra mike" we will discuss that an length a
little later.

With that Dr benson entered the room.

The Dr was wearing her lab coat which she removed and hung on a hook againg the
wall. She quickly peeled off her blouse and slacks. She approached the table
wearing the blue half cup bra that revealed her aroused nipples and wispy blue
thong, her thick mat of pubic hair protruding out of the crotch. Well awake at
last she said.

I'll get right to the point the attractive dr. continued.

Your wife tammi knows all about you and lynn. She came to me for assistance in
correcting your problem. You see

Besides my medical practice i run a rather successful program of behavior
modification. I specialize in errant husbands and lovers.

Lynn has been brought here and i have two of my assistants dealing with her.
Tammi has signed you in to my clinic. I have issued a disability certificate
that she has taken to the company and they have agreed to continue your salary
and benefits while you "recover" and receive the extensive "rehabilitation and
therapy" that you require.

In other words you will not be missed. Either will lynn.

Debbie, the bar owner is the only one who would miss her.

It seems debbie moved in with tammi this morning. So she could "comfort her"
shall we say.

So we can begin immediadly said the dr. her finger slowly tracing the outline of
his left nipple.

He felt caryn begin to massage his cock and balls with an oily fluid, not to
worry mike said caryn, just some baby oil. Vickie benson put her mouth over his
sensitized nipples and began to gently lick it and suck on it, lightly biting it
with her teeth. He felt caryn's hands begin to work up and down his sensitive
inner thighs. Then she would always work slowly back up to his dick and captive
balls. Now she began to masturbate him, slowly, very, very slowly. Occasinaly
stopping to slowly and sensously rub the palm of her oiled hand in a slow
circular motion around the head of his cock. She then would continue with the
slow masturbation. Vicki continued to gently suck and mouth his nipples.

He felt himself grow hard and erect, the excitement mounting. Caryn continued
the torturous, and maddeningly slow masturbation. The rythym never slowing nor
sppeding up. He felt himself growing more excited and comming closer to orgasm.
His arousal grew, and yes at last he was ready, i cummimg he thought as his
muscles tightened and he prepared to spasm and then........all stimulation
stopped. He opened his eyes, both vickie and caryn were sitting back grinning at
him.

He felt vickies hand rubbing through his hair, and she leaned forward and
planted a kiss on his cheek. Poor boy she said, it is really heartbreaking when
i watch my subjects as i tell them the truth.

My program revolves around orgasm control. Control is excersized by myself and
my staff, and in your case by Tammi also. You see my program consists of the
sensitization of the male anatomy by almost constant fondling and manipulation,
this results in sexual arousal. Arousal usually leads to orgasm. However in my
program orgasm is consistantly denied. However stimulation is continued and
increased.

This in turn serves to inflict well deserved and appropriate punishment on the
errant male, and female in some cases. Eventually this begins a conditioning
process, where the male activly attempts to avoid arousal. As over time he
realizes that it will only lead to frustration, and of course pain while wearing
a punative chastity device, with which all participants of my program are
eventually fitted.

My subjects are never permitted to have pleasurable orgasms. Milking is
scheduled for therapudic purposes.

However tammi has made a special request that until she sends notification, you
are not to be milked. In order to prevent "nocturnal emissions" you will be
fitted with a catheter at night.

Also tammi wanted me to pass on the fact that she has sold your art collection
and your car. Further that she and debbie are going on a vacation. Aruba,i
beleive and then on to cancun.

They will be gone 6-8 weeks so dont even expect a milking session let alone any
possibility of an orgasm or any chance of sexual releif.

The Dr cooly looked at her victims horror struck expression and continued the
sensous assault on his nipples as caryn slowly stroked his still engorged penis.

But she had changed strokes, she firmly gripped the base and stroked upward.
Then she released the penis and then gripped the base and another upstroke. The
result was growing arousal, but instant frustration without a down stroke

Yes my dear client and slave the Dr wispered frustrating is it not well this is
only the beginning. Since caryn has issues with you i will allow her great
latitude in your conditioning. Now honey you must understand that there is no
chance of sexual releif for you-no none at all.  No releif just realize that
there is no such thing-mercy there is no mercy for you. There is only the
torment of a teased and denied dick. Only tammy can authorize me to allow a
release and i really do not think she is in the mood for that right know. After
all she has all those attractive young men to seduce to fuck her.

The Dr giggled and i can make things so very very much worse for you oh yes dear
this is only the beginning.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Part iii



How are things progressing Dr? Tammi asked. Quite well dear replied Dr benson.
Mike has been kept as you requested totally frustrated. He of course has been
permited no releif. The addition of the catheter has denied him even the small
releif of nocturnal emissions.

See for your self.

Tammi looked thru the one way glass mirror in to the examinantion room. A young
blonde about 19 who she recognized as one of Dr bensons assistants was sitting
on the stool that was between her tortured husbands legs. She was clad only in a
pair of black bikini panties, her small breasts were pert and jutted from her
body. Tammi immediatly noticed that her small pink nipples were fully erect.

The girl, debbie leaned onto the inside of mikes thigh, her hand holding her
chin, as though bored. While the other weilded a small fine but firm artists
brush. She was slowly running the brush up and down the underside of mikes cock,
after several strokes she would slowly run it over his immensly swollen and, and
dark purple balls , then concentrate on the raised ridge of skin dividing his
ball sack. Then she slowly stroked down to the ultra sensitive spot just under
his balls.

At this the bound man wimpered and tried to scream thru his gag. Caryn's dirty
used panties smiled the Dr. Tammi grinned-just what the mother fucker deserves
she answered.

Debbie leaned forward and stuck out her tounge and slowly licked the pre seminal
fluid folowing from the pruple raging cock head.

She stood up and leaned close to mikes face. Like a blow job sweetie??? Hmmmm?
Well to bad, you cheated and are being punished. No mercy for the unfaithful.

She then lowered her head and gently licked and sucked on her helpless victim's
aroused nipples. This elicited a mewling sound from the gagged quivering man.

Tammi watching felt intense pleasure and arousal, she felt the warmth and
moistness spread between her thighs.

Dr benson grinned knowingly at her-no regrets tammi? No none tammi replied. Good
said the Dr. He has a 2 hours tease each morning and afternoon. Then he receives
a one hour before lights out. Only 1 hour asked tammi?? Not quite grinned the
doctor.caryn is in charge of the facility at nite after the office closes. She
pays him lots of oh shall we say "personal" attention.

Also she continued sleep deprivation is part of the program. Everytime he drifts
off and starts to soundly sleep she awakens him by bringing him to full arousal.

He had reached the point of just cryng and wimpering to her, about a training
bra that she finally gagged him.

She changes the gag daily, after her 3k run and gym work out. She also uses her
panties to wipe herself when ever she urinates and masturbates. Which she does
frequently, just for you husband. She wipes off the sweat from her work out with
them, arm pits last giigles the Dr. Do you approve. Oh yes gasped tammi. This
was much much better than she ever thought things could be. Do you want to visit
him now tammi asked the smiling dr.

Yes of course stuttered a now sexually aroused tammi.

As tammi entered with the Dr mike saw her and there was an increased grunting
and wimpering behind the gag. Hello sweetie smiled tammi sitting in a chair next
to the head of the exam table. Dr benson sat on the other side, as she did so
her short lab coat rode up her shapely thighs, revealing the triangle of her
yellow panties covering her crotch. Tammi saw the very wet spot

On the delicate transparent material. She must really enjoy her work thought
tammi. She could feel the heat from her own arousal growing, along with the
increasing moistness in her own loins. The sense of absoloute power over her
helpless wimpering husband was heady and erotic.

I enjoyed my little vacation honey she cooed, i see you have been enjoying your
therapy. The helpless man continued to wimper.

You must be enjoying this continued tammi. I see your dick is all excited and
all so drippy. I said on my return we would discuss the possibility of an orgasm
for you.

But before we do that i want you to know that carl-you know your boss has been
so helpful with your disability.

Your pay is continuing from the company. As are all your medical benefits. So we
can afford to see that you can stay for the complete and extended program that
Dr benson has in mind for you. Is'nt that just wonderful. A moan rose from the
bound victim.

I guess you're anxious about cumming, debbie you can jerk mike off it's ok just
take your time so he can enjoy it.

Debbie set aside the brush and began very, very slow tortourous up and down
strokes on mikes cock. Stopping every third or fourth one to slowly polish the
tortured head of his cock with her palm. He wimpered and began to tremble.

Oh mike carl is a much better lover than you are and his cock is much bigger.
Mike looked at her wide eyed. Yes i only see him once or twice a week, he loves
the way i give him a blow job tammi smiled. Also honey maria your secretary has
moved in and she is the absoloute, consimute pussy eater. She is the one who
told me about your cheating you know.

Mike groaned. Yes dear many changes have been made.

Debbie continued her slow cruel caresses.

Dr benson unbutoned her lab coat and her right hand was inserted inside her
panties, slowly she manipulated herself as she watched the scene before her
unfold. Tammi leaned back in the chair and unzipped her jeans inserting her hand
inside her sex. Yes mike i'am gonna get off while we talk.

I have a video for you to watch. It's me and maria, me and carl, and me with
just some of the new boyfriends i have met in the last couple of weeks. You are
going to watch those tapes dear, every minute of them. You can then reflect on
your crime

You see dear it seems that i have no further use for you at home. You are no
longer required. So what shall i do with you?

Debbies devilish caresses slowly continued, the manipulations arousing mike to
the peak of excitement, but not taking him far enough. Aagghhhh mumbles were
muffled by the pantie gag.

I don't think it's time for him to be milked dr. I think debbie should just jerk
him off tammi continued.

Debbie smiled and continued to slowly pump the tortured engorged penis. Using
the lightest of touches, teasing and tormenting slowly. Tammi savored the sight
of her husbands helpless cock being tormented the agony in his eyes, and his
huge, swollen purple ball sac. Her own arousal and excitement grew as orgasm
came closer.

Yes dear i have some papers for you to sign. What are you trying to say, i can't
understand you, let me guess you're sorry, you'll do anything, just anything to
cum and be allowed to go?

Of course you will do anything i want. I'll just have you tortured until you
agree. Let go? Oh dear i am afraid that  is simply out of the question.

Debbies tormenting caresses at last had mike on the brink another stroke and he
would be over the edge.

Tami nodded to debbie, who abruptly ceased her ministrations and sat back
smiling cruelly. Noooo

Mike tried to scream pleeeeeaaassssee.

You dont need to cum right now dear said tammi. Her fingers massaging her clit
ever faster. Relax and enjoy your handjob from dear debbie. Dr can we remove the
gag for a few moments? The Dr leaned over and removed the dirty panties from
mike mouth.

Debbie began to ever so slowly, and lightly pump his raging erection.

Your dick is such a turn on said tammi, all aroused erect and oh it is so
helpless, and vulnerable, it's absoloutly helpless and exposed for tormenting.

Ohhh god tammi make them stop please, please i cant stand any more oh tammi
please ill do whatever you want please just let me cum ohhh god let me come i
cant take any more ohh plaease''''''

Tammi smiled and suddenly her orgasm rushed over her agggh ohhh god . That was a
good one mike thank you.

Knowning and watching you being tortured is such a turn on. It enhances my
orgasms soooo much she beamed.

She looked over and saw Dr Benson, flushed and breathing heavily alos
recovering. Tammi stood up and slipped out of her jeans and stepped out of her
panties. She then put her jeans back on.

Mike began to tremble as his own eruption drew near, tammi smiled at him. You
may stop now debbie.

Debbie immediatly sat back again and all stimulation to his aroused member
ceased.

Ohhhhhh nooooo tammi please have them stop teasing me please honey let me
cum-let me cum. He broke down sobbing intensly, real tears of frustration.

Stop blubbering dear said tammi it is very unbecomming. But you promised he
sobbed.

Promised? Promised what said tammi sweetly?? Oh i know your orgasm. No dear you
misunderstood. I said we would discuss an orgasm, and we have. I only asked if
you wanted debbie to jerk you off. You agreed-she jerked you off i never said
she would let you cum. Mike began to wimper and weep uncontrollably.

Dr benson leaned over the sobbing man, brushing his hair back from his
sweatsoaked brow. Ssshhh ssshhh dear its ok you take take much much more oh so
very much-yes and now we have so much time. To do things slowly and draw them
out as long as possible. You see dear that why we women have always been the
best torturers. We are so much more inventive and crueler than men. All women
have a sadistic streak. We are much more patient. We will break you mike, but so
very slowly and cruelly, thats the feminine way mike continued to cry and moan,
his body trembling with the agony of frustration and denial.

Tammi balled up her dirty panties and handed them to the dr. Crotch first she
grinned. Vickie benson grinned back.

I will see you again shortly my beloved she wispered to mike, i have to visit
your little mistress. Back soon.

Dr benson began to run her fingernails gently around his nipples, debbie reached
over to the assistants table next to her for a softer brush. Oooh   noooo
pleases please wimpered mike


Continued if there is interest

Comments appreciated send to redleg112@hotmail.com




PART IV	

Vickie Benson pressed her mouth close to the helpless victims ear, she wispered
"wanna cum mike dear, all horny, that hard cock, it makes such a mess you are
just constantly dripping all the time"

Mike moaned and wimpered "oh god please dr. stop please stop, I'll do anything
please just let me cum please i cant stand anymore"

The dr smiled at sat back her right hand slowly moving in a circle around her
victims left nipple, her fingernail flicking it, and erecting the sensitive bud.
Please he begged let me cum.

No No dear the dr. sweety whispered, that is'nt how it works. This is the
torture of the caress, it was used in ancient china to torture male criminals to
death.

You are a criminal are'nt you she cooed. Yes dr. i am, but please mercy no more
he gasped.

No sweetie, mercy?, there is no mercy. Sexual releif?, totally out of the
question, your sweet wife has been very specific, you are not even to be milked.
Besides mikie it has only been a couple of weeks now.

Is that all your dirty little mind can think of is cumming?.

It is that very attitude that got you here to begin with. Mercy for criminals
like you is never, ever permitted.

You must atone for the crime you committed against your spouse, and atone you
will honey, until she is satisfied with your punishment.

However, in any case you must still complete the behavior modification program I
have arranged for you, and then and only then can your rehabilitation begin.

Mike looked over at the smiling dr, today vickie benson

was topless, her 34B breasts standing out proudly, the small tan nipples fully
erect with excitement. She was wearing the usual thong, Light blue, sheer, as
usual, that clearly showed her black untrimmed, and thick pubic patch. He saw
the large wet spot on the front of the thong, the sexual excitement of the
enthusiatic young dr. was obvious.

Her hand left his teased sensitized nipple and trailed slowly down his stomach,
lightly caressing him. She stopped at the beginning of the line of his pubic
hair and entwined her fingers in it, and pulled lightly.

Mikie you want to cum so badly don't you?. Oh yes dr. please, please let me cum,
just once oh please dr. Mike began to thrash in his bondage, his body a sheen of
sweaty agony and helpless arousal. Dr. i'am sorry, please forgive me.

Forgive? FORGIVE YOU?? snapped the dr. no baby it is not in my power to forgive,
and even if it was that too would be out of the question. All men are disgusting
rutting pigs, driven by their selfish desires. The way to control men, and all
men need control is thru the aroused and frustrated dick.If it were up to me all
men would be mandated to go thru this program, as you will sweetie.

Her hand moved slowly down to his erect penis, the cruel dr. slowly began to run
her fingernails lighly up and down the aroused shaft. The dr. lightly swept her
hands slowly and gently over the extremely swollen and indigo blue scrotum of
the helpless man.

Occasionaly she slowly swept her palm in agonizing slowness around the purple
and sensitive head of his shaft. Feel good baby she wispered to her victim. Oh
god he wimpered no more i cant stand it PLEEEEEAAAAASEEE PLEEEASSE DOCTOR STOP
OHHHHH GOD.

Vicki Benson smiled. Poor dear why should i stop?.

You cant prevent me from tormenting you can you?.

Beleive me sweetie you can take, much much more. Ohhh yes the dr. wispered to
him much more.

It has only been such a short time, only a few weeks and already you want to
cum, to have that disgusting prick spurt all over, with its filthy mess. Oh no
baby the dr. sweetly said, no, no, no, that is not allowed. I guess you would
like me to suck on you, would you not?. Or perhaps have sweet dear karyn, suck
you,  and swallow your filthy mess?

No that simply would not do, besides, it would interfere with our program.

But just out of curiosity, is this what you would like me to do? At that the dr
bent down and mouthed his ramapant cock.

Vickie benson took him in her mouth deeply, bobbing her head up and down,
swirling her tounge up, down and around the underside of the helpless penis
while doing so. She then ran her toungue over the sensitive head and the glans,
inserting, and flicking it lightly over the urethea again, and again. Mike was
fully aroused and just ready, to spurt forth a massive orgasm. Suddenly he heard
vickie giggle, girlishly and felt the constriction as she pinched the head of
the cock, stopping his impending orgasm.

Thought i was going to let you cum did'nt you silly boy, grinned the merciless
dr. I told you that was not to be permitted. Mike wimpered ohhh no plase stop oh
please stop.

Yes sweetie cooed the sexy, sadistic dr. i will stop-for now. I have patients to
see. so for the rest of the day dear, my staff member nurse "practioner"
danielle--danni will keep you company.

At that the nearby examination room telephone rang. Vickie answered it. Oh hello
tammi so nice to hear from you. Oh yes tammi he is right here. No he wont be
going anywhere for some time. No absoultly not. No I assure you no emissions
whatsoever. No tammi I personally assure you that there has been no releif for
him, oh and yes he has been avidly watching your videos. Oh i assrue you no
problem there-no abosloutly not. When will you visit hiam again??. Oh i
see......well no problem there, however there might be one for your beloved
hubby. What-oh that is a great idea i am sure caryn can take care of that for us
both- the dr. started to giggle hysterically as she looked down at mike.

Ok my dear love i will see you later i hope-mike wont mind. great see you there.
Vickie hung up and said Mike guess what? The dr beamed. Tammi and i are going to
lick pussy togather-ours. hope you miss us. That fo course means your wife will
not visit this week-so no discussion with her about an orgasm-well honey it is a
problem you created. You see as your wife finds other interests-she looses
interests in you. Just suppose she forgets to call one week. Guess what your
torment continues-per her last instructions. I hope she does not forget, or
looses interst in you. Hmmmm .....perhaps i can can distract her??

Dr benson smiled down at mike and slowly ran the tips of her fingernails around
and over his enlarged organ. She stopped, smiled and extended her finger and
with her fingernail slowly scratched the ultra sensitive area just under his
scrotum. Mike moaned and wimpered and tried to raise himself up for more of the
drs. elusive touch.

No baby no more-I have patients to see, smiled the sensous dr. as she put on her
lab coat.

Caryn kindly consented to come back in early to spend the day with you. So i am
sure she will take all matters into her own hands-the dr. grinned- and i will
see you later. Also caryn will explain pahse 2- Erection control.



PART V

As the dr left the room and a wimpering sobbing mike caryn entered, she was clad
as usual in a short lab coat unbuttoned down the front, revealing that today she
was'nt even wearing panties. She was accompanied, by a taller woman with honey
colored hair that reached shoulder length. Hi sweeetie smiled carym. My friend
is danni- the nruse practioner.

Danni removed her lab coat-she was wearing a red bra and red hipster style
panties. She smiled hi baby. Her green eyes glittered. Sexilly she bent and
kissed the helpless man,deeply and passionatly. You poor thing she wispered. No
cum for all this time. Oh bsby your wife must be really pissed at you. I am so
very sorry. Her hand moved to his left nipple. This is the most sensitive one i
am told smiled danni. Caryn Began the slow stroking and caressing at which she
was so expert. Ohh godf please stop mike wimpered. He began to  sob and crymno
more pleeeease god no more i"ll do anything just let ME CUMMM PLEASE I HAVE TO
CUMMM, Shhh shhhh wispered danni stroking the helpless mans cheek. No i am so
sorry-you are not allowed to cum, nor have any releif=no stopping of stroking
and manipulation. per your wife. Danni's breasts were plump and full as she
pressed against him.

Oh honey she wispered in his ear, kissing it and inserting her tounge inside.
This is so diabolical, this torture. You know sweetie wispered danni, this
torture is so very, very cruel, yet so simple, right caryn caryn laughed. Oh yea
danni, the perfect way to break a man.

Danni was lightly nuzzling mikes nack, all, the while stimulating and tormenting
his nipple. We women are the best torturers. I think that it had to be a woman
who invented this torture. It is so cruel-yet she smiled down you cheating
mother fucker you deserve this and more .

I beleive this torture is inhumane, and insidious said danni as she licked his
other ear poor man wisperd caryn as she slowly stroked the engorged helpless
cock.

Yes cooed danni, first there is pleaseure, then frustration, then pain, and the
pain to agony, finally the agony to torture, so simple, so sweet, so cruel, and
such fun she giggled.

Mikie wants to cum she said to carymn, caryn grined back0how could some one
needing a traing bra turn you on sweetie??  Noooooo Nooooo Noooooo more caryn oh
gof not that again please did'nt you forgive me, oh caryn you tormrnyrd me for 3
weeks, I cant stand any more, shhh sure you can baby wisperd danno, oohhh yes,
did you know that we could torture and tease you to death right now?? Ok dear i
can make things so much more wotse. Hooo no any thing anyu please.

Danielle said look honey-your erection controller. She smiling held a simple pvc
tube im front  of his face here is how it works, I place this on you dick, she
said opening it. It has been specially made- 1/2 half the size of you dick at
the time of full arousal. She grinned here are the bast points see the head-she
displayed the device. from the end where the head of his penis would naturally
be protruded three long needles, Danni smiled-you see an unatutherized erection
will be very painful. You will wear this at all times, except when in a
scheduled tease peeriod, and when watching your wife enjoy sex with other man
and women.  Whatcha think baby smiled danni, caryn continued the slow stroking.

Noooooooooooooooooo screamed mike




PART VI



Vickie Benson pressed her mouth close to the helpless

victims ear, she wispered "wanna cum mike dear, all horny, that hard cock,

it makes such a mess your just constantly dripping all the time"

Mike moaned and wimpered "oh god please dr. stop please stop, I'll do anything
please just let me cum please i cant stand anymore"

The dr smiled at sat back her right hand slowly moving in a circle around her
victims left nipple, her fingernail flicking it, and erecting the sensitive bud.

Please he begged let me cum.

No No dear the dr. sweety whispered, that is'nt how it works. This is the
torture of the caress, it was used in ancient china to torture male criminals to
death.

You are a criminal are'nt you she cooed. Yes dr. i am, but please mercy no more
he gasped.

No sweetie, mercy?, there is no mercy. Sexual releif?, totally out of the
question, your sweet wife has been very specific, you are not even to be milked.

Besides mikie it has only been a couple of weeks now.

Is that all your dirty little mind can think of is cumming?.

It is that very attitude that got you here to begin with. Mercy for criminals
like you is never, ever permitted.

You must atone for the crime you committed against your spouse, and atone you
will honey, until she is satisfied with your punishment.

However, in any case you must still complete the behavior modification program I
have arranged for you, and then and only then can your rehabilitation begin.

Mike looked over at the smiling dr, today vickie benson

was topless, her 34B breasts standing out proudly, the small tan nipples fully
erect with excitement. She was wearing the usual thong, laigy blue, as usual,
that clearly showed her black untrimmed, and thick pubic patch. He saw the large
wet spot on the front of the thong, the sexual excitement of the enthusiatic
young dr. was obvious.

Her hand left his teased sensitized nipple and trailed slowly down his stomach,
lightly caressing him. She stopped at the beginning of the line of his pubic
hair

and entwined her fingers in it, and pulled lightly.

Mikie you want to cum so badly don't you?. Oh yes dr. please, please let me cum,
just once oh please dr. Mike began to thrash in his bondage, his body a sheen of
sweaty agony and helpless arousal. Dr. i'am sorry, please forgive me.

Forgive? FORGIVE YOU?? snapped the dr. no baby it is not in my power to forgive,
and even if it was that too would be out of the question. All men are disgusting
rutting pigs, driven by their selfish desires. The way to control men, and all
men need control is thru the aroused and frustrated dick.If it were up to me all
men would be mandated to go thru this program, as you will sweetie.

Her hand moved slowly down to his erect penis, the cruel dr. slowly began to run
her fingernails lighly up and down the aroused shaft. The dr. lightly swept her
hands slowly and gently over the extremely swollen and indigo blue scrotum of
the helpless man.

Occasionaly she slowly swept her palm in agonizing slowness around the purple
and sensitive head of his shaft. Feel good baby she wispered to her victim. Oh
god he wimpered no more i cant stand it PLEEEEEAAAAASEEE PLEEEASSE DOCTOR STOP
OHHHHH GOD.

Vicki Benson smiled. Poor dear why should i stop?.

You cant prevent me from tormenting you can you?.

Beleive me sweetie you can take, much much more. Ohhh yes the dr. wispered to
him much more.

It has only been such a short time, only a few weeks and already you want to
cum, to have that disgusting prick spurt all over, with its filthy mess. Oh no
baby the dr.

sweetly said, no, no, no, that is not allowed. I guess you would like me to suck
on you, would you not?. Or perhaps have sweet dear karyn, suck you,  and swallow
your filthy mess?

No that simply would be improper, besides, it would interfere with our program.

But just out of curiosity, is this what you would like me to do? At that the dr
bent down and mouthed his ramapant cock.

Vickie benson took him in her mouth deeply, bobbing her head up and down,
swirling her tounge up, down and around the underside of the helpless penis
while doing so. She then ran her toungue over the sensitive head and the glans,
inserting, and flicking it lightly over the urethea again, and again. Mike was
fully aroused and just ready, to spurt forth a massive orgasm. Suddenly he heard
vickie giggle, girlishly and felt the constriction as she pinched the head of
the cock, stopping his impending orgasm. 

Thought i was going to let you cum did'nt you silly boy,

grinned the merciless dr. I told you that was not to be permitted. Mike wimpered
ohhh no plase stop oh please stop.

Yes sweetie cooed the sexy, sadistic dr. i will stop-for now. I have patients to
see. so for the rest of the day dear, my staff member nurse "practioner"
danielle--danni will keep you company.

At that the nearby examination room telephone rang. Vickie answere it. Oh hello
tammi so nice to hear from you. Oh yes tammi he is right here. No he wont be
going

anywhere for some time. No absoultly not. No I assure

you no emissions whatsoever.




Dr Benson's Office Part VII

Mike screamed and begged, for mercy, for releif from the

endless, cockteasing and his denial of releif. No baby we can not allow you to
cum whispered karyn in his ear-

after all you have been a bad, bad boy and have to be punished. Punishment will
continue unil your sweet spouse says it is time to stop-but until then-it must
continue.

Agggghhhh no more pleeeeeaase stop let me cum please i am begging you-of course
you are begging  smiled karyn-just as you have begged me for weeks  but it does
no good, you have to suffer.

The torment can, only be stopped by your wife- no one else.

 Karyn again slowly ran her hand up and down mikes engorged cock shaft. No baby
she whispered, cant cum-not allowed, at that she stroked slowly up and palmed
the cockhead, slowly and agonizingly running the palm of her hand, repeatedly
over the helmet of the erect penis.

Mike wimpered, ohhh no more please no more......

Wimper for me whisped karyn-i enjoy it so. Yes Danielle echoed whispering into
the other mans ear lets hear you.

You are all helpless and its's just us girls. Danielle slowly pumped the
engorged penis. Karyn kissed the helpless mans neck slowly working her way down
to first the right and the the left sensitized nipple. She lightly bit and
slowly, licked sucked and nuzzled each one. All the while drawing gasps and
moans from the helpless captive. Karyn lightly ran her fingernails

up and down the shaft of the helpless penis, allowing

her hand to drift down, lightly caressing the swollen scrotum, tracing the
raised ridge between the ball sacks. She traced her finger up  and down over the
sensitive spot just under mike's balls. Ohhh no please not there pleeeaaase oh
god stop please mercy, mercy please.

Karyn leaned forward and just within a inch of the captive cock and lightly blew
her breath on the organ. Mike groaned at the sensation, then screamed as karyn
lightly licked the pre-cum from the sensitive underside.

Mercy whispered danni in his ear. Mercy, why there is no such thing sweetie.
There is no mercy, no releif. There is only torment, and you are helpless and
can't do a thing about it.

Danni brushed his hair back from his sweat soaked brow.

Yes baby it's just cock tease for you.

Please danni stop just for a minute oh pleeeeeaaase aggh

i cant stand it"''''''' please.

Danni snickered as did karyn. Two sexy girls playing with your dick and you
don't like it, giggled karyn.

Maybe it's just too much of a good thing. Right mikie cooed danni.

Dr Benson entered the room. How is are patient doing today girls?. Dr Benson
removed her lab coat, she was dressed in yellow, sheer lingerie, thong panties
and the

usual halk cup lace bra. The bra she removed exposing her smallish but fully
rounded breasts. Her thick black pubis was showing thru and protruding from the
pantie-thong. Danni was only clad in her usual red hipster style panties, her
small breasts with extended nipples she was pressing against the captive's chest

Her brown pubic patch was visible thru the panties.

Karyn was nude her small pert breasts sticking out proudly, her nipples fully
extended with sexual excitement. Her nether lips could be seen through the heavy
mat of black pubic hair, and they were wet with her own moisture, from the
excitement, of torturing Mike.

I love to do this to you mike karyn whispered to him,

you deserve it. Cheating on your wife, insulting me.

That training bra remark was very hurtful and you have to pay for that, honey.
Karyn slowly pumped mikes organ 2-3 time and stopped running her hand back to
his nipples.

What progress has he made with erection control danni said dr benson.

I am afraid not much at all dr, said danni. She reached over and showed the dr
the chastity tube. I beleive we need a smaller one dr. as you can see by the
head of his dick, and the punctures there that he attempted to erect.

I had to scour his dick head with lime juice and rub in salt to prevent
infection. Good said the dr. Dr benson continued-this one is a real pervert
getting hard watching his lovely, sweet wife fuck and suck another man. He
deserves torture just for that. He is disgusting said danni-we made him watch
Tammi's videos and he immediatly got aroused. Well Tammi certainly will not be
very happy when she arrives said dr benson. The dr bent over the helpless mans
face and smiled this wont help you get an orgasm baby smiled the dr. Tammi will
be along shortly, and just wait till i tell her, that you are not cooperating
with your training. She will be absolutly livid.

Tami entered the examination room. Her dark hair was newly bleached blonde. She
was attired in tight jean cut off that showed every curve of her body. Her top
was of a light blue, sheer material that ended just below her ample breasts. Her
large nipples were very obviously erect, and fully visible.

She bent over mike and gave him a quick peck on the cheek, hi sweetie miss your
dear wife??. She smiled as she asked, not expecting an answer. She sat in a
chair near the head of the table where mike could see her. She crossed her legs
and mike could see she wore no panties as her pubic hair was visible.

Well dear enjoying your stay here at the clinic? smirked Tammi. Baby please
please make them stop-you know i love and i will do anything, anything at just
let me cum-just once ohhhh god please. I cant stand anymore, i'm gonna go crazy,
god it hurts so much. Please baby forgive me and make them stop.Begged mike.

Tammi grinned, of course you are sorry dear, but i don't care. You are only
sorry because you were caught. So now stop blubbering and take your punishment.
The punishment you deserve.

You know until the sweet dr. here explained to me all the different methods of
punishment and torture that i could have inflicted on you, I was simply going to
have you castrated, and staked out over an anthill and smear you with honey.

However the dr explained we should not cut your balls off as they are a very
handy pain center, that should always be used in torturing a man.

This particular punishment is just about the cruellest way a woman can use to
torture a man. After all, we woman are natural's when it comes to cock teasing.

It is simply a womans nature dear Tammi continued.

If you had kept your dick in your pants none of this would be necessary.

The way your torment is being inflicted, quite different from the strict chinese
way, allows us to keep teasing you indefinatly.

Ahhh god no tammi i am going nuts please they will drive me crazy. Oh no we wont
smiled dr benson, if you go crazy you wont feel the punishment. I assure you
that will not happen mikie-though you may eventually beg for that to happen.

Now dear Tammi said i have an appointment to have my hair and nails done, carl
likes me looking good.

So since i was not here last week, Tammi continued

I will allow, with the doctors permission a short discussion of an orgasm for
you. So to begin let me say

I do not think you need to have an orgasm-you do not deserve it. However I am
prepared to be kind to you.

I will stroke you fifty times, if you can cum you get off otherwise the torment
will continue. Ready grinned Tami.

Tammi took the seat between the bound mans legs and began to slowly stroke the
erect penis. You know dear that a teased and denied penis has the look of a
happy dick-swollen, leaking-I like that smiled Tammi.

Tammi slowly stroked mikes captive penis, but with only one stroke. Upwards-no
down stroke. She grinned, 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,20,11,12,13, 14, 15, she stopped and
smiled at Danni do you watch general hospital?? she asked-Oh i never miss an
episode grinned Dani. Do you think luke a laura will get back together, i do not
know replied danni. Mike, squirimed as the stroking  continued
16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23,24,25. the strokes were slight caresses, ever upward.
The needed downstroke was never given. However mike felt the passion build he
was close-so close. Oh I think they will reunite said Tammi, as the stroking
stopped again.



Well that is just what i think said tammi,
26,27,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35.35,37,38,39,40.

The stroking stopped as Tammi gestured with her hands-overall I think Bobbi
Spencer-Lukes brother will get uinvolved with monica  quartermain and ruin the
whole thing. You are right said dr. Benson that will keep those two apart.

It is such a shame said Tammi as she resumed 41-42-43-44- Mike felt the orgasm
build-he was close-so very close.

45-46-47-48-  Mike was ready, even one more upstroke and he would spurt. She
stopped again-yes that bitch Bobbie Spencer will ruin everything.

Tammi returned to the task at hand-49-50.

 Well mikie she smiled- I gave you 50 good strokes and you did not cum. So that
proves that you just want to cum. You really do not need it.

Noooooo wimpered the helpless  Mike, make me cum-ohhhhhh

 pleeeaaase let me cum please.  No sweetie smiled Tammi-you only want it-you do
not need it.

I will drop in next week and see how things are.

Doctor may i tip you staff??. Of course beamed dr Benson. Tammi handed both
Danielle and Karyn a $100.00 dollar bill. Girls smiled Tammi evily, I know the
tease must stop to allow him to "cool down" but every time that dick droops down
and begins to relax, manipulate it and stoke and caress it and bring it right
back up to the point of agony with his arousal-ok?. Of course beamed the dr and
her staff.

Sweetie cooed Tammi I think you need some humiliation to insure you understand
your place. Things have changed and carl is my lover. You will never be allowed
to have sex with me again, nor any other woman. You may be granted releif
through methods I will allow. I want you to consider this-I will fuck carls
brains out-you will clean my pussy with your tounge. Then-carl will be exhausted
and drained you must suck his dick- a feat of work dear for you to get him all
aroused and ready after i am done-then you must swallow all his cum. Oh noooo
wimpered. Mike-yes  dear hissed Tammi.

You will beg to do this next week when I drop in, or later whatever suits you,
but the tease will not stop. Think of how the thought of this enhances my
arousal and orgasms with carl. Fuck you you cheating Bastard.

Tammi turned and left the exam room-Tammi noo pleeeaaaase screamed mike. The
door shut. Tammi turned to Dr Benson who had followed her outside.

Doctor you have an excellent program here. Thank you Tammi replied the Doctor.

As the two highly aroused women walked down the hall, Dr Benson said please
wait-I really must check in on exam room 1. Whats going on there said Tammi. Oh
that is my special project-raymond. Who is raymond asked Tammi-oh that subject 
was my husband said the dr. He disagreed with my program and wanted to inform
the AMA, so i had no choice you see said the Dr. seriously. I made him a test
subject.

Look for yourself smiled the dr. Tammi looked thru the observation window. She
recognized kelli, a member of the staff tormenting a helpless male she had a
feather that she relentlessly ran over the captives genetilia, over  the
scrotum, up and down the haevily leaking shaft, over his nipples ever seeking
and never stopping for the sensitive spots. Finding one she would repeatedly
return to it to caress it with her feather, slowly, and sadistically. He seems
to be in good hands dr smiled tammi. Tammi looked again, kelli was wearing a
white push up bra that displayed her 32B charms. She was also wearing white
bikini style panties. The young cruel girl never stopped probing and tormenting
the helpless man.

Always seeking a weak spot. That is what he deserves said the dr. i milk him
once every six weeks. Kelli is an expert masturbatrix. She allows the many
orgasms-the first and second are quite pleasurable I am told smiled the dr. They
are quite agonizing after that. The post orgasmic torment she inflicts is
wonderful to see continued the dr. The oversensitive penis is manipulated and
stroked, the perfect time for polishing the head I assure you.

I have a metter to discuss with you dr said Tammi. Which is said the dr.

 Here is a cashiers check-$25,000.00. Dispose of debbie the bar owner for me. Oh
that can be easily arrainged said the smiling dr. Tammi continued of course she
must be punished first. Oh no problem smiled dr. benson coyly.

 The dr. looked at the check-25 grand. Debbie gave her a check for $35.OOO
earlier that day to eliminate Tammi. Humph thought the dr. I can take out Tammi
and pocket a total of $60,000. The dr smiled at Tammi. You know she said to
herself, I bet she is a hot subject and very easy to arouse and stir up-yes
thought the dr. she could be a lot of fun.




DR BEENSONS CLINIC-LAST CHAPTER



Oh you poor baby whispered tammy, your balls are so blue and swollen, and your
poor dickie so hard, cooed tammy. Well dont worry sweetie we have a solution
dont we dr benson

dr. benson sweetly smiled at the helpless man, spred eagled, naked on the table,
he legs still spread by the outriggers, caryn, her assistant, hands relentlessly
running her fingernails up and down the engorged and helpless turgid cock of her
victim the slim tormentress smiling and every gasp and wimper from the victim.

yes mikie the honey haired dr whispered in his other ear, her tounge darting
around his earlobe, tammy has decided to show you some mercy, today my dear she
has decided that you can cum, yes baby, you will be allowed an orgasm. then as a
bonus another orgasm and guess what, orgasm after orgasm, like that idea honey?
the good dr had her lab coat open, her 34b's exposed, dark nipples protruding in
arousal, red bikini panties,  typically soaked thru at the front. tammy was
wearing an almost completely sheer top, stopping at her midriff and very short
shorts, caryn, as the duty cock tease that morning was of course nude from the
waist up, wearing only a pair of black thong panties. caryn leaned forward over
her victim and kissed his forhead, yeah baby and i get to make you cum she
laughed evilly.

do i turn you on baby she grinned, tightly grasping his turgid shaft for just a
short moment of bliss, squeezing slightly, which elicited a heartbreaking wimper
from the panty gagged victim.

how can i turn you on so much, the girl who needs a training bra? she smiled as
the victim groaned and wimpered and began to cry with the agony of frustration.
she grasped his head between her hands, only 32a's butn they seem to excite you
huh honey, she said, releasing his and cupping her small breasts with pink, and
fully excited protruding nipples.

dr benson leaned back in her chair, how it works tammi is first caryn, then i in
constant rotation jerk this asshole off, as slowly as possible of course, his
first orgasm is very enjoyable, as is possibly the seconed, however by the
third, or certainly the fourth this is not the case, it becomes painful, and the
penis becomes overly stimulated,

to the point where a mere caress, let alone masturbation is absolouts agony to
the overstimulated nerve ending. however we continue, as slowly as possible, to
drag out and prolong the victims agony. This is after all punishment, for him
not pleasure.

his balls will ache, and cause much pain and discomfort also i assure you.

then we continue until he is shall we say "pumped completely dry".

at this point, the mal is in many cases unable to loos his erection, and i then
allow my stayy to utilize him, remember since his is dry there can be no more
orgasms, for a while so again he is  constantly frustrated.

then he will be allowed to rest for a period of 24-48 hours and the cock teasing
is started again in another cycle-endlessly in this case until i heard from you.

caryn ever so lightly grasped mikes erect penis and slowly, ever so slowly began
gentle strokes of the pemis.

tammy leand over, oh mikie i am so sorry, your boss has been fucking me silly
svery night, he is so much better than you and his dick is so much bigger. i may
have to lave you here for quite a while.

caryn continued her relentless, and sadisticly slow stroking.

dr benson smiled and with one hand caressed her breasts and nipples and the
other ran over her pantied crotch.

sweetie whispered tammy to mike, i brought you here to be cured, and just look,
any women even caryn, who turned you off, had tits too small and like you said
needs a traing bra, gets you all excited.

i cant trust you even with a chastity belt.

caryn continued and mike felt the orgasm buil he began to spasm and felt the cum
get ready to erupt from his hideously swollen and purple balls.



STOP, STOP RIGHT NOW CARYN. carym quickly withdrew the stroking hand.

sweeetie even though you are a cheating mother fucker, i cant allow you to
experiance what must be horrible, post orgasm torment. no i wont put you thru
that.

instead its the chastity belt. a scream of frustration came from thr wimpering
shaking man. i am going on a cruise with your boss, we will be back in 2-3
months. i'll come and visit you again then and we can see about you comming
thenn-but really it seems no progress is being made here dr. any woman who comes
in here and plays with his dick gets his hard and he wants to cum.

well tammy its just that your hubie is totally incorrigable said the dr.

well is guess thats all for now mikie smiled the dr buttoning her coat as she
stood, come tammy ill walk you out, oh and caryn-2 more hours tease then the
chastity device and videos.



as they left the room caryn leaned forward on mikes chest, she held up a key
baby this is the only key to the chastity device, and i have it so lets discuss
the traing bra remark again she said, smiling her mouth closing on one nipple,
one hand slowly polishing his cock head as the other starting flicking the
remaining nipple with her fingernail.



a muffled scream came from behind mikes gag.



as the exited the exam room tammy felt two arms go around her and something with
an antiseptic smell close over her nose and mouth.



dr benson stood over the unconcious woman. good work danni, she said to the
athletic nurse, as two others oushed up a guerney and lifted the woman on
it-exam room said the dr.

i will give debbie a call.



redleg112@hotmail.com 

working on another story same theme feedback requested especially from the
ladies-also should he ever be allowed to cum??




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  redleg112


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





