BDSM Library - Vacation




Vacation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Patrick and Mary take a much needed vacation, only to be intercepted by the local law.
Vacation, all I ever wanted . . .

Patrick and Mary MaCauley needed this vacation.  It had been a hard year-Mary's
miscarriage, Pat's promotion and subsequent transfer-a transfer to the desolate
waste of Northern Nevada.  Just when they most needed their friends, they found
themselves thrust into the empty, lonely expanse of the Great Basin.  Mary was
miserable, and Patrick hurt for her.  She had withdrawn, emotionally, sexually. 
Until this vacation, there had been no sex for 8 months. 

Eight months, 7 days, and 22 hours,  Patrick thought-not bitter, just sad.

But that had all changed last night.  Driving to Sonoma-wine country, land of
bed and breakfast.  They'd stopped in Tonopah for the night, tired of driving,
tired of the endless see of sameness.  Patrick had hoped for a sexual revival,
but last night had exceeded his wildest imaginings.  Mary had been intense,
hyper-sexual, insatiable.  She'd done things he'd never dared ask.  Driving
toward Tahoe today, Pat's mind kept returning to their wild night.  Mary's mouth
on him, working him, milking him.  Mary orgasming again and again as he thrust
into her, her legs over his shoulders, hands on her hips.  He smiled at the
stirring in his groin.  Don't you ever wear out, cowboy?  He laughed huskily. 

"Patrick?"  Mary's voice cut through, edgy if not panicked, "Patrick, how fast
are we going?"

"Oh, shit," Patrick's mind snapped back, foot instinctively hitting the brake
pedal.  90 mph.  He'd been going 90.  "Sorry, Mar."

"Don't apologize to me," Mary craned her head to look behind, "apologize to the
cop screaming up our ass."

"Ah, hell," Patrick fixed his eyes on the rear view as the patrol car grew
larger,

"No cherries." Mary said hopefully, just as the red and blue lights began
flashing.

"You were saying?"

Patrick eased the rental to the shoulder, turned off the engine.  Rolling down
his window in preparation, he waited.  The patrol car slid in behind them, and
all four doors opened.

"Four cops?"  Mary gasped, eyes wide, "What the hell?"  She looked at Patrick,
smiled slyly, "Gonna take four cops to subdue my dangerous fugitive lover . . .
I feel positively aroused."  Reaching over, she squeezed his crotch, winked. 
Patrick goggled, stunned, then burst out laughing.

"I love you, Mar."

"I know, you."


"License and registration, sir?"

Patrick looked up at the cop-he was huge.  Black.  They have black cops in
Northern Nevada? Patrick thought crazily, I had no idea.

Reaching above the visor, Pat grabbed the rental's registration, then fished
into his pocket for his wallet.  Pulling out his license, he handed both to the
cop, who glances at them distractedly, then passed them off to another cop-this
one obviously Native American.  Handsome, Patrick noted, in that savage sort of
way.

"Please wait here, sir."  The black cop walked back toward the patrol car to
commune with the other three cops.

"I don't like this, Patrick," Mary's sexy smile and light joking were gone, her
expression taut and, if not fearful, at least very concerned. 

"Ah, Mar, no sweat.   They ticket us, we're on our way."

"Why four-I mean, why would they need four cops in one car?"

"Maybe the podunk outfit that passes for a police department out here can only
afford one car,"  Patrick winked, reached to squeeze her hand, "Relax, babe. 
We're good."

Mary stiffened as the cops-all four this time-approached the car.

"Get out of the car!"  Peter gasped, looking from the cop's drawn weapon to his
impassive face. 

"Officer?  Officer, I-"

"GET OUT OF THE FUCKING CAR!"  The cop roared, yanked Patrick's door open. 
Mary's door was pulled open at the same time, and she was dragged, screaming,
from the car.

"MAR!"  Patrick struggled as he was pulled from the car, thrown against it.  Gun
against his head, his hands were wrenched behind him, cuffed.  Dragged toward
the patrol car, he fought, every step a battle with the huge black man.  His
eyes never left Mary, who was also being cuffed, manhandled.  Thrown into the
caged rear seat, Patrick was locked in, trapped.  His shouts became enraged
bellows as he saw what the four patrolmen meant to do.

"NOOOOOOOO!" Patrick roared, throwing himself against the door even as they
threw Mary, face down, over the trunk of the patrol car, "NOOOO, YOU FUCKING
BASTARDS, GET OFF HER!!"  Mary was fighting for all she was worth, bucking,
screaming as a cruel hand was thrust up her skirt, between her legs, tearing her
panties off.   He could hear her pleading, begging for mercy. 


"Please, PLEASE!"  Mary thrashed, pushing back with all her might, trying to
lift herself from the hot metal of the trunk, "Please, NO!  Someone will come,
someone will see!"  Mary's squirming stepped up a notch when she heard the cop
behind her unzipping his fly, "NO!!  You'll get caught, someone will drive by
and see!"  Her pleas were met with raucous laughter.  One of the cops leaned
over, almost solicitously, "Sweetheart, no one's going to come," he winked at
the others, who were laughing loudly, "well, no one's going to drive by,
anyway-we're all going to cum."

And then the man behind her, the Indian-she felt his huge cock pressing,
probing, pushing against her, seeking her pussy.  Mary's screams became
inarticulate, her hips jerking and bucking as he sought, then found with a
vicious thrust. 

"NNNAAGHHH," Mary cried, her eyes darting wildly, then focusing on Patrick. 
Patrick in the back seat of the cruiser, Patrick shouting her name, his face
pressed against the rear windshield.  Less than a foot between them, their eyes
met-his ablaze with rage and sorrow, hers huge with pain and terror.  And then
the slamming began in earnest, and Mary's eyes closed, her body shook with the
force of the cop's thrusting.  Driving into her, harder and harder, the huge
tool tore at her delicate tissue.  Her legs kicking ineffectually, Mary
continued to fight, to cry out as she was violated, taken inches from her
husband.  As the throbbing Native cock began to swell, twitch, Mary's screams
became cries of pure horror.  She had been with Peter the night before, no
protection.  She had been hoping to try again, another pregnancy, another baby. 
And now, now this pig was going to fill her with his seed-and she was ovulating. 

"NNOOOOO," Mary's bucking hit a fevered pitch, trying to dislodge the huge tool
before it could spit forth his sperm, 'G-G-GOD, P-PLEASE DON'T CUM IN ME!!"  And
then the shout of victory as the cop's hot, thick spunk filled her, wave after
wave as she struggled to escape it.  Soaking her, spraying deep in her pussy, he
kept fucking her even after her writhing had milked him dry.  Fucking his cum
deep into her, pushing it toward her womb, her eggs. 

Pulling out, he wiped his dick on her ass, turning to smile at Patrick, who was
sobbing with rage, horror.  Giving him the thumbs up, the cop stepped away, and
the huge black man stepped up to take his place. 

"Seems the whore doesn't want us to cum in her," the black cop laughed, "you
think maybe she's ripe?  Wanted to fuck her ass, but you know, the idea of
putting a nigger baby inside her is just too much to resist."


Pulling his enormous manhood from his pants, he roughly flipped Mary onto her
back, yanking her legs over his shoulders.  Mary's back arched, her hips
twitched madly from side to side, trying to avoid his giant tool.  Leaning in
close, he forced her legs back to the hot metal of the car as he ground into
her, tearing her, nearly splitting her in two.  Mary's screams became guttural,
agonized as he drove deeper and deeper, burying his 10 inch, thick as his wrist
cock into her quivering pussy.  Reaching up as he tore in, he ripped her blouse
open, revealing her impressive breasts straining against her white lace bra. 
With her arms cuffed behind her, they stood up defiantly, soft and firm in the
push up bra.  Thrusting ever harder, her rapist laughed as her breasts danced
and jiggled.  Mary's legs jostled with each thrust, bobbing up and down even as
she was slammed into the unyielding steel of the cruiser.  The cop looked at
Patrick, whose tear stained face was still pressed against the glass, and
grinned.   Slowed his pace, drawing his cock slowly out, 'til the head was just
resting on her reddening pussy lips, then slamming back in, bottoming out,
cramping her belly with the force.  Slowly out again, then driving in, eliciting
a scream with each hateful thrust.  Patrick watched in horrified fascination,
eyes darting from Mary's drawn, tear stained face to the cop's sneer, then down
to the gigantic dick plunging in and out of his sweet wife's pussy.  Patrick
screamed, banging his head against the glass, trying to force his way through to
Mary. 

Picking up the pace, the black man began slamming into Mary, hard and fast.  Her
body rocked with it, perfect white breasts jouncing painfully.  Mary screamed,
grunted with the force of his blows, her head shaking in denial as he pounded
her insides.  Black fingers sinking into soft white flesh, he pulled her into
him, worked her hips back against him as he thrust cruelly.  His huge dick began
to twitch, and his plunging became frenzied as he shot his sticky jizz into her,
filling her.  Mary moaned with the knowledge that his sperm, his black sperm,
was inside her.  She looked at Patrick, her eyes wide and tear filled.  Patrick
met her gaze with his own, stricken.  And then he looked away.  Mary began to
sob.

Pulling her from the car, the cops split up, the two who had already fucked her
taking the rental, the others dragging her into the front seat of the cruiser. 
Patrick threw himself against the unyielding mesh, sobbing as Mary was pressed
against it, the cruel metal biting into her flesh.

"P-Patrick," Mary whispered, her face pushed roughly against the barrier between
them, "please, Patrick, help me . . ." 

"Baby," Patrick leaned forward, pressed his face against the metal, against
hers, "baby, I can't, oh, God, I can't."  They cried, their tears mingling as
the man beside her pushed her roughly forward, upright, then pulled his engorged
cock from his pants.

"Gonna fuck your whore right here, boy," he cackled as he plunged his meat into
her aching, raw pussy, slamming her into the mesh, into Patrick's face.  Mary
screamed, her eyes locked on Patrick's tortured expression.

"NOOOOO!" Patrick shouted, his rage and horror plain, "YOU FUCKING BASTARD, YOU
PIECE OF SHIT, YOU FUCK!  STOP, STOP, DAMN YOU TO HELL!"

"I may be a piece of shit, Patrick," the cop sneered, "but I'm a piece of shit
who has his 9 inches buried in your poor, weeping, sweet little wife."

Patrick roared, beyond words, as Mary was thrust again and again into the wire
wall between them.  Mary's sobs, her grunts, tore at his heart.  And then he
stopped.  He closed his eyes, drew a deep breath.  Help her, you selfish fuck he
cursed himself.  He'd been so caught up in his WIFE being taken by others that
he hadn't thought of his WIFE.  He leaned in close, lips brushing her cheek
where it was pressed into the mesh.


"Mar," he whispered softly, "baby, I'm here.  I love you.  It's going to be
okay, sweetie, it is.  I'm here.  It will be over soon, just hold on, baby, hang
in.  I love you so."

Mary's eyes dragged up, stunned and horrified, she met his gaze.  And saw love. 
She moaned low, her eyes rolling up as Patrick continued to sooth, to calm.  The
cop behind her, inside, her, grabbed her by the hair, yanking her away from the
mesh, from Patrick's voice.  Twisting her to the side, he forced her head into
the lap of the patrolman driving. 

"Fuck the bitch's face," he growled angrily.  No way that fairy-fuck was going
to make this easy on the whore.  No way.  The driver laughed, reached down to
release his rock hard cock.  Face forced down, the hateful head of his manhood
pressed against her lips, forcing them apart.  Mary bucked, fought with all she
had, but her jaws were forced apart and the throbbing meat pushed relentlessly
into her mouth, her throat, even as the other heaved behind her, driving deep,
each thrust pushing the driver deeper into her tight, tortured throat.  Mary
gagged, choked as her jaws strained, her throat constricted, protested as it was
laid open.  Her bucking, struggling increased as her air was cut off.  Hips
working, back arching, she rocked wildly.  The man in her pussy laughed harshly.

"Look at your slut wife fuck my cock, you impotent wimp!"

"GOD DAMN YOU, DAMN YOU!" Patrick threw himself against the mesh, roaring with
rage, "YOU FUCK, YOU SHIT, I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU!"

The cop raping her pussy sneered, digging his fingers into Mary's hips and
slamming into her even harder.

"I fuck?  Yes, I do, you simpering, dickless weakling-I fuck your wife.  Hard. 
I fuck her 'til she cries."  He glared at Patrick triumphantly, "and you can't
do a thing about it.  You'll kill me?  How, gonna whine me to death?"

The cop driving laughed uproariously at that, his hips thrusting into Mary's
soft, pink mouth.  The cop behind began to groan loudly, hips convulsing as his
cock began to throw its load into Mary's pussy.  She'd only had one lover-had
been a virgin when she and Patrick married.  Had always known she would never
know another man.  She sobbed around the tool in her mouth as she felt the hot
cum spewing into her.  Patrick moaned, tears hot on his face as the cop pumped
his seed into her.  What if she got pregnant?  Oh, sweet Jesus, no, please . . .

As if he'd read his mind, the cop filling her pussy with his semen grinned,
leaned toward Patrick.

"Bet she's fertile, huh?  You aren't man enough to put a baby in her, but I
promise you I am."  He laughed at Patrick's strangled, wordless response, "Oh,
yeah, my baby inside your whore.  My bastard in your bitch's belly.  You like
that?  Who knows, maybe she'll live that long."


The driver let out a whoop, his hips jerking upwards, burying his cock to the
hilt in Mary's throat as his orgasm hit.  Wave after wave of sour cum filled her
mouth, choked her, bubbled out her nose as she struggled for air.  Pulling out,
he finished by splashing her flushed, bruised face with his jizz.  Sticky,
looping strings of it splattering her lips, her cheeks, hanging, dripping.   The
cop who'd just filled her pussy grabbed her by the hair, slammed her face
against the wire barrier.

"Look at his spunk on your bitch wife's face, faggot," he ground Mary's face
hard into the mesh, "LOOK AT IT!  She's covered, filled with the cum of others. 
MY cum.  Inside her RIGHT NOW.  HIS cum in her belly, her mouth, splattered on
her face-you like that?  I'll bet you do."

Patrick moaned, his head down, eyes closed.  Mary gasped, trying to catch her
breath.  Her pussy twitched, trying to expel the sperm inside her, a river of
pink and white trickling from her, down her sweat slick thighs. 

"You ever been in jail, fag?"  The cop released Mary, and she slid slowly down
the mesh, curling on her side between her two rapists, "because you're going
there now.  And let me tell you, you're little whore here is gonna be the hit of
the party." 

Pulling off the highway, the cruiser followed their rental into the small town. 
Empty, desolate, Patrick lifted his eyes in hopes of finding someone, anyone who
could help them.  There was no one-the town looked abandoned. 

Dragged from the cruiser, Patrick and Mary were shoved and kicked to the
jailhouse.  Ah, God, Patrick thought desperately, surely there will be someone
here to help, someone who will see just how insane these bastards are!   His
hopes were dashed when he saw the other cops high-fiving their torturers. 
Forced into the jail proper, Patrick and Mary both gasped.  The cells full of
men-unbathed, unshaven, crazed.  In the last cell were four women.  Three
unconscious.  The forth weak, moaning, her legs spread, blood and semen running
out of her red pussy, her swollen mouth, her hair slicked with cum. 

"They're STILL alive?  Where'd you stash the stiff ones?"  The black cop laughed
as he dragged Mary, who was now screaming with realization, to that last cell. 
Patrick kicked, shouted as he was forced in with the other men, the iron door
clanking shut behind him.  "Those are their wives, faggot."  The black cop
leaned close to the bars, "That's right. For every man you see here, his wife
has been all fucked out by the rest."  Patrick's eyes were huge, unbelieving.
"Believe it, fag-these men were just like you when they got here. And now
they're just animals.  They fuck to stay alive.  And you will, too.  You'll
watch every one of them ride your poor sweet wife, and when they're done, you'll
fuck her, too.  Maybe until she's dead.  And then there will be a new sweet
thing, and you'll fuck her, too."

Patrick sank to his knees, stricken, his eyes meeting Mary's.  Mary, on her
knees, spread wide, cum running from her pussy.  Another cell was opened, and
four men were herded out, driven to the women's cell.   Patrick screamed as they
fell on her, groping, pinching, filling her mouth, pussy.  And then the ripping
rape of her asshole as she squealed, writhed.  Their eyes met, and Patrick saw. 
Mary was already dead inside.  He screamed again.  And again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





