BDSM Library - Unexpected Visitor




Unexpected Visitor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A BSDM scene is interrupted by some unexpected vistors. This is based on an event that actually happened.
UNEXPECTED VISITORS


by loreilei

The day started out nicely, as Joanne was sitting at her computer and working on
her writing, as she enjoyed that immensely.  But.. Suddenly the phone rang and
she was surprised at who it was, as she had not given her number out at all to
the Dom who had called, her address but not her phone number. He had said he
would be over within the hour, and they could sit and talk.

Joanne called her friend Dede to let her know that she was having company over. 
And we all know that any and all smart submissives do not have anyone that they
have not met before coming without a safe call.  But Joanne found out that the
Dom had not exactly told the truth in getting her number, as he had told Dede
that he had left it at home.  But she had never given him her number.

Joanne quickly ran and hopped in the shower, as wanted to wash her hair and do a
quick shower as she had been cleaning her apartment.  Joanne and Robert had been
friends for a few years, but had only ever talked on line, but Dede knew him in
real life and had said he was really nice and that he leaves a girl very
satisfied.  But Joanne was still not sure, what or how really; just that Dede
had told her that he liked a few things in a few certain ways.  Surprisingly sex
was not one of them, as he was into pleasing a girl after he had flogged and
teased her. 

Joanne was sitting there patiently waiting working on some crafts until Robert
showed up, and as time went by she was getting nervous.  But she was trying to
remain calm, as she pulled out all of her favourite toys, as he had wanted to
see them.  Finally when she was getting ready to go back to her writing, she
heard a knock at the door.  Rising she turned walked over and opened the door,
to see him standing there, looking at him her nerves were finally calming down. 
He was not quite exactly like his picture but very similar as it had been more
than a few months since he had sent it to her.  Smiling as she swung the door
wide, and bid that he come in.  Standing there with his grey hair with enough
darkness that told her that he had once had very dark hair.

He entered and they sat on the couch and chatted a while getting to know each
other in person, is a whole lot different than over the net, or even on the
phone.  But as they sat there and both relaxed to the point that they were
curious as to how the other would react if he did want to flog her.  As Joanne
had originally had no intentions of allowing anything to happen, and she was in
the mood and did have that instantaneous sense of trust of him, it felt that
this was one time that it would be ok to play. But he did have the certain style
and energy that made her want to find out especially after they had played on
line and off for over two years.

Finally Robert asked about her toys and Joanne stood and walked over to the
table where she had them laid out, and pulling the cloth off of them, he saw
that she had a paddle out, as well as two different floggers, and a couple of
cats.

Finally he told her to just stand there and to take off her slacks, which Joanne
did slowly and calmly, as she was fighting saying no, but still wanted to be
flogged.  And since Dede had said he was a nice guy she felt relatively safe. 
Standing there in her sweater and thongs, she was nervous, almost as if she was
a newbie and Joanne was if anything not even close to being that.

Glancing over his glasses at her, then slowly sliding them down his nose and off
of his face as he told her that she seemed to have forgotten something.  But
Joanne was waiting to be told to remove them, as he had not said to take them
off as well. Taking a deep breath she bent forward a little bit and started to
slid them down her legs, and stepping out of them she stood there with only her
sweater on.  And he had not said a word about removing that so on it would stay,
at least until wearing it drove her nuts.

Sitting down as he gently pushed her back onto the couch, she leaned back and he
pulled up her top, and started to tease one nipple with his hand, tugging it,
rolling it between his fingers, and when it was hard, he then slipped his mouth
over it, and sucked and nibbled upon it until Joanne was arching forward.  And
as to be expected he started to work on the other giving it the same treatment
as the first.  Joanne, could feel her heart beating fiercely in her chest as
Robert continued to finger and suck and nibble upon her breasts.  Finally he
slipped one hand down between her legs, and flicked his finger between her labia
lips and across her clit, making Joanne jump.  Finally he stood up and walked
over and while telling her to get on her knees on the couch as he picked up the
thick leather flogger.  And as Joanne prepared herself, he swung it slowly
through the air.  Getting used to the feel of it in his hand, and Joanne hearing
the swish as she waited, tense but wanting.



Finally she felt the thud of the leather strands across her ass, making her jump
unexpectedly, as he quickly followed through with several more without giving
her a chance to react.  Joanne was enjoying the feeling of the flogger, as being
flogged was one of her favourite activities.  Robert continued to flog her until
she was squirming, and he could tell that she was wanting to cum.  Quickly he
told her to roll over and lay back against the couch, and to spread her legs
wide.  Joanne swallowed but was swift as she followed his orders.  Holding her
ankles she held her legs wide, and as she glanced down at her pussy, she saw
that her lips were swollen, and her clit was peeking out as it was swollen and
hard.  Closing her eyes, waiting for what she knew was coming, not sure if she
was really ready for it.

Shivering in anticipation, when suddenly she felt the first swack of the flogger
upon her pussy, making her jump as the tingling flowed inside her from her
pussy.  The rush of air that flowed around Joanne, was nothing compared to the
blood running through her veins, as she was sure that even he could hear her
heart beating.  Just as she was about to cum for the first time, and he could
tell, with the way she kept biting on her lower lip, he said, "NO you have to
ask for it."  Quickly opening her eyes, to glance up at him, as he brought the
flogger down once more, which only made her whimper as she needed to cum so
badly, but did not want to ask for it. But remembering what he did on line, she
realized that asking would be the better choice.  Panting out a "Please Sir,
Please may I cum."

Hearing "No not yet," made Joanne, want to scream, as she was barely Holding
back.  Quickly Robert slipped one finger inside her pussy and started to tease
and pump, as his thumb rocked her clit back and forth. Panting out a "Please
Sir, I have to cum," as he slipped in another finger, she heard "CUM!. Cum now" 
And feeling a warmth wash over her body, as she shivered and her body tensed as
her pussy clenched with the oozing of her nectars, as they flowed out of her
body.  Blinking her eyes open as Joanne only realized that she had them clenched
tightly shut as she came.  Swallowing as he slipped to his knees and keeping his
fingers buried deep inside her pussy as he started to lick away at her clit.  Up
then down, and as he lowered his mouth fully onto it, she felt his teeth
gripping it Firmly.

Beginning to pump his fingers swiftly in and out as he continued to lick and
suck with the occasional nip, Joanne was ready to cum again, and as she panted
that she wanted to cum, Robert bit a little harder than usual, which gave her
the idea, that NOPE, not allowed to cum, so she held back, until  it was
starting to rush out of her, over all of her resistance, but at the same time he
was telling her to "Cum, yes, Cum."  Giving a little gasp as  her inner legs
were becoming soaked with her juices, from her cumming, as she could feel it
flowing down the crack between her cheeks and soak her tight asshole.   

Feeling his fingers slipping inside, as he added yet one more, making it tight,
as he continued to pump, and thrusting deep, she wanted to cum, quickly as he
was tickling her G'spot and Joanne was fairly bouncing on the couch as she
wanted to cum.   As he pumped in and out of her pussy, she was barely holding on
to her legs keeping them up and separated. Swinging her head back and forth as
the urge of wanting to cum, was so quickly upon her that she couldn't even gasp
out what she wanted, but he just kept pumping slipping in a forth finger, and as
the tightness got to her, she clenched down on his fingers, as he stroked her G
spot.

Making her cum without a thought of holding back, as he had intended for her to
let go, as he was not planning on giving her time, to catch her bearings. 
Giving a squeal, as she came, Robert quickly pulled his fingers free and stood
up and back looking down at her.  Making Joanne wonder what he was going to do
next.

Watching as he quickly grabbed the neoprene flogger, and started swinging it,
first to get used to it, and then snapping it down across her wide-open pussy. 
Making Joanne jump with each snap of the strands across her pussy, she started
to squeal and moan, as he was causing her tender pussy, to want to cum even
without anything buried in her.  The strands occasionally snapped across her
clit, which made her gasp and jerk with each stinging crack.  Feeling her clit
being tormented in that way was making Joanne wiggle and squirm as she was close
to Cumming yet again, and it seemed as if Robert was not going to stop.  But
then she didn't not wanting him to stop either.

Tossing the flogger down, he quickly slipped his fingers back inside her pussy,
and keeping his little finger out as he teased her tight hole with it.  As
Joanne was feeling the waves of yet another orgasm, she was squealing with the
force of yet one more being pulled from her body. But as she started to cum as
he quickly ordered her to, he did not stop pumping.  Joanne was feeling a puddle
spreading beneath her But Robert wanted her to stand, as he pulled her up off of
the couch, telling her to turn and kneel on it.

And as she slipped to her knees, he quickly snapped his hand back and Cracked
her left ass cheek. Feeling the air in her lungs quickly expanding with the feel
of his hand dancing upon her ass with hard landings, as her ass started to turn
a deep shade of red.  Joanne was remaining quiet as she tried to resist the urge
to yelp with each handprint that was forming as he continued to spank her ass.

Quickly picking up the neoprene flogger again he started to bring it quickly up
between her legs, and as her juices flowed down her legs, Joanne was shaking
with the exertion of her climaxes.  But as suddenly as he had picked it up, he
tossed it aside and flipped her over as he started to slam his hand into her so
fast that Joanne thought with how tight it was, that he was fisting her, but she
knew that was not so as she could feel his thumb upon her clit. And as Joanne
was rolling her head back and forth with her moans he knew that she was going to
cum yet again.  The power he felt drawing each and every climax out of her, gave
him a sense of euphoria, as it was him that was making her cum, him that was
allowing her or delaying her climaxes.  The thrill that he felt was so strong,
that he was enjoying making her orgasm over and over again.

Joanne could barely take any more as she was coming to the point that she  did
not want to cum any more, but Robert wanted her to be so exhausted that she
would not even want to think about playing with herself later.  Just as Joanne
was being made to cum one more time there was a loud banging on her door.  With
a loud "Open up police here".

The only thing stopping the police from entering was the chain on the door, but
Robert and Joanne both heard a loud "Open up or we break the door down." 
Swallowing and jumping off of the couch Joanne looked at Robert, and wasn't sure
whether to giggle or what as the look on his face was one of total shock. 
Yelling herself that to hold on a minute, as she pulled on her slacks, and
without realizing that she was also pulling her sweater on backwards.  As she
didn't want the police breaking open the door. Telling them to hold on as she
zippered and buttoned her slacks up. Trying not to look at Robert as he had a
look of almost terror on his face.  But Joanne was pissed at the cops
interrupting her fun.  As she opened the door, and  they pushed their way in
telling Robert to back up as they asked if she was alright.

Trying to remain calm, with the after effects of orgasm still flowing  through
her body, and hearing the police ask if she was alright and telling Robert to
step outside, was enough to piss her off.  As the obviously younger of the two,
looked around the living room, as he explained that they had been called because
of a disturbance.  There was a report of fighting going on, of someone getting
beat up.  Hearing them telling Robert to just step outside and seeing him
pulling on his coat, Joanne was angry enough to raise her voice, and hearing the
blonde cop telling her to relax, while she was saying that they were just
enjoying themselves that they had no damn business coming and yelling that if
the door was not opened that it would be broken down.

With the cop noticing the toys laying on the table and the floor, Joanne
swallowed and could only think "Holy shit."  But hearing the blonde ask her if
she was a dominatrix was enough to make her laugh as she shook her head telling
him, that "No, if anything but that maybe, but a Dominatrix, never."  Just the
look on his face, made her wonder, just what was up, and as he again asked if
she was all right and to please pull her sleeves up and he could see that there
were no marks at all upon her arms.  She was fed up, and as she swung her arm
back and yanked the pillows and blanket off of the couch and pointed at the
large wet spot, that was centred on the on cushion, and looking the cop right in
the eye.  "Damnit what the hell do you think was going on, with a spot like
that?"  "He was making me cum, and I was damn well enjoying it, and unless I
missed the advertisement of "Breaking new laws since last night," it is not a
crime to have more than one orgasm, now is it?" 

Hearing the blonde tell her to calm down as he explained that someone stated
that there was a fight going on, and as she explained well the only one around
is the landlord and if he heard me, it was because his ear was pressed against
the damn door, and he is jealous.  The blonde cop was just trying to get her to
calm down, but Joanne was still pissed, as they had no business coming there. 
Going over to the door as she heard the cop ask if it was ok to look around, and
did so when she said go ahead, am just packing as moving shortly.  Seeing him
coming back out, after he realized that there were no more people hiding in the
apartment.  He did apologize for disturbing them.

Watching as he walked out the door, and over to where the other cop had Robert
standing, Joanne was still upset with her landlord, but was also worried about
the police commenting on the toys that had been out in total view, but she
shopped that telling him that she sold them would have covered up, what probably
did happen with them.  But as Joanne was leery of what the cops might say if
they realized that they were used on her.  But she resorted to a form of anger,
as she was still in some ways frustrated as she had just been about to have her
strongest orgasm yet, and she was still floating as if she was soaring on a
natural high.

Finally the police left, and Robert had come back in the apartment.  Looking up
at him, Joanne could see that he had a strange look on his face, while he
reached up and rubbed her neck, as he asked her if she was all right.  "Are you
relaxed now," and "Have you come down enough yet?"  Hearing herself tell him
that she was fine, but did not tell him that she was pissed, and still
frustrated, as he turned and said "Well I guess I should be going."  Shrugging
Joanne, whispered, "Well if you must." To which he told her that He would be in
touch. 

But as he stepped through the door he turned and while shaking his head, looked
at Joanne for a minute without saying a word.  The softly she heard "Well this
would make one hell of a story, not that anyone would believe it, but still." 
With that he gently touched her cheek and nodding his head turned and walked
towards his car.

Sitting there thinking about things, Joanne was surprised the next day when  she
heard a knock on her door. Standing there in civilian clothes was the blonde cop
from yesterday.  Holding of all things a bag that could only be a toy bag.  "Is
it alright that I come in?" was what she heard, and being surprised she opened
the door for him, as she waved him in, and as the afternoon progressed she heard
him talk about the submissive who he had collared to him for almost a year. 
About how being a cop he has to treat and react to everyone regardless of who
and what they are.  Of how he cannot go out much in public in this lifestyle as
he is just that a cop. Sitting there talking as if yesterday hadn't really
happened, as they both extended friendship to the other.  Which after the
experiences of the day before gave Joanne something more to laugh about.  As
there was not much sense in getting upset with everyday run of the mill
disturbances.

Oh and as for Robert he never did call or message to check on how she was, so
that was another one off her list.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  loreilei


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





