BDSM Library - Lord of the Ring Gag




Lord of the Ring Gag
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A prancing-pony fetish parody of a very popular fantasy epic recently enshrined on the silver screen.
Lord of the Ring Gag

By Adrian Hunter

(with deepest apologies to J.R.R. Tolkien)



"Stop it, Marie-Noelle. That tickles!"

Spirella cantered ahead of her slender companion, who giggled as she bent
forward and pretended to initiate another attack with the long feathers that
adorned the harness of smooth white leather daintily padlocked around her head.

"Seriously! We have many miles yet to journey ere we take our rest."

"Yeah, enough with the pillow fights already," muttered Buttplug, still annoyed
by the morning's revelation that he was down to a frightfully tiny portion of
catnip at the bottom of his pouch. Accompanying two jejune ponygirls on a doomed
quest across barren lands called for acres of potent snuff at his immediate
disposal, and he was forever darting off the trail in search of fertile fields
of unwanted male chronics to illicitly harvest.

Spirella snorted as she tried to stifle a laugh. Oh, she just loved Buttplug to
pieces, she did! Of all the fabulous Furries they had met in Rivenmyst, she had
immediately taken a shine to this morose male cat who appeared to be in
perpetual need of a hug. Such kindred spirits, the Furries were...willfully
adopting the ways and means of a favorite animal was certainly a higher calling
to which frilly fillies could relate. And poor Buttplug certainly didn't make
things easy for himself, given his name and species.

"Couldn't be helped," he had explained after rescuing Spirella and Marie-Noelle
from a particularly treacherous patch of muddy muck that were common to the
province. "Some Furries choose brave and fearsome animals they imagine
themselves to be, like lions and wolves and sports mascots. But true Furries
know that one's animal self is discovered, not selected off the rack like a
freakin' prom dress. And I'm a purple cat. Coulda been worse. Coulda been a
poodle. Or a ladybug."

As for his name, he explained it as the whim of a previous owner who fancied
herself a comedienne. "Beats Mittens, Fluffy or, ugh, Pussy," he had added
thoughtfully, and not a little thankfully, Spirella had observed.

And thankful definitely described Spirella's mood as she pranced ahead of her
attendants. Thankful she had been born a ponygirl. Thankful for her warm stall,
her shiny tack, her comfortable bridle, her flexible harness, her adjustable
clamps, her endless meadows and her dozens of dear friends like Marie-Noelle.

But most of all, Spirella was thankful that she, among all the ponygirls in
Snobbiton, had been selected for the undertaking upon which she and Marie-Noelle
had recently embarked.

Granted, epic adventure did not come naturally to her, nor her fellow former
foals. Ponygirls much preferred to keep among themselves, having been the
subject of much calumny over the years when strangers to Snobbiton had paused to
scoff at their exquisite equestrian ways. Worst of all were those who would take
advantage of the ponygirls' kind and trusting natures with uncouth manly efforts
to defile, if not pillage, their hay-strewn sanctuaries. Spirella felt it was
much better to steer clear of such unpleasantness and focus on more pressing
concerns, like how to keep the brass rivets that adorned her beloved chastity
strap from rusting.

But that was before the day when the elder mare known as Fanfic, a pony of much
wisdom, poise, grace and a shimmering tail reportedly hewn from the hairs of a
real-life princess who adopted a seriously short coiffure when she ran off with
a member of a raucous troupe of ill-tempered and frightfully pierced musicians,
had taken her aside with an urgent request.

"The ring," she had whispered as she nibbled Spirella's ear suggestively. "The
dreaded ring must be returned to its place of origin and destroyed ere more harm
befalls our happy corrals."

Hidden under Fanfic's rhinestone-peppered saddle was a strap of ancient leather
with buckles on either end, and a large circle of tarnished silver in its
center. When Spirella first took the device in her teeth, she felt a sensation
of unfamiliar terrible warmth course through her silken loins. Suddenly, the
malicious foreigners who visited Snobbiton did not seem so dangerous anymore. In
fact, she quite fancied the idea of getting to know them better, preferably in a
dark stall with the doors bolted shut, their cunning eyes blazing with
unmistakable intent, their powerful fingers clutching raw flesh beneath her
fetters, their sweat-crusty jerkins slithering off meaty shoulders, no
possibility of escape...

"Enough!" the mare had whinnied as she knocked the device from the grip of
Spirella's teeth. "You must never replace your bit with the ring, no matter how
tempted you find yourself."

Fanfic explained the origins of the strange device in greater detail. How it had
been forged by a tribe of evil spirits who lived many leagues beyond Snobbiton,
in a land where males treated other living creatures with the same lack of
respect a young boy pays to an insect under his magnifying lens. How it could
cause even the most chaste ponygirl to fall under its spell, leading her to
commit wild and wanton acts of such dire perversity that Fanfic was loath to
discuss their particulars beyond a telling nudge with her well-etched hoof
against Spirella's chastity belt. And especially how the ring worked, a
description which made Spirella's nicely-toned tummy a little queasy, although
she didn't necessarily feel sick.

"Very well, Fanfic," Spirella had said bravely as she placed the ring under her
own saddle. "With the help of my bestest bud, Marie-Noelle, I shall dispose of
this artifact. Besides, I need a new bridle, and everybody's already seen this
year's collection offered by the mange-riddled merchants of Snobbiton."

To date, their voyage had been fairly uneventful, with the exception of meeting
Buttplug in the muddy muck, who afterwards insisted on accompanying them, mostly
to avoid having to attend the Furries' annual gathering, an event which he
described in grisly terms that made Spirella and Marie-Noelle thankful that
ponygirls didn't much care to parade their pride in public.

But Spirella knew that every puff of dust kicked up by the cloven heels of their
crotch-high leather boots took them a step closer to their unknown fate. While
Fanfic had been reticent to provide a detailed description of the nasty beasts
who had forged the ring, Spirella entertained herself and Marie-Noelle for hours
in the evenings with fanciful thoughts that left both of them more than a little
flushed and primed for the privacy of their sleeping rugs.

As they rambled down the road at a cheery pace promiscuously close to
"skipping," Spirella allowed her mind to ponder the shape and size of her
eventual foes, not to mention other fearsome and muscular creatures they might
encounter in their travels.

"What the fuck is that?" cried Buttplug suddenly, his verging-on-violet fur
standing on end. "Did you hear something?"

"Help! Oh please, won't someone help me?" called a pretty voice from somewhere
along the side of the path.

"Come, Marie-Noelle, we must investigate!" Spirella cried as she galloped down
the embankment and into the woods.

It didn't take long before the threesome found a clearing between the trees
where railroad tracks had been laid. Off in the distance, Spirella thought she
heard the high, lonesome whistle of a southbound freighter coming their way.

"Look! Over there, on the tracks!" Buttplug exclaimed as his plastic claws
clicked excitedly against the smooth steel of the rails. "Someone's in trouble!"

A few yards away, a young woman in a long flowing dress that was hiked up her
legs, exposing multiple petticoats and a pair of adorably retro button boots,
lay across the tracks, her body bound securely in vast quantities of
thickly-braided rope.

"A damsel!" cried Spirella.

"In distress!" echoed Marie-Noelle.

"What, no ripped bodice?" moaned Buttplug.

"Hurry, Buttplug, untie her," Spirella said, her ears twitching as they
discerned the rumble of the fast-approaching express.

The woman gave them a sheepish look and batted her eyelashes demurely.

"Uh, that's okay," she said, suddenly calm. "I'm fine, really. Don't mind me."

"What? But there's a train approaching," exclaimed Spirella. "You'll surely be
crushed, and your attractive dress shall be permanently soiled."

"Please, leave me be," the woman insisted. "Worry ye not about my apparent
predicament."

"It's clear you are in need of immediate rescuing," Spirella asserted as she
studied the layered coils and intricate knots surrounding the damsel's limbs
with no small degree of admiration.

"Yes, but...well, it's a long story. Best you be on your way. Thanks for asking
though. Good afternoon."

With that, the woman resumed her plaintive calls for aid, oblivious to the
presence of the two ponygirls and their feline friend.

"Well, I never," huffed Spirella as they made their way back to the path. "She's
going to be lunchmeat any minute now. Oh, we can't just leave her there.
Buttplug, you must...wait, what's that I hear?"

Ahead of them, the unmistakable sound of another woman calling for help
reverberated through the trees.

"Ohmigod, someone else is in trouble! Quickly!"

The trio rushed back into the woods to a second clearing where an
equally-attractive woman, dressed in a parallel manner to the one they had
previously encountered, was likewise trussed and squirming most appealingly on
what looked like a continuation of the same set of train tracks.

"Help, please won't someone...oh, hello," she said as Spirella, Marie-Noelle and
Buttplug burst noisily into the clearing. "Lovely day, isn't it? And I'm quite
keen on the way the leaves change around here."

"We have no time to waste with idle chit-chat," Spirella said brusquely. "We
must get you untied before..."

"That really won't be required, love," the woman said with a smile.

"And pray tell, why not?" asked Spirella with just the tiniest hint of
exasperation.

"Be quiet for a moment, and listen carefully," the woman instructed.

Cocking an ear to the sky, Spirella still heard the oncoming train, but
surprisingly, it didn't sound like it had gotten any closer in the minutes since
they had left the first woman. More importantly, she could make out the distant
calls of several other women, all crying for help with varying degrees of
anguish.

"Why, there must be dozens of distressed damsels in these woods!" Spirella
deduced.

"Hundreds, actually," the lassoed lass replied demurely. "Tis a common practice
on the frontier where you find yourselves. Following a merry chase and a
stirring struggle, our men bind us firmly and leave us to our fate on the
tracks, whatever that might be."

"But aren't you in mortal danger?" Spirella worried.

"Hardly. In fact, the process is quite pleasurable when done correctly and
without extraneous interruption. Speaking of which, if you will excuse me..."

"An entire village of damsels in distress," Buttplug marveled as they made their
way once again back to the path. "Well, I suppose it's better than being mangled
by dragons. Unless they're Furry dragons, of course, in which case they're about
as scary as a certain Rasta-spouting anthropoid from the aptly-named Plateau of
Phantom Menaces."

"I should quite fancy a go at this distress business myself," said Marie-Noelle
unexpectedly. "Do you think I could try, Spirella? I shan't be long, I promise."

"Of course not!" Spirella said, desperate to shake the idea of all those
complicated windings around her own body. "We have much more important things to
accomplish than indulging in fantasies."

Buttplug couldn't help snickering.

"Oh, you know what I mean," Spirella snapped impatiently, her padlocks jingling
as she wagged a forelock in his face. "We're on a mission. A quest. A journey
into the depths of our greatest..."

"And don't forget shopping," Marie-Noelle added, her heart set on a pair of
shoulder-length gloves in white leather to match the rest of her ensemble.

"Quite right. We mustn't dally and delay our expedition any longer. Look, the
sun has already passed its zenith, and soon it will be time to mount our
feedbags. We must press on. Come!"

"With pleasure," Buttplug meowed, expertly avoiding the airborne hoof that
Spirella had targeted for his crotch.

An hour later, the three adventurers noticed a strange set of footprints in the
path.

"Look at these markings in the dirt," Spirella said. "They appear to be holes of
exceptional depth, preceded by triangular impressions of some sort."

"Most irregular, yet quite consistent in their spacing and direction," noted
Marie-Noelle helpfully. "Almost as if each step had been carefully considered
prior to its placement in the path."

"Uh huh," Spirella agreed distractedly as she pondered what sort of walking
device would have such an abnormal effect on such a well-traversed road. "Well,
not to worry, as they seem to be heading the same way we are. Unless we
significantly increase our pace, I doubt we shall overtake them."

They followed the oddly-shaped footprints for another mile, somewhat disturbed
by the increasing number of unique tracks that joined the original pair.

"Their ranks are growing," said Buttplug as he idly swiped a paw at a passing
butterfly. "Whatever they are, there's more of them than us."

"Thank you for your brilliant observation," Spirella replied icily, her mood
soured by a growing sense of regret over taking their leave of the damsels in
distress so quickly. Perhaps if they had tarried, they might have encountered
the dastardly men for themselves, leading to a skirmish in which her band would
have doubtlessly fallen prey to their immoral...

"Sorry for paying attention, your horsiness. In the future, I shall prohibit
myself from pretending to give a flying...whoa, bandits at 12 o'clock high!"

Indeed, there appeared several shadowy figures on the path ahead of them, all of
whom appeared to be walking rather unsteadily.

"Hallo!" Spirella cried out with as much friendly inflection as she could
manage. "Who precedes us in our journey that takes us far from the
well-maintained dressage arenas of Snobbiton?"

"Oh, thank God," one of the strangers exclaimed.

"Maybe they've got bunion pads!" said another excitedly.

"Dr. Scholl's, even!" added a third.

"I'll settle for comfy slippers and a soak in the creek," sighed a fourth.

Spirella, Marie-Noelle and Buttplug quickly overtook the curious band of fellow
wanderers and introduced themselves with practiced curtseys, with the exception
of Buttplug, who began mewling in a most unattractive fashion as their eyes took
in the spectacle before them.

At least a dozen young women sat dispiritedly on the side of the path, all
dressed in short black dresses decorated with much lace around their slender
waists and atop their curly-haired heads, their legs ensconced in stockings of
sheer black silk and their wrists entwined with matching gauntlets.

But it wasn't their splendid garb that led to Buttplug's outburst. It was their
feet, or rather, the unusual walking apparatuses that were strapped and locked
around their ankles. Each one sported an elaborate heel of considerable length
that forced their wearers to walk on the very tips of their doubtlessly delicate
toes in a manner not unlike a nimble dancer of dervishes.

"Greetings, fair maidens," said Spirella. "My name is..."

"We ain't maidens, we're bleedin' maids," spat one. "And unless you brung an ice
bag for my achin' tootsies in one of yer saddlebags, you can piss thyself off."

"You try walkin' down this ruddy alleyway with an unabridged dictionary on top
of yer noggin," screeched another. "Practicin' your balance in these
contraptions is worse than listenin' to the prime minister babble about his poxy
baby, like squirtin' useful sperm in middle age is some great accomplishment."

"Ahem," Spirella continued, motioning to her own fabulous footwear which arched
her calves in a delightfully alluring fashion. "Well, we are on a quest to
return the ring..."

"Ooooh, you got yerself a ring, didja?" piped up another maid. "Bloody typical
that a decent man would want himself a horsy for a bride."

"No, no, it's not that kind of ring," Spirella replied, a bit more wistfully
than she intended. "Anyway, where are you headed?"

"Back to the scullery, if you must know. And you can call me Giselle."

"Me, too!"

"Ditto."

"And me as well!"

"Well, my name is Claudia."

"Same here."

"Likewise, I'm sure."

"Except me. I'm Gwen."

Spirella could not help notice Marie-Noelle's unnatural fascination with the
cruel shoes, their stiletto-like spikes sinking deeply into the unpaved dirt of
the path. But she knew they had little time to tarry, especially with such crass
and uncouth strangers.

"From where do you hail, kind servants of extended soles?" Spirella inquired
with a supercilious twitch of her tail.

"We come from the land of Flagrantly Fastidious Fetishes," the first Giselle
replied. "Our masters have sent us on an exercise run in which we are to
traverse this accursed locals-only lane for a period of not less than eight
hours balancing these heavy tomes atop our heads. If any of them should discover
us in our current seated condition, we shall be collectively punished in a
manner that will prohibit us from sitting again for an extended period."

That pronouncement caused Marie-Noelle to swoon in a manner precipitously close
to the vapors.

"You mean...they might actually...raise a hand to..."

"Whip us. Beat us. Strop us. Thrash our bottoms until they glow brighter than
your cheeks right now."

"Oooooohhhhh..."

Buttplug crumpled like an abandoned marionette into the grassy meadow abutting
the path.

"Yes, well, that's all very fine and dandy for you gentlewomen, I suppose,"
Spirella said as she felt her haunches glow with unnatural fire at the thought
of the illicit riding crops some ponygirls kept hidden at the bottom of their
tack boxes. "And there is much to be said for poise, as any livery lass worth
her saddlehorn could tell you. Come, Marie-Noelle and Buttplug. Let's take our
leave of this situation ere we are inadvertently introduced to the lords of
these maids' households."

"Yeah, best to trot along, ya fuckwits," one of the Claudias sneered. "Wouldn't
wanna soil those lovely leggings o' yours with an honest day's labor."

"Since when was Labour honest?" Giselle Number Three inquired, sparking a
vicious political debate between the maids that sounded well-rehearsed to the
point of ennui.

"Well, happy scrubbing," Spirella said over her shoulder as the trio scurried
down the path as fast as their hooves would carry them. "Good thing we ponygirls
don't have to suffer such injustices to our delicate carriages."

"Like running around in spurs and halters isn't a flagrantly fastidious fetish?"
asked Buttplug with genuine curiosity, himself unsure of why he subjected
himself to the daily distresses of his feline persona.

"Of course not!" Spirella retorted. "As a Furry, you should be well aware of the
difference between a fetish and a true calling. One's a voluntary perversity,
the other is nature's way of amending God's occasional errors."

The three of them continued chatting until Spirella finally announced that the
time had come to end the day's journey. After finding a comfortable clearing
just off the path, they settled down for an evening of much munching, grooming
and storytelling about the ring still safely stashed under Spirella's saddle.

"What do you call these wicked dudes anyway?" Buttplug wondered as darkness
overwhelmed the remains of their tidy campfire.

"Fanfic didn't tell us, but she assured me we would know them as soon as we met
them," Spirella replied sleepily. "And with that, a very good night to you, and
Marie-Noelle, too."

Several hours later, the threesome awoke with a start to the sound of shouts and
a great many men crashing in an orderly manner through the trees.

"Ohmigod, who goes there?" Spirella demanded as she hurried to straighten her
mane and apply just a bit of mascara before they met whatever fate was about to
befall them.

"Oh, Spirella, I'm frightened," squeaked Marie-Noelle as she tore apart her
rucksack in search of her curry comb.

"Oh, shit," sighed Buttplug, realizing he was going to have to be heroic without
the benefit of stuffing his snout with snuff.

But the valiant vacationers proved to be no match for the dozens of short,
hairless men wearing long white robes and matching headbands who descended on
their clearing. Within minutes, Spirella and Marie-Noelle found themselves
stripped of their pony gear, gagged with large red balls, tightly bound in coils
of rough brown hemp, and hung like fresh meat from long sticks carried on the
shoulders of the men.

As for Buttplug, the invaders had simply laughed at his synthetic claws and
electric-blue fur, but when they discovered he was male, they slapped him on the
back, gave him a headband to match theirs, and beckoned for him to march
alongside them as they advanced down the path to their village.

Buttplug couldn't understand their language, but as dawn broke over the horizon,
he thought he recognized their thin eyes, clever fingers and great love for
electronic gadgets.

"The Shibari," he whispered into Spirella's delectable ear as they approached a
cluster of strangely-shaped wooden structures surrounded by elegant gardens
filled with artfully-arranged stones of pleasing shapes and colors. "A politely
barbaric tribe from the far east. I have heard they aren't really dangerous, but
they have many rituals and very specific tribulations that they like to practice
on their females and, er, esteemed visitors."

Spirella twisted and thrashed excitedly, and not just because of the coarse
cords digging geometrically-symmetrical trenches in her limbs.

"Mmm mingggg!" she mumbled urgently through her gag.

"Don't worry, ma petite equestrianette. I snatched your precious cargo, not to
mention the rest of your stuff, while the Shibari were busy with your bitchin'
bindings. Besides, I don't think these are the chaps you're looking for. Shhhh,
best to play nice until we get to wherever we're going."

The captors and their trussed prey entered the largest of the buildings, which
was filled with painted screens, rough-hewn furniture, odd-looking scaffolding,
and a preponderance of pulleys hanging from the ceiling. Spirella and
Marie-Noelle were freed from their poles, only to be tied again in an extremely
elaborate fashion, including multiple windings around their breasts and hair,
and hoisted high into the air, their refined orifices exposed for the pleasure
and amusement of the men.

The shortest and most portly of the Shibari gestured excitedly at Buttplug and
began babbling in his strange tongue at a very rapid pace while his cohorts
busied themselves with various tasks, many which seemed to involve large rubber
bags festooned with clear plastic hoses.

"He's the leader," Buttplug translated. "He seems to be saying that you are the
Shibari's honored guests, and he wants to share his tribe's special form of
hospitality with you. Apparently, it involves some kind of...cleansing."

A few moments later, the purpose and intent of the rubber bags became painfully
apparent as Spirella and Marie-Noelle found their most private passages filled
to the point of bursting with warm, soapy water.

"Don't worry," Buttplug assured them, trying his very hardest not to enjoy his
companions' dire and somewhat disgusting predicament. "It's very healthy and
beneficial, or so I've been told."

After being instructed to release the contents of their bountiful bottoms into
chipped white pans held beneath them, the Shibari lowered them to the ground and
proceeded to take turns tying them up in some of the most fiendishly convoluted
positions Buttplug had ever witnessed. Limbs bent backwards at impossible
angles, scratchy ropes snaking around and across every inch of their elegant
epidermis, dangling from the scaffolding in positions best described as
"oblique," Spirella and Marie-Noelle were treated like beloved dolls in the
hands of older brothers.

After many hours of knotty diversions, the men invited Buttplug to join them in
another building where their regular women served them bowls of steaming rice
and plates piled high with strange delicacies from the sea, as well as copious
quantities of a clear liquid which made Buttplug's head feel like he had inhaled
a silo of snuff in one snort.

When they finished eating, one of the Shibari produced a wireless microphone and
began crooning a popular song about a far-off metropolis so great, its name had
to be repeated repeatedly in an off-key but heartfelt manner. Following much
applause, the rest of the men clamored for a turn, and Buttplug slinked away
unnoticed, his spirits much lightened by the day's unexpected turn of events.

"What took you so long?" shouted Spirella once Buttplug had untied and lowered
her.

"Ooooh, why did you hurry?" Marie-Noelle slurred, a contented smile replacing
the gag across her mouth.

"Snap out of it, Marie-Noelle!" Spirella growled at her semiconscious compadre.
"We must effect our escape forthwith! Buttplug, where is our pony gear! And the
ring! We must get away from this accursed village as fast as our hooves can
carry us!"

"Stop sweating. Like I told you, I stashed everything safely in a tree by the
path. And geez, what's your rush? I think Marie-Noelle wants to, er, hang around
a little longer."

"Not funny," Spirella hissed at Buttplug. "How would you like to spend the
entire day suspended from the ceiling by your...manhood?"

"Are you sure we can't stay the night?" Marie-Noelle inquired wistfully. "Or
maybe Buttplug should alert them to our escape so the Shibari can capture us
again..."

"Get real, Marie-Noelle! The Shibari are obviously a cruel, cunning and
dangerous clan. Their skillful masculine tricks have warped your fragile mind.
And you're not helping matters here, Buttplug. Now, let's get properly
accessorized and be on our way."

They tiptoed past the building where the sound of a Shibari warrior warbling
about his feelings more than compensated for the sound of their bare feet on the
well-manicured garden walkways.

"One hell of a hero you are," Spirella said to Buttplug once she had regained
her composure, as well as her harness, boots, saddle and much-missed chastity
belt. "How could you let the Shibari commit such heinous acts of affliction and
encumbrance to Marie-Noelle and me?"

"Oh sure, like I was going to take on an army of fierce warriors armed only with
claws that barely cut paper? And might I mention that I did come back to rescue
you as soon as I could?"

"Right, after you were properly fed and watered and tended by giggling geishas."

"Well, I'm sorry to hear it sucked so hard for you. Seemed to work okay for
Marie-Noelle, though."

Indeed, Marie-Noelle was greatly distracted in her reappointment of her
accoutrements, arranging her harness both upside down and backwards, and even
going so far as to stick one of her hands into a long white boot.

"Shinju...nawa...ryo-tekubi...ushiro takate kote...chokushin fudo ippon...no,
please, not the nose hooks..."

"Marie-Noelle, whatever are you talking about?" Spirella asked as she cinched
her stirrup straps and replaced the ring to its secure spot under her saddle.
"If I didn't know you better, I'd say you got dosed with a bad case of
brainwashing from the Shibaris."

"It wasn't just her brain that got washed back there," leered Buttplug.

"Oh, do cram it," Spirella sniffed. "Come, let us continue our trekking without
delay."

The menage a trois stomped onwards for many miles, their stony silence
punctuated only by Marie-Noelle's continued outbursts in the indecipherable
tongue of the Shibaris.

"Dojo...uke...kinbaku...sukaranbo...karada...must you bind my tongue as well,
sensei?"

"I fear my best friend may have a few eyelets missing in her corset, if you
catch my drift," observed Spirella to Buttplug.

"Well, nothing that a mind-shattering orgasm, or two, or ten, won't set to
right. Perhaps I could be of some assistance in that department..."

"Hush, crazy cat. What's that shimmering yonder in the distance?"

"Dunno. Looks like a lake or something. Awfully dark for water, though."

As the intrepid voyagers made their way closer, a pungent odor permeated their
nostrils.

"Hmmm, smells vaguely familiar," said Spirella. "Sort of like..."

"The Shibari's magic bags!" Marie-Noelle squealed as her flanks clenched
visibly.

"No, not that," Spirella gently reprimanded her clinically-addled associate.
"But in the same barn, that's for sure."

"It reminds me of something I once smelled in a hotel room at the annual
gathering," said Buttplug. "I was intrigued by the promise of many Furries in
cunning catsuits, and when I opened the door, my nose practically blew off my
face. Everybody was dressed from head to toe in..."

They arrived at the edge of the lake. Spirella cautiously dipped a hoof into the
gently undulating fluid, then quickly retracted it when she realized her
beautifully-polished boot had been covered with a shiny black substance that
resembled a mirror, only in reverse.

"Ye gods, it's a..." Spirella sputtered.

"Lake of Liquid Latex!" finished Buttplug. "Last one in's a rotten ovary!"

With that, Buttplug dove headfirst into the gleaming water, only to resurface a
second later desperately wiping the glossy substance away from his eyes and
mouth.

"Whoops, maybe it's best to wade in slowly. Who's next?"

"Me me me!" yelped Marie-Noelle as she splashed happily into the dark liquid,
coating her pristine white leather in slime noir.

"Oh, Marie-Noelle," admonished Spirella as she tried to grab her errant friend's
tail, "you've gone and...uh...uh...help!"

Spirella lost her footing on the bank of the lake and fell sideways into the
murky depths.

"Wheeee!" Marie-Noelle paddled over to her unhappy pal and began splashing latex
on the few spots on Spirella's body that weren't covered in black goo.

"Stop that this instant, Marie-Noelle! You'll ruin the lining on my...ohmigod!
The ring! Where did it go?"

Spirella wrenched herself around and desperately searched under her saddle, only
to find nothing more than another layer of runny rubber between the leather and
her skin.

"Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck!" Spirella screamed at the top of her lungs.

"At your cervix, darling," Buttplug snarked as he swam lazily past the perturbed
ponygirl.

"Help me find the ring, Buttplug! It's got to be around here somewhere!"

"Oh great, like it's going to be real easy to see something that's sunk to the
bottom of this particular puddle."

"Well, don't just stand there," Spirella wailed. "Start diving!"

"What, stick my face in this gunk? I might be kinky, but I'm really not into
serious sensory deprivation."

"Marie-Noelle!" Spirella cried as she began wrestling with the laces running up
her thighs. "Take off your boots like me and feel around with your toes!"

"Ewww, do you have any idea what might be down there?"

"No, but we're all going to find out right this instant!"

Spirella took a deep breath and plunged downwards into the murk.

"Aw, geez...the things we do for higher species," Buttplug sighed as he followed
suit.

Much thrashing and gasping ensued as the two brave aquanauts explored the bottom
of the Lake of Liquid Latex while Marie-Noelle cheered on her friends, secretly
luxuriating in the unmentionably greasy sensations against her skin.

Many moments later, Buttplug popped to the surface holding the gag between his
teeth, since his claws were much too slippery to gain a secure grasp.

"Got it!" he choked. "Although I feel a bit funny all of a sudden..."

"That's great...oh, no! Buttplug, spit out the ring!" Spirella shouted.

"Wow, this is truly weird," Buttplug gulped. "Here I always figured I was 100
percent hetero, but man, I could really get into a nice, big, juicy, thick,
throbbing..."

Spirella stumbled over to Buttplug and yanked the silver circle out of his
mouth.

"Hey, watch it, bitch! I swear, you pushy breeders are all the same...thilly
thavages, the lot of you. Christ, did I just say what I think I said?"

"Take a deep breath, Buttplug," Spirella counseled from practical experience.
"The dire effects of the ring should wear off in a moment or two."

"I like girls, I like girls, I like girls," Buttplug chanted as he sat down on
the banks of the Lake of Liquid Latex and began wringing out his tail.

"How will we ever remove this icky coating from our skin, much less our leather
apparel?" Spirella wondered aloud.

"Oh, must we bother?" inquired Marie-Noelle hopefully. "I quite enjoy the effect
myself, alternating between great heat and clammy cold. And it shows off our
graceful limbs to marvelous effect."

"Oh, behave," Spirella said as she tried to peel off a layer from her forearm.
"Rubber is best deployed on the walls of cells for lunatics and readers of
hyphenated newsgroups."

"But what if it rains?" Marie-Noelle pleaded. "What if we want to go surfing? Or
snorkeling? Latex is so practical as protection against the elements..."

"Nice try, but as they say around the water trough on a blistering afternoon,
enough!"

The two ponygirls bickered for the rest of the day as they methodically removed
the residue from their maritime escapades, while Buttplug continued to fret
about the aftermath of his taking the ring in his mouth.

"Well, sure, I'm often happy," he muttered to himself, "not to mention spirited,
fun-loving, glad, joyful and cheerful on occasion, but I am most definitely not
g-g-g..."

They made their camp on the shores of the Lake of Liquid Latex, vowing to press
forward at double their current rate to compensate for the day's distractions.

"Given the events of last night, I think we'd better set a watch," Spirella
observed as the last embers in their fire lost their golden glow. "Who will go
first?"

"What the heck, I can't sleep anyway," replied Buttplug. "You appaloosas vamoose
to the land of nod, capiche?"

"What did he just say?" Marie-Noelle yawned extravagantly, trying hard not to
reveal to Spirella that she had not yet removed the leftover black goop from her
nether regions.

"Hit the hay, girl," Buttplug translated. "I'll wake one of you up if I need
relief."

Of course, Buttplug fell asleep mere minutes after he made this pronouncement,
only to awaken several hours later by the noise of great wings flapping
overhead.

"Fuck me," Buttplug scowled as he squinted into the darkness. "Sounds like
tarns."

Within the space of seconds, he was proven correct as he, Spirella and
Marie-Noelle were quickly subdued by a party of swarthy raiders riding huge
taloned birds, and rendered unconscious via a virulent potion administered in a
fashion not often recommended for anyone past the age of consent.

When the tormented tourists finally awoke, the ponygirls found themselves in a
dark, smoky and smelly room stripped of their rawhide accoutrements, their
bodies bound severely in chains, bracelets and heavy leather collars, while
Buttplug reclined opulently on a pile of furs.

"They think I'm something called a 'larl,'" he explained as he stretched his
limbs and tried not to purr. "And they've never seen a purple one before, so
they're being extra careful with me."

"What has happened to us?" Spirella inquired as she shimmied with much futility
while Marie-Noelle adopted the smug look of someone unexpectedly upgraded to
first class.

"I have heard rumors about the existence of the legendary Gorcs," Buttplug began
explaining, "but Furries always dismissed the stories as fantasy of the lowest
order, science friction for knuckle-dragging heathens too dim for Hogwarts."

"As usual, you make no sense," Spirella interrupted. "All I know is that we're
being held prisoner in what looks like a dinosaur's rec room, Marie-Noelle and I
are heartlessly constrained while you're lounging around, I've lost the ring, I
need to pee wicked bad, and our grand outing will be a total wash if we
don't..."

"Surely now," boomed a man who entered the room suddenly, "you do not allow your
slaves, stinking, meaningless, lascivious little beasts whose sexuality,
shamelessness, needs and helplessness make them worthy of nothing more than
excessive whipping, to speak to you thusly?"

The stranger strode into the room with the seething confidence of a dragon
facing a knight armed with a bucket of water as Buttplug scrambled upright
hastily. Dressed in a tunic and long boots of soft leather, he ignored the
shocked stares of Spirella and Marie-Noelle and addressed Buttplug directly.

"You stand on two feet. Curious. Are you man or larl? The initiates are much
confused by your appearance, and seek immediate clarification."

"Uh, let's go with larl for now," Buttplug replied cautiously. "New breed, very
top secret. And these two are my trusted, er...what do you call your weirdo
horses again?"

"Kaiila, terrifying but beautiful, lofty, stately, fanged and silken, they can
cover as much as six hundred pasangs in a single day's riding," the Gorc
responded with what he believed to be eloquence. "But my fellow freemen are
familiar with the pathetic genus of overdressed quadrupeds which you call
'ponygirl.'"

"Pathetic?" Spirella shrieked. "Overdressed? Hey, look who's talking,
Fringeboy."

"Quiet, slave! Man-larl, I must insist that you gag these insolent wenches
before my ears convince my hand to plunge my sacramasax, with wine-tempered
blade of fine, double-edged steel, carried even at the siege of Argh, so long
ago, directly into their hearts."

"Your whatsis? Hey, speaking of gags, we seemed to have misplaced one. A silver
circle and some old straps, goes by the name 'ring,' last seen stuffed under the
big gal's saddle..."

"Big?" Spirella exclaimed. "Why, I've lost five pounds at least on this trip
alone, and my instructor in pointless perpetual motion says I can probably slim
down to a size four after a few more..."

"Enough, kajira!" the man bellowed. "Is this what you were looking for?"

He produced a ring gag from beneath his tunic and proceeded to strap it around
Spirella's head.

"Uh, yeah, that's the one, I think," Buttplug answered. "Except hers was more
decrepit, as I recall. She said it was pretty old and probably very valuable.
Definitely cursed, too," he added with a shudder.

"Valuable?" the man scoffed as he reached under his tunic again. "These gags are
as common as rennels in the sands of the Southern Plains," he laughed as he
produced another one and inserted it into Marie-Noelle's fairly receptive mouth.

"Uh, yeah, I can see that," Buttplug said warily as he observed the power of the
rings taking effect on his former friends. "So how come Spirella and
Marie-Noelle, um, these incoherent, worthless, er, bargain-basement, ah, Swatch
dogs and Diet Cokeheads thought it was something important?"

"I can answer that," neighed a feminine voice outside the door.

"Tal, Fanfic," said the man, nodding curtly to the mature ponywoman as she
clip-clopped slowly into the room.

"Tal to you, too, Tarl Gruntwig," Fanfic replied, raising a hoof in salute. "I
see our latest acquisition expedition was eminently successful."

"Yes, you have done well once again," the man said, nodding at the thoroughly
confused captives in the corner. "The willowy one, she is white silk?"

"Alas, I fear that the Shibari opened her during an unplanned encounter en route
to Port Kar," Fanfic replied.

"The careless fools!" the man grumbled. "We shall send an army forthwith to
smite them for their audacity in defiling the rightful property of Gorcs."

"Aw, the little guys didn't know any better," injected Buttplug. "Besides, she's
still a peach. Show 'em your teeth, Marie-Noelle. And hey, if you don't want
her, I'd be happy to take her off..."

"Silence, man-larl," the man commanded. "Fanfic, this soiling of the goods is
unacceptable, and shall result in a drastic reduction in your fee."

"Not so fast, Tarl Gruntwig," the mare countered testily. "Our agreement was for
two fresh ponygirls, period. Nobody mentioned the state of their silkiness, or
any other conditions. I will be paid 20 silver tarsks apiece, or you can find
another purveyor of pulchritude for your slave stables."

"Very well, Fanfic," the man concluded as he withdrew the coins from a leather
pouch on his waist. "Same time next month?"

"Absolutely," she smiled. "Lots more where these two lovelies come from. Well, I
need to do some shopping before I head back to Snobbiton. Ta tal, all."

With that, Fanfic spun on her hooves and cantered out of the room as the Gorc
turned his full attention to Spirella and Marie-Noelle's quivering, glistening
bodies.

"The time has come for your training to begin," he intoned. "We shall start with
nadu. On your knees, back straight, with your palms on your thighs...you dare to
delay, she-sleen?"

"Hmm, I can see you've got a big day ahead of you here, so I'll just be moseying
along," Buttplug said as he began backing slowly out of the room while Spirella
and Marie-Noelle scrambled to the floor. "Don't worry, I can show myself out.
Ciao, er, tal, um, whatever, dude..."

"Wait, man-larl of excessively unique coloration," the Gorc barked. "We have
unfinished business between us."

Buttplug gulped as a glimmering of the ring's ghastly sway fluttered through his
paralyzed psyche.

"You have done your species proud in the transport of the new slaves to me," the
man solemnly intoned. "For your efforts, you shall be amply rewarded."

He pulled five silver coins from his purse and pressed them into Buttplug's
Day-Glo paw.

"Wow, cool!" Buttplug said with obvious relief. "You're good people, even if you
haven't taken a bath for the last three hundred pages."

"Tell me, man-larl, what is your given name?" the man queried.

"Uh, Butt...er, John," Buttplug stuttered. "John Holmes."

"Well, Tarl Holmes of the John, are there others of your species from the land
of your Home Stone?"

"Sure!" Buttplug replied cheerfully. "Not as authentic as me, of course, but
yeah, there are loads of Furries, not just cats, but dogs too, and foxes, and
mice, and tigers, and bunnies, lots of bunnies, and just about any creature you
can imagine, and more than a few you can't, or really don't want to."

"I would be most interested in meeting some of the females of your tribe," the
Gorc smiled. "Perhaps you could arrange to deliver a few specimens for my
inspection in a manner similar to the arrival of these knee walkers."

"Very do-able," Buttplug said, his tongue inadvertently massaging his whiskers.
"But I might need one of those magic mouth thingies as bait."

"You can purchase a huda of rings for a copper tarn from the merchants of Port
Kar," the man said with a wink.

"Huh?" Buttplug shrugged. "Suit yourself, I'm easy. Well, nice doing business
with you."

"I shall anticipate your return to Gorc in not less than five hands," the man
said as he returned his gaze to the two ponygirls bowing on the floor. "Did I
not command you to maintain a straight back? Look up! Split your knees! More
widely, slut! That's better. We shall now test the properties of the rings,
starting with the larger one. Yes, you! Stop scowling at me like that! Har-ta!"

Buttplug grinned as he left the room, his mind filled with extravagant tales of
enchanted jewelry, inescapable destiny and bard-worthy bravery with which he
would ply many female Furries in the days, weeks and months to come.

"Peace on you, Tarl Holmes of the John!" the Gorc called out behind him.

"Goddamned watersport freaks," Buttplug muttered as he groped for his pouch of
catnip.



###

Copyright (c) 2001 by Adrian Hunter and Chelsea Shepard. All rights reserved.

AdrianHunter.com

Superlative bondage fiction, including our brand new BDSM novel, "Once Bitten"

http://www.adrianhunter.com

Correspondence: adrian (underscore) hunter (at) hotmail (dot) com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Adrian Hunter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





