BDSM Library - Unrelenting Desire




Unrelenting Desire
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Captive girl, who suffers, and fights her fears to find comfort in the end.
Unrelenting Desires

By loreilei/lil`tigress

Magician walked down to the dungeons, deep under the castle...entering a cell
where his knights have brought the captives from the last raid.  Lilee listens
to the footsteps coming closer.. wondering.. waiting.. her nerves.. Making her
body quiver.. What will happen? why.. Is she here.. What did she do to deserve
this treatment? Magician steps inside the cell...sees the villagers huddled
close together...smiles as he walks around them, spotting her he advances. 
Lilee tilts her head down trying not to catch his eye, as she looks sideways
examining him.. herself.. Slowly sliding her knees back... as he stands over her
as sits upon the cold floor, legs tugged under her...takes in her shapely form
barely hidden by the simple knee length shift she wears.  Lilee looked down at
his fine shiny boots.. Seeing his leggings made of the finest of silks... her
fingers splaying out on the floor.. As she slowly backs away nervous as to why
he stopped in front of her.. Her eyes not daring to look up at him.  Magician
taps his left boot...sees her eyes glued to the small movement... suddenly he
speaks in a dark voice...stand up, peasant girl.  Lilee watches his foot tapping
the stone floor.. And jumped suddenly as she heard his voice.. Glancing up
almost unwilling.. But quickly rises to stand in front of him... not sure of
what would happen if she didn't of that she did not want to find out.  Magician
smiles at her swift reaction, feels a shiver of pleasure as he sees her bare
calves tremble slightly from fear, cold or both...whispers...tell me your name,
girl.  Lilee glanced up at him seeing a smile... her body.. Quivering.. Not sure
of why it is reacting so.. Nerves.. Anticipation.. Scared.. Not sure..  My name
is Lilee Sir. Magician takes a crop from a guard and presses its handle under
her delicate chin. Lifting her head and looking down into her beautiful face...
and smiles.. "You shall entertain me tonight, Lilee."	Lilee swallowed feeling
the crop lifting her head to gaze into his eyes.. Seeing the deep in them.. Her
face becoming flushed from his words... entertain.. Wondering what kind of
entertainment.. How.. She would... her body trembling.  Magician puts a leather
gloved hand on her slim shoulder...guides her out of the cell into a long dark
corridor...taking her deeper into the dungeon.  Lilee felt her heart beating
fast as the leather-clad hand was laid upon her shoulder. Propelling her forward
her feet, body. Moving almost willingly.. Even though her mind says no.. Looking
at the long.. Corridor.. Her breath catching in her throat as she was guided
deeper, into the darkness only the scones on the walls for light.

Magician hears her soft footsteps as he bare feet step into the muddy water....
feeling her flinching while she gasped at the sounds she heard, the pitiful
cries and moans from behind locked doors.  Lilee tilted her head down listening.
To the sounds.. The echoes of sounds from others.. Behind.. Thick, large wooden
doors.  Unable to see in.. But hearing.. The moans.. Not sure if they are from
delight.. Or pain.. The cold water.. She is stepping through makes her shiver..
At the cool dampness as they are moving deeper into the depths of darkness.

Magician finally makes them stop before a large wooden door... a small bench and
a basket stand beside the door.... pressing upon her shoulder, making her sit
down on the bench, seeing her toes curled in anticipation or fear he is not sure
yet, but his voice soft but with still a menacing sound to it.  Put all of your
belongings into the basket, girl she was ordered.  Lilee glanced down as she is
almost pulled back, looking at a bench, feeling it under her, glancing up at him
hearing his words, hoping that, he really is not intending for her to remove her
shift.  But glancing up at him she sees him nodding realizing that she is to
take off all that she has on, knowing he meant exactly that.  Slowly taking the
edge of the shift and pulling upwards... tugging it off feeling her full breasts
shake as the confining material allows them freedom... her gaze always
downwards, as she dropped the shift into the basket. Her arms almost
instantaneously reaching to cover her breasts and her mound.  Magician let his
eyes walk over her now naked skin... Seeing her shivering in the cool dungeon
air... Her trembling hands trying to hide her modesty from his piercing looks,
his leather gloved hand reached out to touch her cheek looking down at her face. 
Open the door and step inside, Lilee. The feel of his gloved hand upon her face
her eyes still downcast.. Her skin rippling from her nerves.. A blush covering
her body at this stranger viewing her thusly... hearing what she is to do..
Wondering what to uncover to do so, as she rises and turns towards the door.


Quickly removing her hand from her breasts and pulling the wooden door open..
She stepped inside.. Not lifting her gaze to look around.  Magician with his
hand upon the small of her back... gently urging her onwards, when she hesitates
as they step into the room... the torchlight illuminating a large wooden
table...one wall decorated with cuffs and straps, the other hooks with whips and
crops hanging on it.  Lilee felt his hand upon her back urging her forward, as
she glanced up her heart in her throat as she saw all kinds of implements of
torture hanging upon the walls.  The large table almost glowing from the
candlelight making it a showpiece her heart racing her feet wanting to run but
knowing that he would stop her if she tried.  Magician saw her jump as he pushes
the door to snap shut behind them.  Slowly walking to her side as she takes in
the room, smelling the fear and agony.... as he whispers almost sweetly into her
ear, I want you to go to the wall with the cuffs, to face it.  Lilee closed her
eyes hearing his words.. Holding them shut for a moment.. As she then, looked
up, then heading towards the wall looking up at the cuffs, knowing that she
should do it willingly or suffer more than what she was already going to. Facing
the wall for she doesn't want to turn... knowing her fear is showing very
plainly on her face. 

Hearing him walking behind her... showing no emotion as she turns her head and
looks back at him with pleading eyes... as he presses his left knee into her
back, pinning her tender body to the cold stone wall before her lifts her
arms... forcing her on her toes as her wrists are cuffed above her head.  The
feel of his knee forcing her against the wall.. Feeling the roughness as he
pulls her arms upwards.. Feeling the cold metal cuffs being bound about her
wrists.. Pulling her upwards high enough so that she rests only on the balls of
her feet feeling a whimper rising in her throat.  Magician slides his finger
over her arms...gently stroking her skin letting his hands wander over her
spine...his breath in her ear as he speaks, asking her "Tell me did you ever
feel the kiss of a whip?"

Feeling his finger caressing her arm.. So gentle.. His hands.. Gently following
her spine, his breath in her ear.. Her own breath catching in her throat..
Unbelieving what she is hearing him ask.... as she answers so softly "No Sir
have never felt the whip" As her thoughts roam thinking... kiss from something
so nasty. How can it kiss? As a kiss is so gentle.  Magician moves over to take
a whip from the other wall... and letting it crack upon the stones beside her
feet.. He smiled as she cried out, not letting the cry finish as the whip
descended upon her pale calves.  Lilee listened to the sounds he was making ..
Her eyes pressed tightly closed.. As she jumps at the sound of the whip snapping
near her.. A scream unbidden from her throat which is halted as the pain of it
snapping upon her calves... her head shaking not believing what she is feeling. 
Magician sees her feet dance in pain as the whip continues to hit her thighs,
her skin undamaged but reddening under the blows.  Her screams louder but
muffled as she presses her head against the wall.   The squeels that were torn
from her throat with each snap of the whip touching her.. Thinking to herself..
Kiss.. This hurts.. It is not nice.. As she lifted one foot or the other each
time he snapped it against her body.. Her whimpers... turning to sobs.. As she
feels each and every stinging snap.  The pain running through her body...
quivering with each sound.. Her own voice echoing around the room almost as if
it is edging him on.

Magician breathing faster himself as she cries out in pain, lifting the whip
once more, hitting her shapely butt, a bit harder then the legs, before moving
on to her back, the whip kissing her spine he touched so gently before. 

Lilee feels the whip snapping upon her ass.. Her hips thrusting into the cold
stone wall trying to get away... a scream escapes from her throat.. Making even
him almost smile at the sound as she feels, the now almost like a tenderness
upon her back... Her head.. Still shaking no.. Not believing where she is.. What
is happening.. Not caring. . Just wanting it all over with.  Magician stands
back the whip hanging loosely at his side...her scream going on for a few
moments after the last has fallen.  Walking closer to her as she catches her
breath, he quickly undoes the cold metal cuffs allowing her body to slink to the
cold floor.   Lilee feels his hands upon her almost before she realized he had
moved.. feeling her arms.. Stiff.. Released her body not able to hold her up as
she drops to the floor to curl up, whispering softly.. Thank you Sir.. Almost
not caring what he will do to her next just so long as the whip has stopped..
Not realizing that things could if he wished would get worse.

Magician sees her slide to the floor, her legs week after the cruel whipping....
gets down on one knee beside her head as she lies curled up, his hand stroking
her soft hair, now mated with dust and mud,  "Look at me, Lilee."  Lilee not
sure really how she came to be upon the floor, if it was the weakness of her
body.. Or what.. Curling up.   Feeling the pain upon her back... feeling his
tenderness upon her hair.. Lifting her head to gaze up at him... feeling the
tears not yet dried upon her face.  Magician lets her hair curl between his
fingers as he speaks.... it is not over yet... you will go to the table over
there and lay down for me... as he remembers that he hasn't fully seen her
breasts and mound yet.

Lilee swallowed glancing at the table.. Feeling his fingers holding her hair...
listening.. As she slowly rises to head towards the table... feeling the edge of
the table against her hips... slowly sliding her body up on it.. As she closes
her eyes while laying down, her body tingling from the whipping rubbing against
the rough wood.  Magician smiles as she lays on her back, her hand still
covering her mound and breasts, strokes her ankles before tying them to the
leather straps, parting her legs only slightly... forcing her hands from her
body as he ties them above her head.  Lilee kept her eyes closes as she feels
his hands pulling her legs slightly open, feeling the leather binding them in
that position.. Gasping as he pulls her hands from her body... binding them
upwards.. Almost wanting ... no.. Begging please.. Oh please Sir.. Be gentle
with me.. Please.

Hearing his laughter at her begging realizing that she is doing what he wants
what he craves.  Magician chuckles at her pleas her thin voice loud in the cold
room. Seeing the Goosebumps covering over her body as he reached forward and
caressed her tummy... "I fear I wont be gentle, Lilee."

Lilee bites her lips closed as she feels his hand upon her leg.. Her body.. Her
tummy... hearing that gentleness is something that will not happen.  Magician
makes her look up.... sees her eyes widen as the opens a trapdoor over her....
clamps attached to thin strings tumble out onto her tummy.. The metal cold on
her soft skin.  Lilee felt his hand upon her.. Almost urging her to open her
eyes seeing his hand opening a door in the ceiling watching as clamps.. Tumble
out to hand the cold metal.. Touching her skin... a scream rising unbidden at
the thoughts of the cruelty of the clamps that could be wrought upon her poor
body.

Magician hears and rejoices in her screams even before she is yet again covered
in agony... as he kisses and blows gently upon her nipples, hardening them
against her will before putting a clamp on the left one.  Lilee feels his
pleasure in her screams wanting to try and not oblige him.. But her body.. Her
fears.. Making her do so, feeling his kisses so tender upon her breasts... as
her nipples harden.. Stiffening against her will.  Swallowing as Goosebumps form
from his breath across the dampened skin.. A shriek at the sudden pain upon her
nipple as the pinching clamp is applied her body jerking in response as the pain
flows through her body.. Almost begging him.. To not do it again. But seeing in
his eyes that pleading.. Begging is what he wants.. What urges him onward. 
Magician sees her helpless body jerk under his hands... hits her tummy with his
bare hand. "Keep still, girl." Then he quickly attached the clamp on her other
nipple, his eyes fixed on the pain in her face.  Lilee felt the slap on his hand
upon her tummy.. As she tries to hold herself still.. Her eyes closing, as a
scream rips from her gentle mouth. The pain .. Flowing into her.. Her nipples on
fire.. Her body quivering.. As it almost feels as if her body is enveloping the
pain.. As it seems to be easing off.. Not sure why.. Her mind.. Nothing but
scared of what will come.

Magician takes one more clamp and slides it over her pussy lips...sees her eyes
fly open and shake her head... smiling as she begs him not to do it, finally
shows some pity and puts the clamp on the soft skin above her anus.. Holding her
lips together at the bottom.  Lilee swallows feeling his fingers slowly
caressing her mound.... her lips.. Her words.. Shaking her head back and
forth... begging him.. A scream.. Echoing around the room... as the pain of the
clamp.. Making her body jerk in its bonds.. Tears flowing unwillingly from he
eyes.. As she lays there feeling the pain from the clamp a sheen of perspiration
covering her body.

Magician starts to turn a small wheel.... the strings tightening and pulling the
clamps upwards, slowly pulling on her skin. Lilee feels a scream slowly rising
in pitch as she feels her nipples being pulled upwards. Her pussy... almost
quivering itself in the pain that is forced upon it.. Her body almost jerking in
response to the added pain. Not realizing that her moving was only making it all
worse.. Her whimpers almost continuous as she tries to lay still her mind
telling her if only her body would listen.  Magician goes on pulling, among her
screams and pleas.. Seeing her breasts stretched... and only stops as her
screams get shriller and then he lowers the string a bit before locking the
wheel in place. Lilee laid there quivering, her body tense... the screaming she
hears stops suddenly when the intense pain is lessened. Her whimpers.. The only
sound as her mind registers that it was her doing that ungodly screaming.

Magician cradles her head in his hand and lifts it, giving her some water to
drink...smiles as she gulps it down, the cool liquid mixing with her tears on
the wood.  Lilee feeling his hand... lifting her head as she drinks the cool
water slackens the parchness of her throat. Glancing up at him, seeing his
smile, which looked so warm, her mind not believing the contrast of such a smile
to the cruelty he is delivering to her body.. But whispering thanks for the
drink as she runs her tongue over her lips.. Still swallowing at the pain upon
her body.  Magician gently lays her head back before preparing her last
torment.... leaves only to return with an armful of candles that he places in
small holes that line the table, making sure the wicks point over her
body...though not too close, not wanting to damage her soft skin.

Lilee glanced around at the candles as he set them in place so that they are
almost poised over her body. Not thinking of what that could mean. His
gentleness belying the harshness that he is extorting from her body.  Lilee
glanced around at the candles as he sets them.. So that they.. Are almost poised
over her body.. Not thinking of what that could mean.. His gentleness belying
the harshness that he is raining down upon her body.  Magician positions the
candles so the will drip their hot wax onto her legs and tummy...taking care not
to drip on her stretched breasts for now, and then he gently kissed her brow and
lights them.  Lilee watched unable to close her eyes almost unwilling.. Feeling
his kisses upon her forehead as he starts to light them her mind wandering as to
why, what was he going to do to her, what did she do to deserve this treatment. 
The warmth.. Of the first one.. As it drips its wax slowly drop by drop upon her
leg.. Her screams... starting... with each drop almost an almost constant
dripping going around her body over and over.  Magician watched her as she
screams from the feeling as if a hundred hot needles seem to pierce her
skin...take a candle in his hands... dripping its wax around the nipple clamps. 
Lilee rocks her head back and forth.. As the hot wax. Dribbles down upon her
clamped nipples.. The pain.. From them still flowing through her body... as the
wax slowly coats the clamps her eyes almost forced by their own will to look up
at him her pussy damp her mind not sure why.  Magician tilts the candle over her
yet untouched pussy lips...dripping only a few drops before her screams get
shriller, when suddenly he stopped deciding to stop and blows the candle out,
quickly removing her bonds.

Lilee hears a scream.. So shrill not sure where it is coming from just the
feeling of hot wax upon her pussy... the jerking of her body making the clamps
pull more so unable to stop wanting to escape the pain only making it more so,
suddenly.. Feeling the hot drips stopping her eyes opening not believing his
hands are unbinding her.. Almost begging for anything else but that pain.. Not
realizing how her body has craved it for her cunt is dripping with her juices
that flowed.  Magician removes his gloves and strokes her delicate face with his
hands, whispers, and stand up and I will lead you out of this room.  Lilee feels
his hand upon her face the caresses so gentle now as she obeys him, rising
slowly to stand beside the table.. Her body weak but still obeying him. 
Magician has his hand under her left armpit as he helps her out of the dungeon,
leading her to a small cave where hot underground springs fill copper bathtubs. 
Lilee felt her body propelled forward, her mind off between floating in space
and still filled with a tinge of fear while her body was feeling the warmth of
the steam, bringing her back before she even saw the springs.  Magician told her
to "Go on, girl.... wash yourself."  Lilee slipped into the springs and quickly
washed herself.. Feeling the warmth almost healing her body as she glances up at
him every so often as she cleansed herself. Seeing an almost tenderness about
his face wandering why... oh why did he torture her so then and now be so very
caring and gentle, her heart was wavering and why she was not sure.  Magician
leaned in the doorway as she cleansed her body of the wax and washed the cruelty
away that he had bestowed upon her.  Smiling to himself as her wet hair was
plastered to her face, then shaking himself back from his reverie he ordered her
out.  Enough, Lilee, come here to me now."

Lilee quickly rose striding towards him, her body damp from the waters, for she
noticed not a towel or even a rag to dry herself off gazing up into his soulful
eyes as she stood before him.  Magician lifted her in his arms and carried her
up into the castle, the eyes of the servants on her naked body... as he took her
to his chambers.  Lilee felt his strong arms about her.. As she was lifted so
easily.. Curling up in his arms as he moved upwards through the castle.. She
could feel stranger's eyes upon her. But not daring to look up her body pink
from the springs with red marks showing here and there over it.  Magician sat
her down on his warm and soft bed... smiling down at her as she looked up at
him.  He whispered, "Are you hungry, girl?"  Lilee nodded slowly.. Hearing his
words.. Her body ravenous.. As she relaxed upon his bed.. Smiling slowly up at
him feeling a faint blush covering her body as she realized fully that she was
nude.  Her senses totally returning to her, but not moving, not even caring now
as she gazed almost wantonly at him.  Magician gave her an apple, and watched
her chew on it as he started to remove his clothes... slowly, his eyes fixed on
her naked form.  Lilee sat there slowly biting upon the apple breaking the skin
as she chewed, slowly swallowing.. Blushing as she continued to watch him her
eyes unwavering as he slowly stripped.  Feeling his eyes upon her even though
she was staring at his body.  Magician sat down beside her, their hips and legs
touching, his arm going slowly around her shoulders as he kissed her neck. 
Lilee's heart started to pound the minute his lips touched her skin it felt as
if an electrical charge was coursing through her. 

Lilee felt his body touching.. Hers.. his arm.. around her.. His kisses upon her
neck the gentleness.. belying what he had done to her earlier.. Her body..
Quivering in the excitement.. Almost wanting him to take it all.  Magician
"Touch me, Lilee, please your Lord and all will be well."  Magician kissed her
mouth... tenderly over and over, little kisses that were building in passion. 
Lilee responded gazing at first into his eyes as his lips gently touched hers. 
Her hand she slowly placed upon his leg, they both could feel the nervousness
there but feeling the warmth.. As their lips touched, his urging.. her own
parting.. responding.. as her hand slowly caressed his leg.

Magician cupped the breasts he had tormented before, kissing her nipples gently
as his hand slid down over her tummy... seeking her soft mound.  Lilee sighed
softly feeling his kisses upon her nipples.. His fingers slowly.. Caressing her
skin.. Searching out her womanless.

Her dampness growing.. Her desires of wanting more increasing.. Her passion
building as she responded to his kiss as her fingers sought out his cock feeling
its hardness under them.

Magician moved his hips, making his cock meet her eager hands... his fingers
dipping into her wetness, two fingers starting at first to explore her pussy. 
Lilee gasped feeling his fingers entering her pussy.. Feeling them... teasing
her.. Her hips reacting .. Thrusting forward as his cock pulsed its own beat in
her tiny fingers. Magician had his other hand on her neck... pushing her head
down almost gently wanting to feel her mouth guiding her head to his crotch,
feeling her warm breath on his member... as his fingers explored her deeper.

Lilee swallowed feeling his hand upon her head pulling it downwards.. Her eyes
growing huge at the thoughts of what he could possible want.. Slowly almost
without realizing she kissed the tip of his cock feeling it almost jerk under
the touch of her lips, as her body quivered from his fingers thrusting in
deeper.. Feeling them wiggling inside her.. As her hips squirmed upon them. 
Magician pressed his palm upon her body as the fingers entered all the way...
Whispering, "Take me in your mouth, girl."

Slowly Lilee kissed the tip of his cock, her tongue flickering out over the top
swallowing as she felt it jerk with the touch, and suddenly almost surprising
him she opened her mouth and took the whole tip in running her tongue around it
as he gasped at the pleasure of feeling her warm moist mouth covering his cock. 
Magician felt his cock starting to throb as she sucked gently at first then as
she continued to do so almost with an innate sense of what she was to do, she
started to slowly draw more of him into her mouth.  Slowly sliding back and
forth all the while sucking as he thrust into her pussy.  The more she sucked
the faster he pounded at her pussy, rotating his thumb so that with each inward
thrust it mashed against her clit. 

Lilee could feel each thrust against her clit making her body jerk and shiver,
as she continued to suck and swallow his cock and with each downward thrust
taking more and more into her mouth.  Magician slipped his other hand under her
and slowly searching out her nipples.. First one then the other rolling them
between his fingers tugging at them feeling them stiffening under his touch.  As
Lilee wiggled and squirmed under his touch, she was moaning around his cock. 
Suddenly he grabbed her by the hair and pulling her head up, while keeping his
fingers buried inside of her pussy, motioned for her to lay back on the bed. 
Watching as she moved almost making certain that his fingers stayed inside as
she did so, Lilee laid back and looking up at him, held her arms up inviting him
into them.  Magician pulled his fingers out and almost the same instant thrust
his hips forward burying his cock in her, hearing her gasp and feeling her
fingers gripping his biceps as he did so.

Lilee squealed with each thrust her pussy clenching his cock, but she never once
wanted him to pull out, without realizing she started to lift her hips to meet
his, each other striving for more of the other. Lilee pulling at him wrapping
her legs around Magician's hips, as he was thrusting into her, she was arcing up
meeting him, both growling in their desires, their sexual proclivities being so
much so that they were almost ravishing the other.  Finally Lilee felt him arch
his pelvic thrusting deep as she growled feeling his cock swelling inside her
cunt, with his next thrust Magician moaned so long and loudly that even the
servants the next floor down heard him, but realizing what was happening didn't
come running.  Lilee felt her own insides gripping at his cock squeezing as
their juices joined mixing together inside of her.  Finally Magician dropped
down onto the bed and pulled Lilee into his arms slowly caressing and rocking
her as he whispered into her ear "My dear girl you are a true pleasure and I do
believe I will keep you, for you have brought me extreme pleasure tonight." 
With that Lilee curled up in his arms feeling a sense of security from the
results of everything that had previously happened to her.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  loreilei


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





