BDSM Library - Police Rape of Sally and Rebecca




Police Rape of Sally and Rebecca
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: "Police Rape of Sally and Rebecca" is a story about a mother and daughter stopped by the police in a small town far away from home. They are sexually humiliated, anally rape, whipped, assaulted and forced to perform various sexual acts with and in front of many people. They submit to these acts to prevent the other from going through the same thing..  This story is for entertainment only. Copyrighted by Powerone. See my other stories of Rebecca.
{ASSM} POLICE RAPE OF SALLY AND REBECCA {Powerone} 
(MMMMM+Fg, nc, ped, rape, anal, bd, virg, oral, reluc, humiliation.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Police Rape of Sally and Rebecca" is a story about a mother and 
daughter stopped by the police in a small town far away from home.   They 
are sexually humiliated, assaulted and forced to perform various sexual 
acts with and in front of many people.  They submit to these acts to 
prevent the other from going through the same thing..  This story is for 
entertainment only.  Copyrighted by Powerone.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------




Police Rape of Sally and Rebecca

Stopped By the Police


	Rebecca and her mother, Sally were travelling from Phoenix, 
Arizona to there new home in Los Angeles.  They had purchased a used 
car at an unbelievably low price before leaving and was waiting until 
getting to California to get it registered.   

	Rebecca was a beautiful 13-year-old.  She already had a mature 
body for her age, with large breasts and a firm ass, but was very na�ve 
regarding sex.  Her mother had tried to keep her away from boys until she 
got older.  Sally had gotten pregnant at an early age and did not want that 
to happen to Rebecca.  Sally had just gotten divorced.  Ever since she 
became pregnant, she did not care for sex.  After many years of her 
husband trying to coax her into an active sex role, he had given up and left 
them both.  Sally was relieved, as her husband was always trying to get 
her to perform oral and anal sex with her, but she had refused.  

	They were driving along Highway 77 outside of a small town in 
Nevada when they noticed a police car was following them with its lights on. 

	"Oh, shit, I must have been speeding", exclaimed Sally, slowing the 
car down and pulling over the side of the road.  "I hope I won't get a 
ticket", she said.

	The Officer got out of the car and walked over to the driver's 
window.  "May I see your drivers license and registration, ma'am, he said.  
He was very large and muscular.  

	"I only have a license and a bill of sale.  I just bought the car and I 
am going to get it registered when I get to California", Sally said.

	"Your registration is expired, so I will have to check on the vehicle, 
please stay in the car and I will be back with you in a minute", the Officer 
said.

	They waited for over 10 minutes and could see the Officer talking to 
someone over his radio.  He finally got out of his car and was walking 
back over to them.  

	"We can finally get out of here", Sally said to Rebecca.

	"Would you both mind stepping out of the vehicle", the Officer said.

	"What's the matter", said Sally, getting nervous now.  They were on 
a deserted stretch of highway a long way from home.

	"The vehicle has been reported stolen in Arizona, so I am going to 
have to take you back to the headquarters and get this straightened out 
before you can be on your way.  If you cooperate, we can get this over 
painlessly and quick", the Officer exclaimed.  

	"Can I get you to step to the back of the vehicle, Ma'am, and you 
Miss, stay here and do not move", he ordered.

	Sally had an outstanding body.  She is 30 years old, and you 
could see where Rebecca got her figure.  She also had large breasts, and 
even at 30, there was not a hint of sag.  Her ass was firm.  They were both 
wearing skirts, high heels and button down blouses, as they had planned 
to stop in Las Vegas tonight for a night on the town. 

	Sally moved to the back of the vehicle, the Officer watching her 
carefully.  Sally became more nervous, as the Officers stare made her feel 
uncomfortable.  She knew that he controlled her now.

	"I am going to have to put handcuffs on you, since I am the only 
one in the car. I will not make them tight, but you must cooperate or I can 
make this very difficult for you and your young daughter.  We are not a big 
city police department and have a tendency to do this differently" he 
ordered.

	Sally cringed when she heard the word handcuffs.  She knew that 
once she was cuffed, she would be at the mercy of the Officer.  He could 
do anything to her or Rebecca and she would not be able to stop him.

	"Lean over the trunk, spread your hands out, and spread your legs, 
so I may search you", he ordered and pushed down on Sally back forcing 
her down onto the trunk.  Her breasts pushed into the trunk.  "Spread you 
hands out in front of you and do not move them".

	He put his leg between her legs and began to push them outward.  
"Spread your legs, I have to check you for weapons before I can cuff 
you", he ordered, pushing her legs further and further apart.  They were 
soon over three feet apart and Sally began to tremble in fear.  Where was 
he going to search her?

	Sally was an incredible sight, bent over the car, her arms stretched 
out in front of her, her legs spread, and her short skirt had ridden up the 
back of her legs and now just barely covered her panties.  The high heels 
accented her trim legs.

	"Don't move, no matter what I do, or it will be trouble for you and 
your daughter, he said.  "You and your daughter are very beautiful.  You 
have a firm body, I can see where your daughter gets it from", he said.  

	Sally did not like the way the conversation was going, and began to 
fear what may happen to her and Rebecca.  He would soon have her 
handcuffed, to do with her or Rebecca as he pleased and she would not 
be able to stop him.

	She felt him lean over her spread body and he began to run his 
hands through her hair.  She cringed when she felt his cock bump against 
her ass.  It was large and very hard.  

	"Stay perfectly still" he ordered and ran his large hands up and 
down her spread arms.  He had now reached under her arms.  "Lift up 
from the trunk a little, so I can search you", he ordered.  As Sally lifted up, 
she also had to push her ass out into his cock.  

	His large hands moved toward her breasts, and Sally began to 
sweat in fear.  He grasped her breasts and began to feel them.  "Stay very 
still and it will be over soon, you have very firm breasts", he whispered into 
her ear, his erect cock pushing into her ass.  He continued to grope her 
breasts, longer than necessary to search for weapons, squeezing them 
and pinching her nipples.

	"OWWW, that hurts, please stop, I don't have any weapons in 
there", she begged.  

	"Obey and hold still, I have to search in your bra" he ordered and 
he opened the first two buttons of her blouse and put his large hands into 
the cups of her bra before Sally could even complain.  He could feel her 
bare breasts, and her nipples became erect, partly in fear and partly 
caused by the tugging of them by his fingers.  

	He continued to squeeze her bare breasts and pinch her nipples, 
eliciting moans from Sally.  He released her breasts and pulled his hands 
out of her blouse, but leaving her blouse unbuttoned.  He pushed her 
firmly back down onto the trunk of the car.

	She could feel him crouched behind her and she knew that soon 
his hands would be on her legs and ass.  

	"Spread your legs further apart", his hands pushing her knees 
outward, making Sally shift her legs on her high heels.  Her legs were now 
over 4 feet apart. 

	He began to run his hands up her legs, sending shivers down her 
spine.  How far would be go?  Crouched behind her, he had a good view 
up her skirt.  With her legs spread, she was opened up to him.  

	"You have beautiful legs, they seem to go forever", he 
complemented her.  His hands continued their journey up her legs until 
they reached her panties, and then stopped.  Sally sighed with relief when 
his hands left her legs, but was short-lived when they returned to her 
waist.  He began to feel around her waistband and then began to go down 
to her ass.  

	"You have a beautiful ass", he said, making Sally cringe in 
embarrassment.  His hands began to grasp her cheeks of her ass roughly 
and pull them apart.  Sally began to move to escape when she felt one 
hand slap her ass painfully. "I told you not to move, obey me or suffer the 
punishment.  Or would you rather me do this to your daughter"?  

	"Leave her alone, I will obey you", cried Sally.  His rough hands 
continued to fondle her ass, slowly raising her skirt up over her ass, 
exposing her panty-covered ass.  His hands slowly molded her cheeks, 
pushing her into the trunk.  He began to separate her cheeks, running his 
finger along the crack.  

	"Don't, please, I don't like that", Sally begged, his finger moving 
toward her anus.  

	"Quiet down and submit" his finger reaching her anus and began to 
circle it.  His large finger began to push against her anus through her 
panties.  

	"OWWWW, not their, please leave me alone.  His finger pushed 
against her anus and than was withdrawn.  Now what, Sally thought.

	"I think I will have to pull your panties down a little" he said, sliding 
them down over her ass and down her legs until they would not go any 
further because of her spread legs.  

	"OHHH", moaned Sally in embarrassment.  She was spread over a 
car in the middle of the highway and now her panties were down to her 
knees, her ass naked for anyone to see.  "Hurry and get this over with 
before someone comes along", she begged.

	She could feel his hot breath on her ass and he spread her cheeks 
of her ass, opening up her anus to him.  He held her open for long 
minutes, Sally trembling in embarrassment.  She felt his finger touch her 
anus and she cringed.  She knew he intended to push his finger into her 
rectum and she could not stop him

	"Relax and open up for my finger" he said and pushed his finger 
into her virgin anus.  She moaned as she felt the unnatural ravishment of 
her asshole.  It felt strange to have a stranger's finger pushed into her 
anus in broad daylight on the highway.  

	"Please hurry and get this over" she begged, submitting to anything 
to end the embarrassment.

	"Push back you ass onto my finger, and it will soon be over"

	She pushed back, impaling her anus onto his finger until his 
knuckles were pushed against her ass; his finger now pushed deep into 
her ass.

	"Tighten your ass on my fingers" he said as Sally clenched her ass 
on his finger.  "Again", he said and Sally clenched her ass on the finger 
tight up her ass

	"You have a hot and tight ass, is your daughter just like you," the 
Officer said, pulling his finger out of her ass.

	"Push your ass back further, so I can check your pussy now", he 
ordered.  Sally pushed her ass back towards him, opening her pussy to 
his inspection.  She had to get the humiliation over quickly.  She felt his 
fingers begin to spread open her pussy lips and she could feel her pussy 
become wet.  Her lips were spread further and further and she could feel 
the air on her pussy. 

	"Not so wide, it hurts", Sally moaned.  The Officer continued to 
spread her open to his gaze.  "OOOWWWW, its too wide, please don't 
hurt me", she cried.

	His fingers ran up and down her pussy, stoking her clit, than back 
down and now one finger began to enter her pussy.  Sally opened her legs 
more, giving him access to her pussy.  "Please, don't do this, it hurts", as 
one finger became two and they began to move in and out of her pussy.  
With a hard jolt, he pushed two fingers deep inside her and stop.  She 
could feel his fingers begin to spread open inside her.  "It hurts, please 
stop" she cried, but the fingers continued to spread open her pussy.  He 
now had two fingers deep in her pussy, spread wide.  The two fingers 
retreated, but entered again as three.

	"Take them out, please".  The fingers pushed deep into her pussy, 
stretching her wide.  

	"Grab my fingers with your pussy", he ordered.  Sally tightened her 
pussy on the invading fingers.  "Again, you are really tight, it looks like 
your husband didn't fuck you a lot".  Sally tightened again, clutching the 
fingers like a glove.  "Do it again, but keep it tight, don't let loose until 
I tell you". Her pussy clinched the fingers, Sally straining to keep the pressure 
on the fingers.  

	"Please, I can't hold it any longer", she begged. 

	"Keep it tight as I pull them out", he ordered, pulling his fingers from 
her pussy as Sally clenched them.  They popped from her pussy, and Sally 
relaxed her grip on them.

	The Officer stood up and pulled up her panties and pushed her skirt 
back over her hips.  He gave her a sharp slap on her ass.  Smack.  "Stay 
in position". Smack another slap on her ass.  His hand reached under her 
skirt and between her legs and slapped the inside of her thigh.  Smack.  

	"That hurts, stop, please", she cried.

	"Stay still, I am almost finished".  He brought his hand up between 
her legs and slapped her directly on her panty-covered pussy.  Sally was 
almost lifted up by the slap.  "OWWW, not on my pussy, it hurts so much", 
she cried.  She felt the hand rub her pussy and than leave and knew she 
was about to be pussy slapped again.  Smack, his hand again inflicted 
pain on her pussy.  "OWWWW".  

	"One more", he said.  She felt his other hand push down on her 
back, lowering her closer to the ground and spreading her legs open 
more.  She knew this would allow him more access to her pussy and 
her pussy lips would be spread open more.  He intended to inflict the 
maximum amount of pain on her spread pussy.

	SMMMMAAACCCCK, his hand came up between her legs, hitting 
her dead center on her pussy.  Her body jerked up from the blow, tears 
forming in her eyes as her pussy received the devastating blow.  Her body 
cringed in pain.

	"Stand up now, and put your hands behind your back", the Officer 
ordered.  He put the cuffs on her wrists behind her back and pushed her 
into the back seat of the car.  She fell into the seat, her blouse half-open 
and her skirt had ridden up, exposing her panties.  "I want you to sit back 
in the seat and push your breasts out.  Spread your legs to each side of 
the seat and keep them that way until we get back.  Don't say anything to 
your daughter or she will suffer the consequences.  Do you understand 
me?

	"Yes" said Sally, sitting in the back seat of the police car.  Her 
breasts were pushed out, straining her bra.  Her legs where spread open, 
revealing her panty-covered pussy to anyone.  

	The Officer went back to the other car to get Rebecca.   He opened 
up the passenger door, where Rebecca was sitting and kneeled down 
next to her.  He could see that even though she was 13 years old, she had 
a body that was as good as her Mothers.  "I do not want you talking to 
your Mother when we get back to the car.  I will let you ride in the front 
seat, without handcuffs on, but you must cooperate.  Your Mother has 
done everything I have said and you must do the same.  If you do not, 
your Mother will be the one to suffer.  It could get very unpleasant for her.  
You are responsible for what happens to her", the Officer said.  

	"Will you submit to whatever I command?"

	"Yes, please do not hurt my Mother", Rebecca responded.

	"That's a good little girl", and his hand reached out and touched her 
leg on the knee.   "Stay still", he said as Rebecca tried to move from his 
hand.  She froze as the big hand began to grasp her leg, moving up and 
down her leg.  Her muscles in her legs tightened up in fear as the hand 
began to move between her legs, moving toward her panty-covered 
pussy.  

	"Relax your legs and let them open up".

	Tears began to fall from her eyes, as she submitted to the fondling 
of her legs.

	"You have beautiful legs, just like your Mothers.  You must submit 
to me, just as she did.  Raise your skirt so I am may see more of them".  
Rebecca turned red in humiliation, but slowly moved her skirt up, until she 
came to her panties.   "Higher, all the way to your waist".  Rebecca 
pushed her skirt up over her panties until it reached her waist.  She now
only had her panties covering her body from the waist down. 

	His hand moved higher, towards her pussy.  Rebecca cringed when 
his hand reached her virgin pussy and began to rub it.  "Keep you legs 
open", and he began to feel her pussy through her panties.  He could feel 
her pussy lips and one finger began to separate them and move between.  
Her panties became wet from the stimulation. 

	"Get on your hands and knees on the seat with your ass toward the 
door.  Hurry, you Mother is probably very warn and uncomfortable in the 
car".  Rebecca turned around on the seat and got on her hands and 
knees.  The position pushed her ass into his face and she realized that her 
ass would be fondled next.

	His hands pushed between her legs, "Spread your legs open, and 
lift up your skirt onto your back", he ordered.  Rebecca spread her legs 
and reached back to lift up her skirt, baring her panty-covered ass to his 
gaze.  His hands reached out and began to fondle her pert ass.  "Put you 
head down and push your ass up in the air higher", he ordered, Rebecca 
complying even though she knew how obscene she must look.  His hands 
fondled her ass from the top, all the way down to her pussy and back up 
through the crack in her ass.  She could feel his finger run over her anus.  
On the return trip back down, his finger stopped at her anus and began to 
push.

	"Is you ass as tight as your Mothers? 

	"Please, don't touch me there, it's dirty, Rebecca begged.

	"Relax, I am not here to hurt you.  Sit back down on the seat.  Now 
unbutton your blouse and push up your bra and bare your breasts to me".  
Rebecca cringed at the command, but knew she must get this over with so 
her Mother and her could get out of this evil place.  She began to unbutton 
her blouse, revealing her lace bra covering a very large set of tits.  
"Quickly, pull up your bra and lace your hands behind your neck".

	Rebecca pushed up her bra and her breasts spilled out.  She put 
her hands behind her head, thrusting her breasts out.  "Open your eyes 
and look at me", he commanded.  Rebecca opened her eyes and felt the 
humiliation as she saw his eyes staring at her naked breasts and her 
nipples.  This was the first time anyone had seen her naked breasts and 
she was being forced to do it.  Her breasts were big, but firm, with no sag.  
Her nipples were large and because of the fear, began to become erect.  

	She saw his hand reach out and it felt like slow motion as they 
moved toward her naked breasts.  She knew they would soon be touching 
her.  His fingers lightly touched her nipples and they became instantly 
erect from the stimulation.  His hand now completely encircled both of her 
breasts and began to squeeze them.  

	"You have very firm and big breasts.  Your nipples are extremely 
sensitive to touch.  Watch as I grab the nipple", he said.  He grabbed each 
nipple between two fingers and began to pinch them.

	"Not so hard, that hurts", she cried.

	"You can take a little pain, watch as I pinch the nipples", his fingers 
grasping each nipple harder and began to twist and pull them.  

	"OOOOWWW", moaned Rebecca, pushing her breasts out, trying 
to relieve some of the pain from the fingers, "that hurts so much".

	"OOOOOWWWWW", he gave Rebecca a sudden pinch and 
release her nipples.  "Stay in that position and do not move" as his hand 
slapped her right breast hard.  "OOOOWWW, don't hit them, that hurts", 
begged Rebecca.  "Now for the other one" and another sharp smack to 
her left breast, making it jiggle.  "OOOOOWWW".  

	"One more for each, push them out" and his hand again smacked 
her right breast, this time hitting her nipple.  A quick slap to her left nipple 
and he stopped.  "No more, please", cried Rebecca.

	Her erect nipples were sticking out over one inch.  "Stay still while I 
flick your nipples with my fingers".  He reached out with both of his hands 
and flicked his fingers over her nipples, eliciting a gasp from Rebecca as 
her nipples were abused.

	"Get your clothes back on and we can go back to the station", he 
said and pulled Rebecca out of the car and pushed her into the front seat 
of the police car.  "No talking", as he began the journey to the police 
station.  Sally and Rebecca could not wait until they got to the station so 
they could get away from this evil man.  

	When they arrived in the town, they realized they it only consisted 
of the police station.  There was nothing around it.  The Officer led 
Rebecca and Sally into the back door of the station.  He put Rebecca in 
the first cell while he led Sally, in handcuffs, toward the back of the 
building.  

	"I will put you in a cell for a few minutes until the Judge gets here.  I 
will leave Rebecca out there, but you must continue to cooperate if you 
want her safe", the Officer said.  He opened up a cell and pushed Sally in. 




Anal Rape of Sally

	It was not like the cells on television, but was rather large.  In the 
corner was a large bed, not a cot.  It had four large posts in each corner.  
Along the edges was a padded railing with buckles every foot.  A strange 
device sat in the center.  It consisted of two railings, one about waist high 
that was padded and the other about one foot in front and one foot from 
the floor.  It was highly polished.  In another corner was what looked like a 
doorframe, but with hooks in each corner.  Another frame but a little bigger 
was around the outside.

	He uncuffed Sally and pushed her towards the bed.   "Quickly 
remove your blouse and bra.  I cannot guarantee Rebecca's safety if I am 
back here.  We have some strange people in this town and I don't want to 
leave her alone".  

	Sally cringed at the thought of baring her breasts to him, but feared 
for Rebecca's safety and quickly took her blouse and bra off.  "Open your 
eyes, hands behind your head and stick your breast out".  Sally submitted, 
turning red in humiliation at showing her naked breasts to a stranger.  He 
grasped her breasts and squeezed her nipples, forcing them to become 
erect.

	"What a nice set of tits, do you like strangers playing with them", he 
asked.

	"Please hurry, and get back out to Rebecca", Sally cried, begging 
him to molest her breasts.  He pulled her nipples again, eliciting a cry from 
her.

	"Lay down in the center of the bed, face down and spread your 
arms out to the corners", he ordered.  Sally lay down on the bed, cringing 
at the position.  At least her breasts would be covered.   He went to one 
corner of the bed and put a leather strap around her wrist and began to 
secure it to the corner.  

	"You don't have to tie me up, I am in a locked cell", she said.

	"This is for your own safety, we don't want you to hurt yourself", he 
lied.

	He went to the other side and again put a leather strap on her wrist 
and pulled her arm toward the post.  

	"You are stretching me too much, it hurts" cried Sally from the pain.

	Sally was now tied tightly to the bed, her arms stretched wide.  She 
was naked from the waist up.  "You have such a lovely body", he said, 
running his hands over her naked back.  He ran his hand over her ass and 
down her legs until he reached her ankle.  She could feel him attaching 
another leather strap to each ankle.  

	"I can't move, you don't have to tie my legs down" she complained.

	"You are too beautiful to leave like this".  His hands slid up her legs 
until they rested on her ass.  I think you would be more comfortable 
without your skirt and he unbuttoned the skirt and pulled down the zipper.  
He pushed it down over her hips and slipped it off her legs.

	"Please don't strip me naked", she begged.

	His hands slid back up her legs and again rested on her ass.  "You 
have such a beautiful ass and I remember it being hot and tight".    He 
slipped her panties down her legs and slipped them off.  Tears began to 
fall from Sally eyes as she was now stripped naked before him.

	He reached out for one ankle and began too spread her leg out 
toward the corner post.  Sally cringed as she thought how she must look.  
Naked, face down with her legs being spread wide.  He tightened the strap 
to the corner securely and now began with the other leg, spreading it to 
the other corner.  Her legs were now spread obscenely, opening her 
pussy and her ass to him.  

	"That's too far, it hurts", she cried.
 
	"You will get used to it" as he looked at this beauty spread naked 
before him.  Her ass open, her anus peaking out.  Her pussy spread wide, 
pink and wet.

	He climbed on the bed between Sally's thighs.  "What are you 
doing?" she yelled.  "Quiet down and do as you are ordered.  If you don't
want anything to happen to Rebecca, so you must cooperate".

	His hands began to fondle her ass.  Sally was spread so tightly she 
could not move.  His hands moved between her cheeks moving toward 
her anus.

	"Please not there, that hurts".

	"Do you remember what I taught you before?"  His finger reached 
her anus and Sally cringed in fear as it began to enter her.  "Relax your 
ass and let me have my way".  His finger was dry and it hurt as it entered 
her.  He pushed deeper into her rectum,   

	"OOOOWWW, that hurts, you're pushing too hard"

	He pushed hard and his finger plunged deep into her rectum until 
his knuckles hit her ass.  "Tighten your ass on my finger as I taught you".  
Sally grasped his finger, feeling like a trained animal.  "Again, you are very 
tight".  Sally grasped his finger again.   

	His finger pulled from her anus with a pop.  She was relieved when 
she felt him get off the bed.  

	"Have you ever been sodomized, Sally?

	"No, I never did that, it would hurt terribly".

	"I don't think you have a choice.  You look so good spread out on 
the bed and your ass is so hot and tight.  I am going to fuck you in the ass.  
You can scream all you want.  In fact, I like it better when you do".  He 
began to remove his clothing, but Sally could not see very good because 
she was face down.  She heard his belt opening and his zipper pulled 
down.

	"I have a rather large cock, so it will tear your ass as I fuck you, but 
the blood will aid as a lubricant.  I can go about 20 minutes so by the time 
I come up your ass, you will be very sore.  As I pull my cock out of your 
ass, I want you to squeeze my cock with your ass muscles.  If you don't 
cooperate, I will sodomize Rebecca instead". 

	She felt him get back on the bed between her spread legs.  He lay 
his naked body down on top of her.  She could feel his erect cock pushed 
between her cheeks of her ass, resting on her anus.  It felt like it was over 
10 inches long and it must be over 3 inches in diameter.  She began to 
sweat in fear of the anal rape she would be forced to endure.  

	He pushed his hands under her body and pulled on her nipples and 
squeezed her breasts.  "A little pain to get you going", pinching her nipples 
between his fingers, and twisting them,  "OOOWW, that hurts.  

	"That's nothing, wait until my cock forces its way into your asshole".   
She could feel him push up from his body and fist his cock and place it on 
her anus.  "Your rape is about to begin" and began to push his cock into 
your anus.  His cock was dry so at the beginning, all it did was try to push 
her anus into her body.  He spit down on his cock to lubricate it and again 
pushed into her anus.  

	It felt like a baseball bat was driving up her ass as he continued to 
push and pull back and push again, each time gaining a millimeter at a 
time.  "OOOOOWWW, its too big, don't stick it into my ass", she wailed.  
He pushed harder and Sally anus gave up to the assault and opened to 
the head of his cock.

	"AAAAAAAAAHHH,  OWWWWWWW, its tearing my up, take it out, 
don't push it in", she yelled.

	"You only got the head, wait until you get all ten inches fucked up 
your ass.  I am going to stretch your colon wide open.  You better fuck 
back or its Rebecca's turn next", he said.

	He pushed another inch in, than out.  The next thrust gained two 
inches, than back out.  Sally's asshole was bleeding from the anal rape, 
lubricating his cock for her rape.  "Here comes all of it" and he pushed with 
all of his might into her asshole.  Ten inches of hard cock forced her 
asshole to open bigger than it ever did.  Her asshole was stretched and 
torn to accept the rape of her ass.

	Sally's screams could be heard all of the building.  He pulled his 
cock out to the head and than began the painful journey back up her ass.  
His cock was gripped tightly by her ass.   He began to fuck her ass hard 
and fast, riding her.  His cocked punched into her guts each time, 
cramping her stomach as her colon was forced to straighten out to accept 
his hard cock.  Each stroke of his cock brought a fresh batch of pain to her 
ass.  Her anus had long ago given up the fight.  

	Five slow minutes passed, her asshole suffering from the awful 
rape.  Ten minutes and he was still forcing cries of pain from Sally as he 
touched new parts in her ass.  A sharp bite of pain from his cock forced 
her asshole to spasm, milking his cock with pleasure.  Fifteen minutes and 
Sally was having hard time breathing from the awful rape.  Her asshole 
was now just one big area of pain.  

	"Its time for you to start fucking back, or I will make a visit to 
Rebecca.  Tighten up your ass as I pull out, loosen up as I push in.  I am 
going to come a hot load up your ass soon, so milk it good".

	Sally cringed at the order, knowing that the pain would increase 
when she tightened her ass on his cock, but knew she must obey.  His 
hands reached under her body and grabbed her pussy.  He found her clit 
and grabbed it with two fingers tightly.  

	"Grab it now" he said and pinched her clit at the same time.  
"OOOOWWWW, that hurts", but she obeyed and grabbed his cock tightly 
as he withdrew.  The pain increased in her ass.  He pushed in hard, 
forcing her to accept all ten inches in a brutal thrust deep into her ass.

	"Again", pinching her clit, driving her up against his cock and she 
tightened her ass on his cock as it again felt like sandpaper on her anal 
track as it was pulled from her body.  "More" as he pushed in and again 
drew his rock hard cock out of her asshole.  He could see her ass tightly 
grip his cock.  It felt like rubber bands tightly around cock.

	"Please hurry, my ass is on fire", she cried in pain, as he gave her a 
painful thrust back in.  "Squeeze it" and he grabbed her clit.  It felt like he 
was trying to tear it from her body.  She continued to milk his cock.  
Twenty minutes had passed and it felt like gasoline was poured up her 
ass.  

	He constantly forced her to milk his cock by pinching her clit, each 
time harder and harder, forcing screams from her mouth. 

	"Grab my cock with your asshole and don't let go, I am going to 
give you a hot load of come up you ass" and pinched her clit and began to 
tear it.  She felt him push his cock even deeper into her ass, forcing more 
groans of pain.  She felt it become bigger, stretching her asshole wider 
and felt the first burst of come shoot from his cock.  The pain was so bad, 
her colon spasms, forcing another load of come into her ass.  Her ass was 
filling with come as a third than a fourth load of come shot into her ass.  

	His cock finally stopped shooting come up her ass and began to 
shrink.  She could feel it becoming soft, but he did not take it out of her 
ass.  

	"Please, take your cock out of my ass, it hurts so bad".

	"I think we need to clean you up first".  She was confused but soon 
understood.  She felt a hot fluid filling her ass.  He was pissing up her ass.  
The hot acid piss was like gasoline.  The tight bondage she was in did not 
allow her to escape.  She could only lay there, naked spread open on the 
bed, with a cock up her ass giving her a piss enema.  He continued to piss 
in her ass, filling her up, mixing with the come he already dumped into her 
body.   The pain was almost as bad as the anal rape she had endured.  
He finally pulled up from her body, his cock popping out of her asshole, 
almost as painful as when he first fucked it up her ass.  

	He got off the bed and came back between her legs.  She felt 
something enter her anus again.  "No, not again, I hurt too much".  

	"It's not my cock, it's a butt plug.  It will keep the piss in your ass 
until I get back to untie you.  The piss enema will give you cramps, but you 
will appreciate me more when I return.  He pushed the butt plug into her 
ass, again opening fresh wounds from her anal rape.  It opened her ass 
up bigger and bigger until it reached the largest ring.  Her asshole 
swallowed the last ring and shrunk back down to grasp the base of the 
butt plug, sealing her asshole shut.

	He got up and looked at Sally, naked and spread eagle on 
the bed with come dripping from her swollen and red anus.  "You 
were a great ass fuck, Sally.  We might just have to do this again," 
he said leaving Sally alone, sobbing from the terrible anal rape she 
had endured.    




Making Rebecca Obey

	While Sally was being strapped down and stripped on the bed by 
the Officer, Rebecca had visitors.  Four old men came into her cell.  They 
were all over 60 years old, but seem to be in great physical shape.   "The 
Sheriff called us and said you were here.  Our group takes care of children 
brought in by the police.  We are what you would call children services.  
You are too young to be in a cell, so we will take you to our home until 
everything is settled with your Mother".  "My name is Dr. Smith, this is Mr. 
Jones, Mr. Alec and Mr. White".

	"The Officer tells me you are submissive.  That is very good.  If you 
cause us any trouble, we will submit that in our report and that would be 
detrimental to your Mothers plight.  In addition, we believe in corporal 
punishment.  If you disobey our commands, you will be punished.  You will 
be spanked and if necessary we will whip you to make you obey", Dr. 
Smith stated.  

	"Do you have any questions?"  

	"No, please don't hurt me or my Mother", Rebecca cried, tears 
running down her face.  

  	 "Stand up and put your hands behind your back", Dr. Smith 
ordered.

	Rebecca stood up for all of them to see her.  She turned her back 
to them and put her hands behind her, waiting for them to handcuff her 
wrists together.  She knew that they could do anything to her once this 
happened and began to tremble in fear.

	"You are a very beautiful young girl, Rebecca", Dr. Smith said.  He 
put the handcuffs on her wrists and locked them tight.  "Turn around so we 
can see you better.  You have a nice ass, big breasts and very long legs.  
For someone that is only 13 years old, you certainly have a very mature 
body.  We are certainly going to enjoy having you visit us".  

	Rebecca was pushed out of the cell into the waiting car.  They 
drove until they came to the house.  She was led in, still in handcuffs.  
They went into a large study, where all of four of them sat in large 
overstuffed chairs, leaving Rebecca facing them.  

	She could feel their eyes staring at her body, and she began to 
tremble in fear of what they intend to do to her.  She knew they would use 
any excuse to spank her and maybe even whip her. 

	"Come closer to me, so I may take off your handcuffs", Dr. Smith.  
"Turn around" and he unlocked the cuffs.  "Bring that low table over her 
and place it between our chairs".  Rebecca pushed the large table so that 
it was in the center of their chairs.  It was about 2 feet off the floor and was 
rather big.    

	"As I said before, you have a very mature body for someone so 
young and you certainly dress very provocatively.  I think we should get a 
better look at you, so if you would stand on the table.  Rebecca just stood 
there, trying to grasp the reality of the situation.  "Obey me, or you are 
going to start off very badly".

	Rebecca hesitantly stood on the table, facing them.  "That's much 
better cooperation.  Do not hesitate next time when someone gives you a 
command.  You must submit to our desires or you will find yourself facing 
severe punishment.  

	"Now that we can see you better, please lace your hands behind 
your head.  That's good now push your breasts out.  Your breasts 
certainly strain the buttons on your blouse".  Rebecca began to turn red in 
humiliation, having to show off her body to these old men.  
	
	"You have beautiful legs, especially with those high heels on, but I 
think your skirt is too short.   Spread your legs out, nothing is more 
beautiful than a young girl with her legs spread".  Rebecca began to 
spread her legs immediately, not wishing to submit to a spanking or 
worse.  "Further, until they reach the edge of the table".  Her legs were 
now spread over three feet wide.  She was a beautiful sight to see, 
standing on the table, her legs spread wide and her breasts thrust out.  

	"Turn around, spread your legs again, but this time bend over and 
grasp your ankles with your hands.  If your skirt is not too short, nothing 
should be uncovered.  If it is, it is all your fault and you must suffer the 
humiliation", Dr. Smith said.

	Rebecca spread her legs, her back to them and lowered her body 
until she grasped her ankles.  She could feel her skirt ride up her ass and 
she knew that they could see her panty-covered ass.     

	"I thought it might be too short, you might as well not be wearing 
anything if you are going to dress like that.  Turn around again, this time 
unbutton your blouse.  You seem to have no modesty, so we will attempt 
to shame you.   Maybe you will learn something if you are forced to strip 
naked for us.  

	"Please, don't make me do that, its too embarrassing.  I'm only 
twelve, and I have never been naked except what the Officer did to me", 
she begged.

	"You must learn your lesson, now remove your blouse".  Her hands 
trembled as they unbuttoned the blouse, revealing her lace bra.  "Take it 
off and throw if on the floor, you won't need it for a while.  "Now the bra, 
slip it off and than quickly lace your hands behind your head again and 
thrust your naked breasts for us to see, quickly now" he said.

	Rebecca pulled her bra off and put her hands behind her head and 
thrust her breasts out.  "Open you eyes and watch us", he ordered.  "You 
have very big breasts for a 13 year old, very firm and your nipples are 
already becoming erect.  Is stripping naked for us exciting you, Rebecca?"

	"No" she cried, I am so embarrassed.  

	"You are doing a good job submitting to our commands.  Continue, 
and you might spare any punishment for today.  Now raise up your skirt 
until you reach your waist and hold it there".  Rebecca grasped the bottom 
of her skirt and began to raise it, revealing her panties to everyone.  She 
now held it high over her waist, her panties now the only barrier to her 
being naked.

	"Take off your skirt and throw that to the floor".  Rebecca cringed 
because she knew what the next command would be.  They would 
complete her humiliation by making her pull her panties off, leaving her 
naked.  "Yes, you are beginning to understand now, the panties are next.   
Close your legs and slide them to the floor.  That's a good little girl, you 
obey well.  Now arms behind your head again, push out your breasts and 
spread your legs again.  We want to see that cute young pussy spread 
open for us to see".  

	Rebecca spread her legs and shut her eyes, to try to escape her 
humiliation.  "Eyes open, spread your legs wider", the Doctor said.  
Rebecca's pussy lips began to spread open and they could see her pink 
pussy.  The room was quiet as everyone started at the 13-year-old girl, 
standing naked on the table with her legs spread wide.  

	"You have a beautiful pussy, Rebecca, why don't you reach down 
and spread your pussy lips apart so we can see inside you".  Rebecca 
cringed at this obscene order but did as she was told and spread her 
pussy lips open, revealing her pink insides.  "Wider", he said, forcing 
Rebecca to spread them until they began to hurt.  

	"Now please turn around, bend over and reach back and spread 
your ass cheeks apart, so we may see the anus of a 13 year old spread 
before us".  

	"That's too embarrassing, please don't make me", Rebecca 
begged.

	"Obey, now" he said.  Rebecca turned around and did as she was 
told, spreading herself open until her anus came into view.  "What a cute 
little ass", Doctor Smith said.  

	"You may now step down from the table and come over here".  Everyone 
got up from their chairs and pulled Rebecca over to the corner.  They 
brought her over to a strange, padded chair.	It was a reclining chair, 
with support for her head and back, but once it got to her ass, the bottom 
was completely open, but had padded stirrups on the side.  

	"Lay down on the chair and we will strap you in.  You must be 
punished for not obeying are orders quickly enough".  Rebecca cringed, 
knowing that they once she was strapped down, they could do anything to 
her naked body and she could not stop them.  

	Her arms were strapped tightly to her sides.  A belt was attached 
around her waist, holding her tightly to the back.  The worst part was when 
they strapped her legs into the stirrups.  Her legs were pulled back and 
than spread open, leaving her pussy and anus open to them.  

	"You will now learn to obey even the most distasteful orders".  The 
Doctor moved down between her legs and she could feel his fingers move 
over her ass.  "You have such a cute ass, and your anus is so small and 
pink.  You are now going to allow me to put my fingers into your rectum".  
His fingers moved between the crack in her ass and glazed over her anus, 
causing Rebecca to shiver in fear.  His finger was pushing on her anus, 
and she pushed to stop him from entering her asshole.  

	"SMACK,   OOOOOWWWW, that hurts," cried Rebecca.  One of 
the others had hit Rebecca's right breast with a whip, hitting her directly on 
her nipple. 

	"That's what happens if you don't submit, not relax your anus and 
let my finger enter your rectum".  This time Rebecca did not try to stop him 
and his finger pushed and entered her anus.  Rebecca squirmed, 
uncomfortable with a stranger's finger up her ass, while the others 
watched her squirm.  Her anus gripped his finger tightly, never having 
anything pushed in before.  "Your ass is hot and tight, I am certainly 
enjoying this", Dr. Smith said.  His finger pushed deeper into her, forcing a 
gasp from Rebecca.  

	He pulled his finger out and pushed in again, this time with two 
fingers.  

	"OHHHH, that hurts, my ass is to small, take your fingers out, 
please", she begged.

	He pushed them in deep, eliciting a groan from Rebecca and began 
to spread them, opening Rebecca up.  His fingers pulled out, than pushed 
back in, spreading as they reached deep into her.

	"I want you to grip my fingers with your ass" he ordered.  Rebecca 
cringed in humiliation, but did as he said, tightening her muscles in her 
ass.  "You are really tight, and your grip is squeezing my fingers".  She 
relaxed her ass.  "Do it again" he ordered, forcing Rebecca to tighten her 
ass again.  She began to feel like a trained animal, forced to perform.  
"You obey well for such a little girl.  The Sheriff was right, you are very 
submissive. 

	She noticed that Mr. Alec, who was standing next to her head, 
began to remove his clothes.  "You are quite observant, noticing Mr. Alec 
undressing.  He is going to train you on something new".  Mr. Alec 
removed his pants and now pushed his shorts down, revealing an erect, 
hard 8-inch cock.  Rebecca cringed when she saw it.  She was not going 
to like whatever they intended to do to her.

	He moved until he was standing over her head and lowered himself 
down on her upper chest.   His cock rested just inches from her mouth and 
she knew that he intended to force her to suck his cock.  

	"SSSLLLAAAPPP, OOOOOWWWWW, yelled Rebecca.  A hand 
had slapped her directly on her spread pussy, the pain overwhelming her.

	"Just in case you decide to hesitate or you try to bite my cock.  Now 
open your mouth wide".  Rebecca opened her mouth and the hard cock 
was pushed in, stretching her lips around it.  "Now lick the head and taste 
my cum", he ordered.  Rebecca's tongue swirled around his cock, the 
taste of his salty cum stuck to her tongue.  He began to pull his cock out 
and then push it back in.  

	"You don't have to do anything but lick my cock, I will fuck your face 
until I cum.  When I cum, I want you to flutter your tongue on my cock as it 
shoots on your tongue.  Hold my cum in your mouth until I tell you to 
swallow it".  He began to push in and out of her mouth faster and faster.

	"Tighten your ass again", Dr. Smith ordered and Rebecca gripped 
the three fingers now pushed into her asshole.  Her tongue continued to 
bath the cock in her mouth as her face was fucked.  His stomach pushed 
into her lips with each thrust.  "I'm going to spank your pussy again, so 
don't bite the cock in your mouth.  You must learn to submit to us".
	
	Slap, his hand hit her spread pussy.   "OOOOOWWWw" she 
moaned, the cock in her mouth muffling the sound.  "Tighten your ass 
again" he ordered, Rebecca obey, grasping the three fingers deep in her 
ass.  "Get ready for another spanking on your pussy".
	
	"Sllllapp," this one harder than the last, her pussy lips turning red 
from the abuse.  "MMMGGGGG" the cock in her mouth prevented her 
speaking.  At that moment, Mr. Alec's yelled "I'm going to come, flutter 
your tongue over it as I come into your sweet mouth".  His cock shot the 
first load of come into her virgin mouth, forcing a gasp from Rebecca.  She 
did not expect so much.  "Hold it in your mouth", he ordered.  Another shot 
of come filled her mouth and at the same time her pussy was spanked 
again.
	
	"AAAGGGGG, OOOWWW, she cried from the dual ravishment of 
her young body.  Her pussy ached from the spanking and her mouth was 
rapidly filling with his hot come.  "Tighten your ass again", Dr. Smith 
ordered.  Now all parts of her body were being abused at the same time, 
but she managed to obey and gripped the fingers in her ass.   
	
	Her mouth was full of hot salty come,  "Swallow it now" he ordered.  
Rebecca tried to swallow the thick come, but choked on the large quantity.  
"Lick my cock clean" forcing it back into her mouth, making Rebecca swirl 
her tongue, cleaning the come from his cock.  
	
	The fingers were withdrawn from her anus and the cock from her 
mouth.  
	
	"You did an excellent job at obeying orders.  We are certainly going 
to enjoy having you stay with us.  We will let you clean up and than we will 
join you again".




Sally and the Judges Punishment
	
	After Sally cleaned herself up, she was led back to the bed.  Her 
arms were tied to the top corners of the bed.  Sally trembled in fear, as 
she was now tied to the bed in her bra and panties.  She did not know 
what was happening to Rebecca and she feared what would happen to 
her again.
	
	The Judge was in his 60's, but was in good shape for his age.  He 
entered Sally's cell and shut the door behind him.  He glanced over to the 
bed, with Sally tied, waiting for whatever punishment he wanted to inflict 
on her.  
	
	"I am the Judge of the County, my dear.  Tomorrow you will be 
brought before me in court, so I thought we should meet first.  If you would 
like to plead for leniency before the court, now is a good time for you to 
show me you are repentant."
	
	"I did not do anything wrong, please allow my daughter and myself 
go" begged Sally.
	
	"If you are willing to submit to my demands tonight and pleasure 
me, you will both be allowed to leave.  If not, I think that I might have to 
make a visit to Rebecca to see if she is more willing"
	
	Sally trembled in fear, but knew she must submit if Rebecca and 
her were going to leave.  "I will do whatever you want, just leave Rebecca 
alone".

	The Judge walked over to the bed and looked at Sally.  With her 
arms spread to the corners, she was a gorgeous sight to see.  "You have 
a very beautiful body and the Sheriff tells me you have a great ass.  I am 
going to enjoy you in many ways before the night is over".  He moved his 
hands over her shoulders down to here bra encased breasts.  He began to 
squeeze them, pushing them up until they started to push out the top of 
her bra.  

	"I think the bra should go" and he unhooked the snap in the back 
and pulled the bra up in the front, baring her breasts to his evil gaze.  He 
took a scissors and cut the bra and threw it into the corner.  His hands 
returned to her breasts, now bare with her large nipples standing erect in 
fear.  Sally closed her eyes in humiliation as he began to fondle her bare 
breasts and pinched her nipples.

	"OOOOHHH" she moaned as his manipulation of breasts and 
nipples became more brutal.  He pinched her nipples between his fingers 
and pulled them from her body.  "OOOOOWWWw, that hurts so bad", she 
cried.

	"You must learn to accept the pain as punishment.  As a Judge, I 
am here to extract punishment from you and you will have to submit to the 
pain that I will inflict on your body.  Before the night is over, I will 
manipulate your body into various positions, spreading you open so that I 
may inflict pain on the delicate parts of your body.  I will punish your 
breasts, your ass and especially your pussy".

	"AAAAAHHHHH, OWWWW, that hurts, please don't do this to me, 
it will hurt so bad".  

	He released her breasts and his hands moved down her belly to 
her panties.  "I do not think you will need these, I want you naked and 
spread open to me", and be pulled her panties down her legs and threw 
them to the floor with her bra.  Sally was now naked on the bed.

	He moved to the foot of the bed and looked up at Sally, tied before 
him.  "Open your legs for me, so I may inspect your pussy.  Obey, or I will 
punish Rebecca". 

	Sally opened her legs, blushing in humiliation as her pussy opened 
for the Judge to see.  

	"More" as she spread her legs open until they reached the edge of 
the bed.  Her pussy was now spread open wide.  "Very good, you listen 
well.  Now bring your knees up and again spread your legs wide".

	Sally cringed in shame, but did as she was told, opening her pussy 
wide and now her anus was also spread open for him to see.

	"Stay in that position and do not move, no matter what I do".  His 
hands moved between her legs and began to stroke her thighs, moving 
toward her spread pussy.   He put his fingers on each side of her pussy 
and spread her pussy lips, opening her up to his gaze.  He ran his finger 
between her lips, spreading her moisture from the top of her pussy, down 
to her anus.  Sally cringed when he reached her anus and began to push 
his finger around.  She vividly recalled her recent anal rape.  

	"The Sheriff says you are a great ass fuck, is that right Sally"?

	"Please don't do that again, it hurt so bad when he raped my ass".

	"I think I will also enjoy your ass tonight.  He says that it is hot and 
tight and you can squeeze a cock with it.   I am going to use your mouth, 
your ass and also your pussy tonight before I am finished with you.  You 
must submit to my demands".

	"I think we need to get you into a better position" and Sally cringed 
when she saw the Judge move toward her legs with the straps again.  She 
knew that she would again be tied spread open.  He grabbed each ankle 
and tied the leather strap around each one.  Once he had them both on, 
he took one of her ankles and began to pull it toward the top of the bed, 
bringing her leg up over her body until it reached the top corner of the bed 
where he tied it down.  The other leg was pulled to the opposite corner 
and now Sally's arms and legs were tied to the top of the bed, her legs 
spread open wide over her head.  Her pussy and anus were now left 
gaping open and vulnerable to whatever the Judge decided to inflict on 
her body.

	"It is now time to teach you obedience".  He picked up a short whip, 
with eight leather straps coming from the handle.  Each strap was knotted 
at the end.  "I am going to start on your ass, than your breasts and finally I 
am going to whip your open pussy.  You may scream all you want I enjoy 
listening to a women scream in pain as her body is beaten.

	SSSLLLLAPPPP, the whip beat against her ass, the individual 
straps reaching out to beat against her naked flesh.  "OOOOWWWW, 
please don't, that hurts so bad, I can't stand it.  OOOOOOWWWW" she 
screamed again as the strap again beat her ass.  With her legs spread 
open, her anus was undefended and the knot on one of the strap beat on 
her open anus.  It felt like her ass was being torn open.  The strap beat 
her ass continuously, reaching into the crevice between her ass, finding 
her defenseless anus and beating it unmercifully.  The pain was 
unbearable but Sally knew it would be worse when he would begin on her 
breasts and finally when it found its way between her thighs, into her open 
pussy.  

	The Judge continued the beating of her ass until she had received 
25 strokes of the whip on her ass.  Her screams continued as her flesh 
was beaten.

	"That was very good Sally, now it is time to work on your sensitive 
breasts.  You have very big nipples that will make a good target.  The 
knots will tear your nipples open.  It will make them more sensitive as I 
molest them later when I fuck you". 

	The whip began to beat first on her right breast and than her left.   
Each time it struck, the knot tortured her nipple, bring screams from Sally's 
lips.  Her breasts began to turn red from the beating and Sally voice began 
to fade from the screaming.  After twenty-five stokes of the whip, her 
nipples were now swollen from the lashing.  The Judge grabbed both 
nipples with his fingers and squeezed them, eliciting a fresh scream from 
Sally.  

	Sally cringed in fear, as she knew that the Judge now intended to 
whip her open pussy.  The pain from the beating of her ass and breasts 
were nothing compared to what he would now inflict on her spread pussy.

	"Yes, you realize the pain you will feel when I whip your pussy.  
Your pussy lips are spread open and the knots will find their way between 
them, beating your pink pussy.  Some knots will again find your open anus 
and finally your clit.  When I am finished all of your sexual parts will be 
very tender.  When I fuck you, I will be very brutal in your rape and inflict 
the maximum amount of pain as my cock tears into your body.  I am going 
to enjoy you very much.  It is now time to begin" and he brought the whip 
down for the first time, directly on her open pussy.

	"OOOOOWWWWW, it hurts so much, please no, AAAAHHHH" she 
cried as her body tried to jerk away from the cruel whip.  The whip again 
found its target, her spread pussy, with knots finding her open anus and 
one-knot beating her clit.  Her bound body could not hide from the whip 
and Sally screamed as the whip continued the ravishment of her pussy. 

	Ten stokes and Sally was covered in sweat, her pussy swollen and 
red from the whip.  Her lips were dry from screaming and her voice was 
faded as the whip again found its mark between her spread legs, into her 
pussy.  Fifteen stokes and her body was convulsing from the savage 
beating.  Twenty and Sally prayed to faint from the pain, but the whip 
continued to beat into her spread pussy.  Finally the last stroke descended 
on her body, slapping directly into her pussy lips, spreading them open to 
receive the savage thrust of the knots, tearing into her pussy lips, her anus 
and her swollen clit.  	

	The Judge put down the whip and began to untie Sally's legs and 
arms from the corner of the bed.  Her legs slumped to the bed, exhausted 
from the seventy-five strokes of the whip on her body.  He pushed a pillow 
under her ass, raising her hips from the bed.  He spread her legs open 
again, her pussy, swollen and red pushed high into the air.  "Its time for a 
fucking, while your sweet pussy is tender and sore".  He removed his 
clothes and climbed between her legs.  His rock hard cock stood out.  
Sally cringed in pain as he lowered himself onto her body, his cock 
seeking out her pussy. 

	"Please don't, it hurts so bad", as the Judge rubbed his cock along 
her beaten pussy lips, ready to rape her.  He pushed his cock into her 
pussy, his body pressed hard against her beaten nipples and pussy.  Her 
ass rose from the bed, trying to escape the pain, forcing more of his cock 
to tear into her defenseless pussy.  He grabbed her ass, forcing her pussy 
to accept the cock as it plunged into her pussy, stretching her open to the 
brutal rape.  The Judge continued to enjoy her tight pussy, forcing groans 
from her lips as he penetrated her body.  

	Sally felt so stuffed from the cock as it inched deeper and deeper 
into her body.  Her screams was a pleasure to the Judges ears as he 
enjoyed the sight of this beautiful women, naked and spread beneath him 
as he slid his hard cock almost all of the way out of her pussy and then 
plunged back into her.  Sally cried and gasped as she bucked to escape 
the penetrating cock.  

	"Please, no more, it hurts so bad, leave me alone", she cried.  But 
the rape of her body continued, as the Judge's cock continued the brutal 
rape of her pussy, spearing his cock into her, forcing screams from her 
lips.  His cock continued its rape, past her resisting muscles, pushing 
deeper into her pussy with each thrust intent on maximizing the pain of the 
rape.  His hands mauled her breasts and nipples, while one finger found 
her defenseless and sore anus and forced it into deep into her rectum.  
Her body natural defense pushed away from the invading finger, forcing 
her pussy to accept a brutal thrust deep into her body.

	"Get ready for my first load of come" he said as he pushed his cock 
deeper into her spread pussy forcing a groan from her lips.  Two fingers 
stretched her anal tract wide, forcing her to raise her hips from the bed to 
escape the finger rape of her ass, allowing his cock to penetrate her body 
deeper.  She could feel his cock swell as the come traveled from his balls 
to the tip of his cock and begin to shoot into her pussy.  Again, she could 
feel the hot come spurt deep into her, her pussy beginning to spasm from 
the pain, milking the come from his cock. Two more spurts filled her 
ravished pussy with his hot come until his cock began to shrink in size.  
He pulled it from her pussy with a pop.

	The Judge pulled his body off of Sally, and smiled as he saw her 
spread body, covered in sweat and come from the brutal rape he inflicted 
on her.  "Don't get to comfortable, I want you to get my cock hard again 
with your mouth.  I am going to sit on your tits as I feed you my cock down 
your throat.  Once it is hard, I am going to turn you over and spread you 
open and stick my cock deep into your asshole.  I should be able to fuck 
you for a long time since I have already come once".  
	
	The Judge moved up her body until he sat on her tits, his cock only 
inches from her mouth.  It was still covered with his come and Sally 
cringed, as she knew she would be forced to lick it and get it clean and 
hard.  He would than force his cock deep her into her asshole, reliving her 
anal rape of yesterday.  Again, she would be forced to milk his cock into 
he filled her asshole with his hot come.

	"Lick it" he ordered as Sally's tongue began to bath his cock.  She 
ran her tongue over the head of his soft cock, the salty taste of his come 
filling her mouth with the horrible taste.  "Now open wide, while I push my 
cock deep into your mouth and down your throat.  It will make you gag and 
choke as it goes down, but your throat will milk my cock".

	Sally's mouth opened wide as his now erect cock began the 
descent into her mouth.  She closed her lips on it knowing that once it was 
hard, he would rape her ass.  His cock began its journey to the back of her 
mouth, was withdrawn to her clasping lips and again, forced deep into her 
mouth, each time deeper.  Sally cringed, as she knew the next time he 
plunged into her mouth, he would force his cock into her throat, choking 
her on the hard cock.   

	"GGGASSSPP,   UUUURRRGGGGHHHH' gasped Sally as her 
throat was forced to accept the erect cock deep into her, forcing her throat 
muscles to accept the punishing cock, her gag muscles reacting to the 
rape of her throat.

	The Judge kept his cock deep into her throat, forcing Sally to gasp 
for air before he pulled it out to her lips.  He could feel her tongue bath the 
head of his cock, trying to keep him from plunging it deep into her throat 
again.  The Judge gave her a brutal thrust with his cock, forcing Sally to 
accept the cock deep into her throat, her body gasping from the pain and 
lack of air from the savage rape.  He pulled his cock out from her throat 
and withdrew it from her lips, glistening in spit from Sally's mouth. 

	"Turn over onto your stomach and spread your legs wide" he 
ordered Sally.

	Sally cringed in fear, knowing that her ass would be raped again.  
Yesterday was painful, today would open up old wounds, but she had no 
choice but to spread herself open to be used as the Judge wished.

	"I am going to beat your asshole with the whip for five strokes to 
make it tender again.  I want you to reach back and hold your cheeks 
open so I can make sure the knots beat your tender anus".

	Sally reached back and spread her self open for the Judge to inflict 
his cruel punishment on her body.  Sally looked so vulnerable, naked and 
spread open for the whip and later for his cock.

	"Hold very still and open your cheeks wide" and the whip began its 
first descent into the valley of her ass, striking her open and spread anus.  
Sally gasped in pain, but continued to keep herself open.   "Very good, the 
knots beat into your open anus, get ready for the next".  The whip again 
beat into Sally's ass, stretching her anus as the knots beat down.  Sally 
screamed in pain and her body jerked but she continued to hold the pose. 

	"Push you ass into the air and keep your ass spread open for the 
whip".  Sally raised herself onto her knees, pushing her ass into the air, 
her hands still spreading her cheeks open.  The whip crashed down into 
her waiting ass, tearing into her anus, with one knot reaching down into 
her pussy, forcing a scream from Sally's lips.   The final two stokes 
continued to beat into her spread open anus and Sally gasped from the 
pain.  Her body sank back down into the bed; her legs still spread open.

	A pillow was forced under her ass, thrusting her ass into the air.  
Sally knew that it would be painful when his cock was forced into her 
anus.   Her sphincter would be forced to open to accept the anal rape.

	Again, she felt the Judge move onto her body, igniting the pain of 
the whipping on her.  His cock forced them between her cheeks, opening 
up the wounds of the whipping.  

	Sally felt the head of his cock push against her anus and she 
braced herself for the brutal pain she would be forced to endure.  "No,    
AAAAGGGG, not there, it hurts so bad, please don't, AAAAGGGHHHH", 
she cried as his cock began the painful journey up her ass.  It felt like a 
bar of steel was being forced into her ass.  

	The Judge ignored her cries of pain and forced his cock into her 
defenseless asshole, forcing it to open.  As her muscles relaxed to accept 
the rape and her sphincter opened, his cock pushed deeper and deeper 
into her rectum, forcing cries of pain from Sally's lips as she endured 
brutal thrusts of his cock into her anal tract.  Her tight asshole squeezed 
his cock in ecstasy as he pushed his cock for a final deep thrust into her 
ass, forcing her to accept his cock.  Her head shot up in pain as she 
screamed and she instinctively arched her back up, opening her buttocks 
to him more completely.  Her anus was stretched wide around his cock 
and was expanded to its maximum. He began to penetrate her again and 
again, opening the wounds of yesterday's anal rape, forcing groans of 
pain from Sally.

	Sally was continually driven into the bed by the brutal rape of her 
ass.  Her most intimate opening was savagely beaten and now was being 
raped against her will.  The cock gave Sally cramps when it was buried 
deep into her ass and tore her anus as it was withdrawn.

	"Milk my cock with your ass now, or I will beat you again", he 
ordered.

	Sally grabbed his cock with her ass muscles as he withdrew it from 
her ass.  The pain was worse as her ass tightened on the cock but she 
knew she must get it over quickly.  The cramps and the terrible stretching 
of her anal track was quickly overcoming Sally with too much pain.   Sally 
again tightened on his cock, milking it.

	The Judge was in ecstasy.  This hot and tight ass was massaging 
his cock as he forced screams from her lips after a brutal thrust into her 
ass.  She was forced to pleasure him even when he inflicted pain on her.  
He pushed his cock deep into her ass and began injecting his hot cum 
deep into her rectum.  Her ass milked the come from his cock as he shot 
load after load deep into her body.

	Sally collapsed as the Judge withdrew his cock from her asshole.  
He watched, as her asshole stayed open from the brutal rape and his 
come dripped out.  The Judge left Sally in the cell, spread open on the 
bed, naked and vulnerable.  




Forcing Rebecca to take it in the Ass 

	Rebecca took a shower and cleaned up.  She put on the clothes 
they brought her.  A button down blouse, schoolgirl skirt and 3 inch heels.  
The skirt was very short and if she did not stand up tall, her panties would 
show.  She entered the library again.  They were seated in their large 
overstuffed chairs, but there was now five of them.  In the center of the 
chairs, stood an odd contraption.  It consisted of two railings, one about 
waist high that was padded and the other about one foot in front and one 
foot from the floor.  It was highly polished.	  

	"I am glad you could join us again, Rebecca.  It was a pleasure to 
see you last time, not so much for you, but for us.  You will be taught 
obedience while you are with us.  After years of study and testing, we find 
someone as young as you best learns obedience when the punishment is 
sexual in nature.  At your age, you have a mature body, but the innocence 
of a child.  Submitting to various unnatural sexual abuses of your body 
reinforces the lesson of complete and absolute obedience", said Dr. 
Smith.

	"I will do what you say, just don't hurt me", Rebecca said.  

	"Unfortunately, pain is how you will associate to our commands.  In 
addition, we enjoy seeing a young girl scream in pain as punishment is 
inflicted on her body.  You must submit to our every command, and place 
your body in whatever position we require of you.  We strive to make your 
punishment as embarrassing and humiliating as possible.  Others will be 
brought in to see you and to abuse you at various times.  You may scream 
as loud as you want.  In fact, we encourage it".  

	"This is Mr. Johnson.  He is our guest tonight.  He has requested 
that he is allowed to perform a specific sexual act upon your body and we 
have granted him that wish.   I will explain what it is a little later, but no 
matter you will submit to his wished.  First, Mr. Johnson would like to see 
you better", said Dr. Smith.

	Mr. Johnson was about the same age as the others.  To a 13-year 
old, 60 was senile, and she cringed when she thought of his hands all over 
her body.  He came to her side and pushed her toward the center. 

	"Stand up tall", he ordered.  "Your young body looks lovely in that 
outfit.  The high heels make your legs stand out even more and that short 
skirt makes my cock hard".  He stood behind her and pushed his cock 
against her ass.  It felt like he had a baseball bat in his pants.  It must be 
huge.  

	"Turn your head toward me and kiss me with your mouth open".  
She obeyed and cringed when he stuck his tongue in her mouth and 
moved it around,  "Put your tongue in my mouth" forcing her to kiss back.  
His hands went around her waist as he continued to tongue fuck her 
mouth.  His hands slid up to her breasts.  "Face forward again, arms 
behind your head and push your breasts into my hands.   Eyes open, 
everyone wants to see your humiliation", he said.

	Rebecca obeyed, standing tall, her breasts straining her blouse as 
her breasts were groped.  He squeezed her breasts hard, forcing a groan 
from Rebecca.  "These are magnificent breasts, I can't wait until they are 
naked".  He continued to fondle her breasts, and than began to unbutton 
her blouse.  She knew she would soon be stripped naked in front of them 
again.  

	"Slip your blouse off", he ordered and Rebecca let it fall to the floor.  
She felt him unsnap her bra in the back.  His hands slipped under her 
arms to her breasts and pushed her bra out of the way.  He now had his 
hands on her naked breasts.  He cupped them and forced them out, 
showing the others their beauty.   

	"I am going to abuse your nipples now.  They are very big so I can 
grip them tightly.  Push them out and hold very still.  Tears formed in 
Rebecca's eyes are he brutalized her nipples.  He was pulling and twisting 
them.  He pulled them so far, they stretched her breasts into a cone.  He 
released the nipples and began to slap her breasts.  First underneath, 
than the top and finally he slapped them directly on the nipple.

	"OWWW, that hurts, please leave them alone", she cried, but she 
knew that they would continue abusing her.  She could see the looks on 
their faces, they were enjoying her pain.

	"Take off your skirt, while I play with your breasts, Rebecca", he 
ordered.  Rebecca unzipped the skirt and let it fall to the floor, standing 
naked except for her panties.  She knew that soon they would also be 
stripped from her body.

	"The panties now", releasing her breasts from his grip.  Her nipples 
hurt from the pain he had inflicted on them.  She slid them to the floor, 
now naked in front of them.

	"Spread your legs wide, I want to play with that sweet pussy".  
Rebecca cringed, knowing that he intended to hurt her.  She spread her 
legs wide, revealing her pussy to all of them again.  

	She felt his hands slide from her breasts, over her tight stomach 
and down to her pussy.  "I'm going to spread your pussy lips so everyone 
can see the inside of your pink pussy.  Stand very still and keep your legs 
spread wide".  Each hand grabbed a pussy lip and he began to pull them 
to the side, opening her pussy.  

	"Not so wide, it hurts", Rebecca cried.  

	"You must accept your punishment" and he spread them further.  
He moved his fingers to between her lips and began to run them up and 
down her lips.  Rebecca instantly became wet from the stimulation.  Her 
pussy had never been touched, only spanked before.  She did not know 
what to become of the feelings.  She began to move her hips.  

	He quickly removed his fingers from her slit and slapped her pussy 
as hard as he could.

	"SSSLLLLAAAAPPPP" his hand beat her pussy.  

	"OOOOOOWWWWW, please, that hurts so much", Rebecca 
begged.

	"I will not have you enjoying yourself, you are here to be punished, 
not have an orgasm".

	"I think it is time to get to the main event.  As I told you Mr. Johnson 
had a request that he wanted you to fulfill and we agreed to allow him. Mr. 
Johnson would like to pleasure himself in your ass.  Do you understand 
what I mean, Rebecca"?

	"You mean he wants to put his fingers up my butt, like you did 
before?  I did not like that, it hurt and felt strange".

	"No, this time he would like to put his cock into your asshole and 
fuck your ass until he is ready to cum in your virgin asshole", said Dr. 
Smith.

	"No, he can't do that, it would hurt so bad, Your fingers hurt 
enough, not his penis", begged Rebecca.

	"As I said, we have already granted Mr. Johnson his wish, so you 
must obey and submit to the rape of your ass.  If you do not, you will suffer 
even more, as well as your Mother.  Will you allow Mr. Johnson access to 
your ass, so he may rape it?

	Rebecca cringed knowing that they intended to inflict pain on her, 
but nodded her head.  She had no choice, submit or her Mother would 
suffer. 

	"That is very good, you obey well.  Mr. Johnson is lucky to be able 
to rape your ass.  It is hot and tight and when you milk his cock with your 
ass, he will be enjoying it very much".  

	"That device next to you is where you submit.  I want you to bend 
over the first bar, rest your stomach on it and grasp the lower bar with your 
hands.  Spread your legs wide and give him access to your anus.  You are 
not to move at any time during the rape.  Do not let go of the bar.    Get 
into position and I will tell you about Mr. Johnson and his request".

	Rebecca moved over to the bar.  She bent down, resting her 
stomach on the bar and lowered her hands to the bottom rail.  It was 
smooth and shiny, It looked like it had considerable use before.  The 
position pushed her ass up and out.  When she spread her legs, her anus 
and pussy were spread wide.  Rebecca knew that the position she was in 
was obscene.  A 13-year old should not have to put them in such an 
embarrassing position.  She had now submitted her body to her own ass 
rape.

	"Mr. Johnson would like to have tried anal sex before, but he never 
had the chance before.  You see, Mr. Johnson has a deformity.  His cock 
is not very big around, but it is long.  It is over 15 inches long and he has 
not been able to convince any women to allow him to stick it in their ass.  I 
told him how submissive you we�e and you would allow him to pleasure 
himself in your ass".

	"No, don't let him do that, it will kill me.  I am just a little girl."
	
	"Yes, it will hurt very much.  It will stretch your anus when he first 
puts the head in, but the worse part is later.  When he starts to feed your 
asshole all 15 inches of hard cock it will feel like a lead pipe put up your 
butt.  We expect you to scream all your want.  Mr. Johnson also has the 
ability to hold his erection for a long period of time.  He expects to fuck 
your ass for over 20 minutes.  His strokes will force your colon to 
straighten out to accept his cock and will be quite painful, but we expect 
you to continue to hold the lower bar until he is finished.  Enough talk 
now".

	Mr. Johnson stood in front of Rebecca and began to remove his 
clothes so she could see his cock.  As he slipped down his shorts, 
Rebecca gasped at the size of it.  It was true; it was over 15 inches long.  
She knew that it would inflict considerable pain on her, but they did not 
care.

	He moved behind her and began to fondle her ass.  "What a 
beautiful ass you have Rebecca" he complemented her.  His hand moved 
to the crack and pushed lower to her anus.  It was small and pink.  When 
he got finished with her, it would be swollen and red.  He rubbed some 
Vaseline on his finger and pushed it into her anus.

	"AAAAHHHH' cried Rebecca, surprised at the sudden invasion of 
her anus.  His finger moved deep into her rectum, lubricating her anal 
passage for his long cock.

	"They said you were good at grasping with your ass.  Grab my 
fingers with your ass and don't let go until I tell you to".  Rebecca 
submitted and clenched her ass muscles onto the fingers, squeezing 
them.  "Release them, that was good. When I am ready to cum, I want you 
to milk my cock with your ass.  It will cause you more pain, but this is for 
my pleasure.  Grab my fingers again".  Rebecca felt like a sex slave, 
forced to submit to these depravities, but she obeyed and clenched her 
ass onto the fingers again.

	She could feel him grab her hips and place his cock on her anus.  
"It is now time for your anal rape.  Are you ready?  Ask me to please rape 
your ass."

	"Please rape my ass and get it over quickly" she said.

	He began to push his cock into her virgin ass.  The Vaseline helped 
the head push in.  "OOOOOWWWWWW" her anus ripping to allow the 
cock entry.  He pulled his cock completely out of her anus and allowed it 
to go back to its normal size.  He than thrust the head back in again, the 
pain just as bad the second time.  He was forcing her to relieve the rape 
over again.  "OOOOOOWWW" she cried again.  "Please get it over 
quickly".

	"You just got the head, you still have 14 more inches of cock to go".  
With that he began to push in another inch, than out.  The next thrust in 
gained 2 inches, the next 3.  As more and more cock was forced into her 
rectum, Rebecca's screams became louder.  He was gripping her hips 
hard and pounding his cock into her ass, forcing her to accept his 
punishing cock.  Her hands gripped the bar tightly, bent over being ass 
fucked.  Sweat began to pour on her body from the cruel rape.

	Rebecca screamed from a particularly cruel push that forced over 7 
inches of hard cock into her rectum.  His cock began to move into her 
colon, stretching her where one should not be stretched.  The strokes out 
were almost as painful as the in.  Each stroke went further than the last, 
bringing fresh screams of pain.

	The others began to move toward her, wanting to watch her 
screams of pain.  They had pulled out their cocks and were stroking them 
in front of her face.  They wanted to see when she would finally be forced 
to accept all 15 inches of cock up her ass.

	Ten inches of cock was now being forced into her colon.  One of 
them in front of her began to run his cock over lips as she screamed.  
Someone at her side grabbed her nipple and began to pinch and pull it 
from her body.

	Eleven inches and the cramps began to be unbearable.  Her colon 
was being forced to straighten out and there was still more to come.

	"How do you like my cock now, little girl?  You still have 4 more 
inches to go and than I will really start to fuck you hard and cruel.  You will 
be forced to take all 15 inches every time".

	Fourteen inches of cock was in her ass and her ass was on fire.  
Cramps were constantly.  The last inch finally came with a deep thrust 
from all the way in that knocked the breath out of Rebecca.  He pushed up 
against her ass, feeling like he was trying to drive his cock through her.  

	Rebecca's was now screaming in pain all of the time.  It felt like a 
huge unyielding pipe was pushed up her ass and twisted in her guts.  He 
began to pull his cock out, creating suction.   He brought his cock until 
only her anus grasped the head.

	"Now the fucking starts" and he pushed his cock forcefully into her 
ass, making sure she felt all 15 inches of cock fill her virgin ass.  Rebecca 
screamed as he beat a painful tattoo up her ass.  Each time he would feed 
her all 15 inches, no mercy was given.  

	Rebecca was in constant pain.  In addition, one of the men pushed 
his cock into her mouth.  "Suck it and bathe my cock with your tongue".  
Her nipples were being abused, scratched and pinched, but it was nothing 
compared to the pain in her ass.  

	Her anal rape when on for long minutes.  Someone had already 
come in her mouth and she was forced to swallow it.  Another cock soon 
replaced it and she was again sucking it.  Her anus was bleeding from the 
rape and she could feel where her insides were torn from the brutal rape.  
Fifteen minutes and he was still fucking her hard.

	She continued to hold the bar tightly, submitting to this awful rape.  
Twenty minutes and he said, "Now show me how good you are at milking 
my cock".  Grasp my cock with your ass.  If you don't I will fuck you for 
another twenty minutes".

	In a state of constant pain, Rebecca began to grab his cock with 
her ass muscles, milking it as it was withdrawn each time.  The pain 
increased, but she knew it would be soon over.  He began to push harder 
and harder into her ass, trying to drive his cock as deep as it could go.  
The cock in her mouth began to come and she was again force to swallow 
a load of come.  Another cock replaced that last one, this one larger, 
forcing her tired jaw to expand to allow it to enter.

	He began to come into her ass, shooting a jet of hot come deep 
into her body.  Her ass clamped on his cock, forcing another load of come.  
Two more filled her colon with the hot come.  His cock began to soften, 
but with fifteen inches of cock, it would not come out until pulled out.  

	"Would you like me to fuck your ass again, I think I could go for an 
hour this time".  He pulled his cock out of her ass and Rebecca slumped 
over the bar, exhausted from the anal rape.  Her anus was bleeding and 
come was running out.  Her pink anus was now bright red and swollen.

	Rebecca was led back to her room to clean up again.  She knew 
that she would again be forced to submit to their obscene pleasures upon 
her innocent body.  She had already taken a cock in her mouth and in her 
ass.  It would be soon that they would want to stick their cocks into her 
pussy.

(To be continued).




Pain for Sally-The Examination-Chapter 6

	Sally was released from the bed.  She dragged herself over to the shower and
began to wash the traces of her rape from her body.  Her pussy and asshole stung
as the water ran down her, washing the dried cum down the drain.  She dried off
and lay back down on the bed and tried to sleep, but any little noise woke her.

	Sally must have dozed off because she jumped from the sound of her cell
opening.  She watched as the Sheriff and two other deputies came into her cell. 
"Where is Rebecca, is she all right?"

	"She is in temporary foster care and is being taken care of.  Continue to
cooperate and she will continue that way.   You must be examined so come with
us," the Sheriff ordered, pulling Sally up from the bed and securing her hands
behind her back with his handcuffs.

	Sally was pushed into the hallway, naked, her arms handcuffed behind her
back, followed by the two deputies.  She could feel their eyes on her naked ass
as she was led down the corridor until the arrived at a door marked "Examination
Room".  The door was opened and inside was a gynecological table in the middle. 
In the two corners near the head were leather straps attached to the corners. 
The stirrups were higher than normal and attached to them were also leather
straps.  Sally cringed in fear as she realized that if she was placed on the
table, she would be bound tightly, unable to prevent them from taking advantage
of her naked and spread body.

	"On the table, slut.  On your back, hands over your head and place your feet
in the stirrups.  Spread your legs wide," she was ordered by the Sheriff.  He
released the cuffs from behind her back and helped her onto the table, taking
liberties with her naked body as he did.  One of the deputies was at the other
end of the table as she slid back, grabbing her arms and pulling them to the
top.

	"Where is the Doctor?' Sally asked as the deputy strapped first her right
wrist into a leather cuff and than proceeded to secure her left wrist.  The
deputy bent down over her faced, "We know what to do to a slut like you, we
don't need a doctor to tell us." 

	The deputy grabbed her head and whispered "stick you tongue in my mouth or I
will punish you" forcing his lips over hers, his tongue pushing into her mouth. 
He continued to kiss her, Sally forced to return the kiss with her tongue,
tasting the foul breath of the deputy.  His hand roamed over her body, pushing
down toward her naked breasts.

	Sally could feel hands grab each of her ankles and push them into the
stirrups.  She could feel per pussy lips spread as her legs were spread wide,
her embarrassment returning at being treated like a piece of meat.  Leather
straps encircled her ankles, securing her legs wide open.  Hands ran up her
legs, her inside thighs, seeking her spread pussy.  The other deputy continued
tongue fucking her mouth, his hands now kneading her breasts, searching and
forcing her nipples to become erect.  His fingers became more insistent, pulling
and pinching her tender nipples.

	"You like that, Bitch, how about a little pain," his fingers tearing at her
nipple, stretching her breast into a cone.  "If you like this, you will love
what we have in store for you.  We are going to abuse your body.  We get hard
from hearing your screams of pain.  Than we are going to rape your body. All
three of us are going to fuck you at the same time.  We are going to fuck your
asshole, pussy and mouth.  You will be so full of our cum by the time we are
finished with you.  If you fight us, we will visit Rebecca and take her
instead."

	Sally moaned in pain as her nipples were pinched and pulled.  The other
hands had reached her spread pussy and two hands pulled her pussy lips apart,
spreading her pink insides open.  Another hand pulled her clit hood back,
exposing her clit to their abuse.  A finger grabbed her clit, forcing it to
become hard like a pebble as it was manipulated and pinched.  "Your pussy is
getting wet, Sally.  You're nothing but a slut.  We are going to make you cum so
many times before we even fuck you.  You are going to get off on the pain and
the pleasure."

	"Get her tied up."  Sally could feel motors begin and the stirrups began to
part her legs and push them back toward her head.  Her legs spread open wider,
her thighs aching as they spread.  Her pussy was opening, spreading wider, her
hips rising from the table as her legs were pushed toward her head.  She could
feel the cool air on her anus as her cheeks opened.  The table began to retreat
from under her ass, leaving her ass and pussy unprotected.

	A platform began to drop from the ceiling, chains and clamps, dangling from
it.  The clamps were large and were meant to inflict the maximum amount of pain. 
They would tighten as they were pulled.  Sally knew they would tear at her flesh
and she would provide them their pleasure as she screamed in pain.
	
	"Tie her tits up first.  Get the clamp on them."  One of the deputies
approached her breasts, two one-inch boards, over 18 inches long, joined by long
screws with wingnuts.  He pushed her breasts between the two boards, the screws
open over three inches.  He pushed them far down and than began to tighten the
wingnuts.  Her breasts began to push between the ever shrinking boards, pushing
her breasts out, the blood pushing into her nipples.
	
	"No more, they are becoming too tight," but the deputy continued to tighten
them, compressing her breasts between the boards.  Her breasts were flattening
out, the pain beginning to get worse.  "Oh, God, that hurts," her breasts being
crushed by the deputy.  He flicked her nipples, inciting a sharp pain as the
blood surged to the tips of her tits.
	
	"Look how red and flat they are becoming," the boards now open two inches
and still closing more.  The deputy began to kiss her again, forcing her to
tongue fuck him as he continued to compress her breasts, exciting him as her
groans of pain filled his mouth.
	
	"No more," the pain was radiating from her crushed breasts.  His fingers
kept tightening the wingnuts, the gap now only 1 1/2 inches, her breasts now
pinched tightly, her nipples erect and hard from the abuse.  "AAAAHHHH, take
them off," Sally cried.
	
	The guard had to put considerable pressure on the wingnuts to tighten them,
her breasts squeezed to the maximum, the pain now intense.  Sally felt his
fingers release the wingnuts but now began the manipulation of her nipples
again.  Blood filled her nipples, forced by the tight bondage of her breasts,
making them tender to the touch.  His fingers seized the nipples, forcing a
scream of pain from Sally as his nails tore into her tender nipples, a drop of
blood forming on the nipple.  "Just getting them ready for the nipple clamps.  I
have some nice clover clamps for them.  As they pull from your body, they
tighten.  They also have teeth on the clamp that will bite into your nipple.  It
will feel like I am ripping your nipples from your tits.  And I will be trying
to do that.  Your screams of pain will bring pleasure to my cock."
	
	Sally watched as the Deputy pulled the clover clamps down toward her
nipples.  Her breasts were already in a considerable amount of pain.  She knew
that it would soon become even worse.  The Deputy grabbed her right nipple
between his fingers, stretching it, getting it ready to feel the bite of the
clamp.  It seemed like slow motion as she watched the clover clamp spread open
and placed over her erect and hard nipple.  Suddenly it snapped tightly over her
nipples, her screams ringing in the room as Sally felt unbelievable pain as her
nipple was crushed between the teeth of the powerful clover clamps.
	
	"You scream so nicely, are you ready for the next?"  Again Sally watched as
the other clover clamp pinched her left nipple.  She screamed in pain, the
clamps forcing her to endure the torment on her bound and tortured breasts.  She
continued to scream as the Deputy began to play with the clamps, each time
igniting a fresh batch of pain in Sally, as the clamps crushed her nipples.
	
	"Stretch them out, I want her to feel the pain continuously, I am going to
make her cum," shouted the Sheriff, Sally's screams echoing off the walls.  The
Deputy began to pull the clamps up toward the ceiling, her nipples stretching
from her chest, the clamps beginning to pinch and tear her tender nipples.
	
	  Sally watched as her nipples pulled higher and higher, the pain
increasing.  Her nipples were now stretched as far as they would go, the clover
clamps smashing her nipples, the teeth tearing.  Her screams were constant, "No
more, you are pulling my nipples off, AAAAGGGGHHHH, I will do anything."
	
	Sally felt the Sheriffs hand move toward her spread pussy again.  His
fingers pushed into her pussy.

	"You are such a slut, your pussy is so wet."  His fingers began to
masturbate Sally, another pair of hands returned to her clit, grabbing it,
forcing a scream from her lips as it pinched it cruelly, the pain from her clit
mixing with the pain from her bound and clamped breasts.  Three fingers searched
deep into her pussy, spreading her wide, forcing her pussy to open wider.  The
Deputy at her head began to pull on the chains connected to her nipples, screams
coming from Sally's lips as her nipples were pinched tighter, crushing her hard
nipples.  "Cum, Bitch, cream for us or we will tear your nipples off."

	The hands and fingers continued the masturbation of bound and clamped Sally. 
Sally began to fell the first signs of an orgasm as the pleasure began to mix
with the intense pain they were inflicting on her tender body.  Four fingers
were now spreading her pussy open, plunging deep inside her, than pulled quickly
out, her pussy juice coating his fingers.  They continued their ruthless finger
fucking as her clit was continually abused.  Her hard clit was tortured by
fingers tearing at it, pulling and twisting as her nipples continued to be torn
from her body.

	"OHHHHH, GOD, AAAAHHHH," screamed Sally her body beginning to tremble as the
first orgasm hit her.  Five fingers stretched her pussy wide, the pain mixing
with the pleasure as her clit was masturbated.  The first orgasm began to
subside just when a second, more powerful orgasm shook her body.  Sally screamed
again in a mixture of pain and pleasure.  The fingers were removed from her
pussy and pushed deep into her mouth.  Sally could taste her own pussy juice
coating her fingers.  Her tongue ran over them, licking them clean.  "Take the
clamps off my nipples, they hurt so bad."

	"We are just getting started, slut.  I am going to clamp your pussy now. 
Than you are going to have to cum for us again. "

	" Clamp her pussy now," the Sheriff ordered the other Deputy.  Sally felt
her pussy lip pulled from her body as she saw three more clover clamps fall from
the ceiling.  "Two for your pussy lips and one for your clit.  That one is
especially tight.  It is serrated so that it will bite into your clit as it is
pulled from your body.  It will be hard to cum when your clit is clamped, but if
you don't, we will not let you loose."
	
	Sally screamed in pain as the first clamp bit into her tender pussy lips. 
It was pulled up, stretching her open as the same time as the second clamp bit
into the other pussy lip.  It too was pulled high, stretching out toward the
ceiling.  The worse was the one on her clit.  Her clit was already tender from
the orgasm's she had just experienced and now it was pinched cruelly by the
powerful clover clamp.  Her throat began to get hoarse from the screams as her
body trembled from the terrible pain they were inflicting on her tender body. 
Her hips tried to raise from the table, but they just continued to pull the
chains, forcing Sally to arch her ass up from the pain to try to relieve the
pain radiating from the all of the clamps attached to her delicate sexual
organs.  When she began to tire from the raised position and her hips began to
fall, the clamps tightened, forcing her to resume the raised and spread
position.
	
	"You son of a bitch, take the clamps off of me, you are tearing my body
apart," yelled Sally at the Sheriff, her body rocked by the pain they were
inflicting on her.
	
	"If you cum again, we will take them off."  The Sheriff reached between her
legs again, finding her clit, now pinched between the clamp.  He grabbed her
clit at the base, the part not pinched by the clamp and began to masturbate
Sally again.  The Deputy now pushed all five fingers in Sally's' dripping wet
pussy, forcing it wider.  The other Deputy began to rub Sally's nipples, forcing
them to get harder, making the clamps pinch tighter.  "Cum, Bitch."  All of
three of them was forcing Sally again to cum while she was in unbearable pain. 
They continued their forced masturbation of Sally while tapping the chains
attached to the clamps, bringing a fresh batch of pain to her punished nipples
and pussy.  Her pussy bathed the fingers in her pussy with her cream. 
	
	"I'm cumming, you Bastard," yelled Sally, the forced masturbation having its
desired effect on her ravished body as her orgasm began to overwhelm her.  Her
body shook in pleasure, forcing the clamps to bite into her nipples and pussy as
her body pulled on the clamps.  The added pain mixed with pleasure and her next
cum was bigger than the first.  Her body began to shake as her orgasm
diminished, the pain returning again.
	
	"Take off the clamps, I did what you wanted, it hurts so bad," her screams
beginning again as her now tender clit began to throb in pain from the cruel
clamp.
	
	"If you agree to fuck us all at the same time, we will let you lose,"
ordered the Sheriff.
	
	"I will do anything, just take the clamps off, I hurt so bad."
	
	Screams rang from Sally's lips as the clamps were released from her body. 
The blood began to rush back into her nipples and pussy, sending a fresh batch
of pain to her brain.  The pain seemed worse than when they were on.  Finally
they were all pulled from her body and the wood clamp released her bound tits. 
Her nipples were red and sore, as was her clit.  It had retreated back under her
clit hood, tender and abused.  Her legs and arms were released from the leather
straps and she was pulled into a sitting position.
	
	The two Deputies and the Sheriff began to undress.  Soon they were naked,
their hard and erect cocks waiting to plunge into Sally's orifices.   The
Sheriff laid down a bed, his cock pointing up, waiting for Sally to ride it.
	
	"Come over here, slut and park your nasty cunt over my cock and fuck
yourself down on it."
	
	Sally moved slowly to the bed, her body still riddled in pain from the
torture they had inflicted on her.  Her pussy ached as she walked and she knew
that the gang rape of her body was going to be painful for her.  She sat on the
bed and straddled the Sheriffs middle, raising up over his cock.
	
	"Down you go, Bitch, fuck my cock into your cunt.  If you don't fuck us
good, it's the clamps back, but this time it will be Rebecca that will feel the
bite of them."
	
	Sally cringed in pain as she spread her pussy over his big cock and began to
lower herself down, forcing her pussy to open wide.  It hurt, but she continued
to fuck her pussy down, each time forcing more of his cock into her spread
pussy.  She finally reached the end, his cock now trapped in her hot and wet
cunt.
	
	"That feels so good, slut.  Your hot and tight cunt is gripping my cock
tight." 
	
	Sally felt hands push down on her back, forcing her to lay down on the
Sheriff, her body jumping as her abused nipples brushed against his chest, new
pain rushing to their tips.  She could feel one of the Deputies get on the bed
and push between her legs.  She knew that he would soon be forcing his cock into
her asshole again.  It was still sore from the previous rapes and now it would
be stretched open again, at the same time her pussy was also raped.
	
	"Open your asshole for me, it will be easier for you if you do.  Push out
like you were trying to shit."  Sally felt his cock, wet from his saliva push
against her defenseless anus and she cringed as it began to spread open.  She
tried to relax her asshole and the helmet shaped head of his cock entered her
anus, stretching it open, forcing a gasp from Sally's lips as she was again tore
open.  "Here comes my cock, Bitch," his cock forcing deeper into Sally, screams
coming from her lips as her anal track was torn from the brutal rape.
	
	 She suffered as the cock pushed deep into her body, going into her rectum
and deeper into her colon, forcing her to relieve the previous rapes of her
asshole. His cock brought back fresh pain.  Soon he was pushed deep into her
colon, his cock flexing inside her, bringing fresh pain and cramps from the
cruel rape.  Her body trembled in pain, twin cocks stretching her groin, a tiny
membrane of skin separating the two big cocks.
	
	"Open your mouth, cunt, it's time to suck cock," hands lifting her head up,
fingers entering and opening her mouth.  She could feel another cock brush
across her lips, precum dripping onto her lips, the heavy, salty tasting cum
filling her mouth.  "Wrap your sweet lips around my cock and do a good job of
sucking me off.  When I cum, you better swallow every drop or I am going to fuck
sweet Rebecca until she can't stand any more."
	
	Sally's lips grabbed the cock in her mouth, her tongue running over the
head, the cock pushing deeper into her mouth.  Sally choked as it reached her
throat.  It pulled back out and he began to fuck her face, holding her head
tightly, his cock pushing to the back of her throat each time, choking her. 
	
	"It's time for a good fucking, cunt."  All three of the men began their
brutal gang rape of Sally's tender and abused body.  As the Sheriff pushed into
Sally's pussy, pushing painfully against her battered clit, the Deputy behind
her pulled his cock almost all the way out of her asshole.  It felt like he was
pulling her insides out.  As soon as the helmet of his cock was squeezed tightly
by her stretched asshole, it forced itself deep into her asshole, tearing
Sally's anal track, cramps ravishing her body.  The cock in her mouth was
continually forced deeper and deeper, choking her as it reached for her throat. 
Each time it went deeper, forcing her throat to accept its rape.  Her throat
grasped his cock tightly as it entered, feeling like a tight cunt gripping his
cock.
	
	The three raping cocks continually buffeted Sally's body, each trying to
force a scream from her lips as they tore into her body.  They moved faster and
faster, their cum getting ready to shoot into her body.  The cock in her pussy
pushed deep into her, battering her cervix, bruising her insides as it beat her
from the insides.  The cock in her ass began to get bigger as it was ready to
cum, tearing her anal track wider, blood on his cock as it pulled from her raped
asshole.  The cock in her mouth pushed deep in her throat, his hands preventing
from moving off of it, her air supply stopped.  Her body began to jump around,
trying to escape the asphyxiation by the cock in her mouth, fucking the other
two cocks in her unwilling body.
	
	All of a sudden all three cocks began to hose Sally's body in their cum. 
Her pussy filled with cum, as did her colon, the hot cum shooting deep into her. 
The cock in her mouth pulled back from her throat just in time to shoot on her
tongue, the hot, salty cum choking Sally as it filled her mouth.  The gang rape
of Sally continued until all had filled her body with their cum.  They pulled
from her body, leaving her collapsed on the bed, cum dripping from her lips,
down her thighs and her asshole, bleeding and soaked in cum.   They all wiped
their cocks clean in her hair and left her on the bed.
	
	"You are such a whore," the Sheriff said, leaving Sally alone again.
	
(To be continued)




Punishing Rebecca-Chapter 7

	They had told her that the committee for Children Services wanted to see
her again.  She was to get dressed in the clothes they supplied her and someone
would get her within one hour.  She was to take a shower and be ready on time. 
Failure to be on time would be punished.  She thought back to the last time.
They had forced her to strip and bend over the bar and let Mr. Alec stick his
fifteen- inch penis in her bottom.  It had hurt so bad when they let him do
that.  He had ripped her bottom and it was still sore.  She wondered what they
would do to her this time. 

	As she stepped out of the shower, a towel around her, someone entered
the room.  It was the deputy.  He stared at her half-naked body, the towel just
barely covering her vagina.

	"You were told to be ready in an hour, why aren't you ready?"  His voice
boomed in the tiny room that she was locked in.

	"I thought I had enough time, I don't have a clock," she stammered. 

	"You are going to make the committee very mad for being late.  Now get
dressed and let's go.  Don't make it any worse."

	"Can you leave and come back in five minutes?" her voice begging.

	 "We don't have time, now take off the towel.  I have seen your mother
naked and she has a great body.  Does her daughter also possess the same type of
body?"

	Rebecca heard the mention of her mother's name.  "Is my mother alright?

	"She is doing just fine.  The Sheriff and I visited her last night and
she did an excellent job of cooperating with us.  You will both be taken care of
as long as you obey.  As you will soon find out, the Committee believes in
corporal punishment.  Now stand facing me and remove the towel."  The deputy sat
in the chair, watching and waiting for Rebecca to strip off the towel.

	Rebecca stood facing the Deputy and let the towel fall to the floor. 
She closed her eyes, not wanting to see the Deputies eyes as they feasted on her
young naked body.  She could feel the cool air in the room blow on her body, her
nipples becoming hard and erect.

	"Open your eyes and look at me.  Yes, that's a good girl.  You have a
very beautiful body, so young and ripe.  Put you hands behind your head, stick
out your tits for me," the Deputy wishing he had time to fuck her before they
left. 

	Rebecca cringed every time the Deputy spoke.  She could see the evil in
his eyes as he looked at her naked body.  She was being forced to perform like
she was a street whore.  She raised her arms and laced them behind her head. 
Her breasts stood out, her nipples hard.  She heard his voice again.

	"Spread you legs open wide, I want to see that young pussy.  Nobody
fucked your pussy yet, but I have a feeling it will be soon.

	She knew he was right, they had already forced her to suck a penis and
someone had put his penis up her bottom.  It was just a matter of time before
someone would have her vagina.  Her legs spread, she could feel the cool air on
her pussy as her pussy lips as began to open.

	The deputy couldn't believe that this eighteen-year old had such a great
body.  Her mother was a great fuck, Rebecca would be even better.  He had to get
the Sheriff to let him fuck her later.

	"We have to get going, but first I want you to come over here and get on
your knees.  We still have a few minutes."

	Rebecca knew what he wanted.  He was going to force her to suck his
penis.  She moved towards him and got to her knees before the chair.  He stood
up, his crotch level with her head.

	"Unzip my pants and take my cock out.  Get acquainted with it," he
ordered her. 

	Rebecca did as she was ordered.  She pulled his zipper down and
unsnapped his pants.  His pants opened and she could see his hard cock straining
his shorts.  He helped her, sliding his pants down to the floor.  He stepped out
of them. 

	"Come on bitch, grab my cock and put it into your mouth.  It wants to
feel your hot breath and you tongue on it."

	Rebecca pulled his shorts down and he stepped out of them.  His cock
sprung out in front of her face, already she could see precum on its tip.  She
grabbed it with her hand and felt his body shudder.  She began to run her hand
up and down it, masturbating it for his pleasure.

	"In you go baby, put it in your mouth and lick it up and down.  I want
to feel those hot lips wrapped around my cock."  He watched as her head moved
forward and her mouth opened.  He could feel her hot breath as she moved closer
to his cock.  He felt as her wet lips closed on the head of his cock and her
tongue began to run over it.  He had his own eighteen-year cocksucker, kneeling
before him, her lips wrapped around his cock.  "Oh, Yeah, you are a natural born
cocksucker, you're better than your mother is."

	Her mother had also being degraded, forced to suck a penis, just like
she was.  Rebecca began to push her mouth deeper onto the cock, her tongue
running over it as she masturbated it with her mouth.  She felt the deputy's
hands on the side of her head, instructing her on how to take it deeper. He
pulled her onto his cock, forcing her to take it to the back of her mouth.  The
next time he pulled her, it pushed into her throat.  "GGGGHHHH, AAAWWWW," she
began to gag and choke on it.  "GGGHHHH." 

	"Yeah, bitch, suck my cock down your throat my little cocksucker.  Come
on, you can do it, swallow my cock."  He let her pull away from his cock and
than pushed her back onto it.  He could feel her trying to stop him, but he was
more powerful and he pushed her onto it until he heard her gag on it again. 
This time she began to swallow it, her throat grasping his cock tightly.

	Rebecca tried to stop him from pulling her face onto his cock but he was
too strong.  The cock began to enter her throat.  She gagged as the fat cock
pushed down, her throat forced to accept it.  "AAAGGGHHH," she cried, tears
running down her cheeks as her throat burned as his cock pushed in.  She could
not breathe, the cock blocking her throat.  She sucked in air through her nose. 
She felt a hand reach down to her neck, feeling his cock.

	"I knew you could deep throat it.  It's not like you had a choice.  You
are going to swallow my cock or anyone else's cock we want you to.  You are
nothing but a receptacle for our cum.   We will fill your mouth, your pussy and
your asshole with it.  And there is nothing you can do about it.  You are going
to become our cum slut.  Now suck my cock.  I'm almost ready to cum and you are
going to swallow every drop of it.  If you spill any of it, I will beat your ass
until you can't sit down for a week."  He allowed her a brief respite than
pulled her mouth back down, forcing his cock back down her throat.

	"GGGGHHHHWWW," the cock again blocking her throat.  She felt it go even
deeper, feeling like a sword was pushed into her throat.  She licked the cock,
hoping to make him cum.  She knew he was going to shoot her mouth full of his
vile, hot cum, but she had to get this over with.  She felt him ease off on her
head.  His cock came out of her throat and she could tell that he was ready to
cum.  She ran her tongue over the head of his cock, tasting his cum. 

	"Here it comes, cunt, let it run over your tongue, I want you to taste
my cum."

	Rebecca felt it begin to shoot, running from his balls, along his cock,
to shoot out the head.  She ran her tongue over it as it began to shoot.  She
almost choked from the first blast of the vile cum filled her mouth.  She
swallowed the load as fast as she could, the cum feeling heavy and salty.  By
time she got the first load down, a second more powerful load shot out.  Rebecca
gagged, some of the cum shooting out her nose as her mouth was again filled with
his cum.  Oh God, when is he going to finish, she thought.  I can't take much
more.  She swallowed, trying not to get sick as the thick cum ran down her
throat.  Her stomach was beginning to fill with his cum.

	"That's it bitch, swallow all of my cum.  Oh, Yeah, what a cocksucker. 
Here comes another load, swallow it."  He pushed his cock in her mouth deeper
one last time, his last load of cum filling her mouth again.  He could see her
cheeks swell up, filling with his cum.  "Swallow cunt."

	Rebecca swallowed the last load of cum and fell over onto her side, cum
on her lips.  Her stomach turned over, wrenching from all of the cum she was
forced to swallow. 

	"That's enough break time, cunt.  Get dressed, you are already late. 
The Committee will punish you for that.  If you make any mention of what we did,
you will never get out of here in one piece.  Now move it."

	Rebecca stood up and put on the clothes she was given.  It was the
schoolgirl outfit again, short skirt, button down blouse and three-inch heels. 
Her bra was low cut and her panties were thongs.  Not that it mattered.  She
knew that they would force her to strip naked soon after she arrived.

	The deputy took Rebecca down the hall.  They entered the last room at
the end of the hall.  This was the same room that she was in before.  When
Rebecca entered she saw the same four men sitting in their overstuffed chairs as
before.  The chairs faced Rebecca. 

	"You're late, Rebecca.  We are very strict on regulations around here. 
You are going to be punished for that.  I told you we believe in corporal
punishment and you are about to find out what I meant."  Dr. Smith had an evil
grin on his face as he said that.  He was going to enjoy her punishment.  The
committee enjoyed punishing their charges and found every excuse to do it.

	Dr. Smith picked up the phone and spoke into it.  In less than a minute,
the side door opened and three men came in carrying various pieces of furniture. 
They were all in their late teens, not much older than Rebecca. They looked
Rebecca over as they carried the furniture in.  Rebecca knew she was not going
to like what they were going to do to her.  She only hoped that they were here
only to bring the furniture in.  In was bad enough to strip naked in front of
the committee, they were all over 60 years old, the others were just like her,
her own age.

	Rebecca cringed in humiliation when she heard Dr. Smith say, "you
gentlemen may stay if you like, we could use some help.  Rebecca has been bad
and must be punished.  I think you will enjoy it." 

	"Yeah, we'd love to.  She is fine looking."

	"Push that one piece into the center of the room," Dr. Smith asked. 

	Rebecca watched as a wooden frame was pulled toward the center of the
room.  It was about waist high, a bolster, about four-inches wide covered the
center.  In front, almost floor height were two large hinged rings.  At the
other end, the same types of rings were attached.  She knew she was going to be
bound to it, but she did not know why or how.

	 "Thank you, now if you will just be patient, we will take care of
Rebecca's punishment.  Rebecca, you must learn to obey.  We are going to make it
very painful so you will remember next time.  We are going to whip your breasts.
You have very large breasts so it will require ten strokes to each breast,
paying close attention to whipping your nipples.  Please go over to that cabinet
and take out the leather whip that has twelve strands.  I want you to bring it
over to me."  Dr. Smith motioned over to the other side of the room to the
cabinet.

	"No, please don't Sir," Rebecca begged.  "Don't whip my breasts!!!!!" 

	"Behave, Rebecca, or we can make it worse for you and your mother.  If
you do not cooperate, your mother will have to substitute for you.  Now go get
the whip immediately," Dr. Smith's voice raised.

	Rebecca looked around the room, all eyes on her as she moved toward the
cabinet.  She opened it and was shocked.  It was full of whips, straps, belts,
paddles and other punishment devices.  She looked around and found the one Dr.
Smith mentioned.  It was an evil looking piece.  At the end were twelve separate
strands were knots.  They would tear into her flesh when they hit her.  She
picked it up and carefully carried it over to Dr. Smith.  She could see the
others watching her as she did.

	"Here, Sir, please, I will be good, I will do anything you say, just
please don't whip my breasts."  She begged Dr. Smith, but she knew it would do
no good.  They wanted to see her suffer. 

	"You will be good after we punish you.  You will not forget this.  Now
stand over next to the bench.  I want you to remove your blouse and bra and
stand with your hands linked behind your neck.  You know the position.  We want
to see your breasts."

	"Please, not with them here.  It is too humiliating."  She hoped at
least it would be only the four of them, not the other three. 

	"You will now receive fifteen strokes on each breast, would you like
more, or will you cooperate?"

	Tears ran down Rebecca's face as walked over to the bench.  She faced
them and began to open her blouse one button at a time until she reached the
bottom.  She pulled it open, her low cut bra uplifting her large breasts.  She
pulled it off her shoulders and down her arms, it falling to the floor. 

	"The bra now, Rebecca.  Let us see those lovely breasts.  I remember you
have very large nipples.  The whip will love to seek them out."

	Rebecca reached behind her back.  She noticed that when she did this,
her breasts almost pushed out the low cut bra.  She unsnapped the snap and
pulled the straps off her shoulders.  She held the bra in front of her, holding
out baring her breasts until the last moment.

	"NOOOOW, that's twenty strokes on each breast now," the Doctor getting
impatient. 

	Rebecca let the bra fall to the floor, put her hands behind her head and
thrust her breasts out.  She did not know if she could take twenty strokes to
each breast.  She looked around the room, all eyes were staring at her naked
breasts.

	"Now gentlemen, if you would assist me with Rebecca, we need to get her
situated.  I am afraid she is not going to like this so I think she will have to
be bound."  Dr. Smith motioned them to move toward the bench.

	"Rebecca, will you please put your back to the bench and sit on the edge
of the bolster. 

	Rebecca moved to the bench and she sat on the edge.

	"Would two of you each grab a wrist and the other hold Rebecca's feet to
keep her from falling and slowly lower her wrists to the rings in the front of
the bench.  Bend her back slowly, let her back slide onto the bolster.  I want
her bent backward, the bolster supported under her back.  When you get her
wrists down, put them in the rings and shut them down and snap them."

	Rebecca felt the hands grab her wrists.  She was slowly lowered to the
floor.  A pair of hands grabbed her ankles, her legs rising as her head and arms
were lowered to the front.  She could feel her skirt sliding up her legs as her
arms were brought to the floor.  "Please, no, please don't do this," she cried. 
Her arms were now at the floor level, the rings snapped shut, trapping her
wrists in them.  She was now bent over the bench, her head and arms almost
touching the ground, her back arched high, supported by the bolster.

	"Her legs now, lower them and lock them in the other rings.  Carefully
now, I don't want her back broken.   Dr. Smith watched as they bent Rebecca over
the bolster.

	Rebecca was almost upside down, bent over the bench.  She felt the hands
grab her ankles and they began to spread her legs.  They moved them down toward
the floor.  Her back began to strain, bending in a bow.  She felt them grasp her
ankles harder, pulling them until it reached the rings.  She could hear the
clank as the rings were locked, her ankles now trapped.  She felt a hand run up
her leg, running under her skirt.

	"She does a beautiful body doesn't she, especially bent over like she
is," Dr. Smith noticing that one of the boys were rubbing her leg.  Rebecca was
bent over the bench, her back supported by the bolster, her arms and legs spread
to the corner, close to the floor.  The position arched her high on the bench. 
Her naked breasts were now thrust up toward the ceiling.  She was in the perfect
position for her breasts to be whipped.  The bolster would prevent any movement,
allowing the whip unfettered access to all parts of her breasts.

	"PLLLeeasse, don't, it feels like my back is breaking, don't whip me, I
will do anything you want," her begging falling on deaf ears.

	"Now, now Rebecca, you must pay for your disobedience.  Would one of you
gentlemen play with Rebecca's tits and get them ready for the whip, pay
particular attention to her nipples, I want them hard and erect, a big target
for the whip."

	The others almost fell over themselves to get at Rebecca's tits.  They
cocks had grown hard and erect at seeing such a beautiful, young girl submit to
stripping naked in front of them.  Two of them reached Rebecca first, each
grabbing one of her large breasts, now thrust prominently up into the air, her
nipples pointing toward the ceiling.  They cruelly grabbed them, squeezing them
hard, their massive hands almost completely encircling them.  Fingers sought out
her nipples, pinching and pulling them until them pointed out toward the ceiling
hardening under the large fingers tightening on them.

	The men watched Rebecca's face cringed in pain as the young strangers
mauled her tits.  She would grimace in pain as they pinched her nipples
painfully, stretching her nipples, fingernails digging into her tender flesh.

	"I think Rebecca is ready gentlemen, if you would have a seat we can
continue.  I see that her nipples are very hard and erect.  They will make very
good targets for the whip.  Her screams will be music to our ears.  If you like,
you may use her mouth later to satisfy you.  Rebecca is a very skilled
cocksucker and would love to drink your cum."

	"Please, don't whip me sir, I will be good," she begged.  She could see
the lust in the eyes of the three young men.  She would be forced to suck their
cocks and swallow their cum.  She watched as Dr. Smith men got up and walked
over to her bound body.  He picked up the whip and his hand caressed the leather
straps and the hard knots at the end.  She could not believe the cruelty of
these men, whipping her tender breasts. 

	"You may scream as loud as you want Rebecca, we enjoy that," Dr. Smith
raising the whip over his head.

	It felt like slow motion as Rebecca watched as the whip rose high in the
air and moved down toward her bound body.  She saw the whip hit her right tit,
the knots tearing into her flesh, beating painfully into her hard nipple.  The
pain did not initially register, than all of a sudden the pain hit her brain and
her scream rang out in the room.  Her body jerked hard as it tried to escape but
the wooden frame kept her securely bound.  It was only the first, she was to
receive twenty on each breast.  She did not know how she would survive.  The
pain was excruciating.  "OOOOHHH, GGGOOODD, AAAWWWW, no more, hurtsss so bad,"
she screamed.

	Dr. Smith ran his hand over her right breast, he could feel her body
cringe as his hand caressed the smooth skin, now beginning to turn red from the
whip.  He sought out her nipple with his fingers, feeling her body jump as he
tightened onto the delicate flesh now slightly torn from the whip.  "You have
such lovely breasts, Rebecca.  When we are finished they will be so tender.  It
will make you move around trying to escape the hands that molest you.  It makes
you so much more exciting."

	His hand moved up into the air again, the whip again moving to slap into
her flesh again.  It moved down with a sudden force, this time slapping hard
onto her left breast.  All watched Rebecca as tears formed in her eyes and a
scream was torn from her lips as the excruciating pain bore into her body. Her
body bounced on the wooden frame.  "Yes, it hurts doesn't it Rebecca, we enjoy
the pain we are inflicting on you."  The whip again tore into her flesh, her
screams beginning to weaken in intensity.

	"OOOOOOWWWW, Oh God, why are you doing this to me, you are tearing up my
breasts," she cried out.  She jerked around on the wooden frame, trying to
escape their punishment.  "No, more, I will be good and do anything you say, I
will suck your cocks, anything, but please don't whip me anymore."

	"Yes, Rebecca, you will suck our cocks and anything else we want you to
do, but first you must receive your punishment.  You will receive all forty
strokes of the whip on your tits.  Next time you will remember to be on time and
to obey all of our commands.  We would love to whip your pussy next time.  I
have a single strand whip that would tear between your pussy lips and beat your
tender pink pussy.  It would be so enjoyable to see your legs spread, the whip
beating between them."

	Rebecca continued to scream as Dr. Smith beat her with the whip.  The
knots tore into her delicate nipples, the intense pain shooting into her brain,
wrenching another scream from her lips, her body glistening from the sweat
pouring from her body as she endured the cruel whip.  She could see the evil
smile on Dr. Smith's lips as the whip bore down on her tit flesh again and
again.  She saw the others rubbing their cocks through their pants as the
whipping excited them, her screams making their cocks hard.  She faintly heard
Dr. Smith tell her that she was halfway finished before the whip started again. 
Her breasts were now red and small traces of blood could be seen on her nipples
as the whipping continued.   The pain seemed to be distant from her as her body
began to refuse to feel anymore.  She could hear the slap of the leather on her
flesh but the pain was now remote, seemingly detached from her, as if it was
happening to someone else.  She felt her nipples, hard, seemingly searching out
for the whip, waiting for their cruel caress.  She came back to reality when she
heard Dr.Smith's voice again.

	"Two more, Rebecca, and it will all be over. Than it will be time to
suck some cock."  Dr. Smith swung the whip again, this time with all of his
strength, slapping down on her whipped left breast, at least six of the knots
beating into her pained nipple.  He swung one last time, this time catching her
right breast and nipple, a final scream torn from her lips.

	Rebecca screamed once again as she felt the whip tear into her breasts,
the knots more painful than before.  "No more, please, ooooww," she begged, her
breasts now red and painful, her nipples tender and beaten.  She watched as Dr.
Smith put down the whip and returned to his chair. 

	"Would you like to suck these gentlemen's cock now, Rebecca?  Ask them
nicely and maybe I wouldn't have to whip you anymore today."  Dr. Smith watched
as the three young men got up and walked over to Rebecca, their cocks already
out.

	"Please, may I suck your cocks and drink you cum," she begged, anything
would be better than the whip.  She feared the whip between her legs, the whip
on her breasts was bad enough, she did not think she could survive a pussy
whipping.

	One of the young men watched as Rebecca opened her mouth wide as he
straddled her head.  He grabbed her head on the sides as his big cock forced its
way into her mouth, feeling her lips close around the mushroom shaped head. 

	Rebecca's tongue beginning to lash out on the sensitive tip, soaking it
with her saliva mixed with his precum.  She hated being forced to degrade
herself like this, forced to suck a cock, but she feared the whipping more.  She
felt more it enter her mouth forcing her tongue to the side as it filled her
mouth with the large tool.  Hands held her head as it began to fuck her mouth,
just like it was a cunt, raping in and out, moving to the back of her mouth. 
She knew that they would enjoy forcing her to choke and gag on the cock, making
her take it deep into her throat, her gagging forcing their cum up from their
balls until it would shoot into her moth, filling it with the thick, salty cum. 
	
	His cock hardened as he looked down at her innocent face, her mouth
stretched wide to accept the large cock forced into her mouth.  He watched tears
run down her cheeks as she gagged and choked as his cock pushed in and out of
her throat.  He pushed harder, holding her head tightly, not allowing her to
escape the rape of her mouth and throat.  He could feel the cum building in his
balls, ready to shoot into her mouth, making this sweet, innocent young girl
swallow his hot cum.  He pulled back from her throat, ready to shoot. "Use your
tongue on my cock, cunt, suck my cum out," he roared as he pumped his cock into
her mouth, his cum shooting into her mouth, filling it to overflow, making her
swallow to keep from choking on the hot, pasty cum filling her oral cavity.
	
	"AAAGGGHH, gggguugggghh," her mouth filling with the hot cum.  She
swallowed as fast as she could but the cock shot another load into her mouth
before she could finish swallowing, making her choke and gag.  The taste was
vile, she could still not get used to the thick, salty fluid forced into her
mouth.  She continued to suck and swallow, trying not to choke to death.  She
knew that this was only the first, she did not know how many she would have to
suck before they let her loose. 
	
	One of the men pulled his softening cock from her mouth, wiping his cum
on her lips and face before another moved into his place. 
	
	Rebecca opened her mouth as another cock was pushed in, a body
straddling her face, hands gripping her head.  This cock was not as big around,
but was much longer.  It immediately sought out her throat, entering it
abruptly, forcing it deep inside.  Her throat muscles reluctantly grabbed at it,
her gagging massaging the cock as it fucked her throat.  She could not breathe
as she was continually fucked deep in her throat.  It pulled out, her lungs
sucking in deep breaths of air before it plunged back in again, fucking her
senseless.  The cock fucked her face for long minutes before it too began to
shoot it's cum into her mouth, filling her stomach with even more.
	
	The third cock began its rape of her mouth, her lips and tongue now numb
from the brutal fucking that she had endured so far.  Her tongue reluctantly
sought out the cock, hoping to get it over with.  She did not think she could
continue much more.  They were using her mouth as a cum receptacle, fucking it
as it was a cunt.  He continued to fuck her until he began to cum.  He pulled
his cock from her mouth and stroked it as he began to cum, shooting it all over
her face and eyes.  She could feel the hot fluid sitting on her skin, seemingly
burning a hole in her flesh.
	
	"You are a very good cocksucker, Rebecca, I bet you did not think you
had so much talent," Dr. Smith's voice bringing the humiliation of what they had
forced her to perform back to reality.  "Release her from the frame and bring
her back to her room.  Let her clean up," he ordered the deputy.
	
	"We will join you in your room in an hour, Rebecca.  I know you are a
virgin and I intend to fuck you first, than the others will have your pussy." 
They got up and left the room as the deputy help pull Rebecca's pain filled body
up from the wooden frame, having to help her stand.
	
To Be Continued




Part 8

Raping Rebecca-The Show

	Rebecca was allowed to go back to her room and take a shower.  She
bathed her whipped breasts and managed to brush her teeth enough times to
finally get the taste of sperm out of her mouth.  Her throat was still hoarse
from the brutal mouth and throat fucking they had inflicted on her.

	She heard the sound of feet coming down the hall again just as she
finished getting dressed again.  Another new "schoolgirl outfit" was provided
for her.  The skirts were getting shorter and the tops were getting tighter. 

	The deputy inserted the key into the jail cell and opened the door.  He
saw Rebecca standing there, finishing buttoning up her top.  The sneakers and
white socks highlighted her long legs, accented by the short, plaid skirt she
was wearing.  Her top was a white, cashmere button-down sweater, seemingly one
size too small.  Her breasts were definitely flattered by the tight sweater
pulled tightly over her bra.

	"Well, Rebecca, you are gorgeous enough to fuck, but I guess that is
where I am to take you, to get fucked.  The Committee has a special treat for
you.  They want to make you losing your virginity a memorable occasion and I
think what they have planned will accomplish that."  The deputy eyed Rebecca,
his cock hard.  "Come over her for a minute, we have time for a little grab ass
before we leave," he ordered her.

	Rebecca cringed when she heard what the deputy said.  She knew that she
would be further humiliated when they raped her.  And now the deputy was going
to molest her again before they left.  Last time she earned a punishment for
being late, all because she had to blow the deputy.  "Please, don't make me late
again," she begged.  She walked over to the deputy, watching as he grabbed his
crotch, feeling his cock.

	The deputy reached out for Rebecca as she got close, he pulled her arm
bringing her close, her back to him pushed up against his stomach.  His hands
circled her waist, touching the cashmere sweater.  He always loved a pair of
tits in a cashmere sweater.  The feel of youthful breasts, hugged tightly by the
soft fabric, hands gripping them tightly, there was nothing better.  He moved
his hands up, grasping the soft breasts of Rebecca.  His hands molded the firm
breasts, urgently squeezing them, drawing a gasp from her lips.

	Rebecca felt the deputy pushed against her back, his hard cock digging
into her ass.  His hands reached for her breasts and grabbed them tightly, a
sharp gasp of pain escaping from her lips as he mauled her young breasts, still
sore from the whipping she had received.  "Please, that hurts, they whipped my
breasts so hard today, your hands hurt them, please, no."

	"Shut up, I don't care what you feel.  You have such lovely tits and
they feel so great in that sweater, not stand still."  His fingers kept
squeezing and pinching her breasts as his cock began to push and rub against her
ass.  She could feel it getting bigger and harder.  The deputy searched out and
found her nipples, forcing them to get hard and erect, his fingers pinching
them.  He could seem that poking out her sweater, her tits pushed out, her
nipples pointed and hard.  "No, you can't be late today, they are expecting you
to be on time, but tonight, I am going to get a piece of your hot pussy.  When
this is all over, I am coming back to visit and you're going to fuck me with
that tight little pussy until I drop a load of cum deep inside you.  Now,
straighten up your clothes and let's go.  Put you hand behind your back, they
want you with handcuffs on.  Makes you look so much more fuckable."

	Rebecca straightened out her sweater and felt the cold steel slap on her
wrists, binding her arms behind her back.  The cuffs pushed her breasts out
further, the buttons just barely able to contain them.  The deputy pushed her
out of the cell and down the hall.  Rebecca thought it strange when they did not
go into the library, but stopped the next door down.  She could hear voices
inside the room, many voices. 

	"Inside, time for your party."  The deputy opened the door and pushed
Rebecca inside.

	"What is this," Rebecca exclaimed when she was pushed into the room.  It
was a large room and it was filled with about 30 people.  The Committee for
Child Services were there, as was the Sheriff, the three teens that had raped
her mouth, Mr. Johnson, the one who had raped her asshole and an assortment of
other strangers, both men and women.  All were at least 40 years old, many had
younger women with them, most of them teenagers.  They were all seated in
comfortable chairs around the center of the room.  The humiliation of what was
about to happen was confirmed when she saw what was in the center of the room. 
It was a large four poster bed, raised up high off the floor and it was slowly
rotating.  Attached to the corners were various leather straps.  They intended
to rape her in front of everyone.  She looked around the room for any sign of
help but she was disappointed.  Most of the men were already having their cocks
stroked by the teenage girls sitting next to them.  They were eagerly awaiting
her degradation. 

	Dr. Smith stood up from his chair, one of the four large overstuffed
chairs in the front of the room, befitting of the power of the Committee of
Child Services.  "Attention everyone, Rebecca is here to entertain us, so please
have a seat and let's get on with the show for tonight.  My, you certainly do
look positively good enough to eat tonight, Rebecca, but that's another time,"
he joked, the crowd laughing loudly.

	"Please, not in front of all these people," her eyes looking desperate,
searching out anyone to help her.  All she saw were laughing faces, all except
the teenage girls.  She could see sympathy in their faces, as if they had
suffered the same fate, but their hands continued to rub the cocks of the men
next to them, their eyes diverted from hers.

	"But, Rebecca, this is a special occasion, you are to lose your
virginity and we thought that it should be a celebration and what's a
celebration without a lot of people.  You have met a lot of us, or at least our
cocks.  You have taken them in your mouth and up your tight little ass.  The
rest of the people paid a lot of money to see your virgin pussy get raped and
even more money to fuck it.  The girls with them all are like you, they're under
the direction of the Committee of Child Services, though they have been here
longer and as you can see by their busy little hands, have learned their place
in life, to pleasure any person we order them to.  Deputy, bring Rebecca up to
the front."

	Rebecca was pushed forward by the deputy until she reached the center of
the room where the bed was.  The deputy released her cuffs and Rebecca rubbed
her wrists.  She looked around the room, everyone was staring at her in
anticipation of stripping her naked and raping her.

	"As the head of the committee, I got the honors of taking your
virginity, but before the night is over, your tight little pussy is going to be
used by almost everyone in this room, except the girls, that will be another
occasion," the room laughing again.  "I think the audience would like to see
your body, while it looks very enticing in that outfit, I think they would
rather see it naked.  But, we would like to make it as enjoyable for everyone,
so we would like to prolong it as long as possible and make it enticing as you
can.  Now, I know you want to cooperate as much as possible because if you do
not, your mother will be punished for your reluctance.  The judge would love to
visit her tonight since he got himself a new whip today.  It is a very special
whip, with metal stars at the end of each strand.  They would tear into your
mothers tender flesh very painfully, especially if she was bound with her legs
spread and the whip was used on her open pussy.  Now, Rebecca, will you
cooperate with us?"

	Rebecca looked at Dr. Smith and knew she would cooperate, no matter what
they did to her.  She did not want her mother punished for her reluctance. 
"Yes, sir, I will do whatever you want, just leave my mother alone."  She
lowered her head and looked at the floor.  She knew that they had won.  She
would do anything and everything, including degrading herself to spare her
mother.

	"Yes, I thought you might cooperate.  Now, why don't you be a good
little girl and kneel down in the center of the bed facing us."  He watched
Rebecca as she climbed on the bed.  The bed was high so as she climbed up, her
skirt rode up in the back and she flashed the audience a look at her panty-clad
tight ass.

	"Great ass, she heard from the audience, blushing as she realized that
they were already getting a glimpse of her body.  She turned around in the
center and kneeled on the bed, facing the audience, her head down.

	"Look up at the audience, you are always to have your eyes open, looking
at the audience.  We enjoy watching your expressions as you proceed under our
direction.  That's good.  Now rise up a little, doesn't sit down, just on your
knees.  Yes, that's good, now spread your legs open, yes, wider, yes, that's
good, Rebecca.  Back straight, arch a little, stick your tits out, they are so
lovely, yes, that's good."

	Rebecca felt like a trained dog as Dr. Smith gave her instructions,
requiring her to move her body until he was satisfied with her position.  She
was now perched up on her knees, her legs spread wide, her short skirt not even
touching the bed.  Her breasts were strained against the tight blouse, her back
arched, thrusting them forward.  She never felt so humiliated, performing,
showing off her body for their enjoyment.

	"Very good, remember that position, I want you in it again, but first, I
want you on your hands and knees, facing the audience, head up, staring straight
ahead."

	Rebecca bent forward until her hands hit the bed.  She raised her head,
facing the audience.  She heard Dr. Smith tell her to spread her legs more and
she complied, her knees pushing further out.  More, he told her and she again
moved them outward, now over three feet between her knees, her thighs straining.

	"Your head higher," he ordered her.  He watched as she complied giving
the audience a look at her young breasts now hanging down, the cashmere sweater
confining them.  "Unbutton the top button," he ordered.  The audience watched as
her ample cleavage began to show.  "Another."  The cashmere sweater began to
open, revealing more of her lacey bra, her breasts attempting to spill out of
the top.  "Such lovely tits you have, Rebecca, don't you think so?"

	"Yes, sir," her face turning red.  She looked down for a second and she
could see how exposed her breasts were already.  They hung down, gravity pulling
them toward the bed, the bra just barely able to contain her large breasts.  She
looked up and saw all of the faces staring down at her breasts.

	"Now stay still, I am going to turn the bed."  Dr. Smith pushed the
button and the bed began to slowly rotate until Rebecca's back was to the
audience.

	Rebecca could feel the bed turning, at least she would not have to face
the audience.  As she was almost turned all the way around, she noticed the
large mirror covering the wall behind her. 

	"Yes, I still want you looking at the audience, this time through the
mirror.  Now look at that lovely ass on Rebecca.  Mr. Johnson was privileged
enough to have the opportunity to fuck Rebecca up her tight asshole and he has a
fifteen-inch cock.  Mr. Johnson told me that it was the tightest ass he had ever
fucked, but anything being fucked by a fifteen-inch cock would be tight."  The
audience laughed again.  "There will be opportunities later for others to also
fuck Rebecca's asshole."

	Rebecca cringed when she heard the crude comments and that they would be
raping her ass again.  Mr. Johnson's cock had hurt her bad, she could just
barely walk after he finally had cum deep inside her colon.  She heard Dr. Smith
ordering her to lower her head onto her arms, and stick her ass up higher in the
air.  She bent forward, her ass rising higher, the cool air blowing on her upper
legs, her skirt riding higher up, uncovering her panty-clad ass cheeks.

	"Higher, Rebecca, yes, we want to see that tight ass, yes, that's good. 
Look at those ass cheeks with her tightly drawn panties.  Just imagine what she
will look like when those panties are gone.  Now back in the kneeling position,
Rebecca."

	Rebecca obeyed, getting back in the kneeling position, facing the
audience.  Her face was flush from the bent over position.  She looked at the
audience and caught the eye of one of the young girls.  She smiled back, her
hand busily stroking the cock of a man three times her age. 

	"Please take off your sweater, as much as we like it, the audience is
getting a little impatient and want to see you naked.  Dr. Smith watched as
Rebecca unbuttoned the last two remaining buttons and pushed the sweater off of
her shoulders and down her arms.  She threw it on the floor next to the bed. 
"That's good, Rebecca, now lace your arms behind your neck and stick your tits
out.  Look at those beauties.  I bet the audience can't wait to see them naked. 
Now, Rebecca, scoot over closer to the edge of the bed and take off your bra and
get back into position with your tits out," Dr. Smith ordered her.

	Rebecca moved over to the edge of the bed.  She was now very close to
Dr. Smith and she knew that he wanted to be able to reach her body as soon as
she bared her breasts.   She reached back and unsnapped her bra, letting the
tension release.  She hesitated.

	" Show us your tits, Rebecca, throw your bra on the floor and eyes
forward."   He watched Rebecca obeying his command.  She let the bra slip to the
floor, her breasts now naked for all to see.  She put her arms behind her head,
her youthful breasts standing high, her nipples already hard and erect.  "Yes,
that's a good girl.  Dr. Smith looked at the audience, all eyes on the large
pair of teenage tits displayed before them.  Some of them grabbed the hands of
the girls next to them, forcing them to stroke their cock faster.

	Rebecca watched Dr. Smith's hand come slowly over to her naked breast. 
She felt the cold hand heft her right breast, weighing its mass in his hand,
slowly raising and lowering it.  His finger sought out her nipple, running his
nail around her areola, small goose bumps forming on her dark brown flesh before
grasping the large, light colored nipple.  His fingers grasped her tightly.  She
could feel her nipple growing in size, the pain and pleasure of his pinching,
stimulating her.  She hated her body for betraying herself. "Look at the size of
her nipples," his fingers squeezing one tightly.  "Imagine sucking it in your
mouth, biting it, you could really make her squirm."  He moved behind her,
reaching around in front of her, grabbing both of her breasts with his hands,
hefting them up in the air, offering them to the audience.  "These babies would
love to have a hard cock slipped between them, fucking them."  He released her
breasts and moved back to the side.  "Remove your skirt, show everyone the nice
panties you are wearing."

	Rebecca's hands slowly unbuttoned the skirt, pulled down the zipper and
let if fall to the bed.  She stood kneeling on the bed, her breasts naked, her
panties the only clothing covering her body.  "Please, don't make me do that,"
she begged.  Dr. Smith had ordered her to put her hand in her panties and begin
to play with her pussy.

	"I wouldn't tell you again, Rebecca, now obey, or it's the punishment
for your mother."  Dr. Smith watched as Rebecca's hand pushed into her panties
and he could see the outline of her fingers caressing her pussy.  "That's a good
girl, I want your pussy wet when I rape you.  Remove the panties, we all want to
see that virgin pussy one last time." 

	Rebecca cringed when she heard the order.  She would now be naked and
vulnerable.  She let her panties slide down her tanned thighs until she reached
her bent knees. 

	"Stand on the bed and remove your panties."

	Rebecca stood up, towering over the audience and slid her panties down
her legs and kicked them to the floor.  She stood there, standing high above the
audience, their heads looking up at her naked pussy. 

	"Kneel back down, this time make sure your legs are spread open.  Arms
behind your head, show us your tits." 

	Tears began to form in Rebecca's eyes as she got into the position that
Dr. Smith ordered her.  She was now kneeling on the bed, naked except her socks
and sneakers.  She parted her knees, knowing that they wanted her to spread her
pussy open for them.  She arched her back, her large, firm breasts pushed high
in the air, her hands clasped behind her back, forcing them out even further. 
She watched as Dr. Smith's moved back over her body.

	"Lean back, I want your tits aimed for the ceiling and your pussy pushed
out."

	Rebecca leaned backwards until she was staring at the ceiling, her back
aching from the position, her pussy pushed forward, her thighs aching from the
stretched position.  She felt Dr. Smith's hands grab her breasts, pinching her
nipples hard again.  She twisted her body, trying to escape the cruel, pinching
fingers but it looked like she was trying to encourage the fingers.  She felt
his hand slide lower, over her stomach, to her abdomen until finally reaching
her pussy, the fingers sliding through her silky pussy hair.  She cringed as she
felt the palm of his hand run through her bush.

	"You have a very beautiful pussy, Rebecca.  I think you should be the
one to show it to our audience, not me.  Straighten up.  Yes, that's a good
girl.  Now, I want you to use your two hands and spread your pussy lips open so
everyone can see your pink pussy."

	"Don't make me do that," she begged Dr. Smith, but her hands already
began to move down her stomach.  Rebecca had masturbated before, often, but only
in the confines of her own bedroom, with the lights out.  Her fingers fanned out
over her bush and each hand sought out her pussy lips.  She grabbed her pussy
lips gently and began to pull them apart.  She looked out in the audience, one
of them men grabbed the girl next to him and pushed her mouth down onto his
naked cock when Rebecca spread her pink pussy to him.

	"Further open, no, more, Rebecca.  Yes, that's better.  Look at that
nice pink pussy.  When we are finished today, it will no longer be a virgin
pussy and it wouldn't be pink, it will be a bright red.  It's going to feel a
lot of hard cock pushed in and fucked with.  Now, Rebecca, run a finger up and
down your pussy slit from your clit all the way to your asshole, get your pussy
wet.  When I rape you, I want you wet."

	Rebecca ran her finger along her pussy slit, her finger running over the
hard nub of her clit, pushing her pussy juice down until she came to her anus,
her finger spreading her wetness over her swollen and inflamed anus.  Mr.
Johnson's rape of her anus had hurt her bad and she was still sore from the
fifteen-inch cock forced deep into her colon.  Her eyes began to close as her
pussy began to get wetter, trying to forget the crowd of people watching her so
intently.

	"Eyes open, see everyone watching you masturbate yourself.  Now, push a
finger in your pussy until you reach your hymen.  I want you to start finger
fucking yourself and take your other hand and rub your clit.  I want you wet and
horny when I fuck you."  Mr. Smith ran his hand over Rebecca's as she stroked
herself, "yes, that's so good, feel how wet your pussy is getting.  You're
getting wet from masturbating yourself in front of them, you're becoming a real
slut."

	Rebecca cringed in embarrassment when Dr. Smith called her a slut.  She
was being forced to play with her own pussy in front of them and she was getting
wet from it.

	"That's good, Rebecca, very good.  Now I want you to get on your hands
and knees, your ass to the audience and spread your legs wide.  I want you to
give them a good show of your pussy and also your asshole.  That's a good girl,
now reach between your legs and spread your pussy lips open.  Wider, they want
to see that tiny pussy that my hard cock is going to rape."

	Rebecca got into the "doggie" position, her head down, her ass pushed up
into the air.  She reached between her legs and pulled her pussy lips apart, she
had a hard time holding them open, they were so wet with her pussy juice.

	"Now, spread your ass cheeks more and play with your asshole, I want you
to wet your finger from your pussy and push it into your asshole.  Show everyone
how it is still tight after Mr. Johnson raping it."

	"Oww," Rebecca pushed her finger into her anus, still sore from the anal
rape until it entered her rectum.  She could feel her sphincter trying to push
it out, reacting after the brutal rape Mr. Johnson had inflicted on her.  "Oww,
that still hurts," she cried.

	"Very good, my cock really needs to fuck you now.  I want you to lie
down on the bed and bend your knees and put your feet flat on the bed.  Hands
over your head and grab the headboard and do not let go of it.  And than I want
you to slowly spread your legs open until I tell you to stop.  Let everyone see
your pussy open up for its rape."  Mr. Smith watched as Rebecca got into
position, her teenage body positioning itself for its own rape.

	"Please, let me suck your cock, I'm a virgin and want to stay that way. 
I will do a good job, just don't rape me."

	"I'm going to let you help me rape you.  Now first, slowly spread your
legs until I tell you to stop."

	Everyone watched as Rebecca revealed her virgin pussy, her legs
spreading wider and wider.

	"Raise up a little, we want to see your asshole open also." 

	Rebecca raised her ass up from the bed, her body arching up, revealing
not only her pussy, but also her anus.  Her thighs began to ache as her legs
were spread over three feet, but she continued.  She could feel her pussy lips
parting, the cool air rushing over her pussy and her exposed anus.

	"That's good, now hold that position.  Look at that teenage pussy and
asshole, open and ready for a good hard cock.  You gentlemen will have to wait
your turn, I get to take her cherry.  I will love to hear her gasp of pain when
my cock breaks through her hymen and she forever looses her virginity, knowing
that she is being taken against her own will.  Now lower your ass to the bed,
its time to fuck."

	Rebecca watched as Mr. Smith undressed.  While he was almost 60, a
terribly old age to a teenager, he was still in remarkable shape.  Rebecca saw
his cock, over eight-inches of hard cock displayed when he removed his shorts. 
She saw his hand stroking it, making it harder as he walked closer to the bed. 
She started to close her legs when she felt Mr. Smith get on the bed.

	"Legs open, Rebecca.  Don't try to hide that pretty little pussy from
everyone."  Mr. Smith watched as Rebecca reluctantly spread her legs wider, her
pussy opening up again, her pink pussy begging for a hard cock.

	Rebecca felt Mr. Smith grab her legs and lower them to the bed, his
hands urging her thighs further apart, the ache beginning.  He kneeled between
her legs, his cock standing out erect as his hands caressed her thighs, working
towards up her toned thighs, seeking out her pussy.  He was too old.  She had
romantic thoughts of how she would lose her virginity, a strong, handsome boy
her old age would take her gently.  It was not suppose to be by a sixty-year-old
man in front of thirty strangers.  Mr. Smith grabbed her hands and pulled them
toward his cock.

	"Feel my cock, soon it is going to be in your tight little pussy."  He
made her hands caress his cock, twitching in anticipation of the warm, tight
place it would soon be.  Mr. Smith slid down, lying on top of Rebecca, his knees
spreading her legs out further as he situated his body so that his hard cock
rested on her spread pussy.  His cock jerked as it rubbed against her silky
pussy.  His hands moved up to grab her breasts and squeeze them tightly,
pinching the nipples as they moved to the tips.  "What a set of tits you have,
Rebecca.  I can't wait to see them bounce around when I fuck you."


	Oh God, she thought, he wants me to kiss him.  She felt his lips press
against hers, his fingers still abusing her nipples as his tongue sought out her
mouth.  Never, I am not going to let his tongue in my mouth.  His tongue became
more insistent, trying to push between her tightly grasped lips.  "OOOWWW," she
yelled, her mouth opening in pain as Mr. Smith's fingers brutally pinched her
tender nipples, forcing her mouth open in pain.  His tongue entered quickly,
moving around inside her mouth, seeking out her tongue.  "AAAGGG," she cried
again, her scream muffled by his mouth, as her nipples were again brutalized. 
She began to move her tongue over his, she did not want to feel the pain again. 
She could feel his hard cock moving against her pussy, sliding up and down her
pussy slit.  She tried to move away, but only succeeding in giving him more
pleasure as her pussy rubbed against the hard cock.  She felt him remove his
mouth from hers and his body pull up, supported by his arms. 

	"Yes, you must obey, or it will be more painful for you.  I will do
whatever I want with your teenage body and you are not to try to stop me, is
that understood," his hands again reaching out for her hard nipples, his
fingernails digging into the tender flesh, a gasp of pain coming from her lips.

	"Yes, sir, please, don't hurt me, I will do what you say."

	"That's a good girl, now it is time for you to lose your virginity. I
want you to do it.  Reach down for my cock and rub it over your pussy, get it
wet, it will make it go easier and less painful if you get it wet."

	Reluctantly Rebecca reached down and grasped the hard cock.  Dear God,
this will split me open, she thought as she began to rub the head of his cock up
and down her spread pussy lips, soaking it with her pussy juice.  She felt it
twitch as she continued to rub it.

	"Now, put it inside your pussy and raise your hips, pushing it in.  I
want you to begin to fuck yourself on my cock."

	"Please, don't make me do this, fuck my mouth, anything, but don't take
my virginity," she cried out.  She saw the look on his face and knew that we was
going to fuck her no matter what.  She pulled his cock up until it reached her
pussy and pushed her hips up to gently push the head in.  She felt her pussy
begin to stretch open to allow the large head of his cock to enter her.  "No,
its too big," her hips still pushing up, slowly forcing her own pussy to accept
the cruel instrument in her virgin pussy.  She pulled back and then back in
again, slowly opening her pussy, the cock entering her about and inch, back out,
then back in again.  Each time her pussy stretched open wider and hurt less.

	"Your pussy feels like a tight glove, it's squeezing the head of my
cock.  This is going to be a good fuck."  Dr. Smith reached one hand down and
slid it under her ass, forcing her to push up, his cock pushing further into her
unused pussy, spreading the walls of her pussy to expand to take the big cock. 
"That's a good girl, take my cock."  His hand grabbed the cheek of her ass hard,
forcing her up at the same time he pushed down, his cock now bumping against her
hymen.
	
	"Oh, God, please, that hurts," she cried, tears forming in her eyes as
her pussy was spread open further than it ever was.  She could feel the hot
flesh, now hard as steel, slowly pushing into her virgin pussy, spreading her
flesh open to accept the rape of her body.  She felt his hand under her ass,
searching for her sore anus, pushing her body up, forcing her to fuck herself on
his cock.  "AAGGHH," the cock now bumping against her hymen, "no don't take my
virginity," she begged.  She felt the cock retreat from her pussy, than push
back in again, this time more urgent and more powerful.  She knew that he would
soon rip through her body's only defense and take her virginity from her
forever.

	"It's time for you to learn to fuck, the next time I am going to tear
through your hymen and forever take your virginity."  Dr. Smith's mouth sought
out hers, wanting to smother her scream as he took her brutally.  His tongue
pushed into her mouth, his finger squeezing her nipple painfully, reminding her
of her position.  He felt her respond to his tongue fucking of her mouth as he
pulled back his hips, ready for the final plunge into her virgin body.	He
grunted as he pushed in with all of his strength as his hard cock tore into her
virgin pussy, tearing her hymen as he forced four inches of hard cock into her
teenage body.  His finger sought out her anus, pushing the fingertip into her
reluctant anus until it was buried up to the first joint, her sphincter
struggling to expel the fat digit.  Her hips bucked up, hoping to escape the
cruel fingering of her sore anus, only succeeding to help with the rape of her
virginity. 
	
	"AGGGHHH, GGGRRR," Rebecca mumbled, her cries of distress and pain
smothered by Dr. Smith's mouth and tongue fucking of her oral cavity.  The pain
tore through her body, unbelievable pain as her hymen was torn brutally by Dr.
Smith's fat cock as it pushed relentless into her unused vagina, tearing her
flesh as it stretched her open.  She pushed her hips deep into the mattress to
escape the cruel rape, only to buck up as Dr. Smith's finger violated her sore
anus and plunged ruthlessly into her anal tract.  She bounced around, driving
his cock deeper into her torn vagina, fucking him back like a whore in heat. 
Her hands clenched tightly on the headboard as the pain traveled through her
innocent body, her body trembling as she felt Dr. Smith's body covering hers,
his hips pulling back for another cruel thrust into her pussy.  She could feel
the wetness down there, not sure if it was blood from her torn hymen or it was
her pussy becoming wet from being aroused by the cock penetrating her body. 
Please, don't let him make me cum, she thought.  Not while I am being raped.

	Dr. Smith pulled his lips from her face after he wrenched the screams
from her lips as he tore her hymen.  He felt her body jerk up, his finger in her
asshole driving her to fuck back on his rampaging cock.  He saw the pain on her
face as he readied his cock for another plunge into her super tight pussy.  He
saw her fists clench tightly on the headboard, readying herself for another
plunge of his cock.  She was willingly bracing herself for the rape of her
pussy, subjecting her body to his will.  He pushed his hips down again, his
finger pushing harder into her dry anal tract again, his cock pushing deeper
into her pussy, pushing her flesh apart to accept the hard instrument of his
lust.  He felt her sphincter grasp his finger, trying to expel it from her body,
as her pussy grabbed his cock in reflex.  His cock pushed brutally into her
unused pussy slowly, forcing the flesh to push aside.

	"OOOOWWW, you're tearing me up, please take it out, please, I will do
anything," she begged.  Her hips bucked up and down, not sure what direction to
take.  The cock pushed them down, the finger forcing her hips up, her body
jerking about in abandonment.  She felt the cock pushing deeper into her body,
now over six inches of hard cock entering her.  Her pussy clamped tightly onto
his cock, milking it, trying to expel the intruder but only succeeding to entice
Dr. Smith to fuck her harder and deeper.

	"Fuck me back, Rebecca, drive your pussy up on my cock.  Take it deep
inside of you.  I know you want it, you want my cock to tear deep inside of you
until it is buried deep inside your tight teenage pussy."  Dr. Smith's cock tore
out of her pussy just as brutally as he tore in, her pussy squeezing it tightly
as it was withdrawn.  He had never felt anything as tight as a teenage virgin
pussy.  Rebecca was the best he ever had, and he had many.  His position had
allowed him to have his way with many reluctant females, forcing them to allow
him access to their defenseless bodies.  And he relished this power and took
advantage as often as he could.

	"No, please don't fuck me, I don't want you," she cried, anything to
stop the pain radiating from between her legs.  She tried to close her legs, Mr.
Smith's knees holding them spread open.  She pushed her legs out wider, hoping
to ease the pain, but it only allowed Dr. Smith greater access to her spread
pussy, allowing his cock to push in deeper.  Her hips pumped up again, the
finger entering her rectum, pushing slowly along her dry anal tract, adding to
the pain between her legs.  She arched her back and hips up, over three inches
off of the bed as his fingers continued the rape of her backside.  She felt the
cock pushing deeper inside her pussy, hitting new, untouched places as her own
actions contributed to the cruel rape of her pussy. 

	The audience watched Rebecca bounce around on the bed, her teenage body
jerking one way then the other as Dr. Smith laid on top of her, his cock pushing
into her virgin pussy.  They could see Dr. Smith's hand under her, plunging into
her sore anus, forcing her legs open and close, hoping to escape the pain of the
rape.  All could hardly wait until they had the chance to feel her tight pussy
pulling their cocks deep inside her body, sucking the cum from their balls as
they filled her body with their hot cum. 

	"Your pussy is so tight, Rebecca, can you feel my hard cock pushing
inside you."  Dr. Smith made his cock jerk inside her body, feeling her jump
from the pain.  He pulled his cock out until only the head of his cock was
gripped so tightly by her pussy then plunged back in again, his cock beating its
way into her body, pushing over seven inches of hard cock into her abused pussy. 
He jerked his finger around in her rectum, making her arch up to escape the
thick digit scratching her tender anal tract.  "Yes, that's it, fuck back," his
finger jerking around again, her body arched over four inches from the bed, her
pussy seeking the plundering cock trying to bury itself in her virgin pussy.  He
pulled his finger from her anus, her body going back onto the mattress to escape
his cock.  He pulled his cock again from her body, this time pulling it all the
way out, her pussy gripping it tightly as it left her body, seemingly begging it
not to leave.

	"Are you finished," she cried as she felt the hard cock leave her pussy. 
She could feel the relief as her pain filled body relaxed.  His finger left her
anus and just lay under her body, gripping her ass cheeks.  "Please, no more, it
hurts so much down there."

	Dr. Smith pushed up on her body, watching her face as she begged him not
to fuck her anymore.  He knew that was impossible, her pussy was just too good
not to plunder.  "Just one more push and you will have all eight inches of my
cock in your pussy, then we will get down to some serious fucking.  Now spread
your legs real wide, and relax your pussy.  It will be much easier if you let me
fuck you then trying to fight it."

	"Oh, God, not again, please don't again."  But she reluctantly spread
her legs wider, bringing them up higher, opening her crotch open to him,
allowing him full access to her pussy.  "Hurts so baaadd," she cried, tears
running down her face as her pussy was again spread open by the head of his
large cock, forcing her pussy tract to expand to allow the large cock sink
deeper into her body.  The force of his rape knocked the breath out of her lungs
as she felt the head of his cock beat hard down against her cervix.  "OOOOWWWW,"
her pussy clamping down hard on the, a natural reaction to the pain being
inflicted on her.  She felt his finger again push up into her anus, painfully
stretching her anal tract open.  Her rectum was dry and the finger rasped inside
of her body, cruelly tearing along her flesh.  She arched her body under higher,
trying to escape the thick digit, pushing her ass up into the air over five
inches, fucking her pussy onto the raping cock.  "Take your finger out of my
backside, please, it hurts, its too dry."  She humped up higher, feeling the
cock push painfully against her cervix, not knowing which was worse, the cock or
the finger.

	Dr. Smith pulled his finger from her anus.  He pushed it against her
mouth.  "Get it wet, or else it goes back in again dry," he ordered her. 
Rebecca reluctantly opened her mouth, the finger entering as her tongue began to
run over it.  The taste was awful, but she had to make it wet to ease the pain. 
Her tongue bathed it, hoping to get it very wet.  "That's a good girl.  Now back
inside your asshole."  His finger, now wet entered her anus easier, but he used
two fingers this time, her anus having to spread wider to accept the fingers,
now twice as wide to spear into her body.

	"Not more, please no," but she tried to relax her sphincter to allow the
fingers to plunder her anal tract.  Her body fought the invasion, trying to
squeeze them out as they continued to plunge deeper into her rectum.  Again she
bucked up, raising her hips up from the bed, her legs spreading wide, allowing
him access to her body as the cock ripped through her body again, plunging all
eight inches of hard cock into her body in one bone jarring thrust.

	"Fuck back, that's it, grip my cock and fingers with your body."  He
began to ride her body hard.  His cock beginning to thrust in and out, the speed
of her rape increasing as he plundered her body. He watched her face contoured
in pain, her tits bouncing on her chest, her legs thrashing about the bed as her
hips bucked up and down, fucking her asshole and pussy on the raping
instruments.  He now gave her the full eight inches of cock inside her pussy
with each thrust, bruising her cervix as it plunged deep inside of her body.  He
could see the blood on his cock as it tore into her body, her pussy gripping it
as it pulled from her body, her legs spreading wider when he pushed back in,
accepting the rape of her body.  Her fingers were clamped tightly by her
sphincter as they cruelly twisted in her rectum, opening and closing, spreading
her anal tract, eliciting groans of pain from her lips as she was fucked.

	Rebecca felt her body being turned on her side, the cock still tightly
embedded in her pussy.  Mr. Smith pulled one leg up high, forcing her muscles to
strain as it was aimed straight up in the air, her pussy now spread defenseless
as his cock raped deep into her pussy again.  At least his fingers were pulled
from her asshole.  The fingers moved toward her pussy and began to play with her
clit.  Please, don't make me cum, she thought.  She felt the bud like clit
pulled from its protective hood, the fingers gripping it tightly, rubbing over
the nub as the cock continued to plunder her raped pussy.

	"Can you cum for me, Rebecca?"  Dr. Smith began to pump his cock into
Rebecca's pussy, her juices flowing freely, his cock sliding along inside her
pussy, lubricated by her blood and pussy juice.  "You're pussy is so hot and
tight, I don't know if I can go much longer.  I am going to cum deep inside your
pussy, the first to deposit a load of cum in you."  He began to pump his cock
into Rebecca faster and faster, stroking all eight inches of cock into her
pussy.  He watched her body bounce, her tits rolling on her chest as she was
buffeted by his fucking.  "Now you know what it feels like to get fucked."

	"Don't cum in me, I don't want to get pregnant."  Her body was jerked
back and forth, her once virgin pussy now stretched wide, receiving his hard
cock, each time harder and faster.  "That hurts, not so fast, not so hard, your
tearing my vagina."  His fingers continued their forced masturbation.  She felt
her pussy juice running down her leg, her clit now hard and erect, her body
beginning to disobey her.

	"On your hands and knees, I want to fuck you like a dog, your ass in the
air, spread open and waiting." 

       His hand slapped her ass, forcing her to turn over, propping herself up
on her knees, her head down, buried in the mattress, her ass sticking up high in
the air.  She felt another slap on her inner thigh, "spread wider, I want your
pussy open for my cock," followed by another slap on her other thigh.  She
spread her legs wider, the pain returning to her thighs as they were spread
obscenely, her pussy and anus now exposed and open. 
      
       "That's a good little bitch.  Now beg me to fuck you.  Beg me to stick my
hard cock in your tight little pussy until I fill you with my hot cum."  Mr.
Smith grabbed Rebecca by the hair, hauling her head up for all to see.  "Ask me
to fuck you and make you cum."
      
       Rebecca arched up high, her hair pulling her back, her ass pushed against
his hard cock.  She could feel it pushed against her spread pussy.  Oh, God,
please get this over with, she thought.  She felt him slap her ass again, the
pain radiating over her ass cheeks.  He wanted her to beg him to fuck her.  She
resisted, another slap to her ass, the pain now worse.  "No more, please, no
more."  She pushed her ass against his cock and felt the head of his cock slip
inside her spread pussy.  "Fuck me and make me cum," she begged.  She pushed
back again, his cock beginning to fill her pussy again. 
      
       "That's a good girl," he pushed, his cock entering her pussy with one
quick and powerful stroke, feeding all eight inches of hard cock into her, a
groan of pain escaping from her lips as he bruised her insides with his cock. 
He pulled back on her hair, riding her like a horse, fucking his cock into her
defenseless pussy, slapping her ass to get her to fuck back.  He reached under
her and grabbed her clit again.  He tugged and pulled on it, feeling her pussy
squeezing tightly on his cock as he abused her clit.  "You like that don't you
Rebecca, you like when I hurt your clit."  He grabbed her clit hard.
      
       Rebecca raised her head and screamed as it felt like Dr. Smith was
tearing off her clit.  She pushed back on his cock, pumping her pussy up and
down his steely rod as he abused her body.  She could feel an orgasm coming on. 
She rode his cock harder, impaling her pussy on his strong cock, coaxing a cum
from her body, her clit over twice its size, pinched and prodded.  She moaned as
she felt the cock inside her get bigger, increasing in size.  She knew that he
must be getting ready to cum.  "Fuck me," she yelled, her hips pumping, her
pussy grabbing at the hard cock inside her, squeezing it, trying to suck his cum
from his balls.  "AAAAAHHHH," she screamed in ecstasy when she felt Dr. Smith
pump his cock deep inside of her, feeling like it was going to come out her
mouth and held it there.  She felt it tremble and twitch inside her until a
powerful blast of cum shot out, filling her pussy with her first load of cum. 
It felt strange, so hot, filling her as she began to cum.  Her pussy milked his
cock as Dr. Smith again slapped her ass, forcing her to tighten on the cock,
cumming deep inside of her again, another blast of cum filling her up.  Her body
trembled and she moaned as a powerful orgasm overcame her, her pussy grabbing
the cock inside her, milking the cum out of him.  His hands reached for her
hanging breasts, squeezing them tightly, milking her nipples hard as he pumped a
third and final load of cum inside her.  The tit torture dragged another cum out
of her, her body shaking as his cock began to slowly pump inside of her again. 
Her pussy made slurping sounds as it was pulled from her body, the suction from
his cock sounding like a fart as his cock retreated from her body, his cum,
mixed with hers running down her thighs into a puddle on the bed. 
      
       He slapped her ass one last time.  "That was a great fuck, Rebecca, for a
virgin, you sure learned how to fuck fast."  He watched her humiliation on her
face as she slumped to the bed, raped and forced to cum.
      
       Rebecca felt Dr. Smith got off the bed and she slumped to the mattress,
her body shaking, weak from the orgasm and the hard rape of her pussy.
      
       "On your back, Rebecca, spread your legs wide."  One of the girls had
stepped up to the bed, a towel and washcloth in her hands.  Rebecca obeyed, the
girl moving between her legs, the washcloth rubbing over her cum filled pussy. 
"You like that," she said, taking the washcloth and rubbing it between her pussy
lips, making Rebecca jerk in pain. 
      
       "Please, not hard."  Rebecca reluctantly raised her legs up, opening her
pussy to the manual ministration of her pussy by the young girl. She felt her
pussy wiped clean of the cum that was deposited deep inside her.  It felt
strange to have a female slip her fingers inside her pussy, but she allowed it,
staying spread and open before all of the people.
      
       "It seems our virgin Rebecca likes girls. We will have to arrange some
girl sex in the near future.  Would you like that, Rebecca, would you like to
eat a girl's pussy while she is eating yours?  Or would you rather have her
strap on a dildo and fuck your pussy?  Everyone laughed as Rebecca turned red in
shame, the young girl between her legs, washing her pussy, while Rebecca spread
herself open for her.
      
       "That's enough, sit back down.  It wouldn't be long before Rebecca's
pussy is full of cum again.  Rebecca, I want you to grab your legs and pull them
up and keep them spread.  I want them around your head."
      
       Rebecca looked up, surprised by the new voice.  It was Mr. Jones and he
was naked, his cock erect.  "Not again, please I can't take it again."  She
looked at his face and grabbed her legs and pulled them up, her pussy and
asshole spread open for their pleasure.  She knew that he would not be denied. 
Rebecca cried out as she was entered brutally again, his cock forcing itself
into her tight pussy.  He pumped his cock into her tight, teenage pussy, forcing
her body into various positions, making it easier to enter her deeper and force
more groans of pain from her before he filled her pussy full of his cum.
      
       The next one took her face down, her legs spread wide, his cock forcing
itself into her pussy from behind.  The one after, with her standing, her legs
spread wide, everyone watching as her ass was grabbed from behind to force her
to fuck herself on the hard cock embedded in her once virgin pussy.  Rebecca's
movements began to slow down, her body wracked by another cum from the rape of
her pussy.  She was made to bend over and grab her ankles, her legs spread wide
as she was fucked from behind again.  They tied her legs to the posts at the top
of the bed, spread wide over her head and used her pussy as a depository for
their cum.  When she failed to fuck back, fat fingers were forced into her sore
anus and they stretched her anal tract until she fucked back, trying to escape
the finger fucking of her rectum.  They laughed as she bucked on the bed, a fat
cock fucking her deep, fingers punishing her asshole.
      
       "Only one more," said Dr. Smith. 
      
       Rebecca cringed when she saw who it was, Mr. Johnson, the one who raped
her asshole with his fifteen-inch cock.  He lay down on the bed and fisted his
cock until it stood up, all fifteen glorious inches of hard cock meat waiting
for Rebecca's teenage body.  "Come over and sit on my cock and take it inside
that sweet little pussy.  Then I want you to fuck me up and down until I fill
your little pussy with a load of my hot cum." 
      
       A hand slapped Rebecca's ass hard, forcing her to straddle Mr. Johnson. 
She sat up tall, the large head of his cock just barely entering and spreading
her pussy wide.  It already hurt and it was only the head.
      
       "Now," she was ordered, "take that cock all the way into your cunt." 
      
       Hands gripped her shoulders, pushing her down on the massive cock as it
brutally tore into her already abused pussy, stretching and tearing her flesh as
it pushed aside her insides to make room the mammoth organ.  She screamed as it
bore into her body, but they continued to force her down on the organ until it
was fully embedded in her tiny pussy.  A whip hit her ass.
      
       "Now fuck it until both of you cum.  If he cums before you do, I am going
to let him fuck you in the ass again."
      
       Rebecca pulled up, the cock pulling from her pussy and then pushed back
down again.  The whip hit her ass again, instructing her to fuck faster.  She
continued to fuck herself on the mammoth cock as Mr. Johnson played with her
tits and nipples before finally abusing her erect clit.  The whip hitting her
ass sent her over the edge, sinking down on the large cock, her clit pulled and
twisted, an orgasm hitting her like a freight train.  His cock exploding inside
her pussy, shooting it full of cum, running down her legs, sent another
explosive cum, her body trembling in ecstasy.  She collapsed on top of Mr.
Johnson, her pussy sore and abuse, cum running down her body, exhausted from the
rapes and the cums she suffered.
      
       "Take her back to her cell," Dr. Smith ordered.  The deputy helped her
get up and walk toward her cell.  He unlocked her cell and pushed her to the
bed.  "I know your pussy must be sore now so I wouldn't fuck it."
      
       "Thank you, I hurt so bad.  They raped me so many times, I don't think I
could take another cock in my pussy."  She cried, her body racked in pain and
exhaustion.  She felt the deputy turn her over onto her stomach and spread her
legs wide.  She felt his knees between hers, forcing her legs out to the side,
spreading her open again.  He body sank down on top of her, squeezing the air
from her lungs.  She managed, "I thought you said you weren't going to fuck me,
my pussy hurts so bad."
      
       "I wouldn't break my word," he laughed, "I wouldn't fuck your pussy, I
know you are sore."  He laughed again as he fisted his cock and placed it at the
entrance to her anus, slowly forcing her to take his cock up her ass, until he
was fully embedded in her anal tract.  "But you do have a very tight asshole,
now squeeze down on my cock as I fuck you.  Make me cum."  His cock began to
fuck her fully, taking her in long and brutal strokes, sending his erect member
deep inside of her colon until she squeezed the cum out of his balls, filling
her colon with his hot cum.  "There, I told you I wouldn't break my word,"
laughing as he left the room, Rebecca laying on her stomach on the bed, legs
spread, cum dripping from her recently raped asshole, unable to even stand to
clean herself up.
      
To be Continued




Author: Powerone
Title: Police Rape of Sally and Rebecca
Part: Part 9
Summary: A story about a mother and daughter stopped the police in a small town
far away from home.  They are sexually humiliated, assaulted and forced to
perform various sexual acts.
Keywords: MMMMM+Fg, nc, rape, anal, bd, virg, oral, reluc, humil

Copyright 2003 by Powerone.  Author may be contacted at controlher@hotmail.com.

Police Rape of Sally and Rebecca


Part 9-Making Rebecca Dance

	Rebecca was allowed to stay in her cell for almost a day before the
deputy returned.  Her pussy did not hurt anymore from the multiple rapes she had
experienced.  She knew that her time alone was short-lived, they were planning
on taking advantage of her body again, they always did.

	"Take a shower and get dressed.  You are to see the Judge in one hour
and you do not want to be late for the Judge," the deputy warned her, throwing
her some clothes to wear.

	"Is he going to let my mother and me go?"  Rebecca looked to the deputy,
hoping for a positive sign that they would be allowed to leave and this whole
horrible ordeal was over.

	"The Judge is the most powerful man in this county, so I would do
whatever he says and try not to displease him.  The future of you and your
mother depend on how well you please him, now get ready." 

	The deputy left her cell, allowing her some privacy to get ready.  She
took a quick shower, never knowing whether they had cameras in her cell.  She
dried off and picked up the clothes that were left for her.  It consisted of a
pair of thong panties, a cut-off tee shirt with "little girl" embossed in it. 
She put it on and it just barely covered her breasts.  Although she had large
breasts, there was no sag at all in them.  Her youthful age coupled with an
athletic lifestyle made sure of that.  She put on the pair of shorts, hip
huggers that definitely hung on her hips.  They were fairly tight, clinging to
her shapely ass.  A pair of white socks and sneakers completed the outfit.  She
looked in the mirror and a very young girl with a woman's body reflected back.
	
	The deputy returned and escorted Rebecca to the room where the Judge
was.  This was a special room as it contained the bondage equipment.  A female
could be hung or bound in an almost limitless variety of positions, most leaving
her intimately exposed.  It contained chains and pulleys hanging from the
ceiling, various stools, benches and table for females to be bound over and very
elaborate stocks where the head, arms and legs were secured in heavy wooden
boards.
	
	Rebecca knew she was in trouble as soon as she saw the room and its
contents.  The main purpose for all of the contents was to secure a vulnerable
female in tight bondage, open for whatever they desired.  She saw the Judge,
another sixty-year-old man.  Although he looked in good condition, it seemed
like all of the men that abused her were over 40 years older then she was.  She
knew that they delighted in taking advantage of her young body as no one her age
would willingly submit to their strange and perverse desires.

	The Judge sat in an upholstered high back chair watching as Rebecca
entered.  He had already fucked her mother, Sally numerous times and he knew
where she got her looks from.  She had a body like her mothers, only 20 years
younger and tighter.  The Committee had already fucked her in all of her holes,
her mouth, cunt and asshole, numerous times, but all said that she was still the
tightest cunt they had ever had.  Even as many times as she had cocks in her, it
would be a few more years before she got loose.  "Come in, Rebecca, come over
here, my dear."

	Rebecca cringed when she heard his voice ordering her over to him.  It
was about to begin again and this time with a room full of bondage equipment. 
"Yes, Sir."  She walked over to where he sat with open arms, his hands soon to
be all over her young body.

	The Judge's cock was already hard at the sight of this young beauty.  He
could see the nicest pair of perky tits that he had ever seen.  Even without a
bra they stood high on her chest, her nipples pressed tightly against the tee
shirt, already hard and erect.  Her body clung to the pair of shorts, her ass
tightly pressed into them, the front of the too tight shorts clinging to every
curve in her body.  He could almost make out the outline of her pussy through
the shorts.  His hands instantly moved over her body as she moved closer,
grabbing her tightly at her waist, feeling her supple skin as his fingers moved
over her.  They moved down over her naked hips, the shorts hanging low on her
body.  "Such a lovely little girl you are, Rebecca.  And the body of a women. 
You look just like your mother."

	Rebecca reacted quickly when she heard her mother's name.  "How is my
mother, have you seen here?

	"Yes, in fact I fucked your mother.  Nice piece of ass, she is.  Now if
you both intend to get out of here, I suggest you follow your mother's lead and
follow my orders."  The Judge smiled, he didn't want a simple fuck from this
young beauty, he was going to do so many things to her body before he was
finished.  And he was going to make her enjoy them, make her cum.  There was
nothing better then training a young cunt to enjoy being taken against her will
and bondage was the best way.  That way they did not feel guilty about what was
happening to them, they had no control, their tight bodies tied and spread,
unable to prevent the perversion he would inflict on her.

	"Please, let us go, they already fucked me.  Don't do any more to me,"
Rebecca begged, but she already knew his answer.  She knew because his hands
were already sliding down over her ass, grabbing her ass cheeks tightly in his
fingers.  His hand moved around to the front, moving over her naked stomach,
making her pull in her stomach as she cringed at the dirty old hands mauling her
flesh.

	"Stand still, you have such a lovely body, Rebecca, so smooth and
supple."  His hands moved up higher, pushing her tee shirt up until he could see
the soft swell of her naked breasts.  "Put your arms up, I want to see your
naked tits," he ordered her.  He watched as she obeyed, her tee shirt riding up
higher, the bottom of her breasts now revealed.  He ran his fingers up until
they touched her breasts.  It had been a long time since he had touched a pair
of tits as young as hers.  They would only be this way for a few years until
nature took over and they would gradually start to droop.  Especially with a
pair of tits this big.  "Remove your tee shirt, Rebecca, I cannot wait, I must
see your tits."

	Rebecca raised her arms allowing him free access to her breasts as her
tee shirt slowly raised up.  She felt the fingers moving over her naked breasts
and then she obeyed his next order, pulling her tee shirt over her head and
letting it drop to the floor.  She stood, naked from the waist up, her breasts
standing out so firmly, nipples jutting out, his fingers beginning to search
them out.

	"Yes, very beautiful, Rebecca, do you like showing your tits to me? 
Raise your arms again, higher, behind your head and arch your back.  I want your
tits sticking out.  Yes, good girl," his fingers moving over her breasts,
circling her nipples, his fingernail pressing tightly against her areola, seeing
small goose bumps appearing, her nipples now large pebbles capping her breasts. 

	Rebecca braced herself when the fingers would grab her nipples.  She had
already found out that when men grabbed her nipples, they were often cruel,
inflicting pain on the delicate nubs, fingernails often dug into them into she
cried in pain.  She felt his fat fingers grabbing her nipples, fingers
tightening on her delicate tips.  They were already hard, making them easy
targets as he pinched them between his fingers, pulling them out and twisting
them, her face grimacing in pain as she stood straight, subjecting herself to
his abuse.  "Please, not so hard," she begged.

	The Judge loved nipples of little girls.  They were so sensitive and not
used to rough treatment.  He pulled and twisted her tit flesh, pulling on her
nipples, stretching them out, pulling them from her body.  He released his grip,
but snapped his fingers against them, hearing Rebecca cry out in pain at the
sharp bite of his fingers as they hit her hard nipples.  "So many wonderful
things to do to such a delicious pair of tits like yours Rebecca, I will enjoy
them immensely."  His fingers moved over her flat stomach, slowly inching down
to the top of her shorts.  He pulled the zipper down on the short pair of hip
hugger shorts, slowing revealing a pair of white panties, thongs he was sure. 
He tugged the zipper all the way down and pulled her pants to the side.  His
fingers returned, rubbing over her panty covered abdomen, feeling her suck in
her gut as he began to caress her.  His other hand reached around to the back,
slowly lowering her shorts in the back so his hand could continue to run over
her ass, this time, naked.

	Rebecca stood there as her body was pawed by the Judge, her shorts now
half off, his hand on her ass continuing the process.  She felt his cold, clammy
hand on her naked ass, her shorts being pushed down, slowly revealing her body
to his gaze.

	"Such a lovely ass you have Rebecca," his hand pushing her shorts down,
one in front, the other in the back pushing the tight shorts down, revealing her
young flesh, her naked ass.  "Let's get these out of the way, Rebecca, please
step out of your shorts, yes, that's a good girl, they said you obeyed well,
just like your mother."  

	Rebecca kicked the shorts off of her feet, standing before the Judge in
just a pair of thong panties, feeling the hands returning, this time not much
between them and her naked flesh.  She felt one hand on her naked ass, clenching
and unclenching his fingers on her ass cheeks.  The other one returned to the
front, fingers tracing over her panties, searching out her pussy, two fingers
moving over her sparsely covered bush, rubbing along the edge of her panties.

	The Judge teased her flesh, feeling her suck in her stomach as he
lightly traced his fingers over her mound, feeling her shiver in fear as he
continued to abuse her young body.  His hand moved up and slowly inserted it
into the top of her panties, his hand now moving over the flat plane of her
stomach, naked hand on naked flesh.  "You don't mind if I play with your pussy,
do you Rebecca?"  His fingers traced down lower, going through her silky pussy
hair, one fingers pushing down harder, pushing between her pussy lips.  He could
feel her wetness.  "Spread your legs open, Rebecca.  It seems that your pussy is
already wet.  Could it be that Rebecca is a slut and likes this?"

	Rebecca blushed when his fingers sought out her pussy, slipping inside
her panties.  She knew that she was already wet, she could feel it.  She did not
know why this happened, she just knew whenever they forced her to strip for them
her pussy began to get wet.  Now he was calling her a slut.  She slowly let her
legs part, knowing that she was giving him greater access to her pussy, feeling
her pussy lips begin to spread open, feeling his finger pushing apart her pussy
lips, his finger sliding down her wet slit.  "Please," her legs parting more,
his finger sliding up and down her slit.

	"I don't think we need these, now do we Rebecca," his hand pushing down
her thong panties to the floor.  He looked at her, such a beautiful, young body
and it was all his to do what he wanted to.  And he had so many things to do to
her.  First he was going to make her dance, but not the way she would think, no
she would dance his way.  "Legs apart further, Rebecca, I want to feel inside
your pussy to see if you are still tight.  Just a little bit more, yes, such a
good girl," his fingers now running up and down her thighs, feeling the taut
flesh under his fingers.

	Rebecca felt her panties fall to the floor and spread her legs open
wider, his hands running over her flesh, pushing out on her thighs, forcing her
to open wider, giving him unencumbered access to her spread pussy.

	The Judge moved closer to her pussy, "you smell good, Rebecca, I just
love the smell of young pussy, especially when they are wet.  And you are wet,
Rebecca, your pussy is just waiting for my fingers."  He moved his finger up,
one finger pushing into her vagina, feeling her suck in her breath as he wormed
it into her tight vagina.  "Yes, they might have fucked you, Rebecca, but your
pussy is still tight," his finger shooting up into her defenseless vagina,
feeling her arch up onto her toes as he pulled her body upward on his finger. 
"Let's try two fingers up that tight cunt, Rebecca," his finger pulled from her
vagina, but replaced with two thick fingers, sliding along her wet vagina,
feeling her body clamped onto his digits.

	Rebecca stretched up on her toes as her pussy was speared by first one
finger, then two, twisting and turning inside her body.  She could feel them
slide along on her pussy juice as they began to fuck in and out of her body. 
She clamped down on them, grabbing them with her pussy, moaning, hoping that the
Judge did not hear her.  She felt the fingers leave her body, her feet now back
on the floor, her pussy disappointed and deserted.

	"Time to step over here, Rebecca, be a good girl and I will make you
cum.  I will make you cum many times.

	Rebecca moved to under a harness coming down from the ceiling.  It
consisted of two padded leather cuffs with a wood spreader bar between them. 
The unusual feature of it was that above each cuff was a heavy-duty metal
spring.

	"Raise your arms up, Rebecca.  Higher, yes, that's good."  The Judge
watched as Rebecca's arms moved up, her breasts arching up from the strain.  He
put her right arm in the cuff, latching it tightly.  Then it was the left, her
arms now raised above her head. 

	Rebecca felt a motor turn on and her arms start to pull up.  "Please, no
higher," having to almost stretch up on her toes to maintain her position.  She
felt the Judge's fingers return to her nipples, now defenseless to stop him as
they began to pull and twist on the hard nubs again.

	"Such nice tits you have, Rebecca.  Do you like it when I play with
them, they get so nice and hard?  Just a little higher now, don't worry about
your feet, they wouldn't be on the ground for long," the motor pulling her arms
up higher, her feet dangling inches from the floor.

	"Now your legs, Rebecca, I want your legs spread really wide.  I want
your pussy and asshole spread open before me.  You'd like that, wouldn't you
Rebecca, you'd like me to play with your pussy again?"  The Judge brought out a
similar apparatus for her legs.  He fitted each ankle in a padded cuff and this
time the wood spreader bar was almost five feet wide.

	"No, please, that's too far," she cried as the Judge attached the left
ankle to the spreader bar and then moved it over to the other side.  He grabbed
her right ankle and slowly spread it wider and wider.  It felt like he was
trying to split her up the middle.  Four feet wide was already hurting, but he
continued, holding her ankle firmly as he pulled on it. 

	"A little pain is worth it, Rebecca, look how your pussy lips spread
open."  He continued pulling, watching as her body spread before him.  He pulled
one last time, clamping the cuff onto the other end.  He looked up at her, his
cock bulging in his pants as he saw her.  Her body glistened in the light, sweat
already forming on her skin.  Her legs were spread so far, he almost expected to
see blood between her legs where she was split up the middle.  Her pussy lips
were pulled back revealing her pink insides, glistening with her pussy juice. 
He moved around behind her, his hands on her ass, her cheeks spread wide, her
tiny asshole now exposed.  He moved his fingers between her legs, sliding along
her pussy slit from the back, his fingers picking up her pussy juice as it slid
along.  "Your pussy is so nice and wet for me.  You like this, don't you, you
like being spread open for me," his fingers running over her clit, exposed, her
clit hood pulled back.  He felt her body shudder as his fingers played over the
hard clit.

	His fingers played over her body and all she could do is shudder in
pleasure.  Her legs hurt from the spread, but her pussy was only feeling
pleasure as his fingers masturbated her.  She felt her arms pulling up higher,
raising her body up.  Higher and higher she went, his face now level with her
knees as she was pulled up, her feet dangling down.

	She watched as he moved out of view and then came back in, this time
dragging a metal stand with a screw attachment on the top.  He let it sit in
front of her.  She shuddered in fear, not knowing what he would do with it, but
having ideas that it would be used to place something between her legs.  He came
back from the table carrying a large, rubber dildo.  It must have been over ten
inches long, at least two inches in diameter.  She could see small holes in the
surface and out the end of it hung a tube.  It went over to the table, connected
to various items attached to the table.

	"You're going to dance for me, Rebecca.  I love the site of young girls
dancing, especially when they are naked."  He stroked the artificial penis as if
it was his own cock, watching her face as he did.  "Yes, Rebecca, this is going
up your cunt.  It is rather big, but you can handle it.  Then you are going to
fuck yourself on it."  He moved the artificial penis over to the stand and began
to screw it on the top of it, over ten inches of hard, rubber cock.  He moved
the cord down to the ground.  "It is a secret, but you will soon find out.  It
will make you cum.  Cum hard.  Now, let's go up a little higher," Rebecca felt
herself pulled up again until she was higher then the stand.

	"That's too big for my pussy, don't put it inside me," she cried out as
she saw him move it between her legs.  She could now longer see it, but she knew
it was there.  She felt his hands move between her legs, pulling her pussy lips
back even further.  She felt something hard nudge against her pussy, her cuffs
lowering her slowly down toward the ground. 

	"You should see your pussy spreading open for this big cock," lowering
her, his fingers guiding it to her vagina, watching as it began to spread her
open, her pussy spreading over the head as it forcefully began to insert itself
into her most intimate opening.  The head of the cock had a crown, just like a
real cock.  Except this one was a little different.  The sides would slide in
easily, but when withdrawn, they would expand outward, dragging painfully along
her pussy walls, scraping as they moved.

	"OH, God, it's too big, it hurts," the bondage holding her tightly in
place as she felt herself being lowered, impaling her pussy on the hard, rubber
cock between her legs.  "AAGGH," the head of the cock now pushed in, her pussy
lips tightly around it, holding it in place.

	The Judge ran his fingers over her stretched pussy, the rubber cock
trapped between her legs.  His fingers moved up to her clit and began to rub his
finger over the hard bud.  He felt her body quiver as he stoked it, allowing her
cuffs to lower, the rubber cock slowly forcing itself into her young pussy. 
"Can you feel it starting to fill you up, Rebecca?  It's very big, over ten
inches.  Imagine what it will feel like once it gets snuggly inside you.  Then
we will start to make you dance."

	Rebecca moaned in pain as her little pussy was spread open again.  They
had fucked her with their hard cock, but her pussy had shrunk back down.  Now it
was being forced open again, this time with a giant rubber cock.  It was
starting to fill her up.  She could feel in travelling slowly inside her,
stretching her open as her own weight impaled her on the hard cock.

	The Judge watched as over three inches of rubber cock was slowly tearing
into her young pussy, filling her, stretching her.  He stopped her movements
down, holding her in place.  He pressed another button and the springs were
released.  It suspended her wrists from the springs now, not the ropes.  The
Judge moved his hands to her ass and slowly rolled her hips, forcing her to move
round and round, the rubber cock pushed inside her now spreading her open in
circles, stretching her more.  He pushed up on her body and then allowed it to
fall, watching as she moved down on the rubber cock and then the springs pulled
her back up again, her pussy pulled away from the fixed rubber cock.

	"OOOW, it's tearing my pussy up," her body bouncing up, her pussy slowly
pulling itself off the rubber cock, the crown spreading out, scraping painfully
along her vagina, scraping, tearing and stretching as it moved.  "Don't move me,
please, don't move, it hurts too bad," her body rigid, trying to stop the
motion.  But she felt the Judge's hands move her up and down, impaling her up
and down on the hard rubber cock.

	"Now, isn't that nice, Rebecca, you can fuck yourself on the nice big
cock."  He allowed her cuffs to lower, her pussy impaled on the rubber cock,
over five inches of pussy splitting cock forced inside her pussy.  "Do you want
more cock, do you want another two inches of rubber cock inside your pussy,
Rebecca?"

	"No more, nnnoo more, hurts," unable to stop the rubber cock from
spearing deep inside her.  Over seven inches of rubber cock was forcing her
pussy open and she could not stop it from going any farther.  "Take it out, I
will do anything."

	He bounced her up and down, hearing her tiny screams of pain as two
inches of cock pulled out and then three more inches bounced back in.  Now eight
inches of cock was buried in her pussy.  His fingers moved to the front of her,
rubbing over her clit again.  "You're going to cum for me, but not until you
dance on the rubber cock."  The cuffs released again, sending the last two
inches of rubber cock to slowly push inside her pussy.  He watched as it
disappeared as he heard her huffing and puffing as she was filled.  "How does it
feel, how does it feel to have ten inches of rubber cock inside you?"

	She never felt so full as she did now.  She had ten inches of fake cock
inside her and her own weight was keeping it firmly embedded inside her.  Her
legs still ached from the spread.  She cringed as she felt his hands move back
to her ass.  She knew he was going to make her bounce on the cock.  He pulled up
on her body, up two inches then allowed her to fall quickly back down.  The
springs stopped her descent, but not until ten inches of rubber cock was forced
back inside her pussy in one quick brutal plunge.   "OOOOMMMPPP," she groaned in
pain as her pussy was rapidly filled again.  When it hit bottom, she began to
rise back up again, the springs pulling her back up.  The crown of the rubber
cock pulled along her pussy, scraping the tender flesh as it pulled from her
body.  "OOOHHH, OOOOWWW, tearing me up!"

	The Judge moved over to the table and picked up a short riding crop.  He
walked in front of her, slapping the crop against his palm of his hand, the
noise ringing out in the room.  "Time to dance, Rebecca, fuck real good and I
will let you cum."

	"No, please don't hit me with that," the Judge moving behind her out of
her range of vision.  She braced for the pain.  She did not have to wait for
very long.  The crop moved quickly hitting her sharply onto her naked ass cheek. 

	"OOOWW," her body jerking forward, trying to escape the pain of the crop
as it beat her tender ass.  It was a searing pain that shot up to her brain, her
ass moving to escape it.  The rubber cock was forced in and out as her hips
swayed back and forth, tearing along her pussy as she fucked herself on the fake
dick.  "AAAGGHH," another searing pain as her other cheek was struck, her hips
moving faster this time.  Over four inches of rubber cock moved in and out of
her pussy as she tried to avoid the pain of the crop, only to fuck herself
painfully on the rubber cock.

	"That's the way, fuck yourself," the crop moving over her body, making
her jerk around on the rubber cock.  He slapped her stomach with the crop,
forcing her to move back, the rubber cock pulled painfully from her pussy.  He
slashed her tits, watching them bounce around on her chest as he ignited pain in
her nipples.  The crop slapped hard on her tit flesh.  Another quick slap on her
ass sent her moving back and forth.  On the front again, barely missing her
exposed clit, the rubber cock moving in and out of her pussy.  He watched as the
rubber cock became soaked in her pussy juice as her pussy was fucked hard.  He
continued to beat her body with the crop, her body jerking around in pain and
pleasure.  Her screams of pain turned to moans of pleasure as the rubber cock
began to do its work, fucking her hard and fast.

	"Oh, God, that hurts so good," her hips jerking back and forth, over
seven inches of rubber cock moving in and out of her pussy.  Bouncing up and
down, back and forth, her pussy stretched by the rubber cock.  She could feel
her pussy juice running down her thighs as she fucked herself harder and harder. 
She was getting hot, ready to cum.

	The Judge continued to slap her flesh with the crop, making her bounce
more and more.  He could see the change in her fucking, she was going to cum
soon.  "You like that, Rebecca, you like fucking yourself on that big rubber
cock?  You going to cum soon?"

	The scream tore from her lips, the sound echoing throughout the room. 
She had never felt so much pain.  Her pussy felt like it was being torn by the
rubber cock.

	The Judge had hit one of the buttons on the desk.  The tube running up
to the rubber cock was connected to a pressurized tank next to the desk.  In it
was stored ice cold water.  When he pushed the button, it shot out and forced
the freezing water along the tube and out small little holes on the rubber cock. 
The freezing water hit her heated pussy flesh.  Her pussy reacted, shrinking to
escape the freezing cold.  Unfortunately the rubber cock was unyielding, forcing
itself along the shrinking walls of her pussy relentlessly.  It felt like a four
inch wide cock was fucking her.  He continued to beat her with the crop, forcing
her to continue fucking herself, forcing her to fuck the hard rubber cock.  He
watched as the water dripped from her pussy, now warm water from her overheated
pussy.   "You'll cum when I tell you to, not before.  Now fuck yourself again,"
his crop beating her tender flesh, watching as she painfully rode the rubber
cock.

	"Don't do that again, it hurts," she cried, but continued to fuck
herself, back and forth on the rubber cock.

	"I bet your pussy is nice and tight now, Rebecca.  Did the cold water
shrink your pussy?  I bet the big rubber cock is fucking your pussy real hard
now, just the way I like it."  He moved behind her, the crop at the ready. 
"You're going to cum now, Rebecca, you're going to cum hard."  He began to hit
her ass with the crop, increasingly harder each time.  With her legs spread so
wide, her asshole was left defenseless, open and exposed.  He was going to take
advantage of that.

	"OOOWWW, not there, not on my asshole, please that hurts too much, it
feels like you are tearing it apart," Rebecca screamed, her hips bouncing harder
and harder, fucking herself on the thick rubber cock, back and forth.  Her pussy
now swallowed over nine inches of fake cock with each stroke. "OOWW," she
screamed again, the tip of the crop seemed to search out her asshole, tearing at
her tender flesh.  It almost felt like it was going to push inside her asshole.

	"I'm going to beat your asshole until you cum.  Now fuck yourself."  He
slapped her ass with the crop, every other stroke hitting her fully on her
asshole.  It was already turning red and began to get swollen.   He was going to
fuck her asshole next and he loved it when a young girl's asshole was already
sore from a whipping.  It made them scream that much more when he fucked his
large cock in their assholes.  He watched as she groaned in pain as the crop
beat her asshole, pushing her hips forward, thrusting the rubber cock into her
pussy, fucking her. She moved back off of it, pushing her ass out again, the
crop again beating her young flesh.  Her hips moved faster and faster, her
groans of pain changing to moans of ecstasy.

	It hurt so much.  Her asshole felt like it was being torn from her body
as he kept beating her with the crop.  She moved forward each time, pushing the
large rubber cock deep inside her pussy, stretching her open.  Her hips kept
going, in and out, her pussy beginning to squeeze down on the rubber cock as it
speared her young pussy.  It still hurt, but now the fucking of the rubber cock
was beginning to bring pleasure to her body.  They always seemed to know what to
do to her inexperienced body to make her cum, no matter how much they hurt her. 
"Please, let me cum, I have to cum," she moaned, fucking harder and faster.

	"You like that big rubber cock in your pussy?  You like it when it fucks
you?"  He hit her asshole again with the crop, swinging back again as her hips
returned back, her asshole exposed to him.  He hit lower this time, catching not
only her asshole, but also grazing over her pussy.  He moved his fingers over to
her clit and began to squeeze it tightly, feeling the rubber cock stretching her
pussy lips open wide, in and out the rubber cock moving.  "Cum for me now,
Rebecca, show me what a good little girl you are, cum on the big rubber cock
inside you."

	"GGGODDD, it feels so good, harder, pinch my clit harder, yeeeeess," she
cried, her clit held tightly by his fingers, twisting and pulling on the swollen
nub.  "You bastard, I'm cuummming," her hips pumping up and down, the rubber
cock now covered in her pussy juice as she came all over it.  You could hear the
sound of the sloshing as her hips continued to fuck the rubber cock, her cum
dripping down her thighs, the rubber cock covered with a heavy sheen of her cum.

	The Judge loved watching young girls forced to cum.  He loved the sheen
that covered her body, sweat glistening on her naked tits, her hips fucking back
and forth, cum pouring out of her spread pussy as she came.   He continued to
beat her asshole as she screamed in pain and pleasure, her hips unable and
unwilling to stop fucking the rubber cock.  "Such a good slut you are Rebecca,
cumming for me.  Now you are going to have to please me.  My cock is very hard
and I am going to use your young body to pleasure myself with."  The Judge
pulled on the harness, pulling Rebecca up and off of the rubber cock.  He
watched as her pussy continued to cling to it as it pulled from her body until
it finally popped out of her pussy noisily. 

	Rebecca's pussy felt suddenly empty as the big rubber cock pulled out of
her.  "Please don't fuck me," she begged.  She did not think she could take
another fucking like that she just went through.  Her body ached, especially her
asshole.  It burned from the whipping it received and her pussy felt like it had
been torn.

	The Judge brought down another apparatus from the ceiling, a small
control panel in his hand controlling it.  Part of it was already connected to
her arms holding her up high.  He brought the other end down and connected it to
her spread ankle, the spreader bar still keeping her legs spread widely.  He
pushed some buttons and her legs started rising towards the ceiling, higher and
higher.  "I want your asshole, Rebecca, your whipped asshole.  And you're going
to fuck me."  He continued raising her legs up until they were at the same
height as her arms.  Her ass hung down now, her whole groin area now the lowest
part of her body.  The Judge undressed, his cock standing out proudly in front
of him.  He stroked it, watching it as it grew.

	"Not my asshole, it already hurt and when they did it before, it really
hurt.  It was not made for cocks, please fuck my pussy instead," hoping that she
could bargain with the Judge.  When they fucked her asshole before, her stomach
cramped terribly as they put their big cocks into her tiny hole.  The pain was
piercing as they fucked her.

	"That's no way to be, Rebecca.  I make you cum and you don't want to do
the same thing for me.  You don't have any choice in this matter."  The Judge
lay down on a mat on the floor, holding his cock up into the air.  He spread a
little oil on it, making it slick.  He pushed a button and Rebecca slowly began
lowering down to the floor, her ass moving closer and closer to the Judge's
cock.  When she was only an inch above his cock he stopped her movement.  He
grabbed her ass and swung her close to him.  His finger, still oiled moved
quickly inside her asshole, pushing it open forcefully, impaling her on his
digit.  He moved his finger around inside her, feeling her clenching on it,
trying to expel it from her body.  She was tight.  Tighter then her mother. 
"You like my finger in your asshole, Rebecca.  You're nice and tight.  And so
hot.  Do you want my cock in your asshole, Rebecca?  Tell me to fuck your
asshole, Rebecca?"

	Rebecca tried to squirm away when the finger entered her asshole.  It
plundered into her, seeking deeper and deeper inside her until she felt his
knuckles against her ass cheeks.  She felt it twisting around inside her, unable
to stop the ravishment of her backside.  He pushed inside her cruelly, forcing
her to say it.  "Fuck my asshole, please," saying as she was ordered.

	"If you like, Rebecca, I only want to do what pleases you."  He pulled
his finger from her asshole.  She would be tight, but her own weight would fuck
his cock inside her.  He pushed the buttons again and lowered her again until
his cock was fitted snuggly against her asshole.  He watched it, straining to
keep his cock out, but her own weight was her worst enemy.  He pushed a button
and Rebecca began to slowly turn in a circle, her asshole the center of her
being as her asshole slowly circled around the head of his cock.  He pushed
another button and Rebecca began to lower, but only by millimeters.  He watched
the head of his cock slowly begin to get swallowed up by his cock.  "Yes, your
asshole is so tight, Rebecca, can you feel it swirling around my cock, like a
corkscrew going into your tight asshole?"

	Rebecca felt her asshole straining to keep his huge member out.  She
began to feel a little dizzy, slowly turning around in a circle.  She could feel
the head of his cock pushed up against her asshole, it spreading slowly as she
spun around, slowly sinking further and further down.  Her tiny asshole began to
strain to open as the head of his cock bore into her.  He had said it, it felt
like a corkscrew going into her body.  "Fuck my pussy, please, not my asshole,"
begging for him to stop.

	"A little farther down, Rebecca, yes, that's good, I can see your tiny
asshole spreading open.  Can you feel it, Rebecca, your own weight is fucking
your asshole onto my cock?"  He pushed the button again, speeding up her
downward movement.  "You are spreading open real wide.  Almost their, Rebecca,
your asshole has almost swallowed the head of my cock.  Can you feel that?"  He
felt her body jerk and a gasp come from her lips.  The head of his cock was
firmly embedded in her rectum.  He stopped her downward movement, but continued
the spinning of her body.  He watched as her asshole clung to the cock inside
her, spinning around and around it.  Her sphincter grabbed it tightly, trying to
expel the huge member from inside her.

	Her asshole tugged on the cock inside her, trying to expel it from her
body.  It felt strange, her asshole opened, spread wide, but it still did not
try to enter her body yet.  She knew that it would be soon, his cock would
corkscrew into her asshole, drilling deep inside her body until it was buried in
her colon.  She felt her body being lowered, it was time for him to begin to
fuck her.  "Slow, please go slow, your cock is so big."

	"I'm not doing anything, Rebecca, it is all you.  Your weight is pushing
you down, I'm am just lying underneath you.  You want my cock inside your
asshole, I can feel your sphincter massaging the head of my cock."  Now another
inch of cock was buried inside her asshole.  He could feel the heat and
tightness of her anal tract.  He loved to fuck little girls with tight assholes. 
He delighted in their gasps of pain as his cock slowly buried itself in the
backside.  He loved the way her body tried to push out the cock, but only
succeeding in making it harder and longer.  Slowly, inch by inch, his cock sank
into her asshole.  Three inches and more to go.  He began to make her spin
faster, her asshole clenching on the cock inside her. 

	"Ahhggh, it's too big, please take it out," she begged as her asshole
was slowly impaled on the cock.  Four inches of hard cock was buried inside her,
her body turning faster, gripping the cock as she spun around.

	"Of course, Rebecca, if you insist," her body pulling up instead, her
asshole pulled from his cock.

	It felt strange, the cock pulling out of her asshole, feeling like her
insides were being yanked out with it.  She felt it pull out until only the head
was grabbed by her sphincter again.  Then it began again, the downward movement,
fucking her down onto the rampaging instrument buried in her asshole.  Her body
was corkscrewed down as over five inches of cock was buried inside her asshole,
twisting inside her asshole.  She could feel the spasms inside her as it sucked
on the hot meat inside her.   "No more," she begged, as six inches of cock was
pushed inside.  She could feel her stomach begin to cramp.  She had seen the
Judges cock.  It must be at least eight inches.  She could not feel his body
against her ass cheeks yet, so she would still have to take more cock inside her
before he would stop.

	He felt her body jerk, his cock now entering her colon.  "Can you feel
it deep inside you, Rebecca?  Yes, and you still have two more inches to go." 
He pulled her body up again until her asshole gripped the head of his cock and
then lowered her down again, this time quicker.  Before she even made one
revolution around his cock, he had buried seven inches of cock inside her.  Her
felt her jerk again in pain as the friction of her asshole slowly spinning
around his cock and the depth of his cock inside her shot pain straight up her
spine.  "Last inch, Rebecca, then we start fucking, her it comes," watching as
her ass sank down lower until her cheeks rested on him, her asshole swallowing
all eight inches of his cock.

	It hurt, her stomach cramping from the hard cock buried inside her.  She
was bound so tight, she could not relieve the pain, only submissively hang down
onto his cock.  She was still spinning, the cock bending inside her asshole, new
bursts of pain as it hit new spots inside her.  "Hurry, it hurts, cum inside me,
please."

	"Do you want to fuck me with your asshole, Rebecca?  Do you like my hard
cock inside you?  I can feel how hot and tight you are.  I love to fuck little
girls like you in the ass."  He set the button on automatic.  It would pull up
slowly until only the head was grasped by her asshole before returning back down
again.  But when it lowered, it would speed up, driving all eight inches of cock
inside her in one very painful, corkscrew motion.  "Now grab my cock with your
asshole as you fuck it.  Make me cum or I will fuck you all day."

	"OOOWWW," the cock tearing down inside her on the downward stroke,
burying inside of her in one long continuous painful insertion.  It pulled out
slowly, her asshole gripping it like it wanted it to stay, dragging her insides
out when withdrawn.  She did as she was told, squeezing down on the cock as it
was withdrawn.  She had to make him cum.  She had to stop the terrible pain of
the cock burning up her asshole.

	"That's a good girl, Rebecca, your asshole is squeezing my cock.  You
like getting ass fucked, don't you?"  He speeded up her spinning, adding some
oil to his cock when it was almost out of her body.  "I greased your asshole up
a little, now we can fuck faster."  He watched as her body spun around and
around and up and down.  His cock felt liked it was getting sucked into a drain. 
The friction would make him cum, her asshole clinging to his cock, getting ready
to pull the cum from his balls.

	Rebecca felt her body spinning faster, her head dizzy from the spinning,
her asshole burning from the ass fucking the Judge was subjecting her to.  She
squeezed the cock even though it was painful as she did.  She had to get him to
cum.  Her asshole was stretched and torn, as she was brutally ass fucked.  Her
body was pulled up and down, each time all eight inches of cock was buried deep
inside her colon.  She felt the cock hit new parts of her asshole each time she
would revolve around his cock, the head rubbing harshly against her inner walls. 
"Please, hurry up and cum, it hurts too much," she cried out, squeezing her
inner muscles so that her asshole would massage his cock into cumming inside
her.

	"Yes, good girl, Rebecca," shoving his cock up into her brutally,
letting her feel the large cock tearing up her backside.  He watched as she
quickly sank back down on his cock again, burying it into her asshole as she
spun around and around.  "Squeeze hard now, I'm going to cum," he shouted,
plunging her asshole down on his cock to rest there, making her spin faster.  He
felt her squeeze his cock as his balls began to unload his cum inside her.  He
shout a full load of cum deep inside her asshole, giving her a cum enema.

	Rebecca squeezed his cock tightly as she felt it get bigger and stretch
her asshole wider apart.  She could feel his cum racing up the length of his
cock as it was buried inside her asshole until she felt it shoot and fill her
asshole with the first of many loads of hot cum.  She felt the wetness inside
her as a second and then a third load of cum filled her asshole up.  She could
feel it all buried deep inside her colon, filling her up.

	The Judge shot his last load of cum in her asshole before he raised her
body from his cock.  He watched as it popped out, her asshole staying open for
long seconds, a gaping hole replacing the tiny asshole that was there when they
started.  He rose up from underneath her, his cum dripping from her asshole onto
the floor beneath her.  He dropped her down onto the floor, her ass falling into
the small puddle of cum that dripped from her asshole.  He released her from her
cuffs.  "You're a good fuck, Rebecca.  You have the tightest asshole I ever
felt.  It just sucked the cum straight out of my balls."  He walked out as the
deputy walked in to take her back to her cell. 

To Be Continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





