BDSM Library - First Encounter




First Encounter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: David meets Andrea, who will soon become his Mistress.  If you're looking for a hardcore BDSM story, this probably isn't for you. It's romantic, in it's own way, in that you can tell Andrea really cares for her slave. The first chapter might be kind of slow, but future chapters will be faster paced.
First Encounter


	I had met her through an Internet personal.  I was a submissive guy who was
searching for someone to make me her play toy.  She was looking for the toy.

	I had been submissive for as long as I could remember.  As early as 4 or 5 I
could remember seeing pictures of women in bondage on the covers of magazines
like True Detective.  The thing was, I identified with the women, I was the one
who wanted to be tied up.  Of course, at 5, what did I know about BDSM?  All I
knew was that when I tied myself up, or played Cops and Robbers, or Cowboys and
Indians and was tied up, that I was excited.  I didn't know it was sexual
excitement until I reached my teens.  My first masturbation fantasies involved
me being kidnapped, used and abused by women, forced to serve their desires.  I 
graduated to phone sex, then real time sessions with Mistresses.

	In my early years, I had felt strange, and alone.  This wasn't normal, was
it?  worshipping a woman's boots, allowing her to whip me, to spank me like a
little child.  Subjugating my needs and desires to hers.  There must be
something terribly wrong with me, I thought.  I allowed many woman to beat me
raw, to leave me broken and crying, while they told me how useless and worthless
I was, offering no sympathy at all.  I thought they were perfect.  They were the
dominants I had always read and fantasized about.

	And yet, somehow, it felt wrong.  It all came to a head one night when a
Mistress decided to practice her single tail whip skills, or lack thereof, on
me.  I left her with tears in my eyes, barely able to walk.  In the morning, I
awoke with large ugly welts on my back, ass and flanks.  Worse, I was pissing
blood.  A frightening trip to the Emergency Room (imagine the explanations), and
I was told I had some kidney damage, but nothing that wouldn't heal in a few
days...well, except for my psyche.

	Of course, I never saw the whip wielding Domme again.  For a long time, in
fact, I interacted with no one.  I was afraid...and miserable.  I craved BDSM,
craved submitting myself to another, but was too afraid of the embarrassment,
and the inevitable hurt.  I started slow, entering discussions on newsgroup
pages, and chat rooms.  I was amazed by what I learned.  Submissives weren't
useless pieces of shit...they were human beings!  They had needs, just like the
Dominant.  As a submissive, I could set limits; I didn't have to do everything a
Domme told me to, or allow myself to be hurt.  Safe words!  Safe, sane and
consensual! Concepts that allowed me to venture back out.

	I began to meet others to play with.  Mistress Nicole was the first Domme I
had met who actually laughed while she played, who didn't act as if I was a
drain and bother.  She taught me to respect myself, and let me know what a gift
to her my submission was.  I was brokenhearted when she moved out-of-state.

	I had mostly subsisted on submitting to a succession of professional
dominants since she had moved.  Some were good, some were bad, but in the end, I
always felt like "the clock was running," and I was intruding on their time.

	Then I met Andrea.

	I answered her Internet ad.  It was one of many I'd answered before, usually
with the pessimistic feeling that I would never hear anything from her. She was
upfront about wanting an intelligent submissive, one who could write more than a
two-sentence e-mail.  She also made it clear she was looking for a Domme/sub
relationship, a personal play toy.  We started e-mailing back in forth.  She
said she was impressed by my answers and appreciated the way I shared my
thoughts and insights with her.  I hadn't though about my experiences or
analyzed them quite so thoroughly in quite a long time.  We seemed to be on the
same page and looking for the same things.  We set a time to meet.  We talked
about having dinner, and when I asked her how long I should expect to stay out,
she said, "Be ready to stay very, very late.  You never know what might happen."



************************************************************************



	I pulled into the parking lot of a large shopping center, and a car flashed
its lights at me.  I pulled up next to it, and got my first look at Mistress
Andrea.  She was more beautiful than I had imagined.  In her eyes, I could see a
devilish wickedness.  As she rolled down her window, she threw me a beaming
smile, "Hi, you must be David." she said.

	"And you must be Andrea.  I'm very delighted to meet you."  I replied.

	"Well then, why don't you get out of your car, and come over here into
mine."  I did as she asked.  When I sat in the passenger seat, she leaned over
and kissed me on the cheek.  She was dressed in a white silk blouse that amply
showed off her cleavage, and gave me a glimpse of the black leather bra
underneath, leather skirt, stockings and patent leather high heels, all in
black.  "I'm glad we're finally getting together.  Do you want to go get
something to eat?"

	I agreed, and we went off to a small restaurant.  While we ate, we talked
about D/s and each of our experiences.  Mistress Andrea had been submissive for
a long time, but had found it went against her nature.  She had learned much as
a submissive, and knew the feelings and desires I was likely going through.  She
looked at BDSM as a teaching and learning experience, for both the Domme and
submissive.  She understood the trust I would place in her, and how she would
need to earn that trust.  "I can't just tell you 'Trust me' and expect you to do
it," she explained, "I have to show it in actions.  If you safe out and I don't
honor that, how can you trust me?  If you tell me you absolutely, positively
don't want to do something, and I coerce you into it, what kind of trust will
you have in me?" she explained.

	Dinner was over, and we headed back out into the parking lot, and to her
car.  I walked around and opened her door, then went back to the other side and
slid into the passenger seat.  Mistress Andrea looked over at me, and put her
hand on my thigh, "I'd really like to play with you tonight," she announced.

	I licked my lips nervously, "I'd like that," I answered, and got a big smile
in return.

	"I was hoping you'd say that," she put the key in the ignition, and started
the car.  A change seemed to come over her as we left the parking lot.  She
didn't become a stone cold bitch, but her demeanor certainly become more like a
superior addressing a subordinate.  A Mistress speaking to her slave.

	"We're going to go to my place, and I'm going to use you.  I'm going to make
you my slave, my slut, my whore.  The rules are very simple.  You will address
me as Mistress or Mistress Andrea at all times.  You will do anything I ask,
when I ask it, or you will be punished," she smiled evilly, "Or I may just
punish you because I feel like it.  Your safewords are yellow - for slow down,
and red - for stop."  Her mood lightened, "I promise you, David, I will honor
those.  Don't be afraid to use them."

	"Yes, Mistress Andrea," I answered softly.

	"This is going to be so much fun," she gushed, "For both of us."  She paused
for a moment, "When we get to my place, you will open my door, then follow me
inside.  Once inside, we're going to go into the living room.  I will sit on the
couch, and you will strip in front of me.  The first thing I want to do is
inspect my property."

	She slowed the car as we pulled up in front of her home.  I got out quickly,
and walked around the car, opened her door, and took her hand, helping her out. 
I followed obediently behind her to the door.  I followed her through it, down a
short hallway, and into the living room, watching the sexy sway of her ass in
front of me.  She sat on the couch, then smiled up at me.  "Well?  Strip, slut."
she ordered.

	I quickly took off my clothes, and in short order, stood before her,
completely naked, my rock hard cock jutting out.  "Come closer," she said,
beckoning with her index finger.  She ran her hands over my cock and balls, "If
you're very, very, very good, you may get to use this later," she said, running
her finger from the base to my cockhead, "You're very excited," she said, as she
took a drop of precum onto her finger, and raised it to my lips, "Lick it off,"
she quietly commanded, as I sucked her finger into my mouth.  Her hands wandered
to my chest, and began play with my nipples, "Such small nipples," I gasped as
she pinched them both.  She laughed.  It was deep and throaty, "And so very
sensitive.  That's going to be interesting later on.  Turn around."

	Her hands began to roam over my bottom.  "Oh, this is a nice ass, "she
reported, "but so white."  She smacked me, "That's a little better, but I need
it to be a lot redder."  Her hand wandered over the left side of my hip, over
the scar that was still there from the single tail.  Her voice changed, it was
one of concern, "Is this where she hit you with the whip?"

	"Yes, Mistress Andrea."

	She kissed it, then moved her head around so she was looking up at me. "I
will never do that to you," she said, and the depth of feeling in her voice and
the emotion in her eyes was almost overwhelming.  I knew then that any issues of
trust were irrelevant.  I would trust her to take me as far as she wanted.

	Her hands returned to my ass.  "Bend over and grab your ankles." As I did,
she spread my ass cheeks apart, and I felt a finger run down my ass, to my
virgin hole.  "So, you've never been fucked?" she asked, "Never had you're
cherry popped?"

	"No, Mistress.  Nothing larger than a medium butt plug, about an
inch-and-a-half around.  Mistress Nicole said I was 'deep, but not very wide.' 
We were working on that when she moved away."

	"I guess I'll just have to finish what she started."  She sat back on the
couch.  "Turn back around and kneel in front of me."  I knelt before her, and
cast my eyes downward.  She lifted my chin up, so that I was looking into her
eyes.  She just gazed at me for a moment.  "I want you to look at me, David. 
You don't need to gaze at the floor."  She gave me a gentle smile, "I want you
to know, I'm not going to hurt you.  I will keep you safe.  Do you understand
that?"

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Good, " she said, letting go of my chin, "Show your submission to me by
kissing the toe of each of my shoes once, and tell me you want to be mine."

	I planted a kiss on the toe of each of her shoes.  The smell was
intoxicating, "Make me yours, Mistress Andrea."

	She reached down and placed a collar around my neck.  "This is a training
collar, slave.  You will wear it whenever you serve me.  It signifies your
submission to me, and my ownership of you."  She stood up, towering over me,
"Crawl on your hands and knees behind me.  We're going to go into the bedroom."

	I followed her down the hall and into the bedroom.  It was obvious I had
been set-up, not that I was complaining.  Oh, I guess Mistress Andrea's bedroom
could have always been decorated like a medieval sexual torture chamber, but
somehow, I doubted it.  Laid out on the king-sized bed in the center of the room
were a set of ankle and wrist cuffs, floggers, crops and paddles.  A chest of
drawers was against one wall, with various straps on top.  A few of the drawers
were open, and I could see various implements, including clamps, clothespins,
dildoes and vibrators nestled inside of them.  Just in front of the bed, hanging
from ceiling hooks was a long bar, with eyebolts and snap hooks at each end. 
Mistress Andrea proceeded to place the ankle and wrist cuffs on me, then
attached me to the bar, attaching a spreader bar to my ankles.  She placed a
blindfold over my eyes, then tweaked a nipple, "Don't go anywhere," she laughed
and I heard her walking out of the room.

	My senses were hyper aware.  I heard every creak and groan in the house.  I
could smell the slight scent of Mistress Andrea's perfume.  However hyper acute
my senses were, though, they weren't able to discern when she returned.  She
told me later that she had stood in the doorway for several minutes, just
looking at me, seeing that I was under her control, that I was there to please
her.  I didn't know she was there until the feathery touch of her hand caressed
my ass, making its way up my back, and removing the blindfold.

	I caught my breath as I stared at her.  She stood naked before me, except
for the black thigh-high stockings and a pair of knee high leather stiletto
heeled boots she had obviously changed into.  Her coral colored nipples stood
out proudly from her breast, stiff and engorged with blood.  The trimmed
triangle of hair at her crotch glistened with moistness.  She smiled wickedly,
as she stepped forward, grabbed my cock and squeezed, "Like what you see, bitch? 
I can tell that you do."  She reached over to the chest, removed a ball gag and
placed it in my mouth, securing the strap behind my head.  "Snap your fingers,"
I did, "That is now your safe word.  Snap your fingers 3 times if it's too
much."

	She stepped over to the bed and picked up a flogger, swished it through the
air experimentally.  "First, I'm going to flog, paddle and crop you.  Two
reasons.  First, " she brought the flogger down with a "SWACK" upon my ass, and
I moaned into the gag, "because I can't stand a pale...white...ass." She
punctuated each word with a blow from the flogger.  "And second, because I find
it much better to get obedience later when I let you know what you can expect
for disobedience."

	Mistress Andrea then set about flogging my shoulders, back and ass.  The
only sounds in the room were the flogger hitting my skin and my moans.  I like
being flogged, especially on my back.  When used by a true expert, and Mistress
Andrea was, a Domme can get so many different sensations out of a flogger.  It
can be a dull, diffuse, sensation, that spreads over your entire back, kind of
like a "thudding" sensation; it can be sharp and stingy; or somewhere in
between.  I was slowly beginning a descent into my own headspace, losing contact
with the outside world.  When I was all the way into that subspace, Mistress
Andrea would be able to do anything to me - and I'd give her anything she asked.

	"Much nicer," she observed, running her soft, cool hand over my, I was sure,
reddened back and ass.  She walked back around to the front of me, put the
flogger on the bed, then turned and ran her hand along my cheek, "Doing okay,
pet?"

	"MMMffff," I said into the gag, nodding my head.  She smiled, then turned
and picked up what looked like a leather ping-pong paddle.  She walked back
behind me.  I felt her rubbing the cool leather against my hot skin.  I prepared
myself for the blow when I felt it lift off my ass.

	I screamed quietly into the gag when the blow landed, but it changed it into
a high-pitched moan.  A paddle has a distinctly different sensation from a
flogger, just like a crop has a different sensation from either.  A paddle,
while it stings, does so over a much larger area.  Thankfully, Mistress Andrea
had warmed me up with the flogger first.  I need that, and Mistress Andrea knew
to work from a less intense to more intense sensory feeling as she took me
deeper into myself.  She rhythmically paddled my ass, a blow coming every 3 - 4
seconds, alternating from one side to the other.  Occasionally, she'd stop, and
run her hand over my bottom, sending chills through me.  She began to speed up
the paddling, ending in a final crescendo of blows that left me crying out
weakly.

	"That was very good, pet," she whispered into my ear.  "You took so much for
me."  She reached over to the bed and picked up a crop, "But it's not quite over
yet."

	She stood next to me, her legs straddling my side, one in front of me, one
behind.  She rubbed the crop along my ass, while her other hand ran up my chest
and playfully stroked and pinched my nipple.  Her nipples brushed against me as
she slowly began cropping my ass, leaving pinpoints of sharp pain in its wake. 
The cropping was short.  After only a few minutes, she threw the crop to the
bed.  Still standing next to me, she reached behind my head and undid the ball
gag, removing it from my mouth.  "Are you okay, pet?"

	I knew I was in deep, since her voice seemed to come from far away.  For me,
subspace is like a drug.  I can understand how addictive drugs must be,
especially if they feel like this.  I craved this feeling, and hadn't reached it
with anyone else since Mistress Nicole.  I'd been close, but never this deep.  A
sense of complete and utter calmness pervaded me.  I felt like I was floating. 
"I'm fine, Mistress." I replied quietly.

	Her fingers brushed my lips, and I could smell her scent, and taste her,
"You make me so wet," she told me as I sucked and licked her juices off her
fingers.  She reached up above me, and released the wrist cuffs from the bar. 
She then reached down below, and released my ankles from the spreader bar. 
Mistress Andrea sat on the corner of the bed, "Kneel before me slave."

	I knelt, and she tapped the toes of her boot against my cock and balls,
causing a drop of precum to splatter on her boot, "Lick that off."  She leaned
back on her arms, as I worshipped her boot, "What am I going to do with you
next," she mused.




First Encounter, Part 2

She just sat there for a few moments, watching me lick and kiss her boot.  "You
do that very well," she remarked, "But I think you're enjoying it a little too
much."  She stood up then, and beamed that wicked smile, "Time for my
enjoyment...again.  Get up here on the bed.  On your back in the center."  When
I was lying there, she ordered me to spread out my arms and legs, then secured
me spread-eagled.  My wrist cuffs were snaplocked to eyehooks in the headboard. 
My ankle cuffs were tied by a length of rope which ran through a set of pullies
attached to the headboard above those eyehooks.  Lastly, Mistress Andrea used
two snaplocks to attach to D-rings on either side of my collar, which in turn
snapped onto another set of eyehooks in the headboard.

"You are such a beautiful and responsive little slut," she mused as she slid off
the bed and made her way over to the chest of drawers.  I couldn't see what she
was doing.  The way she had secured the collar left me no ability to turn my
head, but I could here her rummaging around, retrieving things.  She was back by
my side shortly, and put her implements on the bed.  "Let's start with these,"
she said, holding up a pair of clover clamps before my face.  She began to tweak
and twist my nipples, then lowered her mouth to first one, then the other,
licking it, sucking it, biting it.  My nipples are very sensitive, and she was
giggling as I writhed and moaned beneath her ministrations. "Ready?"  was all
she said, as she snapped them both on at once.

My back arched "AHHHHH!" I loudly moaned as they bit into my tender flesh.

"Breathe, David."  I heard Mistress Andrea command, as her hand slid down and
began caressing my balls, diverting my attention from the fire in my chest. 
Qietly, soothingly, she began speaking to me, "Breathe, it's okay.  I just want
you to keep them on for a few minutes.  You'll make me soooo happy if you do." 
Her hand was stroking up and down my rock hard shaft now, and she laughed
throatily, "It can't hurt too bad...you're hard and dripping my little bitch." 
After a moment, I heard her say, "Open your eyes, David.  Look at me."

She was smiling, her face inches away from mine.  I could see concern in her
green eyes, but also longing and barely contained sexual energy.  "Are you okay? 
Do you want me to take them off?"

I shook my head...o tried to anyway.  "No...no, Mistress Andrea.  I'm okay now."

She leaned down and kissed me, deeply, her tongue gliding over my teeth and
tongue.  I felt her sliding her pussy against my leg, "Do you feel that?" she
asked, "Can you feel how absolutely soaked you're making me?"

"Yes."  I could feel the wet trail she was leaving down my leg.

"I could cum right now...but I'm not going to.  We still have much more to do. 
Are you ready to go on?"

"Oh god, yes, Mistress."

The hand that had been stroking my cock stopped.  It was back seconds later,
attaching clothespins to my cock and balls.  I moaned, but it didn't hurt nearly
as much as the nipple clamps had.  For some reason or another, I'm not as
sensitive down there.  When Andrea had finished attaching 5 pins along my
scotum, and 2 on either side of my cockhead, she began flicking all of the
clamps at random with her fingers.

"I like torturing cocks, balls and nipples," she said idly, as I gasped and
writhed.  "Cocks and balls especially, because most men are so protective of
them...understandably so.  Then again, most dominants like to torture female
slave's clits, pussies and tits.  It never did anything for me...either as a sub
or a Domme."

I felt pinpricks on my chest, as she had picked up a Wartenburg wheel, and began
running it all over my body.  She ran it around my now almost numb nipples, then
down my stomach, and over my engorged and sensitive glans.  "God, I love how you
squirm," she observed.

She had tired of the wheel, and slid off the bed.  Again, I couldn't see what
she was doing, but then I heard a very unmistakable sound - the turning of a
control knob and then static buzzing as a Violet Wand came on.  I arched my back
again, as she brought the wand near my cock and the static charge jumped from
the attachment to the head of my cock.  It felt like a thousand little fingers
touching me as she ran it all over my body - over my cock, balls, and nipples. 
Then Mistress Andrea grabbed the attachment on the wand, leaned over and kissed
me.

Sparks leapt from her lips to mine as they came close together.  Then her tongue
was again intertwined with mine, and I could feel the electricity leaping
between them.  She moved her mouth down to my nipples, and began licking and
sucking them, little sparks leaping all around.

I was in pure agony, and pure delight, when she slid down even lower, removed
the clothespins from my privates and wrapped her mouth around my cock.  She
began to bob up and down on it.  I had never had a Mistress give me a blow job
before.  I had never had anyone give me such a good one!  I knew I was close,
and began moaning, my hips bucking.  "Mistress, please stop!"  I yelled, even
though I didn't want her too.  "Oh, you're going to make me cum!"

"UMMM HMMMM," she moaned around my cock, as I felt it begin to swell, the juice
bursting forth from my balls.  My whole world was centered around my groin, as I
felt one of the most powerful orgasm of my life building up.  Just as I was
about to shoot, Andrea reached up and removed the clamp on my right nipple. 
Pain flared as the blood rushed back in!  I screamed, and cum began erupting
from my cock into her mouth.  I didn't know if the scream was from the intensity
of the orgasm or the pain.  I began bucking wildly on the bed, and if I hadn't
been tied down, would have fallen off.  I was just starting to come down, when
she ripped the other clamp off.  Cum started rushing through my cock again, as I
had a second orgasm...the first time that had ever happened!

I was breathing hard, slowly returning to my senses, mumbling "Thank you
Mistress, thank you," when Andrea clamped her mouth over mine, and began pushing
my seed into my mouth with her tongue.  My eyes flew open in surprise, to see
her mirth filled ones looking down at me.  "Well, slut, you didn't think I was
going to swallow it, did you?"




First Encounter, Part 3

Andrea stood up, smiling at me, running her fingers idly along my chest.  "I'll
be right back."  I heard her heels click across the floor and then down the
hall.  I then heard the water running.  She returned in a moment, carrying a
glass of water.  She sat down next to me on the bed, and unhooked the snaplocks
attached to my collar.  She put her empty hand behind my head and pushed it up,
supporting it, as she put the glass to my lips, "Here, drink this," she said
softly, and I eagerly drank down the water in one swallow.  She put the glass
down on a bedside table, "Are you ready for more, pet?" she asked, as she
reattached the snaplocks to the collar.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Mmmmm," she hummed, idly pinching my nipple, "my pet has cum," she smiled,
"twice, but his Mistress hasn't.  We should fix that, don't you think?"

"Yes, Mistress," I answered eagerly.

"I'm so glad you agree," she said, as she swung a leg over my body, straddling
my head and slowly lowering her pussy to my face. "Start licking, bitch," she
growled.

I dived into the folds of her pussy.  She was very wet, and her juices had
leaked onto her thighs, which I could feel on the sides of my face.  I started
by running my tongue around the outside of her lips, parting them, and licking
inside with long, slow strokes.  Andrea began moaning, "Oh, that feels so good. 
Keep licking just like that."  I started to move towards her clit, but she
reached down and grabbed me by the hair, "I said keep licking there, slut.  I
didn't tell you to go anywhere near my clit," she paused as I moved back to her
lips, "I want to enjoy this."  I kept at it, as more fluid came from her,
coating my face.  "Yeah, that's good."

After a few moments of this, she was moving her hips, rubbing her pussy along my
tongue and nose, riding my face.  "Oh, fuck, that's good.  Start licking my
clit," I did as she ordered, licking from the bottom of her pussy, up to the
top, and then flicking her clit with my tongue.  Every time I did so, she
moaned, or let out a little yelp.  "You didn't lie...ooooo...did you slut?  You
really are good with your tongue."

She let go of my hair, and held onto the headboard with both hands.  I zeroed in
on her clit, "Yeah, right there...right there... fuck... ahhhh... ahhhh...
mmmm.... yeah... yeah... OH GOD!  YEAH! CUMMING!!!" she screamed and put her
whole weight on my face, cutting off my breath, as I simultaneously kept lashing
her clit with my tongue, and swallowing the juice coming out of her, while she
humped my face.  I thought I was going to pass out, when she finally raised
herself up a little, allowing me to catch my breath.  "Wow," she said, letting
out a breath, "That was good, my little bitch."  She raised herself up, then
turned herself around, so that we were in a 69 position, "Round two, pet," she
giggled, and her pussy came down to my mouth again, as she laid along the top of
my body, her hard nipples pressing into my stomach, the smell of leather from
her boots strong in my nose.

I brought her to three more orgasms, each one louder than the last.  She rolled
off of me, and lay alongside of me after the third, and her hand stroked my once
again hard cock.  "This is such a nice cock, my pet.  Maybe I'll let you use it
later, hmmm?"  She looked up at me, "Are you all right, David?"

"Yes, Mistress, "I replied, "I'm much more than all right."

"You sound pretty dreamy.  Still with me?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good.  I think I'm going to keep you...tied here to my bed, "she laughed
throatily, "Wouldn't that be fun, pet?"

"Yes, Mistress."

She got up from the bed, and moved out of my view.  The next thing I knew, she
was back at the bed, and my legs began to rise in the air, as she pulled the
ropes that were attached to the pulleys.  She then took a pillow and slid it
under my ass, raising it higher into the air.  "Do you know what I'm doing,
David?"

"No, Mistress."

She stood at the end of the bed, and looking between my legs, I could see her, a
strap-on dildo hanging between her legs, a squeeze bottle of lube in one hand.
"I'm going to make you my bitch," She squeezed some lube into her hand, and then
began stroking the dildo, "I'm going to take your cherry."  She climbed up on
the bed, kneeling in between my spread legs.  "It's a small dildo, not much
larger than a medium butt plug," she said, as I felt her spreading lube around
my anus.  I gasped and moaned, as she pushed first one finger, then a second
inside of me.  Andrea smiled "Yeah, moan like the whore you are."

She removed her fingers, and then shifted her body a bit, putting her hands on
my shoulders.  I could feel the head of her cock at the entrance to my ass. 
"Look at me," she ordered, "Keep your eyes on mine.  I want to see the lust in
your eyes as I take your virginity."  She began pushing, slowly but steadily,
"Relax, pet, let it happen."  The dildo invaded me, inexorably, and I let out a
long, low moan, as it slipped inside of me.  I thought I heard a "POP" as the
head slipped past my sphincter.  Once the head was inside, Andrea was able to
sink the rest of it in without any problem.

"Feels good, doesn't it?" she asked, her pelvis right up against mine, "Now
you're MY bitch," she said in an almost animalistic, feral tone. She pulled
back, until just the head was inside of me, and then slammed the whole length
back into me, knocking the breath out of me, "I am going to fuck your brains
out, slut."

She began slowly, but her pace soon quickened.  Every time I would start to
close my eyes, lost in the sensations of fullness and pleasure, she'd snap at
me.  "Keep them open, bitch.  Keep your eyes on mine."

Soon, she began to moan. "Oh, that feels sooooo good.  My cock keeps banging
into my clit," she said, smiling.  "And it's so hot to take a virgin's ass for
the first time.  Especially when I'm looking into his eyes while I fuck him."

Her thrusts started speeding up, as did her moans and gasps of pleasure.  She
reached over to the bottle of lube, squeezed some out, and started jerking my
cock. "Is that good, pet?  Having your ass fucked and your cock jerked?"

"Oh, God, yes Mistress," I moaned.

Her moans were getting closer together, and her skin was starting to flush. 
"You ready, bitch?" she said, her strokes on my cock getting faster, my need to
cum, and hers, more insistent. "NOW!  CUM WITH ME!" she screamed, as she buried
the dildo deep in my ass and her orgasm overtook her.  More cum spurted from my
cock and all over her hand.  She laid there for a moment or two, all her muscles
tense as wave after wave coursed through her.  Then she seemed to deflate, and
just lay on top of me, breathing heavily.  "Oh... Oh... that was the best of the
lot," she said haltingly.  Then she brought her fingers to my lips, "Lick them
clean, bitch."

I sucked them hungrily into my mouth, as she unbuckled the strap-on harness with
her other hand.  When I was done, she somehow attached the harness to my body,
leaving the dildo buried deep inside of me.  She sat on the edge of the bed and
took off her boots and the stockings.  The she lowered my legs back to the bed,
and removed the pillow.  Lastly, she unlocked my wrist cuffs, leaving me still
restrained by my ankles and collar.
									
"Yes," she sighed, as she lay down next to me, her head resting on my chest, "I
definitely think I'm going to keep you."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Festen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





