BDSM Library - Taking Lucinda




Taking Lucinda
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Daugher of wealthy real estate manager forcibly taken by the very man she refused to go out with.  Lucinda is given a bit of the old in out, in out.
Taking Lucinda

Rick rewound the tape for the third time and pressed play.  There she was,
filling his 72 inch monitor with her glorious figure.  Her pale skin contrasting
with her jet black hair and striking green eyes.  She was laughing nervously as
the camera followed her every movement.  It was her father's birthday and the
party was being held in his office, which was why Rick was able to get the
beautiful young woman on video tape.  Her name was Lucinda and she was perfect
in every way.  He hit the pause button as she twisted her body from the camera
and the lense had zoomed in on her right breast.

Rick put down the remote control and stretched back on the lounge sticking  his
hands inside his shorts to massage his hard dick.  Ever since his boss had
introduced him to his 17 year old daughter Lucinda, he had wanted her.  Months
of fantasizing about stretching her out naked on his bed and worshipping her hot
young body with his tongue, and hands.  He closed his eyes and sighed as his
balls began to tighten at the image again now.  He wanted to taste her sweet
fair skin, to make her spread eagerly for him and lie quivering and expectant as
he positioned his 8 inch cock between her legs and gently rocked it into her
delicious snatch.  He imagined her crying out in ecstasy and wrapping her arms
around his neck as he sank down into her and made her his.  "Yeah Lucinda baby!" 
He grabbed his balls in one hand, furiously pumping his cock with the other. 
"Take it, take it deep in your cunt hole you sweet, sweet angel".  His balls
tightened and his cock exploded sending a stream of cum onto his stomach.  "Fuck
yeah!"  Rick cupped his balls and relaxed as a wave of warm, sleepy feelings
washed over him.  He had to have her.  He just had to find a way to get Lucinda
to see reason.

Rick had already asked Lucinda out now on five separate occasions.  But each
time she had politely turned him down without even the slightest bit of
interest, telling him that she wasn't allowed to date anyone until she turned 18
and even then her father wouldn't allow her to date anyone outside her own age
group.   Especially a 32 year old man such as Rick.  But Rick was not a man to
give up easily.  He had let too many women turn him down over the past few
months, and Lucinda was just too damn good to give up on.  He had a plan.


Lucinda rang the doorbell and waited.  The piece of paper she held in her hand
was strange, it told her to come to 545 Furenne St. and meet her father for
lunch.  She was used to him making unusual dinner plans.  As a manager of a busy
real estate business, it wasn't very often that he managed to get time to eat,
let alone share a few precious minutes with his favourite daughter.   So he
often made the most of what little time he had by arranging to meet Lucinda
during one of his inspections of a vacant property.

Lucinda knocked loudly, puzzled by the silence.  She looked around.   Her
father's car was not parked anywhere on the road or in the driveway.  Maybe he
hadn't arrived yet.  She tried the door handle and was surprised when it opened.

"Hi dad?" Lucinda called out tentatively.

"Hullo?"  She wondered if he was in the backyard.  The house was too empty and
quiet.

"You there dad?"  She walked into the lounge area and shut the front door after
herself.

Suddenly hands grabbed her from behind and she was thrown face down onto the
ground.

"If you struggle you will only make it worse for yourself." A voice calmly told
her as her hands were twisted up behind her back and tied firmly with a rope
despite her struggles.

"Rick?"  Lucinda thought she recognised the voice and wondered for a moment if
this was some kind of practical joke.

"That's right bitch, its me, Rick"

"You're hurting me!"  She protested.

"Well its gonna hurt a whole lot more very soon my dear," Rick chuckled to
himself.  "I asked you out five times Lucinda.  It didn't have to be like this
but you thought you were too good for the likes of me and you turned me down. 
Ah well, it's a shame but young girls do tend to make silly mistakes, its all
part of growing up."

"What do you mean?  Please Let me go, you're hurting me... Its not funny Rick. 
Where's my father?"  Lucinda was wildly trying to wriggle her way out of his
grasp and it was turning him on just watching her delicious body squirming on
the floor.  He placed his foot in the small of her back and leaned is weight
onto her until she screamed.

"This is one mistake you're gonna regret for the rest of you life Lucinda.  Its
not meant to be funny my dear.  Its meant to be deadly serious because in a
moment I'm going to fuck you so hard you will beg for my forgiveness."

"HELP!  Someone!"

"Go on scream away bitch!  There's noone around for miles out here and this
house is big and empty, just right for the two of us to have a bit of fun
together."

"Let me go!  My dad will be here any minute and he'll have you arrested and
sacked for laying a finger on me."  Lucinda was yelling at the top of her lungs
and it was annoying Rick imensly.  He liked hearing her scream but he couldn't
take the yelling.  He punched her in the side of the head twice and as she
gasped in pain and horror at the impact he regained his composure.

"Daddy isn't coming out hear sweetheart.  This isn't one of his rental
properties, it belongs to me, so its just you and me babe."

"Pleeeeeeease...."  She was sobbing her little heart out now as the hopelessness
of her situation began to dawn on her.

"That's better...  Now just relax a bit Lucinda and maybe this wont hurt you as
much as it could.  I'm gonna fuck you as many times as I can today, coz my balls
are nice and full of fresh spunk that I've been saving up for you all week. 
Just think it'll all be over this time tomorrow."

"Noooooooooooo  Don't rape me.  Please don't make me do this.... PLEASE Rick! 
I'll do anything for you, just let me go.  Please I won't tell anyone.  I
promise..."  Lucinda's sobs made her whole body shake.

Rick hoisted her up onto her feet forcefully and dragged her down the dark hall
and into a huge bedroom.  He threw her face down on the Queen sized bed and sat
on her kicking legs as he took his boots and socks off.

"Rick... Why are you doing this?  Please let me go..."  Still sobing, still
pleading for her release, Lucinda's fear had risen to choking point.

"Oh cut it out Lucinda!"  Rick unbuttoned his shirt as he calmly chatted to her
"You've had this coming to you for a long time.  I'll bet you're a little slut
among the boys your age anyway, you're such a cocktease.  Stop you're bawling. 
All you have to do is lie back and spread your legs and if you stop getting all
worked up about it you might actually enjoy it."

He untied her arms and re tied them to the right and left sides of the bed head. 
Still sitting on her legs he tore open her blouse and reaching in his pocket for
a pair of scissors he cut open her bra, releasing her well developed breasts
gleefully.



"There we go," he breathed heavily as he leaned forward and licked her right
nipple, wrapping his hands around her breasts and kneeding them hard.  Her chest
heaved and fell as she sobbed and struggled and pleaded with him in gasps.  He
tore her skirt open and her blouse off until she lay in her white cotton undies,
shivering, and snivelling.

Her struggles were no match for Rick's strength and size as he pressed himself
down on her writhing body and stuck his head into her crotch.  He smelled her
sex and then sat back up on her legs as he fumbled with his belt buckle and fly. 
His cock was so hard it was hurting in his pants.  He had to get inside this
bitch.  He wanted to slam it home to her until her titties shook and her whole
body jumped with every thrust.  He cut the panties off her to avoid being kicked
from her struggling legs.  She had a perfect little dark v of hair.  They were
both completely naked now and Rick climbed up on top of Lucinda and laid his
entire weight down onto the terrified girl.

"Please no..."  She gasped feebly as she felt his hard pole pressing into her
crotch.

Rick grinned down at her as he forced her legs apart inch by inch until he eased
himself between them.

"You know what's coming don't you slut?  You know what's going to happen now
don't you?  I'm going to force my big cock into your tight cunt and ride you
hard.  And there's nothing you can do about it girl so just lie back and enjoy
it."

"PLEEEEEEASE" She screamed as his cock began probing her private parts.

"No need to get excited" He chuckled, enjoying rubbing his cock up and down her
soft little slit. "Its going in whether you like it or not my dear.  Now brace
yourself Lucinda coz this is gonna hurt."

He thrust forward and down jamming his cock into her crotch hard.  She screamed
more in anticipation than pain because he hadn't even entered her at this stage. 
Gathering himself again for another stab at her he grabbed her face with both
hands and forced her to look up at his grinning face.

"You're gonna feel every bit of this Lucinda."  He told her in a soft voice.  "I
want you to look at me coz I'm gonna fuck you in a way you aint gonna forget
it."

Worming desperately from his vice like grip on her head, Lucinda squeezed her
eyes tightly shut.  Tears were running freely from her eyelids now and making
rivers on either side of her face.  Her nose was running and she was dribbling
and sobbing her heart out.  Rick saw her obvious distress as one of the most
sexually pleasing sights of his life.  His hard on was turning his dick inside
out, he had to get inside this bitch.

"AAAAAHHHH!" She screamed as he thrust forward again and missed her vagina,
ramming his cock hard along her crack.  Frustrated now he removed one hand from
her head and slid it between her legs.  He felt about a bit for a while and then
found her hole and carefully prized it open enough to slide a finger inside. 
She was so tight that even this caused her extreme pain.  Fuck this was going to
be a screw he would be hard up to match.

He shoved his finger in and out for a while until it worked its way in deep
enough for him to hit the wall of her hymen.

"AAAAAAHHHHHH!  Stop, stop PLEASE you have to stop!"  She screamed and thrashed
about with strength anew.

"I don't believe it!" His excitement was plain to see.  "So you're a virgin eh?"

"Leave me alone!" Her legs although forcibly spread apart were instinctively
squeezing together trying to keep Rick out of her private parts.  Every now and
then she managed to kick him hard with the heels of her feet but it only seemed
to make him more determined.  She knew now without a doubt that she was going to
be raped brutally and there was not a thing she could do about it.  She had
wanted to save herself for her wedding night when the right man came along and
this brutal animal above her was going to rob her of everything.  Lucinda wanted
to die, she wanted Rick to stab her in the heart rather than face the indignity
and prolonged pain of what he was doing to her body.

Another finger stabbed into her pussy and Rick leaned down and kissed her hard
on the lips forcing his tongue in her mouth roughly.  She tried to twist her
head to one side and he punished her by adding a third finger and raking it hard
against her hymen.

The pain was unbearable.  Suddenly he yanked his fingers from her crotch and
shoved them into her mouth.  "Taste that bitch," He laughed as she gagged on the
taste of his fingers.  "That's your virgin pussy juice babe.  Lick it up like a
good little girl.  I'm gonna fuck you now.  When I shove my dick inside your
tight cunt its gonna feel like I'm sticking a fire up ya so you're gonna scream
but that's okay coz noone can hear you out here Lucinda.  Its just you and me so
relax and make as much noise as you want."

His dick pressed up against her snatch a second time and she knew that this time
there would be no delaying the inevitable.

"Please let me take it in my mouth... Don't do this Rick.  I'm not ready for sex
yet."

"Lucinda dear, I'll fuck your mouth after I've fucked your pussy.  No need to
get impatient, I intend to make this last as long as possible."  His cock found
her tiny opening and Rick rocked gently from side to side and up and down to get
it lined up properly this time.  Her hips shrank away from him and her heels
pounded against his muscle toned thighs.

"Here it comes now Lucinda, are you ready?"  He warned her in the knowledge that
the sheer terror of it would make her tense up and keep her nice and dry for his
entry.

"NOOOOOOOOOO!"  Her voice rose to a crazy pitch as the leaned into her and felt
his prick head prize its way into her tight cunt.

"Yeah!  That's it, scream for me Lucinda"  He took a deep breath, "Open your
legs wider or this will hurt more than it needs to."

Lucinda's gurgling and sobbing stopped momentarily as she braced herself,
unconsciously tightening her sweet little pussy muscles.  He thrust his dick
into her fuck hole as hard as he could relishing her gasping silence and the
pain he felt in his rock hard member.  He knew that the pain she was feeling was
far more intense than the bit of discomfort his dick felt having to force its
way into such a tiny hole.

"Good girl!  Here goes"  He fucked into her with a vengeance, feeling the head
of his prick bursting through her opening and meeting pure virgin dry cunt.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! GOD NOOOOOOOOO"

And her screaming drove him into a frenzy.  Drawing back a fraction he rammed
her again with his fierce tool.  Her legs flailed out uselessly on the bed as
Lucinda resigned herself to the master of pain above her.  His cock drove into
her and dragged out again and the burning pain was excruciating.

"Fuck you're tight!" Rick's body had taken over now, it was thrusting and
pushing uncontrollably.

"Feel that bitch, that's your hymen.  I'm gonna rape it now.  I'm gonna shove my
dick straight through it and then fuck you stupid and you'll never be a virgin
again.  You're mine Lucinda dear, all mine"

His cock rammed deeper inside her and as it slammed up against her virginity she
screamed afresh, going crazy with the pain.  He paused and relished the way the
veins stood out in her neck and her whole body fought to get away from him.

"Take it!" He ordered as he drew his dick up and out of her pussy and then
rammed it back in with as much force as he could muster.  Lucinda went blind
with the pain as his cock penetrated the most private part of her body.  Rick
felt her pussy rip open beneath him and it made him fuck with a frenzy of
thrusts.  He slammed in and out of her, driving his dick up between her legs
until his balls bounced against her labia and his dick was fully inside her. 
She was stretched beyond her limits now, impaled on his driving cock, limp
beneath him in resignation to the pain of being raped and yet rigidly fighting
each thrust with her tight pussy.  Never had it felt so good to fuck someone
before.  Rick's balls ached from their heavy load.

"I'm gonna cum in ya now bitch.  Are you ready for me?"  Rick's thrusts became
deeper and faster and more vicious as he forced her to take his dick deep into
her virgin pussy.

"Nooooo please" She moaned softly, her eyes fluttering open suddenly and her
whole face contorting with the pain he was administering.

"Here it comes... Here's my hot load for you Lucinda.  Take my cum up inside
your belly you little slut."  He paused, breathing in rasps now as his balls
clenched tight and he dragged his cock back momentarily.  Then just when Lucinda
thought it was all over he hammered back up inside her, slamming against the
wall of her cervix and causing her to scream in sheer agony.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

"Yeah" Rick cried out as her screams made his dick explode, shooting his load
deep inside her womb.  She felt it squirting up into her and sobbed in despair
as he jerked and orgasmed inside her.  He collapsed on top of her, burying his
head in her soft breasts and enjoying the feeling of her tight cunt milking his
dick as it began to shrink back.

With a sigh and a quick kiss, Rick yanked himself out of Lucinda's vagina and
rolled over so that he was lying next to her on the bed.  He was totally spent
for now, although he would have several more goes at her before he let her go. 
His cock was covered in virgin blood and he felt aroused again by the sight of
it.  Rolling onto his side he sucked her left nipple into his mouth and shoved
two fingers up into her cunt hole.  She made a soft grunting noise but lay
submissively next to him with her legs spread for his probing fingers and her
will broken.  She was nothing more than a cunt hole and he was going to fuck her
again just as soon as he got his breath back.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  hitman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





