BDSM Library - My Lucky Life




My Lucky Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wealthy man finaly finds a girl he can share his kinky tastes with. There's only one problem. She's not 18 yet.My Lucky Life
Prolog
Four years ago I won the Powerball. Lucky me. It wasn't the biggest jackpot
  in history, but 92 million after taxes isn't chicken scratch. I was 28 and
  in good health, was and still am a computer tech by trade. Bought a nice house
  on the Florida Gulf coast. Not too big mind you, after all it's just me living
  here. Also bought a bunch of nice, fast cars. I didn't change much after that
  lucky day, until my second lucky day arrived.

Chapter I

 It was a nice fall afternoon. My doorbell rang and I went to answer it. Standing
  on my porch were two very cute cheerleaders. They were selling candy so they
  could travel to some upcoming cheering event. I invited them in, admirering
  the good looks young girls so often have. I've never had a relationship with
  an under age girl and have never looked for one. I wasn't looking for one here
  either. But something strange was happening. You know that electricity that
  happens between two people when they first meet and are attracted to each other.
  I was feeling it with one of these girls.
 Her name was Sarah. She was stunning, really. Well, they both were. She was
  about 5' 4&quot;, long blond hair, Beautiful round face with one of those upturned
  noses. Full pouty lips and a large C cup breast line. Flat as a board stomach
  and a really nice ass. I would put her weight right about 105lbs.
 She kept glancing at me with those innocent eyes and every time I caught
  here looking she would look down. Not away like most people, but down. That
  was my first clue. Her friend did all the talking. I didn't hear her say more
  than five words. They stayed about a half an hour, just talking. I learned
  that Sarah just turned 15, she was a sophomore. Her friend was a freshman.
  They left but I didn't forget about her for a few days.

 I have this problem. I am EXTREEMLY picky about the women that I date. They
  must have perfect bodies. The faces don't matter as much to me as most guys,
  but the body is my hang up. I am so picky about it that I have never fucked
  someone that weighed over 130lbs. My second requirement is that they at least
  be willing to play around with B&amp;D. After the second or third time I have
  sex with someone I introduce her by requesting I tie her up. If she isn't into
  it then I dump her, soon. Lately I have fulfilled some of my fantasies by paying
  for it. That just isn't the same though.

 A week went by when it happened. My door bell rang and she was standing on
  my front porch. I was stunned and could only mutter a surprised &quot;Hi&quot;.
  She was obviously uncomfortable and said hi back. I gathered my wits and told
  her that I still had some candy left but wouldn't mind buying some more. She
  told me she was just here to hang out.
 Well, I didn't know what to do. I eventually let her in and asked her if
  her parents knew she was here. She said her mom didn't, so I made her call
  mom at work and ask if it was OK. I assumed she wouldn't be allowed but her
  mom gave a hesitant yes.
 Oh boy, I wasn't sure how this would go. She was beautiful. Not dressed in
  her uniform today but she had on a pair of tight jeans and a pink short sleeve
  knit sweater that showed a good portion of her midriff. Her body was tight
  with a capital T. I finally decided not to flirt back. Best I keep this under
  control.
 I offered her a seat on the couch and asked if she would like a soda. Yes
  that would be great. Ok. I came back with two glasses and sat down in my Lazy-Boy
  across from her. I barely caught the disappointment in her big blue eyes, but
  it was there. We started talking. I asked the questions mostly and she answered
  them...mostly. We did about an hour of that until Oprah came on then she wanted
  to watch that. So we watched Oprah together and talked some more. I would catch
  her looking at me in that special way. When I did, she would look at the floor.
  After Oprah, she started asking about me. I dodged most questions about my
  family and wealth. She spotted my DVD collection and went over to it. &quot;You
  want to watch a movie?&quot; &quot;Ok.&quot; She picked out 9 1/2 weeks, of
  all movies. I asked her if she knew what that one was about. She didn't and
  I believed her. So I told her the gist, making sure to tell her about why it
  was rated R. She still wanted to watch it, so against my better judgment, I
  rented.
 We watched the movie, her in the love seat and me in my recliner. I would
  occasionally catch her looking at me and, as always, she would look down. After
  the movie was over I asked her if she had time to eat. She said yes. We went
  into the kitchen. She helped fix some pasta, occasionally brushing up against
  me. I didn't reciprocate and we sat down and ate. We talked some more. Me learning
  more about her than she did me. I knew by now that her mom worked second shift
  at the hospital and wouldn't be home until 1 AM. So I decided it was time for
  her to go. I offered her a ride home. On the way she asked for my number. I
  hesitantly gave it to her.

 I did allot of thinking that night and the two after that. She was cute,
  innocent and I thought, submissive. But she was 15. That was a huge hang up.
  I was debating on weather to pursue her or not. Eventually I decided to hold
  out as long as I could but I knew if she made the first move it would be all
  over.

 She called three days later from school and asked if she could come over.
  I told her she could if it was alright with her mom. She told me she had a
  talk with mom the day after our 'date' and would tell me about it. The school
  was only two blocks away so I didn't offer a ride.
 She was wearing cute little jeans shorts and a tight T shirt that again showed
  allot of midriff. I asked about the conversation with her mother and learned
  that she wanted me to come over for dinner tomorrow. I was apprehensive but
  agreed. This date was much like that last one. She flirted with me more openly,
  asking if she could go swimming in her underwear. I said no but I wanted to
  say yes.
 The next night I went over to her house and had a nice dinner. Her mom was
  very pretty too, but had a few extra pounds. I was wasn't interested in mother.
  We had a nice dinner and I got allot of questions thrown my way. I continued
  to duck the family and wealth question, although did admit to being wealthy.
  At the end of the evening her mother took me aside and asked what my intentions
  were. I told her my intentions were only friendly. Then I asked her what Sarah's
  intentions were. She told me Sarah had a crush on me. All she did was talk
  about me. I asked her &quot;If you know that then why allow her to come over
  to my house?&quot; Her answer was nothing short of stunning. &quot;I don't
  mind if you two get involved. Just don't break her heart.&quot;
 I went home, my mind racing at 100mph. WOW. I had consent from the parent.
  This was truly amazing. Should I pursue her? How can I be this Lucky? The most
  important question to ask though is; Will she like my bedtime pursuits?

 Sarah came over the next day and I played it cool, still trying to decide
  a few things. Nothing happened except her flirting became more aggressive.
  I had to give her a massage. Still, even though I was touching that Venus like
  body, I showed remarkable restraint and it never got out of hand. That night
  though, I decided I would take the chance. I had a plan. I would start out
  slow and introduce her way before we would ever fuck. That way if it turns
  out she doesn't like it, she wont be too attached. Good plan.
Chapter II

 The next day was Saturday. She called at 9 AM and woke me up. We talked on
  the phone for a while and then she asked if she could come over. I said yes
  and she informed me that she wanted to swim in my pool and to be ready. I was,
  I can assure you. I couldn't wait to see her in a bathing suit.
 She came over wearing red lycra shorts. You know, the ones they sell with
  the swimwear. Very short and very tight. I took her out to the pool and she
  took off those shorts and her trademark tight T shirt. The bikini was stunning.
  French cut red lycra bottoms and a red top that was maybe a little too small.
  It pushed her ample breasts up nicely. I took my shirt off and jumped in and
  she came in after me. We swam around a bit and then I started a splash fight.
  She giggled and splashed me back. Then I grabbed her by her tiny waist and
  dunked her. She came up for air giggling and swatted my chest. Her hand lingered
  there just a little too long. I picked her up in a fireman's carry and had
  her yelling. I dunked her again. this time she came up with her hand on my
  side. It stayed there. I took her hand in mine and led her to the hot tub.
  She was giggling and threatening to get me back. We got into the hot tub and
  I put my arm around that wonderful waist. She got very quiet and was deciding
  what to do with her hands as I pulled her down on top of my lap. We sat there
  not talking for a while. My hands were on her, feeling her body. Not too high
  or low though. Remember, I had a plan.
 She turned sideways, put her arm around my back and leaned her head on my
  shoulder. I got a hard on. She asked me if I liked her. &quot;Of course I like
  you.&quot;
 &quot;I mean more than a friend.&quot;
 &quot;Yes. I like you more than a friend.&quot;
 She then snuggled closer to me. Her hip touched my hard on and when it did
  she giggled. &quot;I can see that now.&quot; I then lifted her head up and
  gave her a passionate kiss. Something weird happened though. Something I hadn't
  experienced since I was in high school. She didn't know how to kiss. Well,
  at least I knew she was a virgin. We finally parted lips and she coyly smiled
  at me. She was embarrassed because she knew she didn't do it right. I looked
  at her and told her she had allot to learn. She snuggled up closer to me, really
  grinding into my cock and asked &quot;Will you teach me?&quot;
 I got very close to her ear and whispered &quot;It will be my pleasure.&quot; and
  then kissed and nibbled on it. I could tell she was definitely an ear girl.
  I then got us up and told her it was lunch time. She looked down at my wet
  swim trunks trying vainly to hold my erection in and almost couldn't take her
  eyes off it. I took her hand and we went in. As I was making us sandwiches
  she went to the bathroom. She came out wearing that T shirt but not the bikini
  top and no shorts, just the bikini bottoms. Hmmmmmm, nice.
 She wanted to watch another movie. So I let her pick one out. It was lovely
  watching her bend down in those bottoms. By now we were dry. I put my shirt
  back on as she carefully picked out a movie. I asked her if there was anything
  in particular she was looking for. &quot;Yes.&quot;
 &quot;Well maybe I can help? It is my collection after all.&quot;
 Very coyly she said &quot;Something like the first one.&quot;
 I got up and went over to her saying &quot;Your a very naughty girl.&quot; She
  turned around with a cute little smile on her face. &quot;Go sit down. I know
  what you want.&quot; I got out Wild Orchid II and started it. I started to
  sit down in my Lazy-Boy when she asked me to sit with her. &quot;No, you can
  sit with me. &quot;She got up and sat down in my lap and I put the footrest
  up. We were watching the movie, her hand on my thigh, her other hand being
  held by mine. My arm wrapped around her waist. Halfway in I stopped caressing
  her stomach and started on her breast, over the shirt. I could tell she really
  liked that. After about five minutes of that she tried to guide my hand up
  under her shirt. I stopped her and whispered &quot;You need to ask me nicely
  for that.&quot; She asked why and I kept my hand on her tight stomach and repeated
  my self a little louder. &quot; Ask nicely &quot; She said she didn't want
  to. I took my hand off her body and said &quot;Then I wont.&quot; We sat there
  for about two minutes before she said in an almost inaudible whisper.
 &quot;Will you please touch me under my shirt?&quot;
 I put my hand under her shirt just below her breast and asked &quot;You want
  me to caress your breasts under your shirt?&quot; Every time she breathed out
  I could feel the bottom of her tit.
 &quot;Oh god, yes.&quot; she whispered.
 &quot;Say please, naughty girl.&quot; and I kissed her ear lobe.
 &quot;Ohhhhh, please touch me.&quot; She was very horny. I began caressing
  her breasts and kissing her ear. Most of the caressing was spent on her nipples.
  And what nipples she had. They were quite large. Not the biggest, but very
  nice. She liked it allot. I got a little rough with them. Not exactly pinching
  them, but good pressure. She stiffened and quietly moaned every time I did
  that. That was a very good sign I thought. Of course my dick was hard and she
  was rubbing her ass against it. I asked her if anyone had ever touched her
  here before. She shyly said yes. I asked her how far they had gone. &quot;This
  is as far as anyone has gone.&quot; That was music to my ears. She had never
  been penetrated by even a finger. Unless it was her own, I smiled inwardly
  at the thought.
 I leaned the chair into its full recline position, grabbed her waist and
  turned her sideways. One hand went on that perfect ass and the other went under
  her shirt. She laid her head on my chest and her hand started to wander over
  to my cock. I grabbed her wrist and told her she needed to ask nicely.
 She whispered &quot;Can I touch you?&quot;
 &quot;Touch me where?&quot;
 &quot;Down there.&quot;
 &quot;Say: May I please touch your cock.&quot;
 She was quiet for about 15 seconds. I started to play with her ass. Such
  a firm ass. She had the best body of any girl I had ever been with. That's
  saying allot. Finally she asked me &quot;May I please touch your cock?&quot; That
  last word was a whisper. I could tell she felt uncomfortable using it. Oh well,
  she would have to get used to it sooner or later. &quot;Yes naughty girl.&quot; I
  let go of her hand and she brought it to my cock and just rested it there at
  first. I have a decent sized penis. It has average length, about 6&quot;. But
  the girth is larger than average. eventually she got bold and started to play
  with it. I had no intention of fucking her tonight and that was how it was
  going to be. But I did want to see if she asked for permission to go under
  my trunks. She wanted to, I could tell, but held back. We necked like that
  for awhile and then I started getting bolder with my ass hand. I pulled her
  bottoms into her crack and began rubbing my fingers up and down it. A couple
  of times I let my finger linger and caress her ass hole. She seemed to like
  that as well.
 Then I started to get really bold and played with her little rose bud exclusively
  and gave her nipples a few good pinches. Every time I did that she would breath
  in suddenly and then moan. I couldn't tell if she liked it or not but I suspected
  she did. When a girl doesn't like it they usually say ouch or something along
  those lines. One other thing. I could feel her bikini getting wet with pussy
  juice. After a few minutes of that I turned her over so she was facing me and
  put the recliner in the upright position. She was straddling my legs and we
  began kissing. I started rubbing her pussy over her bottoms. She was really
  wet. She began moving her hips trying to fuck my fingers. I grabbed the hair
  on the back of her head, pulled her head back and started kissing her neck.
  She was really liking this. I knew her orgasm wasn't far off. I brought her
  off a few seconds later, frigging her pussy over her bottoms and pulling her
  hair. It was very powerful and I knew it would leave an impression on her.
  As soon as she started cumming, while I was still manipulating her pussy, I
  placed my thumb on her ass hole and applied a little pressure. I think she
  had multiple orgasms.
 The movie had ended a long time ago and we just sat there holding each other.
  As I was holding her I told her &quot;Your a very naughty girl, aren't you?&quot;
 She replied immediately still breathing heavy &quot;I guess I am.&quot;
 &quot;Do you know what girls get when they've been naughty?&quot;
 &quot;No.&quot; She squeaked.
 &quot;Yes you do. Take a guess.&quot;
 A few moments went by before she asked in the most innocent voice &quot;A
  spanking?&quot;
 &quot;Naughty girls get punished. One type of punishment is a spanking. Were
  you naughty?&quot;
 &quot;Y-y-yes. I don't know.&quot;
 &quot;Yes you do. Were you naughty? Do you need to be punished?&quot;
 &quot;Yes.&quot; She whispered.
 I knew I had her. This was the girl of my dreams, if I play this right. &quot;Stand
  up, naughty girl.&quot;
 &quot;Will it hurt?&quot; she had a scared look on her face. It was priceless.
 &quot;It wouldn't be a punishment if it didn't. Now, turn around and put
  you hands on the arm of the couch.&quot; She moved very slowly over to the
  couch, occasionally glancing back at me. She bent over and put her hands on
  the arm. &quot;Spread your legs about a foot apart. You will receive five swats
  and I want you to count them out. I want you to ask nicely for your punishment.&quot;
 It took her a few moments to gather her courage. &quot;Will you please punish
  me.&quot;
 &quot;Why do you need to be punished?&quot;
 &quot;For being a naughty girl.&quot;
 &quot;Ok. Do not move your hands. Up on your tip toes.&quot; Then I placed
  my hand in the small of her back &quot;Arch your back. Remember to count them
  out.&quot; She was looking back at me and I saw a tear coming down her face.
  It almost broke my heart...almost. I brought the first one down about medium
  strength. She jumped but kept her hands in place. I did have to remind her
  to get back on tip toes. &quot;One&quot;. The next one was slightly harder. &quot;Two&quot; Another
  tear came down. The next was the same force. &quot;Three&quot; Number four
  was harder. And you could hear the pain in her voice. &quot;Ffffouuure&quot; And
  the last was harder still. She yelped out &quot;Five&quot; and immediately
  started to massage her ass.
 &quot;Back in position or you'll get five more.&quot; She got back into position
  on tip toes with that back arched. It was a great sight. &quot;Now thank me
  for taking the time to correct your behavior.&quot;
 She got control of herself &quot;Thank you for spanking me, Sir&quot; This
  was going better than I had imagined. The use of the word Sir was an excellent
  sign. She would do fine. I started massaging her ass. And started to explain
  some things to her.
 &quot;Your welcome.&quot; I continued to massage her ass. It was a little
  red and I knew it hurt. &quot;From now on you will ask for permission to cum.
  If I don't give permission then you are not to cum. If I do give you permission
  then you won't be punished. Understand?.&quot;
 &quot;Yes.&quot;
 &quot;Good. One other thing. Anytime you want to stop what we are doing,
  you may. All you have to do is ask to leave. I'll stop whatever is going on
  and you may leave. No questions asked. However, if and when you decide to come
  back we start where we left off. Understand?&quot; I was now running my fingers
  up and down the crack of her ass. She was very wet. And very horny. She started
  rubbing her ass in rhythm against my hand.
 She whispered &quot;I don't want to leave.&quot;
 &quot;I know. But the option is always there. Back up on tip toes.&quot; I
  started to rub her pussy over her wet bikini. She was going to cum soon. I
  wanted to see her ask for permission. It would be such a lovely thing. And
  of course I would give it to her. I also wanted to watch her cum again.
 After a few moments and in between her heavy breathing she finally asked. &quot;Ppplease&quot; she
  moaned. &quot;Please may I have an orgasm.&quot;
 I kept rubbing her clit. &quot;Naughty girls don't say orgasm. They say cum.&quot;
 &quot;Please, let me cum.&quot; she was frantic now and almost came before
  I gave her permission.
 &quot;Yes naughty girl. You may cum.&quot; As soon as I said that she exploded.
  She doubled over the arm of the couch and started to twitch and moan. This
  was an even more explosive orgasm than the one a few minutes ago. She came
  for a long time and it was a beautiful sight. I kept playing with her wet cunt
  the whole time. Finally it was over. I sat down on the couch and held her for
  a long time. Both of us in silence. She was an amazing girl. I finally spoke. &quot;Did
  you like that Sarah?&quot;
 &quot;Yes. Very much.&quot;
 &quot;Did you like all of it?&quot;
 &quot;Yes.&quot; She whispered.
 &quot;I'm going to take you home now and you are not invited over here tomorrow.
  I want you to think about what we did today. If you want, you may come over
  Monday.&quot;
 &quot;I really want to come over tomorrow.&quot;
 &quot;I said no and that's the end of it.&quot;
 &quot;I'm sorry. Monday is a teacher work day. What time can I come over?&quot;
 Hmmm. I was glad she had Monday off. I didn't think I could hold out 48 hours. &quot;You
  have to call and ask before you come over. Don't call earlier than 9 AM. I
  want you to give today's activities some serious thought. Ok?&quot;
 &quot;Yes sir.&quot; Lovely. It was all I could do not to rip her clothes
  off right there and fuck the shit out of her. When she calls me sir it gets
  me so hot.
 &quot;Go get dressed. It's time to go home.&quot; I couldn't have her in
  this house much longer or my carefully laid plans would go right down the drain.

 Monday we talked about Saturday's activities. She liked what we did, all
  of it. The next three days were much the same. I never came but gave her half
  a dozen orgasms. I had to punish her twice for cumming before I gave permission
  though. She always took it without protest. She knew the rules, and seemed
  to like them. When she was bad she would call me Sir. I liked it very much
  and thought about making her call me Sir all the time. I also started giving
  her money. I wanted her to be happy. I never touched her bare pussy, although
  she did ask me to a couple of times. It was great and I knew that phase two
  would be much better. Thinking about what was going to happen kept me under
  control. I didn't want my plans to fall apart, so I kept it cool. On Thursday
  we had an appointment to see my tailor. I had a few outfits I wanted to get
  her. She didn't know it though.
 Phase two was about to begin.
Chapter III

 She called me at school and came over still carrying her book bag. We listened
  to some music and played around a little. She liked touching my body and I
  liked it when she did. Our make out sessions always started the same. She would
  touch my stomach and look up at me and I would kiss her. She was a much better
  kisser now. Today she was wearing a knee length sundress. It looked good on
  her. We necked standing up for a while. Then I took her over to the couch.
  I sat down and had her straddle me. I lifted the back of her dress and started
  to play with her ass. Always over the panties. She never wore thongs, but always
  had nice silk panties on for me. She gets wet quickly and was very wet by the
  time I started playing with that lovely pussy. She always came quickly and
  this was no exception. I playing with her for a couple of minutes when she
  finally asked me in that breathless whisper I find so attractive. &quot;Please
  Sir. May I cum.&quot; She was grinding her pussy into my hand. I let her do
  that for a little while longer. She asked me more urgently. &quot;Oh god. Please
  Sir. Please, let me cum.&quot; I rubbed her clit a couple more times and then
  stopped and said no.
 This was the first time I said no and she was shocked. She looked up at me
  with a look of astonishment and lust on her face and started really begging
  me. &quot;Ohhhhh, don't stop. I need to cum so bad. Please may I cum. Please
  make me cum.&quot; I said no again and she started humping my hard cock. I
  immediately stood her up.
 With a very stern look on my face I said &quot;I did not give you permission
  to cum. Do not defy me or your punishment will be more severe.&quot; I knew
  how bad she wanted to cum. It was in her eyes. I thought she just might start
  fingering herself but she obeyed. &quot;I'm a little disappointed in you. You
  will have to be punished for disobeying me.&quot;
 She had a very sad look on her face. She didn't quite understand why I wasn't
  letting her cum. Right there I knew what her punishment would be. I won't let
  her cum for a couple of days. &quot;Pull you dress down slutty girl.&quot; This
  was the first time I used that word. She looked hurt. I think I made my point.
 She then said &quot; Please. I've been a bad girl and need to be punished.
  Will you please punish me Sir?&quot; This was the first time she asked without
  me telling her to. A major breakthrough. She wasn't going to like the punishment
  though.
 &quot;Yes. This is going to hurt me as much as it will you.&quot; She put
  her hands behind her back and her eyes were tearing up. She looked down at
  the floor. &quot;Your punishment will be: No orgasms until Sunday. That means,
  you do not finger your cunt while at home. You do not ask to cum while your
  here. I'll know if you've fucked yourself while not in my presence. I'll ask
  you to see if you tell me the truth.&quot; This was much harsher language than
  I had ever used with her before. But I wanted to make my point. I could tell
  I had after I saw the first tear fall off her angelic face. &quot;Do you understand
  my slutty little girl.&quot; I may have pushed it a little to far with that
  last one and I got butterflies in my stomach waiting for her answer.
 She looked up at me and was really crying now. But she answered in between
  sniffles. &quot;Yes Sir.&quot;
 I lifted her dress back up and touched her pussy and played with it for a
  couple of seconds. She was still on the verge of cumming and her panties were
  soaked. She never took her hands from behind her back. Another good sign. When
  she started to fight the orgasm I stopped, stood up and held her for a long
  time. &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; she whispered. She knew at that moment what was
  expected of her. I knew she was the one.

 We drove out to my tailor's shop and I explained to her what was going to
  happen. She seemed excited about the prospect of new clothes. I explained that
  most of these clothes would be very sexy. Most of them she couldn't wear outside
  of the house. All of them would stay at my house. Before we went in I reached
  over pulled her dress up and played with her pussy. Her panties were still
  soaked. I got them a little wetter. She was very hot when I got through with
  her. Also a little embarrassed to be doing this on a public street.
 My tailor is well known through-out the state, and I'm one of his best customers.
  We arrived at the shop just as he was locking up. I had arrange this. I wanted
  to be the only customer in the shop. Just me him and her. I had already discussed
  what I wanted from him and that I needed the first outfit by tomorrow. As I
  introduced Sarah, he gave her body an appraising look, then, told her to take
  off her dress. I knew this was coming because he needed precise measurements.
  She was mortified when he asked her and looked at me with pleading eyes. I
  nodded to her and told her to &quot;Do as he says.&quot; She whispered in my
  ear pleading not to strip in front of this strange man. Also reminding me of
  her state of arousal in the most discreet terms. It was lovely. So innocent.
  She was adorable. I asked her if she wanted to go home and reminded her that
  the next time she came over we would have to come back here. She reluctantly
  started to take her dress off. Mr. Epstien watched her intently. I could tell
  he was infatuated. She finally got the dress off and he instructed her to stand
  on the fitting box. Her wet panties were almost at eye level with him. She
  kept one hand covering her soaking pussy and the other covering her erect nipples.
  I had a hard on. This was the last test. If she endured this then I knew there
  were no limits to the depravity I could get away with. He proceeded to take
  careful measurements. He gave her a very stern look when he noticed her sopping
  wet panties. Her face flushed red with embarrassment and she tried to cover
  her self. He promptly told her to move her hand and took very careful measurements
  of her waist and soaked crotch. When he finished she started to put her dress
  back on. I stopped her though, and told her to ask Mr. Epstien for permission.
  She weekly asked him and he said yes. She quickly put the dress on. I told
  her to wait in the car. After she left I asked him when the first item would
  be ready. He informed me that I could pick it up tomorrow morning. I paid him
  twice what he had quoted me and he never batted an eye. Mr. Epstien is very
  professional. He also knows which side his bread is buttered. He would be discreet,
  I was sure.
 I took her out to a nice restaurant. We ate and talked. Then I drove her
  home. When we pulled into the driveway I reached under her dress and began
  playing with her pussy. Her panties had dried out but she was still very hot
  down there. As I was stroking her I reminded her of her punishment. She hadn't
  forgot she informed me. She went inside and I went home thinking about her
  the rest of the night. Today had been a turning point in our relationship.
  From here on out I would exert ever increasing control on her life. I knew
  she would like it.

 Friday morning arrived and I picked up the outfit. Mr. Epstien was working
  on the other ones. I couldn't wait to see her in them. I informed him I would
  need another one tomorrow. He said he would have two or three finished by tomorrow.
  Right now I was his only customer. I figured he put the rest of his work on
  hold.
 I got a very disappointing call from Sarah at lunch time. She informed me
  that she would have to travel to an away game tonight because one of the other
  cheerleaders got sick. You see, because she's only a sophomore she doesn't
  cheer at away games. But tonight she would have to. I was very disappointed
  and she was too. Oh well, there's always tomorrow.

 Saturday arrived and she called at 9:30 in the morning. Again, waking me
  up. I told her I would pick her up around noon and told her to ask her mom
  if she could spend the night. There was excitement in her voice when she said
  Ok. I went to the tailors and picked up two more outfits and tipped Mr. Epstien
  another $100 for being so fast. He assured me the rest would be done by Wednesday.
  I then picked up a cell phone for Sarah.
 When I knocked on Sarah's door her mother answered. Good. I wanted to gauge
  her response to Sarah's request to spend the night. She seemed a little apprehensive
  at first when I asked her about it. Then asked me some tough questions. &quot;Have
  you two had sex yet?&quot;
 &quot;No.&quot;
 &quot;You are getting physical though.&quot;
 &quot;Yes we have been.&quot;
 &quot;Is tonight the night?&quot;
 &quot;No. I wont make love to her tonight.&quot;
 &quot;She's infatuated with you, you know.&quot; I nodded my head &quot;All
  she does around here is talk about how wonderful you are. How do you feel about
  her?&quot;
 &quot;I feel the same way. All I think about anymore is her.&quot; I guess
  I passed the test because she called Sarah out of her room and informed her
  that she could stay overnight. Sarah was ecstatic. She thanked her mother profusely
  and kissed her goodbye as we left. On the way over to my place I informed her
  that there would be some new rules and to remember if she didn't like them
  she could leave at any time. She said she wouldn't leave for any reason and
  I believed her. I hadn't asked her about her punishment yet and wasn't going
  to until I established the rules.
 I sat her down and started to explain them to her. &quot;From now on you
  will always call me Sir except when we are at your mothers house.&quot; A quick
  nod form her. &quot;You will always were an outfit of my choosing while you
  are here.&quot;
 &quot;The ones Mr. Epstien is making for you?&quot;
 &quot;Yes. Also, You will never lie to me. You need to know the last rule
  is very important, so listen closely. I have bought you a depilatory. Do you
  know what that is?&quot;
 &quot;Ummm, I think so. Is that like a hair remover for my legs?&quot;
 &quot;Yes. You will always have you legs underarms and&quot; I paused here
  and gave her my sternest look &quot;pussy devoid of hair. No hair what-so-ever
  on your body except your head hair and eyebrows.&quot; I watch her closely
  to gauge her reaction. She was definitely uncomfortable. Finally she spoke.
 &quot;You...you want my pussy shaved?&quot;
 &quot;That's right. No hair on your pussy as long as we are together. Unless
  I say otherwise. How does that make you feel?&quot;
 &quot;I..I don't know. Why do you want me like that?&quot;
 &quot;Don't question my directions. If you don't like them you know you may
  leave at any time.&quot; She wasn't going to be leaving.
 &quot;I'm sorry sir. It's just that...that...it's kind of strange.&quot;
 &quot;At first it will be strange. But you'll get used to it.&quot; I let
  that linger there for a little while and then asked her the question. &quot;Have
  you been masturbating?&quot; She looked up at me with the most guilty face. &quot;And
  don't lie. I know you well enough to tell when your lying.&quot;
 She looked down and started to quietly sob. She muttered a &quot;Yes sir.&quot; And
  then a quick &quot;I'm so sorry. I couldn't help it. I was so horny after that
  night I couldn't keep my hands away.&quot;
 &quot;What does that make you?&quot; I wanted her to say it. Just one more
  brick out of the wall.
 She stood there for a long time sobbing. Finally she said it. &quot;It makes
  me a naughty sssslut.&quot;
 &quot;What do naughty sluts get?&quot; This was great. I had her broke. She
  would do anything to please me.
 &quot;They get punished.&quot; After a few seconds she asked &quot;Will you
  please punish me, Sir?&quot; she sobbed again.
 &quot;Yes you will have to be punished but not right now. First you have
  to get yourself ready. I have an outfit laying upstairs on the bed in your
  room.&quot; When she heard me say HER room she almost immediately stopped crying
  and looked at me with joy in her eyes. &quot;First you need to use the depilatory
  and get rid of the hair on your body. After that you need to take a shower
  and put the outfit on. Then I want you to put some makeup on. I have the makeup
  I want you to wear laid out in your bathroom.&quot; I took her hand and led
  her upstairs to her room. I had it furnished shortly after we started to hang
  out. She had never been upstairs though and so didn't know it was there. It
  was very feminine, with lacy curtains and a queen size four poster bed. I knew
  right off that she liked it very much. Her bathroom was off to the side of
  the locked walk in closet. I would be filling this closet up with many clothes.
  Mr. Epstien was going to make allot of money off me. She looked at the outfit
  I had laid out with some curiosity. It was black shiny PVC. Very erotic. I
  couldn't wait to see her in it.
 I gave her a peck on the cheek, left her in her room and told her I didn't
  want to see her until she was ready. I moped around downstairs for the hour
  and a half it took her to get ready. Finally at about 2 PM I saw my angle in
  black. I almost came right there.
 The outfit I had her in was a two piece hot pants and bustier. Extremely
  tight. The hot pants were very short showing allot of her ass and a clear outline
  of her pussy. They even had a little camel toe in them where the seam ran up
  into her pussy. Stunning. They came up over her hip bone on the sides and back
  but dipped down in the front to a couple of inches below her belly button.
  There was a two inch zipper in the front to facilitate getting them on. The
  bustier was just as spectacular. Starting at her bottom set of ribs it came
  to a plunging bust line squeezing her ample breasts together and up. It was
  very tight on her tits and I knew in a few hours they would become uncomfortable.
  It didn't have any shoulder straps. But did have a zipper in front that zipped
  up in between her breasts. The shoes were great as well. Five inch black pumps
  with a strap that buckled around her ankle. She did very well with the makeup.
  Red lipstick applied just right, eye liner that really made her long eyelashes
  stand out and a nice pink blush. Her hair was done in a ponytail held by a
  black lace clip on bow. She didn't walk very well in the heels and was holding
  on to the stair rail to steady herself. She had a little smile on her face
  when she saw my expression. The outfit screamed fuck me. But I wasn't going
  to. Not today. I had a plan and was going to stick with it.
 I asked her how she felt. She blushed and said &quot;sexy&quot;. I agreed
  with her and asked her what it was like to have a bare pussy. This surprised
  her. She blushed and said &quot;I don't know. Kinda naughty I guess.&quot; She
  smiled again. I asked her if she fingered herself while doing it. That wiped
  the smile off her face and she desperately replied &quot;But I didn't cum.
  Honest. I really didn't.&quot; I smiled at her and told her I believed her. &quot;Are
  you going to punish me now?&quot;
 &quot;Yes. but first I have some accessories for your outfit. Come over here,
  my pet.&quot; I sat down in my recliner and watched her awkwardly walk over.
  I got out her collar and told her to kneel at my feet. Her nipples were getting
  hard. I could see them even through the PVC. The collar was a two inch high
  black PVC choker with one D ring in the front and a lockable buckle in the
  back. I placed the collar on, buckled it and locked it with a small gold master
  lock. After it was on she felt it with her hands. &quot;Do you like it?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; after a moment she asked &quot;Does this make me yours?&quot;
 &quot;Yes pet. You are mine.&quot; I was in heaven.
 Next I put a gold master lock on the zipper to her bustier and shorts. Now
  she couldn't get them off unless she cut them off. She started to breath heavy. &quot;Is
  this making you horny?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir. Very.&quot; Excellent! My plan is working.
 Then I locked her shoes on. She tried to protest that the shoes were already
  feeling uncomfortable. I asked her if she wanted to leave. Of course, she said
  no. Then I got out two PVC wrist binders. They were made just for her and they
  fit perfectly. I locked them into place. She examined them closely and I asked
  her. &quot;Do you want me to bind your wrists together?&quot;
 She looked up at me with a wanton expression she whispered. &quot;Yes.&quot;
 &quot;Beg me for it then.&quot;
 Hesitantly she started to beg. &quot;Please sir. Will you tie my wrists.&quot; I
  told her to &quot;stand up, turn around and place her hands behind her back.&quot; Then
  I locked her wrists together with a final click of the lock. I noticed at that
  point a single glistening tear of pussy juice make it out from behind her shorts
  and run down her thigh a few inches. I don't believe I have ever seen anything
  more beautiful in my life. Then I grabbed the D ring in her collar and pulled
  her down to a kneeling position at my feet. I took hold of her chin and looked
  in her eyes.
 &quot;Are you mine?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir. I will always be yours.&quot;
 I was in pure heaven. I had never found someone to explore these passions
  with me unless I paid for it. Now, here was a 15 year old angle willing to
  be my sexual slave. A toy for me. My very own sex toy. I could have died right
  there and would not have cared. I think I was falling in love with her.
 I shook myself out of my revelry and got back to the task at hand. I straightened
  my right leg out and with compassion in my voice said &quot;I want you to hump
  my leg. Don't stop until I say so.&quot; She looked at me with lust and said &quot;yes,
  Sir&quot;.
 She positioned herself on my leg and began a slow sensual movement of her
  hips, grinding her pussy into my leg. She looked up at my smiling face, closed
  her eyes and gave a quiet moan. After a couple of minutes of this she started
  really humping me. She changed position a little to give her clit more stimulation.
  I wasn't sure if she would be able to cum from this. I hoped she couldn't.
  Her moaning got a little louder and her breathing became labored. I could feel
  the heat and dampness of her pussy on my bare leg. A few minutes later she
  asked through lapboard breath &quot;Please sir. Let me cum. I need to cum so
  bad.&quot;
 Hmmm. That answered my question. She was a sex kitten. &quot;No slut. You
  are being punished.&quot; That almost got her off. She stopped for a few moments
  and I had to remind her I didn't give her permission to stop. She was visibly
  disappointed but went back to work. Not as fiercely as before. Just that slow
  gyration of her hips. I made her do this for another minute or two and then
  told her to stop. She collapsed on my leg breathing and moaning. I told her
  to kneel in between my legs. She gathered herself and dismounted, kneeling
  like a hurt puppy in between my legs. I could see her pussy juice all over
  my shin where she had been humping me. This gave me an idea. I wanted to see
  just how much she would take. &quot;Do you see the mess you left on my leg?&quot; She
  looked down at it and flushed when she saw what she had done.
 &quot;Yes.&quot;
 &quot;I want you to clean it off with you tongue.&quot; This was the moment
  of truth. I might have to persuade her a little to do it. Her head snapped
  around, eyes big as saucers.
 &quot;No please don't make me do that. Please, anything else. Please sir.&quot;
 I put my finger on her mouth to quiet her and informed her that I wasn't
  making her do anything. &quot;You can always ask to leave.&quot; I reminded
  her.
 With resignation in her voice, she said &quot;No, I don't want to leave.&quot;
 &quot;Then complete your task.&quot; She reluctantly bent down with hands
  bound at the wrists and gave my shin a testing lick. She looked up at me in
  that bent over position with pleading eyes. &quot;Do as your told.&quot; She
  began licking and sucking my leg in a lacsidasical manner. I let her do it
  until I felt she had had enough. &quot;Very good pet.&quot; I said in a soothing
  voice. &quot;You are done now.&quot; She immediately straightened up and started
  licking her red lips. I was glad I had gotten the waterproof makeup. &quot;It's
  time for your spanking.&quot; I clipped a leather leash to her collar and helped
  her up.
 She had a bewildered look on her face and asked me &quot;I thought that was
  my punishment.&quot;
 I chuckled and started leading her down the hall. &quot;No pet. That was
  for my amusement.&quot; She followed me, shakily walking on the 5 inch heels.
  I was leading her to another room she hadn't seen. This room was always locked.
  It was my play room.
 As I unlocked the door I could sense her apprehension. When the door was
  opened I turned around and looked eye to teary eye with her. &quot;I need you
  to understand something. I will never leave a permanent mark on your body with
  out your permission. It is very important that you understand and trust me
  on that. Do you?&quot; She nodded her head as a single tear rolled down her
  cheek. I led her into the room.
 This room isn't decorated like one expects a dungeon to be. The walls were
  red and the carpet was red with oriental designs. It was well lit but I could
  dim the lights if required. All of the restraining devices were covered except
  the one I would be using tonight. It was a waist stock. Made of stained and
  polished oak with the best craftsmanship money could bye. I liked this device
  more than most and had gotten a lot of use out of it in my prior exploits.
  Set close to the floor a woman would have to kneel and bend over to fit in
  it. There were several places to restrain the legs and arms, although the arms
  really didn't need to be restrained because she could never reach around the
  stock. The hole in the stock was just big enough for a small waisted woman
  to fit in it. I didn't have a requirement for anything larger. It was not anchored
  to the floor at the moment. Off to the side was a small wooden coffee table
  with four items on it. A crop, a one foot long leather strap with a wooden
  handle, an oversized ping pong paddle with holes drilled in it, and a large
  ball gag with locking chin and head straps.
 She was overwhelmed by it all and started to panic. I held her close and
  soothed her by telling her I would never leave any permanent marks. Besides
  she could stop this at anytime by asking to leave. Eventually she calmed down
  enough and I was able to assert my control again. I grabbed her collar by the
  D ring and pointed out the table. &quot;On that table are four devices. Three
  of which are spanking implements the fourth is a gag. Do you know which one
  is the gag?&quot;
 &quot;The one with the ball?&quot; She asked, still staring at the table.
 &quot;Yes my pet. The number is ten.&quot; I let that sink in. &quot;You
  have to chose the implement you want to be punished with. I will give you two
  minutes to go over there, look, chose and bring to me, using you mouth, that
  implement. If you don't chose within the two minutes then you will receive
  five swats with each. Do you understand?&quot; She nodded her head, eyes still
  transfixed on the table. &quot; Then your time starts now.&quot; I glanced
  at my watch hoping she wouldn't be able to choose.
 When she got there she looked back at me and asked, &quot;I will receive
  ten swats with one of these?&quot; I gave her a solemn nod of the head. She
  didn't spend as long as I thought she would. After about 30 seconds she knelt
  down and picked up the riding crop with her teeth. She stood back up and started
  to walk towards me. I held out my hand as she placed the crop, with a surprising
  amount of care, in it. She stood back up and I caressed her face with the business
  end of the crop. She closed her eyes looking very scared. I opened the waist
  stock, knelt her down and placed her in it. Locking the stock shut I then proceeded
  to bind her knees far apart as well as her ankles. I was debating on weather
  to leave her hands bound and finally came to the conclusion that they would
  stay bound. I adjusted the waist opening with some thumb screws until I felt
  she was secure enough. Then I went over to the table and grabbed the ball gag.
  This was a rather large ball gag and I was a little concerned it wouldn't fit.
  We would see.
 Tears were streaming down her face now and I knew she was very scared. I
  felt for her, but this needed to happen and I would see that it did. &quot;Lovely
  lady. Are you scared?&quot;
 &quot;Yes.&quot; she sniffled
 &quot;Now is your last chance to stop it. After this gag goes in you won't
  be able to talk.&quot;
 She said the sweetest thing I ever heard her say. &quot;I don't want to stop
  it. I deserver to be punished for disobeying you and being such a s-slut.&quot; I
  wiped away her tears and smiled at her. Then I placed the ball on her lips.
  She opened her mouth to except the gag. I had to push and squeeze the ball
  but it did pop in. I buckled the straps behind and on top of her head making
  sure it wasn't going to come out. Her eyes were wide with fear now. She tested
  her bonds and found no way out. She realized her fate was sealed. I stood up
  to admire her. What a beautiful sight. My little 15 year old angle in that
  fuck me outfit kneeling doggie style with her legs spread out waiting patiently
  for her punishment. I wanted to fuck her but knew I couldn't.
 Then I walked behind her so she couldn't see me and lightly touched her ass
  with the crop. She jumped when it touched her. Fortunately in this position
  those shorts ran up her ass and gave me plenty to work with. And the view from
  back here was very nice. Her thighs were glistening from her previous workout.
  I brought the neck of the crop in contact with her pussy and started rubbing
  it very hard there. I knelt down beside her and placed my hand on her inner
  thigh and brought it slowly up in contact with her cunt. She was gyrating her
  hips as much as she could. I then placed my thumb in contact with her ass hole
  and moved it around. I wanted that ass and decided that I would need to train
  her soon to take my girth. She let a small moan out from behind her gag and
  tried to hump against my hand. I had to stop or this would get out of control.
  I abruptly removed my hand saying &quot;You are a naughty, naughty little slut.&quot; Then
  I placed the crop on her left cheek. pulled back and let fly.
 It hit with a smack and I knew that one hurt her. She let out a tiny scream
  and jumped. I caressed the spot where I hit her and counted &quot;One.&quot; The
  next one was on the right cheek. She moaned. &quot;Two.&quot; &quot;Three.&quot; &quot;Four.&quot; By
  the seventh she was truly crying and desperately fighting her bonds. The last
  three were just as hard as the previous seven. I didn't give her any quarter.
  After the tenth she just laid in her bondage crying profusely. I spoke. &quot;I'm
  going to leave you here for an hour to calm down and think.&quot; I put the
  crop back on the table and left the room, locking it as I listened to her sweet
  sobs.
 One cool thing about this house is that it's wired for CCTV. This room has
  six cameras. I can see everything that happens in there. I ran up to my room
  and turned on the system and watched her. She cried for several minutes. After
  that I started to notice motion. I switched to a different camera and saw her
  hips gyrating as much as possible. WOW! I hadn't expected this. She was a horny
  little sex kitten. I sure hoped she didn't make herself cum. I was pretty sure
  she wouldn't be able to though. I watched her for the next hour and she would
  occasionally gyrate her hips and struggle in her bonds. So beautiful. When
  the hour was up, I jerked off in preparation for the up coming event. Then,
  went back down stairs in eager anticipation. She would taste my cum.
 I opened the door and approached her, and started to take the gag off. There
  was drool all over the stock. When the gag came out she immediately said. &quot;I'm
  so sorry.&quot;
 &quot;For what?&quot;
 &quot;For disappointing you. I don't want to disappoint you.&quot;
 I gave her a warm smile and stroked her face &quot;You didn't disappoint
  me, lovely. I knew you wouldn't obey and was counting on it.&quot; I started
  undoing the straps that held her legs.
 &quot;You were.&quot;
 &quot;Yes. I needed to show you I meant business. Besides I like punishing
  you.&quot; Then as an after thought I asked her &quot;Do you like getting punished?&quot;
 &quot;It hurts.&quot;
 &quot;I didn't ask you weather it hurt or not. I asked you if you like it
  when I punish you.&quot; I opened the stock and pulled her up.
 &quot;I don't know. It hurt so bad, but.... I don't know.&quot;
 I pulled her close to me and said &quot;You have allot to learn.&quot;
 &quot;I know. Will you teach me?&quot;
 I stroked her hair and said yes. We stayed like that for a long time. Finally
  I stood up, grabbed her leash and helped her up. I led her back out to the
  living room where I sat in my chair and had her kneel at my feet. &quot;Do
  you want to please me?&quot;
 &quot;Yes. Very much.&quot;
 &quot;I need physical pleasure. I have given you many orgasms. Now you need
  to return the favor.&quot;
 &quot;May I please make love to you, Sir?&quot;
 &quot;No. I don't want to fuck you because you'll have an orgasm and then
  I'll have to punish you again. How else can you please me.&quot;
 &quot;Wellll, if you untie my hands I can figure out a way.&quot; She smiled
  at me.
 &quot;I don't want to untie your hands. I like them like that. Don't you?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir, I do.&quot; I waited and watched her for a few minutes. She
  knew what I wanted but was trying to figure a way out of it.
 &quot;You know what I want. Would you rather leave?&quot;
 She looked down &quot;No sir. I will never want to leave. M-may I.....&quot;
 &quot;May you what?&quot; She didn't want to do it. But she would have to
  get used to it if she wanted to be with me.
 She looked back up at me a with a very innocent look on her face &quot;May
  I give you a BJ?&quot;
 &quot;You have to ask better than that. You know what I want to hear.&quot;
 &quot;May I please s-s-suck your dick?&quot;
 &quot;You want to suck my cock?&quot;
 &quot;Yes please.&quot; She didn't really. But she really didn't have a choice.
 &quot;Ok. That's a great idea. Have you ever sucked cock before.&quot;
 &quot;No sir.&quot;
 I started to unzip my shorts as I explained. &quot;Do not use your teeth.
  That's the first and most important thing. Teeth are not to touch the cock.
  You may kiss it, lick it and suck it. I will cum in your mouth. It's up to
  you weather you want to spit it out or swallow. But don't get any on my carpet.
  Understand?&quot; I now presented my cock.
 &quot;Yes sir.&quot; She looked at it intently. Her lips parted slightly
  as she leaned forward and gave the head a hesitant kiss. I gave her some more
  encouragement.
 &quot;Go ahead and taste it.&quot; She gave it a little lick, then wrapped
  her lips around it and ran her tongue over the head. &quot;That's great. I
  can't wait to cum in your mouth. Can you?&quot; She nodded her head no. I grabbed
  the back of her hair and started moving her head back and forth, fucking her
  mouth. It was such a great sight. She started sucking in earnest. Not too bad
  for an amateur, but she would have to do better than that if she wanted to
  finish anytime soon. I told her to use her tongue more. She looked up at me
  intently while her mouth was wrapped around my cock. Ten minutes later with
  her mouth almost certainly getting sore, I finally came..and came and came.
  She closed her eyes while I filled her mouth up with cum. She also swallowed
  it. I was definitely in love. She didn't take her lips off my cock until it
  was almost all the way flaccid. Adorable. &quot;Did you like sucking my cock.&quot;
 &quot;Yes sir.&quot; No she didn't and I could tell. Oh well she would have
  to learn.
 &quot;Good. Your gonna get lots of practice.&quot; She looked down and blushed. &quot;You
  will learn to like the taste of cum. I like having naughty girls suck my cock.
  You are the naughtiest of them all.&quot; She was still looking at the floor
  I tilted her head back and looked into her eyes. &quot;What do you say after
  I let you suck my cock.&quot;
 A look of confusion swept over her face. &quot;I'm sorry Sir. I-I Don't understand.&quot;
 &quot;You begged me to let you suck my cock. Now that you got what you wanted,
  what do you say?&quot;
 Now she knew. &quot;Thank you for letting me suck your c-c-cock.&quot;
 &quot;Your welcome.&quot; I stood her up, and undid her wrist bindings. I
  could see her pussy dripping . Wonderful. Even though she didn't like sucking
  my cock it still got her wet. &quot;Its time for lunch. I would like you to
  make us some sandwiches. Ok?&quot; She nodded her head and went quietly into
  the kitchen. I followed. &quot;How do you feel?&quot;
 She paused and then answered very shyly &quot;Horny.&quot; She giggled. It
  was so cute. I stroked her hair as she made the sandwiches.
 &quot;I have a few more activities planned for today are you ready for them?&quot;
 &quot;I love you.&quot; It came out of no where. She just up and said it
  without any warning. I was stunned. Perhaps I had gone to fast. Perhaps this
  was a good thing. I definitely had emotions for her. How should I play this?
  She never stopped making the sandwiches.
 I turned her around and gave her the deepest most meaningful kiss I had ever
  given a girl. Then I said &quot;I know. That's what makes you so special to
  me. You love me even though you know what I'm all about. Perhaps you love me
  because you do know what I'm about. The sex games I mean.&quot;
 &quot;Yes I like the games....allot. I like it when you make me do things
  I don't want to do. I like pleasing you. I love you.&quot;
 &quot;Your my greatest treasure. I hope you never leave me.&quot;
 &quot;I wont. I promise.&quot;
 I held her for a few minutes and then reminded her that I was hungry. She
  finished the sandwiches and we ate them in the living room. Me in my chair
  and her kneeling by my feet. I felt so alive at that point. My life was blessed.
 After we ate she asked me if I would bind her wrists up again. &quot;You
  like that huh?&quot; &quot;Yes. I like it when your in control.&quot;
 &quot;I like it too.&quot; Right then I decided to fast forward my plans
  a bit. This next activity wasn't supposed to happen for a couple of days but
  I need to know how she would react, right now. I stood her up and told her
  to stay there. I went into my playroom and grabbed a singe glove arm binder,
  a one foot long hobble chain the ball gag I had used before and the piece de
  resistance. A vibrating egg complete with battery pack and remote control.
  I couldn't wait to see her expression when I told her where it was going.
 I came back into the living room and took her wrist binders off. She wanted
  to ask some questions but for some reason held back. I started to put the single
  glove on. The bustier had a small D ring in the back so I could tie the end
  of the glove to it. Once I got it on I took a step back and admired the view.
  The glove made her back arch more than normal. Which made her thrust her breasts
  out more. She was in a little discomfort but hadn't protested yet. &quot;I'm
  going to teach you how to walk in those heels, but I'm going to make it a little
  more tricky than I had planned.&quot; I held up the little black egg. Two inches
  long by one inch wide it had a set of black wires leading out from one end
  to the remote receiver/battery box. &quot;Do you know what this is?&quot;
 She looked at it very quizzically. &quot;No Sir.&quot; I turned it on to
  it's lowest setting and touched her lips with it. She still had a somewhat
  bewildered face, so I placed it right on her pussy. Her eyes got wide and she
  said. &quot;Oh god. Are you going to stick that in me?&quot;
 &quot;Yes, but it's not going here.&quot; I reached around and placed it
  against her ass hole and smile at her. &quot;It's going in here.&quot;
 Her eyes got really big and she pleaded &quot;Oh please no. Don't put it
  in there.&quot; I quieted her begging with a finger over her mouth.
 &quot;You may leave.&quot; She looked down and I knew she was resigned to
  her fate. I put the egg down on the glass table still buzzing. She watched
  it as I readied the gag. &quot;Last chance to leave.&quot;
 &quot;I don't want to leave.&quot;
 &quot;Open your mouth my pet.&quot; She opened it as wide as she could and
  I forced the ball into her mouth and strapped it on. Then I unlocked the lock
  on her shorts and pulled them down to her knees. They were glistening. Her
  bare pussy was red and engorged with blood. It was so beautiful. I knew she
  wanted desperately to cum but I wouldn't let her. I blew on it a little to
  tease her. She moaned and bent her knees slightly to open her legs wider. I
  took the egg off the table and turned it off. Then I wiped it on her pussy
  trying to get it lubed up. She really liked that. &quot;Behave slut.&quot; When
  the egg was sufficiently juiced up I placed it against her ass hole. &quot;This
  should be very entertaining.&quot; I pressed it firmly. At first it didn't
  want to go in so I held her and pressed harder. It went in and she gave out
  a long moan. Her ass hole was very tight and I figured that might have hurt
  her a little. Oh well, such is life. I pulled her shorts back up, zipped and
  locked them making sure the cord went up her pussy crack. Then clipped the
  box to her waist band. I then led her out to the back yard. She tried to fight
  me at first but I gave her a stern look and pulled a little harder on her leash.
 I have one of those dog chains you suspend between two poles and that's where
  I was taking her. I clipped her collar onto the suspended wire with a two foot
  long chain. Then I sat down in a lawn chair at one end and said. &quot;Now
  I get to watch you learn how to walk like sluts do. You keep walking back and
  forth until I think you've learned a proper slutty walk. Go.&quot; At first
  she didn't move much so I threatened to get the riding crop and make her walk.
  She started walking. Taking small steps because of the hobble chain. It was
  a lovely sight. But she wasn't moving her hips enough. I grabbed the remote
  control and turned the egg on to its lowest setting. She stopped in her tracks. &quot;Keep
  moving slut.&quot; She started up again with much better movement in her hips
  now. I think she was really trying to give me a show. As she neared me I asked
  her. &quot;Would you like to try out the next speed?&quot; holding the remote
  so she could see it. Her eyes got wide and she shook her head no. &quot;Ok
  we'll go to the one up from that.&quot; This egg has five setting the fastest
  would wear the batteries out in 30 mins., while the slowest would last more
  than a day. When I switched it up to number three you could see the effect
  it had on her face. She immediately closed her eyes and started to gyrate her
  hips even more as she walked. She was definitely liking this. I watched her
  walk and get horny for ten minutes. I wish you could have been there. That
  show was way better than any stripper could do. Her fuck me outfit with the
  arm binder on made her walk with her tits thrust out to the world. The collar,
  heels and gag completed the look. It was all slave. She was my sex slave. And
  she knew it.
 I got an idea. &quot;Keep walking my pet. I'll be right back.&quot; I went
  into the house and grabbed my digital still and video cameras. I set the video
  camera on the tripod as she was walking away. Then I grabbed the still, approached
  her and started to shoot. She noticed me after a few seconds of that and moaned
  and tried to turn around. I hit the number four button on the egg remote. That
  got her attention. She stopped eyes wide, hips gyrating, knees bending. I yelled
  out &quot;Walk slut.&quot; She started to walk and moan. Drool began coming
  out from behind her gag. These were going to be priceless pictures. I snapped
  away as she got to the other end of the line and turned around. It was all
  she could do to keep from cumming and I reminded her not too. As she got nearer
  to the other side she saw the video camera but hardly flinched. I think she
  was too intent on not cumming. About ten feet away from the video camera I
  told her to stop and checked it. It needed to be zoomed out a little. Then
  I stood there for a few moments and watched her. Her thighs were glistening
  in the afternoon sun. And her hips gyrated so erotically. Her moans were music
  to my ears. I held the remote up and said &quot;Lets see how long you can take
  the highest setting. But I'm going to give you the option of going home right
  now before I do that? Shake your head to indicate. Do you want to leave?&quot; she
  wearily shook her head no. &quot;Don't forget not to cum, little slut.&quot; I
  punched number five.
 Her eyes went wide and then shut. She bent over as much as the leash would
  let her and her knees bent a little as she spread her legs as much as possible
  and let out a long moan and came. Her body tensed in that position and she
  stopped moaning and started to make little uh-uh-uh sounds in rhythm with her
  orgasmic tremors. I was amazed and kept watching her cum and cum. She came
  for a solid minute before her legs gave out and she almost hung herself. I
  quickly ran to her, lifted her up and undid her leash. I carefully laid her
  in the grass, all the while the egg was on five. She was still coming. I turned
  the box off. and she was still trembling with orgasms. for a good while after.
  Finally she opened her eyes looked at me and passed out.
 I carried her inside, undid the arm binder, took out the egg, and took the
  gag off. She never woke up. I placed the PVC cuffs back on her wrists and bound
  them with the master lock. Then I got a short piece of chain and attached her
  hobble chain to her bound wrists. I Made sure there was plenty of slack, but
  I did feel it was important for her to wake up bound. I got a futon cushion
  and placed it on the middle of the floor and put her sleeping body on it. I
  then watched her sleep as I decided on how to punish her. Half an hour later
  I had my mind made, but she was still sound asleep. I made sure there was a
  water bottle in the fridge, got myself a soda sat down and watched some news
  as my angle slept.
 She didn't wake up for another hour and a half. I happened to look down at
  her and saw her starring at me with what can only be described as love in her
  eyes. I got out of my chair went into the kitchen, brought the water bottle
  out and placed the straw to her lips. She drank hungrily. She finished off
  the entire 20 oz. I stroked her face as she looked at me with that adoring
  expression. &quot;Hello my pet. Did you sleep well.&quot; she nodded her head.
 Her eyes teared up as she started to speak. &quot;Please Sir. Will you punish
  me for cumming like a common slut. I need to be severely punished. Will you
  please make it hurt.&quot; A tear ran down her cheek. I knew I was falling
  in love. She was perfect in every way.
 &quot;Yes pet. I will make it painful.&quot; Her nipples got hard when I
  said that &quot;Do you need to go to the bathroom?&quot; I kinda figured she
  did because she hadn't gone to the bathroom all day.
 &quot;I don't deserve to go to the bathroom. I should just pee my pants.&quot;
 &quot;No. If you pee your pants I'll make you clean it up with your tongue.&quot; That
  startled her. She looked away and blushed. I unhooked her hogtie chain and
  took her to the bathroom. There I pulled down her shorts and told her to go.
  She looked at me and realized I wasn't going to leave. She sat down and went
  with me standing there watching her. When she was done I pulled her shorts
  back up but didn't lock them. Then I led her into my playroom. and secured
  her in the waist stock. I went over to a cabinet and brought out a smell metal
  but plug. It was about an inch and a half in diameter and four inches long.
  This was my smallest one and I hoped she could take it. I walked over to her
  and she looked up at me. &quot;You want to be punished and you want it to hurt,
  right?&quot;
 She looked at me and said &quot;I deserve it, Sir. I have disobeyed you.&quot; I
  showed her the but plug and asked her if she knew what it was. She stared at
  it intently and answered &quot;Does it go in my ass?&quot;
 &quot;Yes. And it will stay there all night to remind you how much of a slut
  you have been.&quot; I went behind her and pulled down her shorts. With out
  lubing the metal plug up I began shoving it up her ass. She started to yelp
  and moan. I told her to be quiet. I finally got it to pop in. This plug had
  a jack for a battery pack but I wasn't going to use it. I just wanted her to
  feel it all night long and know that she came from one like it. Her pussy was
  red and swollen again and leaking like a siv. I touched it with my fingers
  for the first time. She did a very good job with the depilatory. I admired
  the silky smoothness of it and the way her body responded to my touch. I quickly
  pulled her shorts back on and locked them into place. &quot;How does that feel?&quot;
 &quot;It hurts a little.&quot;
 &quot;That will pass in time.&quot; Next I got an O gag and placed it in
  her mouth. This gag was specially made for my cock to fit in it. She would
  get a nice surprise during her whipping. I made sure it was firmly in place
  and buckled it. I walked over to the back of the room and wheeled over my specialty
  made spanking machine. I attached a large leather paddle to the fitting. This
  paddle was two feet long and five inches wide. It wouldn't leave any bruises
  but the machine would swing with force. I programmed the machine to give her
  twenty swats at random intervals of 5 to 60 seconds. She was fighting her bonds
  but didn't make a sound. Next I got a thin rope and tied it around her waist
  leaving one long end. I took that long end and brought it up between her legs
  over her pussy and the ass plug, making sure I placed it correctly and it was
  tight. I then tied it to an eye bolt in the stock. Lastly I started braiding
  her pony tail. When it was done I took her lace bow off and clipped it at the
  end. I ran a piece of rope through her braid about halfway up and then pulled
  her head back by the hair. She moaned in pain when I did this but I knew she
  wanted it. I tied the rope to another eye bolt in the stock and admired my
  work. Her whole upper body was supported by her hair, pressing her back into
  the crotch rope. She was already drooling out of the O gag. I showed her my
  hard on and informed her &quot;I'm going to fuck your slutty little mouth while
  you receive your punishment. I'll finish before the machine does.&quot;
 I flipped the machine on and stuck my cock into her mouth letting it sit
  there until the first swing. It took 15 seconds. With amazing speed the paddle
  swung and smacked her ass with great force. She jumped and screamed into my
  cock. She started crying now and I started fucking her mouth. Five seconds
  went by and the next slap came. It wouldn't be long before I blew my load.
  I sawed back and forth in her mouth as she bawled. 30 seconds later the next
  swing came. And I was about to, also. 10 seconds later number four swatted
  her ass. and I started to come. I quickly pulled out and jerked a tremendous
  load into her gaping mouth and on her face. It was a very powerful cum. I came
  for another 30 seconds. Long enough to hear the next swat and her gargling
  scream. When I was finished I zipped my shorts back up and left her there to
  finish out her punishment. She was in genuine pain. Sobbing and screaming every
  time the machine hit her. I immediately went upstairs and turned on the monitor.
  I noticed that her ass plug was getting hit by the paddle and thought that
  was a nice touch. Unplanned but nice.
 It finally ended. I sat upstairs waiting for her to stop crying. Drool and
  cum were oozing out of her mouth. Such a beautiful thing. I finally went downstairs
  and undid her hair. She immediately placed her head down. I next undid her
  gag. she swallowed the cum and drool that was still in her mouth. Then she
  said &quot;Thank you for taking the time to correct my slutty behavior, Sir.&quot; I
  didn't say anything. Just looked at her with compassionate eyes. She knew what
  she meant to me. I next undid the crotch rope and saw that her pussy had been
  dripping. Her thighs were once again coated with pussy juice. Finally I got
  her out of the stock and stood her up. I held her close for a minute or two,
  caressing her head. I then led her out to the living room locking the door
  behind me. &quot;Do you need another drink, pet.&quot;
 &quot;Yes please.&quot; I held the water bottle up to her lips and she drank.
  I sat down in my chair and had her kneel at my feet. We watched TV until it
  was bedtime. I left her bound while she slept in her bed. It was a sleepless
  night for me and I suspected for her too.
Chapter IV

 The next morning I woke up early, and checked on my angle. She was awake &quot;Good
  morning. How long have you been awake?&quot;
 &quot;Not too long.'
 &quot;Did you sleep well?&quot; I touched the but plug and moved it a little.
 &quot;Not really.&quot; She smiled and asked. &quot;Did you?&quot;
 &quot;Like a baby&quot; I lied. I started to undo her bonds. Unlocking the
  gold master locks too. &quot;Go take a shower and get dressed.&quot;
 &quot;Yes sir.&quot; I watched her walk into the bathroom, swaying her hips
  like a little slut. Down stairs I made a bowl of cereal. She came down 45 minutes
  later in her jeans and T shirt. &quot;What are we gonna do today?&quot; I was
  gonna break her heart.
 &quot;Nothing. I'm gonna take you home. Sunday is a day of rest. You need
  it and I need it. So, from now on we wont see each other on Sundays. Ok?&quot;
 &quot;Ohhhhh, I don't want to leave. C'mon Just let me stay a little while.&quot;
 &quot;No. I need to set this boundary. Your going home. We can see each other
  tomorrow.&quot;
 &quot;Yes sir.&quot; She mumbled dejectedly. If she could she would move
  in. That wouldn't be so bad but I'm sure her mother wouldn't approve.
 I gave her the cell phone. &quot;I will pay this bill. You can use it however
  you like, but when I call it you had better answer it. Understand?&quot;
 She was elated. &quot;Oh thank you. This is great.&quot; She reached up and
  hugged me.
 &quot;I'm also going to bye you and your mother two new computers and high
  speed internet access. I don't want your grades to drop.&quot; She kissed my
  cheek and told me she loved me. &quot;Lets go.&quot; I drove her home, and
  watched her walk in the door. She looked back at me and blew me a kiss.
 
 The rest of the day was spent mostly thinking of her. I went to Sammy's strip
  club later in the evening. Not that I needed the companionship. I needed to
  prepare tomorrow's activities. I knew this place well and they knew me well.
  I usually bring a grand or two in here. Today I only had five hundred. I was
  looking for one girl in particular. Her stage name was Mistress Shay. She was
  a top. I knew that from prior discussions with her. I found her 10 minutes
  later and flagged her down. She came over to me with a big smile. &quot;Hey
  handsome. Haven't seen you around here lately.&quot; I usually come in once
  a week. The girls get disappointed if I don't show. She sat down next to me
  and put her hand on my thigh.
 &quot;Yeah, I know you all missed me.&quot; I flagged a waitress down and
  ordered Shay a $30 drink. I'm one of the few customers that can call her that,
  Shay I mean. Most every one else, she makes them call her Mistress or Mistress
  Shay. Even the other dancers. She is a true top.
 I always thought she was pretty cool. Her body is real nice to look at too.
  She stands at 5' 7&quot; nice, firm C cup breasts and weighs 115. Her hair
  is brunette, cut in a pageboy style. Our conversations always lead to 'The
  Lifestyle'. She'll point out dancers that she thinks are submissive, Shay's
  bi. I'll get a dance or two from her, we'll bullshit for a while, then she'll
  move on. Kindred spirits, we are.
 &quot;I wanted to talk with you about something specific Shay.&quot;
 &quot;Ok. I'm listening.&quot;
 &quot;I met a girl and am in the process of The Introduction.&quot;
 &quot;Oh.&quot; She smiled at me. &quot;That's why you haven't been in. Well
  good for you. I know you've been looking a while. What's she like?&quot;
 &quot;Super fine. She's gonna knock the wind out of you when you see her.&quot;
 She raised an eyebrow &quot;Your gonna bring her in here?&quot;
 &quot;Specifically to meet you. I hope your working tomorrow.&quot;
 &quot;Actually tomorrow's my day off, but I'll come in now. I want to meet
  this girl.&quot;
 &quot;Good. I want you to top her. We'll go back to the Champaign booth and
  I'll let you have your way with her.&quot; I gave her a mischievous smile.
  She gave me one back. &quot;What do you think?&quot;
 &quot;I would love too. Has she ever been with a girl?&quot;
 &quot;No. And there are some rules. Nothing under the panties. On top is
  Ok. I don't want her touching your pussy either. Keep it slow at first. I want
  to introduce her, not scare her off. Ok?&quot;
 &quot;Wooo. Slow down there cowboy. I can't get away with that kind of stuff.
  You know there's cameras in there.&quot;
 I had never taken Shay to the booth so she didn't know how I worked. &quot;Don't
  worry Shay. They leave me alone back there. Mike and the booth bouncer always
  make good money off me.&quot; I winked at her. &quot;We have a deal?&quot; Mike
  was the manager. He watched the monitors for any hanky panky. I always threw
  4 or 5 hundred at him per visit. Who ever was bouncing the booth would get
  a couple hundred to leave me alone. It was nice being wealthy.
 She smiled and nodded her head indicating she now knew what's up. &quot;Oh.
  Then it's a deal. I'll break her in slowly. Don't worry I know what I'm doing.&quot; I
  knew she did.
 &quot;One more thing. Can you wear that outfit I bought you?&quot;
 &quot;Oh sure.&quot;
 &quot;Thanks. Now can I get a dance?&quot; She got up at the next song and
  gave me a nice lap dance. I gave her a fifty, thanked her again and left.

 Monday rolled around and the anticipation was building up. She called after
  school and asked if she could come over. I said yes, of course. I opened the
  door, she walked in and gave me a peck on the cheek. &quot;Hi.&quot; She was
  in an awfully good mood.
 &quot;What are you so happy about?&quot;
 &quot;I got my report card and got straight A's! Want to see?&quot;
 &quot;Oh yes. Show me.&quot; She had a big smile on her face as she handed
  it to me. Sure enough A's all the way down. This might work to my advantage.
 &quot;Well, we have to celebrate. Make yourself comfortable. I'm gonna go
  upstairs and pick out a different outfit. We're gonna paint the town red.&quot; I
  wasn't gonna pick out a different outfit. But I felt she should perceive that
  I changed my plans for her achievements. The outfit I had for her was a black
  chiffon dress. It had spaghetti straps and a tight bust line. It fell loosely
  down from there to about mid thigh. It was going to look good, but most of
  all would offer easy access. I'm a devil. I had also picked out some sheer
  stockings with a seem running down the back. The tops would hopefully be hidden
  by the dress. Mr. Epstien had assured me they would, but he said it would be
  close. Black silk garters and tiny black silk thong panties rounded out the
  lower region. For her breasts I chose a lacy black 1/4 cup pushup bra. It won't
  even come close to covering her nipples. Finally for shoes, black 5&quot; open
  toed pumps. I smiled inwardly at what I thought she would look like.
 I spent about 15 minutes up there before I came down. She was sitting on
  the couch watching TV. &quot;Ok. It's ready. Go on up and get ready.&quot; She
  jumped up and ran upstairs with glee, glancing back with a giant smile on her
  face. I sat in my chair and watched some news as I waited.
 An hour later I heard the heels on the wood floor. I looked over and saw
  an angel. She looked stunning the ruby red lipstick, beige blush and thick
  mascara I had picked out made her look like she could at least pass for 18.
  The dress was just as Mr. Epstien had said. Barely covering the tops of her
  stockings. Every time she moved I could get a quick glance at them. Wonderful.
  He is a master craftsman. The heels really looked great and she was walking
  much better than Saturday. I think the lesson worked. Her nipples were hard.
  I could easily see them trying to drill a hole through the tight bust line.
  The look was perfect. High class call girl.
 I told her to come and stand in front of me. &quot;Let me get a look at you.
  Do you like it?&quot;
 &quot;Yes sir. It makes me feel like a woman. It's so sexy. Thank you for
  picking it out.&quot;
 &quot;Turn around and let me get a look at it.&quot; She did and the dress
  fanned out. I could see the garters when she did it. I stood up, went to her
  and gave her a passionate kiss. Then went back to my chair, sat down and opened
  the droor to the (don't know the word) and pulled out the but plug.
 It was the same type as the metal one from Saturday, only bigger. This was
  the medium sized plug. Two inches in diameter at its widest and four inches
  long. The neck was 1 1/2 inches wide. It was rather heavy, I'd say half a pound.
  When she saw it her face went white and the smile disappeared. She started
  to wring her hands, but didn't say anything. I got a bottle of lube out of
  the droor and started to lube it up. She watched me do it, eyes big a saucers.
  When I had it lubed up enough, I got up and walked over to her holding the
  ass plug so she could see it. Her eyes followed its slow approach. &quot;Do
  you want to put it in or should I?&quot;
 In a breathless whisper she replied. &quot;I-I don't....I don't think I can.&quot; I
  gently kissed her forehead.
 &quot;Then I will.&quot; So far she hadn't protested at all. Although, I
  was sure she knew it was going to hurt..bad. &quot;Spread your legs and bend
  over.&quot; She slowly spread her legs, closed her eyes and bent over. &quot;Pull
  your dress up.&quot; She reached behind her and pulled the dress up. I noticed
  a small damp spot on those sexy little panties. Hmm. I wonder if that happened
  when she saw this or before. I pulled her thong to the side and pressed the
  tip to her ass. She tensed. &quot;If you relax it wont hurt so much.&quot; I
  gave her a moment but she didn't relax. I pressed firmly. The first half inch
  went in ok. But as the plug widened it got more difficult. She took a sharp
  breath in as I applied more pressure and held it. It was only half way in and
  I needed some leverage. I put my arm around her thighs and held her tight.
  Then I really pushed. She gave out a pain filled groan. I almost had it all
  the way in. I pushed harder still and it popped in with a sucking noise. She
  moaned loudly. I made sure it was in properly and placed the thong over it.
  I noticed the damp spot had gotten a little larger. Well that answered my question.
 &quot;Stand up and straighten out your dress.&quot; She slowly bent back
  up and let her dress fall. There was visible pain on her face.
 &quot;How long must I keep this in sir?&quot; She knew the answer but was
  hoping for the best.
 &quot;How long do you think you should keep it in?&quot; I was stroking her
  cheek with a reassuring smile on my face.
 &quot;As long as you want.&quot;
 &quot;I want it filling your ass all night long. Do you want that?&quot;
 She looked down and replied &quot;Yes sir. I want to please you.&quot;
 I tenderly kissed her lips. With pain on her face I made her walk out to
  the car. She took mincing steps. It was a lovely sight. We got out to the car
  and I led her to the passenger side. Before I opened the door I reached up
  under her dress with my hand on her ass. She spread her legs to give me better
  access. I started playing with the plug. She closed her eyes, put her hands
  on the roof and arched her back. I did this for half a minute then gave the
  plug a quick pull. She bit her bottom lip and grunted. A quick flash of pain
  crossed her face. Then I slipped my finger under her panties and stuck one
  in her pussy. She leaned against the car and arched her back more. As I was
  finger fucking her I whispered in her ear. &quot;When you get in the car I
  want you to finger yourself like this. Don't forget to ask for permission.
  Ok?&quot; She nodded her head and I pulled my finger out. It was very wet.
  She gathered herself. &quot;Look at the mess you left on my finger.&quot; She
  looked at it, then at me. Her hand held mine and she slowly brought it up to
  her mouth. She stuck the soiled finger in her mouth and sucked. All the while
  never taking her eyes off mine. I smile and pulled my hand away and we got
  in the car. She started fingering herself immediately.
 A couple of miles down the road she asked in a breathless whisper. &quot;My
  I please cum sir.&quot; I said yes and she came. It was a good cum but nothing
  earth shattering. She pulled her hand away from her crotch.
 &quot;Who told you to stop?&quot;
 &quot;Oh.&quot; She jumped a little. &quot;I'm sorry sir.&quot; Her hand
  went back down to her pussy. She came once more before we got to our destination.
  Just as we got there she asked if she could cum.
 &quot;No my pet, we're here. Pull your hand out of your cunt and fix yourself.&quot; She
  reluctantly did. This was a friend's house. He made most of his money producing
  fake IDs. I needed a fake ID. My money wasn't going to get a 15 year old girl
  in a strip club. I knocked on the door with Sarah at my side. Bill answered,
  and ushered us inside. His eyes never left Sarah. We bullshitted for a couple
  of minutes, I introduced Sarah and we walked out of there 20 minutes later
  with an ID that said she was 18. It cost me six hundred dollars. Bill's IDs
  were the best. Indistinguishable from the real thing. He had paid allot of
  money to get the same exact equipment the DMV uses. All the water marks and
  holograms were there. It was worth every penny.
 When we got back in the car she asked why she needed a fake ID &quot;Are
  we going to a club.&quot; There was excitement in her voice.
 &quot;Yes pet. We are. And why aren't you fingering yourself?&quot;
 Her hand went down to her pussy and she said &quot;I'm sorry. I forgot.&quot; She
  came once more before we arrived at the most expensive restaurant in town.
  We went in and I got a secluded table. The busboys were drooling. I ordered
  her a salad and me a porter house steak. She was getting much better with her
  walk, but every time she sat down she winced. It was so adorable. I paid the
  bill and we left.
 In the car she immediately started fingering herself. It was a twenty minute
  ride out to the club. She came three times. I parked the car at the end of
  the lot in a secluded spot and got out. I opened her door and helped her out.
  She hadn't seen the sign because her eyes were closed in bliss. I think she
  was close to another one when I told her to stop. She got out and I turned
  her around so I was facing her back. I put my hand up under her dress. She
  protested saying &quot;What if someone sees us.&quot;
 I said &quot;I don't care.&quot; I played with her ass plug for a few minutes.
  She was in that wonderful position, leaning against the car, back arched and
  legs spread. I felt her panties, and of course she was wet as a river. I straightened
  them out making sure they were pulled up tight, held her hand and walked around
  to the door of Sammy's strip club. She was quick to realize where we were and
  stopped in her tracks.
 &quot;I can't go in there.&quot; she protested &quot;It's a strip club.&quot;
 &quot;Ladies can go in if they're accompanied by a gentleman. Your with me.&quot; I
  beamed at her and pulled her along. We walked through the door and she was
  mesmerized. I tipped the door bouncer a fifty, we exchanged greetings and showed
  him our IDs. He gave them a cursory glance, and gave me the Ok to drink wrist
  band then stamped her hand with the big NO. I chose a table away from the floor
  and we sat down. She winced a little. &quot;What do you think?&quot; I yelled
  over the pulsating music. She had here eyes glued to the dancer on stage.
 &quot;It's allot nicer than I had imagined.&quot; She yelled back. Sammy's
  is the premier gentlemen's club in town. High class all the way. A waitress
  came over and asked if we want a drink. I ordered a Captain and Coke and she
  ordered a Diet Coke. We sat there watching the show for a while. I was looking
  for Shay but didn't see her. I hoped she was here. A new dancer came over and
  said &quot;Hi.&quot; I have a rule all the dancers know about. They are not
  to approach me. If they do I turn them down and they don't get any money from
  me for several visits. Which really hurts because I spread my doe around evenly.
  The new dancers I give a break though. I'll give them a dance then explain
  my rule, and they better hope they remember me.
 I said &quot;Hi. What's your name?&quot;
 &quot;Peaches. What's yours?&quot; I gave it to her and introduced Sarah.
  She gave Sarah a close inspection and I could tell she was into girls. She
  looked back at me and said &quot;Y'all want a dance?&quot;
 &quot;I think Sarah would. Don't you honey?&quot; Sarah's face went pale
  and she looked at me nodding her head no. I gave her a stern look.
 &quot;Yes.&quot; She squeaked.
 &quot;Well sweetie is it all right if I sit in your lap until the next song?&quot; She
  didn't wait for an answer. She just plopped her self right down in Sarah's
  lap. I wondered how the extra weight was making that ass plug feel. I gave
  Sarah an amused smile. She gave me a snotty smile back. The next song Peaches
  took her top off and started dancing for Sarah. It was quite fun to watch.
  Sarah would look at Peaches tits and down at her little white panties. I think
  she may have liked it a little. On a scale of 1-10 this dance was a 5. Average.
  After it was over I told peaches to sit down next to me. I gave her a fifty
  and she started rummaging for change.
 &quot;No. Keep it.&quot;
 Her eyes got big and she said &quot;Thanks.&quot;
 I grabbed peaches arm to get her attention &quot;Peaches, I'm a regular.
  You need to know about my rule.&quot; She started to talk and I shushed her. &quot;I
  don't like it when girls approach me for dances. I gave you a dance because
  your new here. Just don't approach me again. If I want a dance with you I'll
  find you. Fair enough?&quot;
 &quot;Yeah. I'm sorry I didn't know.&quot;
 &quot;I know. Don't take it personally, all the girls know about my rule.
  Ok?&quot; I smiled at her.
 She smiled back and said &quot;Sure honey. No problem. If you want another
  one you know where to find me.&quot;
 &quot;Ok. Thanks.&quot; She got up and left. I tuned to Sarah and rolled
  my eyes. She smiled and let out a little laugh. &quot;Hey. I'll be right back.&quot; I
  gave her ten ones. &quot;Go tip the dancers.&quot;
 &quot;Where are you going?&quot; She looked uncomfortable.
 &quot;I'll be right back.&quot; I got up and went over to the booth bouncer.
  Tonight it was Walter. Walt's a cool guy. I went up to him and chatted for
  a few minutes. Finally I said. &quot;Hey man. Can you hold booth three for
  me.&quot; I slipped him a hundred.
 &quot;Yeah man, no problem.&quot; I shook his hand a went over to the managers
  office. Mike was in there powdering his nose. He was surprised to see me. I
  slipped him five hundreds and asked if Shey was around.
 &quot;Yeah. She's in the dressing room. You want me to get her?&quot;
 &quot;Yeah tell her I have that package she wanted to see so bad.&quot; I
  flashed a smile and we parted. Booth three is the most secluded booth in the
  place. They try to keep it unoccupied for the big spenders. I was the biggest
  spender of them all. Mike would probably watch the monitor but wouldn't interrupt,
  no matter what happened. I have received many a blow job in this place. Most
  of them in booth three.
 I walked back to the table. Some dude was sitting in my seat talking to Sarah.
  She looked uncomfortable. She saw me approach and relief came across her face.
  He notice it to and looked up just as I got there. &quot;Hey. What's up?&quot; He
  said.
 &quot;Your sitting in my seat man.&quot; I picked my Cap' and Coke up off
  the table and took a sip. He looked over at Sarah and then back at me.
 &quot;Oh shit. You two are together?&quot;
 &quot;Yeah man.&quot;
 He started laughing. &quot; Oh. I'm sorry dude. I thought she...&quot; He
  looked back at her and got up. &quot;I'm sorry. I didn't know.&quot;
 I said &quot;No problem dude.&quot;
 He got close to my ear and said &quot;Man she is fine with a capital F.&quot; He
  gave me the thumbs up sign and walked back over to his buddies. I sat down.
 Sarah said &quot;Don't leave me like that. I couldn't stand talking to him.&quot;
 I smiled at her and said &quot;Why didn't you just tell him to beat it?&quot;
 She grabbed onto my arm and said &quot;I don't know.&quot; She snuggled up
  to me, and I put my arm around her.
 &quot;Did you spend the ones I gave you?&quot;
 &quot;I didn't have a chance. He was on me ten seconds after you left.&quot; I
  laughed.
 &quot;It's Ok. Go and tip that one.&quot; It was Nikki. She sucked my dick
  a couple of times in booth 3. She was wearing a cute school girl outfit. Sarah
  hesitantly got up and went over to the stage. Nikki saw her and danced her
  way over. She gyrated and danced and was looking at Sarah the whole time. She
  took the one out of Sarah's hand and placed it in her mouth to do the whole
  tit grab thing, which made Sarah bend over a little and show her garter belts.
  Sarah had an embarrassed smile on her face when she came back. She looked so
  good in that outfit. Every guy in the place was undressing her with their eyes.
  Sarah sat back down, winced and then smiled at me. &quot;Are you enjoying yourself?&quot;
 &quot;Yeah. It's kinda fun.&quot;
 Shey magically appeared in front of me. &quot;Hey handsome.&quot; She was
  wearing my outfit, just like she promised. It was all black shiny PVC. A one
  piece high cut teddy, with long sleeves and a polo type collar. The neck then
  plunged down to her belly button where it was laced back up to her breasts.
  Knee high 6&quot; stiletto heeled PVC boots on her feet. In this club if the
  dancers aren't dancing then they have to cover their asses. So she had on a
  knee length tight PVC skirt. I bought this outfit and then realized she wouldn't
  be able to wear it to work because it would be allot of trouble to get her
  tits out of it. So, I had it modified with two zippers over her tits. All she
  had to do was unzip and pop her tits out through the holes. A black leather
  collar around her neck and riding crop in her hand rounded out the getup. She
  liked this outfit and wore it often.
 &quot;Hey Shay. I'd like you to meet a friend of mine. Sarah, Shay. Shay,
  Sarah.&quot;
 &quot;Nice to meet you Sarah. You can call me Mistress.&quot; They shook
  hands. I scooted over so Shay could sit down between us.
 &quot;Have a seat.&quot; I patted the seat next to me. She sat down and grabbed
  Sarah's hand. She sat there talking to me, holding Sarah's hand. I wondered
  how that made Sarah feel. We bullshitted about the new girl a little. Then
  the song was over and it was Nikki's turn to get topless on stage. I gave Sarah
  a five and told her to go and tip. &quot;Tell her you want to see her after
  the dance. Understand?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; Shay and I watched her walk up to the stage.
 &quot;Wow you weren't kidding. She is a stunner. I almost came when I saw
  her.&quot; I laughed. &quot;You ready to go back to the booth?&quot;
 &quot;Hell yes. I want to show her what a woman can offer.&quot; She smiled
  at me.
 &quot;I'm going to need some companionship. When Nikki gets off we'll all
  go back. Ok?&quot; Nikki and Shey were friends. I had the impression they were
  lovers at one time. It's always best if you chose friends to compete over your
  money. If you chose enemies things get ugly real fast.
 &quot;Sure. I'm going to be a little preoccupied.&quot; Again that little
  smile. We watched Sarah tip and ask Nikki to come over. Nikki dances very well.
  This time she danced better than usual just for Sarah. Sarah walked back and
  we could see that her nipples were hard. a couple of guys clapped as Sarah
  passed them. She was very embarrassed. Shey grabbed Sarah's arm before she
  could sit down and guided my angle on to her lap. I noticed Sarah position
  herself so Shey wouldn't notice the ass plug.
 &quot;That was embarrassing.&quot; She said.
 Shay spoke. &quot;But you liked it. Huh?&quot; Sarah didn't say anything.
  That spoke volumes. &quot;Your a bad girl.&quot; We sat there and watched Nikki
  finish up. A couple of minutes later she came out of the dressing room and
  walked over to us. I stood up as did Shay and Sarah, they were holding hands.
 &quot;Hi Nikki.&quot;
 &quot;Hi sweetie.&quot; She gave me a hug and peck on the cheek.
 &quot;You want to go back in the booth?&quot;
 &quot;Sure. Who's the cutie?&quot; She motioned at Sarah.
 &quot;That's Sarah. We came in together.&quot;
 &quot;She's hot.&quot; Sarah heard her and blushed. I started leading the
  four of us back, my arm around Nikki, Shey and Sarah hand in hand. This was
  gonna be fun. I slipped Walt another hundred as we went by. He winked at me.
  The booth is not actually a booth. Its really a small room measuring 10x10.
  The door was a black cotton curtain. A full sized leather couch sits on one
  wall flanked by small tables. Two small chairs sat in the opposite corners.
  I sat down and pulled Nikki onto my lap. Shay did the same with Sarah and placed
  her riding crop on the table. Sarah again positioned herself to avoid any embarrassing
  questions. I gave each girl five hundred dollars. They knew there would be
  more.
 The Champaign room was actually rented out by the bottle. Once a bottle was
  finished the dancer had to get her customer to bye another or leave. The bottles
  ranged anywhere from $40 to $350. Each dance the customer got he had to pay
  for, though. Dances ran $30. I had already bought the booth for the whole night,
  so didn't have to worry about that. The grand I just laid out paid the dancers
  for the next couple of hours. I would have to shell out another grand to close
  the club. I brought five grand, so I wasn't worried.
 We sat and chatted for a while. One of the nice things about the booth is
  that you can talk without shouting. The music is distant but clearly audible.
  I could speak in a normal voice and still be heard by everyone. I asked Sarah
  how she was doing.
 &quot;Good.&quot; I got the feeling this was overwhelming her reasoning skills.
  She didn't quite know what to make of all this. She was gonna find out right
  now. I asked Nikki to dance for me and told Shay she could dance whenever she
  felt like it. Shay sat there and the two of them watched Nikki get up close
  and personal with me. She was rubbing her face against my hard on and then
  she would hump my leg, then grind her ass against my cock. I looked over at
  Sarah checking to see if she was jealous. It seemed as though she wanted to
  take notes. She was intently watching Nikki dance for me. Shay had one arm
  wrapped around Sarah's tiny waist and the other resting on her thigh. Let the
  games begin.
 At the next song, I sat Nikki down in my lap, as Shay got up to do her dance.
  She took off that skirt and unzipped her breasts. This was a slow song and
  Shay started dancing for Sarah very seductively. Sarah had her eyes on Shay's
  breasts, which had very large nipple rings in them. Sarah starred wide eyed
  at Shay's slow movements. Shay hadn't touched her yet, but began moving in.
  She grabbed Sarah's wrists and held them against the back of the couch as she
  slid her body against my angle's. Sarah's nipples were rock hard by now. I
  wondered how wet her pussy was. Shay never touched Sarah with her hands, she
  just rubbed her body against Sarah's. Then she started to nibble on Sarah's
  earlobe. Sarah closed her eyes and turned her head to give Shay better access.
  They rubbed bodies the entire song with Shay nibbling Sarah's earlobes. That
  song ended and another started. Shay didn't stop dancing. Still rubbing bodies
  with Shay still pinning Sarah's hands she started to go down to the neck. Shay
  straddled Sarah and began gyrating her hips into Sarah's waist. Nikki was still
  playing with my cock and I had to tell her to stop or I would explode. She
  removed her hand still watching the show. That went on for the rest of the
  song. Sarah occasionally letting out a lust filled sigh. When that song was
  over, Shay stood up and pulled Sarah up with her. She sat down and spread her
  legs, then had Sarah sit on the edge of the couch in between them.
 &quot;Did you like that Sarah?&quot; I said.
 She blushed and looked down. &quot;A little.&quot;
 Shay then spoke. &quot;You liked that more than a little. The back of your
  dress has a damp spot on it.&quot; Sarah got a mortified look on her face,
  and covered her face in humiliation. &quot;I have an idea. How about if Nikki
  gives you a dance. Would you like that?&quot; after a few moments she put her
  hands down and looked at Nikki. She nodded her head. &quot;Speak up.&quot;
 &quot;Yes. That's Ok.&quot;
 &quot;Yes Mistress.&quot; Shay corrected her.
 &quot;Yes Mistress.&quot; She whispered.
 I said &quot;How bout it Nikki. You want to give Sarah a little dance?&quot;
 &quot;Ohhh yeah. I've been wanting to do that since I first saw her.&quot; Nikki
  stood up and stripped to just her panties and heels. She walked over to Sarah
  and put her hands on Sarah's shoulders and gave a show. Her hands wandered
  a bit, touching the sides of Sarah's breasts and running down her flat tummy.
  She mounted Sarah's leg and started humping. Looking directly into Sarah's
  eyes. She then bent down and gave Sarah a kiss on the lips. No tongue but very
  sensual, never stopping her gyrating hips. She pulled away and pressed her
  body against Sarah's, still humping that leg. Shay then guided Sarah's hands
  to Nickie's ass. Sarah looked over at me with confusion in her eyes. I smiled
  back. Nikki did this for a while, then dismounted and knelt at Sarah's feet.
  She looked up into Sarah's eyes and with a smile, brought her hands to my angles
  thighs. She slowly pushed the hem of the skirt back. Sarah reached for it but
  was stopped by Shay who held her hands. Nikki continued to push the dress back
  until all of Sarah's thighs were showing. Nikki then Kissed then inside of
  her thighs moving ever closer to that wonderful spot. Nikki pushed Sarah's
  legs farther apart and gave her one last kiss on the thigh before looking at
  her face and slowly lowering her head. She pushed her face all the way in,
  rubbing her nose against Sarah's now sopping panties. She did this for another
  15 seconds then the song was over. Sarah was breathing very hard. Nikki pulled
  away, her face coated with Sarah's pussy juice. She grabbed the hem of Sarah's
  skirt and wiped her face with it. Sarah opened her eyes as she got herself
  under control. She watched Nikki wipe her face off and sit on my lap.
 &quot;Next time she does that you should let her lick it off.&quot; I told
  Nikki.
 Nikki said. &quot;That's a good idea.&quot;
 Shay then asked Sarah. &quot;No, only sluts like the taste of their own pussy.
  Do You like to taste your pussy juice?&quot; Sarah hesitated, looked at me,
  and knew what I wanted to hear. &quot;Speak up.&quot;
 &quot;Y-yes Mistress.&quot; She said with shame.
 &quot;That makes you a slut, doesn't it?&quot;
 She closed her eyes and lowered her head in humiliation. &quot;Yes Mistress.&quot;
 Nikki chimed in. &quot;Ooooh. She makes me sooo hot. I need my pussy rubbed.&quot; I
  reached down and played with Nikki's pussy. &quot;Oh. I kinda wanted Sarah
  to do it.&quot;
 Shay gave Nikki a stern look and said. &quot;Not right now.&quot; She reached
  around with one arm and held Sarah. Pulling Sarah's hair away from her neck
  she gave my angle a tender kiss on it. We sat there for a few songs, I playing
  with Nikki's pussy and breasts as Shay tenderly held Sarah. Shay knew her business.
  I chose well. After four songs passed Shey stood Sarah up and got herself up. &quot;I
  need to hit the little girls room. Nikki, come with me.&quot; I stopped playing
  with Nikki and pushed her up. She was horny and protested but Shay pulled her
  out of the room.
 I scooted over to Sarah and put my arm around her. She lay her head on my
  shoulder. &quot;Are you having fun?&quot; I said.
 &quot;I...I guess.&quot;
 &quot;You guess? It sure looked like you were enjoying yourself.&quot;
 &quot;But...&quot; She pulled back and looked at me. &quot;But, I-I'm not
  a lesbian. Am I?&quot;
 &quot;Oh little angel. You have a lot to learn. Just because you were turned
  on by two sexy women doesn't mean you're a lesbian.&quot; She looked relieved.
  I smiled at her and said. &quot;But you are almost certainly a bi-sexual.&quot; Her
  smile dissipated. I held her head close to my chest and said. &quot;Which one
  do you like the most?&quot;
 &quot;I don't know.&quot;
 &quot;Sure you do. If you had to chose which one would it be?&quot;
 She didn't answer for a few seconds. &quot;Ummmm....Mistress Shay?&quot;
 &quot;What do you like about her?&quot; She mumbled something. &quot;I didn't
  hear you.&quot;
 &quot;I like her breasts.&quot;
 &quot;Really.&quot; I was a little surprised that she answered so quick.
 After a minute she said. &quot;I like her nipple rings.&quot; This response
  was unsolicited. I thought about my reply.
 &quot;Maybe I should get you a set. Would you like that?&quot; She shrugged
  her shoulders. &quot;Oh. You don't want me too?&quot;
 She said in a quiet voice. &quot;I didn't say that.&quot;
 &quot;Well, would you like it or not?&quot;
 &quot;It'll hurt.&quot;
 &quot;I'm sure it will.&quot;
 A little while went by and she said &quot;Yes.&quot; I didn't say anything,
  just held her and watched her breath.
 A few minutes went by and she asked. &quot;Do you like Nikki?&quot;
 I immediately answered &quot;Yes my pet.&quot; Then I tilted her head up
  and gazed into her eyes. &quot;But your my true love.&quot; I gave her a long
  passionate kiss and she held me tight. Just then the dancers came through the
  curtain. I stopped kissing Sarah and said. &quot;Why don't you&quot; pointing
  at Nikki &quot;dance for her the next song.&quot; pointing at Shay.
 Shay smiled at Nikki and said &quot;Only if she promises to do naughty things.&quot;
 &quot;Oooohh Mistress. I'll get real nasty, if you promise to spank me.&quot;
 &quot;I'll use the crop on you bitch.&quot; She gave Nikki an evil smile.
 &quot;Mmmmmm.&quot; she said and started dancing. I set Sarah in my lap and
  told her to watch and learn. She was watching with interest. Nikki started
  in fast, mounting Shay's leg and humping it right away. They french kissed,
  making sure we got a show. Nikki went down to Shay's nipples, liking and sucking
  on them. Sarah watched intently. I reached my hand under her to play with the
  ass plug. She gave me a quick surprised look and held me a little closer, lifting
  one cheek up to give me easier access. Then, she turned her head and watched
  the dancers while I moved the plug around in her ass. I whispered in her ear,
  asking her which one she would like to be right now Nikki or Shay. She hesitantly
  answered &quot;I guess Nikki.&quot; Her panties were of course soaked. Shay
  stuck her hand down Nikki's little white panties and started fingering the
  shit out of her. Nikki never stopped her oral manipulation of Shay's tits.
  Sarah started gyrating her hips and my cock grew hard. Towards the end of the
  song Shay stopped and whispered something in Nikki's ear as she pulled her
  hand out of her cunt. Nikki dismounted and kissed her way down to Shay's pussy.
  There she started grinding her face against it and reach up to play with Shay's
  breasts. She did this into the next song, then brought her hands down to Shay's
  pussy and pulled the crotch of her outfit aside and began eating her friend
  out. She soon shoved her fingers in her pussy finishing the job Shay started.
  It was so exciting to watch. I wondered if Sarah still wanted to be in Nikki's
  place. They did this throughout the song and came together, just as the next
  one was starting. Sarah was breathing heavy and as they came she sighed. I
  clapped my hands as they fixed their clothes back.
 &quot;Wow. That was great.&quot; They smiled at us.
 Nikki, still kneeling on the floor then asked Shay. &quot;Do I get my spanking
  now?&quot;
 Shay reached for her riding crop and told Nikki to stand with her hands against
  the wall. When Nikki was in position, with her ass thrust out as if begging
  to be whipped, Shay struck it three times with moderate force, leaving nice
  little red marks and said. &quot;Dirty little whore.&quot; Sarah, of course,
  watched this closely.
 Nikki straightened up and rubbed her ass for a few moments. With pain on
  her face she said &quot;Thank you Mistress.&quot;
 Shay sat down and asked me &quot;Do I get my slut back?&quot;
 &quot;Oh. How rude of me. Sarah, go sit with your Mistress.&quot;
 &quot;Yes sir.&quot; she replied. Sarah reluctantly got up and Shay had her
  straddle her legs. I looked at Nikki and patted my lap. She came over and sat
  down with a grimace.
 A few minutes went by and I said. &quot;While you two were dancing I asked
  Sarah which one she would like to trade places with. Guess what she said?&quot; Sarah
  looked over at me with a hurt look on her face. I ignored it.
 Shay asked Sarah. &quot;Which one did you say?&quot;
 Sarah looked down and didn't say anything at first. Finally she answered. &quot;Nikki.&quot;
 &quot;Oh? Would you like to give me a dance?&quot;
 &quot;Ummm, Not really.&quot; She said in a quiet voice. She looked up at
  me with pleading eyes. I looked over at Shay as if to say 'your in control'.
 Shay got the message and said. &quot;Oh I think you do. In fact I insist
  you dance for me.&quot; She reassured Sarah by saying . &quot;You don't have
  to get as nasty as Nikki. Next song. Ok?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Mistress.&quot; was all Sarah said. The next song started and Sarah
  got up and started dancing. Shay immediately stopped her.
 &quot;No, no, no honey. You need to take that silly dress off.&quot;
 Sarah's eyes got wide and she started to beg. &quot;Oh my god. Please, no
  Mistress. Don't make me do that. I'll dance real sexy, I promise. Just don't
  make me do that.&quot; She looked over at me for backup. I shrugged my shoulders
  and pointed at Shay. She looked at Shay with pleading eyes and quivering mouth.
  There were at least two reasons why Sarah didn't want to strip. One, she was
  embarrassed to do it in front of these women. Two and most urgent, she knew
  the ass plug would be clearly visible if she turned around.
 &quot;No. That wont do. You need to take that dress off.&quot; Sarah slowly
  brought her hand up to her shoulder strap and slid it down her arm. Then she
  did the same with the other. Next she slowly pulled the top down showing her
  bare nipples and 1/4 cup bra. She held the dress at waist height and gave Shay
  another pleading look. Shay snapped her fingers and pointed at the floor. The
  dress dropped and Sarah stepped over it. Then she started dancing again. Nikki
  made a comment about how she liked the bra and would have to get one.
 Sarah looked great in that lingerie. Those sexy stockings and garter with
  those tiny, soaked panties and five inch heels. She could pass for a stripper
  in that anywhere. I was popping a boner and Shay was practically drooling.
  We watched Sarah's awkward attempt at dancing for a few minutes then Shey told
  her to imagine riding a big fat cock. Sarah's technique improved dramatically.
  She never touched Shay and NEVER turned around. When that song was over Shay
  told her to keep going through the next one. Sarah continued to dance. Finally
  Shay asked Sarah to turn around so she could get a look at her ass. Sarah did
  a pirouette. Shay sternly told her to turn with her back facing us and dance
  a bit.
 Sarah stopped her gyrations as a look of pure fear crossed he face. She whispered
  a terrified &quot;No.&quot; Shay raised her eyebrows and asked her to repeat
  that. Sarah bent down and started putting on her dress as her eyes teared up.
  Shay glanced at my with a quizzical look. She knew something was up. I don't
  think Nikki was that smart. I knew I had to act fast or this would turn ugly.
 &quot;Sarah.&quot; I got her attention and she stopped with the dress around
  her waist. She had tears coming down her face. &quot;I would be very disappointed
  if you asked to go home. Do you want to disappoint me?&quot;
 She looked down and stood there for a solid minute. Her tears stopped and
  finally she said &quot;No sir. I never want to disappoint you.&quot; She knew
  what was expected of her and let the dress drop. Closing her eyes and hanging
  her head she turned around, spread her legs a couple of feet and started dancing.
  Ten seconds later Shay looked at me with shock on her face and said. &quot;Holy
  shit. Is that what I think it is?&quot; I watched Sarah's face as I nodded
  my head. A tear dropped from her eye but she never stopped dancing. Nikki chimed
  in.
 &quot;What? What is it?&quot;
 Shay looked back at Sarah's ass and said &quot;The slut has a but plug shoved
  up her ass. Has that been in all night?&quot;
 I nodded my head as Sarah said &quot;Yes mistress.&quot;
 Nikki leaned over so she could see. &quot;That's kinky.&quot;
 Shay reached out and touched it. Sarah straightened a little. &quot;You like
  that slut?&quot; Sarah didn't answer. &quot;Turn around and dance closer you
  nasty slut.&quot; Sarah did as she was told, looking at Shay with watery eyes.
  She started to rub against Shay and kiss her neck. Shay was playing with her
  nipples, pulling on them and applying some pressure. Sarah really started dancing
  good. She straddled Shay's legs and rubbed her panties on them in a fucking
  motion. Shay grabbed the back of her hair and pulled. Sarah closed her eyes
  and let out a lust filled moan. Shay kept pulling and Sarah kept humping her
  leg. I told Nikki to suck my cock. She got down on her knees and started in.
  Next Shay gave Sarah's nipple a good pinch. Sarah bit her lip. It was one of
  the most erotic things I had ever seen. &quot;What kind of girl are you?&quot; she
  asked as she pulled hard on Sarah's nipple and hair.
 With pain in her voice, she said &quot;I'm a slut Mistress.&quot;
 &quot;Your a nasty slut.&quot;
 &quot;Yes Mistress, I'm a nasty slut.&quot; Shay let go of her nipple and
  slid her hand down to Sarah's crotch. She started playing real rough with the
  ass plug. She pulled it and moved it around as much as possible without popping
  it out. Sarah was moaning. Shay alternated between her pussy and the ass plug
  for the rest of the song and into the next. It was all I could do not to cum
  in Nikki's mouth as I watched this spectacle. I knew Sarah was going to cum
  if Shay kept this up much longer. I hope she didn't forget to ask for permission.
  A couple of minutes later it happened.
 With a thin sheet of perspiration on her and cooing noises coming from her
  throat, Sarah said it. &quot;Please Mistress. May I cum.&quot; I had to stop
  Nikki. I was primed and ready to explode, but I wanted to see this.
 &quot;First, tell me what you are.&quot; Shay commanded.
 &quot;Oh god. I'm a nasty, nasty slut who is begging to cum, Mistress. Please,
  let me cum.&quot;
 &quot;Cum for me you disgusting whore.&quot; And with a little cry my angle
  started to cum. As soon as she did, Shay brought her hand up to her nipple,
  pinched viciously and called her terrible names. Sarah humped Shay's leg while
  she came, making little Oh, Oh, Oh, noises. I had Nikki start in on me again.
  When Sarah was almost through I could no longer hold back. I pulled my cock
  out and sprayed Nikki's face and open mouth with a tremendous amount of the
  sticky goo. When I was done, Shay told Sarah &quot;Crawl over there and clean
  off Nikki's face like a nasty little slut would.&quot; Sarah crawled over to
  Nikki and they began to Kiss and lick each other's face. So erotic. I wish
  I had a tape of this. I would have liked to show it to Sarah. We let them do
  that for a few minutes.
 Finally I told Sarah to get dressed and wait for me out by the front door.
  She got up, got dressed and left. I shelled out another grand and thanked Nikki
  but told Shay I'd like to speak with her for a minute. When Nikki left I told
  Shay I liked her work and asked for her phone number so I could invite her
  over in a couple of weeks for a little one on one time with Sarah. She eagerly
  accepted, telling me she could have so much fun if they were in a secluded
  place. I thanked her and walked out to the front. I took hold of a zombie like
  Sarah and led her out the door and back to my car.
 I brought her around to the passenger side and felt up under her dress, playing
  with the ass plug. She leaned against the car, arched her back and buried her
  head into her arms. Just then I noticed three guys walking towards us. One
  of them noticed us and pointed it out to his friends. I whispered to Sarah,
  telling her to finger her cunt. She reached a hand down to her pussy and began
  fucking herself. As the guys neared they slowed down a bit, finally coming
  to a stop in between my car and the car next to me. I grabbed Sarah's hair
  and tilted her head so she was facing her audience. She opened her eyes and
  saw them, but never stopped fucking herself. I was still playing with the plug
  and the guys were standing there staring in astonishment. I was surprised and
  a little pleased that Sarah never protested. In fact she never took her eyes
  off of them. It wasn't long before she said &quot;Please Sir, May I cum?&quot;
 &quot;Yes my pet. You may cum.&quot; It was explosive. She closed her eyes
  as a moan escaped her lips, and her hips began to buck. She came for half a
  minute, occasionally opening her eyes to view her audience. Finally when she
  was done. I removed my hand form her butt plug and hair then unlocked the door.
  The guys were still starring at her in amazement and lust. I told her to show
  them her pussy and tell them what kind of girl she was. Without hesitation
  she turned to face them, lifted up her dress, pulled her panties aside and
  said.
 &quot;I'm a nasty slut.&quot; With those words she shuddered as a new, small
  orgasm hit her. I told her to get in the car. She backed up still starring
  at the guys showing her pussy. I saw that she had her finger on her clit. She
  sat down. I closed the door and got in my side. The three guys watched us drive
  off, dumbfounded.
 A mile down the road Sarah broke down. She began by crying like a baby. She
  wept for a long time. I brought her back to my place and carried her inside.
  I sat her down on the couch and held her telling her it was Ok. Eventually
  she stopped crying. I just held her, waiting for her to say something. It was
  only fifteen after twelve so I had some time.
 After a long time she asked &quot;Why?&quot;
 &quot;Why what, my angle?&quot;
 &quot;Why am I such a terrible person?&quot;
 &quot;Ohhhh, my love. Where did you get that idea?&quot;
 &quot;I-I liked it. Those nasty things I did with those girls. And....and
  then out in the parking lot.&quot; She began quietly weeping again.
 &quot;Shshshsh. That doesn't make you a terrible person. There are millions
  of people who like that kind of thing. That doesn't make them terrible people.
  I certainly don't think your a terrible person. I think your a kind and beautiful
  woman, who just needs a little direction. Your very special to me.&quot; She
  looked at me with love in her eyes. &quot;My life would be empty without you.
  And I could never care for a terrible person the way I care for you. I love
  you. You know that. I love everything about you. Your not a terrible person.&quot;
 &quot;Then what kind of person am I? What kind of person likes doing those
  things?&quot;
 &quot;Your a special person, Sarah. All kinds of people have fantasies like
  these, but the vast majority never get to experience them. You have been blessed
  because you found me. I open those doors for you. I make you live your fantasies
  and your fantasies are mine. We were meant for each other.&quot;
 &quot;Why do I feel so bad about it?&quot;
 &quot;It's natural to feel that way. That's what makes it so exciting. If
  you didn't feel so bad about doing them, then there would be no fun in doing
  them. You like the humiliation, the degradation. It turns you on, it excites
  you. It turns you on when I make you do it. Right?&quot; She nodded her head
  in the affirmative. &quot;The reason it excites you is because it's so taboo
  in your mind. If you didn't have these notions about it, then it wouldn't be
  exciting. Do you understand what I'm saying?&quot;
 &quot;I think so. Your saying it's Ok for me to feel this way. That it's
  a normal thing.&quot;
 &quot;Yes my pet. It's very normal.&quot;
 After a few minutes, she said. &quot;So, you love me?&quot;
 I think the crisis had passed. &quot;Yes, Sarah. I love you deeply. I have
  been looking for a girl like you for a long time. Now that I found you I'll
  never let you go.&quot;
 &quot;I love you too.&quot; I kissed her tenderly and held her for a few
  more minutes.
 &quot;It's time for you to go home. Would you like to take the but plug out,
  or should I?&quot;
 &quot;I don't want to leave...ever.&quot;
 &quot;Ohhh. I know you don't. I don't want you to leave either but you have
  to. Your mother would freak out if you never came home again.&quot;
 She giggled at that. &quot;I guess your right. I hope that someday we can
  be together for good.&quot;
 &quot;Someday we will. I promise.&quot; This time she kissed me, passionately.
  She pulled away and I saw in her face that everything was going to be alright.
  We had just turned a corner in our relationship.
 She looked at me with pouting lips and puppy dog eyes and said in her sweetest
  'little girl' voice. &quot;Will you please pull my but plug out for me, Sir.&quot;
 I smiled and said &quot;On your hands and knees, naughty girl.&quot; She
  obliged. So adorable, on hands and knees with back arched, ass facing me, her
  head turned towards me with that innocent face staring up at me. It was truly
  beautiful. I reached for her skirt and pulled it up. My heart fluttered a little
  at the sight of her perfect ass, filled with that plug. I couldn't believe
  I had a girl like this as my very own. I touched the plug. She took a sharp
  breath. She hung her head, as I started pulling gently on her ass plug. I pulled
  with ever increasing force until it finally popped out with a gooey slurping
  sound. She gave a quiet sigh.
 I thought about her all night long.
Chapter V

 The next morning, I woke up early, feeling very good about the how well Sarah
  handled last night. Her training was going extremely well. I was on cloud nine.
  My life had never been better and I couldn't imagine how it would get much
  better.
 I felt that tonight was the right night to fuck her. A reward for being such
  an obedient girl. But not before I punished her for the unauthorized orgasm
  in the parking lot. Yes, tonight would be allot of fun, but today, I had some
  important renovations on the house to start.
 I had bought a wireless video system a few weeks ago with the intentions
  of installing it soon. I had been slacking in that department, but now I had
  the energy to get it done and that was the only thing on my list of 'shit to
  do'. It was a very advanced system. Small cameras that had unbelievable picture
  quality. Some cameras even had zoom and pan functions. It all worked on an
  industrial quality high bandwidth wireless network. I spent the morning setting
  the network up and testing it. I performed some very severe security tests.
  The last thing I wanted was anyone intercepting the signal it would be broadcasting.
  That would be very bad. 
 I knew a decent amount about computers, but I wanted help from a security
  expert. I found a guy on the internet who really knows his stuff. This was
  his job and I felt comfortable asking for his help. He was now securing the
  files and setting up my wirelesses network so it would be very secure. We spoke
  on the phone as he was doing his job, and I watched the computer to see what
  he was doing. Most of the stuff he was uploading were programs he had written
  for my specific network. After he was done, I sent him the money through a
  Pay Pal account and hung up. 
 Next, I went over to the wireless router and unplugged the cable connecting
  it to the internet. Now if the guru left any backdoors open on the network,
  he couldn't just connect form the safety of his home. He would have to fly
  out and sit in front of my house with a transceiver to break in. I thought
  the possibility of that happening was very remote especially since he didn't
  know where I lived. The Pay Pal account I used wasn't registered to me and
  I had caller ID blocked on my house phone.
 After I felt good about the security, I had to decide where the cameras would
  be placed, so I spent the rest of the afternoon placing and testing the cameras.
  This took much longer than I thought because they all had to be hidden and
  have a good view. I only got a handful placed before I figured Sarah would
  call. I cleaned up and spent my time awaiting Sarah watching TV. 
 She never called.

 I went to bed that night a little worried. She had never missed a day and
  if she did, she had always had very good excuses. The last time she didn't
  come over, she had to go to an away game to cheer, but she had called me before
  hand to inform me of the problem. This time I received no notice what-so-ever. 
 Still, I wasn't too worried as I didn't really expect her to willingly miss
  time with me. I was quite sure I would find out what the problem was tomorrow
  after school. This was also an excellent excuse to punish her more. I fell
  asleep thinking about how I would achieve that and slept soundly.

 I awoke in the morning and immediately started back on my camera project.
  Yesterday had taught me allot about the difficulties of properly hiding cameras.
  It wasn't so much the fact that hiding them was hard, but trying to hide them
  while also keeping them in the optimal position to capture any action was really
  the tough part. Especially the cameras that moved. They were, of course, allot
  larger than the tiny stationary cameras. I had actually gotten so frustrated
  with the panning cameras yesterday that I had decided to try and mount them
  in the ceiling.
 Today, I would give it a try. I went down to an audio/video store and browsed
  through their security department. I found just the right thing. A smoked glass
  bubble that was five inches in diameter. Next I went to a home improvement
  store and bought a stud finder, a six foot step ladder and a saw to cut a hole
  in the ceiling. I had some help from one of the associates and he also suggested
  that I buy a bit for my drill to drill a pilot hole for my saw. Yeah, I hadn't
  thought of that, but it makes sense after someone explains it to you. Oh well,
  that's why construction workers get paid the big bucks.
 I got home and decided to try out my hole cutting skills in an area that
  no one would see. I picked my walk in closet. I removed all the clothes so
  I wouldn't get little pieces of drywall on them, set up my ladder, found a
  void and started drilling. Then I used the saw to cut a five inch hole. Next,
  I mounted the camera using the supplied hardware to the plywood that made up
  the floor of the next level then screwed down the smoked glass bubble. 
 I went over to the master computer and tested my setup. The software that
  came with the setup was first rate. I could chose between any camera and the
  ones that moved could be manipulated through the use of the mouse. The camera
  that I had setup could pan 180 degrees in any direction. The picture quality
  was perhaps better on these cameras than the smaller ones and the smoked glass
  didn't tint the picture enough for me to really notice. Another advantage of
  the movable cameras was the fact that they could be set for low light situations,
  using an infrared light. The smoked glass did interfere with this function.
  That was a bummer. 
 Another interesting feature of the software was the fact that you could setup
  a recording scenario using the software's own motion sensing abilities. The
  computer would monitor all the cameras and anytime it sensed motion on the
  screen, it would start recording. The problem with this was after 30 seconds
  of no motion in a room, it would stop recording. That was likely to happen
  as Sarah was sure to be restrained in a manner that left her motionless. 
 I had thought of several ways to overcome this problem. One was to get the
  biggest hard drives I could get and just continuously record and then erase
  at the end of a day. I quickly realized that it would be very tedious to comb
  through all the video every day and save the parts that were good. So, I decided
  to do it a different way.
 At the Audio/video store I had seen an interesting device. It was a thermal
  detector. It worked off of body heat. Anytime someone was in a room, it would
  know from the heat given off by that person and trip an alarm. I didn't want
  to trip an alarm, just the cameras. So, after I finished installing the panning
  cameras, I started in on some research. 
 I quickly found what I was looking for. Again, this was an industrial type
  device, it detected body heat and could be hooked up using Ethernet cable to
  the central unit and after digging into the camera software, I realized that
  provisions had been made to setup something like this. This solution looked
  very promising. I ordered one for each camera.
 At the end of the day, I had all the cameras setup and the only thing left
  was to wait for the triggering devices. I was very happy with the system so
  far. Now I needed to test it. I waited for my angle's call. 
 It never came.

 This was starting to get very disturbing. I began to think over the past
  few weeks. Dissecting every day and every activity. It all kept coming back
  to the night at Sammy's. I thought we had left on decent terms that night.
  She seemed OK with what had happened after I had a chance to explain it to
  her. I dropped her off at her house and she kissed me and smiled before she
  left the car. 
 Maybe someone recognized her. That would mean big trouble for me. But, if
  that had happened, it surely wouldn't take two days for the shoe to drop. She
  surely would have called to give me a heads up. Right? I wasn't sure of anything.
  The uncertainty only led to more concern and more questions. Have I lost her?
  Does her mother suspect anything? 
 I thought through all the scenarios late into the morning hours. Finally
  I went to sleep out of pure exhaustion. 

 The next morning I woke and resigned myself to the fact that, for whatever
  reason, she simply hadn't been around. I felt it wouldn't be productive for
  me to think about the many possibilities for why it happened, and just decided
  to concentrate on a strategy. 
 If she didn't come over because she was having second thoughts, and I called
  her to ask, it would jeopardize any future dominance I might have over her.
  I needed to stay strong and not be the first to call in that scenario. If,
  however, she hadn't called because someone knew....no, she would have found
  a way to call me. I just didn't think that was likely. Especially since I hadn't
  had to answered the door for the local police yet. Surely, they would have
  at least invited me down to the station house for some questioning by now. 
 I decided that I wouldn't call her. The likelihood that she, for some reason,
  had cold feet was far greater than any other scenario I felt. Thus, my response
  would be directed solely at that. I would stay strong and show her who was
  in control by not giving in to her tantrum. I would not be the first to initiate
  contact. I would turn the tables on her and make her worry about the lack of
  contact from me. If she truly wanted to break ties with me, then my calling
  her wouldn't do any good. If she was trying to gain back some of the initiative
  in the relationship, then my silence would be a fantastic way to make sure
  that doesn't happen. I wanted her to know that she needed me more than I needed
  her, even if it might not be true. Once she realized that, the game would be
  over. 
 If it was a game. 
 The more I thought about possibly losing her, the more depressed I became.
  She was absolutely perfect and I was sure I would never find anyone who could
  compare. By Thursday my depression had hit an all time low and I realized this.
  I decided it was fruitless to whine about the situation. If she wanted me,
  she would be back. If she didn't I felt there wasn't anything I could do about
  it and keep my dominance over her. 
 My dominance. That was my prime requisite. She was a fantastic girl. I knew
  that, but the relationship would get very stale, very quickly for me if I didn't
  maintain it. This realization suddenly brought me out of my low state of mind.
  Yes, there were really only three possibilities here and two of them weren't
  good. 
 Possibility one: She broke the relationship off because she just can't handle
  the demands I place on her. Vary bad.
 Possibility two: We didn't break off the relationship because she had some
  requirements and I gave into them. Shortly thereafter I became bored with her
  and I broke it off. Just as bad. In this situation I didn't see how I would
  be able to gain back the dominance over her I had before if she knew I would
  be willing to concede certain aspects from my prior actions. No, it would inevitably
  lead to a break up.
 Possibility three: After some time to think about it, and me, she came groveling
  back, begging for forgiveness. Only now she would be even more submissive and
  pliable. Extremely good.
 I was hoping for option three to pan out. In the mean time, I thought of
  what I might say if she ever called me again. I had to take the initiative
  and most importantly, I had to make sure she knew how displeased I was with
  her. If this ever took place, I knew the day would be very emotional for her...and
  probably me too.
 She didn't call me until Saturday.
&nbsp;
 I awoke that morning well before 8:00. I just couldn't sleep. I went down
  to the pool and swam for 30 minutes, then made some breakfast and sat down
  in front of the boob tube. At 9:42 she called. I knew it was her from the caller
  ID on my cell phone. On the fourth ring I answered without emotion.
 &quot;Hello Sarah.&quot;
 &quot;Ummmm...hi.&quot; I let the silence hang in the air and she didn't
  speak for several seconds. Finally &quot;We need to talk.&quot; 
 I thought about this for a few seconds. This was very crucial. From the tone
  of her voice I knew she wanted to see me again, but I also knew she wanted
  to talk about what had been happening to her. I felt as though she would try
  to put restrictions on our relationship and I needed to nip it in the butt
  right now. Once again I spoke in a flat, professional tone. &quot;That's fine.
  Be at my house by noon. Don't be late. OK?&quot;
 &quot;Wait..uhhh. I don't...Ummm, are you going to pick me up?&quot;
 &quot;No.&quot;
 &quot;But...I don't..... have a way to get over there.&quot;
 &quot;Well, I'm sure you can figure something out, Sarah. Don't be late.&quot; I
  hung up.
 I second guessed myself after I hung up. That may have been a tad too harsh.
  Well, if it was, it was too late to do anything about it. Still, I couldn't
  help feeling a little pissed at myself for letting my emotions get hold of
  me like that. However, if she showed, that action would solidify my dominance.
  It would be very hard for her to negotiate after she had made such a huge effort
  to see me. 

 The doorbell rang at 11:39. I answered it and her beauty nearly took my breath
  away. She was standing there in a pair of jeans shorts that were cut very high
  and tight. She had on a red polo shirt that didn't quite cover her belly button.
  She was wearing brand new white tennis shoes on her feet with white ankle socks.
  Her hair was in a pony tail and she was even wearing a bit of makeup. The outfit
  was chosen to excite, but at the same time seem aloof. She was a clever girl.
 I resisted the urge to touch her and welcomed her inside. I had a plan of
  action already thought out. I need to get her in a position of submissiveness
  before she started. So, as soon as I shut the door I began to speak. 
 &quot;Sarah, take your shoes and socks off.&quot; Again, this was my professional
  voice and she didn't seem to have any problem with the command. &quot;Are you
  wearing a bra?&quot; She looked at me with astonishment and then she decided
  to speak. I stopped her after only a few words. &quot;Answered my question,
  Sarah.&quot; She nodded her head and began to speak. I stopped her again. &quot;Sarah,
  you will have your say, but first you need to take your bra off and those shorts.
  You cannot speak until you do that. If you don't want to do that, then you
  will have to leave. Do you understand?&quot; For the first time ever, I saw
  her anger. She burst through again with a boisterous protest.
 &quot;Wait a minute! All I want to do is talk! We need to get some things
  straight first..RIGHT NOW!&quot;
 I calmly stood there and looked at her for a few seconds then I opened the
  door back up. &quot;Don't forget your shoes and socks on your way out.&quot; She
  looked determined. I was actually a little scared. It seemed like she was going
  to walk right out. And in fact, that's just what she did. 
 She bent down, picked her shoes and socks up and walked right out the door.
  I wanted to call to her. I wanted to say I was sorry. I wanted to do anything
  to keep her from walking away from me, but I didn't. I calmly closed the door
  behind her. I went over to the couch, sat down and in a daze thought about
  what had just happened. I wanted to cry, but I didn't. It just wasn't meant
  to be. 

 At exactly 12:01 she knocked on my door again. I opened it and there she
  was, sobbing like a three year old. In between sobs she managed to say that
  she just wanted to talk. I looked at her and told her that she could talk to
  me, but she would need to do as I told her. I invited her inside and with a
  small amount of hesitation she walked back into my life.
 As she began pulling her shoes off, she told me that's what she wanted to
  talk about. Now I had confirmation that yes, she was apprehensive about the
  things I made her do. I quickly shushed her and said that she could talk only
  when she was in her panties and shirt. Not before.
 She continued taking her socks off, all the while quietly sobbing. Next,
  she reluctantly stood up and took her bra off without ever giving me a peek
  at anything. Finally she stood there and looked at me and asked the most heartbreaking
  thing I've ever heard.
 &quot;Don't you love me?&quot;
 I wasn't sure how to respond. After a few moments I said. &quot;Yes Sarah.
  I do love you. None of that's changed. And it's not likely to ever change.
  Nevertheless, you need to do as you're told and take those shorts off.&quot;
 She stood there for a few moments more. Her eyes were begging me. At this
  point I knew she was going to comply, and she knew she would comply. I believe
  she also realized that she had just lost the battle. She simply couldn't live
  without me and she would be willing to do anything I said. But that didn't
  stop her from screwing up her determination to try and gain back some initiative.
  Only, that wouldn't happen until after she stripped down to her panties. 
 Her hand made a slow, reluctant trip down to the button on the shorts. She
  fumbled with it for a few seconds and got it undone. After it was unbuttoned,
  she pleaded again. I just stood there, with my hand on the door handle. She
  slowly unzipped and dropped her shorts. I really wanted to touch her pussy
  now, but maintained control. 
 She was wearing a pair of tiny red silk thong panties that I had bought for
  her. This surprised me and made everything even more clear. She had come over
  here wearing panties she knows I liked. Panties that showed off her body. Most
  of all, they were panties that would most assuredly have an emotional attachment
  to me. I was sure she thought she would come over here, make her demands, then
  after I had excepted, she would seduce me with those panties and we would have
  makeup sex. The first time she would ever make love. I blew her plan all to
  hell and back. I had to suppress a smile while at the same time resist the
  urge to bend her over my couch and fuck her like the tasty little tart she
  is. 
 She stepped out of her shorts and covered her panties with her hands. I walked
  over to the living room and she followed. I sat down on the couch and she began
  to sit also. I stopped her and told her to kneel in the middle of the living
  room. She protested again. I pointed to the floor about five feet in front
  of me and snapped my fingers. She closed her eyes and reluctantly moved. Finally,
  I had her in the position I wanted. She was in her tight cotton polo shirt
  in the tiny red thong panties I had bought her, sitting on her heels on my
  living room floor. Perfectly submissive. I waited for her to talk.

 &quot;I..I've been thinking allot about you and me. I...Some of the things
  you do to me don't make me feel right.&quot; I let her continue. &quot;After
  the night at the..club....I...felt weird. I felt dirty. I thought about what
  I had done and some of the stuff that I've done before that and it just doesn't
  feel right.&quot; I interjected.
 &quot;But you do enjoy yourself while it's happening.&quot;
 &quot;Well...um...a little. But..&quot;
 &quot;No, not a little. You cum for me like a little tramp. You can't get
  enough. I know you better than you know yourself Sarah&quot; I said. &quot;NO!..
  I mean, that's not it. I..yes, I do c-c-cum when you..you know.&quot; Her face
  was getting red. It was very embarrassing for me to point this out. She wants
  to be strong here, but her body has betrayed her too many times. &quot;But,
  I don't always feel right when I do. It's&iexcl;&shy; it's not like a normal
  thing and I'm just not very comfortable. I mean, even during. I..yes, you're
  right. I do cum, but I always feel strange about it when I do. When you make
  me do those things.&quot;
 &quot;I see.&quot; She wasn't quite finished yet.
 &quot;I mean, can't we have a more normal relationship? We can still play
  I mean, just not so...so, well, you know.&quot;
 &quot;No, I don't explain it to me.&quot;
 She looked away. Her face was beat red. &quot;Well, I don't like the thing
  with the girls. That's just way too weird for me. And, really, I don't like
  the...you know...ummm....the butt things. I mean, it would be fine except it
  hurts and I get kind of scared. But, the thing I really didn't like, was the
  embarrassment in that room...you know..in front of those girls....and Mr. Epstien.
  I don't know, the whole experience....it...well, I just don't want to do things
  like that anymore. I mean...we can...you know still have fun. Like, you can
  tie me up and...well...it's Ok if you spank me and stuff. But, you know...I
  just want to have some normal time with you too. I mean, you're always wanting
  me to do things and we never just sit and talk anymore. I guess, I just...I
  don't want the things you do to be sooo...you know, 24-7. And, I mean...you...well...it's
  like I said before. I like some of the stuff we do. I mean, you know it's kind
  of fun and all, but the night at the club was...not nice. I want to have a
  more normal relationship with you. That's all.&quot;
 &quot;You seemed to be Ok with it when you left. And you seemed Ok with it
  while we were there. So, what happened?&quot; I was really interested in this
  answered. It would definitely be good to know what happened to make her all
  of a sudden freak out on me like that. 
 &quot;I mean... yes. I know. I..I don't know. When I get..you know.. horny..I
  .. Well, I guess it's like this. I mean, you brought me there and then made
  me do those things with that other girl and I was..yeah...I mean I was horny
  but not because...Oh I don't know...I mean, I didn't really like it. It was
  disgusting.&quot;
 This was very interesting. I had no idea that she felt this way. Had I been
  reading her wrong all along? So, even though she gets horny and gets off on
  it, she still hates doing that stuff? I had to ask. &quot;So, even after our
  talk, you felt shame? Shame at what your body did? You couldn't control yourself
  even though you hated what was happening?&quot;
 I had hit the nail on the head. The word shame seemed to be exactly the word
  she was looking for because her response was very animated. I could see the
  relief spread across her face that I understood in better terms than she did
  about what had happened. &quot;YES, that's it exactly!&quot;
 &quot;I see.&quot; I got up and went into the kitchen and she began to speak
  again. I told her to be quiet. I had to think about this.
 This was very interesting. I thought her inhibitions were much less than
  most other girls. Obviously they were, but not nearly as much as I had assumed.
  However, she could have stopped everything we had done over the past few weeks
  dead in their tracks. She didn't and there were two reasons, I felt, why she
  didn't stop it. 
 One was clearly she had been having fun experimenting initially. She got
  off on everything I've had her do and some of it was actually fun for her.
  Clearly the light bondage was a huge turn on. Well, it seems everything was
  a turn on. But she could compartmentalize the arousal from the fun. Yes, that
  was interesting. But still, initially, I had gone slow enough in her introduction
  to make her realize that she was at least into the light stuff. That had facilitated
  her acceptance of some of the dirtier things I had made her do. I would bet
  my fortune that she was a very confused little girl until the night at the
  club.
 The second reason, and this was probably the biggest reason, she didn't stop
  it was because she adored me. I could tell whenever I looked into her eyes.
  She worshipped the ground I walked on. Suddenly I realized that there probably
  wasn't anything she wouldn't do to gain my praise and acceptance. This was
  more than likely a product of her youth. It doesn't take a rocket scientist
  to realize that 15 year old girls come with a lot of insecurities about who
  they are, what they want and mostly about acceptance in society. She desperately
  wanted my acceptance. Yes. I realized, she wanted me very badly. I would be
  the catch of her life. I was her knight in shining armor.
 Well, for whatever reason, she had just opened up to me in a way that she
  never had before. She was completely honest and I loved her for it. But, her
  honesty would come back to bite her. 
 I guess you could say I'm an asshole. That's fine, I'll take the criticism.
  After all, I was going to use this very open and personal information against
  her to mold her into the very things she was arguing against. I knew I could
  do this because I knew she already lost. She lost because she was kneeling
  in her cute little red panties with no bra on, in the middle of my living room
  floor, patiently awaiting my return. No, she would do the things she hated
  precisely because of her insecurities. She would do the things she hated because
  she desperately wanted me to accept her. She would do the things she hated
  out of love. 
 As I thought this out, I walked around to the kitchen door and looked at
  her. She was getting very uncomfortable. and very nervous. I walked over to
  the couch and sat down. Finally I answered. &quot;Sarah, I'm not looking for
  a normal relationship. I can only promise that you will have my undying affection.
  But, I will not change the nature of our relationship. This leaves you with
  only one recourse. You can leave me.&quot; I let that hang in the air for a
  few moments.
 Finally I said, &quot;But I know, and you know, that will never happen. Just
  as the sun will rise tomorrow, you will never leave me. You will never find
  another man as exciting, as confident, a man as good as me. You know that don't
  you.&quot; With tears welled up in her eyes, she nodded her head. &quot;You
  must understand this, Sarah. You knew it the second you walked in my door that
  you would continue to do whatever I ask. Didn't you?&quot;
 &quot;Yes.&quot; she choked out.
 &quot;Yes, that's exactly it. You will be the one to submit to whatever my
  desires are. Even my most depraved fantasies wont be turned down by you. Will
  they?&quot; She shook her head. &quot;Say it.&quot;
 &quot;No Sir. They...won't.&quot;
 &quot;Even if you don't particularly like it, you will still do it, because
  you know it pleases me. And that's your greatest pleasure. That's your purpose
  in this relationship. To please me. More than anything in life, right now you
  want to make me happy.&quot; She was full on sobbing now and nodding her head
  in the affirmative at every sentence. She was truly broke and resigned to her
  place in my life. She now realized that no matter what I wanted her to do,
  even the most disgusting thing she could think of, she would do it. That realization
  freed her soul and terrified her mind all at once. 
 The emotion of the situation finally got to her and she fell forward clinging
  to my ankle pleading for my forgiveness. 'Please take her back. She was going
  to be a good girl, she promised'. At that point a big weight had been lifted
  off my chest. I felt even better than I had the morning after the club. I could
  not suppress a grin, but it didn't matter. She was now kissing my shoe, all
  the while begging me for forgiveness and promising to make it up to me.
 As she knelt there prostrate before me, It began to sink in that our relationship
  had changed. All along I had been under the assumption that our journey was
  a very mutual one. That she enjoyed the experiences and looked forward to the
  next one. I had been wrong. In actuality most of what we did was not to her
  liking. Ah sure, it had started out fun, with a little light bondage and spanking.
  She was into that. But, after the night at the club she realized how far the
  rabbit hole went and she tried to put the brakes on. From now on I would have
  to lead her around with a firm hand and conviction in my heart. She was no
  longer a willing submissive. 
 This made me realize that now I was in essence playing a game of blackmail
  with her. I was using her emotions as my currency. Her love, her adoration,
  her idolization against her. This put a whole new spin on things and actually
  piqued my curiosity about the game. Oh, this would make things much more fun. 
 Yes, I guess you're right. I'm an asshole. So be it.
Chapter VI

 I let her stay there, kissing my shoes and begging like a common street whore
  for a few minutes. Finally I stood up and walked behind her. She was very nervous
  now. Her eyes followed me until she couldn't see me anymore. She was looking
  straight ahead now. I told her to get up and she immediately did. That ass
  was just so nice to look at. A better ass God never did make. 
 Next, I instructed her to go to the corner of the of the room and stand there
  with her nose firmly planted in it while I decided what to do with her. I went
  into my study and shut the door. Quickly I turned on the new camera equipment
  I had bought and watched her.
 I now had to decide what the next best plan of action should be. This got
  me excited and that led me to remember that I still hadn't fucked her yet.
  Well, the time was almost right but first, I wanted to decorate her body with
  a few piercings. This should further cement her submissive position and I thought
  that a few piercings would look wonderful. I decided to tell her, then punish
  her and finally send her home to think about it. 
 I went back downstairs and saw her, obediently standing in the corner, waiting
  for the rest of her punishment. I walked to her and put my arm around her waist
  and quickly pulled her to me for an embrace. She clutched me and began to cry
  once more telling me how sorry she was and asking me for forgiveness. 
 I stood there holding her and let her cry it out. After she had quieted down
  I stood back and gazed down at her. &quot;Sarah, on Monday, you will prove
  to me your willingness to be with me. You will prove to yourself how much you
  want to be with me. Because on Monday, I'm going to mark you as mine.&quot; I
  continued to look her directly in the eyes as I spoke. &quot;On Monday, I'm
  going to take you to get your nipples pierced.&quot; I studied her face and
  I could see a look of concern come over her. But what she heard next would
  really be the test. &quot;I'm also going to have your clit pierced.&quot; She
  closed her eyes and I thought she would cry again. 
 But she only whispered, &quot;Yes sir. Thank you sir. I wont let you down.&quot; The
  tension in her body was immense, I could see it and feel it. The thought of
  her getting her clit pierced was terrifying. But she was willing to do it without
  protest. That was promising, until she spoke again. 
 &quot;But sir. Ummm, how will I..I mean, I want to do it for you, I really
  do, but at school. You know in the locker room. the other girls will see it
  and....&quot; She was looking up at me hoping she had made a strong enough
  case against the idea. I was ready for it because I had thought about this
  situation before. 
 &quot;Sarah. It's going to happen. You need to figure out a way to avoid
  embarrassing questions. As a matter of fact, how do you avoid embarrassing
  questions about your bald pussy?&quot; I was right of course. I had long expected
  her to relay to me at least one inquiry she got from one of her girl friends
  about it, but over the past several weeks she never mentioned it. This was
  the deciding factor. I figured she had found a way to gain privacy with regards
  to the locker room. Her pleas were completely transparent to me as not a plea
  for discretion, but a way in which she might be able to avoid what she didn't
  want to happen. When I asked her about her bald pussy, she knew she had been
  caught and she clearly was ashamed. I didn't press it.
 I sat down and told her to lay over my lap. It was time for her punishment.
  She bit her lip and reluctantly walked over to me. Damn she was a hot little
  thing! She lay herself over my lap with her ass sticking up slightly. I gave
  her the first smack with my bare hand. It was hard, very hard. She yelped and
  her hands immediately went to sooth her stinging ass. 
 &quot;Remove your hands, you naughty girl.&quot; She did but before I gave
  her the next swat, I admonished her further. 
 &quot;You've really disappointed me Sarah.&quot; SMAK!
 &quot;You've carried on and begged and pleaded and got down on your hands
  and knees&quot; SMAK!
 &quot;And through it all, you did not once, ask for the punishment you so
  rightly deserve.&quot; SMAK! She was crying now.
 &quot;That's very unfortunate.&quot; SMAK! These swats were all extremely
  hard and I, in between each one, was fighting her attempts to cover her ass
  with her hands.
 &quot;It shows me that you have a long way to go.&quot; SMAK!
 &quot;It shows me that all the work we've done up to now has been for naught.&quot; SMAK!
 &quot;I've been too easy on you.&quot; SMAK!
 &quot;I'm going to have to get much more strict.&quot; SMAK!
 &quot;Yes, it's going to be much tougher from here on out.&quot; SMAK!
 &quot;From now on, whenever you think you've been bad. Whenever you believe
  there is a slight possibility that you've disappointed me, you will ask, with
  conviction, for your rightful punishment. I want you to suggest a punishment.
  Don't go easy with the suggestion either. If you try to slink away from it,
  I'll make it ten times worse than it could have been. Do you understand?&quot;
 She cried out. &quot;YES SIR!! YES SIR, I'M SOOO SORRY.&quot;
 For the tenth and final swat, I put my full force into it. She hadn't yet
  experienced that, and she wont soon forget it. It was hard enough to make her
  fall off my lap. I was sure it would leave a bruise. Yes, I believed I drove
  my point home. But just in case, I would bring a little humiliation into it.
  I now know how much she hates that.
 So, I got up, went over to the door, picked up her clothes and tossed them
  out onto the lawn. Then I walked over to her and forcibly picked her off the
  floor and drug her towards the door. As I did I explained &quot;Go home and
  think about it. After school on Monday, I want you here ready to get pierced.
  Do you understand?&quot;
 She mumbled. &quot;Yes sir.&quot; and I tossed her out, locking the door
  behind me.

 The rest of the day was spent thinking about what she had told me and my
  fumbling of the whole situation. I had almost lost her. I had come within a
  hair's breath of loosing the best thing that had ever happened to me! Stupid!
  Stupid! Stupid!
 At least it turned out Ok. No, wait. It had turned out much better than Ok.
  Now I knew that I could get away with practically anything I wanted to do to
  her. She definitely wasn't going to go anywhere now, no matter how much she
  hated the things I did. Yes, I had to come up with a whole new strategy. No,
  not a new strategy. A whole new game. It just switched from checkers to chess.
 I decided that I would exert more and more control over her public life.
  Not just the time she spent with me. No, the time she spent at school, at home,
  at play. The piercing would be an excellent first step. It would be a constant
  reminder of our renewed relationship. It would be uncomfortable and comforting
  at the same time. 
 The second step would be to get her a new, sexier wardrobe. That may be a
  bit difficult as mom would have to be worked around. Yes, mom. That does throw
  a monkey wrench into things. I would have to figure out a way to deal with
  that. 
 I went to sleep that night brainstorming about the 'mom' situation.

 On Sunday, I woke up with a clear head. I had actually thought of several
  ways to deal with the 'mom' situation. 
 Plan 'A'; I would simply ask if Sarah could move in with me. I considered
  this plan extremely risky. I would have to show all my cards and there would
  be no way for me to back out of it if things went sour. There were other problems
  too. This was a last resort.
 Plan 'B' was quickly dismissed as a non option. I was actually astounded
  that it would have come to me. But, murder wasn't in my nature. Nope, I would
  rather loose Sarah than sink to that level.
 No, plan 'C' was the best idea. Sometimes I forget that I have all this money.
  I know, it seems strange, but for a guy like me, it's actually easy to do.
  I don't spend, spend, spend like allot of lotto winners do. Sure, I have my
  nights out on the town. I like to go on expensive trips every now and again.
  But really, I mostly just stay low key and enjoy the things I acquired in my
  first few months of wealth. Like this house and my fast cars. I've thought
  about getting a pilot's license and buying a plane or, getting a boat. But
  really, I just enjoy the simple things in life. Consequently, my bank account
  has only gotten bigger over the past five years, even after the initial spending
  spree. So, it's easy to see how, every now and then, I overlook what money
  can do. But, my brainstorm last night would have to take full advantage of
  it. This is something I hadn't yet done. I would have to buy off some people.
 Oh yes, the plan was actually very clever. I have a financial advisor. He
  and I have actually become good friends. He's invited me to some of his social
  gatherings and as a result I've met many more influential people. Let me back
  up a bit. 
 You see, the Panhandle of Florida is very remote. It's sparsely populated
  and allot of counties are actually quite poor. In fact, the locals call the
  panhandle 'L.A.' That stands for Lower Alabama. Consequently, the influential
  locals you meet are very influential. I had met the COO of a hospital four
  counties away at one of Tom's parties. Tom is my financial advisor. I knew
  that this man is a client of Tom's. 
 My plan was simple, yet a little risky. I would get Tom to have this guy
  recruit 'mom' to work at the hospital for a nice sum of money. But, you say,
  that would mean that Sarah would have to move away! This is the tricky part.
  Kids hate moving away from their friends. I would get Sarah to beg and pleaded
  with 'mom' to let her stay with me. On the weekends, I would send Sarah to
  visit with 'mom' and the rest of the time I would have Sarah all to myself.
  I hoped that eventually, the visits would become more rare. The nice thing
  about this plan is that if 'mom' didn't give in, I could just have Mr. COO
  rescind the job offer and everything would be back to normal. Brilliant! Now
  I would have to see if Mr. COO could be greased.
 I talked to Tom at noon. He had just come back form church. I had laid out
  my plan, indicating that 'mom' was a friend I was trying to help out. You know,
  the sad story about how she hates her job, she doesn't get paid enough, and
  she has to work nights....blah, blah, blah. I made sure to tell Tom that if
  'mom' ever knew I was doing this for her, she would never talk to me again.
  She was very independent, I lied. I explained how I would be willing to make
  a generous donation to the hospital and perhaps even subsidize a portion of
  'mom's' salary. Perhaps Mr. COO wanted a new car or something.
 Of course he thought it was a very noble thing for me to do and agreed to
  have a talk with Mr. COO. He would get back to me soon. So far, so good.

 Monday rolled around and in anticipation of this evening's events, I made
  a few phone calls. One was to Anastasia. 
 She was referred to me by one of the strippers. I had made inquires about
  her doing some piercings on Sarah a week or two ago. Specifically about a clit
  piercing. Out talk had been lengthy and very educational. 
 Apparently, clit piercings are very rare. There are a number of things to
  worry about for the wearer and the piercer. Both before and after. The problem
  lies in the delicate nature of the clit. Infection can be catastrophic and
  know-how is paramount. If a clit piercing is done wrong, the wearer could lose
  her rosebud of pleasure. To top it off, not every female has a clit that can
  be pierced. So, each candidate has to be closely inspected. For those reasons,
  there aren't too many piercers who are willing to do a clit piercing. Anastasia,
  or Anna as she likes to be called, is one of the few in the state who can do
  it. She has the experience too. Evidently, she's done several dozen, often
  traveling all over the southeast to do it. 
 All this surprised me and I let her know that. She informed me that most &quot;clit&quot; piercings
  are actually clit hood piercings. Not actually penetrating the delicate flesh
  of the clit. Clit piercings also almost always have the side effect of making
  the clit much more sensitive to both pleasure and pain. She also informed me
  that the hood can be pulled back before the needle is inserted in such a manner
  that the clit is permanently exposed. This will induce a constant stimulation
  to the clit and as such, nearly constant arousal. One side effect with this
  is that, if the wearer isn't careful, the tissue of the clit can become hard
  and calloused, leading to an eventual and permanent damaging of the nerves.
  Of course this has the opposite effect to arousal. But, by wearing only the
  best silks, and proper maintenance, an exposed clit can be very erotic.
 This was all music to my ears. I had been thinking about it since the day
  I talked to her, and now I was calling to make an appointment. Fortunately,
  she was receptive to doing the piercing after hours. The price was high for
  all this though. I didn't care. 
 Anna also made some recommendations as to what were and where to get the
  proper undergarments. I, of course already had a box full of Sarah's new panties.
  Quite costly I might add, but the quality was unsurpassed. Every pair was a
  thong or T back. All were made of the finest silks woven by the finest garment
  makes available. Each was handmade. I had no idea that any of this existed
  before, but their fabric selection was astounding and given the correct measurements,
  any and every cut imaginable could be made. 

 Sarah called just as school was letting out. She was walking over and would
  be at my door in 10 minutes. I passed the time by pacing up and down the hallway,
  peeking out the windows periodically waiting for her to walk down my driveway.
 Finally she showed. Today, she was wearing a pair of tight fitting jeans
  with a very cute pink T shirt that, once again exposed a generous portion of
  midriff. The shirt proclaimed that Sarah was a &quot;Princess&quot;. Cute. 
 As soon as Sarah came in I told her to take her bra off. She immediately
  complied and we headed out to the car. On the ride over there she relayed to
  me how scarred she was and once again begged me to hold off on the &quot;clit
  thing&quot;. I flatly refused and the rest of the ride was completed in silence
  with her wringing her hands. 
 We showed up at the salon where Anna does all her piercings. As Anna unlocked
  the door for us, I couldn't help but notice how high class the place was. I
  wondered how the stripper ever knew about it. My thoughts were interrupted
  as Anna ushered us inside. 
 She had a few pieces of paper work for Sarah to fill out and she ran my credit
  card for later billing. The paperwork consisted of a short medical history
  form , a consent form and last but not least, she asked to see Sarah's ID.
  I had already informed Sarah that she should make sure she showed the fake
  ID as underage teens can't get piercings without a parent's consent. I wasn't
  a parent.
 She led us back, past the styling stations to a room, where Sarah and I were
  asked to put on a germ mask and booties that you see doctors wear in the hospital.
  I had no idea that it would be this clean. It was reassuring. We entered the
  room and it looked much like any doctor's office. White tile floor, white walls,
  lots of light. It was extremely professional. Sarah was now very nervous. I
  feared she would have a panic attack. Anna noticed also and calmed her with
  soothing words about how it would be over in just a few seconds. After Sarah
  appeared to be under control, Anna turned to me.
 &quot;Well, I have something that I would like you two to see. It's a new
  product, but very ingenious.&quot; She opened up a cabinet and produced a blue
  plastic box. She laid out the contents of the box on the stainless steel counter
  top. I couldn't quite make out what it was. Anna started her sales pitch. &quot;These
  are brand new to the market.&quot; she picked up what looked like two halves
  of a grommet. And indeed she went on to explain that that's exactly what they
  were. You see, one half of the grommet goes over the needle, the hole is made,
  then the other half goes on the other side of the hole. Next, using a special
  tool, the two halves are joined together with a snap. She demonstrated. Each
  half has a lip that's a twice the size of the hole, so the grommet can never
  be forced through the hole. Next she produced a ring, except this one had about
  ten degrees cut out of it. On either end of the cut was a very tiny screw that
  could be screwed into the grommet. This made changing of the decoration extremely
  easy and pain free. The grommet would always be in the wearer. It would never
  come out. If I decided to change the ring size, or shape, I just grab my handy
  tool that comes with the kit and unscrew. Nice. 
 She explained that there were some upsides and downsides with it as she tossed
  the demo grommet into the trash. The upside is that the chance of infection
  is drastically reduced as the grommet will never be handled after it's inserted.
  Therefore, any sterilization that she does will be permanent. The downside
  is that once snapped together, the grommet is essentially there for life. It
  can only be removed through a delicate surgery. Especially after the wound
  has healed fully. She went on to explain that the skin has a tendency to attach
  itself to any foreign object, and removal is very difficult. She made sure
  to explain that having the clit pierced with one of these was almost assuredly
  permanent. Surgery to that area is much too risky. 
 I had a great big smile on my face. It was perfect! I looked over at Sarah
  and her face was ashen. She looked at me and I could see a hint of her chin
  trembling. I kept smiling as I spoke to her. &quot;That's perfect honey, you
  should get that. Really, you need to get that. What do you think?&quot;
 I had made it clear to her which one I wanted, but only she could give the
  consent. She knew it too. She stammered out an answered. &quot;Ye..Y..Yes.
  It's fine.&quot; She quickly looked away. I imagined Anna had seen this type
  of behavior before. She hardly flinched at the obvious reluctance that Sarah
  showed. I suppose as long as Sarah signed the consent form, that's all Anna
  cared about.
 With that, Anna had Sarah take off her Jeans and panties, informing her that
  she needed to inspect her to make sure she was a good candidate. I hoped she
  was, if she wasn't, I would have to settle for a hood piercing instead. Boring,
  just like Sarah's panties. She was wearing a little white cotton number today.
  Tsk,Tsk,Tsk I thought. I had brought a pair of the new black silk panties.
  They were out in the car. Anna also noticed the cotton panties and asked Sarah
  if she would be getting her clit exposed or not. Sarah, of course had no idea
  what Anna was talking about. I informed Anna that Sarah and I had not discussed
  it. Anna looked a little surprised, but informed us that she would explain
  it after she had examined Sarah. Sarah pulled her panties down.
 Anna had Sarah get up n the examining table. Then Anna extended two metal
  foot braces, just like the ones used at the Gyno's office. She instructed Sarah
  to place her feet up, with legs spread wide. It was a very nice site, but a
  bit too clinical a situation for me. Anna, in the mean time was just finishing
  up a good surgical scrubbing. Next, she got a pair of sterile latex gloves
  on and proceeded to sit on a roller stool. She slid over to Sarah and began
  poking and prodding. She made a comment that the lack of pubic hair is very
  beneficial. It would drastically decrease the chance of infection and make
  it easier for her to perform the piercing. Sarah was gaining some color back.
  Most of it in a deep red blush. 
 Finally, Anna stood up with a concerned look on her face. &quot;Well, physically,
  she's a perfect candidate. But....
 Damnit! &quot;But what?&quot; I said with dread.
 &quot;Well, we had discussed the exposed clit piercings and in this case,
  I really wouldn't recommend it.&quot;
 Sarah had her hopes up, but the mention, again, of an exposed clit piercing
  confused her. Anna immediately began to describe what her concern was.
 &quot;So, this is how it works Sarah. I can give you a generic pierce that
  punctures both the hood and the clit in their normal state. Or, I can pull
  the hood down, perform the pierce, effectively stappeling the hood out of it's
  normal protective place. What this means is that your clit will always be exposed
  to any contact that may occur. This includes even the most delicate contact,
  like underwear. It will be constantly stimulated. You understand what I'm saying?&quot;
 Sarah had her eyes closed and I could tell that she would have burst out
  of the room had she any clothes on. She just nodded her head. Anna continued. 
 &quot;Let me be more clear. You will be in a constant state of sexual arousal.
  This is almost irreversible, as I said earlier, with the use of the Grommets.
  I mean, to be clear, this will be for life. However, after close examination,
  it appears that your clit is extremely sensitive. More so than I've seen before.
  Is this true?&quot;
 Sarah uttered five words. &quot;I think I'm going to be sick.&quot;
 I looked over at her and so did Anna. She had a concerned look on her face
  as she set the tools down on the stainless counter. &quot;Perhaps....maybe
  it's best that we do this another time then. When you've had more time to think
  about it.&quot;
 Oh no, I thought. This wasn't good at all. Sarah immediately opened her eyes.
  They were filled with hope. She looked over at me and my facial expression
  said everything. I need not make any motion, or say a word. She could tell
  just by looking at me what I thought of that idea. She closed her eyes again
  and said she would be fine.
 &quot;Are you sure dear?&quot; Sarah nodded her head. &quot;I don't want
  to do it, if you don't want it done. This is a most permanent operation. Like
  I said before, reversal is extremely difficult. I want to make sure you understand
  this before I continue.&quot;
 Sarah responded &quot;No, I'm fine, really. I'm sorry, it's..you know, kind
  of scary. That's all.&quot;
 &quot;Yes, I understand. Just try to relax, take deep breaths. It will all
  be over shortly.&quot; Anna once again began preparing her tools. Crisis averted!
 &quot;So, as I was saying Sarah. It appears to me that your clit is very
  sensitive. Is that true?&quot;
 &quot;Yes&quot; it was a whisper.
 &quot;Right...hmmm. Honestly, I don't know if it would be such a good idea
  to give you an exposed clit pierce. From the looks of things down there, at
  least, I would imagine that it could be a very hard thing to deal with. I've
  had customers give me feedback on this and what they say is that the stimulation
  is a fantastic thing, some of the time. Mostly though, it gives them allot
  of, how do we say...trouble.&quot;
 I wanted to hear more. This was delicious. &quot;How so, Anna?&quot; I asked.
 &quot;Well, they've reported difficulties in concentration. I mean, imagine
  a constant hard on, except ten times more sensitive. It can be a little hard
  to deal with the constant arousal. And in Sarah's case, it seems that her arousal
  would be...more intense than most.&quot; She looked at me, then down at Sarah. &quot;Another
  thing to think about is dealing with the secretions. That can get embarrassing
  as you might imagine. There's also maintenance. With this type of piercing,
  constant maintenance is a must. I'm going to recommend a salve and it should
  be applied five times a day..for as long as you keep you're clit exposed. And,
  as I said before, that could be a very long time. All of these things are something
  to think about. Like I said, my customers generally enjoy it, but it can be
  a burden.&quot;
 &quot;But I have to say, that these particular customers didn't seem to have
  even close to the sensitivity that she has. I'm afraid of what the consequences
  would be. I really have to recommend against it in this case.&quot;
 Sarah was going to cry. I didn't want Anna to witness it, I asked for a moment
  alone to discuss it. She was more than willing to give us the time. So there
  we were in he room alone. I walked over to Sarah and gently caressed her forehead.
  Tears were welling up in her eyes. I had to say something comforting....and
  fast.
 &quot;My dear sweet Sarah. You know this is what I want.&quot; I looked her
  in the eyes. She nodded. &quot;You can take a giant step forward right here.
  You can make me so proud or you can disappoint me greatly. It's in your hands
  because only you can convince Anna that this is what you want. She wont do
  it if you don't sound sincere. You have to be strong. You don't want to disappoint
  me do you?&quot; A tear fell down her cheek, vanishing in her gorgeous blond
  hair. She shook her head. &quot;I know. Be strong for me. I wont call Anna
  back in until you feel like you can be strong. OK?&quot;
 &quot;Yes sir. I will. I'll try. I...just, you know...the exposed thing...it
  sounds...terrible. Can we just do it the normal way? Please?&quot;
 &quot;Damnit Sarah!&quot; I whispered. &quot;No. It's either that, or I send
  you home. I really don't want to have to send you home...you know that right?&quot;
 &quot;Yes, I just..I thought I'd ask. I'm sorry. I'll be strong, I promise.&quot;
 &quot;I know you can do it. Are you ready?&quot;
 &quot;Ok.&quot;
 I called Anna back in, she had been standing in the lobby. She came back
  in and went back over to the sink to scrub down again. &quot;So, Sarah. I have
  a feeling that you're going to go against my advice. Am I right?&quot;
 &quot;Yes, Maam. I want to have the exposed clit thing. Please.&quot; The
  word 'please' came out as a whisper. She closed her eyes again. I knew she
  was trying to be strong. I hoped she was convincing enough for Anna. 
 Anna looked at me and then spoke. &quot;Look, I know what's going on here.
  I've seen it a hundred times. I meet people like you two all the time in this
  business. And I'm fine with it. As a matter of fact, I'm in a relationship
  just like it. I know that she'll do whatever you tell her. I'm just making
  sure that you understand where I'm coming from here. I'll do what you ask,
  I don't have a problem with it..it's not my clit.&quot;
 I spoke up. I was very happy to hear that. &quot;I do understand where you're
  coming from and believe me, we are willing to make the commitment here, whatever
  the consequences. I appreciate your advice, but I..We'd rather go ahead and
  get the exposed clit pierce done.&quot;
 &quot;That's fine.&quot; She finished up her scrub and collected her tools
  before making her way over to Sarah. &quot;So Sarah, I'm going to pierce your
  clit first and then your nipples. The pain will be greater, obviously, with
  the clit pierce, and that will alleviate some of the pain you will feel with
  the nipples.&quot;
 I got another great idea. The grommets are perfect for it too. &quot;Excuse
  me Anna. I don't mean to interrupt, but would it be possible to also pierce
  her septum using the grommets?&quot;
 She looked at me, nodded her head and said &quot;Why not? Sure. Do you want
  to do that also?&quot; 
 She wasn't even asking Sarah anymore. &quot;Yes, that would be fantastic.&quot; Sarah
  didn't really care anymore. It was just one more modification to her body that
  couldn't be changed. She would look so hot with a ring coming out of her nose,
  I thought.
 Anna then produced a small syringe and informed Sarah that she was only going
  to inject a local anesthetic. It would make the piercing much more bearable.
  I thought this was a little wierd. I was sure that only a doctor could administer
  anesthetics. I made my concern known.
 She informed me &quot;Oh, I thought you knew. I'm a licensed Nurse Practitioner.
  Yes, I've been a Nurse Practitioner for five years now.&quot; She went on to
  explain while she injected Sarah. &quot;Oh yes. It just makes this job so much
  more easy. I can write prescriptions for pain killers and administer locals.
  I just don't know how the others who do this without a local. And yes, I do
  work at the hospital, you know, to keep me sharp.&quot; 
 Sarah felt the stab of the needle, but didn't hardly flinch. Anna waited
  a few minutes and then got her piercing gun. &quot;I'm a little in between
  grommet lengths here. I can't go to long for the sake of cleanliness, so I'll
  have to go a little shorter. This is going to compress her clit a little. That'll
  increase her sensitivity.&quot; She looked up at me. &quot;Are you sure about
  the exposed clit? Last chance to back out.&quot; I nodded, and Anna gave Sarah
  a last look. Sarah still had her eyes closed. &quot;OK.&quot; It took her about
  thirty seconds to position the gun. Once she had it where she wanted it, she
  snapped the grip. 
 Sarah cried out and reflexively tried to close her legs. Her hands flew down
  to her pussy. Anna, of course had a lot of experience and was ready for it.
  She was sitting in between Sarah's splayed legs, that kept Sarah from closing
  them and with her free hand, she protected Sarah's now painful pussy. She quickly
  set the gun down and grabbed Sarah's wrists. Speaking in a soft, soothing voice,
  she managed to calm Sarah's violent reaction. She instructed Sarah to refrain
  from touching her newly pierced pussy, or closing her legs, telling her that
  the consequences would be infection. Sarah was bawling now.
 Anna then grabbed a sterile towel and began dabbing at the gouged clit. Surprisingly,
  there was very little blood. Anna then inspected her handy work. All the time,
  Sarah was concentrating on not moving a muscle. Anna stood up after a few more
  encouraging words to Sarah. She pronounced that the piercing went very well.
  She invited me to have a closer look. 
 You could immediately see the red, tender flesh of the clit tip barely peeking
  out of the folds of her outer lips. I knew that when it became engorged, much
  more would be exposed. It was a stunning sight, but I couldn't see the grommet.
  Anna informed me that the pierce was actually close to the base of the clit.
  It wouldn't be possible to see it until a ring was attached to the Grommet.
  To facilitate a quicker healing process, no rings would be attached to any
  of the grommets for a while. I didn't have a problem with this.
 Anna quickly completed the nipple and septum piercings. I could clearly see
  how the grommet worked by looking at the nipples. Again, Anna was in between
  sizes here and had to use a slightly smaller lengthed grommet. She pierced
  the nipple close to the base also. This had the effect of compressing the nipple
  slightly and combined with the fact that there was a hard, metal grommet in
  there, made them stand at attention. It appeared as if she was aroused. Anna
  informed me that, yes, that's the way they would always look. I was ecstatic,
  but didn't let any of that show. This had actually turned out much better than
  I had imagined. This would definitely lead to some very embarrassing situations.
  Humiliation and shame was now a daily thing for Sarah.
 The septum pierce was also a non event. By now, Sarah was dazed and completely
  pliable. She didn't move, or speak. I thought she was probably in shock. You
  couldn't see the grommet in her nose unless you were looking up it, expecting
  to see it there. Mother would never know. 
 Anna gave us a sample pack of Percasetts, and wrote out a prescription for
  a full seven days worth. She didn't think the pain would last that long, but
  wanted to be sure. After fifteen or twenty minutes, Sarah was coming out of
  her trance. Anna began to explain the maintenance procedures to Sarah, making
  sure to explain in great detail what might happen if Sarah didn't follow her
  directions to a T. Through teary eyes and a grimace on her mouth, I could see
  that Sarah was paying very close attention. Anna wanted to have a checkup with
  Sarah tomorrow, just to make sure that everything was going OK. Sarah took
  a Percasett, I went out to the car and retrieved Sarah's new panties. She got
  dressed and we left.
 When we arrived at home, she was in a drowsy state and feeling not much pain.
  I carried her inside and laid her down on the couch. One of the instructions
  we received was absolutely NO sexual contact for at least a week. That meant
  no masturbating, no touching, no humping, no pressure what-so-ever on her clit.
  Anna made sure to explain that if this rule was broken, it wouldn't be long
  before Sarah would have to deal with an infection. That could lead to an amputation
  of the clit. I sure as hell wasn't going to do anything to increase the likelihood
  of that happening. That was the one thing that did scare me. No, I would definitely
  play by the rules here. I was also going to try my damndest to make sure Sarah
  did too. 
 Sarah was also not to wear any jeans or pants for at least a week and she
  had to change panties twice a day. Skirts only. She had instructed Sarah on
  how to take care of the wound by cleaning with alcohol, applying a liberal
  amount of the salve she gave us and finally a new, sterile gauze bandage. This
  was to be done every night and every morning as well as every time Sarah urinated
  or defecated. She emphasized this also. Infection, infection, infection. All
  this was designed to reduce the chance of an infection. If we followed her
  advice, it would be smooth sailing.
 After I laid Sarah down, I gently took her pants off and let her sleep for
  a few hours before taking her home. I told Sarah that it would probably be
  best to take a day off school tomorrow. Even through the haze of the Percasetts,
  she knew It was a good idea. I quizzed her to make sure she remembered Anna's
  instructions. She did, and she would be sure to prepare before she went to
  bed. I hoped she did. 

 That night I thought about all the fun things the piercings would let me
  do. I was like a kid in a candy store. The exposed clit was absolutely brilliant.
  My angel would be in an almost continuous state of arousal. I knew how wet
  she got when excited. Now I could be sure that there would always be a fresh,
  damp spot on those slutty little panties I bought her. Yes, always. What's
  even better is the fact that all of the panties were made of very thin, fine
  silk. It would look so delicious. I knew I could use that to my advantage,
  I just had to think of a way to make it happen. I slept soundly.
 The next morning, Sarah called and I went to pick her up. Well, at least
  she was wearing a skirt. She also had on another pair of the new silk panties.
  I checked. She had only taken a half a Percasett as the pain wasn't really
  that bad right now. I thought that to be a very good sign. I brought her back
  to my place and laid her down in her room. She slept for a few hours. The Percasetts
  really knocked her out. I would have to keep a close eye on her pill consumption.
  I didn't want her to develop a nasty dependency. 
 She woke at around noon. The pill had worn off and she was now walking very
  delicately, making sure to keep her legs spread in that knee length rayon skirt.
  Damn, that was hot. My cock was hard, but there was little I could do. I might
  be able to get away with a blow job, but I didn't want to make Sarah even the
  least bit excited. No, I would have to exercise some restraint here. The goal
  was far more important than a little selfish gratification now. 
 I asked her how she was feeling. She gave me a wry smile and said she was
  very sore. She was also a little hungry. She knew where the food was and I
  told her to make us something. I needed to keep my dominance over her, even
  at this delicate stage. She complied with no complaint. We ate on the couch,
  she was snuggled up next to me and I had my arm around her tiny waist. 
 I asked her how she felt other than it being sore. &quot;It just hurts too
  much right now. I need some more medicine.&quot; I told her she could have
  a quarter of a pill.
 &quot;Does it feel any better than yesterday?&quot;
 &quot;Oh yes, definitely! Yesterday was horrible. I thought I was going to
  die. It's just a throbbing ache right now. Compared to yesterday, it tickles.&quot; She
  giggled. I was glad she was feeling much better. I knew that she was in pain
  yesterday, but really didn't know how much. I wouldn't ever really know I guess.
  She took her pill and came back to the couch. I didn't turn the TV on. I just
  wanted to sit there and talk with her about normal things, like school, her
  mom, her friends.
 We talked a for a good two hours. She told me about school and this exciting
  trip that the cheer squad would be going on. This was the one she was selling
  candy for when I first met her. They were going to Orlando to some kind of
  cheerleader competition. She was very excited about it. She told me that normally
  JV cheerleaders didn't get to go, but she was a first alternate, and if any
  of the other girls were unable to compete, she would take their place. Her
  eyes lit up when she spoke about it. All this reminded me that she was just
  15 years old. It made me feel like a dirty old man, but only for a few seconds. 
 She also spoke about her friends. Really more about the fact that she wasn't
  hanging out with her friends much anymore because she was spending all her
  time with me. And yes, her friends noticed. She told them that she was seeing
  a guy. I was a little worried at this, but she said that she didn't tell them
  much. They, of course wanted to meet me, but she kept putting them off. I couldn't
  quite decide if it would be Ok for them to know about us. It would be a little
  awkward, but her mom knew, and I doubted I could get in much trouble....as
  long as they didn't know about the things we did together.
 She explained that all her friends were mostly girls on the cheer squad.
  They always had an end of the year get together. Last year was at one of the
  girls' house. It was a huge pool party. Just the cheerleaders, having a day
  at the pool. A big cookout and all that stuff. Then she told me that she had
  wondered whether it would be Ok if they had the party here this year. Now,
  that got me thinking. 
 I told her I wasn't sure if that was such a good idea. You know, some of
  the girls would find it strange that we were dating, what with the age discrepancy
  and all. I said that the parents and teachers would most definitely not like
  the idea of us dating. She told me that last year, none of the teachers or
  mothers were invited to the party and that this year, it would be the same
  way. I said I'd think about it. And indeed, I still wasn't sure whether it
  would be Ok or not. I knew she wanted to show me off to some of her friends.
  I would be a spectacular catch. One worth bragging about. It would be nice
  if I could give that to her after all that she's done for me. I needed to reciprocate
  a little. But, a pool party full of high school cheerleaders might be too much.
  Maybe something a little more private. Like, a sleep over with just a couple
  of friends. Well, I would think on it, and let her know.
 
 Later that afternoon, Anna checked on Sarah. She proclaimed that everything
  was going well. Anna was very happy with the way the piercings looked. No sign
  of undue inflammation. The color was good and she did a few tests to check
  for tenderness. Sarah's clit still was much too sore to feel anything other
  than pain, but apparently Sarah was a quick healer, because the pain was very
  limited in area and wasn't as severe as Anna had anticipated. These were all
  good signs. Once again though, she reminded Sarah and I that the possibility
  of infection was still high and the rules should still be followed. She wanted
  to see Sarah on Thursday for another checkup. 
 Sarah skipped school again on Wednesday and hung out with me. We talked more
  and she seemed to be getting more comfortable with the piercings. She was still
  religiously following Anna's orders about cleanliness though. The fear of infection
  was just as high with Sarah as it was with me. 
 On Thursday, I made Sarah go back to school. the pain was dissipating rapidly.
  Now the dull throbbing soreness had been replaced by periods of slight arousal.
  I knew this because Sarah kept me appraised of the situation. Her nipples and
  septum were almost 100% pain free by now. I took the bottle of Percasetts away.
  She wouldn't be using them any more.
 Anna was very happy with the way everything was healing. She could tell that
  Sarah and I were following her advice. She said it showed. Still, we needed
  to keep on the same path. The wound wouldn't be fully healed for a month or
  more. But, after another week or so, she would relax the regimen. She would
  add a rings to the grommets, and show me how they worked and we could have
  sexual contact. That was music to my ears. She also said that Sarah was going
  to start feeling less and less pain, consequently, she would start to feel
  more and more pleasure. She admonished Sarah to keep her hands away until Anna
  gave her the all clear. I knew that it wasn't Anna she needed the all clear
  from, she would need permission from me to get herself off. I had decided to
  make the rules even more stringent. Sarah won't even be allowed to touch herself
  down there without my permission. That pussy was mine.
 On Monday we went to see Anna again. The piercings had now gone form pain
  to pleasure. On Saturday, Sarah had told me how much different it was since
  last Monday. In five short days, Sarah's clit had become very sensitive to
  the pleasure of contact....even if it was just her applying the salve. She
  said it was very hard to control herself while doing it. She only experienced
  it however, while she was touching it. She explained that the big globs of
  the thick salve, combined with the fact that she kept a wad of gauss taped
  in place, really limited the reaction. That made sense. She wasn't really experiencing
  any touch while the clit was bandaged. I couldn't wait to see the effect the
  exposed clit was going to have once all that protection was gone. I smiled
  to myself.
 Anna proclaimed the healing process to be in a very advanced state. As a
  matter of fact, we were ahead of schedule, but just to make sure, she wanted
  Sarah to keep up with the salve and bandaging for a few more days. We would
  go see her on Thursday. She said that if everything looked as good as it did
  now, she would lift most of the restrictions. I was very happy to hear this.
  I desperately wanted to fuck her. If everything turned out Ok. I would have
  that sweet pussy on Thursday.
 Sarah was relieved to hear it also. She explained to Anna that it was getting
  hard for her to apply much of the salve and keep from having an orgasm. Anna
  seemed surprised. She said that it was normal for a girl to become aroused,
  but she hadn't ever heard of anyone having trouble keeping themselves under
  control in this situation. She looked at the both of us with that 'I told you
  so&quot; look. I didn't care. I was even smiling. Sarah looked a little mortified
  though. 
 &quot;It..It's not?!&quot; She asked. She had trouble comprehending that
  what she was experiencing wasn't normal. Or she didn't really want to believe
  that she wasn't normal. Either way, It didn't sit right with her.
 Anna told her that she had explained all this before and that Sarah now had
  to live with the consequences. Sarah began to cry. She knew it was permanent.
  I was sure she now realized how difficult this was going to be once the bandage
  came off and her panties started to rub her super sensitive clit. She was going
  to have to figure out a way to cope with it, because there really wasn't much
  that could be done about it now other than a risky operation. I didn't feel
  the least bit sorry about it. In fact, the future looked very bright to me. 
 On the ride back home Sarah became more depressed. The full weight of the
  situation had finally made itself felt. I felt it was time to give Sarah some
  encouragement. Something to bring her out of her doldrums. 
 &quot;Sarah, do you know how proud of you I am right now?&quot;
 She looked over at me, tears welled up in her eyes. 
 &quot;I am so happy that you took this upon yourself. This is a gigantic
  step forward for you and I. For our relationship. I cannot express in words
  how good I feel right now. I can promise you this though. You will be rewarded
  handsomely. I've decided, as part of your reward to let you host the cheerleader
  party at my house.&quot; She immediately perked up. &quot;But, that's not everything.
  You wont have to wait that long for the rest of your reward. I can promise
  you, you'll be very happy.&quot;
 Now tears of joy were coming down her cheeks. &quot;Really?! You mean it?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh yes, Sarah. Right now I can't think of anything else that would
  make me as happy as you have, my love. Start planning the party.&quot;
 She grabbed my hand and we spent the rest of the ride home in silence. Happy,
  thoughtful silence. I decided to drop her off at her house. I wasn't too sure
  that I could contain myself much longer. I thought it best if I didn't see
  her until Thursday.
 When we missed the turn for my house, Sarah asked where we were going. I
  told her that I was so turned on right now that I didn't think I could control
  myself. I would drop her off at her house and we wouldn't see each other until
  Thursday. I made sure to reemphasize that she needed to keep up with the salve
  and cleansing, but mostly, she needed to keep her hands away from her clit.
  I told her that she wasn't allowed to touch her pussy form now on without my
  permission. The only time she would be allowed to do that right now was to
  administer the medication. She assured me that she would. I believed her. We
  were almost out of the woods, I reminded her.

 It seemed like an eternity for those three days to go by, but finally Thursday
  had arrived. We showed up at Anna's salon at closing time. She let us in and
  we went straight back to the piercing room. By now, Sarah knew the routine
  and stripped out of her skirt and panties. She was wearing a hot little sky
  blue number today. Damn, they were worth every penny. She got up on the table
  and put her legs in the stirrups. Anna put some gloves on and began to look.
  In prior appointments, Anna only ever gave the clit light touching, if any
  at all. Not this time. She spread Sarah's lips and placed her finger on the
  clit, then applied a slight amount of pressure. Sarah jerked in her chair and
  let out a sharp moan. Anna quickly removed her hand and sat back a little.
  She looked at Sarah and asked if that hurt. I immediately knew that it was
  anything but pain. Sarah had nearly cum. 
 In the heat of bliss, Sarah cried out. &quot;Oh god no!. That felt.....&quot; She
  stopped herself, realizing what she was saying. She opened her eyes and her
  face got beat red. Damn! That clit was almost like a light switch. Anna looked
  very surprised. 
 &quot;That's interesting.&quot; She got back closer, but before she touched
  Sarah again, she admonished her to try and control herself. &quot;Sarah. Please,
  don't make this difficult. I need to thoroughly inspect the piercing. I'm going
  to have to get a little physical. Can you control yourself?&quot;
 Sarah was mortified. &quot;I..I don't know. I'm not sure. That was just incredible.
  I...I'll try.&quot;
 With much hesitation, Anna began again. This time much more gently. Sarah
  was breathing heavily and in full concentration as Anna poked and prodded.
  I could tell that Sarah was having an extremely difficult time with this. She
  was in heaven and hell all at the same time. It was mesmerizing to watch. After
  thirty seconds or so of this, Anna stood up and ripped off her gloves. 
 &quot;Wow. I haven't ever had anyone react like that before. I'll say this
  though. The piercing looks like its almost fully healed. I can still see a
  small amount of inflammation where the grommets join. I would say that most
  definitely, two weeks and she'll be good as gold. Maybe sooner. I want you
  to come back next Thursday. We'll see how much progress she's made. In the
  mean time, because the outside is completely healed up, we can dispense with
  the medication and bandages. I need to explain to you how to take care of this
  from here on out.&quot;
 She pointed over at me. &quot;He's bought you some very good underwear. From
  now on, you can't be buying anything out of the store. Let me explain. The
  skin around the clit is very sensitive. Obviously. It's also very tender. Constant
  rubbing and abrasion will lead to a toughening of that skin. Thus, the nerve
  endings wont be close to the surface. This means that you will permanently
  lose sensation there. It's irreversible Sarah. If this happens, it'll be like
  a clit amputation. For this reason, you have to apply a dab of this&quot; she
  was holding up a new bottle of cream &quot;at least three times a day. This
  will make certain that the clit is properly hydrated and protected. Dehydration
  is the leading cause of nerve damage. Most of my clients apply this whenever
  they go to the bathroom. Avoid tight clothes for long periods of time. You
  can wear something tight for...say...half a day, but I really wouldn't push
  it more than that. Skirts are best. Also, no sanitary napkins. You have to
  use tampons from now on. Understand?&quot;
 Sarah had now calmed down enough to be paying attention. She nodded her head.
  Anna turned to me and asked if I understood. I had a few questions.
 &quot;Well, about the tight clothes. You said no more than half a day. I'm
  Ok with that, but do you mean half a day, every day? Or something a little
  less frequent?&quot;
 &quot;Good question. As long as the nerve endings have say, half a day to
  recover, she'll be fine. So, everyday is Ok.&quot;
 &quot;Alright. Now, is it possible for her to endure some abrasive materials
  for shorter periods of time?&quot;
 Anna knew exactly what I meant. &quot;Well, it depends on how abrasive. It
  is possible to permanently damage the tissue with say...a hemp rope. I would
  stay away form materials that are very abrasive. Terrycloth is about as hard
  as I would go.&quot;
 &quot;Fine. What about pressure. How much pressure could it endure and for
  how long?&quot;
 &quot;Another one of those situations where it depends. For one, what kind
  of material...meaning how abrasive...is she going to endure? Another is, over
  how much area? If I were you, I definitely would be sure to limit any kind
  of pressure for short periods of time. It's risky so use your best judgment.&quot;
 &quot;That's it for now.&quot;
 &quot;OK then, lets get the decorations.&quot; I was waiting for this. &quot;The
  selection is actually quite extensive. I only have a portion of what's available,
  but you can order anything out of the catalog.&quot; She handed me a twenty
  page booklet that had about five different designs per page. I would definitely
  have to look through this. &quot;Here's what I have.&quot; She brought me over
  to the cabinet and produced a wood, felt lined box. It contained about 20 pieces,
  some in gold, some in silver. &quot;They have more colors to choose from too.&quot; She
  explained. She picked up what appeared to be two identical bands. She explained
  that they weren't. 
 &quot;The difference between these two is how they attach themselves to the
  grommets. This one&quot; She held up the one in her left hand. &quot;swings
  freely. It can pivot on the grommet as far as the body will allow. However,
  this one&quot; She placed both in my hand. &quot;locks to a desired position
  in the grommet. And, because the grommets don't move, this kind wont move at
  all. The only movement will be the stretching of the nipple, or clit, or what
  have you. I think it's quite evil.&quot; She gave me a devilish smile. Sarah
  was looking back at us with a shade of fear.
 The box contained rings of various sizes and gauges. Some were decorated
  with colored balls and some were plain. I sifted through the contents and decided
  to get six rings. All were silver, all were of medium thickness, and all were
  about the size of a quarter. Three pivoted and three didn't. I looked through
  the box again and found a pivoting ring that was a little thicker and about
  the size of a nickel. It was silver also. This one would be used on her septum.
 &quot;Well&quot; Anna said. &quot;You just about cleaned me out of silver
  rings. I think they'll look lovely on her. Lets take a look.&quot; She went
  over to another cabinet and produced two small jeweler's screwdrivers. &quot;These
  are the tools you use to attach and detach the decorations with. Now, I have
  to warn you, do not loose these things. They have a special head on them that
  only works with the decorations. You can't get them off without these tools.
  If you lose them, you'll pay a fortune to replace them.&quot; She handed one
  to me and one to Sarah. I held out my hand and Sarah meekly placed her tool
  in my hand. She wouldn't have the luxury of deciding what to wear. That was
  my prerogative. Anna hardly batted an eye. 
 &quot;So, let's start off with the nipple.&quot; I handed her one of the
  pivoting rings. &quot;Really, this is very simple. You line the ring up like
  so, then start screwing down both sides.&quot; It only took her a few seconds
  to finish. The tiny screws were recessed into the ring once they were fully
  tightened. There would be little chance of anyone ever taking them off without
  the tool. Anna was right, I had better not loose them. Next she had me do the
  other nipple. It was as easy as it looked. It was also stunningly beautiful.
  Two quarter sized rings decorated Sarah's distended pink nipples. Fantastic.
  The septum proved to be a little harder because we had to get the tool to line
  up with the grommet inside her nose. Still, it wasn't anything major. Once
  done, the effect was outrageous. A large silver ring came out of her cute upturned
  nose and hung down to just above her lush red upper lip. She was really starting
  to look like a sex toy now. I couldn't wait to see her reaction when she looked
  in the mirror. 
 &quot;You look absolutely stunning Sarah.&quot; I encouraged.
 &quot;Next, the clit ring. I'll place this one on for now. She hasn't quite
  heeled and I don't want to irritate anything.&quot; Anna continued as she began
  putting on some gloves. &quot;Now Sarah. I need you to try and control yourself.
  Moving around will only make this more difficult.&quot; She spread Sarah's
  lips, and lined up the ring. Of course, it was impossible to do this without
  bumping into the clit and moving it about. Sarah flinched, closed her eyes
  and sucked in a huge gulp of air. Anna continued to try and line the piece
  up and Sarah kept flinching. &quot;Sarah, please. Behave yourself.&quot; She
  said. I was enjoying the effect even this small amount of contact was having. 
 Finally, she had it lined up and began to screw the ring in. Sarah let out
  a moan and moved even more. Now she really feels it. Anna was trying to be
  as gentle as possible, but it wasn't any use. Sarah continued to move about
  and I could tell that she was getting very hot. The first bead of pussy juice
  dripped down her splayed thighs. She moaned again. Anna was becoming very impatient
  now. At least the ring was threaded on one side. Anna started in on the other
  side. This proved even worse because she was right handed and trying to position
  the ring so she could get at the screw with her right hand. She ended up moving
  it quite a bit. Sarah was now full on hysterical. Anna was able to get the
  screw threaded before Sarah began to plead for her to stop. 
 &quot;PLEASE MAAM! PLEASE. I..OH GOD..I...I'M GOING TO CUMMMMM!!!&quot; And
  she did. Right there in the office in front of everyone present, with her legs
  spread wide for all to see. It was a huge, powerful climax and as soon as it
  started, Anna let go of the ring and grabbed Sarah's hands to keep her from
  frigging herself. Sarah in the mean time was practically screaming from the
  release. Obviously, she couldn't control herself. But I figured that was no
  excuse. It gave me a good reason to punish her later. 
 Anna looked back at me and said that the piercing itself also had the side
  effect of making the clit much more sensitive. So, even though Anna had never
  touched Sarah's exposed clit, just the heavy manipulation of the ring was enough
  to induce arousal, although, she admitted that she had never had anyone climax
  in her office before. She seemed to pity Sarah. 
 Eventually Sarah calmed back down enough for Anna to continue. She quickly
  finished screwing down the ring and stood up. Sarah was still breathing heavily
  and trying to control a second orgasm.
 A few minutes later Sarah was finally calmed down enough to stand. Anna opened
  up a droor on one of the wall cabinets. Inside was a full length mirror. Sarah
  had the first look at her new decorations.
 Her mouth was a agape. She was astonished to see the transformation just
  these few little pieces of silver wire had. It was truly a sight to see. The
  first one that you noticed was, of course, the thick nose ring. It was impossible
  to overlook. It screamed 'SLUT' with a capitol S. The other three were just
  as nice to look at. If you looked closely at the clit piercing, you cold see
  about a eigth inch of Sarah's naked, red, clit peeking out of her pussy. Damn!
  My cock was rock hard. The whole thing looked better than I imagined. Stunning
  really. Sarah couldn't take her eyes off the mirror.
 Finally I told Sarah to quit gawking and get dressed. It was time to leave.
  Slowly, she tore herself away from the mirror and searched for her clothes.
  As she was doing that, Anna remembered something.
 &quot;OH yes. One more thing. Don't pull, pry, or in anyway, manipulate the
  clit ring. She isn't fully healed yet and rough play will only lead to problems.
  It's best that you wait a few more weeks for that kind of thing. Alright?&quot; I
  nodded.
 Sarah was now nearly dressed. She had just pulled her cute blue panties up.
  Just her skirt and shoes were left. She was wearing a nice number today. She
  had on a blue polo shirt. The color nearly matched her panties. As usual, allot
  of midriff was showing. The skirt was a denim skirt that I hadn't seen before.
  It was stone washed and the faded blue denim also matched her shirt and panties.
  The skirt came up to mid thigh. She also had on a pair of white sling back
  one inch heels. The look of this typical teenager outfit, with the requisite
  ponytail and the nose ring was astounding. I can't explain it. She looked like
  no other woman I had ever seen. A mix of innocence and street whore. That's
  the best I can come up with. I liked it allot.
 I noticed, as I watched her get dressed, that she could definitely feel the
  exposed clit. She would make a sudden movement then stop. Then, she would forget
  and do it again. The shoes were the best though. As she bent down to latch
  the strap, She closed her eyes and let out a quiet sigh. A few seconds later,
  she gathered herself and stood much more slowly. It seemed as though every
  movement brought a new arousal with it. I had butterflies in my stomach thinking
  about the adventures that were yet to come for her and her new sex. 
 Before we left the room, I had her take her bra off. I wanted to see what
  the new nipple rings looked like without a bunch of clothing. She hesitated,
  but only for a second. I noticed that she stood there with her legs spread
  apart about six inches. The reason I noticed was because she never did this.
  She almost always stood like a lady, with her legs closed, before now. Obviously,
  this too was a result of the exposed clit. Fantastic!
 Without a bra on, you could clearly see her nipples and the faint outline
  of the rings through the heavy cotton of the polo shirt. It was a very nice
  accent to the nose ring. She turned around and looked at herself in the mirror.
  When she did, she let out a tiny gasp.
 I grabbed Sarah's hand as we gave our thanks. We started walking out the
  door. I went at her pace, which was a little slower than she normally walked.
  She was walking very carefully, keeping her hips stiff. She made a sigh as
  we went through the door. I told her to relax a little. And she tried. The
  closer to the car we got, the more normal she began to walk. However, the more
  movement she allowed in her hips, the more noises she made. They were cute
  noises. Little gasps and sighs, and a single &quot;oh&quot; as we neared the
  car. By now, her hands were clutching her waist and I could tell she was having
  a hard time figuring out how to keep them away from her cunt. I opened the
  door for her and she threw herself into the seat. 
 As I got in the other side, she was leaning forward breathing heavily with
  her hands in a white knuckle grip on the dashboard. She looked over at me and
  said &quot;OH god! That was crazy.&quot;
 &quot;What exactly was crazy Sarah?&quot;
 &quot;The way it feels down there when I move. It's...It's like a vibrator
  right on my thing.&quot;
 &quot;Really? The whole time?&quot;
 &quot;Yes sir. And..well, the ring. Can we please get a smaller ring?&quot;
 &quot;Why's that?&quot;
 &quot;It's...It's so big that when I try to walk normally, you now...Ummm..my
  legs move it a little. I think a smaller ring would be allot easier....you
  know for me to walk....&quot; She looked over at me &quot;Or no ring. Can I
  just wear the ring sometimes?&quot; That news was very interesting. I hadn't
  thought of that. Even though Sarah's hips were quite wide for her size, when
  she walked, her thighs made contact with the ring.
 &quot;Hmmm. Well, I can promise you that you won't ever be without a ring
  in your clit again. I can also promise you that the ring wont get any smaller.&quot; She
  looked at me with sad eyes. &quot;Sarah, it gives me great pleasure to know
  that when you walk, you get so hot. Do you understand that this is what I want?&quot;
 She whispered a quite yes.
 &quot;As a matter of fact, I'm fairly certain that I'll want you to wear
  even bigger rings. I like to watch you when you're in this state of arousal.&quot;
 &quot;Oh, please sir. Please! I don't....I don't think I could control myself
  if it was any worse. Please don't do that to me.&quot; She was now clutching
  my arm now. She was terrified.
 &quot;Sarah. I have complete and total faith in you. I know that you will
  be able to control yourself. I know that eventually, you will become so good
  at it that it wont matter what I do. This is one of my goals for you. I want
  complete control over your pussy. I will be the one to decide when and where
  you cum. I know that you want to please me and I know that you'll try very
  hard to make it happen. Won't you?&quot;
 She put her forehead into my arm, still clutching it with her hands. &quot;Yes.
  I'll try.&quot;
 I started the car and said &quot;I know you can do it.&quot;
Chapter VII

 I drove and she pulled down the visor to look in the vanity mirror. She played
  with the nose ring and continued to stare. She also looked at her shirt and
  saw the outline of her nipple rings. She paid no attention to where we were
  going. I pulled into the parking lot of an adult bookstore. She looked away
  from the mirror as we pulled in. She suddenly realized where we were. She looked
  over at me with fear and confusion.
 &quot;What are we doing here?&quot;
 I pulled into a parking space then turned and looked at her. &quot;Sarah,
  you came without permission at Anna's salon. You need to be punished for it.&quot;
 &quot;OH! I'm sooo sorry sir. I couldn't help it. Please, just this once.
  Honestly, I couldn't have stopped it. I'm soo sorry. Pleaaaaaseee!!
 &quot;NO. You came like a little sex slut in front of Anna and me, and you
  didn't even ask for permission. It doesn't matter whether your clit is pierced
  or not. I don't care. You need to control yourself. You need to figure out
  a way or it's going to get very bad for you. So, as part of your punishment,
  You're going to walk into that store. Thirty seconds later, I'm going to walk
  in right behind you. I don't want you to act like you know me. Don't do anything
  to indicate you know me. OK?&quot;
 She was looking at the black painted glass of the place. I liked the name.
  'Kitty's XXX Book Store'. I hadn't ever been in here. I get all my materials
  online. There's a much better selection online than at any two bit book store. &quot;Sarah,
  pay attention.&quot;
 &quot;Yes sir.&quot;
 &quot;I want you to buy the two nastiest videos you can find. I mean, the
  nastiest, most disgusting things you can find. Make sure that they are of different
  genera's. Do you know what that is?&quot;
 &quot;Yes sir.&quot; She squeaked out.
 &quot;Then, I want you to buy the biggest dildo they have in there.&quot; She
  was hugging her waist, one arm crossed over the other. This was going to be
  a very unpleasant experience for her. I knew from our conversation the Saturday
  after the club that she absolutely hated the humiliation. I needed to make
  it clear to her that I wasn't playing around, so I tried to think of the worst
  thing for her to do. I had thought of taking her to the mall, where she might
  run into some friends, and buying a Penthouse magazine form A&amp;B Books.
  I couldn't decide which was worse. I figure that next time I'll try that out.
  For now though, this was going to be bad enough.
 She was still staring at the store front. I reached out, gently grabbed her
  nose ring and pulled it until she was looking at me. Her hands never made any
  kind of attempt to stop me. That was good.
 &quot;Sarah. If you don't choose the nastiest videos, or you don't get the
  biggest dildo they have, then I'm going to have to think of a worse punishment.
  Do you understand?&quot;
 Her eyes were filled with tears as she said &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; I could
  feel her breath on my hand.
 &quot;Do you still love me?&quot;
 A new look spread across her face. One of adoration. She closed her eyes
  and said &quot;Oh yes! I love you so much.&quot; She moved her head a little
  and kissed my hand as it clutched her nose ring. 
 &quot;I love you too.&quot; I encouraged. &quot;Now, go in there and follow
  my instructions.&quot; I let go of the ring and pulled the handle on her door.
  She turned in her seat, took one last look back at me and got out. She shut
  the door and began walking towards the store front.
 She was making a real effort to walk normally. She was still walking a bit
  slow, and I could tell that the clit was making itself felt. I wondered what
  she was thinking right now. As she got closer to the door, she slowed even
  further. At first, I thought she might not go through with it. But I realized
  as I watched her body language that she was trying to get her arousal under
  control. A huge smile spread across my face as she went through the door. I
  followed a half minute later. 
 This place was your typical adult book store. Shelves filled with outlandishly
  photographed VHS and DVD box covers. The pictures were always very lewd and
  the titles proclaimed things like &quot;This Bitch Loves Cum.&quot; and &quot;Cunt
  Licker!&quot; . Over in one corner was a small magazine stand. The counter
  was a glass display case filled with all kinds of sex toys. There were more
  sex toys on the wall behind the counter. Right off the bat, I noticed a huge,
  double ended gel filled dildo. It was black, and molded to look like the real
  thing, complete with veins and a life like head. Those were the only things
  that were life like on it though. It was about three inches in diameter and
  at least three feet long. That would be a nice choice. We would have to see
  what Sarah picked out. I had a raging hard on just thinking about it.
 Next, I quickly scanned the room, looking for my angle. I didn't see her
  at first. Finally I saw her stand up in between two rows of video boxes. She
  had her back to me and I could tell that she was holding a cover and looking
  intently at it. As a I got nearer, I noticed that she was reading the cover.
  Alright. It seemed that she was really going to give this her best shot. 
 I began browsing the shelves. I was looking at the selection in order to
  gauge Sarah's compliance. I needed to see what exactly they carried in here.
 Luckily for Sarah she and I were the only customers. I didn't see any employees
  though. Just then a young man walked through a black curtain over to the cash
  register. He sat down on a stool and began eyeing Sarah, completely ignoring
  me. 
 I was one row over form her. This gave me a terrific vantage point to listen
  to the sounds she was making. She was clearly having difficulties with the
  clit. The bending and slow walking created enough movement to cause her, what
  seemed like, a decent amount of stimulation. Lots of gasps and sighing. A few
  under the breath moans.
 I was looking at the gang bang section. Lots of boxes with pictures of whores
  with cocks shoved in every hole, surrounded by more guys waiting their turn.
  Sarah had just bent down to get a closer look at a few videos on the bottom
  of the shelf in her isle. I wondered which section she was in. The guy at the
  counter moved his stool so he could see down her row better. He was continuing
  to give Sarah his full attention.
 This went on for a few more minutes before Sarah slowly moved to another
  row. I leisurely strolled down the row she had spent so much time in to get
  a look at what caught her interest. The section she had been looking at contained
  a bunch of Bukake themed videos. Mostly Japanese titles, mixed with a few American
  versions. Box after box showed a single girl with cum dripping down her face.
  Rivers of cum to be exact. Cum covered mouths and a few of the Japanese titles
  showed schoolgirls and office girls still in their uniforms. Some of these
  even had high quality rope bondage thrown in. I'm sure that this stuff horrified
  her.
 You see, there was one big reason I chose this punishment over the A&amp;B
  Books/Penthouse option. I figured that this was an excellent way for me to
  learn more about what she liked and didn't like. The movies she would pick
  out today should all be something that she was absolutely disgusted with.
 I looked at this row for a few more minutes. The shelves also had a bunch
  of amateur stuff in it. I liked amateur videos. I really hated the professional
  porn queens with all their fake moans of fake pleasure. Allot of the amateur
  movies really did a good job of portraying the woman's apprehension and inexperience.
  And it was very interesting to see how many of them really got into it. I particularly
  liked the 'Dirty Debutant' series. Ed Powers was the man. I had quite a collection
  of these at home.
 I saw Sarah a few rows down. She was facing away from the counter and the
  lust filled gaze of the attendant. She had her hand on her bare midriff, while
  the other was gripping one of the shelves. Her eyes were closed and I could
  see her breathing heavily. Her feet were flat on the ground, spread apart by
  nearly a foot. Obviously, all this bending and walking was really getting to
  her. She finally opened her eyes to see if the attendant had noticed. Of course
  he had. He hadn't taken his eyes off her since he saw her. I could probably
  walk out the door with half the store stuffed down my pants and he wouldn't
  notice. She looked mortified.
 I moved over to her row and began browsing the stuff at the far end. This
  section was your typical high budget porn stuff. Filled with actresses with
  names like Kate Cummings and Trixie Richards. Sarah was kneeling now, looking
  at the bottom shelf. She had her skirt hiked up a little so she could spread
  her legs as she sat on her heels. I began to wonder whether she would be able
  to control herself. Evil thoughts crept into my mind like how much fun it would
  be if Sarah came right here in the porn store....with the attendant looking
  at her. If that happened, she would probably have a nervous breakdown right
  afterward. Ehhh, on second thought, it might be more trouble than it's worth. 
 Just then she reached over to her right to grab a box cover. Evidently, she
  once again either under estimated the movements she could reasonably get away
  with or she simply forgot to be careful. I saw her butt shift to the side and
  her heel, which had been supporting her butt, dig in between her legs, right
  into her pussy. She let out a little yelp and got up on her knees as she dropped
  the box. She clutched the shelf with both hands and stayed there for a few
  seconds. After she calmed down a bit, she looked over at the attendant who
  was now up out of his seat and leaning over the counter, looking straight at
  her. His mouth was wide open. He was getting quite a show. 
 Of course, I knew what was going on, but I tried to put myself in his shoes.
  What would he think? If I didn't know Sarah, never saw her before, and I was
  standing there, what would I think? This was an interesting exercise.
 Well, first off. Sarah actually looked too young. In fact, without the nose
  ring, I would have put her right at about 15 years of age. This was all due
  to the pony tail and clothes. However, the nose ring was not some cute little
  rebellious thing that teenagers sometimes did. No, it's size and girth indicated
  a much more sinister purpose. So, I would almost have to conclude that her
  boyfriend would have a hand in it. Mother surely wouldn't allow her daughter
  to go prancing around with something like that hanging out of her nose. Guys
  would surely get the wrong idea. No, I would have to assume that she was just
  a young looking 18 or 19 year old.
 Second, her movements weren't normal. If you looked close enough, you could
  see that they weren't even close to normal. Anyone paying attention could see
  that something was going on with this girl's pussy. The way her lower body
  moved indicated pain, but her hard nipples and facial expression showed something
  very different. If I were that guy behind the counter, I would be very confused.
  The whole package was a contradiction. 
 She continued to browse, being much more careful now. We were in the store
  for an hour and a half before she finally had two videos picked out. I knew
  one was a Bukake video, but I hadn't a clue as to what the other one was. She
  slowly approached the counter and started looking at the toys. The guy immediately
  asked her if she was looking for anything in particular. I positioned myself
  nearby so I could hear the conversation.
 &quot;Ummm.Well, I kind of....well&quot; She never looked the guy in the
  face. &quot;I need a large one of these.&quot; She pointed to a normal sized
  dildo. Her voice betrayed her humiliation and shame.
 &quot;Oh...well, we have a bunch of sizes. How big are you going for here.&quot; He
  had a Cheshire Cat smile on his face. 
 &quot;Uhhhh....big.&quot;
 He opened a droor and produced a nice sized dildo. It was about eight inches
  long and quite wide. It wasn't even close to the size of the black one though. &quot;Well,
  this is pretty big. Especially for someone small like you.&quot;
 She stood there and stared at it for a second or two. That last sentence
  caused her to flinch. &quot;Well, actually...what...Ummm...I need a bigger
  one.&quot; 
 His eyes got wide with surprise and said &quot;OH. Well, how much bigger?
  You know we have allot of sizes.&quot;
 She finally was able to blurt it out. &quot;I need the biggest one.&quot;
 Now he was really surprised. &quot;Uhhhh..Ok. But it's, well take a look
  for yourself.&quot;
 He didn't go over to the black one. He went down to another cabinet, behind
  the display case and brought out what had to be a gag gift. This thing was
  ridiculous! It was white, 16 inches long and it had to be at least four inches
  wide. Maybe closer to five. It also came with a suction cup on the end to mount
  to a table top or something similar. I almost laughed. Yes, that had to be
  the biggest one. &quot;See? I mean, who uses something like this? Right?&quot; he
  said.
 Her eyes were as big as saucers. She stared at it for a while then finally
  spoke. &quot;Ummm, that's the biggest one?&quot;
 He laughed. &quot;Sweet heart, I don't think they make 'em any bigger.&quot;
 &quot;Uhhh. Ok. I'll take it.&quot;
 Now he was shocked. &quot;WOW! I don't think we've ever sold any of these
  before. You're not going to use it are you?&quot;
 &quot;Oh god. I hope not.&quot; Was her hushed reply. I suddenly realized
  that she must think I'm going to make her stuff that up her pussy as part of
  her punishment. Now, that was laughable.
 He raised his eyebrows and said &quot;Alright. Well, are you going to get
  the movies too?&quot;
 &quot;Yes.&quot; she handed them over. 
 &quot;OK. are you a member?&quot;
 &quot;Uhhh, no.&quot;
 &quot;OK. I need you to fill out this membership form. We only allow rentals
  through a credit or debit card though.&quot; He handed her the piece of paper
  and proceeded to find the corresponding tapes. She filled it out with shaking
  hands. Finally she was done and he entered the paper work into the computer
  and swiped the card I had given her. &quot;OK. You're all set.&quot; She began
  walking out and he called out to her &quot;Have fun.&quot;
 A few minutes later, I walked up to the counter with a Penthouse. As he was
  ringing it up he commented, &quot;Damn dude, did you see that girl?&quot;
 &quot;How could I miss her?&quot; I replied.
 &quot;Yeah, she's hot.... and into some kinky shit. I need to find a girl
  like that.&quot;
 &quot;Don't we all.&quot; I said as he finished counting out my change. I
  strolled out to the car and a waiting Sarah.

 I unlocked the doors and Sarah got in. I could tell she was upset. She might
  have even been a little angry at me. I chose to ignore it. &quot;So, what movies
  did you get?&quot;
 &quot;That was terrible! I hate that kind of stuff.&quot; Yes, she was angry.
 &quot;Sarah, I don't care! You wouldn't have had to do it if you could control
  your slutty pussy. You better start learning or it's going to get allot worse.&quot;
 &quot;Yes, I know...I'm sorry.&quot; Her tone was conciliatory.
 &quot;So, show me what movies you got.&quot;
 &quot;Ummm...Ok.&quot; She dug in the bag for the first one. &quot;It's called
  American Bukake 4.&quot; She mispronounced the word 'bukake'. It was cute.
 &quot;What's that one about?&quot;
 &quot;OH, it's so nasty! I can't even believe people do this. It's where
  they get like 100 guys to all jerk off on one girl. I mean, in her hair, on
  her clothes, in her mouth. All over. YUK!&quot; This was the Sarah I knew and
  loved. Just so adorable.
 &quot;Hmmmm. What's the second one about?&quot;
 &quot;OH MY GOD!! That one's even worse! It's called 'Piss Bucket.' Sick.
  They get girls to drink someone's pee. I mean, who thinks this stuff up! That's
  just... euuuwww. How can anyone get off on that?&quot;
 I was laughing now. &quot;Sarah, you're funny.&quot;
 &quot;I'm not funny. That's nasty!&quot;
 &quot;Sweet heart, you don't think anyone gets off on drinking someone else's
  piss do you?&quot;
 &quot;Well, they sell it in there for pervs to watch and get off on.&quot;
 &quot;True. But, it's not about the piss. It's about the subjugation that
  goes with it. It's a very degrading thing for a girl to have done to her. Don't
  you think?&quot;
 &quot;Well duh!&quot;
 &quot;Right. That's what gets people off. We have a similar relationship
  too you know.&quot;
 She snapped her head around. &quot;Maybe, but you don't make me do nasty
  things like that.&quot;
 &quot;No, I don't.&quot; I didn't have the heart to tell her that later on
  she would be begging for me to do nasty things like that, even if she hated
  it. No, that was a whole other conversation.
 A few minutes later I asked which one she wanted to watch.
 &quot;Neither one! Gross!&quot;
 &quot;Well, your punishment isn't over. You have to pick one. I don't care
  if you flip a coin, or pick one out of the bag, or let me chose. You're going
  to watch one of them.&quot;
 &quot;Ohhh, can't I just watch a normal porn? They're nasty too.&quot;
 &quot;Sarah, there is no such thing as 'normal' porn. You need to get this
  notion of normalcy out of your pretty little head. Now chose one.&quot;
 &quot;Uggg. Well, if I have to watch one, I guess I'd rather watch the Bukake
  thing.&quot; She pronounced it wrong again. I snickered. &quot;What's so funny?&quot;
 &quot;You're saying it wrong.&quot;
 &quot;And, how do you know how to say it?&quot;
 &quot;Trust me Sarah, I know.&quot; 
 &quot;So, how do you say it?&quot;
 I told her and she looked down at the title for a few seconds. She put the
  box back in the bag satisfied that I was right. 

 We finally arrived back at my place. I asked Sarah to call her mom and ask
  to stay the night. If she couldn't stay, then I would send Sarah home. It was
  too late to start in on the rest of the activities.
 She called and Mom and asked to stay the night. Just then my phone rang.
  It was Tom with some good news regarding Sarah's mom. I stepped out to the
  back patio. Sarah was still on the phone with her mother.
 Tom informed me that Mr. COO had been able to swing the job offer. It was
  very lucrative. A huge salary increase with an additional promotion. She would
  be the new night shift ICU nurse manager. They spoke with mom yesterday afternoon
  and she seemed very receptive. I knew it was a big jump for her. Sarah had
  already told me that her mom had been passed over once for promotion already.
  Evidently mom was still holding a grudge. Now, I just needed to know how mom
  felt about letting Sarah stay with me. I looked back in the house to see Sarah
  sitting at the dinette. She was still on the phone with mom and she seemed
  a little upset. I knew why. 
 I hung up with Tom and went back in the house. Sarah was pleading with mom
  about something. Then she said &quot;OK mom, he's right here. You can ask him
  if you don't believe me.&quot; She handed the phone to me.
 I said &quot;Hi.&quot;
 &quot;Well, hi.&quot; 
 Sarah yelled out &quot;Ask him mom!&quot;
 &quot;Oh jeez.&quot; She said. &quot;Look I don't want to put you in any
  kind of position here.&quot;
 Sarah yelled out again. I covered the phone and told her to be quiet.
 &quot;Yeah, she's a little upset. Look, here's the deal. I just got a job
  offer at another hospital three hours away. I'm pretty sure I'm going to take
  it. Sarah, of course, is upset because she'll have to move away from her friends
  and all that. I understand. Anyway, like I said before. I don't want to pressure
  you at all. I mean, if it's not Ok don't be afraid to tell me, but she wants
  to stay in town. It's probably not a bad idea. You know, it's not like I'm
  going to be three states away, and the work schedule and all...I just wont
  have enough time to spend with her, kind of like it is now, come to think of
  it. Anyway, she insists that it would be Ok if she stayed with you to finish
  out the school year. Now look, before you say anything. I want you to know
  that what ever you decide is Ok with me, and.....&quot;
 I interrupted. &quot;Sure. That would be great. I absolutely don't have a
  problem with that.&quot;
 Mother sounded surprised. Well, what did she think I was going to say? 'No,
  I don't want your sexy little daughter to share a bed with me.' &quot;Well...alright.
  That was easy enough.&quot; Sarah looked so happy. She was beaming. 
 &quot;I told you.&quot; She shouted.
 &quot;Yeah, I guess she did. Ummm, how about we meet tomorrow to talk more
  about it?&quot; Mom conceded.
 &quot;That's fine. How about my place?&quot;
 &quot;Sure, I'd like to see this mansion she keeps talking about.&quot;
 I laughed. &quot;Oh. It's hardly a mansion. What time's good for you?&quot;
 &quot;I'm heading down to the other hospital tomorrow to have a few interviews.
  I probably wont be back until 5:30 or so. How about 6:00?&quot;
 &quot;That'll work for me.&quot;
 &quot;Oh, tell Sarah she can sleep over.&quot; We said our good byes and
  hung up.
 &quot;You're spending the night.&quot; I informed her.
 She jumped off of the stool and hugged me. &quot;Thank you, Thank you, Thank
  you.&quot;
 I hugged her back &quot;This doesn't mean you don't get the rest of your
  punishment.&quot;
 She gripped me harder. &quot;I know.&quot;
Chapter VIII

 I drug Sarah into my Red Room. She was getting much better with her movements.
  I told her to start taking her clothes off as I went over to the wardrobe.
  I selected a very nice, wasp waist Corset. Mr. Epstein had made it. He had
  tailored it to reduce Sarah's waist by up to three inches. I would try my damndest
  to get it there. The corset was made of white silk with blue piping and blue
  satin ribbon lacing in the back. The satin had a nylon core for strength. It
  was a genuine whale bone corset too. This particular piece didn't cover her
  breasts, although it did have a wire under support. I couldn't wait to see
  it on her. 
 Next, I opened up a chest that was lying next to the wardrobe. I pulled out
  a pair of white leather ballet boots. These came to just below the knee and
  they had a wicked seven inch heel on them. They were special ordered to fit
  Sarah's feet. I just loved the way a woman looks when she's wearing ballet
  heels.
 I glanced over at her just as she got the skirt off. Those sky blue panties
  were very damp. I could clearly see the outline of the ring through the thin,
  wet, silk. My cock was rock hard now. Soon, she was completely naked. Well,
  all but the four rings.
 I brought the corset over to her. She stepped into it and shimmied it up,
  past her hips, until it was in place around her waist. I walked her over to
  a bar on the wall and had her grab it. She had to get on her tip toes to reach
  it. It took me quite some time to get that corset laced up tightly. Towards
  the end, Sarah was complaining about not being able to breath. I told her she
  would adjust. 
 Finally, after what seemed like an hour but was more like five minutes, I
  had it tightened as much as I dared. There really wasn't that much left anyway.
  I estimated that I had reduced Sarah's waist by about two and a half inches.
  I told her she could let go of the bar as I stood back to get a better look.
  Her tiny waist was even smaller now. The whale bones were doing an excellent
  job of arching her back. I loved how the under wires lifted her breasts up.
  The whole look was stunning! She was in some discomfort and it showed. If I
  could keep her in corsets all the time, I would. Unfortunately, I didn't think
  the people at school would like it so much. Perhaps over summer break.
 Next, I told her to have a seat on a nearby stool. It was time for the shoes.
  She took one look at them and groaned. Yes, they would be quite uncomfortable
  I assured her. These boots were very nice. Typically, boots zip, but not these.
  I had asked for and gotten a lace up boot. The lacing was exactly like that
  of the corset, blue satin ribbon with a nylon core for strength. They also
  laced up the back. Getting these on her was nearly as difficult as the corset
  but finally, I had them fitted just right and laced all the way up and tight. 
 I sat down, satisfied with my work so far. She was a picture of slutty innocence.
  The white silk and leather was very nice. The blue satin laces all ended in
  a feminine bow. I wanted to watch her move. I pointed to where I had placed
  a bottle of the ointment that Anna had given us. It was on a counter top next
  to a wall. I told Sarah that she needed to apply some of that right now. She
  just sat there for a few seconds until she realized that I wasn't going to
  get it for her. 
 &quot;Uhhh...Sir? I can't walk in these things.&quot;
 &quot;Then crawl.&quot;
 She looked back over at the counter and slowly eased herself off the stool.
  She was now on hands and knees. You should have been there to see that crawl.
  The arch of her back was exquisite. Her tight, naked ass was up in the air,
  begging to be smaked..or fucked, I couldn't decide. That, combined with the
  ballet heels really provided an excellent show. But what really made it interesting
  was her clit piercing. She was unable to crawl without keeping her knees spread
  at least a foot. She looked like a bitch in heat. I told her so and she just
  blushed.
 She finally made it to the counter, but she had to stand up to get to the
  bottle. As she grabbed onto the counter's edge, she planted the left ballet
  toe on the carpet. A slight moan escaped her mouth. Her other foot made contact
  and now she was squatting down, still holding onto the edge of the counter
  with both hands. She had about a two foot wide stance so as not to tip sideways.
  Then finally, she stood upright. It was mesmerizing. I couldn't wait to get
  my cock into that pussy.
 She finally grabbed the bottle and was about to crawl back when I stopped
  her. She just looked so good standing there. I wanted to keep here there for
  a few minutes longer. I instructed her to turn around and apply the ointment
  while standing. 
 &quot;Please. My feet hurt too much. May I sit and do it?&quot;
 &quot;No Sarah. You may not. Do as I say.&quot;
 Slowly, she turned around to face me. The whole image was quite breathtaking,
  what with the silver piercings and white constricting outfit. I was glad that
  the video equipment that this room had was on and recording. I would surely
  watch this video many more times before I die.
 Quickly now, because her feet were becoming more and more uncomfortable,
  she undid the cap on the bottle. Next, she squeezed out a liberal amount of
  gel. This was going to be the fun part. I knew how sensitive her clit was and
  I figured this to be a good show. I wasn't wrong. She looked over at me with
  a wry smile before she applied it. She knew it wasn't going to be easy for
  her either. I made sure to remind her that she was not to cum.
 First contact with the clit elicited a sharp inhale. Her knees bent slightly
  and I though she might fall over. She managed to maintain her balance as she
  began to rub the gel, very lightly on her exposed clit. She could only do this
  for about five seconds at a time before her knees got too wobbly. She would
  apply, rest a few seconds, apply, rest. I had to stop her finally as she was
  beginning to move her hips in that oh so sexy fucking motion when ever she
  touched her clit. I thought that she might cum if I didn't stop her
 I was actually quite impressed with her stamina though. She never seemed
  like she was totally out of control, although the stimulation clearly was intense.
  She was getting much better. She put the gel up and then slowly got back down
  on her hands and knees to make the long, sexy crawl back to the stool. 
 I realized that I wasn't going to be able to control myself without some
  release. I got her attention before she began to crawl. 
 &quot;You're a sexy, sexy slut. Aren't you?&quot;
 She looked over at me and then away. She muttered &quot;Yes Sir.&quot;
 &quot;I need that slutty mouth right now Sarah. Crawl over here. You're going
  to suck my cock. Doesn't that sound like fun?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; This was quite amusing. I knew that dick sucking wasn't
  something she looked forward to, but she was very horny right now. The mix
  of emotions was interesting. 
 She slowly crawled over to me as I unzipped my pants to free my rock hard
  cock. As she crawled, she stared at it with a mixture of lust and dread. She
  wanted to give me pleasure, but she would have rather done it another way.
 She was finally kneeling in between my legs. She looked up at me with the
  sexiest look as she slowly brought her open mouth around my dick. &quot;OH
  god! You slut!&quot; I moaned. She began her ministrations and man, she hadn't
  forgot anything I taught her. She was turning into a very good cock sucker.
  She was continuing to look me in the eyes as her head bobbed up and down on
  my shaft. The view of her face, filled with my cock as those big blue eyes
  stared up at me with that expression of love was enough to make a man cry.
  But, that nose ring added a whole new dimension. It was such a strange and
  sexy thing to see. She definitely had that look of young teenager about her,
  but the nose ring threw it all off. A strange mix to be sure. Very, very erotic
  though.
 Occasionally, she would stop to caress my cock with her tongue. It was exquisite.
  I grabbed the back of her hair very hard and said &quot;I'm going to cum right
  in that slutty little mouth of yours, you naughty, naughty girl.&quot; I could
  never tell if she liked being called those things, but I did know that she
  liked it when I pulled her hair. Her ministrations got quicker as a moan escaped
  her cock filled mouth. After only a few minutes, I was very near. I knew it
  wasn't going to be much longer.
 Finally, my long awaited release came. I grabbed her hair harder and pulled
  her head out about half way. The last thing I saw as I closed my eyes was her
  adoring gaze. I came long and hard, letting a huge amount of jizz shoot into
  her mouth. She continued to move her tongue over the head of my dick as I did
  this. Holy shit, she was really getting good. She swallowed every drop. I opened
  up my eyes and she was still gazing at my face. 
 She hated giving blowjobs, but she liked it so much when she made me cum.
  She liked to see me orgasm, and the knowledge that she was the one who made
  it happen really excited her. She never actually told me any of this, but her
  body language and actions did. She was born to make me happy. It was the only
  thing she wanted to do. 
 As she made her way back over to the stool, I gathered my wits and zipped
  my pants back up. My dick was still half hard. It had been so long since we
  had had any sexual contact that one measly blowjob wasn't going to be enough
  for me. My cock wanted more, and soon.
 
 I forced my train of thought back to the task at hand. That being the rest
  of slutty Sarah's punishment for an unauthorized orgasm. I watched her pull
  herself up and onto the stool. Damn, I loved those ballet heels.
 Once she was seated, I produced a white silk arm binder out of the same wardrobe
  that had housed the corset. This arm binder was lined with leather, again to
  give it strength. I would also be using the same blue satin lacing to tighten
  it down with. Getting this to fit properly was actually the easiest of the
  three garments. Lacing it up, however elicited the most complaints. The thing
  drew her arms back in a stunning fashion. I was able to tighten it enough to
  force her elbows to touch, her flexibility had always been pretty good. This
  had the effect of giving her back even more arch and made her breasts protrude
  out further than the under wire supports did. 
 I then slid her stool over a few feet so it was positioned underneath a pulley
  attached to the ceiling. Next, using a stepping stool, I ran a length of white
  cotton rope through the pulley. I tied one end off to a chalk that was mounted
  into the wall of my special room. I tied the other end to a silver D ring that
  came out of the end of the arm binder. Sarah was growing apprehensive. I grabbed
  a silver spreader bar from one of the over head cabinets and adjusted it's
  length to three feet. Then I attached a set of white leather cuffs to the end
  of the spreader bar. I latched the cuffs to Sarah's ankles, making sure to
  position her feet correctly. She was closely watching what I was doing. I was
  sure she had a few questions, but she never asked. 
 After the bar was all set, I pried up a small piece of carpet to reveal a
  D ring embedded in the floor. I looped another piece of white rope through
  the D ring, then through a hole in the center of the spreader bar. I pulled
  and tied off the rope leaving the bar positioned directly over the D ring.
  She wouldn't be moving her legs very far. 
 I began hoisting the rope that was attached to her arm binder. The more I
  pulled, the more her arms were wrenched upwards. This quickly brought her up
  out of the stool. Now she began to protest. I ignored her. I pulled her up
  to a height I thought would be right, then tied the rope off again. 
 Grabbing two more thin pieces of white cord, I walked over to her. She was
  still moaning and pleading. I gave her butt a hard smack after I moved the
  stool she had been sitting on. That seemed to quiet her down a bit. I tied
  one end of each cord to a nipple ring. Sarah whined a little, but a stern look
  form me shut her up. The other ends of the cord I carefully tied to her ankles,
  just below the leather cuffs, using a slip knot. 
 Next, came a large white ball gag. It was the perfect size, I had done this
  before. I buckled it behind her head after forcing it in her mouth. Then I
  drug what looked like a microphone stand over and positioned it in front of
  her head. This was a 75lbs iron base with a chrome plated pole sticking out
  of it. The height of the pole could be adjusted in the same way as a microphone
  stand. At the top of the pole was a single looped screw. The same type you
  would use to hang a plant. I adjusted the height and position so that it was
  directly in front of her nose ring. Next, I attached a clip to her ring and
  the top of the pole. I then adjusted the height of the pole to force her head
  to look straight ahead. Through it all she was whining in her gag. 
 I now adjusted the rope that was attached to the arm binder, wrenching her
  arms a little higher. Then I went to adjusted the cords attached to her nipples.
  I tightened down the first one, distending her nipple slightly. She jumped
  and yelled through her gag at this. She knew the second one was coming though
  and didn't react as much.
 I stepped back to admire my handy work. You know, seeing this stuff in a
  bondage flick, or a picture just doesn't do it any justice. You really have
  to be there in person. You have to feel the electricity in the room to really
  appreciate a good bondage job done correctly. It's one of life's most exquisite
  pleasures. I mean, here she was. A fifteen year old schoolgirl, wearing a very
  constricting corset and forced up on the tips of her toes because of the outrageous
  heels. Then you have a very uncomfortable arm binder that's made even more
  uncomfortable because it's tied up at a forty five degree angle, forcing her
  to bend 90 degrees at the waist. Then the giant gag that forces her mouth open
  to it's limit. To top it off, her breasts are immobilized through the use of
  some very clever knots and her head is forced up to look straight ahead through
  the clever use of her nose ring.
 The immobilization was fantastic. Sure, she could move a little. Mostly all
  she could move was her hips and knees though. And the only place her hips could
  go was down or side to side. The corset, however, really limited the amount
  she could move her hips down. The arch in her back was so great, that she was
  unable to arch it anymore. Thus, if she bent her knees too much, she would
  begin pulling at her nose ring. That and she would painfully wrench her arms
  even more. She couldn't move her feet for two reasons. One was the fact that
  the spreader bar was attached to the floor in the middle. This prevented her
  from picking her feet up. Second, she couldn't move her feet side to side,
  or back and forth due to the combined effect of the nipple tie and spreader
  bar. All that was left were small movements of her waist and limited bending
  of her knees. I'm so damned smart it's scary.
 The last thing to do before I began was to setup the TV. I had one sitting
  on a rolling stand. The stand was exactly like what you would see in a classroom.
  I rolled it over and positioned it about five feet in front of her. Next, a
  placed a mirror on the self below the TV so that I could sit on the stool behind
  her and still see her face. 
 Now, I went over to cabinet and grabbed some fun toys. The first was a leather
  lined ping pong paddle. This would be used strictly to get her attention, should
  it waiver. The second thing I grabbed was a small vibrator. The last thing
  I grabbed was the dildo that Sarah had bought earlier today. She couldn't see
  any of this. I walked back over to the stool and set the vibrator and paddle
  down on a small table nearby. Then I went around to the TV and stood directly
  in front of her, holding the outrageously huge dildo. 
 &quot;Sarah, today you are going to learn all about pussy control. If it's
  the last thing I do, I'm going to teach you how to control your slutty behavior.&quot; I
  was shaking the huge dildo in front of her face, like I would be shaking my
  finger at her. Her eyes were very wide and she just stared at the thing. &quot;You
  absolutely do not have permission to cum at anytime during the viewing of this
  video. Let me make myself clear.&quot; I began gently rubbing the dildo on
  her face. She closed her eyes as a tear fell down her cheek. &quot;If you cum,
  the consequences will be very, very bad. She was mewing and now had her eyes
  open as I stopped touching her face with the dildo. I held it up so she could
  get a good view of it. &quot;If you cum, I wont shove this in your pussy. Do
  you understand? This isn't going in your pussy.&quot; I let that hang in the
  air as I looked at her with a stern face. I actually wasn't going to shove
  it anywhere, but she didn't know that. She thought I was going to force this
  16 inch long, five inch wide monster of a dildo into her sweet, tight asshole.
  Splitting her in two in the process.
 This got her attention. Through the gag I could hear her muffled pleas. In
  actuality, I would be very careful to keep her on the edge, but never let her
  jump off it. I was going to tease her until she couldn't handle it anymore,
  then I would tease her some more. All the while, she would be forced to watch
  the girl in the Bukake film get showered with rivers of cum. I set the dildo
  down on the TV stand right next to the mirror. A reminder to her of what will
  happen if she cums.
 I flipped on the TV and started the movie, skipping the credits. As the opening
  scene began I told her that she was to watch the movie. I moved back behind
  her as the girl was introduced. A very cute, small brunet who was kneeling
  on a plastic sheet wearing tiny white panties and a tight white tank top. The
  film crew was asking her her name, age, where she was from. I could tell right
  off that she wasn't a pro. She had a big smile on her face. They then asked
  her if she liked to eat cum. She enthusiastically said yes. The camera panned
  to show the size of the room and then focused on one of the doors. It opened
  and in came a line of naked guys. They all had hard ons and most were jerking
  off. The camera quickly panned back to the brunet who had a look of surprise
  on her face. She leaned forward to get a better view out of the door to see
  how long the line of men was. The view switched to another camera that showed
  the men in line on the other side of the wall. A bunch of fluffers were in
  there, sucking the guys to maintain their hard ons. There were at least a hundred
  guys in the room and 20 or so fluffers. Sarah was actually paying close attention,
  but her eyes betrayed her disgust.
 The first guy stood in front of the brunet and shot his load in seconds.
  She had her mouth wide open and her tongue sticking out as he came. He sprayed
  it all over her face. The brunet just knelt there with her eyes closed and
  hands on her thighs. After he was done, the next guy approached and he came
  right away. Sarah continued to watch in horror. 
 I took a gander at her pretty hairless pussy. I liked the way her pussy looked,
  so fresh, and unspoiled. It was very erotic to see a pussy that looked like
  it hadn't ever been used sprouting a clit piercing. The wetness was also a
  huge turn on. Her outer lips glistened with her slick secretions. My hard on
  was back with a vengeance. I brought my hand up to her inner thigh and began
  caressing it. Sarah moaned and looked at me through the mirror again. I pinched
  her thigh and in a more forceful tone told her to watch the video. She yelped
  and quickly averted her eyes. 
 I began caressing her thigh. Running my hand up and down both thighs, never
  touching her pussy, but getting oh so close. The brunette by now had a allot
  of cum on her face. The guys were climaxing very quickly. It wouldn't be long
  before she wouldn't be able to open her eyes anymore. Sarah was now moving
  her hips every time my hand got near her pussy to try and make contact. Very
  sexy.
 I continued to do this until they made the brunet hold a bed pan under her
  face to catch the cum that dripped off. This was a shame because she had just
  begun to rub her pussy through her tiny little panties. She needed both hands
  to hold the bed pan in place. Sarah was still watching, a mixture of disgust
  and frustration on her face. 
 I positioned my hand very carefully and watched Sarah's face. I gave the
  clit ring a small flick. She let out a yelp and jumped, causing her nipples
  to stretch against cord that held them in place. She then looked right at me
  and let out a long moan. I smacked her ass and told her to watch the damn video.
  She did, but now her pussy was really wet and she was very aroused. I placed
  my hand on her ass and began to caress it.
 I loved the way her ass cheeks spread when she was bent over, showing her
  tight rosebud. I began to run the side of my hand up and down the valley of
  her sweet ass. She began to move her hips in rhythm. The brunet was now covered
  in cum. Twenty guys must have blown their load on her face. Sarah had her eyes
  half shut, I didn't think she was paying close enough attention. I grabbed
  the paddle and smacked her thigh. She jumped once more and began watching the
  TV. I didn't even have to say anything. 
 I started playing with her asshole now. Using my thumb, I put some pressure
  on it. She actually pushed back. This surprised me. I thought she didn't like
  having her ass penetrated. I guess any stimulation was better than no stimulation.
  I continued my manipulations, but I never stuck my thumb in her ass. She seemed
  to be paying attention to the video. This went on for a few minutes. I noticed
  a drip of fluid from her pussy hit the carpet. She was practically gushing.
  A small drop of girl cream was hanging from her clit ring. Stunning!
 I flicked the ring once more. She jumped a little this time. I think she
  was getting the hang of the nipple bondage. Making sure she was still paying
  attention to the cum covered brunet, I grabbed the vibrator and turned it on.
  It was a small, battery powered unit that had only one setting. She glanced
  at me when she heard the buzz, but only for a second. 
 I touched it very lightly on her inner thigh...just a fraction of an inch
  below her mound. She moaned with wanton lust as she closed her eyes. I pulled
  on the cord attached to one of her nipples. &quot;PAY ATTENTION SLUT!&quot; I
  could tell that she was going to need to be reminded often. She simply wasn't
  learning.
 I began running the vibrator up one thigh and down the other, never quite
  touching her pussy. She was becoming very frustrated now. Her moans became
  whines and her juice kept on flowing. It was soo sexy to watch her move as
  I did this. Every time I got near her pussy with the vibrator, she would bend
  her knees to bring her pussy lower, trying to get even a tiny bit of contact
  with it. What was so hot about this was the fact that when she bent her knees
  much, the heels on her ballet boots would come off the ground, putting even
  more pressure on her toes. I was sure this was painful for her, but her desire
  for pleasure far outweighed her desire to limit the pain.
 I placed the vibrator on her asshole and applied a tiny amount of pressure.
  She reciprocated by pushing back as much as her bonds would allow. Slowly,
  very slowly, I slid the vibrator down past her asshole to just above where
  her slit started. She was going out of her mind. All she wanted was an orgasm.
  I wondered if she had forgotten about the gigantic dildo. Maybe, maybe not.
  I felt it was a good time to remind her though.
 I grabbed the remote and muted the TV. She looked at me with lust filled
  eyes, never stopping her gyrations. &quot;Remember Sarah, that dildo is not
  going in your pussy.&quot; Her eyes went back to the big dildo, but she didn't
  stop moving her hips. Maybe she didn't care. Maybe, right now, she wanted it
  shoved deep inside her asshole. I unmuted the TV and smacked her ass once again,
  admonishing her to continue watching it.
 Well, I would give her a little taste of what she seemed to want then. I
  got up and walked over to another drawer. I rummaged around a few seconds and
  pulled out a polished stainless, five inch long, one inch wide vibrator. I
  turned it on to test the batteries and seeing that they were still fresh, turned
  it back off and sat back down on the stool.
 I placed the vibrator, unlubed and turned off, against her asshole. She,
  once again, pushed back. Once she did, I gave a firm shove forward on the vibrator.
  It sunk in about three inches before she jerked forward. This caused the vibrator
  to exit her ass. Tsk, tsk, tsk, I thought. Now we would have to do this again.
  She was watching me now. This time her eyes were wide with surprise. I touched
  her asshole again with the vibrator and told her to watch the movie as I pushed
  firmly. The vibrator went in about four inches before I stopped. 
 She now pushed back towards me, trying to fuck herself deeper. I looked at
  her again and her face was flushed with lust and pain. The dry vibrator was
  sure to cause some discomfort at first, but she was so turned on right now
  that she didn't care. Still, she kept her eyes on the movie, only occasionally
  rolling them to the back of her head in ecstasy. I had to be very careful here.
  She was right on the edge and I knew that much more of this would push her
  right over it.
 I let go of the vibrator. Just left it shoved deep in her ass. That was something
  to see. She was now gyrating her hips, but nothing was happening. Just one
  inch of the vibrator was showing. She groaned through her gag in frustration.
  I got the paddle and swatted her ass three times. &quot;Watch the movie, slut.&quot; She
  settled down, occasionally jerking her hips as small spasms of pleasure struck
  her. 
 By now, the bed pan was half full. The brunet's hair was caked with cum and
  rivers of the stuff were draining down her face and into the bedpan. In the
  background, the guys who had jerked off on her already, were now getting their
  dicks sucked by the fluffers. When one of the guys came, he would shoot it
  into two gallon bucket. The finally was going to be fantastic. 
 I kept my hands away from Sarah for a few minutes. I wanted her to come down
  off her high a little. Not too much mind you, just a little. Eventually she
  began to feel the pain again from the strict bondage. She was now standing
  still, only moving to relieve some pressure from one of her aching joints.
  I knew it was time start again.
 I reached over and flipped the vibrator on to low. This brought a coo from
  Sarah's gag stuffed mouth. She ever so slightly began to gyrate her hips again.
  Just small, barely imperceptible motions. I left the vibrator like this for
  several minutes. It seemed to rekindle much of her lust, but she never quite
  got to the edge.
 Next, I grabbed the smaller vibrator and flipped it on. Very carefully, so
  as to surprise her, I brought it up to her clit ring. It was buzzing with a
  ferocity that was sure to send a lightning bolt of pleasure straight into he
  brain. Ever so gently, I brushed it up against the hanging clit ring. The ring
  danced for just a fraction of a second. And during that fraction I wondered
  if I had gone too far. She convulsed. The vibrator that was shoved in her ass
  slid out a few inches as she contracted her sphincter. I quickly removed the
  vibrator. She now had her eyes closed and was breathing very heavily. 
 Dare I shove the ass vibe back into her? I did and she almost came. It was
  soo close for her. It was just barely out of reach. She was now sobbing and
  begging me to let her cum through the gag. What a beautiful thing.
 As her hip movements slowed down, and came to a stop I reached over to the
  ass vibe and slid it in and out of her, very slowly a few times. She began
  moving her hips. I shoved it all the way back in and flipped it up to high.
  I wondered how much of that she could take. 
 She wasn't paying any attention to the TV now so I grabbed the paddle and
  gave her ass a hard smack. She reluctantly opened her eyes all the while she
  was making little mewing sounds and gyrating her hips so much that she would
  stretch the nipple cords on her upswing. Damn, I bet she would give anything
  to cum right now. and it was building rather quickly.
 Her pussy was flowing, drool had escaped from behind the gag and began dripping
  down her chin. Her eyes were only half open. She wasn't really paying any attention
  to the TV. Her sounds now changed to short quiet grunts. It was very, very
  near. I kept a close eye on her and at just the right moment, I quickly yanked
  the vibrator out of her ass. Her eyes shot open and she looked at me, soon
  realizing that I wasn't going to finish the job. Tears of frustration welled
  up in her eyes as she continued to gyrate her hips in a futile attempt to find
  relief. It was so sexy to see her sphincter opening and shutting, searching
  for the vibrator that was no longer there.
 I pried my eyes off her sex and grabbed the paddle once more. I smacked her
  ass five times. Through the pain, she managed to refocus her attention, at
  least partially on the video. A half minute later, I replaced the vibrator.
  It was now set on it's 'low' setting. I swatted her again telling her that
  the finally was coming and I didn't want her to miss it.
 Somewhere along the way, the brunet had dumped the contents of the bedpan
  on her hair and face. She now had so much cum on her, I couldn't make out her
  facial features. Cum had soaked her tight tank top and panties. Puddles of
  cum were in the folds of the plastic sheet she kneeled on. In the background
  the two gallon bucket was half way filled up and most of the guys had left
  the room. I figured that just these five were left. The fluffers in the meantime
  were bobbing their heads to elicit one more load form each. After a few minutes,
  all the guys had cum and left the room. Now it was just two fluffers and the
  camera crew. I made sure that Sarah was watching the spectacle. 
 The fluffers each grabbed one side of the bucket and brought it over to the
  brunet. The director positioned them so the camera could get a good shot of
  this. I smacked Sarah's ass to make sure she was paying attention to the TV
  and not the vibrator shoved up her ass. She was.
 The director then told the brunet to tilt her head back and open her mouth.
  As she opened it, globs of cum fell inside and she began to lick her lips clean.
  Just then, the fluffers started pouring one gallon of cum on her face. Their
  aim was good. A huge amount of cum managed to pour into the brunet's mouth
  before she closed it and tilted her head back down in a reflexive reaction
  to try and maintain her breath. She started coughing, cum spurting out of her
  mouth. The fluffers poured the rest all over her hair until only a small trickle
  of gooey cum came out of the bucket. They set the bucket down and left as the
  camera did a close pan up and down the brunet's body. 
 It finally focused on her face as she was wiping the cum out of her eyes.
  The director asked if she still liked eating cum. She gave a little chuckle
  and said no. The picture faded to black.

 I need to explain two things to you. Sarah had long ago, when we first began
  to fool around, told me that her hymen wasn't intact. She explained that she
  was a virgin, but she had accidentally popped her cherry once when she masturbated.
  This was somewhat disappointing, but I couldn't do anything about it.
 The second thing was that I didn't have to worry about getting her pregnant.
  When I was in high school, I had had a very unfortunate sports accident. It
  had left me with a very low sperm count. Oh, don't worry, every thing is in
  place and functioning, it just doesn't function properly.
 It's actually very convenient. As long as I know my partner is disease free,
  like Sarah is, I don't have to wear any protection. Also, I can get a girl
  pregnant anytime I want. I'm a rich man remember? I can afford the cost of
  invitro fertilization. 

 So, this was it. This was the moment I had waited for. I was going to fuck
  my slutty angel for the first time. Over the past month, I had carefully planned
  this day. The day I would make her mine forever. I had made some mistakes,
  but everything had turned out for the better.
 I had long ago decided that her first time was going to be under strict bondage.
  I wanted to be sure that she knew who owned her pussy. I wanted her to realize
  that I would take it whenever, and wherever I pleased. No soft, romantic love
  making now. Perhaps later, but not for her first time. 
 I wanted the event to be dramatic in a most memorable manner. I knew that
  she wouldn't soon forget her first fuck if she was strung up like she was right
  now, helpless and unable to contribute to, or deny my advances. Yes, she would
  realize at this moment that I had complete and total control over her. Even
  something as delicate and precious as her virginity couldn't satiate my desire. 
 She was looking at me now, probably expecting to be let down. I stood up
  and her eyes followed me. I had decided to leave the vibrator in her ass as
  I took her virginity. This would make very plain the fact that she was my plaything.
  If I wanted to rip her virginity from her as she was being fucked in the ass
  by a metal vibrator, I would..and could. I wanted it to be crystal clear what
  this was all about. Power and control. Not some loving, delicate act. There
  was plenty of time for that later.
 In the same vein, I wanted her to enjoy the experience. I wanted her to have
  a thunderous orgasm. I wanted her to enjoy being treated like a fuck toy. I
  wanted any doubt about that fact to be erased right here and now, and I could
  think of no better way than to defile her virginity while she was strung up
  like a sex toy, all the while cumming like a true slut. That's one of the reasons
  for denying her orgasms over the last hour. Her pussy was hot, bothered and
  ready for my cock, even if her brain wasn't.
 This would be a defining moment for her. A life changing moment. If all goes
  as planned, she will never think of sex the same way again. No, the 'knight
  in shining armor' fantasy will die right here and now.
 I unzipped my pants and let them drop to the carpet. I stepped out of them.
  My cock was trying in vain to burst through my boxers. Sarah now had a very
  surprised look on her face. She realized what was about to happen. She began
  to coo as she moved in her bonds. Her height was just about perfect. The ballet
  shoes brought her pussy right to the level of my cock. 
 I dropped my boxers and stepped behind her. As I ran my cock up and down
  her ass crack I told her that she was allowed to cum as much as she wanted.
  She closed her eyes, impatiently awaiting my entry. 
 I placed the head of my dick on her pussy lips, as I steadied her with my
  free hand. She stopped moving, readying herself for my thrust. I took one last
  look into the mirror and her eyes were shut in anticipation. 
 I quickly drove my cock all the way into her pussy and I started sawing back
  and forth very roughly. As my groin came into contact with her ass it made
  a sharp loud slapping sound and I could feel the vibrator hitting my stomach.
  I got about five thrusts completed before Sarah shuddered and began to scream
  in pure ecstasy. It was a thing of beauty. Her body convulsed as her scream
  grew onto loud, high pitched grunts. Her pent up arousal let itself all out
  in one violent orgasm.
 I grabbed her tiny, corset restricted waist with both hands to steady myself
  against her furious movements. Although I couldn't see it, I knew she was stretching
  her nipples a great deal, adding a bit of pain to the unbelievable pleasure
  she was now experiencing. 
 Her pussy was spasming also, milking my cock. Trying to suck it deeper. I
  continued my animal like thrusts for a few more seconds before I too exploded.
  It was the most fantastic orgasm I had ever had. My spasming cock only added
  to the many sensations she was experiencing. She just kept on cumming and cumming
  and cumming as I continued to pump my jizm into her. 
 I saw the face of god! It was a truly religious experience. Even after I
  had spurted the last of my cum, she continued to shudder. Finally, as my dick
  grew limp, she slumped in her bonds. Her knees bending as much as the arm binder
  would allow. She rested her nose on the pole and took as deep a breaths as
  the corset permitted. 
 Eventually, I pulled out of her and crashed back onto the stool. We stayed
  like that for several minutes. She moved first, straightening her knees to
  relieve the stain on her shoulders. I reached out and caressed her inner thigh.
  She mewed at the touch. I brought my hand up to the vibrator and pulled it
  out. Her cunt was still occasionally spasming and I saw a tiny bit of my white
  fluid leak out.

 I realized that she had been in this position for over an hour. I knew the
  shoes wouldn't do any permanent harm, their craftsmanship being of the highest
  quality, but I knew her feet were in considerable discomfort. I gathered myself
  and raised up off the stool, grabbing my boxers and pulling them up as I went.
  I spent the next few minutes undoing her nipple ropes, nose clip, the rope
  holding her spreader bar to the floor and the rope holding her arm binder up.
  Gently, I laid her on the carpet. 
 She rolled to her side and gazed up at me with complete love and affection.
  She was still in a state of bliss. I sat back down on the stool and looked
  upon my bound angel, lying there helpless and loving it. Soon though, my cock
  started to get hard again. I really thought I was done, but I surprised myself.
  I guess the weeks of anticipation really had an effect on me.
 She noticed the erection too as it tightened against my boxers. A smile developed
  around her gagged mouth. She thought she was going to get fucked again, and
  she was right. Only this time I had decided to fuck that sweet ass.
 I figured there was no better way to drive my point home, that being, her
  deflowering didn't make her a woman, it made her a fuck slut. I was going to
  ride that tight little ass hole until I came or passed out. 
 I got off my stool and grabbing her arm binder, flipped her back on her stomach.
  I then pulled her until her ass was off the ground. She was on her knees ,
  face down in the carpet. She was cooing again, wanting my cock. I wondered
  if she would still want it after she knew where it was going. 
 I shed my boxers again and fisted my shaft as I positioned myself behind
  her splayed legs. Then I rubbed my cock up and down her ass crack. My dick
  was still lubed up fairly well from the fuck I had a few minutes ago. I was
  glad it was, I didn't want to hurt her too bad. 
 I placed the head of my dick against her asshole and she yelped in fright.
  Now she knew where it was going. She fruitlessly tried to crawl forward, but
  I just grabbed a handful of hair and forced the head of my rock hard cock inside. 
 Her eyes were wide open now as she grunted from the unwanted penetration.
  I thrust farther inside and without too much difficulty buried my shaft deep
  inside her asshole. She was no longer trying to move away. I was unsure if
  she realized the futility of it, if she was actually facilitating her own ass
  rape, or if the movement increased the pain. 
 I really didn't care either way. I was too occupied with the intense pleasure
  I was feeling at this moment. Even though the vibrator had loosened her ass
  hole, it still wrapped around my shaft like a second skin. My dick has a much
  wider girth than that vibrator. 
 I kept my cock shoved in her ass like this. I didn't pump, I didn't move.
  I had fucked a few other girls in the ass, but I had never fucked anyone in
  the ass for the first time. I had sure as hell never felt an ass as tight as
  this one. Even after all the anal training we had done before...even after
  I had used that vibrator on her ass, it still felt like a virgin hole. Unbelievable.
 I looked down at her face, and saw that her eyes were tightly shut. It seemed
  that she just wanted it over with, but I wasn't about to comply. Despite the
  tightness, despite the novelty, despite the way her sphincter kept contracting
  around my cock, I knew that this was going to be quite a long ride. It was
  bound to be what with the two previous orgasms I had experienced within an
  hour and a half of each other. She was going to get ass fucked and good. 
 I slapped her ass and this caused her to open her eyes. She craned her neck
  to look back at me. Her face pleaded with me, but she never uttered a sound. &quot;Who's
  ass is this?&quot; I slapped it again. She just looked at me. I pulled my cock
  back and slammed it home. &quot;Who's ass is this?&quot; I said louder. She
  quietly muttered something from around her gag. That wasn't good enough. I
  pulled all the way out and immediately slammed back into her. She let out a
  grunt &quot;Who's is it?&quot; A louder, garbled and grunted 'yours' escaped
  her. I thrust again. &quot;That's right slut. It's mine! My ass.&quot; I thrust
  again. &quot;My cunt.&quot; I thrust again. &quot;My fuck toy.&quot; I thrust
  again. &quot;Say it slut. What are you?&quot;
 &quot;Ooouu puck poy&quot; came her gagged reply.
 I began to slide my cock in and out of her ass in a slow steady rhythm. &quot;That's
  right. Don't forget it.&quot; In and out, in and out. &quot;You're my fuck
  toy.&quot; She began moving her hips in rhythm now. Yes, I knew her body would
  betray her. Physically, she became very aroused when her ass was played with.
  I knew this from previous occasions when I had used a plug and the one time
  she actually came from that vibrating egg. Mentally, I knew, she didn't much
  care for it though.
 Still, she couldn't stop herself from wanting it. She began rotating her
  pelvis to try and gain some contact with her pussy. I continued to fuck her
  in a slow, steady rhythm. After a few minutes of this, She began to grunt every
  time my cock went deep. She was a slutty little whore.
 I began slapping her ass as I drove my cock deep. Eventually, I began to
  speed up. Faster, faster, faster. I still smacked her now red ass and she still
  moved her body in a sexual rhythm with my penetrations. Her eyes were closed
  again, this time in rapture. She was now breathing in a shallow staccato fashion.
  It wouldn't be long before she came. 
 I really started to drive it home and seconds later her body convulsed with
  the first wave of multiple orgasms. I continued to drill her ass as she writhed
  and screamed and shook. It lasted for what seemed like days. I knew she would
  cum, I had counted on it, but I didn't think she would explode like this. It
  was volcanic. Nearly the equivalent to her earlier orgasm. I was actually quite
  surprised... and pleased. 
 The movements hastened my own orgasm. It had been building over the past
  ten minutes and was now at a full boil. As I continued to thrust ever harder,
  it continued to grow. I came just as Sarah was coming down off her own high.
  It was fantastic. Even though my balls were nearly empty, It felt just as good
  as the cum I had only a few minutes ago. 
 Sadly, I had been fucking her for only about fifteen minutes. Much shorter
  than I had anticipated. It was impossible to maintain one's composure while
  fucking such a lovely, tight ass. However, I was sure to get allot of practice
  at increasing my stamina in the very near future. 
 I finally pulled my semi flaccid dick out of her asshole. It continued to
  stay wide open for a few minutes. SOOO slutty. Damn, this was fun! I couldn't
  decide which aspect I liked more. Was it the dominance? Was it the bondage?
  Was it the fact that I was doing all these things to an inexperienced young
  girl? Who cares? All I knew was that I liked it...ALOT.

 She had been in the arm binder for an hour and a half. I knew it needed to
  come off, but I had to recover first. Eventually, I began undoing the lacing.
  Gently, very gently, I positioned her sore, tired and motionless arms at her
  side. Next, I unbuckled the gag. After I removed it, I massaged the her jaw,
  trying to ease her discomfort. 
 Soon, though she was able to flip herself over on her back. She gazed up
  at me as I began taking the spreader bar off her ankles. I looked up, in between
  her legs and saw that her pussy was glistening and a bit of cum ran out of
  her still gaping ass hole. I figured she needed a drink, what with all the
  liquid she had shed.
 I walked out to the kitchen and got us each a bottle of water. She was still
  laying on the floor as I came back in the room. She had her eyes closed, but
  at the sound of my movements, she opened them to look at me. I silently handed
  her the water. She sat up with a little groan, her body was obviously quite
  sore. She grabbed the water and greedily drank it all down in about thirty
  seconds. 
 &quot;May I take the shoes off, Sir?&quot; She queried.
 &quot;Do your feet hurt much?&quot;
 &quot;Not to terribly bad, but they did when I was standing.&quot;
 &quot;Interesting. So, your saying that just having them on doesn't hurt
  so much?&quot;
 She nodded her head. &quot;Yes Sir, not too bad. You know, they just ache
  a little.&quot;
 &quot;Well, lets have a look.&quot; I set my water bottle down and began
  to untie the lacing to her boots. Slowly, I peeled them off. I gently took
  hold of one of her feet and began moving it around. She sucked in her breath
  a little as I began to pivot the foot into a normal position.
 &quot;Does that hurt?&quot;
 &quot;They're just a little stiff, that's all.&quot;
 I knew that the foot can be trained to wear ballet heels all the time. I
  also knew that almost always the training led to permanent tendon damage. Well,
  not really damage so much as a shortening of the Achilles Tendon. This condition
  caused the foot to be painful whenever it stood flat. Consequently the woman
  must wear high heels at all times so as not to induce pain. This was about
  as far as my knowledge of it went. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if I were
  wrong. I made a mental note to check into it later. 
 In the mean time her feet looked remarkably undamaged. No visible bruising
  and just a slight amount of tenderness on the toes. At this point I decided
  to put the boots back on her. She would wear them for the night. I explained
  this to her and she looked disappointed. Not scared or mad, no, simply disappointed.
  I took it as a good sign.
 I put the boots back on and laced them up. She didn't fight me at all. I
  had them laced up before she asked if she could use the bathroom. I told her
  to wait as I got up and went over to the chest that had housed the boots. I
  rummaged around and pulled out two white leather straps.
 These came with the boots as you might imagine. They were designed to slip
  onto the tops, using padlocks, in such a way as to cover the bow of the lacing.
  Once attached, she wouldn't be able to unlace the boots without cutting the
  satin ribbon. I attached them and she seemed unconcerned. Interesting.
 I gave her permission to use the bathroom and sat down to watch her crawl.
  She only got a few feet away before she remembered her clit ring and began
  to do that sexy, legs wide crawl. So lovely. 
 As she made her way to the bathroom I couldn't help but think upon the change
  I saw in her over the last two hours. She seemed to understand her place in
  my life like never before. Her unabashed acceptance of the boots were proof
  of this and her mannerisms were a further indication.
 She was now in the bathroom and was about to close the door when I decided
  to to test her on this. I instructed her to leave the door open. Reluctantly,
  but without protest, she did. 
 Acceptance. That was what I saw. She now accepted my directions without arguments
  or pleas. I wondered if it was because of the after glow of the fucking she
  just received. I wondered if tomorrow morning she would be like her normal,
  disobedient self. We would see. So far, however, I liked her current attitude.
 She finished up and I glanced at the clock on the wall. It was nearly eleven
  P.M. Not quite my normal bedtime, but the fucking had taken allot out of me.
  I was ready to sleep. Just a few more things had to be done before I laid down
  for a much deserved slumber. 
 I got back out of the chair as she came crawling back into the room. I told
  her to stay put as she approached the same spot she had been lying in earlier.
  I went over to another cabinet and retrieved a white leather collar, a length
  of chain and a pair of white leather wrist cuffs. 
 She continued to stay on hands and knees as I approached. All the while she
  was looking at the restraints with the knowledge that she would soon be wearing
  them. One of the things she did like was to be bound. She made no qualms about
  it. She seemed always eager to be tied up when ever I produced the equipment.
  I liked this about her. She was always eager to be under my control. 
 I had her get up on her knees and began attaching the collar. It was an inch
  and a half wide with a single D ring in the front. Well, in this case, it would
  be in the back. I locked it snuggly around her neck as she looked adoringly
  at me. I went around behind her and began attaching the cuffs using a set of
  small padlocks. Next, I locked one end of the chain to the D ring in her collar
  and brought the other end to meet her wrist cuffs. I secured both ends using
  another set of padlocks. The chain was short enough that it forced her hands
  up to the middle of her corset restricted back. 
 Now we were ready to go to sleep. I helped her up on her toes by grabbing
  her left arm with my left hand and the back of her hair with my right hand.
  Once she was balanced, I began to move her forward. 
 She was grimacing in pain as the tips of her toes took her full weight. The
  sight of her trying to walk was something to see, I tell you. And she tried
  very hard. We made our way out of the room and slowly approached the stairs.
  My hands had never rescinded their grip and as we climbed the stairs, I continued
  to hold her tightly.
 Eventually, we got to my room and went in. I sat her on my bed and went into
  the bathroom to take a shower and brush my teeth. As I shut the door, she was
  sitting there on my bed gazing at me with those adorable big, blue eyes.
 Twenty five minutes later I emerged from the bathroom in just a pair of boxers
  and to my surprise, Sarah was still sitting on the edge of the bed. She hadn't
  move a single inch. 
 &quot;Were you waiting for me?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot;
 &quot;You could have laid down you know.&quot;
 &quot;I didn't want to lay down until you were with me.&quot;
 &quot;Sarah, you're so adorable.&quot;
 &quot;Are you happy Sir?&quot;
 &quot;Oh yes...very.&quot;
 &quot;Happy with me?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sarah, you've been a very good girl. I'm very pleased with you
  right now.&quot;
 &quot;I love you.&quot;
 I approached her, bent down and gave her a long sensual kiss. &quot;I love
  you too.&quot; I scooted her up the bed and pulled the sheets back. &quot;Now,
  lay down. It's time for bed.&quot;
 &quot;Sir?&quot;
 &quot;Yes?&quot;
 &quot;Will I be wearing this corset all night long also?&quot;
 &quot;Yes, of course you will.&quot;
 &quot;Ok.&quot;
 It wasn't so much a plea or hint as it was a question to simply gain information.
  Perhaps she had changed. She lay down and with some help from me, was able
  to get her ballet boots under the covers. Her restrained arms wouldn't allow
  her to lay on her back comfortably, so she flipped over on her side, facing
  the as yet unoccupied portion of the bed. 
 I went around to my side and as I reached over to flip the lamp off, she
  reminded me that she had school tomorrow. I informed her that she wouldn't
  be going to school. I flipped the light off and got under the covers. She inched
  herself over to me. I wrapped my arm around her head and stroked her silky
  blond hair. I fell asleep in seconds.

 I woke up late in the night. She had one of her ballet covered legs wrapped
  over my leg. She was running it up and down my thigh, making contact with my
  semi ridged dick as she did it. Her head was on my chest, giving me short light
  kisses and I could feel her nose ring run over my skin as she did. She was
  breathing rather heavily and I could feel her wetness on my thigh. Occasionally
  she would rotate her pelvis to make just the lightest contact with her pussy
  and pierced clit. When she did this, she would let out a low moan. I wondered
  how long she had been doing this. I knew she was very aroused right about now.
  She was only a minute or two from cumming. The clock said it was 2:48 in the
  morning.
 I grabbed the back of her hair, pulling her head up off my chest. She froze
  as I spoke. &quot;Sarah. You absolutely do NOT have permission to cum. If you
  know what's good for you, you'll stop and try to get some sleep.&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir. I'm sorry sir.&quot;
 It took me longer to fall back to sleep this time. Her head continued to
  rest on my chest and her leg was still draped over mine, but she lay still,
  trying to get herself under control. Finally, after a few minutes I dozed off.
 32 minutes later I awoke again. Somehow, without waking me she had managed
  to crawl down the bed, in between my legs. My boxers were pulled down, freeing
  my now rock hard cock and she was fucking it with her mouth. Long slow sensually
  bobs of her head. Occasionally letting it fall out of her mouth and licking
  the shaft. Holy shit that felt good! I huge smile came across my face as I
  just lay there feigning sleep. 
 I let her do this for a few more minutes, she never went fast enough for
  me to be in danger of cumming. She seemed to know this, just sucking and licking
  my dick to maintain a hard on. I wondered how she had learned this. Despite
  her apprehension with regards to cock sucking, she was getting very good at
  it.
 Finally, I stirred. She stopped and whispered. &quot;Sir?&quot; Wanting confirmation
  that I was awake.
 &quot;Yes slut.&quot;
 Louder now she asked in the cutest, most pleading voice. &quot;Sir. Will
  you please make love to me...pleaaasssee?&quot;
 &quot;Sluts don't make love. They get fucked.&quot;
 &quot;OHHH, please Sir. Will you fuck me?&quot;
 &quot;Does my fuck slut need a cock in her?&quot;
 She gave my cock another long slow lick up it's length. &quot;OH, yes Sir.
  Please.&quot;
 I threw the sheets back, exposing her. There she was, kneeling, bent over
  in between my legs. Her face was inches form my hard on as she looked up at
  me. Her eyes said it all. Her twat was hungry for my cock, wanting it badly
  enough to suck my dick. I grabbed a handful of hair and yanked her up to the
  top of the bed. I positioned her, face down, on her knees. She spread them,
  as she waited impatiently for my cock to fill her wet hole. She was cooing
  now. Breathless pleas were escaping her mouth. 
 I positioned myself behind her and slapped her ass herd to get her attention.
 &quot;This is the last time you're ever going to get your slutty pussy fucked
  for free. From now on, you're going to have to earn a cunt fuck. You're going
  to have to be a very, very.....very good girl to feel my dick inside your pussy.
  Do you understand slut?&quot;
 In between deep, lust filled breaths she replied. &quot;Yes Sir. But haven't
  I been a good girl? You liked your blow job?&quot;
 &quot;Sluts don't give blow jobs. Sluts suck cock or they get their face
  fucked.&quot; I slapped her ass again. &quot;Say it.&quot;
 &quot;OHHH!&quot; she cried out as my hand came down. &quot;Yes Sir, did...did
  you like your cock s..s..sucked?&quot;
 &quot;Yes, you nasty girl, but good girls don't wake someone up late at night
  fucking them with their mouths for their own selfish needs.&quot; I had positioned
  the head of my cock at her entrance. As soon as I finished the sentence, I
  thrust deep inside her. She let out a long loud grunt. 
 &quot;You've been a very slutty girl haven't you Sarah?&quot; I kept my cock
  buried.
 &quot;Yes Sir. I've been a bad girl...soo bad.&quot; She squeaked out through
  her bliss.
 I pulled back and thrust violently into her again. &quot;What are you Sarah?&quot;
 &quot;I'm..I'm a slut!&quot; As she moved her pelvis to hasten her relief.
 &quot;NO! You're my fuck slut.&quot;
 &quot;OH GOD YES! Your fuck slut!&quot; She was in the throws pf passion.
  Her orgasm was only seconds away.
 I began to drive into her, fucking her like an animal. Pounding her like
  a jackhammer. She came just ten seconds later. She screamed and writhed and
  panted and grunted. Her hands strained against her bonds, pulling her collar
  tight around her throat. Her pussy was milking my cock. It was so very tight,
  but I knew I still had a few minutes to go.
 I fucked her hard. Driving my cock all the way into her, giving her orgasm,
  after orgasm. Her silky smooth pussy felt so damned good. It was nearly as
  tight as her asshole. I continued to fuck her, feeling my orgasm build. With
  one final push, I buried my cock to it's base and let out a grunt as I spurt
  my cum inside her. She was still having small orgasms, even minutes after her
  initial, large orgasm.
 Spent, I fell back onto the bed. She was still kneeling, face buried into
  her pillow. Her ass was moving rhythmically with her small shudders of pleasure.
  Eventually, she calmed down. My cock was still half hard. 
 &quot;Clean my cock off whore.&quot;
 Without protest, she scooted her way down and began to suck my now half flaccid
  dick. Slurping her own pussy juice off. She looked up at me and in the moonlight
  that came into my window, I could see a single tear fall down her cheek. It
  wasn't a tear of shame or hurt. It was a tear of love. A deep unbreakable love.
  She was mine and she knew it.
 I told her to stop, and she crawled back up next to me, snuggling against
  me. I pulled my boxers back on and fell asleep seconds later.

 I awoke that morning with the sun's rays falling on the carpet at the foot
  of my bed. It was 8:30. I had morning wood. Sarah was still sound asleep, nestling
  her body against mine, her head resting on my outstretched arm. I bent my elbow
  to run my hands over her bonds. Gently tugging the chain that cascaded down
  the back of her corset. 
 She stirred at my touch. I ran my hand down to the twin globes of her perfect
  ass. She moved her head, now fully wake as she arched her back to drive her
  ass further into my hands. 
 I looked at her face and saw that she was staring at me. Pure unadulterated
  love was written all over it. She turned her head and gave my arm little kisses,
  her nose ring dragging across my arm. 
 &quot;Good morning slut.&quot; She cringed at the use of the word. It was
  funny. She seemed to get off on the degradation while she was in the throws
  of passion, but she hated it when I called her these things during our tender
  moments. The name calling reminded her of what she had done. Yes, in her more
  lucid moments, she didn't like it, because she could comprehend the meaning
  better. Oh well, she would get used to it.
 She whispered her own good morning as I threw back the covers. 
 &quot;I need my cock sucked.&quot; It was all I said and all I had to say.
  She muttered a 'yes sir.' as she scooted herself down towards my waiting hard
  on. She pulled the boxers down with her mouth and my cock leapt out, stiff
  as a board.
 She began sucking. It seemed even better this time than when she was doing
  it last night. I was determined, however, to hold out as long as I could. I
  wanted this feeling to last.
 She bobbed her head and licked my shaft. She even tried to take it down her
  throat a few times, gagging in the process. I actually thought she might be
  enjoying this. It went on for quite a while. Once, she even managed to get
  a little down her throat before she pulled back choking. Still, she never stopped.
  She would glance up at me every now and then, checking to make sure that I
  was enjoying myself.
 It took twenty minutes for me to shoot my load into her mouth. She sucked
  at it like a baby sucks a bottle, greedily swallowing every last drop. She
  watched me throughout my orgasm, pride written across her face. She continued
  to suck and lick my cock clean until it began to go flaccid. I cruelly pushed
  her off, got out of bed and unceremoniously went into the bathroom. I never
  looked back at her. I did this in the hope that I could enforce the thought
  that she was just something to be used. My fuck bucket. A cum repository. 
 As I stood there in the bathroom, getting myself ready for my shower, I wondered
  what she was doing. I wondered if she was horny. I bet she was. I knew the
  clit piercing would always keep her in a state of arousal. I smiled to myself
  knowing that even though I had just used her mouth like a cum rag, knowing
  how much she would hate it, she would still be horny. She would always be horny.
 I emerged from the bathroom, feeling clean and fresh. She was laying face
  down on the bed, her legs parted slightly. She didn't turn to look at me as
  I began to rummage in the closet for some clothes.
 &quot;How do your feet feel?&quot;
 She still didn't turn to look at me as she answered. &quot;Fine.&quot;
 &quot;Good. I'm thinking about having you wear a pair just like them for
  the rest of the day.&quot;
 This got her attention. She turned her head and looked at me with big blue
  puppy dog eyes. &quot;OH please Sir. Please don't do that.&quot;
 Ahhh, this was the Sarah I knew. The selfish, disobedient Sarah I knew. A
  bit of disappointment entered my heart. When would she ever fully submit? When
  would she ever accept my dominance over her? It was so nice last night when
  I opened up my bathroom door to find her submissively waiting on the edge of
  my bed for me. Oh well, her resistance had it's fun moments too.
 &quot;Follow me. You need to clean that slutty body of yours.&quot; I made
  my way into her room, and sat down in front of her computer. She came crawling
  in a few moments later. I unlocked the various locks and loosened the lacing
  of her corset and ballet boots. I pointed towards her bathroom. &quot;Go clean
  up.&quot;
 She obeyed, making the slow, sexy crawl towards it. Before she shut the door,
  she looked over at me. Her face was asking permission to close the door. I
  nodded my head and she shut the door. I yelled out &quot;Do not cum.&quot; as
  the door latched behind her. 
 I flipped on her computer. As I had explained, I knew a little about foot
  training and ballet boots, but I didn't know everything. I had a great resource
  though in a small BBS that was dedicated to the art of BDSM relationships.
  I had been a member for quite some time. I hardly ever posted though, mainly
  because I had very little to add. I was probably one of the most inexperienced
  members. Although, in the past month that had begun to change. 
 Still, the board was populated with some very experienced Doms and Subs.
  They had a wealth of different backgrounds. Some were strictly into pain, some
  were into the more emotionally challenging, full time master/slave relationships.
  Nearly every aspect of a sub/dom relationship was well represented. 
 I also like this BBS because it was fairly private. You had to be invited
  by a member before you could join. This kept the posers and loudmouths from
  polluting the board. Everyone had either empirical evidence, or experience
  to back up what they said. All the info was top notch
 I did a search in the 'how to' section on ballet boots and came up with quite
  a few threads. One in particular interested me. It dealt specifically with
  foot training, or as the they called it, foot shaping. 
 The original poster had asked a question and he got several very good replies.
  But the most informative reply was from an orthopedist. He went into great
  detail on the subject. I read his long, two post reply with rapt attention.
  I was till reading when Sarah emerged from the bathroom, a towel rapped around
  her body.
 I instructed her to drop the towel and kneel at my feet. She obeyed without
  a sound, I diverted my attention back to the post. He talked at length about
  the physical changes associated with foot shaping. He went over the tendons,
  nerves and bones. Explaining how each changed over time. It was a fascinating
  read and very easy to understand. He kept it dumbed down for us non medical
  folks. 
 Four things leapt out at me. The first was that of actual training methods.
  I read through the three approved methods and realized that if I decided to
  train Sarah, I would use what he called 'The Speedy Method'. It consisted of
  ballet and very high heel wearing on a constant basis. The wearer should very
  rarely and for very short times ever be allowed to walk flat footed. If the
  wearer needed to be bare foot, or in flat shoes, then they should walk on tip
  toes so as not to regress. He went on to explain that this method increased
  the pain level, but the results were just as good as the other two methods,
  only much quicker. He called the other two methods, 'The Painless Method' and
  'The Normal Method'. He frowned upon the use of foot braces at night, as they
  weren't nearly as supportive, or comfortable as a well made ballet heel. He
  said that in some cases, they could even cause bone bruises or other damage. 
 Two; The boot should be well constructed and well engineered. If the boot
  was of poor quality, it could lead to permanent and debilitating damage. He
  made it a point to distinguish between the desired results from the undesired
  results. He also gave several contacts of recommended boot makers. One of them
  I had seen before, and in fact this was the person I had used to make the several
  pairs I now owned.
 The third thing that leapt out was that foot shaping, done correctly, could
  be reversed. It just took time and was very painful. Evidently, the pain and
  time it took to reshape a foot back to it's normal state was considerably more
  than the time and pain it took to shape it the other way. He went on to say
  that the time and pain to shape it back flat would increase exponentially the
  longer a foot had been trained to point. 
 The fourth piece of valuable information was about exercise and physical
  activity. He discussed in great detail about what could and couldn't be expected
  of someone who had their foot shaped. He went on about muscle building and
  muscle atrophy. Apparently certain muscles would become much stronger than
  normal while others would weaken greatly. He discussed exercises that sped
  the process and helped in building the required muscles. He talked about rebuilding
  balance and what exercises should be done to help that process. 
 He also discussed the effects the wearer's weight had on the process. Over
  weight, or out of shape folks should not endeavor to shape feet. Too much weight
  in too little of a spot could and would lead to problems. He gave a link to
  a weight/height chart for those who were unsure if they qualified. I didn't
  need to read it, I knew that Sarah was very petite and would have no problems. 
 It was all extremely informative and I wondered why I had missed such an
  interesting thread.
 The very next post was that of his wife. She had been training for four years,
  and long ago passed the point at which wearing ballet heels was a painful experience.
  In fact, she went on to explain, that her feet were most comfortable in the
  embrace of a seven or eight inch ballet heel. In public, she always wore very
  high heels. She could handle no less than five and a half inches without quickly
  fatiguing. If she was to wear only a five and a half inch heel, it would always
  be as a punishment as she would have to stand on her tip toes to take the strain
  off her various tendons. Even on tip toes though, her toes would be bent in
  a fashion that provided a considerable amount of pain. She explained that even
  her most comfortable public shoes, a six and a half inch pair, still caused
  some pain. All this was attributed to the bending of the toes. 
 She went on to testify that the method that the good doctor had used was
  excellent. The exercises had helped her adjust very quickly and her balance
  was now superb. She could even stand on one shaped foot without any trouble.
  She bragged that her balance was better than that of normal folks. I had no
  reason to doubt her.
 All this information made me feel confident that having Sarah wear the heels
  all night and even the rest of the day wouldn't cause her any kind of permanent
  damage. Sure, she would need some time to readjust her feet back to normal
  shoes, but the doctor had assured the board members that foot shaping didn't
  happen in a few days. It took at least a week using 'The Speedy Method' for
  the foot structure to even begin to change. So, those of us who wanted to play
  with them for a few days need not worry. 

 I had been reading the posts for nearly an hour. Sarah had been kneeling
  patiently for at least half the time. I had been sure to position her so she
  couldn't see the monitor. I didn't want her to read any of this. 
 I finally got up out of the chair and she looked at me with anticipation.
  I gave her a one word command &quot;Stay.&quot; As I left the room. 
 I went down the stairs and into the red room to get an outfit that I knew
  would look very, very hot on her. As you might have guessed, I now was the
  proud owner of quite an extensive collection of sexy outfits, lingerie, shoes
  and other fine assortments of fantasy wear. My collection had grown quit a
  bit over the past month. I had been keeping Mr. Epstein very busy. So busy
  in fact that his bank account was nearly 25,000 dollars richer. And that was
  just him! The boots, the special silk underwear and some of the more specialized
  leather stuff had all been purchased from other sources than my tailor. I estimated
  that I had closer to 40,000 dollars invested in Sarah's wardrobe. It was worth
  it though. If there's one thing I really like, it's the way a woman looks when
  she's wearing sexy clothes. I admitted to myself that I liked the way young
  girls looked wearing the stuff even more.
 I went back upstairs carrying three boxes. I set them on her bed and Instructed
  her to stand up. She complied as I opened the first box and produced a pair
  of panties. These were innocent to look at, but would be evil for her to wear. 
 They were a black, very high cut, thong back set. Of course they were made
  of the same fine silk all of her new panties were made of. Only, this material
  had a very low thread count. They were so thin that they would almost be transparent
  once they were pulled up. The waist band was a very nice, white ruffled lace.
  It would contrast very nicely with the black silk. The waist band dipped very
  low towards her pubic mound. I was assured that it would just barely cover
  the top of her pussy. A tiny white bow had been sewn at the top of the black
  silk front, just a half inch below the lace. All this was very sexy, but the
  evil part was the fact that these panties were two sizes to small. Once on
  all the way, they would stretch over her pussy very tightly. I wondered how
  well her exposed clit would take to the tight confines. I would soon find out.
 She gently took the panties form my hand and briefly examined them. She finally
  started to draw them up her legs. They were finally in place, but weren't yet
  tight. The small size had forced the manufacturer to use a tried and true technique
  to assure that they wouldn't rip as they went over the hips. In the back, a
  two inch slit parted the waist band enough so the girl could get them up without
  damaging it. The slit was then usually fastened using buttons, but I had them
  replace the button with two tiny stainless eyelets on either side. Sarah was
  standing there, holding the waist band , looking confused. They would barely
  stay on and she obviously thought that odd. I told her to turn around and draw
  the waist band up over her pelvis. She did, but soon realized just how tight
  they were. She relaxed her effort and spoke to me about it.
 &quot;Uhhh, Sir. I don't think they go like that. Their way too tight.&quot;
 I placed one end of the padlock into an eyelet and grabbed the other side
  of the slit. I was preparing to quickly snap the padlock shut after I told
  her to pull again. &quot;Sarah, they do go like that. They're supposed to be
  a little tight. They'll loosen up in a few minutes anyway.&quot; I lied. &quot;Go
  ahead and try again. This time be sure to hold them up and over your hip bone.&quot;
 She gave it another go, sucking in her breath as I quickly snapped the lock
  closed. Now, the lace waistband was biting into her hips, straining against
  the silk fabric that covered her mound. She immediately tried to pull them
  back down a bit, but they weren't going any where. I stepped back as she realized
  what was happening. 
 She quickly turned back around, A low guttural sound escaped her mouth. She
  began begging. &quot;OH GOD! Please Sir! PLEASSSEE! I don't think I can control
  myself. PLEEEASSSEEE take them off. Please, I'll be a good girl. I promise.
  I don't want to disappoint you. PLEASE!&quot; She was tearing at the waist
  band, trying in vain to remove the skin tight silk from her clit. I slapped
  her hands away, fearing that she would rip the expensive panties.
 &quot;I'll tell you what Sarah. I'll give you a choice.&quot; I reached into
  a different box and pulled out a four inch long, one and a half inch wide dildo.
  Well, not really a dildo. This one looked like a dildo, but was actually a
  butt plug. An inflatable butt plug.
 When I picked it out, I was sure she would choose the pleasure of the panties
  over the pain of the plug, but seeing her reaction left me with very little
  certainty that she would choose the former. Well, I'll let her see it when
  it's full size.
 &quot;This can replace the panties&quot; She was about to agree. I shushed
  her and continued to explain. &quot;This will go into your ass. But, let me
  show you it's unique feature before you decide.&quot; I screwed the hand pump
  into the base and began pumping. 
 &quot;You see Sarah, it gets bigger.&quot; I continued to pump. It was now
  five inches long and two inches wide. &quot;Much, much bigger.&quot; It was
  now six inches long and the neck was two and a half inches wide. The body was
  three inches wide. I continued to pump and Sarah's expression changed form
  one of agreement to one of dread. I stopped pumping when it had reached it's
  full size. The neck was now two and three quarters inch thick and the body
  was over three inches thick. It now proudly stood at nearly seven inches long.
 Her chin was quivering, her eyes pleaded and finally she relented. &quot;I...I'll
  wear the panties.&quot;
 &quot;That's a good girl.&quot; They were absolutely stunning. They were
  so tight, I had no trouble following the outline of her clit ring. I thought
  that I could even see her engorged clit pointing up at me. Further down, they
  gave her a fantastic camel toe and they were so tight now, I could actually
  see a little silver form the clit ring showing through the widely spaced threads.
 I could also see a damp spot forming where her fuck hole was. I believed
  her when she said she wouldn't be able to control herself. Just looking at
  the panties and the way they stretched so tight against her clit made me think
  about the sensations she must be experiencing. And, she wasn't even moving
  yet! This was going to be a very fun day.
 At that moment I had an idea. I wanted to control her orgasms and at the
  same time, turn her into a sex craving slut. I had the perfect thing to start
  her on her journey. &quot;Sarah, I have a new rule. You're going to like it
  too. Until I say, you can only climax when your mouth is filled with my cum.
  I want you to understand me. Only when your mouth is filled with cum. This
  means that precum doesn't count, swallowing or spitting doesn't count. You
  must have my full load in your mouth before you cum. Afterwards, you will open
  your mouth so I can make sure you've complied. Also, you may not at any time
  today, touch your pussy. I don't care if you have cum running out your nose,
  you simply wont be allowed. And don't bother begging me to let you, I wont.
  Do I make myself clear?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; She was looking away, embarrassed at the situation she
  was in.
 &quot;Good. Now, you can ask to suck my cock, but, I'm going to be very busy
  today. So, if you want it, you're going to have to convince me of it. If you
  should behave like a slut and cum without permission or a load of cum in your
  mouth, well, lets just say that I have something much worse planned than the
  video store.&quot; I let that hang in the air. She was on the verge of crying. 
 &quot;Now, let's finish dressing you.&quot; I reached down into the box to
  pull out a very revealing French Maid's outfit. I instructed her to put it
  on and with great difficulty, she began to move. It was clear that she was
  concentrating harder than ever before. It seemed that even the tiniest movements
  brought her right to he edge. I would be extremely surprised if she didn't
  disobey me at least once today. Perhaps right now even.
 No, she somehow managed to fight her climax off. She pulled the Maid's outfit
  on. This piece also had a built in corset. It was exactly like the one from
  last night, complete with under wire supports for her breasts and lace up back.
  It could even reduce her waist three inches. I wondered if I would be able
  to tighten it that much this time. 
 In addition it had a tiny pleated skirt built in. The skirt would be flared
  out by the built in white ruffled underskirts. It was very short. The top of
  the corset had a low cut, white silk top that covered her breasts. It laced
  in the front, using a black lacey ribbon. Once tied, the silk would compress
  and lift her perky C cup breasts and show a very generous amount of cleavage. 
 She finally had it in place and I began to lace up the back. This time she
  grabbed as high up on the tall post of her bed as she could. After several
  minutes, I had it as tight as I could get it. It was at least as tight as yesterday,
  if not a few more fractions of an inch tighter. This time, she was too occupied
  with her clit to complain much about the restrictive corset. I turned her around
  and began to lace up the top. Very tight. 
 I instructed her to sit on the bed and she did. Each movement was a study
  in concentration for her. I lifted the the ballet boots form their box. These
  were black leather boots with a heel just as high as the boots from last night.
  They also laced up the back using a white lacey ribbon. However, they came
  much higher up her legs than the other ones. In fact, as I began to put them
  on, I wondered if they were too high to fit her. I adjusted the boots so her
  feet were fitting properly, then began to lace them up. 
 As I neared the top, I could see that they weren't too high. But, they came
  very close to her twat. In fact, the puffy, white lacey tops brushed up against
  her panties. Splendid. I knew she could feel them because she tried to position
  her legs so they wouldn't rub her silk covered pussy. She moaned into her comforter
  as I finished lacing them.
 I could see that as long as she stood up straight, or lay flat, the lace
  would only manage to rub her outer labia. But if she were to bend or crawl,
  the lace would make contact, ever so gently with her exposed clit. I knew the
  panties would provide little protection. 
 I hadn't planned this, but I immediately came to the conclusion that this
  was a blessing in disguise. She would either learn how to walk in the ballet
  heels, or she would learn how to control her pussy. Of course, there was a
  third alternative, but I had faith in her.
 I gently helped her off the bed and stood her up. She grabbed the bedpost
  for support as I returned to the boxes. The last piece of clothing was a tiny
  white silk apron. It tied in a giant bow around her constricted waist. The
  outfit was complete but I still had a few bondage items to place. 
 I retrieved a white leather collar form the last box and placed it around
  her neck, locking it in place. The white leather was contrasted by black lace
  that was sewn into the top and bottom edges. A silver D ring came out the front,
  Next, I pulled out a long, thin silver chain that had four thin chrome plated
  cuffs attached. I placed two cuffs on each ankle, double locking them so they
  could neither open or close. Next, I pulled the chain up the front of her body
  and cuffed her wrists, again, double locking them. I grabbed the top of the
  small chain and brought it up to her collar, locking it in place with a small
  chrome plated padlock. 
 Her legs were now hobbled by a 12 inch length of chain. In the middle of
  this chain, a longer chain was attached. This was the chain that ran up the
  front of her body and to the collar. Very near the top of that chain, two,
  six inch long chains held her wrist cuffs. Her bonds would not allow her to
  bring her hands any lower than the bottom of her breasts. She had very limited
  movement of her hands and feet. Perfect.
 I stood back to admire my handy work. She looked like something out of one
  of those hot bondage drawings. The maid outfit was soooo nasty! From the white
  collar to the impossibly high ballet heels. From the tiny, corset restricted
  waist to the ridiculously short skirt. 
 The skirt. I chuckled as I looked at it. It was extremely short. It was so
  short in fact that if I stood back ten feet or so, I could see the very bottoms
  of her panties, and the growing wet spot. The lace boot tops were ever so slightly
  brushing against her pussy, too low to make any contact with her clit. I had
  her turn around and slowly, she did as she maintained her grip on the bedpost.
  Her balance was non existent as she shuffled her feet to turn around. 
 The skirt covered even less of her ass. The way the corset and shoes made
  her arch her back also made her ass stick out as if she were asking for a spanking.
  This also, caused the skirt to ride much higher on her ass than it did in the
  front. More than half her thong covered ass was visible. She kept her legs
  spread to the limits of the hobble chain for balance. This, combined with the
  incredibly short skirt gave me an excellent view of her panty covered twat,
  complete with camel toe.
 One last thing needed to be done to complete the outfit. I began braiding
  her shoulder length hair, using a black lace clip to secure the end of the
  braid. I then placed a hair band trimmed in white lace on the top of her hair.
  I turned her around to look. Perfect. Except now she needed makeup. I decided
  to let her apply it herself, in private.
 I approached her. I liked my women short. I liked it when I toward over them
  but the seven inch ballet heels brought Sarah up to my 6' 1&quot; height. Still,
  the hobbling nature of the boots gave her a vulnerability that I enjoyed very
  much. It also allowed me to approach her and give her a delicate, sensual kiss
  on the mouth without bending down. She immediately reciprocated, grabbing at
  my shirt with her free hand. Her tongue darted in my mouth briefly before I
  pulled away.
 &quot;Sarah, you look great. I'm so happy with the uniform. Aren't you?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; She whispered, now redoubling her effort to fight her
  screaming need for an orgasm. Her mood had become decidedly upbeat though,
  after the kiss. It was like night and day. She really loved it when I was romantic
  with her. I knew this and used it as a training tool. It was part of her reward
  and I knew that she strived to be good for me so that she could experience
  moments like that.
 &quot;Good, I'm glad you like it so much but you need to make your face up.
  It just doesn't look right without a little sexy makeup on. Go on in the bathroom
  and do something about it. I'll be downstairs when your done.&quot;
 I left her room, closing her door behind me, and hurried over to my room
  and the waiting video equipment. I wanted to watch this. I flipped the monitor
  on and selected the panning camera that was in the ceiling of her bedroom.
  Immediately she appeared on the monitor, still clutching the bed post. She
  was now facing the post, with her forehead gently resting against it. Her eyes
  were tightly shut and I knew that she wanted nothing more than to hump that
  bed post. Well, maybe she wanted to please me more, because somehow, she managed
  to control herself.
 She began to slide down the post so that she could crawl to the bathroom
  and begin her task but half way down, just as I figured the lace to make contact
  with her clit, she froze then quickly stood back up. The microphone picked
  up her moan as she shut her eyes again. Now she realized just how difficult
  this day would be.
 It was impossible for her to walk in the boots without something nearby to
  steady her. The only thing nearby to steady her right now was the bed. She
  would have to traverse about ten feet of open space to get to her bathroom.
  She was going to have to get down on her knees and she knew it.
 After a few minutes she said in a loud confident voice, &quot;Sarah. You
  can do this.&quot; It was adorable. At that moment, I felt like running in
  there and making sweet love to her, but knew that would be a terrible mistake.
  She was trying so hard to be good right now and fucking her would be the worst
  thing I could do. She would almost assuredly regress if that happened.
 Still, she was making me so happy right now. Her determination to please
  me was so endearing. She finally managed to get her knees on the floor, occasional
  taking sharp breaths on the way down. She was now kneeling, with her back straight
  up. Her knees were spread obscenely far now. Her ankles were kept much closer
  together by the restraints. 
 She was deciding on how to best make it to the bathroom. If she stayed in
  this position, the lace would only contact the lower part of her pussy lips.
  But, she would have to bring her knees closer together to maintain balance
  as she moved. This would increase the force with which the lace pushed against
  the thin silk of her panties. the other option was to get on hands and knees
  and crawl to the bathroom with knees spread very wide. Just a very slight,
  gentle touch to the area of the clit was all she would experience. 
 She tried to stay upright and crawl. It was quickly apparent that she and
  I had made a serious miscalculation as to the effects of moving like this because
  she brought one knee forward and then immediately let out a small yelp and
  quickly spread her knees again. She stayed there, kneeling stiffly upright.
  She didn't move again for a very long time. 
 I guess that the actions of her closed thighs, combined with the lace and
  panties had a much greater effect than what either of us expected. I didn't
  know for sure if her clit had been touched, but I suspected that it had from
  her reactions. Obviously, this wasn't working. 
 Eventually, she fell to the floor, catching herself with her restrained hands
  before her face smacked the carpet. Her knees were still splayed and she began
  to move forward very cautiously. The bondage forced her face close to the carpet
  and this had the effect of pushing her ass high into the air. I had a very
  good view of her tight panties and that wonderful camel toe as she crawled. 
 I zoomed the camera in on her twat and immediately noticed the damp spot
  she was leaving on her panties. I also noticed that this was, indeed, a better
  choice of motion. Yes, the lace was in a position to contact her clit, but
  as long as she kept her legs spread wide, it would only frame her most sensitive
  bud. It only just barely came to the very edges of her slit. Not quite giving
  her the touch that her body was desperately crying for and her mind was desperately
  fighting against.
 I kept thinking to myself how stunningly sexy these panties were. They way
  they molded to her puffed out pussy. The way they rode up into her cleft. The
  way they displayed every nuance of her sex. I decided that I was going to have
  to get many more pair just like them. It would be fun to have her wear them
  all the time. I knew she would much rather not though. 
 The thought of her struggling on a daily basis, fighting to maintain control
  in public situations really excited me. Especially when I thought about what
  it would be like for her at school as she desperately tried to hide her constant,
  intense arousal from her friends. This exposed clit pierce was the most fun
  I've had in my life. I was so glad I had chosen to do it.
 She finally made it to the bathroom and slowly stood at the sink. She began
  putting on her make up. She chose some very nice colors. A nice blush, thick,
  black mascara and a light red, glossy lipstick. As she was doing this, she
  had to bend over to reach her makeup kit because her chained arms didn't allow
  her to just reach down. Every time she bent, it sent shivers of excitement
  coursing up through her. I knew that her clit was being gently fondled by the
  lace boot tops.
 Eventually, she finished and she stood back, holding onto the door jam to
  get a look at herself in the mirror. she decided that she wanted to view the
  whole look, so she gingerly moved to shut her bathroom door. I had two small
  stationary cameras in the bathroom. One looked over the bathtub and the other
  gave me a good view of the rest of the room. I was looking at the second one
  as she latched the door.
 She steadied herself against the wall and looked at herself in the full length
  mirror for several minutes. She brought her free hand up to her collar and
  began to run her hand over the chain. She caressed it as if it were a lover.
  Lightly, she ran her hand up and down, occasionally tugging at it. As she did
  this, I could see that she was pressing her forearm into her breast. This was
  not done by accident. No, she was deliberately rubbing her cuffed wrist over
  her pointed nipple. She let go of the chain and leaned against the wall to
  free her other hand. Both hands were now lightly cupping the bottom of her
  breasts, thumbs running very gently over the sides. What a show. 
 Soon, she began to slide her thumbs over the thin silk fabric that covered
  her pierced nipples. I began to watch with great interest now. What did she
  think she was doing? This could only lead to one thing. She knew that right?
 Gently, very gently, she ran her thumbs up and down across her nipples. No
  sounds escaped her, but I could see that her breathing was getting heavy. She
  leaned against the door now, forehead touching the mirror. Her breath began
  to leave small patches of fog on the mirror. Her eyes were closed now as she
  began to more aggressively play with her nipple. She would gently pinch them
  in between her fingers and as she did this, she began to move her hips. My
  mouth was agape. This was the most erotic thing I think I had ever seen. 
 It didn't take her long to slide her feet sideways so she was positioned
  in front of the door handle. She began to really pinch and press her nipples.
  Her eyes stayed close the whole time. I saw her hips move ever so slightly
  forward and she quickly brought them back. She had just touched the door handle
  with her silk covered pussy. She bit her lip and moved her hips again, this
  time she stayed there, slowly gyrating her mound against the door handle. Through
  it all, she never made a sound. It only took her seconds to climax.
 She let out a short quiet sigh and then exhaled deeply as a shudder went
  thorough her body. Her face was in rapture, as her breasts were now firmly
  pressed into the wall. she recovered quickly though. This wasn't on of those
  earth shattering orgasms like she had had last night. On a scale of one to
  ten, ten being the earth shattering kind, this was a five, maybe a four. 
 She quickly opened her eyes in shock. Now she realized what she had just
  done. She pushed off against the door and looked at herself in the mirror.
  Her chin was quivering. She yelled at herself.
 &quot;What have you done! What have you done Sarah! OHHHGOD! Oh my god. I
  can't believe I just did that. Damnit!&quot;
 That was the first time I had ever heard her cuss. It was very unbecoming.
  She continued to look at herself in the mirror and I thought she would cry.
  she didn't though. She gathered herself and opened the door. I turned the monitor
  off and quickly but quietly hurried down stairs. 
 I sat down in my recliner and picked up yesterday's paper. I pretended to
  read as I thought about what had just happened. I couldn't let her get away
  with this. she just couldn't go around, willy nilly, and cum when ever I wasn't
  around. But, I couldn't just claim that she had done it without proof. That
  would surely give away my hidden cameras. I didn't want her to know I had them.
  I had decided to accuse her of looking guilty and if she lied tell her I knew
  she lied. I would pry it out of her and at the same time enforce the notion
  that she couldn't hide anything from me. She would think that I could read
  her like a book.
 &quot;Sir?&quot; She said it in a very frightened tone.
 I looked over the paper at her and said &quot;Yes Sarah?&quot;
 &quot;Ohhh..ummm....I've been a bad girl.&quot; This was very surprising.
  I didn't actually expect her to freely admit it. Maybe she was changing.
 &quot;You have? What did you do?&quot;
 Her chin was trembling as she said it. &quot;I...I came without permission.&quot; She
  leaned forward, clutched my leg and buried her head in my pants. I could hear
  her muffled apologies. &quot;OHHH...I'm sooo sorry Sir. I tried to be good,
  honest. I'm very very sorry.&quot; She looked up at me, still tightly holding
  my leg.
 I set the paper down and stared at her with a stern look. Before I could
  say anything, she whispered. &quot;Sir...pl...p..please ss.ss..spank me. I
  n...nn...need to be punished.&quot;
 &quot;Damnit Sarah!&quot; I shouted. &quot;I was hoping to relax and read
  the paper and now I have to spank you?&quot;
 &quot;I'mmmm soooo sorry Sir.&quot;
 I muttered &quot;Now my hand's going to hurt too.&quot;
 She was desperate to do anything to satiate my anger. &quot;Oh, sir, will
  you please use a paddle so you wont hurt your hand?&quot; She said it eagerly,
  proud of herself for figuring out a way for me to save my hand. I honestly
  don't think she cared about the increased pain. I wondered if she even thought
  that she genuinely deserved it.
 &quot;Sarah, you will learn to control yourself. Now go and get a paddle
  form the 'Red Room' so I can spank your slutty ass.&quot; She carefully crawled
  down the hallway to the 'Red Room'. a few minutes later, she came crawling
  back. I was pretending to read the paper as she crawled over to me.
 &quot;Sir?&quot;
 I didn't look at her. &quot;Yes?&quot;
 She was apprehensive about interrupting me. &quot;I have the paddle. Are...are
  you ready to spank me yet?&quot;
 I continued looking at the paper. &quot;Not yet. Just sit there. Try not
  to cum.&quot;
 Out of the corner of my eye I could see her kneel with her legs spread, waiting
  for me to finish.
 I looked over at her and the paddle was laying on the floor right in front
  of her. It was a decent choice. She had picked a heavy Oak ping pong paddle
  replica. It was twice as thick as a regular ping pong paddle and had holes
  drilled into it.
 I set the paper down and looked at her. she was staring up at me. Her look
  betrayed the devastation she felt at disappointing me. &quot;How in the hell
  did you cum Sarah?&quot;
 &quot;I..I don't know, it just happened.&quot;
 &quot;No. It doesn't just happen. Explain it!&quot; My voce was loud and
  demanding. I wanted her to admit, in detail, her nasty deed.
 &quot;I..I..ohh, I just came. I'm sorry, really I am.&quot;
 I slammed my hand down on the arm of the recliner and shouted. &quot;EXPLAIN
  IT!&quot;
 She jumped at the sound my hand made on the leather. Quickly now, she confessed. &quot;I..I
  was playing with my breasts...then....then I touched the door handle with....with
  ....&quot; She was looking away, never finishing the sentence.
 &quot;Your slutty cunt?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot;
 &quot;You humped the door handle?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; She squeaked out.
 &quot;Unbelievable. Do you know what kind of girls hump door handles?&quot;
 &quot;Slutty girls.&quot; She whispered.
 &quot;That's right, slutty girls. Are you a slutty girl?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; It was barely audible. &quot;I've been a slutty girl,
  will you please spank me?&quot;
 I pointed over to a bare wall. &quot;Go over there and stand up against it.
  Take the paddle with you. She gingerly bent down to get the paddle and slowly
  crawled over to the wall. She began raising herself up. I got out of the chair
  and walked over to her. 
 She was leaning against the wall, her hands flat up against it. She turned
  her head to look at me I told her to turn around as I grabbed the paddle out
  of her hands. I pressed her shoulders up against the wall, flattening her breasts
  out as I did. She stayed like that. Her ballet boots were about six inches
  from the wall. &quot;Pull your feet out further. I want two feet between the
  toe of that boot and the wall.&quot; Slowly, she complied. &quot;Stick that
  slutty ass out. Farther....farther...Ok.&quot;
 She was now slightly bent, her back in a terrific arch as her breasts were
  compressed by the wall. Her feet were as far apart as the chain would allow.
  Her short skirt had ridden up her ass, giving me a terrific target. I examined
  her panties. They were soaked. 
 I caressed her ass with the paddle as I asked. &quot;How many swats do you
  think you deserve?&quot;
 She thought about it for a few moments, trying to come up with a number that
  would please me. &quot;Ummm, fifteen?&quot;
 &quot;You think you only deserve fifteen swats for fucking the door handle
  like some street whore?&quot;
 &quot;Twenty?&quot;
 &quot;You think you deserve twenty?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot;
 &quot;Twenty hard swats for allowing your cunt to have so much control over
  your actions.&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot;
 &quot;Keep that ass out.&quot; I caressed her ass a few more moments, then
  quickly swung.
 She cried out and jerked forward, but immediately stuck her ass back out.
  Without provocation, she began counting. &quot;One.&quot; She shouted.
 SWAP! &quot;Two!&quot;
 SWAP &quot;Three!&quot;..........
 I finished all twenty. She was sobbing, but throughout it all, she would
  always position her ass to meet the paddle. Not once did I have to have remind
  her to stick her ass out. She counted every single stroke, even though I hadn't
  told her too. 
 I didn't know if she did this because she wanted to please me, or if she
  genuinely believed she deserved to have her slutty ass paddled. I suspected
  that it was a little of both. Her shame and anguish served to make her feel
  the need for the pain I brought her. It was very genuine, I felt. She had wanted
  it.
 I threw the paddle on the floor as she leaned up against the wall sobbing.
  Once again, I was very glad I had bought the water proof makeup. She would
  have big black streams of mascara running down her face if it was regular makeup.
  I told her to put the paddle up and go make me some breakfast as I returned
  to my seat. She finally gathered herself and crawled out of the room, clutching
  the paddle.

 This time, I actually read the paper and I found a very interesting article
  buried on page seven. A bill was on it's way though the state legislature that,
  among other things, lowered the age of consent in Florida to sixteen as long
  as both parents, or a legal guardian gave consent. It was in the local newspaper
  because our local representative was one of the sponsors. 
 I knew that the age of consent was 18. That is unless the older party was
  under a certain age, then the legal age of consent lowered to sixteen I believed.
  It didn't matter, I was too old and she was too young for me to be legally
  fucking her...even though 'mom' knew and consented. If the state every found
  out, things could get ugly real fast.
 This was my chief reason to keep the relationship under wraps. I really didn't
  want 'mom' to even have proof positive that we were fucking. If this bill passed,
  then in six weeks, Sarah would be legal. All I would need was a signed document
  from her mother giving her consent. This would allow me to bring our relationship
  out into the open. I wouldn't feel so apprehensive about letting her friends
  come over, or doing things with Sarah in public. 
 Yes, of course our bedtime pursuits would still be kept secret. It would
  be bad enough that I was dating a sixteen year old girl. If people knew that
  I also liked to tie her up, whip her and humiliate her too...well, lets just
  say it wouldn't be good. I'm sure her mother would have a fit.
 Anyway, the bill had just gotten out of committee and was now being debated
  on the house floor. The article went on to explained that the bill also did
  such things as define stiffer prison sentences for child molesters and statutory
  rape. Really, it was an anti crime bill. 
 It appeared that the bill would make it through the legislature fairly easily.
  I decided to find out how long that process would take and to find out if there
  was anyway I could speed it up. For only the second time in my life, I was
  prepared to buy someone off.
 I phoned my lawyer and started asking questions. The answers were relatively
  simple. He would make all the arrangements to see that the bill passed on my
  behalf. He would find out what PACs to contribute money too, what campaigns
  to contribute too, and make sure that these parties knew that I wanted the
  bill to pass, unchanged. It might be costly though, he explained. It could
  run as high as a few hundred grand by the time all was said and done. However,
  because there hadn't been any real stink made over any aspect of the bill yet,
  and if it stayed that way, he thought it would be fairly cheap. I gave him
  the go ahead. If all went well, I would legally be able to fuck Sarah on her
  sixteenth birthday.
 We also talked about Sarah moving in with me. He instructed me that some
  paperwork should be filled. He wanted to adjust custody and have mother fill
  out a medical release, and a few other things. We needed a meeting with 'mom'
  and I told him she and I would be meeting tonight. He told me to give him a
  call later tonight to set something up with the three of us. He couldn't come
  over tonight because paperwork needed to be prepared.
 So, a meeting, hopefully, early next week to work out the details and sign
  some paper work. It was set and we hung up.

 Sitting in my chair, smelling the bacon and eggs made me even more hungry.
  Sarah really had excellent domestic skills. Her cooking was always very good
  and she liked to straighten out rooms, when we weren't playing. She enjoyed
  making a home for me. 
 I got up and went over to the kitchen. She didn't notice me as I was standing
  there, watching her tend to the food. What a lovely sight. Her back was turned
  to me and I had a terrific view of her thong covered ass, as she was bending
  over, stirring the eggs. The short tether I had placed around her wrists, didn't
  allow her to reach the counter tops, while wearing the ballet heels, without
  bending down. She would always keep her feet spread as far apart as the hobble
  chain would allow. All this combined to give me a the prettiest view of her
  backside...and wet panties, as they rode up into her slit.
 I loved my life.
 I approached her and surprised her as I placed a hand on her ass. She looked
  back at me, then turned around to stir the eggs some more. Her skin was so
  smooth. That's one thing that young girls had over their older counterparts.
  Smooth, delicate, silky skin. It was just as much of a delight to touch as
  it was to look at. I ran my hand over her ass cheeks. She was still tender
  from the paddling. I knew this because she would occasionally suck in breath
  when I ran my hand over the area that had tasted the paddle. 
 &quot;It smells good, when will it be ready?&quot;
 &quot;One more minute Sir.&quot;
 I removed my hand and went to sit down at the breakfast bar. I pulled the
  brochure that Anna had given me from the magazine stand and began flipping
  through it. The meal was ready and she dished it out onto a plate. The looked
  back at me, wondering if I was going to help her carry it over to the bar.
  I wasn't and she quickly realized it. 
 She stood there for a few more seconds, trying to decide how she was going
  to get my food to me. Finally she bent down , grabbed the food, and began to
  make her way over to me. She used one of her tethered hands to hold the plate
  and the other to steady herself on the walls, as she slowly made her way over
  to me. She tenderly set the plate down on the bar and I told her to make herself
  some cereal.
 The vulnerability that the boots gave her was astounding. I would like nothing
  more than to keep her in them for the rest of her life, but they would make
  attending high school a bit of a problem...to say the least. This made me realize
  that I couldn't shape her feet, if she was to stay a cheerleader. I thought
  about this problem while I ate.
 I could shape her feet and have her wear high heels to school everyday. That
  may not turn out so bad. I knew form previous conversations with her that only
  Freshmen and Sophomores had to attend gym class. So next year, when she was
  a junior, she would have no reason to participate in any physical activity.
  Accept cheering. I wondered what she would think of the idea of quitting the
  squad. She probably would worry more about the fact that she had to wear sexy
  high heels everyday at school more than the fact that she couldn't cheer. It
  would probably be a non issue. I decided that I would begin training her over
  summer break. When school rolled around, it would be plainly obvious that she
  couldn't wear sneakers, due to the pain. She would quit the squad of her own
  volition. 
 I continued to flip through the brochure as she stood in front of me eating
  her cereal. She was holding the bowl with one hand and using the spoon with
  the other. She was leaning up against the counter top, steadying herself with
  her thighs. The counter came to just below her pussy.
 I saw a very nice decoration on page five. It immediately turned me on. It
  was a quarter sized piece of metal attached to a short chain. The chain was
  only a few links long and the other end of the chain attached to a grommet.
  The brochure boasted that the metal piece could be engraved.
 I turned the magazine around and pointed to it. &quot;What do you think?&quot;
 &quot;Uhhh, what is it?&quot;
 &quot;Silly girl, it's a tag that goes on your clit.&quot; Her face got white
  as she looked up at me with surprise. &quot;Nice isn't it?&quot; She closed
  her eyes and gave a quiet 'Yes Sir'. &quot;What do you think it should say?&quot;
 She starred at the picture. &quot;I...I don't know.&quot;
 &quot;Oh c'mon. I'm open for suggestions.&quot;
 &quot;How about just my name?&quot;
 I gave her the 'I don't know about that' look. &quot;How about something
  sexier.&quot;
 She stood there and thought for a minute. &quot;What about your name?&quot;
 &quot;That's better, but it still doesn't say everything. OH! I've got it.
  How about 'Joe's Slut'?&quot;
 She just stood there, white as a ghost. 
 &quot;Yes, that's perfect. It describes you perfectly and tells everyone
  who owns you. You like it?&quot;
 &quot;Yes.&quot; She whispered. Clearly she didn't like it.
 &quot;Good. Why don't you go ahead and order it, but clean the kitchen first.&quot; I
  got up and went to my room, leaving my plate on the breakfast bar.
 I went up to my room and turned the video equipment on. I watched her as
  I began to change into my swim trunks. She was moving slowly, as she began
  to put the dishes in the dish washer. It was fun watching her take my place
  over to the sink, rinse it off, then kneel so she could place it on the bottom
  tray. She was going to get quite a workout today. Lots of bending and kneeling.
  I bet her feet hurt.
 I could tell that it would be a while before she finished cleaning the kitchen.
  Today, she would clean as much of the place as she had time for. The bathrooms
  were next on her list. Her slow movements, however, might keep her from getting
  very much done today. 
 
 After my swim, I plopped back down into my recliner and turned the tube on.
  I watched an hour of Sports Center, then got up and checked on Sarah.
 She was almost done with the kitchen. All that was left to do was to mop
  the floor, which she was in the process of doing right now. She couldn't use
  a mop though as her balance wasn't even close to good enough to permit her
  to stand without something much more firm to grab than a mop. So she was on
  her hands and knees, cleaning it with a sponge. She was a clever girl. 
 It was quite entertaining to watch her do this because the short chains holding
  her hands prevented her from making large wipes. She was constantly moving
  her body to reposition herself so she could clear another six inch by six inch
  tile. Slow and sexy. That's what it was. 
 The movement, I could see was making her very, very hot. I was shocked to
  see that the camel toe had disappeared and now, the lowest portion of her panties
  had been sucked into the folds of her pussy completely. The V of the front
  of her panties now started just below her clit. half the clit ring was now
  sticking out one side of her very tight panties. I could see the glistening
  of her girl juice on the tops of her thighs, just above the lace of the boots.
  I knew that that the elastic, rubbing inside her pussy every time she moved,
  must be excruciatingly pleasurable. I wondered how much of this she could take.
  Just then, she turned and saw me standing in the door way. 
 She stopped scrubbing and looked up at me, still on hands and knees. Breathlessly,
  she spoke. &quot;Sir? Wou..would you like a blow job?&quot;
 &quot;No..not right now. Finish the floor.&quot; That was very poorly asked.
  I didn't tell her though. I wanted to force her to degrade herself, without
  telling her how to do it. I wanted her to think of what kinds of nasty things
  she had to say to get me to let her suck me off. And by the looks of things,
  if she didn't figure it out soon, she was going to be in big trouble.
 &quot;Please Sir?&quot; Pathetic. No, that wasn't going to do it. I turned
  around and walked off without saying another word.
 I was in my recliner, watching some basketball. I heard the chain that connected
  her hands, feet and collar, drag across the floor as she continued to clean
  it. It was very hard for me to keep from running over there, pull my pants
  down and start fucking her mouth. I had a hard on the size of Texas.
 Eventually, I could no longer hear the chain dragging. I got up to inspect.
  As I approached the kitchen, I could see her kneeling on the floor. Her forearms
  were flat against the tile and her forehead was touching it. She had her ass
  up in the air and her knees were spread very wide. She didn't move a muscle.
  As I neared, she lifted her forehead and saw me. Lust was written all over
  her face. 
 &quot;Please Sir. Please let me suck you off.&quot;
 &quot;Is the floor clean?&quot; An evil thought went through my mind.
 &quot;Yes Sir. May I please make you cum?...Pleeeaase?&quot;
 &quot;I don't know. I'm not very horny right now.&quot; I lied.
 &quot;Oh Sir. Please. I know I can make you horny. Please. Let my try.&quot;
 &quot;Oh..alright.&quot;
 In a flash, she was up and fumbling with my trunks trying to pull them down
  as quick as possible. When my dick finally popped out, she wasted no time getting
  her mouth wrapped around it. She was determined to make me cum very quickly
  because she needed to cum right the fuck now. I was sure that if I said no,
  she would have exploded in an orgasm right there on the kitchen floor. Now
  though, she was trying very hard to hold it off until she had my cum in her
  mouth.
 She began sucking with an urgency I hadn't experienced before. She was pumping
  her head very rapidly, fucking her mouth on my cock. Small moans escaped her
  and I felt them vibrate against my dick. She was going to try and make me cum
  right now. I just stood there and let her do all the work. How long could I
  hold off? Well, we would see.
 Two minutes turned into five. Five minutes turned into seven. Near the eight
  minute mark, I couldn't hold back anymore. I grabbed her hair and yanked my
  cock free from her mouth as I began to fist the shaft. I pulled her clear so
  she couldn't touch it and spurted my cum all over the kitchen floor right in
  front of her face.
 She looked at it with wide eyes, following every last drop of cum as it hit
  the tile. She was too surprised to say anything. I had caught her completely
  off guard. She tried desperately to break my grasp to get her mouth back around
  my cock, but I held on firmly. As the last of my cum escaped my dick, I let
  go and quickly pulled my trunks back up. 
 Immediately, she got down on hands and knees and began greedily licking and
  slurping my cum up off the floor and into her mouth. She was a cum vacuum,
  desperate to get it all in her mouth so she could also cum. It was very amusing
  to watch her do such a slutty thing. I suspected that she would find it disgusting
  once she came down off her high.
 She had her ass to me, so I couldn't see her tongue as it touched the floor,
  lapping at my seed, or her lips as they sucked it off. I bet it would be a
  hot thing to watch though. Still, my view was very nice. I wasn't complaining.
  I absolutely loved the way the panties had ridden up inside her cunt. It showed
  off her smooth, hairless pussy very nicely. 
 After just a few seconds, she stopped licking at the floor and put her knees
  together, crushing her clit in a vice like embrace. She began gyrating her
  hips to move her clit and clit ring through her tightly clamped thighs. It
  didn't take her long to cum. She began to jerk and I knew she was in the throws
  of her climax. She let out little grunts, but managed to keep her mouth closed
  so as not to loose my precious cum. Again, just like her unauthorized climax
  in the bathroom, it wasn't an earth shattering orgasm.
 Finally, she finished. She lay her head down on the tile, and stayed there,
  with legs still clamped together. I spoke.
 &quot;Let me see it.&quot; She knew what I wanted to see, she had been holding
  it in her mouth the whole time. She turned around, got up on her knees and
  opened her mouth. I could see my gooey fluid mixed with a great deal of saliva. &quot;Very
  good, slut. Now clean the bathrooms.&quot;
 I turned around and went back to my recliner and the game that was still
  on.

 Slowly, ever so slowly, she was turning into a full fledged nymphomaniac.
  The exposed clit was helping out immensely with that. Her constant arousal
  kept her sex always at the front of her mind. When she was asleep, when she
  was in class, when she was at a game cheering, her arousal would always be
  present. Like the beating of her heart, the breaths that she took, it was now
  a part of every second of every day of her life. She would never be able to
  escape it. The sensations would drive her to do such nasty things just to be
  allowed to gain relief, even if she hated doing them.
 My plan was simple. I would train her to control her arousal, always keeping
  her on the edge. She would eventually learn how to keep form climaxing even
  under the most difficult of circumstances. In the same vain, she would learn
  to cum at my very command. I wouldn't have to touch her. She wouldn't even
  have to touch herself. Simply one or two words form me would be enough to send
  her over the edge. I wanted her to do this under any circumstance. Whether
  she was with me, or in public. It would be great fun to see her at the mall,
  with her friends as she got a call form me. I would utter the command, and
  she would cum instantly, right there for everyone to see.
 I wondered though, if that would ever be possible. It would take a tremendous
  amount of training. It was sure to take a very long time before she could cum
  on command. Right now, she was at a point where she couldn't even control herself
  enough not to cum when I was standing in front of her. Oh, she tried. She tried
  so hard to be a good girl, but the sensations were simply too much for her.
  She had a long and torturous road to travel.
 I, on the other hand, would have a great deal of fun trying to train her.
  I loved it when she degraded herself like she had just done. The fact that
  she would do such nasty things just to have permission to cum, something that
  normal girls were able to do any time they wanted, was just so delicious.

 The game was almost over. An hour and a half had passed since I last saw
  my slut. I wondered how she was making out in the bathrooms. I decided to check
  just as soon as the clock counted off it's final seconds. Had she been a naughty
  girl? I knew she must be very hot right now. The tension building in her as
  the panties bit into her pussy and rubbed her exposed clit with such fury. 
 I got up, a hard on beginning to make itself felt. I decided that I wouldn't
  let her suck me off right now. I probably wouldn't cum much anyway. All the
  sexual activity I had experienced over the past 18 hours really had worn me
  out. I needed at least a few more hours before I came again. Just to give her
  a decent amount of spunk. I didn't want to disappoint her as I smiled to myself.
 I found her in her bathroom. She was in the process of cleaning her tub.
  Down on her knees, bent over the edge of the tub with a sponge and some cleaner.
  She was scrubbing the tub, being such a good girl. She heard me approach and
  looked up at me with wide eyes. There was a tinge of fear there. I could tell
  the fear wasn't about her being a naughty girl. No, she was afraid of what
  I might do to her next. It was the first time I had seen her this way.
 Yes, she realized now. The episode in the kitchen had educated her greatly.
  She now knew that I could be very cruel. She realized what she had gotten herself
  into and that the alternatives were much worse. The road ahead was full of
  landmines like she had just experienced. 
 At the same time though, I could see a sense of accomplishment about her.
  She seemed satisfied. I don't know if it was the domestic service, or the fact
  that she had managed to stave off a growing climax. Either way, I liked her
  like this. Fear and pride. What a wonderful mix.
 &quot;Did you clean the downstairs bathroom?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot;
 &quot;How much longer will you be in here?&quot;
 &quot;Ummmm...I just have to finish the tub and then the floor.&quot;
 &quot;Ok, well, it's time for lunch, so hurry up in here and then get that
  sexy ass in the kitchen.&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir...Ummmm...Sir?&quot;
 &quot;Yes?&quot;
 &quot;May I s..suck you off again?&quot;
 I walked over to her as she was bent over the edge of the tub. I bent down,
  then very carefully, ran my finger down the crack of her ass. Slowly it made
  it's way into her panty stuffed slit, pausing briefly to apply a bit of pressure
  to her tight asshole. She steadied herself with both hands now as her head
  snapped forward. Her eyes were very wide and her mouth opened slightly as she
  uttered a small moan. I ran my finger up and down her slit, never quite getting
  near enough to her ring or clit. My finger was now covered with her juice.
  Quickly, I pulled it out and smacked her ass with my hand...just once. Then
  I held out my wet finger for her to suck. She did without protest. Her pussy
  juice was sure to leave a nice taste in her mouth.
 &quot;No, slut.&quot;
 I exited the room, leaving her there in a state of heightened arousal. Quickly,
  I walked back to my room and flipped the video equipment on. She was now sitting
  on her haunches, her head resting against the edge of the tub. She didn't move
  for the longest time.
 I wondered how she felt. I wondered if she liked being handled like a piece
  of meat by me. Maybe, but what I did know was that she didn't like to get so
  aroused without the opportunity to cum. That much was crystal clear as she
  sat there, trying very hard not make her situation any worse. Eventually, she
  began to get back to her task. I shut the video equipment off and changed out
  of my swim gear. I went back downstairs and sat in my recliner.
 Fifteen minutes later, she crawled down the stairs and into the kitchen.
  I got up and sat at the bar as she began making lunch. I just loved how sexy
  that French Maid outfit looked on her as she stood over the stove. My very
  own teenaged French Maid. My horny, teenaged French Maid, I corrected.
 I picked up the phone and dialed the 1-800 number to the panty manufacturer.
  I was going to order 30 more pair of these torturously tight panties right
  in front of Sarah. I'm sure she would be mortified. She would be even more
  so once they came in and I took away all the other, correctly sized panties
  away and put them in storage. I got butterflies in my stomach just thinking
  about fun it would be to have her wear these things everyday.
 The phone picked up and I was greeted by the receptionist. I had her transfer
  me over to my sales rep. He picked up.
 &quot;This is Missy.&quot;
 &quot;Hi Missy, this is Joe.&quot;
 &quot;Joe, how are you doing?&quot;
 &quot;Great. Hey, I was calling to order some more underwear. This time though,
  I want all of them to be the small version. You know, like the little black
  ones with the lace waist band?&quot; Sarah had turned to look at me. Her face
  said it all. Dread...pure dread. I covered the receiver up and told her not
  to burn my food.
 &quot;Hold on, let me look you up in the computer. Ok. I see the one pair
  you had ordered. Ahh yes. Right, two sizes smaller, with the heavy duty waist
  band and....hmmm, a special order fastener in the back? You want 'em like that?
 &quot;Yep, the eyelets in the back. I think you've got it.&quot;
 &quot;Ok. What styles and colors?&quot;
 &quot;I'm going to let you chose again.&quot;
 &quot;Alright. How many pair?&quot;
 &quot;Thirty pair.&quot; Sarah's shoulders fell at that. She knew the only
  reason to get that many was if she would be wearing them often.
 &quot;Thirty. So, styles similar to what you had before?&quot;
 &quot;Yes, just make sure they're all thongs, or T backs.&quot;
 &quot;Alright. Is this going on the same credit card?&quot;
 &quot;Yep.&quot;
 &quot;Alrighty then. I have your order entered.&quot;
 &quot;About how long till delivery?&quot;
 &quot;Seven or eight business days if we over night them.&quot;
 &quot;That sounds great. Thanks allot Missy.&quot;
 &quot;Anytime, give me a call if you need anything else.&quot;
 &quot;I will.&quot; I hung up and set the phone down. Sarah was sitting over
  the stove, cooking. She didn't turn to look at me, she didn't say anything.
  She simply accepted it.
 &quot;And how are your panties doing Sarah?&quot;
 &quot;Uhhhmmm. They...they're terrible.&quot; She still didn't turn.
 &quot;Really? In what way? I think they're very pretty. Don't you?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir...but they....well, they rub me and they...you know.&quot;
 &quot;No, I don't.&quot;
 &quot;They make me horny....very horny. And you wont let me give you a blow
  job.&quot;
 &quot;Yeah, well...maybe I'll let you use your slutty mouth later. Would
  you like that? Do you want to taste my cum?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; She whispered.
 
 I had finished eating and she was in the process of putting the dishes in
  the dishwasher. I went back to my recliner. Five minutes later, she came crawling
  up to me. She was very horny and I knew what was coming.
 &quot;Sir?&quot;
 &quot;Yes slut.&quot;
 &quot;May...may I please taste your cum?&quot; Her eyes pleaded with me.
 &quot;Well, that's a nasty thing to say. Are you a nasty girl?&quot;
 &quot;Ohhh...Yes Sir! I'm soooo...nasty. Please, please will you put your
  cock in my nasty...s..sluty mouth.&quot; Now she was getting it. Now, she was
  figuring out what I liked to hear.
 &quot;Does the slut want to suck cock?&quot; I wanted to hear more.
 &quot;Ohhh, yes sir. I want to suck it very much. Please Sir, will you let
  me suck it? I'll suck it soo good.&quot;
 &quot;Get that cock sucking mouth up here.&quot; I began to unzip my pants.
  She climbed up my leg and was waiting at my crotch even before I got my dick
  free. As soon as it was though she hungrily began to suck.
 She began to suck. As hard as it may be to believe, it was even better this
  time. It was unreal to think that over such a short period of time, she had
  gotten so damn good at it. It was almost as nice as fucking her ass. I simply
  couldn't believe how much improvement there was in her technique. 
 Still, I had cum six times in less than 24 hours. I wasn't about to give
  her my man juice without a good fight. I wanted her to suck for such a long
  time that her jaw ached. I wanted to hold out for as long as I could. And I
  did.
 It took more than 20 minutes before I finally came. She had become sloppy
  at the end, obviously she was exhausted. I could have held out much longer,
  but I was concerned that her technique would become so poor that I would be
  unable to cum without helping her out. 
 So, I let her have it. I came but it wasn't anything to write home about.
  I was only able to deposit a rather small amount of my seed in her mouth. I
  was a little disappointed, but hey, I wasn't some 18 year old anymore with
  a constant hard on ready to bang anything with two legs at the drop of a hat.
  I just couldn't go that many times in that short of a period of time anymore. 
 Never the less, she got what she had asked for and now she deserved her release.
  She still had my dick in her mouth when she came. She still looked at me as
  she positioned her legs to grip her pierced clit, just like last time. She
  continued to look at me as her orgasm hit her. 
 It wasn't anything to write home about either. Apparently, she just couldn't
  gain enough sensation without a dick in her. Or, maybe she needed her hands
  to really explode like I knew she could. Well, whatever the reason, I seriously
  doubted that these moderate orgasms could truly satiate her arousal for very
  long. I suspected that it wouldn't be but a few minutes before she was all
  hot and bothered again. 
 Well, that would be a shame, because I needed to recharge and I needed longer
  than a few hours to do it. No, It would be quite a while before she would be
  able to feel my cock in her again. In any hole. I hoped that she could withstand
  the wait. If she couldn't.....

 It was nearing 3:00pm. My self designated time to end the fun. I wanted Sarah
  to have time for her feet and pussy to recover before her mother came over
  at 6:00. I figured thee hours was sufficient.
 So far, she hadn't begged to give me another blowjob, although I could see
  that she was still having a very hard time. The way the panties had ridden
  up in her pussy was giving her fits. I loved the fact that she couldn't get
  her hands down there to adjust them. She was forced to walk around in that
  restrictive outfit, with her panties sensually penetrating her for a half a
  day. The thought had me smiling to myself. 
 She was dusting the living room right now. She wasn't able to reach the higher
  shelves, so I told her to get what she could. I loved watching her work. The
  way she moved, the sounds she made, and the wetness of her outer lips and thighs.
  It was so erotic. 
 Alas, all good things must come to an end. Or, in this case, a short break.
  I informed her that it was time to get her out of that uniform, and get ready
  for mother's visit. She seemed relieved, glad that the painful heels and tight
  corset could come off. I would also be taking the panties off, but she wasn't
  sure if that would happen. The thought of forcing her to wear them in front
  of mom gave me evil thoughts, but in the end, I knew I had better play it safe.
  No sense in showing my hand at this stage of the game.
 We went upstairs and I began undressing her. First, the cuffs and chains.
  Then the lacing on the back of the corset and the boots. Finally, the lock
  holding her panties tight. I had to pull them out of her pussy, they were wedged
  up there so well. She uttered a small moan as I did this. 
 I reminded her not to cum and told her to take a shower, medicate her clit
  and get dressed. She would also be cooking dinner for us, so make it fast.
  She took her boots off while I was giving her my instructions and she began
  to stand up on her feet. I noticed a grimace of pain as she tried to stand
  flat footed. After half a minute of working the kinks out of her feet, she
  was able to walk nearly flat footed. 
 I got up and kissed her before leaving the room. I went into my room to watch
  the cameras. I wanted to see if she would obey me. I knew her clit was still
  bothering her even after I had taken the tight panties off. Could she control
  her arousal?
 Apparently, yes. She was a good girl throughout the shower and even the application
  of the ointment. I was duly impressed, and disappointed at the same time. It
  would have been nice to hear her shamefully ask for another punishment. Oh
  well, I figured she had had her fair share of torture today. That's not to
  say that she wouldn't experience greater discomfort and more humiliation in
  the future, she just needed time.
 She dressed in a very nice white cotton summer dress. It was sleeveless,
  and the dress came straight down to just above the knees. She had chosen a
  very nice light pink pair of panties to go with it. She was once again the
  picture of fifteen year old innocence...well, except for the nose ring. 
 That reminded me that it needed to be removed before mother came over. Luckily,
  the cotton dress, combined with the bra seemed to hide her nipple rings well,
  at least on camera. I hoped I wouldn't have to remove those as well. 
 She was finishing up and I quietly made my way downstairs, ring removal tool
  in hand. It was fifteen till four. A little over two hours until 'mom' showed.
  I wondered what Sarah would cook for us.

 'Mom' was a bit late. She didn't show until fifteen after six. She apologized,
  explaining that the traffic was murder. She had come directly from the new
  hospital, two hours away. She would have called, but she couldn't find her
  cell phone. 
 I told her that her timing was perfect. Sarah had just pulled dinner out
  of the oven. It was a delicious smelling baked chicken. It was one of 'mom's'
  favorite dishes. I couldn't wait to eat. I helped Sarah get the food on the
  table and we sat down to eat.
 'Mom' began telling us about her day at the new hospital. All the interviews
  had gone swimmingly. The place was a nearly new hospital, and the equipment
  was much better than her current hospital. She seemed very excited about it.
  I was glad. She was sure to take the job.
 We made some more small talk as we ate. Finally, everyone's plates were clean
  and I helped Sarah clear the table. We all sat down in my living room and began
  talking about the serious stuff. 
 I explained that I had talked with my lawyer and he wanted 'mom' to sign
  a temporary custody writ. I told her exactly what he had told me earlier today
  about it. She commented that that would be a very good idea. She hadn't thought
  about any of the legalities of the situation. We discussed how visitation would
  work and a number of other things. She seemed very comfortable with everything.
 She asked Sarah to excuse herself, she wanted to talk to me alone. I had
  a notion of what was coming. Sarah went up to her room. We watched her as she
  climbed the stairs. I could easily tell that her clit was, even now, bothering
  her. I was worried that mother would notice that she wasn't walking correctly
  also. Oh well, there wasn't anything that could be done about it right now.
 Finally, we heard Sarah shut the door to her room. 
 Mother spoke first. &quot;You know, I can see it plain as day. The way she
  acts, the way she looks at you, I mean it's clear. She's falling in love with
  you. Did you know that?&quot;
 &quot;Yes, she's told me.&quot;
 &quot;Hmmmm. I don't want to see her get her heart broke. How serious is
  this for you?&quot;
 &quot;Ohhh, I can assure you, it's very serious. I haven't felt this way
  about anyone before her.&quot; It was all true.
 She raised an eyebrow. &quot;Are you falling in love too?&quot;
 &quot;Yes, I've told her that.&quot;
 &quot;Well, that makes me feel better.&quot; She said.
 &quot;Look, I've got to ask,&quot; I said. &quot;You know, there aren't too
  many mothers who would let their fifteen year old daughter see a guy who was
  28. I'm just curious why you do.&quot;
 She smiled. &quot;Well, I was just seventeen when I had her. Her father was
  a much older man at the time also. He was older than you in fact. Has she told
  you any of this?&quot;
 &quot;She doesn't talk about her father much at all. The only thing she's
  told me was that he died when she was five. I think it still hurts.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, she never quite got over it. I think she really missed out on
  a father. She views you not only as a lover, but as a father figure, I believe.
  Anyway, we married two days after I turned eighteen. I know that two people
  can fall in love even when their ages are far apart. I've been down that road,
  and it's not a bad way to travel. I have a good feeling about you two.&quot;
 She never asked about the physicality of our relationship. I suspected that
  she already thought that we had sex. She would be very shocked to learn just
  exactly what we had been doing though. Hopefully, she would never learn. I
  was sure that Sarah wouldn't tell her, and I sure as hell wasn't going to tell
  her.
 We rapped up the evening by making an appointment to go see my lawyer. I
  called him to set something up. Tuesday at 2:30 was best for him. She didn't
  have a problem with that. As we stood, she explained that she would have a
  very busy next few days. She was going to have to give her notice, find a realtor,
  sell the house, move...it sounded hectic. I told her that if she needed any
  help to just give me a call.
 &quot;Well, why don't you and Sarah go ahead and pack her stuff and move
  it over here tomorrow. That would be one less thing I'd have to worry about.&quot;
 &quot;That's fine. What time is good for you?&quot;
 &quot;Oh, anytime. I'm sure I'll be in and out of the house all day, so just
  come over whenever. Sarah has a key.&quot;
 I called Sarah down and we all said our goodnights. Things were going so
  good. I thought to myself, is it possible for one guy to be so lucky? I guess
  it was.

 After 'mom' left, Sarah and I sat down in my recliner, holding each other.
  We just sat there for a while, not speaking. I wanted to ask Sarah some questions,
  but I figured Sarah would want the moment to last a little bit longer, so we
  just sat there.
 Finally, I began to speak. &quot;So, Sarah. What's been the worst thing for
  you over the past 36 hours?&quot;
 She looked up at me and held my hand that was wrapped around her tiny waist. &quot;Oh,
  I don't know.&quot;
 &quot;Sure you do. Think about it, and tell me. I want you to be honest.&quot;
 She sat there for a few minutes. I could tell that she was giving it allot
  of thought. Finally, &quot;Ummmm, I guess...Well, there were a few things,
  but I guess the hardest...well, really the worst was....ummmm....when I humped
  the door. Well, not while I was doing it,&quot; A small smile crossed her face. &quot;I
  mean, after...you know..I realized what I had done.&quot;
 &quot;That was the worst?&quot;
 &quot;Yes...I guess.&quot; She whispered.
 &quot;You guess?&quot;
 &quot;Well, there were a bunch of things....&quot;
 &quot;Ok. I want you to write down the five worst, in ascending order. Go
  get a pen and paper.&quot; she reluctantly got up and returned a few seconds
  later. I had her kneel on the carpet and use the coffee table to write on.
  I reminded her that I wanted complete honesty.
 She spent a few minutes on it. I didn't peak as she wrote. I wanted her to
  write the list out and then hand it to me, without feeling any pressure from
  me. I just sat there and waited silently. This was going to be interesting.
 Finally she finished. She set the pen down and looked over at me, awaiting
  her next order. &quot;Let me see it.&quot; She handed it to me and got back
  up on the couch. I gave her a look and she immediately got back don on the
  floor. Such a good, obedient submissive.
 The list was interesting. Number 5, the ass fuck from last night. Number
  4, the teasing while she was tied up watching the video. Number 3, in the video
  store. Number 2, when I spurted my cum on the kitchen floor. And, number one
  was the aforementioned door humping episode.
 I was surprised at what was left out of the list. Things like the ballet
  heels and the tight panties. Or, this morning, in bed, when I used her mouth
  as my cum bucket. I wouldn't have thought that the ass fucking would have been
  on the list. She got into it after the initial surprise wore off. I decided
  to probe her choices a little bit.
 &quot;So, on a scale from one to ten, how bad was the ass fuck?&quot;
 &quot;Ummm....I guess, a 9.5.&quot; That surprised me, and she saw that it
  did. She went on to explain. &quot;Well.....I mean...I hadn't ever, you know,
  had sex there before and I wasn't ready for it and you were so rough and all...I
  don't know. It kind of felt, sorta like..........rape.&quot; She turned her
  face away. she didn't want to look at me as she said the last word.
 &quot;Interesting? You felt like you were being raped?&quot;
 &quot;I...Kind of. I mean, at first. After a few minutes, it was better....maybe
  violated is a better word.&quot;
 &quot;Sarah. You know that I'm going to be fucking you in the ass allot more
  often don't you?&quot;
 She still wasn't looking at me. &quot;Ummm...Yes Sir.&quot;
 &quot;Ok, lets go on to the next one. The teasing.&quot;
 She turned back to me. &quot;Uhhhh, I guess that one was a......9.5 also.&quot;
 &quot;Really? Explain.&quot;
 &quot;Uhhh....I thought I was going to go crazy! I couldn't have taken much
  more. It was terrible.&quot;
 &quot;What do you really think would happen if I did that to you for three,
  even four hours?&quot;
 I scared look came across her face. &quot;Oh my god. I..I don't know. Will
  you?...You know, ever do that to me?&quot;
 &quot;Probably. Let's move on. What about, the video store?&quot;
 She thought for a second, &quot;9.5 again.&quot;
 &quot;All these were 9.5?&quot;
 &quot;Well, they were all so bad. I just don't know which was worse. I made
  the list out and put them all in an order, but really the first four were all
  tied.&quot;
 &quot;Ok. Explain the video store.&quot;
 &quot;Ohhh, god. It was just sooo embarrassing. I hate that stuff, you know
  that. I guess that's why you picked it as a punishment.&quot; Yes, I did.
 &quot;Alright. How about the cum on the floor?&quot;
 She got quiet now. Slowly, she began to explain this one. &quot;It was maybe
  a little higher than the others.&quot; She wasn't looking at me now and her
  face was a deeper shade of red now than before. &quot;I....I wasn't...I was
  surprised when you did that at first. I...wanted to cum so badly, and I thought.....Well,
  you came on the floor and all I could think about was that I needed to have
  it in my mouth before I came. So I....you know. I felt so...embarrassed and....ashamed
  that I did that after wards.&quot; She got very quiet as she explained the
  next part. &quot;And, you never were..It was the meanest thing. I....It's just
  that you've never been that...cruel.....before.&quot;
 Interesting. The cruelty really got her goat. I may have to use that more
  often. What other kinds of cruel things could I think of? It would give me
  something to think about for the next few days.
 Finally, I asked about the door humping.
 She didn't look at me as she explained this one in a quiet tone. &quot;Ohhh...I,
  let you down. I disobeyed you and I felt terrible after....It's just that I
  know how much you hate that and I know how bad my punishment will be...and
  I just hate it when you're upset at me.&quot;
 &quot;I've got a question for you, Sarah?&quot; I said, &quot;Why did you
  come downstairs and admit it to me?&quot;
 She thought long and hard about it. Several minutes went by. I just sat there,
  patiently waiting for her answerer. &quot;I....I wouldn't have felt good about
  myself if I had gotten away with it. The guilt made me feel so bad about it.
  Plus, I knew you would find out. I can't keep a secret from you.&quot;
 &quot;So you genuinely thought you deserved a punishment from me?&quot;
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; She whispered.
 I reached down and grabbed her hand. At that, she swiveled her head around
  to look at me. Her eyes were teary. It was just one more of a hundred little
  things she did that told me she was mine forever. Just talking about disappointing
  me was enough to make her emotional.
 I held out my other hand and she grabbed it with her free hand. I then pulled
  her up and onto my lap. I lightly held her chin and gave her a passionate kiss.
  She began to sob as I did this. I broke it off.
 &quot;Sarah?&quot;
 Through quiet sobs she replied. &quot;Yes Sir?&quot;
 &quot;I want you to know how much I appreciate your honesty. It's just one
  more thing that's endeared me to you. Another item on the long list of reasons
  why I love you.&quot; She was smiling at me as a tear ran down her cheek. 
 &quot;But, there's also an equally long list of things I don't like. Things
  that make me wonder whether you can ever truly be the one.&quot; This was all
  bullshit, but I needed her to have that tinge of fear. I needed it so she would
  continue to try and improve. &quot;Hopefully, though, you'll be able to work
  at those things and I can cross them off that list. I really want you to, because
  I don't want to loose interest in you. Will you continue to try and do that
  for me?&quot;
 Her smile had quickly turned to one of concern. &quot;Yes Sir! I promise,
  I can do better. Please, just give me a chance. Please?&quot;
 I held her now, as she began sobbing again. &quot;Don't worry Sarah. You'll
  get your chance. Don't worry.&quot;

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Operator Zero


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





