BDSM Library - Parker 15: Mr. Poe




Parker 15: Mr. Poe
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A serial rapist is offered the power of mind control by a strange little man.

                                  PARKER15.TXT

                                     MR POE
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

            WARNING: This is rather a brutal mind control story. As
            such, it involves a good deal of non-consensual sexual
            activity. If you are offended by this sort of story, stop
            reading now. Really. Consider yourself warned.

        Copyright 1994 by Parker (me). Feel free to distribute the story
                    (unaltered, of course), but be discrete.
       =================================================================

     It was so easy.

     The sweet little bitch moaned and cried, chocking on the oily rag I had
stuffed in her mouth, but didn't try to move away as I rammed my greased cock
up her tight little ass.

     She couldn't have been more than eighteen, a student at the local college
in the little hick town of Easton. With her tight blonde curls and sparkling
blue eyes, she had been the first thing to catch my eye as I got off the
greyhound. Walking down the main street with a couple of school friends...
well, she'd been a welcome sight. I was down on my luck: bus ticket ran out
here in the middle of nowhere, and me with only a few dead presidents left in
my battered wallet.

     When I saw her, though... I knew I would have her. Would fuck her. It'd
been weeks since I'd taken a bitch and some time more since I'd had one as
sweet and young as her. Pickings were slim in the city. The women were getting
smarter; warier or something. I'd even resorted to taking whores, although that
was nowhere near as much fun.

     But this one...

     She was perfect. I stuck around for a few days, figured out her pattern -
they all have patterns - and it was the easiest thing snatching her right off
the street. Nothing like the prick of a knife in the back of the neck to
inspire obedience. Led her into the alley where we waited for night to fall -
me sitting behind her, fondling her firm, young titties, all the time telling
her what was going to happen to her - and, when it was dark enough, I took her
to an abandoned warehouse on the outskirts of town.

     Used to store farm equipment or something, but not any more.

     She'd been a virgin when I took her. 

     But not any more.

     I'd already fucked her in the cunt, right away. Just to take the edge off.
It only took a couple of minutes before I came. As I said, it had been a while.

     After that, I'd stripped her naked, tied her hands in front of her, and
stuffed a rag in her mouth; they always tried to scream and shout at this part.
Tears poured out of her pretty blue eyes while I put her in position - on her
knees with her legs spread, shoulders on the ground and bound hands extended
back between her legs, head turned so I could see her face - and then stuffed
my raging hardon straight up her asshole. She squealed and bucked like crazy,
but as I said earlier, she didn't try to get away.

     Probably liked it.

     Bitch.

     By now I had my full weight on her, and my face was up next to hers.
That's what I liked the best: watching their pretty faces contort in pain and
fear as they feel my hot manhood impaling them from behind.

     "Don't cry baby," I whispered, licking a tear from her cheek. Salty. She
moaned into the gag.

     Bitch. 

     Well, I'd give her something to cry about. She'd soon be licking the shit
and come from my cock. When I was done fucking with her, she'd no longer be a
virgin in any of her holes. Good thing too; waste of flesh not to plug such
beautiful holes.

     I began to pick up the pace as I felt my cock grow harder, each thrust
deeper and more violent, faster and faster as I slammed my hips...

     "If you don't mind my saying so, your technique is a bit - how shall I say
it? - crude."

     WHAT THE FUCK?

     I pushed upwards to my feet, slamming the little bitch's face into the
ground as my cock jerked free, spraying cum all over her back. Ignoring that, I
stumbled back and picked up my knife, looking for the source of that voice...
there he was...

     "Yes," he repeated. "Crude. That's the word. The right idea, I think." He
smiled at me. "But crude."

     I stared, speechless. The speaker was a man, no more than five feet tall
at the most, thin with stringy, grey hair and bright blue eyes. Strange eyes.
He was wearing a suit, but not like you see people wearing on the street or in
offices or anything. It looked... well, older, I guess. More formal. He even
had a little cane. I almost laughed; he looked kind of like a little doll or
something, perfectly proportioned, but small and kind of ageless.

     Certainly not a threat to me.

     I lowered the knife.

     "Ah," he smiled. "A modicum of trust. How touching."

     "Huh?" What the fuck was he talking about?

     The little man gestured to where the blonde bitch was snivelling on the
ground. She had risen to her knees, where she huddled cringing, trying to cover
her tits. "I've interrupted you," he said. "Please forgive me. Do continue on
with what you were doing."

     Fuckin right. 

     I didn't know who he was or what he was doin' here, but there was some
unfinished business with my little bitch. Keeping hold of the knife, I picked
up a stool and slammed it down in front of her. I grabbed her by the hair as
she tried to pull away and jerked her teary face up next to mine.

     "OK bitch," I growled at her, sitting down on the stool. "One more hole."
I brought the knife up and slid it lightly over her throat. "One more thing and
you're outta here. OK?"

     She nodded. They always believed that. 

     Just hope, I guess. 

     Stupid stupid stupid.

     Still, it served my purpose. I shoved her face down into my crotch and let
hope do the rest. Sobbing and shaking, she opened her mouth to accept my shit
and cum-stained cock and started sucking. Before long, I was looking down on
her pretty curls as they bobbed up and down in my lap. Not bad. Not bad at all.

     Almost a shame to have to do her when I was done.

     Satisfied, I looked over at the little man. Strange as it seemed, I wasn't
the slightest bit worried about him. Even as a witness. He didn't seem like a
threat, and if he tried to run I knew I could catch him before he got out of
the warehouse.

     So why not let him watch?

     The bitch choked and whined, but she moved her mouth up and down on my
cock without being forced. The promise of release after I had come had its
usual effect. I had to laugh; the little cunt was doing her best to make it
"good" for me. My cock began to swell; despite the fact that I had already come
twice, I knew it wouldn't take long.

     All the while, the little man just stood there, a slight smile on his
face, watching. Strange. I'd have to satisfy my curiosity about him before
doing him as well. No witnesses; that was the rule.

     Eventually, I came. My little blonde cocksucker choked and coughed, but
tried to swallow as best she could. It was too much for her though, and my cock
slipped free to spurt a long rope of jism all over her face as she fell
backwards to the warehouse floor.

     After I was done, I slipped my cock back into my pants and got to my feet.
Time to finish things. I reached down and picked up my knife...

     "Just a moment." The man spoke up again. For some reason, I obeyed. I
thought I may as well hear what he had to say.

     Before I killed him. 

     "I think I may be able to offer you some assistance." He walked forward,
coming right up to me. I towered over him; he really couldn't have been more
than five feet tall. "Permit me to introduce myself," he said. "My name is Mr
Poe."

     So?

     "It appears that you plan to deal with this young lady... in rather a
'permanent' manner?"

     He raised his eyebrows, waiting for an answer.

     "Gonna cut her." I waved the knife in her general direction and was
rewarded with a squeal of fear. Bitch started sobbing again. I loved that
sound.

     The little man - Mr Poe - shook his head. 

     That made me angry. "What the fuck do you care?" This was getting tired
real fast.

     "Tell me," he said, looking up at me with this weird look on his face,
"What do you like?" I must have looked confused, because he went on after a
couple of seconds. "I mean to say, what do you *do* this for? Do you like to
humiliate women? Teach them their place? Really *hurt* them."

     Fuck, that was easy. "Yeah. All of the above. What's your point?"

     "Simply this," he answered, "I can help you. I can alter your...
circumstances so that you can hurt and humiliate them far more effectively than
you ever thought possible."

     He was crazy. "Fuck man. I just raped the little bitch in every hole she
has and now I'm going to cut her a new one." The knife trembled in my hand,
crying out to be used. "What the fuck else could I do to her?"

     "This."   

     I stood back and watched as he approached the girl. She was crouching on
her knees, still snivelling, trying without much success to cover herself with
her bound hands. The man knelt down in front of her and stared into her eyes
for a couple of seconds. Then he looked over at me with an odd little smile.
"Cindy here's carrying your baby."

     I just grunted, unmoved. 

     So what? She'd be dead in a couple of minutes.

     He turned back to her and, still gazing into her eyes, began speaking
quietly to her. I strained to listen: he was giving her orders. Telling her
that she would remember the rape, but not tell anyone; that she would carry the
baby to term, but never reveal the identity of the father; that she would
devote her whole life to the child - quit school, get any job she could, and
spend everything she had bringing it up; and that she would never, never in her
life willingly have sex with anyone else. And, for the rest of her life, she
would remember the rape and be aware of the fact that it would be the only
sexual experience she would ever have.

     Finished, he straightened up again and looked over at me with a raised
eyebrow. My cock was rock hard again, at the thought of what he had proposed,
but I wasn't into fantasy. This was real. Humiliation and degradation were
fine, but I knew what had to be done. He must have seen the disbelief on my
face, 'cause he turned back to the girl and gave another order: "Stand up. Go
over and give Mr Ellis a big kiss and thank him for putting the baby in your
tummy."

     Fuck! How did he know my name? This had gone on long enough; time to
finish the girl and then this little asshole.

     I began to move forward, but stopped in my tracks as the girl got to her
feet, walked over to where I was standing and reached up to kiss me. I was
stunned. Was she was really going to do it? Follow those orders? I just stood
there as the girl I had just finished brutally raping brought her lips up to
mine for a long, passionate kiss.

     I kept my eyes open. So did she. The fear and horror at what she was doing
was plainly visible in her big, blue eyes as the tears trickled down her
cheeks. My cock began to ache it was so excited; this was so much better than
mere physical violation! Finally, she broke off the kiss and spoke: "Thank you
for putting the baby in my tummy," she said.

     Hating every word of it.

     I almost came again, then and there. The little man must have noticed my
excitement - it was hard to miss - 'cause he ordered the girl to kneel and suck
me off. 'One for the road,' he joked, although it sounded odd in his strange,
high-pitched voice. Without a word, she knelt down and began bobbing her mouth
up and down on my rigid cock. As she worked, the man introduced himself again:
Mr Poe.

     Mr Poe.

     He walked right up to me and we shook hands. 

     Just like that. 

     Within minutes, I dumped another load of cum in Cindy's mouth. She
swallowed every drop, keeping my cock in her mouth until Mr Poe ordered her to
stop.

     She stopped. Then he undid her bonds, told her to clean herself up and
sent her away, repeating his orders as to how she was to spend the rest of her
life. Once again, I savoured the revulsion on her pretty face as he bound her
to his will, but she didn't say anything.

     Just dusted herself off and left. 

     Without saying a word.

     I looked over at Mr Poe. "She'll do it?" I asked, voice hoarse. "All of
it?"

     He nodded. 

     Fuck. "How did you do that?"

     "It isn't difficult," he told me. Then he added: "You can do it too."

     Those words hit me like a blow. I could do it too. Control women; violate
their minds as well as their bodies. Fuck them mentally as well as physically.

     "How?" I had to learn how to do it. "Show me."

     Mr Poe smiled. "I will," he answered. "But not here." He gestured to the
doorway. "I have a car nearby. We'll drive up to the city. It's the perfect
place to... to practice."

     Fine. There was nothing keeping me in this little shithole of a town.

     I nodded my acceptance and followed him out of the warehouse and across
the street to an old beater. He gestured for me to take the wheel.

     I drove in silence as he explained his 'power' to me.

     It was all kind of technical. Something about quantum mechanics - whatever
the hell that is; I can't even check the oil on a car - and how at a certain,
very small level there is no reality. Just probability. And nothing actually
exists until it's observed. That's what the mind is for, he said, observing.
Fixing reality out of flux. And, he went on, if a person understood how the
process worked, how to *impose* a reality rather than passively observe it...
well, that person can control reality. Or, at least, how others *observed*
reality. Which, he concluded, is one and the same thing.

     His words.

     I dunno. It sounded like a bunch of crap to me. Waves and particles... I
just kept remembering the look in that bitch's eyes when she brought her lips
to up to mine. The fear and loathing... the horrible knowledge that she was
going to be spending the rest of her life looking after a kid fathered by the
rapist who took her virginity in the only sexual experience she'd ever have.
That's what I was in it for; the power to do that. I didn't care about how it
worked; I just wanted to know how to do it. The scientific details just washed
over me.

     The drive to the city took just over three hours. Mr Poe told me to go
along to a dingy little hotel a couple blocks from Main Street. A real dive,
but the little guy was paying, and I wasn't in a position to complain. I wanted
to get going right away, but Mr Poe insisted on waiting 'till the next day. I
spent a restless night staring at the ceiling, remembering the girl's
horror-stricken face.

     Imagining what I could do.

     What I *would* do.

                                     *****

     The next morning, we took a walk through City Park. A 'stroll' Mr Poe
said. He was dressed pretty much the same as he had been the day before. A
different suit, but the same formal, out of date style. I was in jeans and
tee-shirt.

     I was anxious to get going, but Mr Poe just smiled and said to wait.
'Something will come along,' he said. Sure enough, not ten minutes later, this
girl jogger approached us on the footpath. She must have been in her
mid-twenties; tall and slender, with long legs and small, firm tits. An
athlete's body. She had thick, brown hair pulled back in a pony tail which
bounced and bobbed as she ran.

     "Excuse me." Mr Poe caught her attention, and, as soon as she looked at
him, she stopped running. There was silence for a few moments, and then Mr Poe
spoke: "That looks like hard work." It did; her face glistened with sweat.
"Maybe you should take a break." The girl looked slightly puzzled, but just
nodded. "Perhaps over there?" Mr Poe gestured towards a small copse of trees
about sixty feet off the path. Once again the girl nodded, and we all walked
over. By this time my cock was raging in my pants. I was ready for the good
part.

     I didn't have to wait long.

     "My friend here," he said, nodding at me, "seems to be a bit... excited.
Why not kneel down in front of him and masturbate his penis for a bit while we
get acquainted?"

     I saw the same look of horror I had seen in the other bitch's face, but
she just said: "sure". The girl dropped to her knees in front of me, undid my
fly and started playing with my cock with her long, cool fingers. She continued
to do it while Mr Poe questioned her. Her name was Brenda. She was a student,
getting her masters in economics at the local university. Not married or
engaged, but she did have a steady boyfriend.

     God, her unwilling fingers felt good on my cock.

     Mr Poe reached up and put his hand on my shoulder. 

     "Try it," he said. I did my best, squeezing my eyes shut and concentrating
as hard as I could, but nothing happened. I tried to recall all the stuff he
had told me the day before, about energy... about waves... about particles... I
did my best, but nothing happened.

     Blank.

     I looked over at Mr Poe. 

     The corners of his mouth turned up in what might have been a smile. "You
are trying too hard Mr Ellis," he told me. "Don't think; feel. I'll help you."
I sighed and tried to loosen up, staring down at the girl as she manipulated
and teased my rigid cock. She had the most amazing blue eyes; quite a contrast
with her dark hair. They looked up at me, big and wet... begging for release
from her prison of a body...

     Then it happened! It was almost like sinking into her body; into her mind.
Suddenly, I half felt as though I was looking up at myself... playing with my
own cock; but at the same time, I *knew* that I was still me. I still had
control, but I could poke about in her mind. I heard a voice: "There you are Mr
Ellis." It was Mr Poe; he wasn't speaking out loud, but somehow I could hear
him. Sort of. "Now we will pull out," he said (thought?), and I felt my
awareness re-centre itself in my body.

     Wild.

     "Now you try," he ordered. "Get her to perform orally."

     The girl whimpered at his words, but I ignored her. I just looked back
down at her face and... and there it was: I was in again. Simple as that. Kind
of like those pictures they show you when you're a kid. You know, the ones with
other pictures hidden inside? At first you just can't see it no matter how hard
you try, but after you do finally get it, you wonder why you never saw it
before. Just like that.

     I let my mind soak up her awareness. Tasted her fear and revulsion, but
saw how they were submerged beneath a kind of... well, I don't know how to
describe it; it was like her personality, her self, was trapped beneath some
kind of... well, ice. Black ice. That's not right, but it's the best I could
do. I could sense her trapped awareness - it was delicious - but I can't really
explain why it was trapped.

     It just was. 

     OK. Time to add another layer of ice.

     "I bet you're the kind of girl who likes to suck cock," I told her. It
seemed right to vocalize commands. "Aren't you?"

     She nodded; the ice grew a little thicker. Changed shape; warped.

     "In fact, you're quite a little cocksucker. Right?"

     "Yes." Her face burned with humiliation while her true self writhed in
torment beneath the ice.

     "Say it."

     "I'm quite the little cocksucker," she intoned.

     "Like you mean it," I growled. "Look happy."

     A sick smile came over her face, like a cartoon caricature of lust as she
repeated: "I'm quite the little cocksucker."

     Bitch was mocking me. I reached up a hand to smack her one.

     "Just a moment." It was Mr Poe again, halting my blow. "Let me show you."
He made a couple of slight adjustments to the barrier we had erected between
her body and her self. Just enough to let some personality through, but not
enough to lose control. "Now try it." I felt him withdraw.

     I looked down on the girl. "Tell me what you like," I ordered.

     This time it was for real. If it hadn't been for the spark, the sliver, of
horror in her eyes, I could've sworn she was a bitch in heat. Parting her lips,
she looked up at me: "Please," she whined, "I'm a cocksucker; a good little
cocksucker. Let me suck you." Her slender body twisted with repressed
sexuality. "I want you in my mouth," she begged. "Please let me suck you."

     More like it. 

     "Suck it, bitch." 

     With a little squeal of excitement, she slipped her wet lips over my cock
and immediately began bobbing her face up and down, willingly impaling her face
on my cock while slavering at it with her tongue. The little cunt gave the best
head I'd had in years. So good, I was ready to blow in a couple of minutes,
sucking and slurping like it was the best thing in the world. Just as I was
about to come, I pulled her face away and held it inches from my cock. She
moaned and tried to pull away, but I held her there as rope after rope of
white, sticky cum sprayed all over her beautiful face and hair. When I finally
let go, she sprawled back on her ass. I'd lost control of her when I came; she
was no longer under any mental compulsion.

     She immediately brought a hand up to wipe her face.

     "No." I slipped in again. It got easier every time. "Leave it there. You
like it." This time I was careful to leave some breaks in the ice so some
personality could get through. "You like it so much," I continued, "that you're
going to start masturbating. You're hotter than you've ever been in your life,
but no matter what you do, you can't come." She immediately dropped one hand
down under the waistband of her shorts and started rubbing her pussy. She
moaned with lust and used her other hand to massage with her tits.

     A pair of hands started clapping behind me. 

     It was Mr Poe.

     "Very good Mr Ellis. Very good. A very strong first effort."

     I smirked and gave a little bow.

     "I think you've grasped the basics," he continued. "You know how to get in
and establish control. You know how to allow a certain amount of personality to
come through so that they are not just puppets, not mere caricatures." The
little man walked forward until he was right in front of the bitch. "Now you
need to learn how to undertake a more permanent alteration; how to set up
commands that will last long after you have moved on."

     "Like with that bitch up in Easton?"

     "Yes," he smiled at me. "Like I did with Cindy." He turned to face Brenda,
who was moaning and writhing at our feet. "Come inside," he ordered, "and
watch."

     I did as he said, slipping into Brenda's mind like it was nothing. It was,
really; once you realized - felt - how it was done, it was as easy as focussing
your eyes on a nearby object. Almost automatic. Once in, I watched - if that's
the right word - while Mr Poe added a new layer to the ice; changing it, making
it harder as he warped her personality into something different. And, while she
moaned and whined at our feet in frustrated lust, Mr Poe articulated the
changes he was making.

     "First," he said, using the same quiet, intense voice he had used on the
girl in Easton, "you will remember none of this. You just went on a normal jog
in the park." The bitch whined, not acknowledging his orders. From the frantic
activity under her shorts, she must have been thrusting half of her hand in and
out of her cunt. "You'll find," he went on, "that you greatly enjoy oral sex.
In fact, from now on, that's the only kind of sex you will enjoy; the only time
you will ever experience an orgasm is when you feel warm cum striking your
face."

     I watched as he shaped her personality, channelling energy and desire into
the patterns he wanted. What he was doing now was actually quite different than
just making up the ice; he seemed to have gone further into her mind than
before. Further than I could follow.

     "In fact," he continued, "you enjoy it so much, you'll feel the urge to
engage in oral sex at least three times a week. And never twice with the same
man."

     Twisting... shaping... 

     "And once he's come on your face, you won't wash it off for at least six
hours. Do you understand?"

     "Y-yessss..." If anything her movements became even more frantic; I'd
swear she had her entire hand in her pussy.

     "Fine." Mr Poe pulled out her mind, leaving me to admire his handiwork.
Nice job. More importantly, I had an idea how to do it now; the trick was to
connect yourself with a deeper part of the subject's mind than you would with
short term control; really put a part of yourself in their mind; in effect,
become them, if only for a few moments.

     I looked over at the little man. 

     Now what?

     He smiled at me. "Why not," he suggested, "provide her with the first
orgasm of her new life?"

     Sounded good. I withdrew my cock from my pants and gestured at her. It
didn't take control. Mr Poe had done all the work; the moment she saw the cock,
she almost threw herself at me, gobbling it up and sucking at it like there was
no tomorrow. It took a while, having come just ten minutes ago, but I
eventually dumped a load on her face. This time, she didn't pull away; instead,
she took her mouth away just as I came and directed the cum onto her face. The
minute it struck her cheeks, she came, a long, violent, screeching orgasm. I
was afraid someone would hear and come to see what was going on, but no one
did.

     Eventually, she wound down, gasping and panting as trickles of sweat wore
trails through the cum which splattered her face. Mr Poe told her to get up and
continue her jog, reminding her that she would remember none of this. Just as
she left, he added: "One more thing." She turned to look at him. "I don't think
you're going to pass any of your courses," he told her. "It might be a good
idea to seduce your professors." He smiled. "Just to make certain." She nodded,
and I didn't have to be inside her mind to know that he had added yet another
twist and warp to her personality. We watched silently as she jogged, face
still shiny and wet with sperm which would remain there for at least six hours,
around the corner and our of sight.

     We practised for the rest of the morning. Just short term stuff; Mr Poe
said he wanted me to be completely comfortable with getting in and taking
control before he would show me how to take the next step: how to submerge
myself in the subject's mind.

     How to make permanent changes.

     I made a girl named Anna lose control of her bowels and bladder in a
restaurant. She was sitting, having breakfast with a bunch of friends when I
entered her mind and pulled a few strings. She froze in mid-sentence as she
felt the warm gush in between her legs. Panicking, she stood; her friends
watched in disbelief as the piss ran free, staining her skirt and trickling
down her legs. Then there was a loud, farting sound.. The girl, now crying,
turned and fled the restaurant, leaving a trail of shit and piss as she ran.

     Jo-Anne was on her way to a job interview. I entered her mind and forced
to her to strip off her clothes and run naked through the office. She made
quite an impression as she ran, tits bouncing freely, past the desks of the
other workers and into the employment office, but I doubt she got the job.

     Or maybe she did.

     Cheryl experienced the biggest, loudest orgasm of her life as she stood in
a crowded elevator with some partners from the law firm where she worked.
Collapsing to the floor, she slipped a hand down the front of her skirt and
began frigging herself, desperate to come again. The other passengers, us
included, looked at each other in surprise, mouths gaping.

     One of the partners snickered.

     All in all, a good morning's work.

                                     *****

     After a quick lunch (and an even quicker blowjob from the blonde
waitress), the practice continued. Mr Poe said that he thought I was now ready
to learn how to make permanent changes; how to alter a subject's personality
completely. Oh, I was ready, alright. This was what I had been waiting for;
ever since I saw what he did to that little Cindy bitch back in Easton.

     We found her at a food fair in the City Square, having a late lunch. She
was dressed in a conservative business suit and had her thick, brown hair
pulled up in a tight bun, but behind the glasses and the unflattering clothing
she was a real beauty. Mr Poe introduced himself, and 'convinced' her to join
us on an isolated park bench. Her name was Amy Henderson. She was an accountant
at a big downtown firm. In fact, she had just been made a partner, and saw
herself as something of a pioneer for women in that profession.

     Bit of a feminist. 

     Well, more than a bit.

     I waited impatiently while Mr Poe slowly drew all of this information from
her: her past; her training and education; her goals... I wanted to get right
to it, but he was patient. "There's no hurry, Mr Ellis," he told me, as if
reading my mind. "The more information we gain, the better we may tailor our
little... game."

     I nodded reluctantly. He was the boss. 

     For now.

     He turned back to the woman. She had a puzzled look on her face, confused
by our conversation. Mr Poe went in and soothed her. Her face lost the puzzled
expression, and she just sat there, passively. An empty vessel, waiting to be
filled.

     Mr Poe continued the conversation.

     Turned out, she was quite upset about something that had happened that day
at work. A number of men from the office were in the habit of going out every
once in a while to a local strip joint after work for drinks. Amy had found out
about it, and had tried to make an issue of it with her bosses. They'd made
sympathetic noises, but essentially told her to mind her own business. She was
presently in the process of writing a formal complaint to the Institute of
Chartered Accountants. 'Conduct unbecoming', or some such bullshit.

     I sat, bored, through all of this, waiting for the good stuff. Finally, Mr
Poe turned to me.  "Come in," he ordered. "I'll show you." Obediently, I
followed him inside the girl's mind - it was almost second nature to me now -
and watched as he... altered her.

     It was different than the short term control. You had to go much deeper
inside, virtually *becoming* the subject, in order to make changes that would
last. The ice was still there, but you had to make the changes from inside in
order to make it permanent. I watched - felt - as he did that to the girl.

     As usual, he vocalized the orders as he made the changes. She was still to
continue on at work as she always did - smart, competent, bitchy - but in the
evenings... In the evenings, she was to become a stripper. At a particular
club. Three times a week, she would feel an uncontrollable sexual urge that
could only be satisfied by slowly removing her clothing on a lit catwalk... in
front of a crowd of jeering, cheering men. Her excitement would build and
build, until, at the end of every show, she would experience a shattering
orgasm. Right on stage. And, when she was eventually seen by her co-workers,
she would do her best to buy their silence with her body; she would offer them
anything - would *do* anything - so they wouldn't tell at work.

     And, when she finally did lose her job, she would go to work full time as
a stripper...

     I watched her walk away, shivering slightly, half in lust, half in
exhaustion. The experience had been much more intense than with short-term
control. It was like Mr Poe - and myself, along for the ride - had become one
with the girl, using our willpower to bend her personality to our control. By
the time we pulled out, her character had been permanently changed. She would
carry out Mr Poe's orders, feeling and doing what he told her to feel and do,
without ever realizing the difference. It was fucking fantastic! Despite the
fact that I'd had a blowjob less than an hour earlier, my cock felt like it was
going to explode.

     This blew rape all to hell.

     After a quick trip to the strip joint to make certain that Amy would be
hired (Mr Poe even suggested a couple of 'themes' for her act: schoolgirl;
bondage slut...), we walked towards the large park out behind the university.
As we walked, Mr Poe took me over the technique I would need to know in order
to make permanent changes. He had gone over all this before, but now that I had
experienced it, I began to understand.

     He gave me one more quick demonstration. It was a young student this time,
named Pamela Brown. She was studying to be a teacher or something. Mr Poe took
me in and again showed me how it was done; the same joined feeling, the same
hard, black ice... The alterations were more subtle this time: he rearranged
her feelings so that she would become slightly masochistic. And a lesbian. Not
a lot; not so she couldn't control it, but enough to affect her personality.
Hell, I would have done a lot more, but Mr Poe just smiled when I told him
that. "In time," he said, "the more subtle changes can be much more
satisfying."

     Uh-huh.

     Well, that was his style. Mine was a little more direct. And, finally, he
told me I was ready to try to do it myself. Fuck, I couldn't wait.

     The first one was a cute little science major named Roxanne. She had just
broken up with her boyfriend. He'd wanted to have anal sex with her, but she
had refused. She'd caught him with another girl soon after, and that was that.

     "Roxanne," I told her, slipping deeply into her mind, "that wasn't very
nice." I was inside, deep. "I think that you should go back to him and beg him
to fuck you up the ass."

     "But..." My control wasn't complete. I went in deeper.

     "Not only that," I continued, now almost one with her mind, "from now on
you will only have anal sex. The thought of taking a cock up the ass is
incredibly exciting; you'll come screaming every time." From inside, I could
feel her personality altering to match my words. The black ice was warping her
character to fit my will. "In fact, you'll have anal sex at least three times a
week from now on, but never with one guy more than once a week." Maybe, just
maybe, there was a small spark of rebellion inside of her as I told her this,
but I just slipped in a little deeper and snuffed it out. I was sweating and
shaking by the time I was finished, but it worked. The little bitch walked away
remembering nothing, but from that day onward, she would do what I had told
her.

     Be a good little ass slut.

     And, man, it felt great! I felt like a fucking god.

     I had to do it again.

     The second bitch was a tall, blonde woman named Tanya. She taught remedial
english, or, as she called it, "jock" english. Basically, it was a course
designed to keep the athletes on the playing field. She hated it, and hated the
big, stupid guys she was forced to instruct.

     Or, at least, she used to hate them. Now, she loved them. So much, in
fact, that she would do her best each term to sleep with as many of them as
possible.

     I wondered how long she would last at the job...

     I turned Laurie and Dana into masochists. They would constantly feel a
sexual excitement which they could only satisfy by inflicting pain on
themselves.

     Or, more specifically, on their tits...

     By the time I was finished with her, Sandra was the school whore, more
than willing to sleep with anyone with five bucks in his pocket. She'd start
work that night...

     Amanda was an extremely shy girl. At Mr Poe's suggestion, I turned her
into an exhibitionist. She would feel the urge to show off her body in public,
getting more and more sexually aroused as she did so. I set it up so that she
would have to come in public at least once a day...

     Lara, Stephanie, Janet, Gloria and Beverly were all a part of the
cheerleading squad. We met them on the way to practice and stopped to 'chat'.
By the time I was finished with them, they all had the same, uncontrollable
urge to have babies. Basically, they were like bitches in heat; they would fuck
anything and everything until they became pregnant. After that, they would
carry the baby to term and then start the cycle all over again. At their age, I
figured they each had a good twenty-five years of baby-making ahead of them...

     I turned a couple more girls into ass sluts, gave another the
uncontrollable urge to have sex with dogs, and, finally, took away from the
associate dean of the university the power to control her own bladder.

     That was enough. It was great, and I felt like a kid in a candy store, but
it took a lot of energy. Mr Poe agreed, and we headed back to our hotel room.
Along the way, I picked up Melinda, a tall willowy blonde, and had her follow
us back. Mr Poe returned to his room, and I lay down on my bed. Melinda knelt
at the edge of the bed and began to suck my cock. I came within a minute, and
she sucked it all down without complaint.

     Of course. 

     I ordered her to start playing with herself as she sucked. After that, I
fell asleep, lulled by the soft slurping sounds of her lips on my now flaccid
cock.

                                     *****

     I woke with a strange feeling in my chest.

     The blonde bitch, Melinda, was still sucking away at my cock. How long had
it been? It seemed to be dark on the other side of the curtains; still night,
then. My cock was so hard it was almost painful. The little slut's lips felt
great wrapped around it, but for some reason I just couldn't come...

     "Ahhhh..." A sharp pain shot through my chest. It felt like someone was
squeezing and pinching at my nipples. It happened again... and again... I
kicked in pain, knocking Melinda's mouth from my cock. She fell backwards and
lay on the floor, watching with wide, frightened eyes. Her fingers were still
buried in her own cunt. Still playing with herself.

     I shouted again, twisting on the bed, as another series of sharp pains
stung my chest. The pain built as my cock kept getting harder and harder... I
was writhing on the bed, drenched in sweat when, finally, the pain hit a new
peak and I came, spraying warm cum all over my chest and stomach. It seemed to
go on forever. Eventually, though, the pain faded and my cock finally softened.

     "Oh god..."

     The door to my room opened and Mr Poe walked in.

     "Mr Poe..." I tried to get out of the bed, but just as I did so, a
gut-wrenching cramp twisted my bowels. I fell back on the bed, back arching,
gasping, as the agony stopped, started and then fell into a pounding, brutal
rhythm. I gritted my teeth and grunted in time with each surge of pain and
nausea.

     My cock started to get hard again.

     What was happening to me?

     Through the grinding, throbbing haze of agony, I saw Melinda on the floor
at the foot of the bed. The bitch was still masturbating, but she was now lying
on her front. She was grunting and thrusting her ass upwards in time with each
surge of pain that tore through my bowels. Very familiar. Looking all the world
like she was getting...

     No.

     "Poe!!!"

     I tried to yell, but it came out more like a groan.

     "Mr Ellis," he said, a quiet smile on his ugly face, "It has occurred to
me that perhaps I... er, neglected one particular aspect of your training. How
careless of me." I tried to say something, but the agony was too much. Worse,
my cock was rock hard again, aching and throbbing like I hadn't fucked in a
week. "You see," he continued, "when you go deep enough into a subject, you
actually become a part of them, just as they become a part of you." The little
bastard walked up to the side of the bed and looked down on me as I sweated and
grunted in pain. "And, unless one takes care to disengage one's self fully from
the subject, a part of them remain in you." He looked over at Melinda, whose
groans and pants echoed my own. "Not a great deal, of course." He turned his
attention back to me. "Just the part that was... well, changed."

     The pain in my ass swelled suddenly, and I came, yelling, once again
spraying myself with sperm as the ache slowly faded. I wanted to get up; I
wanted to take ahold of the little fucker and pound his ugly little face into a
pulp. But I was too weak. All I could do was lay there, gasping. Then,
inevitably, the pain started again. This time in both places, my chest and ass.
Melinda, still twitching on the floor, let out a little whimper as it started
to build.

     "Poe," I groaned.

     "So," he said, turning away from the bed, "you'll feel whatever you caused
your subjects to feel."

     "Poe!!" The pain in my chest grew; it felt like someone was pinching my
nipples as hard as they could. I felt the skin break, and a thin trickle of
blood dribbled down my chest.

     "I wonder," he said as he reached the door, "I wonder how it will feel
nine months from now; when all those girls start having babies."

     "POE!!!" 

     I screamed as loud as I could, lunging out of the bed, overcome with the
need to feel his scrawny neck in my hands. I didn't make it, though. The pain
in my bowels was too great, and I collapsed to the floor beside Melinda. I
rolled onto my front, desperate to relieve the pain in my ass. But it was no
use. Groaning, I crawled back onto the bed and looked over at Mr Poe. He had a
hand on the door and was opening it.

     Fucker.

     "W-what is it?" I grunted, doubling over as a new wave of cramps and
nausea surged through my body. My cock was hard again. Aching. "Why m-me? What
is this... some kind of fucking poetic justice?"

     And, for the first time since I had met him, I saw the little fucker grin.
Not just one of his prim little smiles, but a large, gaping ear-to-ear shit
eating fuck-you grin.

     I almost shit my pants.

     "Justice, Mr Ellis?" For a moment I thought he would even laugh. "Oh, no,
Mr Ellis. Not justice." The grin disappeared like it had never existed. "Fun.
I'm having fun."

     He slipped through the door, shutting it behind him, as a fresh spasm of
pain ripped through my ass.

     Melinda screamed. 

     I did too.

     Nine months...

                                    THE END
       =================================================================
             As usual, I am interested in any comments you may have
               regarding this story, or any of my other stories.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





