BDSM Library - Louise




Louise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A vicious girl is saved from prison by her neighbour by being indentured to him for two months. At first it is a painful experience but then finds freedom on an isolated island.
Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright Obohobo 2002




Louise

by obohobo

Chapter One, A vicious attack.

The loud altercation between May and her daughter Louise had been going on for
some minutes. Knowing Louise's propensity for violence I opened the connecting
gate between our gardens and crossed the lawn to May's house. Two high pitched
screams emanated from the kitchen and on passing the window I saw May leaning on
the counter covering her hands covering face. I arrived at the front door just
as it opened. Louise stormed out, turned and shouted back at her mother,
"Perhaps now you will do as I sodden well tell you!" Seeing me she spat, "And
you can keep your snotty nose out of it."

I am Eric Laxley and at 29 I am comfortably if not well off. My parents died in
a car crash four years previously and I inherited the house, a croft cottage in
the on the small island of Bornholm now a bird sanctuary off the coast of Wales.
Grandfather had bought the croft with eight acres of land during the depression
era when it went for a song. A few years ago the Royal Society for the
Protection of Birds bought the island as a bird reserve and wanted our land too
but we refused to sell. In recent years I've spent a considerable amount of time
there watching and filming the wildlife and acting as a part time warden for the
RSPB. My parents left enough money in bonds and insurance policies that I don't
really have to work but having been apprenticed to a joinery firm, I have a love
of wood and craftwork. Mostly this is for my own enjoyment but also use my
talents helping others either for a nominal charge or no charge at all. My other
love is natural history. I am a keen member of the local Wild Life Trust and
often show excerpts of my animal and bird filming to them as part of their
winter months programme. Some of my films have been made into TV programmes and
that has served to suppliment my income.

May is in her fifties, fairly plump and when not harassed by her daughter, is of
a jovial disposition. Her husband died of cancer a decade ago. Even while my
parents were alive she and I had were on good terms and since their death she
became almost a surrogate mother to me. In return I did a lot of repair work and
other odd jobs on her house.

Louise is totally different in character. She inherited her mothers tendency for
plumpness but her nature is sour and demanding. Her tongue sharp, her temper
quick. A throw back to her grandmother who they say was an absolute tyrant.
Because of this she never had any real friends and all the jobs she tried lasted
only a few weeks at most before she was asked to leave. As a child she learned
that by throwing a tantrum should could get what she wanted from her father,
Unfortunately she did not grow out of the habit when he died continued to
bulldoze her mother in the same way. Even as a not unattractive teenager her
caustic comments kept all but the bravest boys at bay and those that did venture
near were soon stung. As a boy a few years older than her, I learned to keep out
of her way and nowadays tried to work on the house when she was out.

Now at 26 Louise has became more introverted and aggressive to others. Her
father's long battle against cancer with May nursing him twenty fours hours a
day at the end meant there was little money left after the funeral. May took two
part time jobs, one as a waitress in a local cafe and the other as a school
cleaner. Neither paid very well and Louise's demands kept them always in debt.

Entering the house, I found May sitting on the floor, screaming in pain, her
hands still covering her face. A riding crop lay tossed on a chair.

"My God, May, what has she done to you?" I gently removed her hands and was
aghast at the sight. Two livid weals, one across each cheek extending from mouth
to ear. Already they were ridged and a deep crimson colour.

"She wanted salmon and I could only afford cod" sobbed May.

"You mean she welted you for a plate of fish?" I was incredulous. Stunned.

"One thing lead to another and she started on at me again for being the worst
mother in the world and then I lost it and told if that was the case to pack her
bags and leave." "She said it  was her home and I should go and when I told her
to get the hell out of it, she picked her riding crop from the hook in the hall
and slashed me."

I tended the weals with witchhazel and a salve and gave her a couple of
paracetamol. Settling her sobbing gently in a chair I phoned Ernie Hargreaves a
friend who was also the local policeman. Ernie was a typical friendly local
bobby. Now nearing retirement he knew everyone in the village and always stopped
for a chat to any he passed by. He of course knew Louise's escapades having seen
May with black eyes and bruises on more than one occasion. Ernie is also a noted
naturalist, and we belong to the same Wild Life Group. We know each other well.
Although off duty he came round immediately.

Seeing May's face he immediately suggested Louise be arrested and charged with
GBH, "Grievous bodily harm," he added. May, he said, should be taken to the
hospital and examined by a police surgeon. He suggested that for further
photographic evidence of the severity should it be necessary I use my Polaroid
camera to photograph it and to take more photos at intervals during the day.
Ernie suggested that Louise would most likely be sent to prison for at least
three months.

Despite her pain and anger, May had no wish to see her daughter imprisoned and
have a criminal record. What was to be done? All of us agreed it would not be
safe for May to live alone under the same roof with her daughter yet May would
not sanction her arrest or being sent to a psychiatric institution. "She just
needs a strong man to control her," she stated with a sideways glance at me.

"How long will she be gone?" I asked. "She took the bus to Shrewsbury and the
next one back to the village isn't until 1 o'clock and the one after that is at
four," answered the still weeping May.

"Then we have most of the day to plan what to do.".




Chapter 2. The Indenture

Louise returned on the 4 o'clock bus. Fury written all over her features. It had
been so embarrassing. After she had spent a considerable time much to the
annoyance of the sales staff, Jones & Templey had refused to accept her credit
card. Ernie had seen to getting it canceled. May's face by this time was very
swollen and an array of grotesque colours. Louise stormed in, paused when she
saw her mother's face and for a second it almost seemed as if she was going to
say, sorry but all she actually did was to snarl at me, "You still here? Haven't
you a home to go to?" To her mother she said, "You'll pay for this bitch."

Entering her bedroom for a moment she stood dumbfounded. It was almost bare. All
her things were gone. Her clothes, her ornaments, her cuddly soft toys. Wardrobe
empty, tallboy empty, dressing table cleared. She stared. All she could see was
a suitcase on the bed ready packed with a few clothes and toiletries. They are
sending me away, she thought. "They won't get away with that," she said to
herself as her already foul mood worsened. Returning to the lounge with fists
flying and physically and verbally attacking both her mother and myself, she
demanded the return of her stuff.

As pre-arranged Ernie arrived in full uniform. "Louise Elizabeth Redman I am
arresting you for the grievous bodily harm you have inflicted on your mother.
You don't have to say anything ......" Louise spun and aimed a fist in Ernie's
direction but I caught it in mid flight. Despite her struggles and invective
Ernie and I forced her hands behind her back and fastened them with a pair of
handcuffs.

Being forced to sit in a chair and more or less immobile, didn't stop the flow
of abuse from Louise. A strip of packaging tape across her mouth did. We left
her like that to cool off a little and adjourned to the kitchen and made a pot
of tea.

Returning I stood before her and spoke. "Louise, look at your mother's face. Try
and feel some of the pain she is going through. Imagine what would have happened
if the strokes had been only a tiny fraction higher and she was blinded. This is
not the first time you have beaten her. We all know that and can testify to the
fact. Yet you show no remorse. Only anger that you cannot get you own way all
the time. PC Hargreaves has every right to take you into custody and charge you
with GBH for which you could get a prison sentence of at least three months,
more likely a year. Your mother even though you have hurt her badly, doesn't of
want this but she now has little say in the matter. It is up to PC Hargreaves
whether or not he charges you with the offence. A criminal offence has been
committed and your mother has no rights as to whether or not you are charged.
Nod your head if that is clear." Louise looked daggers at us. "Is that clear?"
This time she nodded.

Ernie interjected. "After your shameful behaviour to your own mother I am very
willing to see you put away. At least it would give your mother a respite from
your viciousness and demands. Prison might do you a lot of good or it might make
you worse. On my visits to various prisons one thing very noticeable is an
excessive politeness to others - unless you are top dog. Top dogs are the
roughest, toughest and meanest inmates and all others defer to them. If they
don't they are often severely beaten, sometimes permanently damaged. Even
killed. With your temper that could easily happen. Out of respect for your
mother, not you, I may decide not to press the charges but I will need a lot of
convincing that it will be in both her and your best interest."

Tears were now flowing freely from Louise. I continued. "We discussed this at
some length while you were away. We decided that it would not be safe for your
mother if we allowed you to stay. Therefore a case of essential items has been
packed for you. Your leaving this house is not negotiable. You are going."

"However, we are giving you two choices. One as you have just heard is for you
to be charged and held on remand until your trial and sentence. The second is
more unusual. Firstly to make up for a little of the pain you inflicted you will
receive a bare bum hiding. Secondly you will indenture yourself as a servant for
a period of two months into my service with up to one months remission for good
behaviour. We have taken the indenture text from an early 19th century document
which gives me as your master, full rights over you. In return I will pay you
�500 per month. This will however, be paid to your mother to compensate her to a
limited extent for the suffering you caused and for loss of work because she
will not be able to at least undertake her waitressing work until her face is
back to normal and she is unlikely to be able to work as a cleaner for some
days. I will now read you the indenture document after which we will remove the
tape from your mouth and release the handcuffs. If there is another burst of
abuse and violence from you then you will immediately be arrested and taken
away. If you control yourself you will be given 30 minutes to go to your bedroom
to study the document and to make your decision. At the end of the 30 minutes
you will either sign the indenture agreement or be arrested. The choice is
yours. Not much of a choice I admit but at least you have the chance to try and
alter your behaviour without getting a criminal record.

"The indenture reads:

This Indenture Witnesseth that Louise Margaret Redman of Little Brompton in the
County of Shropshire doth put herself into the service of Eric Reginald Laxley
to learn the art of servitude and to serve from this 4th day of May in the year
of our Lord two thousand and one until the end and term of two full calendar
months and from thence following to be ended and complete. During which term the
said Louise Margaret Redman her master shall faithfully serve, his secrets keep,
his commands everywhere gladly do. She shall do no damage to her said master nor
see to be done by others but to the best of her of her ability shall prevent or
forthwith give warning to her said master of the same. She shall not buy or sell
nor absent herself from her said master's service unlawfully but in all things
as a faithful servant she shall behave herself towards her said master during
the said term.

And for the true performance of all and every the said Covenants and Agreements
either of the said parties bindeth herself unto the other by these Presents. In
witness whereof the parties above named have hereunto set their hand and seals
the 4th day of May in the year of our Lord two thousand.

Signed in the presence of            .............................. Master

                                     ............................. Servant

                                     ............................. Mother

                                     .............................. Constable."

There was a look of absolute horror on Louise's face. She would never become
subservient to anyone. Or would she? The alternative was prison.

I resumed speaking. "Now Louise, remember what I said. I am going to remove the
tape from your mouth and the cuffs from your wrists. If there is any abuse or
violence the constable here will immediately arrest you and take you away. We
have photographed your mother's face at various times during the day as evidence
so you not be able later to argue about the severity of her injuries. You may
take this copy of the indenture to your bedroom and study it and think about the
alternative for half an hour then you must make up your mind whether to agree to
the terms. If you have any questions you may come down and ask them or ask
either myself or PC Hargreaves to come up and answer them. If you agree to the
terms you will be given your bare bottom punishment right away in front of us
all and then you will get your suitcase and carry it to my house. Remember no
abuse, no violence. Understand?"

Louise nodded. The tape and cuffs were removed and while she furiously but
silently cursed the lot of us, said nothing out loud. Still angry and crying she
snatched the document and clumped upstairs.

We continued discussing the situation. Ernie firmly believing he should just
take her into custody and have done with it but reluctantly allowing his
friendship with us to go along with the 'game' at least for the time being.
Twenty minutes later came a call from the top of the stairs asking me to come
and answer some questions. "Tell me," she said, "Will I have to take more
punishment from you during the two months or will the hiding you are going to
give me now be the one and only?"

"Louise, if you are good and behave yourself impeccably, then yes but in all
honesty I cannot see that happening so you will receive more punishments. I will
be fair if rather strict and the punishments will be related to the seriousness
of the offense."

"Will you want to er...er... have sex with me?"

"Again I must be truthful and say yes. We will be living together in a remote
one bed house with only primitive facilities and little privacy."

"You're taking me to the island? What if I become ill? What if I become
pregnant? I've never had a man before. What if....?"

"Louise," I said, "I think the 'what if' you should have thought about is 'what
if I had been nicer to my mother?' Now your time is nearly up. You must make
your decision. Take your punishment from us or from the government." I left the
room.

A few minutes later she came down and muttered, "I don't really have a choice do
I? I have to sign and go with you."




Chapter 3. The Punishment

"May, would you mind loaning me one of your slippers please? Louise, remove your
skirt and knickers please."

"Oh no. Please let me keep my knickers on. They won't make much difference will
they?"

"Louise, you were told it was to be a bare bum hiding and that is what you are
going to get. End of argument! Bare your bum or we will do it for you."
Reluctantly she removed the offending garment and laid herself across my lap.

May's size 6 slipper was an el-cheapo of Indonesian manufacture with fleecy
uppers and man-made 'rubber' soles now somewhat worn and roughened with use.
Ideal for the purpose for which it was now going to be used.

Ernie decided that as a policeman he ought not to witness the actual physical
violence I was going to inflict but said he would come back later to see how it
all went. He left the handcuffs which surprised me. He explained they were not
standard police issue but were left at a crime scene many years ago and never
claimed perhaps for obvious reasons.

I knew this was the make or break point. At the end of the next few minutes I
would either have established my authority or she would have won. Her blouse had
worked down partially covering her arse so I pulled it back and gripped her
firmly around the waist. Holding the slipper by the heel end I laid four hard
swats to her bottom, two to each cheek in rapid succession. For a second or two
there seemed no response but by the time two more had landed Louise was
screaming her head off and trying to push herself off my lap. Her hands flew
back to cover her rear.

"Louise," I said, "One of the things you must learn during your period with me
is CONTROL. Control over tongue, control over your temper, control over your
actions. Now control your body and lie still." She didn't seem to hear amidst
her crying and screaming and continued to flail about.

"Right then, I'm not going to gag you because you might choke but I am going to
restrain you. May, please pass me the cuffs."

Despite her struggles I fastened one cuff around her wrist, passed the other
around the front leg of the chair before clipping it to the other wrist. I then
trapped her legs between mine so she was now bent over my left leg and held with
the right.

Realising now that she could not move to any great extent, Louise's shouting
increased in volume until I made it clear the more she yelled the more she would
get walloped. The slipper now rose and fell in a steady rhythm until her arse
was bright red. I do not know how many strokes I gave her but her poor bum
certainly felt on fire when I ran my hand over it. Her writhing against my
crotch had given me an erection which I did my best to hide from May but I think
she just chose to ignore it.

"Pass me the riding crop please, May."

"You don't think she has had enough Eric?"

"The slippering was to punish her for all the times she has hit you, given you
black eyes and bruises. How many times has that been? I guess the slippering
fell far short of the pain you received from her. The crop is for the marks she
made on your face today and I think six strokes on the arse is still less than
the equivalent to two on the face."

Louise was blubbering like a baby and tried to protest she couldn't take any
more. "Sorry, Louise, you just don't have any choice."

The six welts that appeared across both bum cheeks were deep and angry and
brought forth horrendous screams. For a while she sobbed and shook and I let her
lay as she was across my knee. After a while I gently lowered her to the floor
and lifted the chair leg free of the cuffs but didn't detach them from the
wrists. She lay on the floor sobbing unable to touch her rear with cuffed
wrists.

"Louise, your punishment session is over. As far as I am concerned, the slate is
wiped clean of your past misdeeds against your mother. From now on any
punishment you get will be for wrong doings you commit from now on. Unless you
again do something heinous you should never ever receive thrashing this severe.
I am now going to place you over the arm of the sofa so we have access to your
bottom. It may be some days before the pain subsides and you can sit properly
but we are going to do what we can to ease it a little."

May obtained a towel soaked it in cold water and laid it over Louise's upturned
bum. It brought a little gasp of relief as the cold damp material tried to
quench the fire but the relief was short lived. For half an hour or so I
continued to apply cold towels followed by a cold cream salve. My fingers did
stray to areas not affected by the walloping but I didn't go too far whilst
under the May's watchful eye although I don't think it would have bothered her
too much. Her own face was still much too sore and hers eyes now partially
closed to worry about any indiscretions I might take with her daughter who in
any case at her age should have produced her at least one grandchild.

Meal time was now approaching. May's face was too sore to even think of eating
but I made her another pot of tea and found some biscuits she could dunk if she
felt like it. With help Louise stood and I carefully raised her skirt. I didn't
bother with the knickers, it would only hurt the abraded skin more and they
would be coming off again when she arrived at my house. The cuffs remained in
place although she pleaded for their removal.

Fetching the suitcase from the bedroom I said goodbye to May and after promising
to look in on her again later, guided Louise across the gardens to my home.




Chapter 4. Subservience

Louise stood shaking in the kitchen. Removing all her lower clothing I took them
and her case to what was now our bedroom. Returning with a soft pair of slippers
from the case, she held the counter edge while I knelt to put the slippers on
her feet. The operation put my face level with her mound and I could not resist
the temptation the fold my arms around her arse and kiss her cunt. Only the
merest touch of my arms on the very sore flesh was enough to push her hips
forward on to my lips.

"You pervert," she blurted.

"Control, Louise, control. Outbursts like that will only bring you more pain.
Remember you are indentured to me until July 4th which as it happens is also
American Independence Day. Until then we shall be eating, sleeping, bathing and
fucking together. A kiss on the cunt may well be the least of the perversions!"
I wanted her to know she was completely in my power.

Palming her buttocks with both hands, I gently squeezed. Normally this would not
even have been unpleasant but with the state of her bum flesh it elicited a
loud, "AAAHHH." I kissed her again. No comment this time. Perhaps she was
learning.

"Louise, I am going to remove the cuffs at least for an hour or so to test your
behaviour. I don't think you will run far dressed as you are!" The cuffs had
begun to chafe and I didn't want blisters on her wrists. She had enough on the
arse. Briefly rubbing the chafing, her hands went to her tender bottom and
gently rubbed both cheeks. Tears were still in her eyes but she wasn't sobbing
out loud.

"Part of your duties will be to keep the house clean and do the cooking.
Tonight, I will cook but you will begin to learn where the plates, pans and
cutlery live and help where you can. "I can't cook," she said, "Mum always does
the cooking."

"Now is your chance to learn! You will not be able to keep a man if you cannot
cook."

We had a simple meal, Louise standing and not eating much and I left her to do
the washing up. To protect herself from hot water splashes, she wore a plastic
apron which covered her frontal parts but left her rear exposed. Quite an
appealing site.

Ernie phoned to see how things were and I invited him over. Louise was still at
the sink when he arrived. Blushing as Ernie entered the kitchen, she tried
unsuccessfully to cover her bum cheeks with her wet hands. We did not allow this
and Ernie congratulated me on a job well done. Discussing how to control Louise
over the next two months I pointed out the problem with the cuffs. Ernie gave me
the address of a lingerie shop in Shrewsbury which the local police had
investigated some months ago. "Ask for Janet to show you the range of restraints
she keeps at the back. Don't say I sent you. I'll pop in and see how May is on
my way back."

Louise finished washing up and I showed her where the dishes went. As she bent
and stretched I had good views of her arse and sex which had its effect on my
prick. Pushing her over a counter much to her disgust and despite her screams
and protests, I massaged her slit gently. I tried not to hurt her rear too much
but just had to relieve my frustration at seeing her naked cunt so many times in
the past few hours.

Sobbing again Louise showed no signs of having enjoyed the experience but I
noted she had became quite wet. I bent and kissed her sex lips and sucked her
clitoris. Her arse cheeks were still hot and felt very warm against my face. Now
there was a little more response. She began to squirm but still showed no open
signs of enjoyment. Kissing her cunt once more I helped her up and allowed her
to finish clearing the kitchen. It was the first time for ages the place had
been so tidy.

"I thought you were going to rape me."

"I very nearly fucked, not raped as you are indentured to me, but thought I
would control myself for a little while longer. After all I am telling you to
keep yourself under control," I replied.

With her buttocks now turning a wide variety of colours, I thought it might ease
the pain and stiffness it she had a bath. The bathroom was rather old fashioned
with a cast iron enameled bath and a white toilet and sink unit. For some time I
debated on whether to install a shower but had never got around to it. I kept it
reasonably clean at least by bachelor standards so I didn't have to apologise
for that but I did mention there was no lock or rather there was a lock but no
key. A few years previously a child visitor had locked himself in and took a
while to persuade him to unlock the door. Thereafter I kept the key in a jar in
the kitchen.

Louise looked very apprehensive as I ran the water. So far I had only seen her
naked from the waist down, now she would be showing everything. Fear showed that
she would be expected to sit in the hard bath.

"Get undressed," I commanded. She hesitated then commenced taking off the few
clothes she still had on. For the first time I saw her breasts or at least I
partially saw them. After dropping her bra she quickly folded her arms across
them. Taking hold of both wrists, I pulled them apart. Deliberately being crude,
I remarked, "Nice pair of tits." Cupping them in both hands, I massaged the
pliant flesh until the nipples stood out. "Please don't," she whimpered.

"Get used to the fact, that I will be feeling and using all parts of your body."
Taking a towel from the airing cupboard, I folded it in quarters and submerged
it on the bottom of the bath. "I think it will be least painful if you kneel on
the towel," I said. Louise nodded. She had been strangely quiet since the meal.
Helping her in, and in doing so, copped another feel of her tits, she lowered
herself into the water. She seemed to find it less painful to sit if her heels
were apart with her bum between them. Some of her weight was taken by her arms
pressing on the bath edge. Picking up a sponge, I washed her back and then
started on her front. Demurring at first Louise began to accept it and
acquiesced almost like bathing a baby.

"We'll leave your arse to soak for a while," I said. I then started to undress.
Louise kept turning her head away but I noticed she did keep glancing
surreptitiously at my cock which was by now semi-hard. Sitting in front of her,
I washed myself then stood and helped her to rise. With our wet bodies touching,
my arms around her back, my cock against her belly, I pulled her head to mine
and tried to kiss her. She turned away.

One of my hands went to a bum cheek and as I started to grip it she realised
what was to happen and turned her face to mine. There was no response to my
kiss. Just cold, unmoving lips, I persisted and after a number of attempts she
began to kiss back although hers were always very reserved.

We dried each other, me paying special attention to her sexual parts; she doing
so with reluctance and after verbal persuasion. I stood at the loo and pissed.
"Do you want me to hold you up while you pee so you don't have to sit?" I asked.

"That's disgusting," complained Louise.

"Well you can do it standing if you wish," I said.

"You're not watching while I do it are you?"

"Yes."

"That's disgusting," she repeated.

"Not half as disgusting as you peeing over the floor or in the bed!" I stood her
over the pan and after a short wait, the piss began to flow. I dried her.

Finding her an old dressing gown and donning mine we returned downstairs. "Make
a pot of tea for us, please," I requested. She did so without complaint. Piling
some of the softest cushions at one end of the settee, I suggested it was time
for her to try and sit. Very gingerly her bottom touched the cushions and only
gradually did she allow them to take her full weight and then only with a few
"Ow's" and groans. Never-the-less she was able to sit if not comfortably.

Curling my arm around her shoulders and giving her a small hug and a little
praise we watched TV until bedtime. We used the bathroom together with less
shyness than earlier and then adjourned to the bedroom. She realised she
wouldn't get a nightdress but would have to sleep naked. "Lou," I said, "At the
moment I cannot trust you enough not to try and get away in the night so I am
going to have to cuff you to the bed. I'll give you a few minutes to find your
most comfortable sleeping position and see how best to restrain you."

Sleeping more or less on one side seemed preferable so I fitted one cuff  around
an ankle and the other to a bed rail. It was obvious it wouldn't be long before
her ankle was rubbed sore. Getting an old sock I cut off the foot and used the
remainder doubled over under the metal.

Climbing under the bed clothes beside her, I began to cuddle and fondle her tits
and cunt. Louise lay still although she became very wet between her legs. Her
body though showed a cold indifference, a deliberate passive resistance to my
advances. Fondling her, I tried to engage in conversation but receiving only
monosyllabic replies, I eventually gave up.

3:45. The bright red figures of the radio clock blinked. "What are you trying to
do?" I questioned. Louise had worked her way to the bottom of the bed and I
feared she was trying to release the cuff and escape.

"I was only trying to get the sock back on. The metal is cutting my ankle but it
is difficult to do it under the bedclothes and with you sleeping alongside," she
snapped.

Switching on the light and seeing it was indeed the case. The sock was nearly
clear of the handcuff clasp. "How long have you been awake?"

"Hours. Don't think I have slept at all"

Releasing the cuff I suggested she went down and made a pot of tea. The night
air was cool and I noticed her nipples stood erect. Picking up my dressing gown
she held it up, "May I?" I nodded. It was a good sign. She was starting to
control herself. I noted her arse was still very raw and the crop welts were
turning blue. They looked very angry and sore.

The hot tea wakened my urges again and once the mugs were replaced on the tray
one arm snaked around her back and the hand on the other arms played with her
breasts. Still not much response. I took her hand and placed it on my hard cock
and closed her finger around the shaft. It remained there. Still although I
thought I felt the odd squeeze or two. I felt between her thighs. Wet.

Deciding now would be the time, I said, "Lou, I've controlled myself long
enough. You're wet and physically ready. I'm hard and ready. The time has come
for you to become a real woman."

"You....., you are going to rape me." I wasn't sure if it was a statement or a
question.

"No, I'm going to fuck you. Have you had a man do it to you before?"

"No!"

"Just the dildo then?" Her face looked aghast.

"What do you mean by that?"

"We cleared your room remember. I took the bottom drawer of the tallboy right
out and found your toy and reading material, the Black Lace and Masquerade
books. Obviously you are not as sexually frigid as you would have us believe. If
you really haven't had a real cock inside you before, you are now. Slide down
the bed a bit and open your legs."

"No."

"Very well, we'll do it the hard way." I pulled the bedclothes over her head,
jumped out and grabbed her feet. To prevent her kicking I laid across them
whilst picking up a pair of socks from the floor. With these I tied her feet
well apart to the bedrail. During her struggles the bedclothes landed on the
floor so she lay there, naked and fully exposed.

"Bastard! Rapist!"

"Temper, temper. You know what happens when you use language like that." To add
emphasis to the statement I gripped her arse cheeks again.

"Ooooww! Please don't."

"Lou, are you going to accept what I am going to do or shall I tie your hands to
the bedhead rails? Do you want to be really helpless like some of the stories or
can I leave your hands free?"

"If you tie me then you can't say I agreed to it."

Another pair of socks from the drawer served to fasten Louise's hand to the
headboard rail. I had unhindered access to her body. Although the air was still
a little chilly at this early hour of the morning neither of us felt it. She was
very vulnerable; she was mine. I kissed her fully on the mouth holding her head
when she tried to turn away, and slowly carried the kisses down to her breasts.
Savouring the nipples as I took them deeply into my mouth and feeling them
stiffen under my devotions.

Working down I tickled her belly button with my tongue and on down to her
crotch. I lavered her slit and sucked her clit until she began involuntarily to
moan. Her passive resistance gradually gave way and her hips began to move.
"Please....." she murmured. I didn't know if that meant please do it or please
don't. It didn't matter, I carried on.

My erection by now was throbbing hard. I climbed between her legs and entered my
cock in her vagina. It slid all the way in, her virginity had already gone.
Perhaps she really had never had a man, only her vibrator.

Starting with long slow strokes I gradually increased the tempo until I was
rapidly thrusting in and out of her cunt my balls banging against her arse. Once
again her involuntary movements only in part caused by the pain of my weight
pressing her sore buttocks to the bed, betrayed her real feelings. At that pace
I couldn't last long. Soon I erupted inside her.

Slowly withdrawing, I lay beside her. Releasing her bonds I drew the covers over
us and cuddled her to me. "What if you have made me pregnant?" she asked.

"Unlikely, you have only just finished your period."

"How do you know that?"

"When I removed your knickers to spank you there was a panty liner inside. Now
be quiet and try and sleep for a couple of hours."




Chapter 5. Shopping

The seats of the old Landrover were rather hard and Louise suffered as she
bounced on her tender bottom. Fortunately she suffered in comparative silence.
We visited the family planning clinic in Shrewsbury first and they prescribed
contraceptive pills and then on to the lingerie shop Ernie suggested. Here I was
in for a surprise.

Seeing the shop, Louise did not want to go in. Outside it looked like an
ordinary shop that sold women's underwear. Louise did not know of the other gear
it sold so why the reluctance to enter? I pushed her through the door. The shop
assistant went pale and reached down below the counter and pressed the alarm
button. We heard it ring in the back room.

Still holding Louise by the hand I asked the girl if Janet was available.

"I'm Janet." A middle aged woman appeared. "Miss Redman, I didn't expect to see
you again so soon. I do hope you have come to pay your bill and not cause the
more trouble. Avril was so upset yesterday after your visit that I had to give
her the rest of the day off."

"Janet, I'm sorry I don't know your surname, I'm Eric Laxley and Louise is now
in my charge for the next two months. You were recommended by a friend as being
able to supply certain items of restraint equipment. I didn't know she had been
here before. Perhaps you would like to explain."

"I'm Janet Cousins. Miss Redman comes in fairly regularly and always causes some
sort of problem and generally leaves the shop in disarray. She has run up a bill
of �142 and yesterday when my assistant Avril would not let her have further
credit she was treated to such a torrent of abuse that when I returned to the
shop a few minutes later she was sobbing and shaking and quite unfit to serve
any customers."

"Louise I think the least you can do for starters is to apologise to both Avril
and Mrs. Cousins then we will see what else is required to recompense them."

Louise raised her head and rather defiantly said, "I'm sorry."

"That didn't sound as if you meant it but we will leave that for the moment.
Mrs. Cousins do you have wrist and ankle restraints please. I will be paying for
them straight away and then we will sort out Louise's debt." We adjourned to a
back room where I described what I wanted. She found soft leather cuffs that
laced on but could also be locked with small padlocks. Around each cuff were
four small stainless steel rings and each were fitted with a spring clasp like
those found on dog leads but much smaller. Being a practical man I liked the way
the clasps fitted in small pockets in the leather when not being used so they
didn't dangle and were less obvious.

Janet (which is how I thought of her except when talking), fitted them to Louise
and I found them not too intrusive. During the fitting, Mrs. Cousins described
Louise's behavior in graphic detail. It was a long liturgy, a catalogue of abuse
and disruption. Several times Louise tried to interrupt but I quickly silenced
her. At the end I asked, "Louise, is what Mrs. Cousins has said, completely
true, nearly all true, half true or completely false? And before you answer
remember I will find out one way or another."

"They are there to serve the customers! Its not up to us to make their job too
easy for them," uttered Louise.

"I take it then, that what Mrs. Cousins say is true." Louise nodded slightly.

"Is there anything else you require Sir? Body belt? Collar?"

"Will I need them Mrs. Cousins?"

"You might." Janet brought out further samples. The body belt and collar were
from the same range as the cuffs and similarly well made. We decided to try them
on. The collar fitted nicely. It was only an inch wide and at first sight could
be mistaken for a choker. To fit the body belt, I had to undo the top button of
Louise's trousers and lower the waist a little. Janet caught a glimpse of
Louise's bruised bottom and commented, "I see you have started to take her in
hand." Pulling the trousers down a little further, "What did you use? Strap?
Cane?"

"Slipper and riding crop."

"Slipper is pretty safe and the bruises should go in a few days but you have to
be very careful with the crop otherwise the marks may well be permanent. Not too
bad if used on the fleshy part of the buttocks where in any case the welts are
not generally seen but elsewhere both the crop and the cane can be dangerous. On
less well protected parts of the body, the crop can even damage the bone."

"There was a special reason for using the riding crop, wasn't there Louise?"
Louise looked downcast and pleaded, "Please, don't tell her."

"Its okay, I won't. That is a personal matter. Just make sure you understood
what Mrs. Cousins said about permanent damage." Turning to Janet I enquired as
to what she recommended.

From another box she produced a suede flogger with a plaited leather handle and
five strips of soft leather a little under an inch wide and about fifteen inches
long. "This," she said, "Can be used on the most sensitive parts of the body. It
is very painful and will redden the flesh but the marks fade fairly quickly. In
BDSM circles it is often used on the breasts and between a woman's legs as well
as on the bottom. Do you wish to try it?"

"You wouldn't dare!" Louise exploded. "Don't listen to that bitch! You've done
enough to make me your slave! She only wants to take your money!" The words came
out with her old vehemence and hatred.

Grabbing her by the wrists I asked Janet to help me clip them behind her head to
the neck collar. Despite her struggles the clips held fast. "Bastards!" Her
temper was running high and out of control.

"You need a further lesson in control Louise and I think the staff here need
some recompense for your behaviour. Mrs. Cousins, if I gave you this flogger how
would you use it on her?"

"As you have already tended to her backside, I would give her a dozen between
her legs and a dozen on her breasts. That should give her something to think
about for a while."

"That seems a bit extreme."

"I belong to a BDSM group and have seen women, and men too, take far more
punishment than that. And they do it voluntarily and for sexual pleasure." Mrs.
Cousins explained she got into the supply of these items through her interest in
the group.

I thought for a minute. "If she isn't busy, could you ask Avril to join us. She
has been hurt too."

Louise started screaming and hurling abuse. Janet took another box from the
shelf an produced a ball gag with a bright red ball. Without asking permission
she inserted it into Louise's mouth silencing her very effectively. "Control,
Louise, learn to control yourself," I chided. "This wouldn't be happening if it
wasn't for you latest outburst."

Avril came through to the back room and stopped in her tracks with her mouth
open. The situation was quickly explained to her. She seemed delighted that
Louise was helpless in front of her.

"Mrs. Cousins you suggested a dozen strokes with the flogger on her breasts and
between her legs. She may very well deserve that but feel inclined to reduce the
punishment to six on her breasts and give Avril the choice as to where to place
the another six but not between the legs. I want that area available for my use
and not on her backside as that has been punished enough." A hint of a smile
appeared on the faces of the two staff.

We sat Louise on a hard chair and lifted her Tee shirt over her head. The cuffs
and collar prevented it coming all the way off but her tits were bare. I had not
allowed the wearing of any underwear that morning.

Janet flicked and cracked the flogger in the air and almost immediately laid it
across both breasts with a resounding slap. Louise almost jerked out of the
chair. Had my hands not been on her shoulders she certainly would have ended on
the floor. A fan of five stripes radiated across the top of both tits. Another
crack, and the underside of her breasts were caught and marked by the lash.
Almost without pause the flogger made its marks over the nipples. Mrs. Cousins
was obviously an expert.

She changed sides. The lash repeated it performance. Louise's tits were covered
with very red stripes and she was sobbing uncontrollably.

"She could easily take another half a dozen," Janet suggested.

"No," I said firmly, "Six is enough. I do not want them spoilt."

We gave Louise a little time to recover. Louise winced when I carefully lowered
her Tee shirt over the tender flesh.

Avril had stood watching all the time with her eyes wide open and slightly
moist. She must have known what the stock in this back room was but had never
seen it in use. "Now Avril, its your pay-back time. Where would you like to
place your six strokes? Across her back or across the front of her legs?"

"I don't ... er... know," she stuttered.

"Tops of her thighs and lower belly," suggested Janet. Avril agreed.

We stood Louise with her back against the end of a rack of shelving, lowered her
trousers and again raised her Tee shirt. Gagged and with her hands cuffed behind
her neck, Louise could do little to protest. Mrs. Cousins tried to give Avril a
quick run down on the proper use of the flogger but the girl wasn't really
interested. She just wanted to lay it on hard and teach the woman who had caused
her so much grief, a significant lesson.

Gripping the flogger by the handle, Avril just swung it back and brought it down
as hard as she was able on the flesh visible at the top of the thighs. Louise
almost doubled over but we held her up. Avril swung the lash again catching
Louise a little lower on the thighs. The third strokes crossed the first. Had it
not been for the gag, Louise's screams would have filled the shop. Two more
lashes increased the tortured area above and below. The last one fell over ones
applied to the upper thighs. A wide expanse of her navel and lower frontal flesh
were covered with angry red stripes. However, there were no raised welts like
there would have been from a crop. For a novice, Avril had done a pretty good
job.

Returning Louise to a chair, I adjusted her clothing and released the cuffs from
her collar but waited until she calmed down a little before removing the gag.
She was still sobbing and gently toughing the sore flesh. "Its all over, Louise.
We'll rest a little while and then continue with our shopping. No more BDSM
stuff though, just general outdoor clothing." I turned to the shopkeeper, "Mrs.
Cousins, could we use your toilet and then perhaps while you make out my bill we
could have a cup of tea? Add what Louise owes to the bill please."

"Of course, Sir. Toilet is through there and we will have tea in my office
across the hallway. Its been a pleasure to do business with you."

I helped Louise clean her face. Her eyes were still red but today's lack of
make-up helped in that there was no mascara to run. Mrs. Cousins provided tea
and biscuits in her office and as we left Louise begged, "Please, please, No
more beatings. I think prison would have been a better option."

"Don't you believe it young lady," Mrs. Cousins piped in, "An arrogant girl like
you would not have come out unscathed." She continued. "One of the women in our
local group was sent to prison for six months. On her very first night she was
told to have lesbian sex with a hardened criminal. She told them in no uncertain
terms what they could do. Next morning they found her in the laundry room with a
battered face, broken ribs and multiple bruises. She spent the first month of
her term in the prison hospital. When she returned to the cells, she was again
told to perform lesbian sex and when she reluctantly agreed they made her do the
most debased things imaginable or perhaps not imaginable. Your punishments are
only skin deep and will disappear in a few days without hospital treatment and
except possibly the crop marks on your rear, the will be no permanent reminders
of it. My friend not only bears physical scars, the mental scars are there too.
She has become a lesbian and submits herself to chastisements from her dyke
mistress. Think yourself very lucky you have someone to look after you and to
help you change your ways. I don't know what you could have gone to prison for,
but I can assure you what you have received is quite minor by comparison."

I think Louise at least half realised what she was told true but the pain in her
body still rejected much of it. It would take more time for the truth to sink
in.

"Where are we going now?" Louise enquired as she walked stiffly through the
town. I guessed why she was asking. "You are unlikely to be known in any of the
shops we are visiting."

At a health shop we bought a couple of bottles of arnica which I knew was good
for bruises and then on to Camping and Outdoor Life. "Hi, Eric," Tom greeted me
in the shop, "What can we do for you today?"

"Morn'n Tom. This is Louise my new sound assistant. She's a townie and I want
her kitted out to spend a couple of months on the island." Tom seemed surprised
I was taking a woman with me but said nothing. A couple of hours went by while
Louise tried on wax coats, camouflage trousers, woolly hats, sweaters a pair of
walking boots and a pair of Wellington's. Finding a sailor's hat that fitted her
I bought that too just because it seemed to look good on her. The whole outfit
cost a bomb but it would last a while and I secretly hoped she would stay on
after her indenture period.

Time for a late lunch. Our next and last stop was to a chandlers on the
outskirts of Shrewsbury. We returned to the Landrover and drove there. I
suggested a meal at a nearby working men's cafe where she wouldn't be known
arguing that if we had our main meal now, we wouldn't have to cook when we
returned home. Being almost the only woman in the cafe caused some attention and
comments especially when she gingerly sat on the hard chair but she ignored them
and we ate almost in silence.

At the chandlers I needed to change my order for supplies. Again I introduced
Louise as my sound assistant and again got the look that said, "Alright if
that's what you call it but we know what she is really there for." We almost
doubled up on the food and added extra gas and fuel oil. All to be delivered in
two days time to the quay at Llannryn where Rory McDonald kept his boat. Rory
was a renegade Scotsman who had lived in Wales for a good number of years. Our
family had used his boat service to get to and from Bornholm for as far back as
I could remember. We were friends as well and often went fishing together.

By the time we arrived home I was pretty sick of being in the town. I much
preferred the open countryside but towns did have a necessary purpose. After
unloading, I took Louise to see her mother. May's face looked awful even when
partially hidden behind a head scarf. Her features were somewhat distorted a
both cheeks were extremely sore to touch. I gave May the arnica and removed her
scarf to apply it. Louise burst into tears at the sight possibly remembering
Janet's words about damaging the bone with a crop. "I'm sorry, Mum. Really I
am." Perhaps she also realised her punishment would not be anywhere near as long
lasting.

"Being sorry doesn't ease the pain," replied her mother, "But still it is nice
to hear you say it."

May bustled around making a pot of tea and we sat talking about what we had done
in Shrewsbury. We didn't mention the whipping at Janet's but showed her the
cuffs and collar. I asked if she needed anything from the village and was told
Ernie had been in a got what she needed. Ernie was good to her and would keep an
eye out while we were away.

Once in our own home, I stripped Louise and examined her whip marks. They were
still very red and I guess chafing from her pants and Tee shirt had kept them a
little raw. Filling the bath we bathed together and I fondled her sex parts but
still received little in the way of a response. Perhaps her flesh was just too
sore. Afterwards I applied arnica to her bruises. For the time being I allowed
her to wear my bathrobe. It was loose and light and would not chafe her breasts
and belly.

Bedtime and I wondered if I should replace the cuffs on Louise or to leave her
free in the bed. For tonight I decided on the cuffs at least for a while. The
four cuffs allowed me to spread her in the bed giving me easy access to her
body. "Are you going to rape me again?" she enquired.

"If that's what you want to call it." For a while I just lay with my arms behind
her head and around her shoulders and spent a half hour just talking about what
life would be like on the island. Its much more primitive I had told her. No
running next door or going down to the shops. You have to make do with what you
have and your own resourcefulness. Eventually though my erection got the better
of me and I climbed between her legs and trying to keep my weight of her sore
flesh, I sated myself. Perhaps just a little reaction from her this time. There
was more afterwards when I spent a time rubbing the sperm oozing from her cunt
into the surrounding hair and over her clit whilst at the same time kissing
fully on the mouth. Her hips moved and I heard murmuring from her lips. She was
still trying to suppress her enjoyment.

After a while I drifted off to sleep. Louise it seems did too but as on the
previous night she awoke in the early hours this time with cramped muscles.

"Eric, are you awake?"

"I am now. What is the problem?"

She explained about the cramps and I released the cuffs. I massaged the affected
muscles and she had a walk around the room which seemed to cure the problem. I
was pleased to noticed the whipping marks from the flogger were fading and even
those from the slipper didn't look so fierce. "Would you like to make us a pot
of tea?" That was one that we have in common. A love of tea.

Laying back and resting with the light still on after finishing the tea I again
pulled her close and gently played with her tits. They were tender but not so
painfully sore. Taking her nipples in my mouth I sucked them hard and then
allowed my lips to trail down her body into the crotch area. Her clit hardened
from my attentions. My cock stirred.

Swinging my legs over her head so my cock was pointing to her face I commanded,
"Suck it." She shook her head. "Look young lady, I can see that my sucking you
is giving you pleasure despite what you might say. Your body is giving you away.
So far with me you have found that pain given means pain received. Now its time
for he reverse side of the coin. I give you pleasure, you return the favour."

"I've never done it before."

"No, but you've read about it often enough. Haven't you?"

"But its been in my ......."

"Its been where I am cleaning at the moment. Now get to it. Open your mouth and
start sucking." She did. Hesitantly at first and then with more abandon. I knew
I wouldn't hold back for long and told her so. Surprisingly her mouth continued
its motions around my prick and when I did spurt forth she kept her mouth there.
Her climax from my ministrations had come a little before so we were both sated.

Returning to my position alongside I kissed her again and whispered, "Thank you
darling, that was really nice. Was it nice for you?" She just nodded and kissed
me. Perhaps I was getting through to her but it was early days yet.




Chapter 6. The Island

The next two days were hectic. Packing gear, getting last minute supplies (like
sanitary towels which I hadn't needed before), checking filming equipment and
giving Louise some basic instruction on use the sound recording equipment. I
kept Louise busy. In general she worked with an aloof acceptance if not with
enthusiasm. It was if she was an employee doing a job she was paid to do.

On the second full day I sent her into the kitchen to make an omelet for lunch.
How she managed to make it I don't know but the result was a sticky awful mess.
Totally uneatable. "What a disaster. We can't eat that" I said. I could see
tears and fear in her eyes. "Now come here." I made my voice sound stern.

"Please, please .... it just wouldn't go right."

I bent her over my lap and pulled her trousers down to bare the top of her arse.

"Please, no. I couldn't help it."

My hand descended and gave her flesh two very gentle pats before pulling her
trousers up again and giving her a cuddle.

May popped in at that moment. "I'm not interrupting anything am I? She tried to
laugh when she saw the apology for an omelet. "It still hurts when I laugh," she
said.

"Bin it," I told Louise. "Would you like to stay for lunch?" I asked May, "Take
pot luck, Louise is going to try and make us another omelet."

I'll make you one offered May but I insisted Louise learn to do it. Between us
we instructed her and ended with a successful meal. "I think that is the first
time ever, you have made me a meal," commented May.

"If I have my way it won't be the last but she will need more practice at
cooking before that happens."

During those two days I made Louise wear her 'island' clothes and her new
walking boots. Although soft leather, they still needed breaking in. A good
soaking in the rain would help but here the weather remained fine. Louise of
course thought the clothes 'disgusting', 'prison wear' but never-the-less wore
them. She didn't have much choice seeing we had disposed of most of her other
stuff.

Finally we were on the road to Wales. The day was bright and we reached the quay
at Llannryn and met Rory who was already loading his fishing boat with what
seemed a mountain of boxes, cylinders and packages. Again I introduced Louise as
my sound assistant.

"Aye, Ay'll believe yer," her answered, "Morn'n Louise."

With Louise unloading the Landrover, myself passing the packages to Rory on the
boat, the loading went quickly. "We need to get away as soon as we can. The wind
is getting up later and we may have trouble unloading if it gets too bad," Rory
explained.

Leaving Louise with Rory on the boat, I drove the Landrover to Rory's house and
parked it behind his garage out of the way, said a quick "Hello" to Nancy his
wife and hurried back. The wind had already started to rise however the hour
long trip to the island went without problems and we were able to tie up against
the small jetty and unload the stores. With the aid of a sack barrow from the
boathouse we ferried the heavier items to the house. Rory helped for a time but
as the wind increased he decided he'd best get back.

Before the last items were safely up the path and into the house, rain began to
fall, lightly at first and then very heavily indeed. By the time we finished
both of us were thoroughly wet and Louise's boots had their much needed soaking.
She was miserable and tired and understandably a little grumpy. The work had
been hard, far harder than anything she had done previously.

Despite it still being only late afternoon the overcast sky and the small
windows made it quite dark inside the house. I suggested she move some of the
boxes that littered the floor to one side so we had room to move about. She
flipped the light switch and nothing happened, "There's no electricity .......,"
I started to say. Just why the remark caused the reaction it did, I would never
know. Louse picked up a tin of vegetables that were on the table and flew at me
in temper. Before I realised what was happening a right hook with the tin caught
me on the chin and shoulder and was immediately followed by her left fist
beating at my face. "Bastard, bastard, bastard," she yelled. "You bring me to
this Alcatraz of an island, you force me to work in the cold and wet ....!"

Slipping quickly out of her way, I managed to get behind her, grab her wrists
and fasten the cuffs together. "Control yourself Lou." She still struggled and
tried to kick with her feet. I dragged to the centre post of the room, a post
that had been left for structural reasons when two rooms were made into one.
Taking her ankles I fastened the ankle cuffs so the post was between her legs. I
felt a trickle of blood running down my neck. It didn't seem too serious.

"Lou, I know you are tired, I know you are cold, I know you are wet. I am too
but that is no reason to lose control of yourself. You should know by now what
to expect from that outburst and they way you will be warmed up. I am going to
leave you there while I complete the rest of the necessary chores. It would have
been much quicker if there were two of us doing them but it just means you will
be cold and wet a little longer."

"I hate you for bringing me to this godforsaken place!"

"Once I am able to get the fire lit, the generator going and the gas cylinder
hooked up, you will find it quite cozy. Now just sit still and let me do what I
have to do to get the place warm and habitable."

The fire in the old black range was ready laid, and quickly started to burn when
a match was put to it. It was something my father instilled in me. Before you
leave, clean the grate, lay the fire and get in a stock of fuel ready for next
time. This was one time I was very grateful I heeded his advice. The cast iron
of the stove soon heated and its warmth began to be felt throughout the room.

Meanwhile I filled and started the generator kept in a lean-to outside and
turned on the Calor gas cylinder and lit the pilot lights to the fridge,
freezer, and water heaters over the sink and bath. The generator wouldn't be
kept running all the time, hence the gas operated fridge and freezer. Once the
generator was going I switched on the water pump to fill the header tank in the
roof. All this took half an hour or so during which time Louise sat
uncomfortably on the floor.

"Are you calmed down a bit now Lou?" She muttered something. "Are you?" She
nodded affirmatively. "Can I release you without a torrent of fisty-cuffs?"

"Yes," she murmured, her hung, "I'm sorry. I just couldn't help it. I just saw
red. Please don't beat me again."

"Lou, I will take into consideration the circumstances but you are not getting
away scot-free. If I don't punish you this time you will expect the same the
next." I released her ankles from the post. She said she needed to pee and
started towards the bathroom, her hands still fastened behind her back. Finding
no toilet there she cried out, "Don't they have loos in Alcatraz?"

Leading her down a wooden passage way beside the generator room I showed her the
three hole privy. "I thought these went out with the ark," she exclaimed, "I
would have thought there was enough water here for flush toilets." Lowering her
trousers I seated her on the centre hole and myself beside her. She had become
somewhat accustomed to performing with me in the same room but never before had
we peed together at the same time. There was something erotic about the sound of
two streams of piss splattering and mingling their way down the long drop to the
privy base.

Returning to the main room I released Louise's wrists and told her to get all
her wet clothes off. I did the same. The room was warming nicely. Removing my
sweater I found both the shirt and vest red with blood and it had begun to dry
in my beard. It looked as if an artery had been cut but it was mostly the way
the blood had run into the rain soaked clothing. A bruise was beginning to show
on the left shoulder where the tin had hit. The bleeding had more or less
stopped but it gave Louise a shock when she saw the results of her blow and she
was now very apprehensive as to her likely punishment.

After drying ourselves off I gave Louise her new thick dressing gown and
slippers and donned mine. The kettle on the stove was now merrily boiling so we
made tea. Louise's hands were shaking and she was sobbing almost uncontrollably
as she sipped the tea from her mug.

"We may as well get it over with before we start cooking."

"Please. Can't we postpone it? Wait until tomorrow." She thought I would be more
inclined for tolerance if I slept on it.

"If we do that, Lou, you will just be worrying about what I was going to do all
night long. We will get it over with now." Removing her robe I took her to the
table. She struggled a bit but after being warned it would only lead to extra
punishment submitted without much resistance.

Using the wrist cuffs and some oddments of rope I bent her over the end of the
table and tied her arms to two of the legs. Finding the flogger I proceeded to
apply it vigorously to her backside. I noted the crop marks were still very
visible and the whole area was not fully healed. Never-the-less I decided it was
better to be cruel in order to be kind and laid the flogger on quite hard. Soon
the area was again very pink. She yelled and screamed but there was no one
within many miles to hear her.

Watching her arse bucking as each blow fell produced stirrings in my cock.
Running my hands over the warn flesh I massaged between her legs until she
started to respond then plunged my cock deeply in to her. I almost lost control
and rammed it in fast and hard until I spurted right up into her. Louise
quietened a little during the fuck although it must have been painful as my
pubic hair rammed against her tender backside. Slowly I withdrew, I kissed the
sore bum flesh and sucked her clit until she had an orgasm after all I wanted
her to get a little pleasure from the experience, not just all pain.

Releasing her still sobbing from the table she started to say, "You bloody
bas...." but a quick slap to her backside even though it was light caused her to
stop in mid sentence. "Sorry, but that really was rape that time."

"Just remember why you were punished. It is to try and make you think twice or
even thrice before you fly into a temper and cause others pain. I didn't use the
flogger anywhere near as hard as I might have because I know the circumstances
were rather extreme but that was no excuse for the attack."

I took her to the bathroom and started to run the water. At first it came
through very brown from having settled in the pipe work. Louise seemed
disgusted. She thought we were going to bath in water from the privy! I flushed
the first lot of water away and the main flow came through a pale ale colour and
I explained the water here was always that colour because it was filtered by the
peat bogs on the hillside. There was nothing wrong with it, in fact it was very
soft and would need little soap or shampoo to get a good lather. Turning the
geyser on the bath slowly filled with a mixture of hot and cold water.

"Lou, I have punished you for you outburst earlier. Like before the slate is
rubbed clean. If I remove all your cuffs and collars, will you at least try and
co-operate and keep you temper under control? We have to live together for the
next six weeks at least so shall we try and live peaceably? I know you are not
here because you want to be. I know the life style is totally different to
anything you have known before. I know there will be times like today when you
will have to work very hard and be tired, wet and unhappy but there will, I
promise you, be times when life will be more relaxed and enjoyable. What do you
say? Peace and co-operation or war and punishment?"

"I don't think my bottom can stand anymore punishment," she snivelled, "So I
will try and do what you say and I will try to control my temper." This seemed a
good start so I removed all her restraints and helped her into the bath. She
knelt and I climbed in with her. Again something she was becoming accustomed to
so no objections were made. Soaping my beard caused the cut to open again and
Louise suggested putting plaster on it but I was reluctant because getting it
off the hair later.

"Look Eric," she said whilst trying to stop the blood flow with a dry sponge, "I
am sorry I did this, not just because of the thrashing you gave me but because I
did it without being able to help myself. I know you say to control myself but
at times something just snaps and I let go without thinking."

"I know that, Lou. I am hoping that a sore arse afterwards will remind you to
control yourself the next time."

*********

After a meal of soup and a couple of mackerel Rory had left with us, we felt a
little better and started to clear the place a little. I lit the Tilley lamp
which gave far more light than the small electric bulbs we could run from the
generator. The light and heat from the paraffin lamp made the place seem that
much more cozy. Lou was surprised when I took four house bricks from under the
stove and put them in the oven. "You don't feed us brick for breakfast here, do
you?"

"No, but we will use them later. You'll see."

Midway through the evening we decided enough was enough. Anything that wasn't
put away could wait until tomorrow. We sat round the stove, made fire toast and
talked till bedtime. Louise had to add more cushions to her chair but otherwise
didn't seem too uncomfortable and she was certainly in a better mood than
earlier.

Around 9 o'clock I took the now hot bricks from the oven, wrapped them each in
an old blanket and put them in the bed. An old fashioned but effective water
bottle. Louise of course had never heard of such a thing. "Not only do I have to
sleep with you, I have to sleep with bricks in the bed!" But I saw the hint of a
smile on her face.

The bricks aired and warmed the bed so that when we retired and the bricks were
removed, it was nice and warm. Despite our day's exertions were didn't fall
asleep immediately but lay there watching the flickering of the flame light on
the ceiling where the rays came through the open door. We cuddled, fucked and
cuddled some more before finally drifting off to sleep.




Chapter 7. Escape

For four weeks life on the island was almost routine, as far as living alone on
an island can be. On fine days we walked over the hills and did a little filming
of birds on their nests. When it was calm, we took the inflatable rubber dinghy
around the coast to visit sites or film the seals. On the pre-visits to sites we
used the petrol outboard engine to power the boat. The petrol engine is faster
and has a longer range than the quiet electric motor we used when creeping up to
the seal colony for filming. Louise learned to control the boat as part of her
'sound assistant' duties and became quite competent. On one particularly nice
calm day we went all the way round the island, spent some time fishing and had a
picnic lunch. When off the southern tip of the island she found it quite awe
inspiring to know there was only water between our little rubber boat and the
Americas.

Wet days were spent doing chores around the house, mending gear and doing some
improvements to the living conditions. On occasion I went out alone and left
Louise in the house cooking or cleaning. Our sex life became varied both in
times and techniques. Wet days when we were in the house we fucked at anytime.
On filming or walking days when we arrived home tired we waited until bedtime or
the next morning. At first she just permitted me to fuck her, laying there and
accepting what happened but showing no enthusiasm. Later she began to respond
positively although she never initiated anything.

One thing that spiced our technique. Unbeknown to Louise I had brought along her
library of Black Lace books and about a week after our arrival I brought them
out and made her read the first one out loud while we lay in bed. This off
course had the effect of making us hornier and we tried some of the positions
the heroines had been forced to. Sub-consciously I think Louise wanted to be
made to do these things. Things she wouldn't do of her own violation.

One evening it took a new turn. Louise was a bit upset with something that
wasn't going right. She was only trying to mend a tear but the material just
tore more. In the end she threw it across the room. Realising what she had done
she turned to me with open mouth. "Ooops. Sorry. That wasn't serious enough for
punishment was it?"

"Oh, yes," I smiled, "Not very serious but definitely deserves a spanking."

"No, please, no."

I cleared the table and told her to lean over it. Again she pleaded to be
excused this time. "Get over the table or it will be the flogger and not my
hand, Lou." Reluctantly she moved to comply with my instructions. She hadn't
worn any of the restraints since the first day so I just fastened her wrists to
the table legs with lengths of cloth. I didn't tie them tightly so she could
have freed herself if she wished. They were only token restraints. Baring her
arse, I began to spank her first with rapid strokes then as the blush on her
flesh increased slowed the pace and would have concentrated more on her sex
organs had it not been for her period and it was rather messy around that area.
Even so the spanking seemed to have provoked some response within her and
certainly it had provoked me. We had read about anal sex in her books. Usually
the heroine was forced to submit to a prick 12 inches long and 3 thick. Mine was
more normal being only 7 inches and only 1-1/4 thick. Having her bend over the
table with her arsehole in full view, I decided now was the time to find out
what anal sex was like. Taking a jar of Vaseline from the medicine cabinet, I
greased her hole and my cock.

As soon as she had an inkling of my intentions Louise started to struggle
vigorously. I whacked her arse again. "Stay still. It is time we at least tried
this. Relax, it is not supposed to hurt as much that way. I'll take it easy and
see how it goes. Gay's do it all the time so it can't be that bad."

Slowly I pushed my cock at her entrance. Gradually she relaxed and I was able to
enter. Once past the opening, I was able to push all the way in and began slowly
to fuck her and at the same time massaged her clit to stimulate her too. I found
it an enjoyable experience but Lou said that while it wasn't too painful she
didn't really enjoy it. Given time I thought that perhaps she would.

We had been on the island about four weeks when it happened. The weather was dry
if overcast, with a little breeze. We'd had a long, tiring trip out in the
inflatable the previous day so when I decided to take a walk to the top of the
cliffs to see how a couple of nests were faring, Louise pleaded to be left
behind to do a few chores around the house. I was a little surprised at the
request but we had begun to trust each other so I agreed.

Reaching a sheltered spot near the cliff top I settled down with my binoculars
to watch the nests and also the diving gannets. Rory's boat was a few miles away
and I could see him paying out his long fishing lines. It would take nearly an
hour to get the several miles of baited line into the water. I had been there
only about 45 minutes when I heard the faint sounds of an outboard motor.
Puzzled I scanned the sea with the binoculars and picked up the unmistakable
sight of my inflatable with Louise aboard wearing her red life jacket. She was
trying to escape.

I began to panic. I doubted if she had filled the petrol tank after our long
trip yesterday so there would only be enough fuel for part way to the mainland
and secondly I knew she would have difficulty in controlling the boat once it
was clear of the island and out if its lea. Fortunately I had the mobile phone
with me. Did Rory have his? Dialing his number the phone rang and I noticed him
look towards the cabin but carried on paying out line. I guessed he wouldn't
answer it until all the line was out.

Concentrating on watching Louise she was making good progress shorewards. The
water was choppier and the inflatable was bouncing more but she seemed in
control. In a way I was pleased with the way she had learned to handle the boat.
But did she remember to fill the petrol tank? The boat had now gone further than
I expected. Perhaps she had but somehow I doubted it. Five minutes later I knew
she hadn't.

I saw her trying unsuccessfully to re-start the engine. The boat was now at the
mercy of the wind and waves and was being thrown about like a balloon. I dialed
and re-dialed Rory's number. Still it went unanswered. Louise was now in rough
water and being blown to the open water of the Bristol Channel. At last Rory
answered the phone. I explained the situation. "I'm on my way lad. Aye guess you
haven't been treating her right if she wants to escape this badly!"

The two boats were several miles apart but at least from my vantage point I
could see both and direct Rory. It was half an hour later I saw him alongside
the inflatable. I was surprised he didn't take Louise on board the boat but just
took the inflatable in tow. It would be a very rough trip for Louise. The small
dinghy bounced alarmingly. Louise struggled to hold on to the safety straps and
I could see she was being sick.

Making my way back to the jetty, I awaited their arrival. The wind had increased
so instead of tying up Rory threw me the painter from the inflatable and then
backed away. "We're quits now," he yelled. I gave him the thumbs up sign.

Waiting until the dinghy was on the crest of a wave, I pulled it on the beach
and helped Lou out. She was shivering and could not stand. Her legs were like
jelly. Tying the boat to the pier, I lifted Louise over my shoulder and carried
her to the house. She was now shivering uncontrollably and couldn't talk
coherently. Hypothermia. I must get her warm I thought. In the house I stoked
the fire, put the bricks in the oven and took off her soaked clothing. This took
considerable effort as she couldn't do anything for herself and was shivering
violently. After giving her a hard rub with dry towels, I managed to get her
into the bed. I had to get her warm. Two of the bricks were warm enough to heat
the bed a little. Her condition had me very worried. Should I call 999 and get
the emergency helicopter? At that moment Louise's eyes opened and she whispered.
"Sorry," before drifting off again. I decided to wait a few minutes.

Stripping off myself, I climbed on top of her hoping to use some of my body heat
to revive her. Cuddling her I kept talking in her ear in case she could hear.
Gradually the shaking eased and her eyes opened. She tried to speak but I put a
finger across her lips and then kissed her. "Lie still for a while, Lou and let
yourself warm up."

For a while she did just that. After another half hour or so I needed to tend
the fire and at the same time exchanged the bricks for warmer ones. She seemed
nearer to normal when I got back in bed and again lay naked on top of her. The
warmth now from our bodies had the inevitable effect of giving me a hard-on but
I made no attempt to have sex with her. I kissed her and as I withdrew she put a
hand round my neck and pulled my lips back to hers. She then slid her hand down
to my cock and inserted it in her vagina. That was a real surprise. This was the
first time ever that she had taken the initiative. Was she actually attracted to
me or was this a move to mitigate her punishment? After a gentle fuck we lay
side by side arms wrapped around each other.

"Why Lou? You had me really worried - I thought you were a goner. Why? Why? Why?
I thought you had begun to enjoy life here. I thought we had at least become
used to each other and had begun to live together without too many problems."

"I'm sorry Eric. Very sorry. I wasn't trying to escape from Alcatraz as you
probably think. I was coming back. I know I didn't work it all out and caused
you a lot of agro and heartache as well as causing myself a lot of pain and
unpleasantness. I'm so sorry, I expect you will want to whip me again."

"Lou, I don't WANT to whip you but you did cause a great deal of trouble not
only to me but to Rory as well. He had to leave his fishing just to find you and
bring you back. I nearly called out the search and rescue helicopter but luckily
I had stopped on the cliff top instead of going right across the island and the
visibility was good so I could see you and direct Rory to your position. Had
that not been the case you could have been blown right out to sea and gone
forever. I didn't want to lose you. I've become very attached to having you here
not as an indentured servant but as a friend and companion. In fact Lou, I love
you."

Lou began sobbing again. "I did it for you," she cried, "I did it for you. I
planned it but it seems not well enough. I deliberately didn't go with you this
morning as I thought you would be out all day and I could slip to Llannryn and
return before you came back."

"Why, Lou? Why?"

"Oh well, I guess I'll be whipped anyway so you might as well know the whole
story. I found out it was your birthday in three days time so I thought I would
get you a present. You have never given me any money of my own but I knew there
was some in your old jacket pocket so I borrowed it. I intended to pay it back
later and I will. Today the sea seemed fairly calm and I thought I could handle
the boat well enough for the distance between here and Llannryn. I just assumed
there was enough petrol in the tank to get me there and back. I don't know what
I was going to buy but I wanted it to be a surprise. So there you have it. I
stole money, I stole the boat, I caused you a lot of pain, I caused Rory a great
inconvenience. I was punished for it by the journey back so please take that in
consideration when deciding how much to whip me."

"Lou, I am not going to whip you. Before your punishments have always been
because you lost control of yourself. This time you made a conscious decision to
do something. Something you thought was a good idea, something you thought would
please me. It went badly wrong because you thought you knew more than you did.
It was your lack of knowledge. In a way I cannot blame you for that. You were
punished by the sea but I will punish you too tomorrow. You will have to clean
the inside of the inflatable of all the mess you made in it! I wonder why Rory
didn't get you into his boat?"

As if to answer my question the mobile phone rang. It was Rory. "How's the lass
then?" he enquired, "Was she trying to escape your clutches?"

"No, Rory, she's seems to be recovering but she was so cold when she came in I
couldn't stop her shivering. Shivering has stopped now and she is awake again.
And, no, she wasn't trying to get away, she was heading for Llannryn to get me a
birthday present. Can you believe that?" She didn't check the fuel before she
left. Why didn't you take her onboard your boat?

"Och aye, I tried well enough but she was too afeared to let go of the safety
straps. Mind you there was a wee swell on oot there."

Louise tapped my arm and indicated she wanted a word. She thanked Rory which I
thought was something she would not have done a few weeks ago and then went on
to apologize to him for the trouble she has caused. I was amazed. I hadn't asked
her to do it.

Rory said, "It's okay lass, now him and me are quits. You ask him later. When's
his birthday then?"

"Two days time, Thursday."

"Can he hear what I am saying?"

"No."

"I'll see if Nancy will bake a cake and if the weather's not too bad we'll bring
it over as a surprise. See yer then. Bye."

"What did he say?" I enquired.

"He said to say, that you're now quits. What's that all about?"

"Oh, I saved his life a while back when his foot got caught in the long line and
he was pulled overboard. Now he saved yours in return. We are now quits.

"I have to pee," Louise murmured.

Louise slid her legs to the floor and then found she was still too shaky to
stand. I helped her to the loo and sat beside her. One again our piss mingled on
its way to the heap below. Louise spoke. "Eric, while I was in the boat and
again as I lay here shivering in the bed, I thought I was going to die and my
mind wandered through my life, my past life of trying to dominate and control
everyone to my wishes. Of being unpleasant and rude. I thought I was on top but
in reality I was lonely and unhappy. No one liked me. No one did things for me
because they wanted to. When you first took charge of me I hated it. Apart from
being a very painful experience, I had lost control of my life. When we came
here, I did think of it as a prison but in the past few weeks I have learned
there is a freedom here. I don't have to keep up appearances, don't have to put
on a show, don't have to spend hours deciding what clothes to wear. I have had
to work to live and make life more comfortable. If I didn't get fuel in, there
would be no fire, if I didn't prepare food we wouldn't eat. I know you help with
those things too so its been a partnership. Even though I am an indentured
servant, for the last week or two it hasn't felt like it. You allowed me to go
off on my own, to choose what we would eat and all sorts of little things like
that. You were right just now when you said we were living together more
harmoniously. I was happier than I have been all my life. That is why I wanted
to get you a gift, even if it was just a token one. Eric, can I ask you a
favour?"

"Go ahead, Lou."

"Will you extend my indenture period indefinitely?"

"Lou, that sounds like a marriage contract. Are you proposing to me? Here while
we piss together?"

"Yes, I suppose I am."

"Lou, provisionally I will say yes. I do love you but I don't want it to be that
you were forced to make this proposal because of the circumstances. It is one
thing to live together on an island like this, quite another in the 'real world'
where we have to interact with other people. People who will know you for what
you were. I know it is an odd way round by what most people would consider
normal but then our relationship hasn't fallen into that category all along,
what I suggest is that I provisionally say yes now and you ask me again two
months after your indenture period ends to confirm it. I know I have made you to
do a lot of things but this is for life and I don't want you even to feel forced
into it."

Tears welled in Louise's eyes again. "You don't really want me do you? You think
I will go back to being my old self."

"Lou, I would like nothing better than to marry you and I think we could make a
go of it. It is just I want you to have a real choice not one made because of
circumstances. And you know that if you were with me and you started to return
to your old bad tempered ways, how you would be treated. Contract or no, your
arse would be sore."

She kissed me. "Okay, I will ask again on September 4th."

"I guess that must be one of the strangest situations for a marriage proposal,"
I said, "The pair of us sitting here pissing naked in a smelly bog. Can't be
many couples like us. Come, let me help you back to bed while I cook some food."

Soon after 6 o'clock the phone rang again. It was May. She usually phoned at
weekends when the rates were cheaper and while she always enquired about Louise
she never spoke directly to her. "How is she?" she said.

"Oh you know Louise, she's lying in bed expecting me to wait on her." Louise
picked up a pillow and made as if to throw it at me. "Actually you don't know
Louise she's ....."

"Rory phoned," May cut in.

"Oh, right. She is in bed as I said and although she seems very tired, she's
okay. Look, I think it is time for you to talk to her."

"I don't know if she or I are ready for that," she said.

"We'll soon find out." I gave the phone to Louise.

"Hello Mum, how are you?"

They talked pleasantries for a few minutes and then Louise asked me to leave the
room as she wanted to talk to her mother in private. I continued to cook the tea
out of earshot. Five minutes later Louise called out, "We're done now."

"What was all that about," I enquired.

"Just wanted to try and make things up a bit." I suspected that wasn't the whole
truth but I didn't say anything.

Thursday came. Overcast but calm. Lou wakened me with her rendition of Happy
Birthday Old Man. The big three oooh day etc. At midday I heard a motor boat and
was surprised when Rory turned up with Nancy, May and Ernie. Not only did they
arrive but brought all sorts of goodies so instead of our ordinary midday lunch
we had a real birthday party. Louise had part organised it with Rory, and Rory
called May who got Ernie to drive her over.

They were all amazed at the difference in Louise. She hugged her mother and
begged her to forgive what she had done. May's face was still a little swollen
and she had an odd slant to her mouth but was no longer in too much pain and as
able to do her cleaning job again. She told us Ernie had been a great help while
we were away and I gathered he spent a lot of time at her house.

All too soon it seemed they had to leave and we were left to our own devices
again. It is at such times when the atmosphere goes flat after a high, that
depression can set in. Louise was quiet.

"Thanks, Louise that was the best birthday I've had for a long while."

"I didn't do much," she said, "You have to thank Nancy for most of the
organisation."

"Come here," I said.

"Is that an order master?"

"Yes."

We kissed and went to bed tired but happy.




Epilogue

We left Bornholm on July 6th. I had given Louise her indenture papers on the 4th
but the weather was too bad to return to Shropshire. Life was a little difficult
for her particularly during the first few weeks at home when all the people she
met knew her as her old self and treated her as the person she was but we had
expected that and I tried to be with her as much as possible. She joined the
naturalist's club and found that just from the few weeks observations and
reading on the island, she could converse with and understand other members on
animal and bird life. She was especially keen on sea birds.

We returned to Bornholm towards the end of August to film some of the final
stages of the chicks we had seen hatch earlier. One morning she was up early
even though it was raining hard. After making a pot of tea she dragged me out of
bed and down to the loo. We sat, as we often did these days, side by side on the
seat. She said, "Do you know what today is?"

Puzzled, I struggled to think whether is was the day of the week or the day of
the month she was asking. I shook my head.

"Its September 4th." The date started to ring a bell but I couldn't remember
why.

"You said that two months after my indenture finished I could ask you again to
marry me, so as we sat here last time I am asking you again. Will you marry me?"

"Of course dear." Naked we kissed, fondled and returned to bed to consummate our
agreement.



Finis.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





