BDSM Library - Wheel Chair Cuckold




Wheel Chair Cuckold
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Man borrows money from a loan shark based on his ability to pay it back, but then has a car accident and can't earn enough money to pay him back. The man sends two goons, to convince the man to pay or have his wife used as a slut by his son and his goons. He tries to fight it, but can't do much to prevent it from his wheel chair. The wife decides that if she's going to have to fuck these guys, that her husband is going to have to watch. Every time they fuck her, he's wheeled in and placed at the foot of the bed. Not too long and a really good cuckold story.
Wheel Chair Cuckold

Hi,
Hope you are able to post this story,
Appreciate comments.
Kind regards,
Ned Stevenson.


I was in a car accident a year  back. I'm happily married with a 2 year 
old baby son. I'I'm 29 years old and as a result of my accident have 
been bound to a wheel chair for the past year or so. Not only did the 
accident put me in a wheel chair, but it also resulted in sexual impotency.

Up to the point of my accident I was a successful businessman involved 
in real estate.  How ever I had borrowed a huge amount in loans to just 
keep the business , which was run by me solely . With my accident  my 
real estate business was just about going under , as a result my wife 
Jenny, who also used to work as a real estate agent, decided to take 
over.

Jenny is 25 years old, she has shoulder length blonde hair. She is slim 
and very attractive. Ever since my accident she has tried her best to 
keep the business afloat, but things were on the rocky side.
We had to sell the house that we were living in up to this point in 
order to pay my medical bills, as a result, we moved into a  2 bedroom  
rented apartment.  Jenny tried her best to look after the kid as well as 
keep the money coming in for us to survive, but at this stage it was 
becoming near impossible. 

It was at this point that I received a call from one of the loan sharks 
from Malaysia, asking for the huge amount of accumulated interest to be 
paid back, with the threat that if it wasn't done my business would be 
pulled out from under me. He also told me that his 17 year old son Jim, 
who was a  highschool student here in the states took care of his 
business in the states, and that he would pay me and my wife a visit the 
next day. after this call I was just dumbfounded. I knew their was no 
way of putting it off for a while or borrowing more money , since I was 
upto my neck with debts.

As soon as my wife got back from work that day I told her what had 
happened. "Oh sweetheart , I"m so sorry " I told her.  

Jenny was nearly in tears.  She just came into my arms and kissed me.
"It's not your fault.  We'll take it as it come's, Ok? I nodded and 
kissed her.                                            

The next morning we prepared for the arrival of Jim.  Jenny wore a Green 
summer frock and looked stunning.  Jim was on time as expected. He may 
have been still at highschool, but he was driven in, in a black Mercedes 
by chauffer, and another guy who worked for his father.

Jim looked his boyish 17 year old age, he was rather charming, about 5'7 
in height and slightly built. Both his chauffer/bodyguard and the other 
guy were also Malaysian, but more around 6 feet tall with pony tails and 
looked very muscly and rough looking.

"Hello, you must be Jim," I said as soon as he came in the door I offered 
him my hand, "and this is my wife Jenny."  

Jenny and Jim got along quite well.  The body guard and the other guy 
however did not really speak to either of us. The just kept an eye on us 
while we were talking.  The unpleasant part of Jim's visit was talking 
business.  Charming though he was, he did have a certain cold air about 
him where business was concerned.

"Mr. Smith, you do owe my father $40,000.00 as interest for this year 
alone.  I know you are going through a rough patch at the moment, but we 
also have a business to run.  I think my father is running out of 
patience" He said.  I know that Mrs. Smith is doing her best to keep the 
business afloat, as well as take care of your child, but judging from 
your books, even if you did sell the business, still you won't be able to 
pay off our debts.

This is nothing personal Mr. Smith, but business is business. I'll have 
Duke here (Referring to his fathers thug), come in later in the evening, 
you can talk with him and come to some sort of arrangement. Now, if you 
would excuse me, I'll take my leave. It really is good to have met the 
two of you and your little baby".  With that he shook hands, and they 
took their leave.

After about half an hour or so "Duke" came to pay us a visit. "Hello 
Duke" I said and held out my hand to him.  He just ignored it got down to 
talking business straight away. "My boss and Jim aren't happy with the 
way things are going with you. We need you to turnover your business to 
us and all other assets that you own instantly".  He said looking at me 
and Jenny with a cold smile.  

"Please" I said.  "Just give us a bit of time , I"m sure we could work 
something out".

"I"m sorry, but you don't really have a choice". With that Duke pushed 
some papers infront of me.  "Sign" he snapped.

"No, we have to at least have a lawyer present" Jenny said in desperation.  
"I"m sure we can work something out".  

At that instance Jim's chauffer/body guard came in.  He came up to me 
with a base ball bat, got hold of my left hand, and twisted it till the 
bone snapped. " AAAArrrgh"  I screamed in pain.  

"You bastards," Jenny cried, and came towards me.  I was still in my 
wheel chair.  She cradled her arms around me and rocked me too and 
fourth.  She was waring shorts with a black halter top.  She was sobbing 
but she still did look stunning.  

"We don't need this.  No matter what happens we have each other, and I 
love you " She said between sobs.  "Just sign it baby" she said.
I think she was afraid as to what might happen if we didn't give in.

I was in terrible pain.  I couldn't even move.  I had the feeling that 
my left arm was broken.  With my right hand, between sharp outbreaks of 
pain, I got hold of the pen and placed my signature on it.  Up to the 
point of my accident even though I did have large loans, I was 
successful in business and did show a lot of promise.  

Duke took the signed paper from me with a cold smile.  Jenny and I 
cuddled and held on to each other.  I tried to be as strong as possible.  
But I don't think I was being very successful at that moment.

Duke and the other guy, who apparently was addressed as Mich, just stood 
their waiting for us to cool down.

"You have taken all our belongings, now get the hell out" Jenny screamed.

Duke just looked at Jenny calmly and smiled his Icy cold smile.  You see 
Mrs. Smith, even after selling your business, we still would be short of 
around $100,000.00 , that's forgetting the year's interest you owe us.

Here are your options Mrs. Smith.  I can't see any way that we would be 
able to get that money.  My boss does not like to loose in a deal.  
Unfortunately we are going to have to set an example of your behaviour 
to other people who do business with us.  Either, we shoot your invalid 
husband and son, or you let us have a good time with you now and relax, 
so that we may be willing to spare their lives.

I heard Jenny gasp.  She tried to look strong as possible about it, but 
I felt her body shivering next to mine. I was just speechless.  I knew 
that loan sharks could be rough, but this, it was just unbelievable.

I heard Duke and Mich letting off the safety latch's of their guns.
Both of us looked up in fear.  At that instance Duke shot the tyre of my 
wheelchair, giving both of us a fright. 

"You don't have time Mrs. Smith, and we really are being generous to 
you!" Mich snarled for the first time. 

My wife just stood there, trembling next to me.  

I finally found my voice.  "Look here" I said moving my wheelchair 
towards Duke as if to strike him with my right hand. I just felt a loud 
thud on my head and I passed out.

I think I must have been out for about 20 minutes.  When I was came 
back to my senses all I kept hearing was constant moaning.
I also kept hearing constant moving and pounding sounds, as if springs 
were pounded on at a rhythm.  Somewhere in the process of waking up I 
realized that the moans were of a woman, and the springs were of the 
familiar sound as when having sex.  However the pounding was very 
hard.

I slowly started to open my eyes.  The first site was of my wife.  I 
was in my wheelchair at the foot of the bed.  From the angle I 
was I could see my wife's back, then it came to me with horror...... 
It all felt like a bad nightmare.  She was being fucked doggy style by one 
guy, and she was giving a blow to another.  I felt as if I was in some 
sort of dream.  From the angle at where I was gave me a very good view 
of my wife.  I could not see her face properly, but well enough to know 
what was happening.

"Oh god!" she moaned.  "Oh ggooooddddddd!" she cried.  At that moment she 
released the other guys prick and looked back at the guy who was fucking 
her.  From that point she would have been able to see me if she looked, 
but she was too entangled in her own emotions.  A shiver ran through my 
spine as I realised that her moans were of pleasure, and not a protest 
for him to stop.  She started to hump harder on to the guy who was 
fucking her (it was Duke).

I just wanted to scream , but it's as if there was a huge lump in my 
throat. Here was my beautiful blonde wife, my son's mother moaning at the 
pleasure being given to her by two Asian hooligans.  At that point I 
realised that neither of my hands were moving. I guess they would have 
broken my other arm too.  It also occurred to me that I actually could 
not speak.  Though I tried to move my lips, it just didn't move.  All i 
could do was stare at what was happening in front of me. I didn't know 
it at the time, but I was actually paralyzed.

Hearing that familiar sound of my beautiful wife coming close organism 
brought back memories.  I was feeling awfully angry and jealous to watch 
my wife being well fucked by these too massive Asian guys.  Ever since 
my accident I haven't being able to do my husbandly duties since I was 
unable to get an erection.  Jenny brought home a dildo one day, and ever 
since then, the only pleasure I have been able to give her was by using 
that dildo and oral sex.  Jenny seemed to be content with it.  However, 
watching her here being screwed made me realise how much she would have 
needed it.  

Jenny gave another scream, at that point I knew that she would have had 
a orgasm.  "I"m coming" shouted Mich who was in Jenny's mouth.  Duke 
still kept pounding.  I saw Jenny's head still bobbing up and down on 
Mich's cock.

Suddenly Duke pulled her by the hair and bent her neck backwards, and 
started pounding as if he was attached to a speeding train.  From Jenny's 
muffled cries, inspite of the pain, I knew she was coming to an orgasm 
again.  Duke came in Jenny with a loud groan, and I heard her muffled 
cries as she also came with him.  Afterwards all of them fell onto a pile 
and just rested. Dukes cock was still inside Jenny.

At this point I managed to make a muffled groan.  Jenny lifted her head 
and looked back at me. I guess that it was at this point that  she 
realised that I had come to my senses.  She just stared at me for a 
while, and I felt her eyes soften the way they always do when she looks 
at me. I'm sure I saw tears coming to her eyes, but she just looked 
away, and rested on top of Mich.  

"Look at the whimp" Duke said looking at me.  "I'm sure we would have 
given him quite a nice performance by fucking his wife in front of him.  
What a pathetic bastard.  If I were him I would wish my self dead rather 
than watch someone screw my wife.  But from Jenny's performance I don't 
think he would have been able to do her any good for the past year or so".  

I heard Mich laugh.  "Well guys, I"m hitting the shower" I heard Jenny as 
she wriggled herself from between the 2 guys.  Without looking back at me 
she just went into the shower.  Duke and Mich got up to join her.  Duke was 
still limp, but from what I could see, it looked a monster.  As if reading 
my thoughts he just rubbed his cock up and down a couple of times, gave me 
a nasty smile and went in to join my wife.  He seemed awfully happy that he 
had brought my wife to orgasm.  I just felt useless.  I felt like screaming 
out, but no words or sound came out of my mouth.

I heard the shower running and my wife was laughing at a joke that Duke 
had cracked.  I had this sinking feeling that it was about me.  Their was 
a lot of laughter in the shower.  It made me feel weak and angry at the 
same time.  Not only had I lost every possession that I owned, but it 
also seemed like my wife was enjoying screwing the guys who took all of 
it right from me.

My wife came out wiping her hair with a towel.  She looked at me once, 
then just looked away.  I just was unable to read what was on her mind.  
She just looked her stunning self.  I guess after sex, she even looked 
radiant.  She just sat at the edge of the bed.  Duke and Mich also came 
out of the bathroom.  Mich was already hard.  His cock was a 7" and 
thick.  Duke on the other hand was semierect, and looked the same size 
as Mich's.  I imagined that it must be at least 9" when erect.  From the 
way he was fucking my wife earlier on I just couldn't imagine how she 
would have taken all of him.  No wonder she was moaning away.

Mich sat next to Jenny on the bed and started massaging her right breast.  
Duke just came and stood in front of Jenny.  My wife just kept looking 
at Duke's semi erect penis in fascination, and watched it grow bigger.  
She looked up at Duke, gave him a sexy smile and started to massage his 
cock.  
"Oh baby, you are well hung!" she said to Duke not taking her eyes off 
his now 9" cock.  She just kept running her hand up and down its length.  
I felt that I didn't even exist to her.

Mich by this time wanted to fuck my wife.  He made her get up on all 
four's on the bed with her ass towards him.  Her face was towards the 
edge of the bed, and Duke started mouth fucking her.  

I just felt tears swell in my eyes.  But I was just unable to move.  Mich 
entered her pussy, and she released her mouth from Duke's cock to look 
back at Mich, she moaned a bit, then started giving head to Duke again.  
I just couldn't believe that the mother of my son was acting like such a 
slut when he was asleep in just the next room, and with me at the foot of 
her bed.  It's true that I haven't been able to satisfy her sexually, but 
I didn't expect her to act this way with these thugs.  At this point Duke 
had a grip of my wife's hair, and was controlling her movements.  He was 
picking up pace as if he was close to cum.  She was pushing back hard on 
Mich.  

Duke suddenly pulled out of her mouth.  "Now I"m going to show you what 
a good time is Mrs. Smith. With that he pushed her onto the pillow.
"Turn around bitch and get on your hands and knees like a dog!"  he 
snarled.  My wife did as she was told.  At this point she realised what 
was happening. The same thought went through my mind as well.

"Oh yeah big boy!" she said looking back at him and spreading her arse 
cheeks in invitation.  She was wriggling it to him, at the same time I 
saw Mich jerking his cock harder.  I guess watching this beautiful young 
mother wriggling her arse at a big asian guy for anal penetration really 
turned him on.  All I felt was shock.

Initially Duke finger fucked her.  When Jenny started pushing back on 
his fingers I knew that she was ready and hot for the invasion.  
Duke initially pushed the jelly coated tip half way in.  My wife was 
clutching on to the pillow which was infront of her and moaning.  She 
was not pushing behind on him any more.  Mich was watching all of this 
and just kept jerking off.  He was jerking off very slowly.  Obviously 
he wanted to savour every moment of it.  

Duke started his invasion at a very slow pace.  After pushing his head in 
he relaxed for a while letting my wife get used to the sensation.  She 
just rested her head on the pillow while still clutching on to the pillow.  
After resting a bit Duke started to invade her arse.  Bit by bit he 
started to push his enormous cock in.  From the where I was I could not 
see Jill's face, but from the whimpers and loud moans she was making, I 
could tell that she was crying.  

By this point he had most of his thick cock buried in her arse and 
started to hump her.  Jill kept a steady groaning noise.  It was mixed 
with moans.  From the noises she was making I could tell that she was 
in pain.  Duke showed her no mercy.  He started a steady pace of fucking 
her arse. 

By watching all this it didn't take Mich that long to shoot his load.  
He splashed most of his come on my wife.  The bed was creaking at a good
rate now.  "Oh god.....oh ggoooodddddd........." I heard my wife cry 
inbetween groans.  Her head was resting sideways on the pillow.  She was 
still clutching on to the pillow.  Duke was holding on to her by her 
hips and each time he pushed into her he buried his entire length of 
cock inside her, and pulled the entire length out.  I felt my wife 
coming close to orgasm from the noise she was making.  Duke increased 
his pace ." Take it with me bitch" he shouted. "Oh yeesssssssss" was her 
cry, and Duke started humping her hard as he poured all his come into 
her.  After their intense orgasm he kissed my wife's neck and collapsed 
on to  her.

All of them rested this way for a couple of minutes, and Duke and Mich 
hit the shower. My wife just rested on the bed.  She seemed to be oozing 
with sweat.  

After the shower both of them left, kissing my wife on the way out.  
It's been a week since this incident happened.  I'm still paralyzed and 
Jill takes care of me.  How ever as part payment of our debt, she had 
to sleep with Duke and Mich the entire week and also they have made it 
a habit to video their sex in bed with my wife each time they come over.  
Later on we found out that the reason for the video was upon request by 
Jim, who loved tailor made pornography.  After each time they had sex 
with her, in the night she would bathe and put me to bed, and I would 
hear her weep.  At the moment she's getting ready for a visit from Jim.  
It looks like Mich and Duke want my wife to initiate Jim into sex.  

The best part is, each time she entertains someone in our bed she 
insists that they keep me in the wheelchair in our room.  I have a 
feeling it indicates to the others that she's married and does love me, 
and also maybe because it does turn her on a bit that I'm forced to 
watch other people enjoy her in bed.  

All this is very sad and humiliating to me.  All I am able to do is 
watch other people have sex with my wife in unimaginable and perverted 
ways. The fact that all this activity if being taped for the fancy of a 
17 year old and his friends to jerk off to disgusts me.  My wife does 
seem to enjoy some of these things, then again, given our situation I 
don't think she has a choice, or at least, I prefer to think of it that way.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ned Stevenson(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





