BDSM Library - A Very Long Night




A Very Long Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive wife is forced to have sex without enjoying a climax with strangers while her husband observes.
A Very Long Night
Ladyvet

He parks the car at the far end of the lot so no one will know we're a 
couple.

"It's show time, Bitch!" he exclaims. "Are you ready to do your thing?" My 
heart sinks.

"Yes, Master," I reply to my husband of eight years. We've engaged in this 
many times. I try not to think about how many. He removes the key he wears 
on a chain around his neck. I raise my skirt and pull it out from under me. 
The leather is cold against my bare skin. He fumbles with the locks in front 
and back. The crotch shield of the chastity belt I've worn continually for 
over a month slips loose. The tight waistband remains. He never takes that 
off. The cold air stings my newly liberated flesh. I pull the shield out 
from between my legs and hand it to him. He rubs his fingertips over the 
warm, smooth metal that held me captive and will again. I'm glad to be free 
of it for the night. Perhaps I'll even get to cum.

I get out of the car to walk through the frigid night air. A man opens the 
door to leave. Music from the jukebox blares. He pushes past without 
bothering to hold the door for me. It's not that kind of place.

I sit at a small table near the rear. My husband enters a few minutes after 
I begin to sip my first drink. We don't acknowledge each other. He chooses a 
table against the wall from which we can see each other as well as everyone 
who enters the bar. He'll choose a man for me and signal his choice. We 
haven't been to this particular bar before but the crowd is familiar. A few 
cheap looking working girls loll at the bar, caging drinks, maneuvering for 
the cleaner looking johns. Most of the other patrons are blue-collar men 
searching for a lot of beer and if they're unusually lucky, a little romance 
for which they won't have to pay. There are a few affluent customers, too. 
Perhaps they're slumming or maybe they're urban pioneers who live in the 
neighborhood in old, expensively remodeled apartments. Gentrification is 
slowly changing the neighborhood. Unlike the working girls, I'm dressed 
conservatively and expensively in a dark business suit and sheer white silk 
blouse with nothing underneath. I'll keep my jacket buttoned until my 
husband signals me to remove it and display myself. My breasts aren't large 
but they're high and nicely shaped. My nipples are dark and prominent; a 
gift from my children, so to speak.

One of the yuppies notices me. He smiles and lifts his drink in salutation. 
I glance at my husband. He indicates approval. I return the man's smile. 
Perhaps he's the one I'll go to bed with tonight. He carries his drink 
to my table and asks if he can join me. I nod. He sits across from me. He's 
in his mid-thirties, expensively dressed, his hair nicely styled, teeth 
white and straight. I've been with much worse. He looks like a lawyer or 
accountant. He asks my name.

"Mary," I lie. He says his is Kevin, probably also a lie. People don't come 
to places like this to meet people they ever want to see again.

Kevin asks what I'm drinking and offers to buy a refill. I accept. I need a 
few drinks to calm my nerves and make myself ready. We make small talk. He 
seems nice; not the type to hurt a woman but looks can be deceiving. Some of 
the nicer looking ones have been the meanest. We talk for about twenty 
minutes. I'm comfortable with him, hoping my husband will choose him. I want 
to get it over with. My husband nods surreptitiously. I slip my jacket off. 
Kevin watches me, trying unsuccessfully not to be obvious ogling my breasts. 
Several other men notice, too. I cringe inside. I hate to be put on display 
for strangers. Kevin approves of what he sees. I can see it in his eyes. His 
gaze tracks over my breasts and the valley between them. He's already 
planning how to get me out of here and into his bed. We talk about nothing 
for a few minutes. I glance at my husband. He licks his lips and walks to 
the men's room. I dread that signal. Kevin will have a little treat but he 
won't be the one going home with me. Perhaps he's too genteel or well 
mannered. My husband never explains why he chooses or rejects men.

My husband doesn't reappear. That means the men's room is empty. I touch the 
back of Kevin's hand, toy with the top button of my blouse and tell him I 
have something to show him. He follows me toward the rear of the bar. He's 
surprised when I enter the men's room. He hesitates at first, then follows 
me in. He looks around suspiciously. I know what he's wondering. Is it a 
trap? Am I going to rob him? Is it some kind of sex sting operation? The 
stall is closed and locked. My husband put an "out of order" sign on it 
before he perched on the toilet, making the stall appear empty. Kevin bolts 
the door. Now it's my turn to worry. He'll have time to hurt me before my 
husband can intervene, if he even wants to. He's let a few men beat me. One 
burned my right breast with a cigarette. I still have the scar.

Kevin pulls me to him and kisses me. He fumbles under my blouse and squeezes 
my breast. He smells of fresh shampoo and expensive after-shave. I return 
his kiss. I wish he were the chosen one but it wouldn't matter. I'm not 
allowed to make love in men's rooms. There are no cameras to record the act 
or props to make it kinky. Perhaps my husband is punishing me for showing 
too much interest in Kevin. He won't allow me to have sex with someone I 
choose. That wouldn't be punishment. Kevin's tongue probes my mouth while 
his hand slides away from my breast to lift my skirt. He finds what he's 
looking for. I'm not wearing panties. He toys with my thick, curly pubic 
hair then he cups me. I move on his hand and pant into his mouth. I want 
Kevin as hot as possible so he'll finish quickly. I'm not as excited as I 
make believe I am but I'm enjoying being touched. My husband never leaves me 
alone for a moment without the chastity belt. It's a masterpiece of 
engineering. It renders me totally incapable of masturbating to orgasm. He's 
never made love to me or even touched me sexually since he caught me with my 
lover over three years ago. He refuses to satisfy me or let me satisfy 
myself except as he directs and commands. I'd divorce him and make a life 
for myself if it weren't for the children. I can't leave them and he'd never 
let me take them. I'll be his slave until they're grown, a very long time.

I need to get this over with quickly. I can't let Kevin penetrate me. I hug 
him and turn us so my husband's view won't be obstructed. He'd punish me for 
it. I'm here to satisfy my husband's lust and incidentally, Kevin's; not my 
own. I touch him through his pants. He's hard. I fumble with his zipper. He 
springs into my hand. His middle finger finds its way between my labia and 
slides inside me. I want to move on it but I know my husband will punish me 
severely if I do. I'm not allowed to have pleasure except at home, in the 
special room set aside for it and then only mixed with as much pain and 
degradation as he can devise.

I push his hand gently aside and sink to my knees on the cold cement floor. 
Kevin's cock bounces in front of my face. He's large and natural. I wrap my 
left arm around the backs of his thighs, take him in my right hand and work 
his tight foreskin back, exposing his scarlet head. He sighs and touches the 
top of my head. My lover was the only other uncut man I've ever been with. 
Kevin reminds me a little of him. He's clean and pleasant, unlike most of 
the men with whom I have sex. I lick his head. The ridge behind it is 
prominent. I imagine how nice he'd feel moving back and forth against my 
G-Spot. I tongue his little slit. He trembles with pleasure. A clear drop of 
pre-cum squeezes onto my tongue. I guide him between my lips. I continue to 
hold the base of his cock while he's in my mouth to keep him from thrusting 
too deep and gagging me. I also hold him because I wouldn't be able to suppress 
the urge to touch myself if I let go. Kevin takes my cheeks between his 
hands and thrusts in and out of my mouth. The floor hurts my knees. I 
squeeze his shaft and suck hard to make him finish. I know my husband is 
masturbating while he watches us from a few feet away. He and Kevin will 
have orgasms to enjoy. I'll have a mouth full of cum to choke down to keep 
it from staining my blouse.

Kevin grunts and tries to force himself deeper into my mouth. I let go of 
his shaft. It's almost over. My nose touches the wiry hair at the base of 
his cock. It smells of the same shampoo as his hair. He gushes against the 
back of my throat, then pulls partway out so he can feel my tongue against 
the head while he ejaculates again. I swirl my tongue around while he thrusts
hard and fills my mouth. It must have been quite a while since he had a date. 
He's very salty and thick. He ejaculates at least a dozen times. I can hardly 
swallow fast enough to keep up with him. He softens. I hold his semen 
in my mouth while he zips up, straightens his clothes and leaves. No goodbye 
kiss. No word of endearment. I no longer exist now that he's satisfied. 
I lock the door behind him. My husband opens the stall and leers at me. 
He didn't have a climax. He's hard.

"Are you hot?" he demands. "Do you like sucking off strangers in public 
toilets?" He inspects my nipples through my blouse then slaps my breasts 
because my nipples re hard. The room is cool. They might be hard from that. 
He doesn't care. He commands me to raise my skirt. He touches my labia. 
I'm moist. He forces my thighs apart and plunges two fingers into me.

"Oh, you ARE hot!" he exclaims. "You don't care who fucks or fingers you as 
long as you get your little cum, do you?" He moves his thick fingers roughly 
in and out and rubs my clit hard with his thumb, scratching it with his nail 
to make it harder to reach my peak. He watches my eyes. I try not to react 
but I can't help myself. It's been a long time since I had an orgasm. I need 
one badly. He masturbates me until my breath starts to hiss between my lips 
and my hips take up the rhythm of his hand. Maybe he'll actually let me have 
a climax in this dirty, foul smelling little room. I clamp down on his 
fingers. He pulls them out of me with a wet, sucking sound. My need aches 
and burns.

"I didn't give you permission to cum!" he snarls. "You don't deserve to 
cum." He puts his hands on my shoulders and forces me down on my knees. I 
know what he wants. I raise my face and open my mouth. He peers in, then 
pushes two fingers inside to feel the last of Kevin's cum. He withdraws his 
sticky fingers and holds them in front of my face.

"Did you like having that man fuck your mouth, you little whore?" he 
demands. He'll punish me whether I answer yes or no. If I answer yes, I'll 
admit to taking pleasure without permission. If no, I'll insult him by 
telling him following his commands is not pleasurable. I mentally flip a 
coin, hoping to give him the response he wants.

"Yes, Master," I reply. "Thank you for letting me suck his cock." He slaps 
my cheek so hard I see stars. Perhaps he would have done it if I had 
answered no. It doesn't matter.

"Is his cum as sweet as mine?" Another opportunity to be punished.

"No, Master." No slap follows. I've guessed right. He smiles and holds his 
fingers in front of my mouth. I lick them clean of Kevin's mess. He shakes 
his cock at me.

"Rinse your mouth, Bitch!" he commands. I start to take him between my lips. 
He slaps me again.

"Don't put your filthy mouth on my clean cock!" he hisses. "You don't know 
what that bastard is carrying!" He's right. Kevin may have syphilis, 
gonorrhea or even AIDS. My husband doesn't want to get sick. I take him in 
my hand, move my face close, open my mouth wide, extend my tongue and 
masturbate him. He smiles down at me, hands on hips until he squirts into my 
mouth several times, mixing his sweet, watery cum with what's left of 
Kevin's. He softens. I wait for permission to swallow. He puts his cock back 
in his pants and combs his hair before he lets me. I swallow. The drinks and 
excitement are working on me. I ask permission to use the ladies' room.

"Go ahead and piss," he says, pointing to the stall. I push the filthy seat 
up with my foot and turn to close the door. He blocks the doorway. I squat 
over the bowl. The urine-splashed, discolored porcelain is cold against my 
legs. I have trouble starting. He leans in, slaps my face and commands me to 
hurry. I somehow manage to relax enough to urinate. He watches, enjoying my 
humiliation. I leave the room first and return to my table. He waits a few 
seconds, then walks back to his. If anyone saw me come out of the men's 
room, they're not making an issue of it.

My husband scans the crowd. A lot more customers have arrived. It must be 
shift change at one of the factories. Kevin's drink sits half-finished on 
the table. He got what he wanted. He's gone. I finish my drink, swirling it 
around in my mouth before each swallow. I finish his, too. The taste of 
their cum gradually leaves my mouth.

A large, heavyset black man in a worn leather jacket looks me over. My 
husband gives the signal. I smile seductively and move my shoulders back 
ever so slightly to accentuate my breasts. I wonder why he couldn't have 
chosen Kevin or one of the other clean cut ones. I pray silently that the 
man won't want anything to do with me. Maybe he'll think I'm out of his 
league. Maybe he doesn't like white women. He buys another beer and caries 
it toward my table. My husband smiles broadly in anticipation of watching 
and recording this man having sex with me. It's going to be a very long 
night.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ladyvet


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





