BDSM Library - The New Beginning - Dark Love 4




The New Beginning - Dark Love 4
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Takes place three years after the old trilogy "Dark Love" ends.  a return to the world of vampires and bound mortals.  Some wonderful new faces, and some painfully missing ones. The beginning of the second trilogy of the DL books.THE CIRCLE STARS AGAIN  
 Dark Love 4  
By: V. L. Marquette  
Lightly edited by: Ravyn  
 (Author's Note) Okay, this time I do believe I am going to get it all out
  first so I don't have to keep going back and repeating myself.  
*****NO ONE, and I do mean NO ONE.*****  Under
  the age of eighteen or who lives in area's where this sort of reading material
  is considered illegal should read ant farter.  
 Now having said that, if you are still with me, the material within these
  pages is Fiction. Thus saying, anything any resemblance too anything or anyone
  living or dead, or in the vampires case, Undead are purely coincidental. I
  mean let us all be real for just one moment. This is a vampire erotica, as
  in smut. True high-class smut, but it is smut nonetheless.  
 So, now that I have your complete and undivided attention, have fun.  
Vampire's and Mage's and Blood Bond's oh my.  
THE CIRCLE STARS AGAIN  
Dark Love - 4  
New Erotic Adventures of the Undead   
Prologue  
 The woman swerved, trying to miss the car pulling out in front of her, swearing
  to herself as she pulled hard at the wheel, forcing the speeding car she was
  in to settle back on the road. She had to hurry nothing could, slow, her down,
  if she didn't stop what was playing out in her head, then there would be people
  dying, way, too many people. People she didn't ever want to see die. People
  that, if, she didn't make it in time, would.  
 It all started back simple enough, she thought her ideas and creations were
  so wonderfully neat. The book sold well and she was suddenly popular among
  those that enjoyed adult books. Often joking that her book, 'Blood's Lust',
  was, in truth nothing more than a high-class one-handed rag. And oh how she
  loved that book, all the characters in it were just so real to her, so vivid
  and full of life as she wrote their story. Stunned that it fell from her mind
  to the paper so easily.  
 But the good times she was having, were, very short lived. Just after she
  had finally recovered from the third of her series and had it printed, she
  received a package in the mail one day, that had no return address, and held
  only two things in it's contents.  
 One was a article from the Chicago Times, that had a photo and article talking
  about the life and death of Adrian Matthew Carr, the youngest District Attorney
  in the Cities history, the picture with the article was a picture of those
  that were attending his funeral. The caption read that the woman in the picture,
  who was leaning against another man, was Robyn Elisabeth Carr, his younger
  sister and the sole survivor. And even though the picture was in black and
  white, she knew that the woman's hair was blue, just as she knew that the man
  who stood at her side was none other than Torin. And they both were just fictional
  characters from her writing.  
 The other was a small clipping from one of the many tabloids in the city,
  discussing the mysterious death of six prominent businessmen, who had been
  killed under suspicious circumstances. Their bodies discovered behind a locked
  door, and with the exception of one man, who lay in a pool of his own blood,
  were cold, dead, and almost completely drained of blood. The writer of the
  article, commented on the strangeness of the deaths, noting the fact that they
  were all locked in the room, one, that showed no obvious signs of force entry
  or exit. The lack of blood, and the look of horror that was forever frozen
  on their faces, stumped the police. Then the tabloid writer speculated, with
  the lack of any other evidence to the true reason why the men died, that could
  there possibly, be vampires in their midst's?  
 She didn't remember much of the next couple of months. It was all nothing
  but a drunken haze. As she struggled to come to grips with the fact that her
  book, the one that she was so proud of, it was all real, and the characters
  that she had fallen in love with, were real. Vampires really did exist.  
 Fortunately for her, the madness that she was sure she would never come
  out of, from learning that her characters, the ones that she was so proud of,
  were not only real, but were truly vampires, finally passed. Some how, knowing
  that it was all-real, that she wasn't going insane, helped her.  
 Once she sobered up, and got her life back together, the first thing she
  did was burn, the fourth book. Vowing that never again would she ever expose
  them. Going even so far in her plight to erase all the evidence of their existence,
  to wiping her Hard-drive clean. So never again, would anyone ever see anything
  else, and she swore that she would never, again, write about them.  
 Things should have settled down once she had corrected her mistake. But
  it didn't. The dreams, and visions, that she used to be so tickled about, now
  frightened her. They came with more and more frequency, until at last, every
  time the sunset, she knew she would be visited by not only visions, but feelings,
  as well. Feelings that would, almost, overwhelm her in their strength and intensity.  
 The passing of, over, six years since she had had her first dream. The struggle
  to hold on to her sanity and the need to push away the loneliness had become,
  almost, a continual thing for her. No one would ever believe her, if she ever
  tried to tell anyone. And living with them all in her mind, as, she had, made
  it impossible for her to betray their secret, even if she had wanted to. So
  why, now, after so long was she finally willing to expose herself, and brave
  going to the place that had haunted her dreams for so long. She had never wanted
  to intrude in their world, never wanted them to know who she was or what she
  knew. She kept asking herself this question, over and over again, as she sped
  to try to stop what she knew was coming. But even as she asked herself why,
  she knew the answer.  
 There was going to be an explosion, and too many of those she had gotten
  to know, to love, almost as if they were her family, her closest friends, would
  die. And she already had suffered from the loss she had felt when Torin and
  Sapphire had died, so she couldn't live with that, couldn't accept that she
  would lose so many with out at least trying to do something to save them.  
 Her name, her real one anyway, was Rachel Turner. She was, as far as she
  knew, with the exception of the one that sent her the articles. The sole keeper
  of the secret of their, existence. And though she had never wanted to ever
  intrude on their lives, she was going to have to now, intrude or, feel so,
  many die.  
 There was going to be an explosion, she knew this, had woke this morning
  with a bad feeling that had progressed over the day. Those that, she knew so
  well. Who she had spent the last, three, years as her hidden secret. Were in
  mortal danger, a danger that if she didn't make it in time. Would be fatal
  for so many.  
 It was a bomb. A very large bomb, she knew what it was and how it would
  come. And she knew that if it did, she would lose so many of those that she
  had grown to love, almost as if they were her closest friends, her family,
  even her lovers.  
 'What am I doing'?   The thought ran through her mind
  for the umpteenth time as she glanced down, quickly, rummaging through her
  purse for her cigarettes. But along with the question came the answer. Too
  many of those that lived in her heart and mind were going to die. Too many
  were going to be hurt both physically, and emotionally, if she didn't stop
  this. So many, would die. Of the mortals that lived there, only Wolf, Julian,
  Casey, Willow and William would live. The vampires, the Kin, she didn't want
  to think about who would die, or what it would do not only to her, but to those
  that remained. She had already lived through death in their number; it almost
  drove her mad as she felt both Torin and Sapphire die. She just had to get
  there in time. She couldn't live through that kind of loss again.  
 The thought of what might happen to her, if she made it in time, kept trying
  to form in her head, but she kept pushing that thought away. She knew, once
  they found out about her, they might very well kill her to keep their existence
  a secret. But that was a risk she had to take. Better she die now, than live
  though what she knew was coming.  
 But, as she struggled to light the cigarette, trying three times with the
  car lighter, before she could light it, she just didn't see them killing her.
  Some how or the other, she just couldn't see Azrael seeking her death. She
  had spent too many years living in his mind to believe that he would ever kill
  her.  
 But, if he didn't kill her, she didn't know what he would do. She couldn't
  see herself as one of them, even as a pet. She had grown accustomed to what
  he wanted in the way of pets, and she just wasn't it. Even Jenna was prettier
  than she was. What with her mousy brown/red hair, gray eyes and maybe an extra
  thirty pounds. She wasn't ugly, just plain. Yes plain was the best word for
  her. She just couldn't see any of them wanting her for anything more than an
  evening snack. So she knew it was madness for her to do this. But, madness
  or no, she had no more say in her mad dash to save them all, than she had in
  all the things she felt and saw every night with the setting of the sun.  
CHAPTER 1 
 Azrael, just chuckled, shaking his head at an off the mark comment by one
  of the many Rogues that were now living in his lair. All in all there were
  eleven, Lerion and Derrik who had been the first. And were still living there,
  plus nine others. The truly surprising and wonderful thing was that of the
  eleven, starting first with Lerion and Derrick, there were three couples. A
  total of six of the Rogue children in his keep that he didn't have to stay
  on continuously not to sire any more young until they were ready, better trained,
  and had his leave. Oh, he would welcome any Childe they sired, not before they
  were ready. True in Harris and Doc's case as well as Forest and Rain's. They
  were Sire and Childe already. But at least, they were together, the natural
  instinct to dominate and submit, were taken care of. 
 Even more surprising than the fact that six were well on the way to being
  at peace with the rules of his lair, was the fact that Forest and Rain were
  not the only two Kin that were women that had come to the summons. None of
  these children were old enough to have ever had to hunt, ever. That was true,
  for all of them. That was how they had come to be Kin. It would seem that the
  keeping of pets had softened the nature of the brethren somewhat, so that now,
  more and more of the gentler sex were being seen among them. Of the eleven,
  not including Forest and her Chile/wife Rain, there were three other sisters
  of the night staying with him in his Covenstead. Cerberus has growled more
  than once that it just simply wasn't right. He had been running his Covenstead,
  the Warlock's for over a hundred years, and still only had nine women in it,
  where as Azrael had not even run his for seven and already had over half that
  number. 
 Of the eleven, other than Lerion and Derrick, who had been with him the
  longest, and Harris and his Childe, who were marginally well trained. None
  of the rest had more than just the most rudimentary training. Keeping him up
  well into the daylight hours more than once to undo some of the mistakes they
  had made as they fumbled along trying to survive. 
 The presence of Harris and Doc, in his lair was one that still amazed him.
  He had thought himself lucky beyond all imagining when he had stumbled upon
  Torin and later Sapphire and William. Mages were so hard to come by in this
  day and age. But with the coming of these two particular Rogues, Azrael was
  again able to start training Kin in the arts. True neither of them were anywhere
  near as bright and quick as his two lost ones had been, but they were still
  Magi, and with time, would do not only their Kin, but the arts, proud. 
 "Hi, Azrael." Topaz threw herself into his lap, kissing him. "How ya doing
  tonight, Daddy." She giggled as he nipped at her nose. 
 "Just sitting back, and trying very hard to not feel too overly pleased
  with myself." He smiled with gentle tolerance at his youngest Fledgling. "So,
  do you and that boy of yours have plans for the evening, or are my beloved
  and I actually going to be keeping you here with us tonight?" 
 Topaz looked down at him, pouting. "Not fair, first you practically steal
  Zeph from Cerberus to keep me company while you and Loki heal, and now, you
  are complaining that he and I are just too close. Come on Daddy; make up your
  mind. Either you want Zeph and I to see each other, or not." 
 Azrael just chuckled at her. "Oh, I have no problem with the two of you
  as lovers. Quite the opposite, it eases my heart and soul to know that after
  all that I failed to do with you, that you have come through this all so well." 
 Topaz growled at him. "That's not fair either, Azrael. Don't you think I
  missed Tori and Sapphire, and they weren't even my family yet, I happen to
  agree with Cerberus on this, I would have been a whole lot more worried if
  you didn't just kinda shove me at Zeph while you and Loki mourned. I know I
  am loved, I know you will never, or at least not until my hundred years are
  up, ever throw me out. So quit worrying about me." She kissed him again. "And
  as to the answer to your question. Zeph and I were already planning on staying
  in tonight. His Sire is getting almost grumpy with us because he almost never
  sees Zeph without me anymore. And though he says he loves me almost as much
  as if I were his own, I'm not and he is a little tired of looking at my face
  all the time." 
 Azrael threw his head back laughing. "Well, I would never put my feelings
  to the boy quite that way, but I too would like to see you without him latched
  to your arm for a while. I think Loki and I would very much like to have you
  join Selene with us at light, I have missed you Childe." 
She giggled. "As Gabriel's man, would say, 'twist
      my arm'  ." 
 Maria just laughed, shaking her head. "I'm going out to get the mail, Azrael.
  Topaz is waiting for the knife she ordered to arrive." 
 "I know, that has been all she has talked about since she ordered it. What
  I do not understand is why, if the blade is not sharp, would she want it so
  badly." 
 "Because it's pretty." Topaz moved to sit up higher in her sire's lap. "Hi,
  Maria," she kissed her. "And besides, it's not only pretty, but I can always
  sharpen it and ask you to set the edge." 
 Maria just chuckled to herself. "If it came dear, I will make sure you get
  it, posthaste." She leaned down and kissed her, again. "Do me a favor, love,
  try talking our Master into letting me stay with you both tonight." 
 Topaz just giggled as Maria left the room. "You are slacking up again Azrael.
  Better watch yourself or not even Loki will be able to revive you." 
 "Then, I, will die a happy man, Childe, then I will, indeed, die a happy
  man." 
 * * * 
 The tires squealed trying to hold to the road as the car skidded, gravel
  spraying as it spun into the driveway. Rachel was out of the car even before
  it had come to a full and complete stop. "Maria!" She screamed as the woman
  closed the door to the realm. "Don't open that box!" But even as the words
  left her, she was knocked back with the heat of the blast as the realm exploded. 
 * * * 
 Azrael came back to himself at both Selene's and Megel's cries of horrified
  pain. "What?" He pulled himself up, easing Topaz off his chest. "Are you all
  right precious?" He immediately grabbed her. "Are you well?" 
 Topaz went to answer him, even as he felt the emptiness. He was on his feet
  and tearing away a portion of the wall from where his beloved husband lay,
  Loki was, dying. He pulled his love, his life, close as the pain overtook him
  and he wept. 
 "Azrael," a soft, pain filled whisper. 
 "Yes, beloved." Azrael looked down, into Loki's face. 
 "Selene, let me speak to my Childe. 
 Selene struggled to crawl over the broken plaster and glass. "Loki." She
  grabbed his hand. "Father." She carefully lifted his head, gasping as she felt
  the stickiness of blood on her hand. "Oh, no." She began to weep. "Oh, no." 
 "Let me go, I am dying Selene, let me go." He touched her cheek. "Make Azrael
  live, don't let him follow me, and don't you follow either." 
 Azrael grabbed his hand. "No, you cannot die, you will not leave me." He
  forced his wrist against Loki's lips. "Live for me, beloved, live." 
 Loki only lay there, his most, precious, of all loves wrist against his
  mouth. "Let me go brother, Husband. It is time, let me die." He kissed the
  wrist pressed against his lips. "Free me Azrael, free me and live. Promise
  me, you will not follow me. Find love, again, keep living. As long as you live,
  I do, too. Live for me, keeper of my heart." 
 Azrael just knelt there, holding his hand, weeping. Could he do it, he depended
  on Loki, so much, he loved him, loved him with strength that surpassed all
  love for him, other than that of his Sire. So could he do it? Give his promise
  to the, only, reason he had for living that he would go on without him. He
  sighed. 'Yes'  , he loved his husband that much. He would
  go on. "I promise you, my most beloved of all loves. I will live, if for nothing
  more than to let you continue to live in me." 
 He nodded as he blindly reached for a sharp piece of metal. "Thank you.
  Now please let me speak to my Childe, Azrael." 
 Selene moved forward again. "Don't leave me Father. Please don't leave me
  alone a second time." 
 Loki just graced her with a soft, sad, smile. "I don't really have much
  of a choice in this Selene. But I will not leave you orphaned. I can't offer
  you much, my darling, but I can mark you as an adult. Your hundred years are
  forfeit. When you walk away from me, it will be as an adult," he reached up,
  pulling her blouse from his mark so that he could finish it. But he didn't
  have the strength. "Azrael." He looked to where the man knelt beside him. "Help
  me. I can't leave her like this, help me." 
 A rustle behind him had him turning to watch in fear as Megel and Shadow
  pulled masonry from a body "No." He finished Loki's mark on Selene before he
  went to help free the body. "Not Cain as well." He watched as Shadow huddled
  beside him, weeping. "Oh Megel." 
 Megel looked over the broken body of his Childe. "Cain?" He whispered, trying
  to call his Childe back to the land of the living. *Childe  ,   answer
  me. *   His Childe was so close to death, so very close. 
 *Father? *   A faltering touch as Cain struggled
  against what was happening. He hurt so much, was so cold . *Help
  me, Father. *  
 Megel closed his eyes at the pain and terror that he knew his Childe was
  feeling. *Ssshh, Cain, I know, love, I know. Just go to sleep  . Everything
  will be fine. Just go to sleep. *   He would lose his Childe,
  true Cain was not his true First-Born, but, Born or, Made he had been his first
  Childe. And now he would lose him. 
 *I'm cold, Megel. Why am I so cold? *  
 Megel pulled him even closer, trying to warm him, knowing that no amount
  of heat would ever again reach his Childe. * Ssshh, I am with
  you Cain, go to sleep, I am with you. *  
 There was silence for the longest time. Megel began to believe that his
  Childe had slipped into slumber, escaping the ugliness that was all around
  him. 
 *I'm dying. *   It was not a question. *Father;
        don't let me die, please, I'm afraid. *  
 *You have nothing to be afraid of Childe. You have family there,
        three uncles, a Great Grand-Sire and countless Kin there, that will watch
        over you as you sleep. Don't be afraid, please, baby, don't be afraid.
        Just go to sleep hold, my, love to your heart as you slumber, know I
        will be with you one day. *  
 Again a moment of silence, then, *Vincent, I see him. He's
        dead too isn't he? *  
 Megel could hear Christian and Anna crying over David's body. *Yes,
        Cain, go I release you, go back to your first Sire. Hold him, as you
        sleep. Goodbye my loved and cherished Childe. *   He knew
        that Cain would fight to the end to keep from dying. It wasn't fair,
        it wasn't right. The Childe had only had such a short time. *Cain,
        can you hear me, Childe? *  
 Almost too distant for him to hear , *I'm dying, let me go
        Father, please, let me go. *  
 *Yes, I know, but Childe you have been with me for such a short
        time. I will miss you. Always know I love you, and will continue to love
        you, always. *   He lowered his head, teeth sinking into
        Cain's throat . *I release you my Childe, go with all my
        love. *  
 Shadow just huddled against Megel as his Sire bid his brother safe sleep. "He's
  dead, isn't he?" He just put his head in his hands and began to sob even harder
  as Megel looked up, a terrible pain in his eyes. "He's dead." Shadow just couldn't
  believe it. Cain was dead, the same man that had just beat him at chess for
  the millionth time, and he was dead. "Jules," he looked up, frantic to find
  his pet. "Where is Julian?" No, fate couldn't be that cruel, he couldn't lose
  both Cain and Julian in one night. 
 "Master?" A soft, frightened and confused voice. As a thin frail looking,
  boy pulled himself, up out of the pile of rubble that had landed on him. To
  move painfully to where Shadow knelt by Megel. "What happened?" 
 "The end of innocents, love. The end of innocents." Megel pulled him close
  as he held Shadow, weeping. 
 * * * 
 Selene looked up from where Loki had finished her mark. She was now a Fledgling
  no more, but adult Kin. "Thank you, Father." She lay against him, crying. 
 "Release me Selene, help me to die." He knew that he could not block the
  pain much longer, and he didn't want to die, knowing that the two most important
  people in his life had to watch him suffer. "I can't fade. And I can't live
  like I am, so release me Selene, if you love me at all. Kill me. Don't make
  me ask it of Azrael. Only his, promise, and Topaz are keeping him from following
  me. Kill me, and have him remake you as his. Give me your word. You will live
  Childe. Knowing that it will in no way alter my Gift of adulthood. Promise
  me, you will do as I ask." He coughed, blood on his lips. "Promise me you will
  make you both live." 
 Selene lay against him, sobbing. She would have to kill him. He was right.
  There was no way that Azrael could give him his request without going to follow
  him in his sleep. *I release you, Father. *   She
  went to give him what he had begged for. His, death, *take my
  love with you, Sire. Hold it to your heart as you sleep. *  
 *Always, goodbye my cherished Childe. I see your sister Sapphire.
        She is waiting for me. Go on and live, knowing that I will always love
        you. *   
 And the link died with him, as Selene, weeping, snapped his neck. "I'm sorry,
  Father, so sorry." She kissed his lips. "I love you." Her fangs sank into the
  now dead flesh, going to fully release Loki's soul with the draining of his
  body. 
 She watched as Azrael took his lifemate into his arms. "Release him Azrael." She
  so wanted to take her Father back into her arms, just one more time before
  she had to let him go. "Please, release my Father." 
 It was even harder than it had been with Torin, making himself sink his
  fangs into the lifeless flesh. *Fare well, keeper of my heart.
  Sleep, I will do as you have asked. I will live, if only so you may live on
  in my life. Kiss our two, for me, and, sleep safe. *   He choked *beloved.
  *  
 * * * 
 *Gabriel, please wake up. *   William ignored
  the blood that was running down his arm. He was much too concerned for the
  man he held . *Please, oh please, don't die on me. *   
 He couldn't live if he did. He had lost so much so far and in far too, short,
  a time that if Gabriel died. He'd just quit living and die too. 
 Gabriel moaned, trying to get his wits back again. "Will?" He looked up
  at his Chosen and husband. "Beloved, what happened?" 
 "I don't know. I think the place exploded." He was so happy just to hear
  Gabriel's voice. "I thought I was going to lose you, so many are dead, I thought." He
  broke then, throwing himself against Gabriel's chest. "I thought you were dead,
  I thought I was alone again." He just lay there sobbing against him. 
 Gabriel looked at him, and then around the room. "Gods," he whispered, as
  he took in all the death and destruction around him. "Azrael?" 
 "He's okay." He pulled up, to look down at his lover. "But, Gabriel, Cain
  is dead, Vincent is dead, and," he bit back a sob, "Loki too. So many are dead." Finally,
  knowing that Gabriel was alive, knowing that his worst nightmare that he would
  lose the one man he loved more than life, was over. But how to, deal with all
  the other nightmares that, were coming true for so many this night. 
 All around them, others lay, either in grief or in death. Harris just held
  his husband to him, resting against the remains of a wall, trying to convince
  him to live, that he was still with him. He didn't even look up as Lerion crawled
  over to sit beside him, cradling the shattered body of Derrick against his
  chest a lost and confused look on his face 
 Selene sat, watching as Azrael bid his love goodbye. But Megel's sobs made
  her look up. He was holding Amber and Ben to him, even as Shadow wrapped his
  arms around Denise and Evelyn's mangled bodies. She moved, trying to find Casey,
  Kell, and Willow. She had to know if they still lived. "Casey?" She struggled
  over the wreckage. "Kell, Willow?" 
 A whimper alerted her to life, but her momentary joy was dashed as she watched
  Willow crawl from beneath two bodies. Kell and Casey had shielded Willow from
  the blast, had protected her life, Kell was dead, and Casey, oh Casey was so
  hurt, so close to death, himself. Selene reached down, crying in denial as
  she pulled Casey to her. "Baby," she whispered, stroking his cheek. "Casey?" She
  can't lose him. He was all she had. "Please baby, here, drink, live." She forced
  her bloody wrist against his mouth. "Please, baby, don't leave me." 
 Willow begun to cry. "Kell is dead, Mistress. He's dead." She tried to wipe
  the blood from the side of Kell's face. 
 "Please, baby." Selene held Casey to her. Rubbing his throat encouraging
  his body to swallow, as, she ripped her wrist open again and let the blood
  flow into his mouth. "Live, damn you, 'live'  ." She was
  sobbing. 
 Casey, didn't want to drink, to live, he just wanted to sleep. "No," he
  gasped for air, trying to spit the blood from his mouth. But there was too
  much, blood to breathe, he had to drink. He was so tired. "What, what happened?" His
  body hurt so badly. 
 Selene kept tearing at her wrist and forcing him to drink. "Ssshh," she
  rocked him against her body. She thanked God as she cried. Loki, her Sire,
  was dead, she had had to kill her Father, but Casey still lived. "There was
  an explosion, baby." She stroked his cheek, trying to smile at him. "So many
  are dead," she fought down a sob. "Casey." She swallowed back the painful lump. "Honey,
  Loki, my Father," she began to cry again. "He's dead, Kell, he's dead, Cain
  and Vincent as well. So many of the others are dead." 
 Casey just looked up at her, refusing to believe what he had just heard.
  Surely Selene was wrong. Loki had become almost as important to him, as Selene
  was. "Don't leave me." Death had hit too much in his life, first his father,
  then Torin, and now Loki and Kell too. "Please, Mistress, Selene, please don't
  leave me." 
 She wiped the tears from his cheeks. "I won't, baby, I promise, I won't." She
  squeezed his softly. "Hush, baby." She soothed him as he moaned in pain. "You're
  legs are broke, love. Go to sleep for now, later I promise, I'll see you good
  as new." And she lay him down gently, willing him to sleep. "Go on, precious,
  sleep." She looked up to where; Willow sat, in tears, rocking Kell back and
  forth. "Willow?" 
 "He saved my life." She whispered. "They both did, but," she began to sob
  even harder. "Mistress, he's dead." 
 * * * 
 Topaz pulled away from Loki, she had bid him farewell, but it hurt so much.
  She didn't know how Azrael was going to be able to hold up, or Megel and Shadow,
  when Torin had died, yes it had hurt so much, but she hadn't been Kin yet,
  still only Chosen. So the pain wasn't anything like what she was feeling now,
  and Megel and Shadow, her once brother, now nephew. Cain had been his brother.
  They shared a Sire. * Zeph, please, I need you. *   She
  was so afraid, so many were dead, so much violence, and of those that remained,
  she was so afraid that some of them would fade. Lilith and Christian, how could
  they live, with Vincent gone? And Gabriel, she only hoped that he was okay,
  because if he wasn't, then she knew that not even all the power her Sire had
  at his disposal would keep William from dying. "Azrael?" She looked up at him. "Daddy,
  we have got to look for other survivors." 
 Azrael pulled away from Loki, just long enough to look at her with such
  pain in his eyes, that she couldn't meet his gaze. "There are not any Childe.
  Look around you, any that still live are in this room, the rest in this realm,
  all my darlings, they are dead." 
 "But." She just couldn't believe that everyone was dead. What exploded,
  how could it have killed everyone? 
 The cold of the Paths filled the room as Zephyr came at a near run. Topaz
  was in pain. The agony she was feeling had been felt in her summons. "Holy
  shit." He just looked around the room at the destruction . *Father!
  *  He blindly reached for his Sire as he gathered Topaz to him,
  stroking her hair as she cried against him. 
 This time, Cerberus didn't answer him; instead he came at once. Something
  had frightened his Childe, and nothing frightened this particular Fledgling
  of his. But as he stepped in from the Dark Paths, and took in all that was
  around him, he understood why his Childe called him. "Merciful Gods." He swore
  as he looked around. The place was in shambles, there were bodies lying all
  over the place. So many dead, "what happened?" He looked to Azrael who stood,
  by Willow, over the body of his Grand-Childe. "Uncle?" Cerberus laid a hand
  on Azrael's shoulder. "What happened?" 
 "It was an explosion, what and how, I do not know. But it has killed my
  Husband." Azrael looked down to the sleeping figure that Selene still huddled
  against. "He is dead, Cerberus." 
 Cerberus didn't know what to say. How could one possibly come up with the
  words to ease the pain he knew his uncle was feeling. "Is there anything I
  can do for you, uncle?" 
 "Can you return what is lost to me? No, Childe, there is nothing and no
  one that can help me now. I am alone, completely alone again, and I will have
  to live with it." 
 * * * 
 Megel knelt by David's body. "I know he is free, Cain saw him as he died,
  but," he gathered the body to him. *Watch over our Childe, my
  friend, please, watch over our Childe. *   There was almost
  no blood. David had been so hurt, before he died. Megel, fighting back sobs
  as he gently pulled the metal shard that had embedded itself in the younger
  Kin's forehead, from him. Touching his face power forcing the wound closed.
  The tattered remains of David's arm, he straightened it as best as he could,
  before forging it back into wholeness. He would not have any that slept with
  any of those he loved to be left with such horrid marks of violence. He closed
  his eyes. There was one thing left for him to do . *Sharra, *   he
  would summon his Sire, share the grief that only one Sire to another can ever
  fully understand. *Come, your Childe's Childe needs you now. *  
 Again, the almost immediate coldness of the Paths as Sharra came at once.
  She had felt the pain, the emptiness as her son had died. But she would never,
  not even in the pain she felt, intrude, at once. "Vincent?" She almost ripped
  her Childe from Megel. "Oh, no, baby." She just wept. 
 "There was an explosion." Megel gathered her and her Childe to him. "Grieve,
  Sharra, feel the pain that only a Sire can feel. I lost my son this night as
  well." 
 "An explosion? What happened? My son was well last I spoke to him, what
  killed him?" 
 "The realm, it just blew up. Then Davy," Wolf so wanted to die now. He believed
  in his heart, he would, anyway, when it came time for him to feed from David
  again. He didn't think he could ever feed from another. Could the pain of starvation
  be any greater that his loss? He didn't know, and he didn't want to know. He
  just wanted to die. He just wanted to be with his master again. 
 "'NO'!" Both Sharra and Megel reacted as one. "No, child." Sharra brushed
  David's cheek. "Enough death, your dying will not solve anything. Vincent is
  forever beyond you. Not even death will give him back to you. You are mortal
  child. No mortal can go where my son has traveled." 
 "No, Wolf can't follow my Sire, Christian either. But Grandmother, please,
  release me. I am his First-Born, and without him, I have no life. Please, Sharra,
  do not force me to live as an orphan. Let me die." Anna looked up. "Please,
  Vincent is gone, so is Cain, Billy and Mat as well. I have no reason left to
  live. Please let me join them in their sleep." 
 Sharra looked at her, with pain and understanding in her eyes. "You would
  leave me too?" She motioned to David's body. "You are all I have left that
  was souly his. You would leave me?" 
 Anna looked from her to Christian and Wolf. "Please, understand. He made
  me his Childe, his First, and though I always knew that after Cain, he went
  out of his way to always make Christian and Wolf feel loved and wanted, the
  boys too. But I was his first. Cain sacrificed himself for Wolf and me. So
  I was always his first. Please Grandmother, do not ask me to live, I can't.
  I just can't see a day without my Sire. Please, release me after I fade. I
  only want to be with him, with Cain, let me, be, please, let me." Had she been
  alone, she would have faded, and never reached him, but now, with so many,
  she could go, and go knowing that she was heading into his arms once again. 
 Azrael looked up from where he had been holding Loki's still body in his
  arms. "No. Girl, your Sire was mine. He is gone now. Both you and Christian
  owe me your lives. I forbid you to fade. Do you not think that there has been
  enough death today, enough to last for the next several millennia? You would
  ask me to watch you fade, me, do you not think losing Loki was enough for me,
  do you really expect me to sit back and watch another in my domain die?" Then
  to Sharra his eyes windows to a soul that bled. "Do not grant her release.
  If she fades, she does so knowing that no one will free her soul. I have lost
  so many, today. My beloved, is, gone from me. Too many have perished. I will
  not lose another." Then to Christian, "Childe, you still owe me a life. I,
  was the one that freed Shiva's soul, remember? Do not think to fade. I will
  not allow any others in my keep to die. Hate me if you must, but I will not
  release either of you." 
 Anna looked from him to Sharra and back to him. "Master, my Sire is dead,
  you would force me to live, knowing I have no life without him. Hate you? What
  ever did my Sire do to you that you hate him so that you would force his Childe
  to suffer like this?" 
 Azrael shook his head, weeping over his love. "I never hated Vincent. He
  was bound to me. I loved him. It is that continued love for your Sire that
  leads me to forbid your fading. Vincent would not have wanted you, either of
  you, to fade and die. No Childe, I am going to have to leave enough in my Sire's,
  keep. Do not ask me to leave you as well. You either go with your Grand-Sire
  and be willing to go on, or you stay here with me, either way, you will go
  on, and you will live." 
 "Listen to Azrael, Lilith." Sharra reached to pull her precious Grand-Childe
  close. "You are all I have left of my Childe, stay with me. Do not leave me.
  There is no place for you where my son is. Let the dead rest and continue living." She
  kissed the sobbing youngster gently. "Come, Lilith, let's take Vincent lair.
  See that he rests with those of his Line." 
 "No, please, Lady, Elder." Megel couldn't let her take him. Not with as
  much as he knew that both David and Cain needed to be together in their slumber. "I
  lost my Childe as well tonight. Let Vincent remain with Cain, please, I cannot
  fade to be with him. I not only have an infant that needs me, but my Sire does
  as well. Please, let him slumber with my Childe." 
 Sharra looked up at him. "And his other Childe, and Chosen, what is to come
  of them? Lilith I will take, she is all I have left that was solely my sons.
  But what of Christian and Wolf, what is to come of them? I have no need for
  the boy that my, son had Chosen and I am not sure if I can give my other Grand-Childe
  what he needs to live. What will happen to them? If they can not die or fade
  to be with my son, what will be asked of them? How much more can such young
  children be asked to bear?" 
 Azrael nodded, looking first to Christian and then to Wolf. "Rest easy old
  friend. I will not ask them to give anymore. All I want is, for, there to be
  no more death in my domain. The Childe, if he is still too shy of me, I will
  see he is remade by another here, who still lives with his First-Born and husband,
  and the boy, if I can only convince Lerion to live, perhaps he will become
  Chosen no more but Childe in truth." 
 "We can talk about this when we get back, but I need to see to my son. See
  that he is placed with the rest of my brothers and Grand-Sire. Please Sharra,
  let Vincent rest with him." Megel bent to gather Cain close, dreading the time
  that would come all too soon that he would have to leave the first of his Brood
  in slumber. 
 Sharra just nodded, hushing Anna as she began to weep even harder. "First,
  I must know, what fate awaits Christian and Wolf. Before I take Lilith from
  here, I must know, my, son's, Childe, and, Chosen will be well." 
 Azrael looked from Christian to Harris, who still hovered over his Childe. "Harris?" 
 "Master?" The young Mageling Kin looked up at him. 
 "I know that I had forbid you from making anymore children, but that was
  before this tragedy. If I give Christian into your keeping, will you do right
  by him? Or is the tie between you and your son still too fresh?" 
 The young Kin only smiled sadly. "Vincent was a friend of mine, any Childe
  or Chosen of his will always find a lair with Doc and I." 
 "No, his Chosen I have for another purpose, but will you take Christian,
  and remake him as your son. He is much too young to be asked to stand alone." 
 "Yes, Coven Master, I thought I had already said that. If the boy is willing
  to try to live again, I will see to it that he isn't alone, never alone." 
 Azrael looked to Christian who stood there looking so lost and confused.
  He had lost his Sire again, and again he would be forced to go on and live,
  to give his heart and body to another. "Childe? I would much rather see you
  live. If the prospect of becoming my pupils Childe is not one that you can
  live with, I will make you mine." 
 Christian looked at him. "Again, I am to go on alone again? But what of
  Lilith, my Grand-Sire, am I to lose them as I lost my Father?" 
 "Leave him be, Azrael. I will never turn any Childe that was my son's from,
  my heart, or my realm. The boy, I can't help, but Christian is my Grand-Childe.
  He has as much right to my love and protection as Lilith does." She held out
  a hand to Christian. "Come on little one. I won't let any take you from me." 
 Azrael nodded, comforted by the knowledge that there would be no more to
  die in his realm, at least not today. "So be it." Then he looked to Wolf. "Child,
  come here. You must live, for to die now would only see to it that you never
  saw your old master again. Come and help me save another in my keep." He gently
  squeezed Aaron's hand. "Lerion, Childe, are you still with me?" 
 "I have no choice, Elder, I released my husband, he waits for me, but if
  I can't get the same from any of you, I will never see him again." 
 "You will see your husband one day. Remember that time has no meaning where
  he is now. Eternity can be like a day, and a day can be like eternity. But,
  this boy, he was Vincent's Chosen, without another Master, he will sicken and
  die, a slow and hideous death of starvation." Azrael didn't correct Aaron's
  misconception. If he believed that without Vincent, he would die, so be it. "Again,
  I say this to you. I retract my ban on the making of a Childe, as long as you
  take this one and place him in your protection and care. I am well aware that
  you are still a Childe yourself, but better for a Childe to Sire a Childe that
  this boy die." 
 "I never thought that I would ever have to decide to chose between making
  a mortal my First-Born or watching them die. But you are right. No amount of
  blood will keep him from pining away. Yes, Elder, I will take him and place
  him in the safest place I know. He will be my Childe, my First-Born, and I
  will see to it that he heals, as he sees to it that I do as well." 
 Azrael nodded the smile on his face never touching his eyes. It bothered
  him that he would have to sacrifice the life of this boy so that he could keep
  them both from dying. But he would, he would do anything to stop the death
  in his realm. "Thank you Lerion. When you take him as your Childe, You become
  not only my student, but also adopted 
son. Derrick will sleep with all the others that have come and gone in my
  life. I will place him under the watchful eye of my Sire. So that when the
  day comes that you seek him in his resting place, you will know that he has
  waited not alone, but with those that will care for him in your absence." 
 Lerion fought back the tears as he gathered his friend, lover and husband
  in his arms. "Thank you Azrael, you will never know how much that means to
  me." 
 "Now, can we go now? The sooner I entrust my son to my brother's and Grand-Sire,
  the sooner I can begin to heal both my heart and that of Shadow's." Megel was
  near hysterical. All he wanted to do was see that his lost one was given a
  place, and he come back and try to help undo the pain he saw in his own First-Born's
  eyes. 
 "Yes, Megel, we go now." Azrael looked to Cerberus. "There is not much left
  of my lair to guard, but, still I leave it in your hands to guard and protect
  while I am gone." 
 "Go on Uncle, I will stay, I don't think I could pry my boy away from your
  girl right now, not even with a crowbar. Not that, I, would ever try. Not with
  what has happened here. Go, I will see to yours, just give my love to 
 Azrael nodded once then gathered all those around him, with their silent
  remains and stepped back on the Paths, seeking a place both loved and hated
  by him. The place where all those in his heart and keep slumbered. 
CHAPTER 2 
 Julian pressed himself against Shadow as he knelt there, arms wrapped around,
  himself, swaying slightly as he cried. "Master." He touched his arm. "Shadow," and
  even softer, almost a plea, "Shad?" 
 Shadow reached to pull Julian close. "You're alive." He moaned. "Thank all
  the is Holy, for small miracles. I don't think I could have lived if you died
  too." He gathered the boy to him. His mouth hot and demanding a response. If
  only for nothing more than to, ease, the pain. 
 * * *  
 Azrael laid Loki beside Sapphire, letting him lay forever beside the body
  of his First-Born. * Fare well, *  he kissed Loki's
  cold lips. * Sleep Keeper of my heart, sleep and dream of me.
  *  
 It never, ceased the pain he felt, every time he was forced to come here
  once again. To bring, another, of those of his blood and Line to join the other
  silent sleepers. "Lay your son there, close to Thorne." He motioned to a still
  body that lay to one side, silent, forever silent. 'Sharra, your Childe. If
  you mean to grant my son his wish, Vincent will rest beside Cain." He closed
  his eyes as Sharra, weeping softly lay David beside Joseph, to rest forever
  together. Anna fought to throw herself on him as both 
 "Damn you." Anna looked at Azrael, the pain of loss indescribable in her
  voice. 
 "Lilith." Sharra fussed, turning her attention from the body of her son,
  to focus on her GrandChilde. 
 "Why won't you let me die?" She yanked herself free of Christian and Megel,
  to throw herself on to David's body. "Please, oh please, just let me die. Why
  won't you let me be with him?" 
 "Because Childe, I have lost so many this night already, my Husband, my
  Grand-Childe, your Sire, do not ask me to lose you as well, I am sorry, I cannot." Azrael
  bent to pull her from the body. "This is a promise, from me, if after a 
year, there is still no joy in your life. Then you may fade. Give me just
  one year, and after that, if all you still seek is your death, I will grant
  it to you. I will personally bring you here, and lay you with your Sire. But
  please Childe, give me one year." He wiped her tears from her cheek as he bent
  to kiss it. "One year, is such a short time Childe. Surely your Sire's life
  is worth one year." 
 Anna looked at him hard. A day, a week, a year, ten years, a thousand, it
  didn't matter to her. "Your word, Azrael, not on those that sleep here but
  on your life, the life of your First-Born. Swear it." 
 Azrael just made a soft noise in the back of his throat as he pulled her
  close. "I swear it, I will keep my word to you. On my life, on Megel's on everything
  I hold sacred and holy, I swear that if you give me just one year, if you have
  found no reason to live, I will safeguard your fading, I will release you to
  seek your Sire. This I swear, not only on all the lives I have here, but on
  mine, Megel's and all that lives still in my life." He couldn't fault her,
  her pain. She was so young, really too young to be asked to walk away from
  her 
Sire. But he owed it not only to the silent sleeper in the room, but to her
  grandsire as well to do what he could to see she lived. A year is such a short
  time for them, he knew that, but he also knew Sharra. If anyone could possibly
  give this poor wounded orphan a reason to live, she was it. 
 *You have given me a year, surely in that time, I can help
        her to heal, to seek life again. If not, then I will come with her. My
        children are grown, my First-Born a disgrace, if my Grand-Childe makes
        it the full year, and still seeks her death, I will send her to my son,
        and then I   * See to your girl here, old
        friend. Do not give me reason to keep my word. Do not let her seek death.
        *  
will follow. *   She took Anna from him, stroking
  her hair as the girl cried. 
 *You have given me a year, surely in that time, I can help
        her to heal, to seek life again. If not, then I will come with her. My
        children are grown, my First-Born a disgrace, if my Grand-Childe makes
        it the full year, and still seeks her death, I will send her to my son,
        and then I will follow. *  She took Anna from him, stroking
        her hair as the girl cried. 
 Azrael nodded. "We have done, what we have come here to do. Let us return
  to my realm, or what is left of it. Sharra, will you return, or take Lilith
  and Christian and seek your lair?" 
 "I have no wish to ever return to where my son was killed. I take my Grandchildren
  and seek my lair. If fate is kind, it might be many years before you and I
  see each other again, but if cruel fate is not finished with us yet, I will
  return in a year." She looked first to Anna that she supported as the girl
  cried, then to Christian who stood there, looking so lost. "Childe?" 
 Christian just threw himself at Azrael. "I can't, please, I can't leave
  all those left. I'll go with you." Then he looked to Sharra and Anna. "I'm
  sorry, Lilith, but I can't, not now. I just can't. Better that I try living
  one more time, if no one will let me follow Vincent." He looked at Azrael. "Please,
  if what you said earlier is still truth, please, let me come lair. I, I have
  no other." 
 Azrael gathered the heart lost Fledgling to him. "My word is good, Childe,
  you know my word is good. I freed your Birth Sire did I not? I have stood back
  and watched you blossom under Vincent's love and care. I will do the same for
  any Kin that give you the chance you seek a chance to continue to live. Come,
  I will take you to my Sire, he slumbers, but he hears all that is said here." He
  gently led Christian to the figure that sat, cold and silent as the guardian
  of all that was within this place. "Father," he kissed the boy's forehead as
  he supported him as he stood before the silent sleeper. "I know this is not
  the happy occasion that I had so wanted it to be when I brought you news that
  your son, and my brother, Horus's Childe is alive and strong. Even now, he
  guards what is left of my lair. Let my brother know, if he is with you, that
  his Childe has grown strong and whole." There was no shame in the tears that
  he shed now. "Sire, please, watch over my Husband, and my Grand-Childe, protect
  them as you do all that I leave in your keep." He turned to look at Lerion,
  as the young Kin looked down at what was left of his mate. "I leave not only
  my Heart and Grand-Childe here, but my adopted son as well. Guard over him,
  and see he is not alone while he waits for him Husband to finally make it to
  him. And pray that it is many, many years yet to come before I, or, any of
  the children I still have living, are forced to return here. I leave you now,
  as I always do when I come here, with another large piece of my heart, guard
  it well." 
 * * * 
 When they returned to what was left of their lair, they began the heat-wrenching
  task of collecting all that was once alive in it. Other than the mortals that
  had been in the room with them, there was nothing to be found of them. Nothing,
  but the scent of blood everywhere. And only a few scattered pieces of flesh
  and bone, but nothing more. The entire upper part of the realm had been gutted.
  The worst part of the destruction was in the front part of the realm where
  it was becoming more and more obvious that the explosion had taken place. Those
  on the hall did not fare any better. They were all dead, everywhere Azrael
  and Selene looked, all they could find was death and destruction. 
 He was so lost in the horror and pain that Azrael almost didn't hear the
  pain filled moan. "Wait." He stopped, eyes searching the rubble. "I hear something." But
  before he could react to track down what was surely a miracle, another sound,
  one of breaking glass and a woman weeping. There was an intruder here, now
  of all times, there was an unwanted mortal. "Find him, Childe. I do not how,
  but Mark is still alive, find him. I go to see to the interloper." And Azrael
  stepped back onto the Paths. 
 Rachel struggled over the mess. She hadn't saved anyone. Nothing had changed,
  the bomb had gone off, and all around her was nothing but smoldering debris
  and death. 
 Rachel struggled over the mess. She hadn't saved anyone. Nothing had changed,
  the bomb had gone off, and all around her was nothing but smoldering debris
  and death. 
 "Tell me why, mortal, I should not kill you now." Azrael came out behind
  her, grabbing her arms, face against her throat. 
 Rachel sagged in relief. "You're alive. I was so afraid you would be dead." She
  looked back at him. "I'm sorry, I tried to make it here in time." 
 Azrael spun her around to face him. "What do you mean, 'you tried'?" His
  voice thundered at her. "What do you know of this?" He swore that if she were
  any part in this devastation, he would make her Kin, and let her die in agony,
  of starvation or the sun as her only end. A fitting death for someone, who
  caused so, much pain. 
 Rachel tried to pull away, forgetting his strength. "No, I didn't do this,
  I couldn't do this. Listen to me, Azrael, please listen to me." 
 His nails bit into the flesh on her arms, drawing blood. "How do you know
  my name?" 
 She cried out in pain, "I know you all. I've known you for almost six years
  now." She fell to the ground as Azrael released her. 
 "How do you know us?" 
 "You've been living in my head for so long. Please believe me, I would never
  hurt you. I tried to stop this, but I didn't make it in time." She rubbed her
  arms, wiping at the blood that ran down them. 
 Azrael looked down at her. She couldn't mean what she was saying. She had
  to be deranged. "You know me, you say? Then, tell me, 'mortal', who is my husband?" His
  heart contracted. He had no husband now. Loki was dead. 
 She closed her eyes at the raw, seeping emotions she saw in his eyes. "Loki," she
  whispered. "Loki was the Keeper of Your Heart." Then she looked at Selene. "You
  are his Childe, and it was you that he asked to kill him." She began to tremble
  as Azrael lifted her back to her feet. 
 "Do not do anything foolish, mortal. The only thing that saves you from
  death is, I want to know how you can do this." 
 Rachel nodded, looking up at him, sadness clear in her eyes, but oddly enough,
  no fear. "I understand. I knew the risks I was taking when I came here." 
 "Then you are either very courageous, or very mad." He took her arm again,
  refraining from hurting her a second time. "Or perhaps you are both." He looked
  to Selene. "Come Childe, Mark is still alive, pray let us see to him." He nodded
  to Rachel. "Take this one, and see that she is put where she can cause no more
  pain in my lair. Soon enough I will bring my pet, and will attend to her, but
  for now, I must see to Mark." 
 He pulled the burned remains of a couch from the body. Fearing that death
  would take another from him even as he struggled to make it to the battered
  form. "Mark?" Fangs flashing as he ripped his wrist open. "Do not die on me." He
  cradled the boy against him as Mark drank. 
 Mark rested there against him. "Master, what happened?" 
 Azrael just held the boy to him, rocking him gently. "An explosion. I though
  you all were dead." He looked into the warm, alive, eyes of his pet. "You were
  all dead, I do not understand how I missed you." He sobbed, holding Mark protectively. "But
  I am so glad I was wrong." He carefully lifted the boy in his arms, hushing
  a cry of pain as he touched Marks back. "Sleep, my love, sleep." Mark had broken
  his back. Azrael knew the pain that his, now oh so precious, pet would feel
  as the blood healed him. Better to just let him slumber for now. Enough pain
  had been felt this day, enough pain for the next several million years. If
  he could in anyway block any of those left in his lair from feeling anymore,
  he would. 
 * * * 
 "I am not as powerful as Azrael is, but if you don't fight my will, it won't
  hurt you. Go over there, and sit, he will be back soon enough, and we will
  then find out who and what you are. Just sit there and be quiet. Enough pain
  for today." Selene nodded to the partially cleared spot on the floor. Rachel
  nodded and went to obey. Not fighting, not resisting. She had known the dangers
  when she came here. 
 * * * 
 Rachel looked up as Azrael returned with Mark. He, with, a careless wave,
  cleared a path through the destruction, nodding as what remained of his chair
  righted, itself, "he's alive." It was a soft whisper one of joy and, disbelief. "But,
  he was supposed to be dead. I saw him die." 
 "Then I must thank the fates that you were wrong." Azrael stroked the mortals,
  in his arms, hair. "Of all my cherished pets, at least I still have him." 
 "I was wrong." She buried her face into her hands as she wept. "Thank God,
  I was wrong." 
 Azrael looked up at her. "Yes, Thank God. You were wrong." The anger, the
  emptiness of any other emotion in his voice was so painful. Had it not been
  for the fact that he was being honest, and he was truly happy that Mark had
  lived, it would be for too painful for her to bear. "Now, mortal, tell me,
  who are you, and how it is that you knew of us?" 
 Rachel looked down, now it was time. She would have to explain all she knew
  to this one. Try to make him hear her through the pain she knew he felt. "I'm
  no one." 
 Azrael shook his head. "A, no one, would not be where you are now. A, no
  one, would have never known what you do, or if they had a, no one, would have
  never risked what you are risking to be here." He nodded to Selene. "Childe,
  return her will to her." He looked back at Rachel "Come to me." 
 Rachel struggled to stand, keeping her eyes locked to Azrael's. "I'm sorry." She
  wouldn't cry. Begging would do her no good. If, he were planning to kill her,
  she would die. There was nothing she could do about it. But she wouldn't cry. 
 "Who are you? How is it that you came to be here, how is it that you know
  us?" 
 She stood there. Looking at the man that had lived in her dreams for so,
  long, before trying to find the words to answer his question. "Rachel, Ray,
  Turner. And as to how I know what I know, I've been living with all of you
  in my head since Megel deiced to come back to you, over six years ago." She
  wouldn't beg, wouldn't cry, but not all the self-control in the world could
  stop her from trembling. 
 Azrael looked at her, she wasn't lying, he knew that, and she wasn't insane,
  she knew them. "You knew the truth, and you did not expose us?" 
 Rachel made a sobbing laugh, "expose you to who, no one would have believed
  me if I tried to tell them that the characters out of my books were real." She
  bit back a wail. "And even if I could have found someone to believe me, I,
  I just couldn't hurt you, not like that." She, wrangled, her hands together. "I
  feel everything you feel, I hurt, oh god did I hurt, when Tori and Sapphire
  died. I swear, I didn't have anything to do with the Renegade that sent the
  bomb, I only wanted to stop what happened." 
 'Renegade'  . The word sent chills down his spine.
  The mortal had said that it was a Renegade that had hurt him so. "Listen to
  me, Rachel, your life might very well be decided with the next words you speak.'
  His voice was tight. "Are you sure it was a Renegade and not some deranged
  mortal madman that did this. And if you are sure, are you able to give me his
  name." 
 She grabbed her one chance. If Azrael felt he owed her something, if he
  felt that she had helped him in his vengeance, she might live. "I don't know
  the name of the Renegade, Azrael, but I do know who he is connected to. And
  yes, I'm sure. If what I have running through my head is right, and he was
  the one to send the bomb, to kill so many of his own kind. I am sure he's a
  Renegade." 
 He nodded his head, just once, before looking back at her. "We will discuss
  the identity of the Renegade soon enough. But first, answer me this. We had
  a phone. You could have saved so many had you only used it. Why did you not?" 
 "I tried, but I kept getting an answering service. I can only think that
  most of the lair was either, gone or asleep. I couldn't get through. If I had,
  I'd probably still be here, but so would so many others. But I never got through,
  believe me I tried, so many times, I tried." She swallowed the lump in her
  throat. "You have become my life, and through you, everyone else. Even with
  Sapphire and William. Once you knew that Gabriel was alive, and found him.
  Once he was known to you, all his past was too." 
 Azrael looked at her. She had been living in his mind. She had lived with
  everything he knew. *So little, mind thief. Tell me this. Why
  are you here? *   Azrael's thoughts flowed over her. 
 *Because, *   she, fought to maintain her reason. *I,
        *   she knew that she was going to lose it, and could
        do nothing about it. *I love you. *   She
        finally lost her battle with her tears as she broke down and cried .
        *I love you, I love Loki, I, love you all. I just couldn't stand back
        and watch you all die. Please, Azrael, you know I'm telling the truth.
        You know I can't lie like this. Please, oh please, believe me. I love
        you. I love you so much. *  
 Azrael looked up, seeking out his youngest. "Topaz, Childe, come and take
  Mark from me." He handed the still unconscious young man to her. Before turning
  back to Rachel, motioning her to come close. "Come here." He felt her body
  tremble as he pulled her into his arms. "Do not fear me, girl, I will not harm
  you." 
 Rachel tried to relax. If Azrael said that he wouldn't see her hurt, she
  had spent enough time in his head that she believed him. "I'm sorry, Azrael,
  I am so sorry. I tried, believe me, I tried to stop it." 
 He closed his eyes as her pain washed over him, adding more sorrow to what
  he already felt. "I know." He whispered. "It is that knowledge that you did
  try, and that knowledge alone, that keeps me from killing you." 
 She just sat there, leaning against him, crying. "If I had only been a few
  seconds faster." 
 Azrael fought down the need to lose control, as he lifted her face, to look
  into her eyes. "Perhaps that is true. But you were not fast enough. Do not
  let 'if only' torment your soul, child. Living with, 'If only', will only drive
  you insane. You were not fast enough, and knowing that you were willing to
  risk so much on just the slimmest of prayers, it eases the pain we share." He
  leaned forward and kissed her. "Mourn with me, little one. Mourn with me the
  loss of my hearts light." And he let all the pain find release. 
 Rachel forgot everything. She no longer cared if the man, who cried against
  her, was a vampire. She only knew that he hurt, hurt so much. "Hold me," she
  stroked his hair as he cried. "I loved, love, him too. I was so happy when
  you found him, when you made him yours, your first and most, beloved. The keeper
  of your heart." 
 He felt the tremble of her lips as he went to hide from the pain he felt.
  He did not know how it was that this, mortal, woman knew so much of what was
  in his heart and soul, but the pain in her heart, and the desperation in her
  hold testified to the honesty of what she felt. 
 Megel hated to pull his Sire's attentions back away from where he knew Azrael's
  heart hid. "Father." 
 Azrael looked up. "Leave me be Megel." 
 Megel braved a look into those haunted eyes. "I'm sorry, Father, but we
  need to go. None of our pets are left, alive, and the bodies that remain behind,
  have too many marks of violence on them. Let's burn this place down, let it
  be their funeral pyre." 
 Azrael looked around the room, taking in the horror, fully, for the first
  time. He had lost three of his own blood this night. Of the eleven Rogues who
  were with him, only four remained. All the mortals they had kept, both as pets
  and on the, Hall, were dead, save Willow, Casey, Julian, Aaron, Mark and Gabriel's
  boy William. All the rest were dead. "Yes." The hollow whisper. "Burn it down,
  burn it down and sew the soil with salt. Let nothing grow here there will never
  be life here again." 
 "I'll take care of it Azrael. Take my little sisters, my son and what is
  left of our pets, and leave this place." 
 Azrael waited only long enough for those that still lived to gather themselves. "I
  go to my other lair Megel, I have no life left here. When you are finished,
  seek us there." The vampires and mortals left in the room, vanished. 
 * * * 
 Aaron reached, to touch Lerion with such lightness of touches. "Master?" David
  was gone, both Cain and Lilith were gone too. The only one left was Christian,
  and he was with another. He was alone. 
 Lerion looked at the boy. "Come here, the Elder says that you need me to
  help you, and I know if I want to keep from losing any chance to see my love
  again, I need you." 
 Aaron let him gather him close. "Davy, he's dead. Cain too, Anna, she is
  gone, I'm alone." And he wept. "I just want to die." 
 Lerion gripped the boy, firmly by the shoulders. "No, I wasn't able to follow
  Derrick to where I released him, and you, hurt though I am sure you do. Boy,
  you're still mortal." He hadn't kissed anyone but Derrick, for so many years.
  But kiss this child he did, he was all he had to hold on to for now. He either
  had to make him seek life again, or lose any hope of ever seeing Derrick again.
  And he just couldn't do that. "I know that I'm not exactly what you imagined
  your Sire as being, but baby, I will be, if you can only hold on to life." 
 Aaron just lay against him. His mind was so confused. Was Lerion offering
  what he thought he was offering? After so many years of wanting this, now,
  after he had lost everything, was it being offered to him? "He wants you to
  make me like you, doesn't he?" And, even, softer. "You want to be my Sire?" 
 Lerion smiled at him, wiping the tears that still flowed down his cheeks. "Yeah,
  kid, I think that is what it's going to take. You need someone to take care
  of you, and I need the connection of Sire to Childe to keep me from following
  Derrick, so yes, I want to be your Sire." 
 Aaron just broke down into a fresh bout of tears. "I don't have a choice
  do I? I either say yes, or, 'he'  " he nodded to where
  Azrael sat. "He's gonna make me, isn't he?" 
 Lerion cupped his chin in his hand. "I never thought I would ever have to
  force this on another. I wanted what my Sire gave me, and I know you wanted
  what Vincent had promised you. So tell me, Aaron, is your master's death the
  death of your want as well? If I offered you this, freely, promised to see
  to you, to love you and protect you, as my own Sire had tried to protect me,
  before he died, can it in anyway, help to ease the pain you feel?" Again he
  kissed the boy. "Trust me, little one, once the change begins, you will want
  it, and me. I might not be as well trained as Vincent was, but I know enough
  to see to that." 
 * * * 
 Christian just stood there, watching the two Rogues as they tried to appear
  less ominous. "So, little brother, are you still with us?" Harris tried to
  sooth him. 
 Christian wasn't listening. He was trying to work out his feelings. Why
  had he not gone with Sharra and Lilith? Vincent was dead, Shiva was dead, and
  he was alone again. Why had he not been able to just seek out the protection,
  he knew Sharra would have given him? 
 He knew why. Pain or no, he still owed Azrael too much to leave. The elder
  Kin had saved him, freed his first Sire's soul, and enabled him to find happiness
  and love again. And now, he just couldn't break away from the Ancient one.
  Not even if it meant going to another. 
 "Christian," Harris asked again. "Are you still with us?" 
 He nodded. "Did you mean what you told him?" 
 "He's still shocky." Doc observed. "Poor, kid." 
 Harris hushed Doc. "Did I mean what Christian?" 
 "That you were Vincent's friend, and I would find a place with you? I," he
  stammered. "I can't leave this place. But he," how could he explain how he
  felt? He honored the elder, loved him even, but he still frightened him with
  his intensity. 
 Harris moved to gently pull Christian close. "That depends on you, honey.
  Yes I was your Sire's friend, yes if you need my help and protection, it is
  yours, and yes, if the, Coven Master, agrees to what he had promised us, I
  will take you as my Childe." He made shushing noises as he pulled him close. "Come
  on, Childe, let me help you. If you need to grieve before you go on, honor
  the man who had supported you, then do so. Come, and mourn with Doc and I." 
 * * * 
 Topaz pressed her face into Selene's blouse. "Loki, he died." She just lay
  there, sobbing. "My Father, is, dead." It was all too much for her. First Torin
  and Sapphire and, now, Loki. Bad enough, to, lose so many of her friends but
  to lose Loki too. 
 Selene just held her younger Kin closer. Eyes looking up to where Azrael
  was still hiding in the strange woman's arms. "Azrael?" 
 Azrael didn't look up, could not pull away from where he was. "What?" 
 "Is this realm laid out as the other was? If I take my little sister here,
  and go to grieve, where do we need to go?" 
 "The same place you would have just yesterday. This lair I was having it
  built so that I could, one day, bring my Covenstead here. It has more space,
  but otherwise, it is a exact copy of what used to be my lair." He lifted his
  face, just long enough to take in the sights before him. "If you will wait
  for me, I will join you in your grief." He pulled Rachel up, hushing her cries.
  Before moving to stand. Gathering Rachel back to him. "Come, we will take this
  to my chambers," then to the, crying, mortal in his arms. "Will you come with
  us, Rachel, join in my grief for my lost love?" He bent to kiss her again. "Will
  you be my pet? Allow me to start filling the hole in my heart that my lovely
  precious ones once did." 
 Rachel pressed back into his grip. 'You know I will, but," how could he
  want to share anything with her. She had seen each of those he had claimed,
  each was so pretty, even Jenna had been so pretty in her own way. "You don't
  have too Azrael. I'll be with you. I can't pull away, now. Not with as much
  as we both hurt. But you don't have to tie yourself to me like that." 
 Azrael looked at her, frowning. "You are afraid. You, who have lived in
  my heart and mind for so long, you are afraid." 
 Rachel just shook her head, eyes lifting to look with Azrael's, knowing
  that it would help. "No, not afraid, or at least not much. It's just that." She
  looked down. "I know what you chose as pets, Azrael, and I'm not it." 
 Anger flared in Azrael as he looked down at Rachel. "What do you mean, you
  are not it? 
 "Look at me Azrael. 'Look'   at me. If you did what
  you say you're going to do, then what you see, is what you're going to have
  to look at for the next hundred and fifty odd years." 
 Azrael looked at her again. "I do not understand." 
 "I'm fat. And even Jenna was prettier than I am. You're asking me to let
  you make me into one of your pets, and I still can't believe that you are willing
  to even look at me. 
 He swore to himself as he moved to follow his two from the room. "Hush." He
  tightened his hold on her. Refusing to say anything else until he could get
  her where he wanted her to be. "Selene, love, is your pet going to be all right?" 
 "He is sleeping right now, like Mark, he was so hurt. But I have faith that
  just like, Mark once he wakes, he will be just fine." 
 Azrael nodded. "Then, leave him sleeping, and come." 
 * * * 
 The room was cold as he led the two women in with him. "Soon enough, the
  heat will warm this room." He lay Rachel on the bed. "And until then, we will
  keep you warm." He still hurt, hurt so much, but with this one, he could hide
  from the pain and share his love for his beloved hearts light. "I will make
  you mine Rachel. If you, as you say, know all that I feel, you must know that
  I will never turn you out. I will hold, and shield you from all that you cannot
  bear." He lay a single finger on her lips to silence her next protest. "You
  are not, fat. I have held, loved, and cared for pets that, by the modern day
  standards were obese. The curves of your form, they do no more than offer a
  extra softness." He pulled away, removing the remains of his shirt. "I will
  not force you to me. But will you allow me to hide with my grief and love,
  in your softness." 
 Rachel looked up at him, chewing on her bottom lip. She had wished for something
  like this for so long. Had wanted this, never believing it would be hers, and
  at what a great cost. "You won't have to force me, Azrael, believe, me, you
  won't have to force anything. But," she looked at anything but him. "Just so
  you know, the closest thing to sex I ever had, was what I shared with you all,
  in my mind." 
 Azrael paid no attention as both Selene and Topaz went to, share, their
  love and their grief with each other. He sat next to her reaching out to touch
  her cheek. "To be a maid, a virgin, and live as you did with my feelings and
  the feelings of so many here. I can only offer to put an end to your questions.
  Would that I could, I would turn back time to remove the pain in your eyes." He
  pulled her up into his arms, moving to pull her top from her body. The fastenings
  of her bra came away quickly in his hand as he bent to capture her lips with
  a kiss. One of both love and loss intermingled. 
 She moaned as Azrael pulled her bra away, at last. The feelings of his hands
  on her breasts as he went to caress her heavy bosom. She could feel his pain
  as his soul purged itself of it, even as he moved to pull the remainder of
  her clothes from her. He was, so loving, as he made love to her body. Hands
  moving to touch and caress even as his mouth found her lips again. "Be, mine,
  Rachel." And he sank his fangs into the flesh just above her left breast. 
 Rachel cried out so loud and so hard that it was near a scream. She had
  thought, after, what she had felt with, so many of the others when they were
  like this. She understood what it felt like. But now she could do nothing but
  lie under him, lost in the indescribably joy. Her hips rose against the loving
  hand that stroked there. 
 Azrael felt the feeling of metal even as he pushed her back, still kissing
  her breast as he licked the wound. "Was this your idea, or were you swayed
  with Sapphire's wants?" He pressed a little firmer as he caught her clitoris
  between his fingers and the hardness of the metal. "Did you decorate yourself
  like this before, or, after you learned through, Sapphire, the joy it can bring?" 
 She moaned, pushing her pelvis even further into his hand. "After." 
 "So, do you know, first hand, the joy?" 
 Rachel moved a hand to work its way under Azrael's fingers, stroking herself. "Yes." She
  closed her eyes, moaning. "I had to, what I was feeling was driving me nuts.
  Most of all, when you were with her." 
 "So, you share the same wants as my Childe once did." He brushed her fingers
  away to return to touching her. 
 "No," she whimpered low in her chest, body melting as she had her first
  orgasm. 
 "Then what, pet, what was it about my time with Sapphire that moved you
  to respond as you did?" His hand lifted from her sex, tracing a line up her
  belly to her breasts with a single finger. 
 She captured his hand in hers, lifting it to kiss the fingers, tasting herself
  on them as she slowly pulled each in her mouth, one by one. "You." She held
  on to his hand. "I wish I was you." 
 He pulled away long enough to finish undressing before returning to her
  side. "Alas, pet, you cannot, be, me." His hands returned to making love to
  her body as his mouth pressed against hers. "But you can, be, with me." 
 Azrael moved to love this one in such a way that she had never experienced.
  She had lived in his mind for so long, knew so many of his caresses, he would
  show her a different experience. For, this young woman under him was giving
  him her maidenhood, and he would see that she would always remember how he
  took it. 
 Topaz and Selene came to share their grief with Azrael, even as he was sharing
  his with the woman in his arms. "Master." Selene whispered. 
 Azrael turned, kissing her. "Come, join me in this. Rachel, is still just
  a maid. Share your grief with us, let us purge our souls of it, on her body,
  even as we help her purge her grief on ours." 
 Rachel gasped as she felt a soft mouth on her sex, even as she felt Azrael's
  hands and mouth on her breasts. She just moaned. Lying back as Selene made
  love to her with her mouth. 
 Azrael caught her lips with his again, before pressing his face against
  her cheek. "Close your eyes, pet. Just close your eyes, and feel." He held
  her, kissing her, as his fingers began to move over her skin. Lightly tracing
  over the warm flesh under them. Bending to softly take a nipple in his mouth
  as his lips joined the play over her body. 
 Selene looked up at Azrael's touch. "Go, share your kisses with her." 
 Selene moved up Rachel's body, cupping her ample breasts. This one under
  her hands had to be at least a cup size larger than she was, if not two. She
  buried her face in the softness, mouth moving to latch on to the nipple, before
  moving up to her mouth. 
 Rachel cried against Selene's lips as she felt soft lips on her ankle, teeth
  raking lightly at the tendon behind her heel. 
 Azrael smiled softly to himself as he felt her jerk. Yes, he could find
  a release to his pain in her. And he could claim her as his as he did so. 
 He moved up her body slowly, altering from one leg to the other as he did
  so. Chuckling to himself at, the, near sob that slipped from her as he kissed
  the skin behind her knee. Feeling her tremble under him as he neared his goal. "Hold
  her for me Childe." He touched her mound, briefly, brushing away the dust that
  had, once, been her pubic hair, as he lowered his mouth to her. 
 Rachel cried out jerking against Selene's hold. Her body shook with each
  slow powerful touch of his tongue on her. She wanted to pull him up and give
  herself to him, but she couldn't pull away from Selene. The woman held her
  wrist against her body. "Oh, please." They couldn't keep doing this, if she
  didn't go farther, soon, she would go mad. 
 Azrael moved to slip a finger into her virginal opening, pressing against
  the barrier that was there, prodding against it lightly for just a moment,
  before pulling, his hand away just long enough to put two fingers together,
  before returning to her. This time, thrusting hard enough to rupture her hymen,
  listening to her cry out against Selene's lips. He kept thrusting gently as
  he licked all traces of her maidens' blood from her. 
 Rachel struggled against Selene's grip as Azrael made his way up her body,
  mouth and hands still loving her as he came up. Rejoicing, as he lifted a single
  hand to touch Selene's, signaling to let her free. 
 Azrael held her to him as she thrust herself against him. "Give me you hand,
  dear." He moaned under her kiss. Taking the hand she had offered. He lowered
  it to his erection. "Know me, know what I offer you. Know how you have effected
  me." 
 Rachel looked down at the hardness in her hand. She had always known short
  or no, Azrael wasn't a small man. But here, now, suddenly she felt unsure. 
 "I will not hurt you Rachel." Azrael had read the question in her eyes. "I
  will never hurt you, like this." And he smiled at her, pressing himself against
  her hand, moaning softly at the feel of fingers tightening on him. "Besides,
  it would not look good in print." He gently parted her legs with one hand as
  his other was using a nail to open a wound at the base of his throat "Now,
  be with me." He thrust down even as he pulled her mouth to his throat. Feeling
  her pull herself up against him as he made love to her. Feeding her as much
  of his self that he dared, flushing the pain and loss through her even as he
  pulled hers, grounding it in him. 
 Rachel just held him, sobbing into his hair as her body answered his call
  again. It felt so wonderfully, delightful, and hurt so much at the same time.
  She knew that it wasn't any physical pain, but a pain that went much farther.
  A pain she knew she would never fully stop feeling, just as she knew this man,
  who was, loving, her so gently, would never stop hurting. 
 * * * 
 Megel tried to calm his Childe down. "Ssshh, I know Shadow, I know." They
  were alone. For the first time in so long, they were alone, save Julian. One
  of the five pets that, had, lived through the blast. Megel didn't want to think
  of tomorrows right now. Didn't want to worry about having to collect more for
  what they needed. He still hurt too much from the loss of both Cain and his
  four other loves. He thanked what ever Gods there were out there, that Shadow
  hadn't been forced to struggle under the weight of not only his brothers death,
  but that of Julian's as well. He knew how much Shadow loved the boy. He was
  not even four yet, and already he had plans to make Julian his Childe one-day. 
 "Master?" Julian laid a hand on Megel's arm. "Is Shadow okay?" 
 "No, Julian, your Master is not, okay. He not only lost his brother, but
  the four loves he had. You are all he has left, other, than me. He has told
  me, young, or no, you are his Chosen. As such, help me to see him through this." 
 Julian just looked at Shadow. He was Chosen. Shadow had chosen him. Megel
  was right, he had to do something to help his master. "Shadow," he pulled himself
  against him. "Master. Be with me now. Please, be with me." 
 "With you," Shadow kissed him. "Baby, I'm always with you." He held the
  boy in his arms, crying with him, suffering such pain and loss. Cain, Vincent,
  and Loki, as well as his friends were gone. The only thing that kept him from
  going totally mad was that Topaz hadn't been killed. *Father,
  *   the pain weary thoughts touched Megel. 
 *Yes, Shadow. *  
 *Why didn't you call Azrael's Brood? Or Isis, he would have
        liked to have the Lady Isis here with him. *   Even in
        pain, suffering as his Childe was. Shadow still sought to care for his
        Sire's needs. 
 *The only reason I called them all the first time was that
        we had lost one of us. And as such, I knew that Azrael was going to need
        all his Brood for support. This time, it wasn't like the last. My sibs
        supported Loki because Azrael needed him. They don't live with them,
        hadn't seen how much Azrael had blossomed since mating with Loki, Isis
        saw it, and was pleased. For the first time in over three thousand years,
        my Father had someone that due to his very nature could not grow out
        of needing him. And yet Loki had lived for so long alone, and could live
        alone again if need be. Izabo and Ariel might understand what our Sire
        is going through, but the others, I am afraid my other brothers aren't
        quite as understanding. *   He kissed the top of Shadow's
        head . *But enough, worrying for now. Grieve my love grieve.
        *   And he supported Shadow between him and Julian while
        the young Kin wept. 
 * * * 
 William lay over Gabriel, head resting on his chest. "You all can die. I
  almost lost you today." He whispered. "I mean I know you can die, but I never
  realized that something other than another vampire and the sun or fire could
  kill you." 
 Gabriel just lay there, listening to his words. Knowing that he didn't have
  to try to find the words to express himself. He knew William felt the same
  as he, and was better with words than he was. So he let his lover give their
  pain voice. 
 William sat up, looking down at him. "Gabriel." 
 Gabriel opened is eyes to the sound of his Gift Name coming from William. "Yes,
  love?" 
 William leaned down over him. "I, I can't bear to think I might ever lose
  you. I don't want to be your Chosen anymore." 
 Gabriel closed his eyes. He felt a sharp stabbing in his heart. "I will
  never leave you, love. But if you don't wish my Gift, then I won't make you
  take it." 
 William shook his head, growling softly, capturing Gabriel's face between
  his hands. "No, Gabriel, I don't want to be your Chosen anymore." The kiss
  he graced Gabriel with was desperate. "I want to be your Childe." 
 Gabriel lay there, looking up, at William. "But, beloved, we have all the
  time in the world. I want you to finish healing from the past hurts you suffered." 
 "I have. Please Gabriel. Be, my Master, make me your Childe. Let me call
  you Sire and Father. I don't want to wait any longer. I want to be yours so
  that if you ever leave me, I can follow you." 
 Gabriel pulled him close, turning to pin him underneath him. "Then, my love
  be mine." And his fangs sank into William's throat. 
 * * * 
 Lerion held Aaron to him as he felt the boy shudder against him. He had
  been so open with his grief and need for love this time, almost demanding in
  his responses. "Please, Lerion, Master, make me yours. Please don't make me
  have to wait any longer." Aaron pressed his mouth against the side of Lerion's
  face. His hands moving frantically up his body. "Please, be my Father." 
 Lerion caught his face in his hands, kissing the frail mortal in his arms. "You
  want to be my Childe?" He smiled at the younger man. "I know this is not what
  you had imagined your rebirth as being, but then again, we didn't imagine the
  hell that we have all lived through either." 
 Aaron reached pulling at Lerion's head trying to pull his, new masters,
  mouth down to his throat. "I can't die. So I have to go on, and without Davy,
  I can't. Please, give me something and someone else to focus on, to love." 
 *Then, hold on to me baby, hold, on to life, and live. *   And
  his fangs sank deep into the flesh at Aaron's throat. Drawing on the boy's
  life, readying him for the Gift that Lerion so wanted to give him. 
 Lerion held Aaron close as the boy died. *Ssshh, don't be afraid,
        Wolf. I won't leave you, not now, not ever. You are my First-Born, and
        I must say, you make a fine one. *   He pulled his new
        Fledglings mouth to his throat, closing his eyes as felt Wolf's new fangs
        find purchase there. *Drink, baby, drink, so that, you're
        death doesn't hurt you so much. *  
 *It hurt's Father. *  
 The tremors in Wolf's body spoke of great, blinding pain. 
 "Ssshh, I know honey. It hurts me too." He lay there, holding his new Childe,
  his First-Born to him as he felt the boy die. "Goodbye Aaron, when you rise
  again, you will be Wolf. But just go to sleep, for now, let your body finish
  dying." 
 Wolf, lay, there, body wracked in painful spasms as he cried. It hurt so
  much. He had never thought that dying could hurt so much. Other than in the
  very beginning, David had never hurt him. And once he had proven his love and
  willingness to be loved, he had felt nothing but happiness and contentment.
  Not only from David, but Anna and Christian as well. And here now, like this,
  it wasn't David, who he clung to crying with painful death spasms, but Lerion,
  his new master, Sire, and protector, who supported him. 
 The death of so many of those he had loved tore at him as he died. First,
  David, then Billy and Mat, then, on to so many other of his friends and companions.
  He didn't know why he lived, when so many others had died. But as he felt his
  consciousness, begin, to dim, and he felt himself begin to finally die. He
  was glad that he had been one of the lucky ones. 
 Lerion lay there, cradling the lifeless body of what had been a child in
  so much pain, that he was willing to give himself to another, willingly, just
  to escape the hell he knew the boy had to have been living with the last few
  hours. "Forgive me, Wolf, I wish I could have taken the time to spend with
  you as my Chosen, before I made you my Childe." And like every other Sire that
  he had ever heard of, he wept over the body in his arms. 
 * * * 
 Rachel felt herself open as she lost herself in the hands and mouths. She
  had dreamed of being, here, for so long, never daring to hope that, one day,
  her dreams would ever come true. 
 Azrael looked up, catching Topaz's eyes with his. *Come, precious,
        lay under her, as I love her. Share this with me. *  
 Topaz moved, pressing Rachel back against Azrael as she went to love her.
  Her eyes catching Rachel's. "Ray, wanna share this with me?" 
 She caught her breath in her chest as she felt Azrael, pull, her back against
  him. She knew what he was going to do to her now. And instead of frightening
  her as she felt his hands caressing the skin of her buttocks, it only made
  her more excited and aroused. She knew that here, like this, no one would hart
  her. Not only would it not hurt, but also, with as tight as she was, it would
  feel wonderful. "Yes." eyes closed as the feel of a gentle, thrusting, finger
  took her. "Yes, Mistress." She cried out softly as she felt Azrael move to
  take the last mark of her virginity from her. Loving her like this, oh so gently. 
 Topaz twisted, pulling Rachel's hips down even as Azrael moved to fill her.
  Feeling a shy, tentative mouth on her sex, as she felt Azrael's newest pet
  began to return her loving. 
 She cried out against the wetness of Topaz's sex as Azrael's thrust with
  brutal passion. "You are mine." He held her hips as he took her. "Now and forever,
  you are mine." And again she felt his teeth sink into the base of her throat,
  feeding on her blood, as he fed her senses. 
 *Yes! *   Her mind and soul cried out to his,
  as she lost herself in the waves of heat that he was bringing up in her. 
 Azrael held Rachel as she cried. "Ssshh, pet, hush." 
 She lifted her head to look down at him. "Tell me again, Azrael, tell me
  that I won't wake up and find out that this was all a dream. Tell me, you really
  do want me, that I'm not too ugly and fat for you." 
 He reached and touched her cheek. "Hush, I never want to hear those words
  in reference to yourself, out of your mouth, ever again. Yes, you are mine.
  I will love you, always. And one day, after Selene can stand without my blood,
  I will make you my Childe. You are connected to me. Connected in ways that
  frighten me. I could never allow you to die. I could never lose my last link
  to the love I share for my beloved. You will be my Childe. Be willing to be
  mine for all eternity, and we will, together, face what ever life has to bring
  us." 
 She looked at him, her lips trembling as she threw herself against him.
  She was his Chosen, now. She would become what she had felt for so long. She
  would be Kin, one of the Vampyr. "I'm going to be your pet?" She kissed the
  flesh of his chest, tears of both joy and loss, flowing from her eyes. 
 "No, Rachel, Mark and Willow are my pets. You are my Chosen, my slave. You
  will be collared, and for the first several weeks sleep in a room, behind a
  locked door." He pulled at a loose curl, smiling as she looked up at him. "You
  will be my most cherished of all things. You will be my Chosen, and one day,
  you will be my Childe." 
 His slave; he was going to make her his slave. She began to tremble, Sapphire
  had been his slave, and she could still remember the feelings she had had when
  Azrael had gone to master his slave. 
 Azrael heard and felt her fears even as she began to cry. "No, Rachel, you
  are not, Sapphire. I will never hurt you, save for punishment, and then I will
  be very hard on you indeed. The rest at least have the excuse of ignorance.
  You who live, as you do, with my hopes and dreams, you know." He felt her tremble
  against him as he pulled her close, kissing her. "But, I have faith that knowing
  me as you do, I will have few reasons in truth to ever feel need to censor
  you. I cannot see anyone who has lived as you have for so long, protecting
  the secret that you held, ever stepping wrong." 
 Selene pulled away from where she lay with Topaz. "Father?" 
 "You heard me correctly, Childe. I too heard your Sire's dying wish, and
  I love you both too much to deny him his last wish." He eased Rachel from him
  as Selene pulled close. "Do I have to remind you to hold onto your life as
  I do this? To keep your word to Loki, even as I do, and hold on to life?" 
 She lay there, with him, pressing against his frame with her whole being. "No,
  Master, I know not to fade." 
 Azrael looked to Rachel. "Go, little one, go be with your Mistress for now.
  Allow me to keep a promise I made to, my husband," he stroked her cheek. "To,
  Loki." 
 Topaz pulled away, kissing Rachel. "I need to go for now. Zeph needs me,
  he hasn't had time to grieve for our loss." She looked down, fighting back
  the tears that were still so close to the surface. "I have grieved, but Zephyr
  and Cerberus, they didn't stay earlier, and they will need to grieve too." 
 "It's okay, I understand." Rachel pulled her close, kissing her just once
  more before Topaz was gone. 
 * * * 
 Cerberus looked up from where he was sitting with Zephyr as Topaz appeared
  in the room. "What has happened?" He watched the two young lovers fall into
  each other's arms. Topaz crying against Zephyr's chest. 
 "Nothing much, Azrael moved us, Megel burned the old lair down." She felt
  his arms as he pulled both his Childe and her close. "Loki died, my Father
  is dead." She just cried against her lover. "Azrael is trying to keep living,
  but he hurts so much. I don't think he'll ever be right again. Not, even, with
  Rachel, his new Chosen to support him." She hid in his love. "I'm scared, Zeph,
  I'm scared that I'm going to lose Azrael, just like I lost Loki." 
 Cerberus pulled away from them. "His new Chosen? When did this come about?
  When I took Zeph, and came lair, he only had Selene, and she was Loki's first." 
 She nodded. "Rachel, I don't know how she knew what was going to happen,
  but she is connected to Azrael in some way. She tried to make it to the lair,
  to stop the explosion, but it wasn't enough. My Father is dead, Cain and Vincent
  too." She leaned against him, crying. "All the pets we had other than Mark,
  Willow, Casey, Aaron and Julian are dead. Billy and Mat died. Aaron is with
  Lerion right now. Azrael wouldn't let him die, but if he wasn't made one of
  us, and soon, he was going to will himself to death, and Julian is with Shadow
  and Megel. Gabriel and William are together, and they are fine." 
 Cerberus reached out to stroke her hair as she rested against his Childe. "Telling
  you I'm sorry for your loss, just doesn't seem to be enough. How are the rest
  doing?" 
 She turned her head to look at him. "I don't know. I mean, I know that Aaron
  is turning to Lerion, to take the place in his soul that Vincent held, but
  Shadow is too young, so Julian isn't going to be his Childe yet, and I don't
  know how Gabriel and William are holding up. And Azrael is making Selene my
  full sister right now." 
 Cerberus knelt beside them. "Are you going to be okay, baby girl? Has your
  Sire helped you purge yourself of your grief?" 
 "Yes, he helped me with Loki, but, Cain and Vincent, they were almost like
  my brothers." 
 He pulled himself up, holding out a hand to Zephyr. "Come on love, your
  little one there, let's go and help her grieve." He looked up, to where both
  Eris and Jacob were moving to help support their little cousin. 
 "And, Darion, he can help you with saying goodbye to all the pets you lost." Zephyr
  whispered, as he let, Cerberus take her, long enough for him to stand. Before
  reaching to pull her back into his arms. "It's okay pretty girl. Trust me,
  I'll make it all okay." He let Cerberus direct him down the hall, paying no
  mind to anything but his little love in his arms. He had had to help her grieve
  once already, when Torin and Sapphire had died. And now he would help her again
  as fate treated her most unkindly. No Childe as young as she was should ever
  be expected to walk away from so much. Even some of the more damaged in his
  lair hadn't had to face what she had. "Just hold on to me sugar, just hold
  on to me." 
 * * * 
 Gabriel lay there, crying as he rocked William in his arms. He had killed
  the one person in the world that he loved more than life, more than he had
  even loved his Sire. "Sleep Hunter, sleep and rise with me tomorrow night.
  Rise, or I will follow you to where your soul has fled." Thorne was gone, Martin
  was gone, so was his daughter, Cindy, and even Sapphire, who he had loved so
  much for such a brief time, if he lost this one, he would lose his life. 
 The cold that always warned of some one coming in from the Dark Paths, gave
  Gabriel just enough warning to have him pushing William's, or Hunter's as he
  would forever think of him, back behind him. Ready to defend his love and his
  realm, if he must. 
 But it was no threat. It was only Raven. One of Cerberus's, many sons. "Peace
  cousin." He moved to sit by him on the bed. "I just heard. Topaz is with Zephyr
  right now, our Sire is helping him to help her finish grieving." He took Gabriel
  by the arms, looking into his eyes. "How are you Gabriel? How is William?" 
 Gabriel held on to his friend. "My Grand-Sire lost his lifemate, my uncle
  his Childe. Vincent is dead, Lilith has gone with Sharra, and Christian has
  gone to grieve and hide with Harris and Doc." The pain hurt so much as he cried
  against Raven. "William is dead, when he rises, he will be Hunter. This last
  horror was too much for him. He was so afraid that I would die and leave him
  alone again. So I did as he asked, I made him my Childe." He looked back at
  the still form on the bed. "I had been wanting this for him since that night
  I made him mine. But now that I have done it, what will happen if he doesn't
  rise, or if he rises wrong. What if I have to kill my Childe, Raven, he is
  my First-Born. What happens if?" He began to remove William's stained clothes,
  to clean his fussy Childe. 
 Raven reached out a hand to squeeze Gabriel's shoulder, before going to
  help with his Childe. "If nothing. He's going to be just fine. He's going to
  be better than just fine. He's going to be fabulous. The odds of the, Gift,
  not taking are incredibly slim. Trust me Gabe. Hunter will be just fine. And
  you get to join the wonderful world of the parents among us." 
 "Do you have any idea how, much, I hate that nickname? I'm going to hunt
  you down and beat the snot out of you if Hunter starts calling me that. It
  is hard enough to hear my Gift name from mortals, but if I have to hear Gabe
  from him." 
 "It could be worse, cousin, he could start calling you Gabby." Raven just
  laughed at Gabriel's look of horror. "It's going to be just fine Gabriel. He
  won't call you anything but what he is supposed to, at least not after the
  first time you punish him for his mouth." He tossed the last of the soiled
  clothing to the floor with the rest, as Gabriel began to wash William. 
 Gabriel just shook his head, violently. "No, he can call me what ever he
  wants to call me, as long as he rises with me, and rises whole. I will never
  punish him. He is my love, my life. I took him as my husband the night I made
  him mine. And now that he is Kin, it is a mating for life. I don't have a problem
  like Lerion did. He has never questioned my dominance. He is my husband first,
  and then my Childe." Gabriel tossed the dirty cloth to the floor, with the
  rest of the mess. Looking at it hard, for just a moment, before it burst into
  a quick, controlled, burst of flames. 
 Raven pushed him back. "Good. I hope that your First-Born lives up to all
  the promise you have in him. But for now, as the Childe sleeps away his death,
  I will help you, grieve my friend, grieve." And he held the weeping man to
  him. 
 * * * 
 Topaz moaned low in her chest as Zephyr's blood filled her mouth, giving
  herself into the heat, even as she felt his fangs at her throat, going to share
  a bond of not only love but of blood and commitment as well. Opening her soul
  as much as she could to his love, linking them as close as two could link that,
  did not, share a soul. Blindly reaching for his love and support as she mourned
  so many. 
 Cerberus held Eris as they watched on. "That little girl is going to be
  my boys death." He muttered to his lover. "He keeps responding to her and she
  is just so open with him. Once this latest pain begins to die down. Azrael
  and I are going to have to decide what to do about them." He watched as his
  Childe bent over Topaz, showering her with his affectionate love. "They're
  lifemated, or I, don't, know my business." 
 "I wonder how Azrael will take seeing his Childe holding what he just lost." Eris
  was a little worried. The Elder had to be suffering through unknown kinds of
  hell right now. Would he find his little Childe's love, to be a comfort, or
  a betrayal? 
 Cerberus just snorted. "If you have to wonder about that, then you don't
  know him, or me, as well as you think you do. Do you really think Azrael would
  be angry over something that he all but orchestrated? Or on the slim chance
  he was a bit miffed, you know I won't let him hurt Zeph, and if I have to protect
  Topaz just to keep my boy from being hurt, I will. But think about it for a
  moment, love. It was their new love that started the first link between us,
  and, his Covenstead. And it's been Zeph's continued love and support that let
  Azrael and Loki mourn the loss of both Torin and Sapphire in peace without
  them worrying that they were shorting her. Hell, Zeph shared a blood bond with
  her, when she was finally able to stand without Azrael. He was the first person
  she took blood from, other than her Sire. No, I might have to just come to
  terms with the fact that I'm going to be seeing very little of my boy for a
  while. Azrael will need Topaz, and she's going to need Zeph." 
 "You could always refuse to let him go." Eris just smiled at his husband
  and Sire. "That is, of course, if you are ready to put up with having all your
  sons question your sanity." 
 Cerberus pushed Eris back, grinning. "All my son's, you don't say. Are you
  my husband in this, or my Childe?" 
 Eris looked up, reaching to caress his Sire's face. "I am, now and forever,
  your Childe." He smiled as Cerberus kissed his palm. "You are my Sire, my Father,
  and I will never again hide that from the world." 
 "Good, now that you remember who I am, let's go and help your little brother
  as he helps his little girl grieve." 
CHAPTER 4 
 The boy panicked, pulling at the hand that held him. He had gone from being
  raped to here, and he knew what vampires would expect. He would die, and with
  the way the last few months had gone for him, he would probably die painfully. 
 Azrael looked up from where he and Loki still held Crystal's body between
  them. "What have you brought us, Megel?" 
 "We stumbled on these animals raping the boy here, and we all agreed, their
  lives are forfeit, and the only purpose they could possibly have is as feeders
  on the new Hall." Then he squeezed the boy against him gently. "As for this
  one, if Loki and you can't find a place for him with the two of you, I am sure
  that either myself, Gabriel, Harris or Lerion would be more than happy to put
  him under our protection." 
 Azrael gently passed the body of his Childe to his husband. "What is his
  name Megel?" He reached out to touch the boy's cheek, tisking as the boy pulled
  away. "Now, now, child, there is no reason for you to be afraid of me. I will
  not harm you." 
 "You, he," he tried to get away from the hands that held him. 
 "Are vampire's, yes I know what I am." Azrael smiled at the boy, the tips
  of his fangs present in his smile. 
 "The other four were caught in the act of gang raping the boy. Keep them,
  kill them, what ever, I don't care." He squeezed the boy again. "But I have
  to go and see if I can rescue another one or two. So why don't you talk to
  the boy, and see if he is something that Loki and you want as a new pet. If
  not, I am sure that either Gabriel or one of my two adopted new brothers will
  be more than happy to take him off your hands, or I will myself." And he was
  gone, leaving the boy standing there. 
 Shadow moved to where the boy stood, looking so lost and confused. "Let
  me, Grand-Sire." He ignored the four men who stood there looking as lost and
  confused as the boy looked. "Hi," he grinned at the boy. "My name's Shadow,
  yours?" 
 "Ju-Justin." He stood there, trembling. "I'm going to die, ain't I?" 
 "Yeah in the next hundred and fifty years or so." He took Justin by the
  arm and moved to sit with him. "Now, listen to me. I'm going to help explain
  things to you. I wish Maria were still alive. She helped me when I first came
  here, and I'm sure she would have helped you. But she isn't. That is one of
  the reasons we had to get you. Our old realm blew up and most of the mortals
  in our realm died. So Megel went out with Gabriel Harris and Lerion to see
  if they could find a few more that we can keep here." 
 Justin looked at him, lip trembling. "He," he looked to where Azrael had
  returned to sit with Loki. "He's going to?" 
 Shadow, Mark and William laughed. "Yes, he will. But don't be afraid, he
  won't hurt you. For the first time, you will be completely safe." He touched
  Justin's cheek. "Please believe that, if you can't believe anything else, you
  are safe here. No one will ever hurt you again. Azrael won't let them." But
  try as he might, he just couldn't seem to reach the boy. 
 Azrael looked up from where he supported his newest Childe in her slumber. "Bring
  the boy here." 
 "Yes, Master." Shadow took Justin's hand. "Come on baby, whether Megel,
  Gabriel or one of the other two takes you as their pet, Azrael is still the
  Master of this realm." He pulled Justin to where Azrael sat. "Sorry, Master.
  I used to be so much better at talking them down." 
 "The easy acceptance of your pet has spoiled you." The elder vampire looked
  at the boy who stood there, shaking so violently. "I do not have the time or
  patience to allow you to gradually come to accept your new life here. So I
  give you two choices. You can bend to me willingly, or I will dominate you
  and bring you to me that way." Then he looked over to the other four men, who
  were all looking around, frantically, looking for a place to hide. "As for
  the four of you. Willing or not, this child is now a pet in my lair, and I
  will see you all punished for the harm you did him. No one harms any pet of,
  my, domain." He pulled himself up, reaching for Justin, tisking at him again
  as he pulled away. "Now, I have told you already that I will not harm you.
  But if you continue to fight me, I will be forced to." And he brought his will
  down on the boy. "You are mine." He stroked the boy's cheek. "Do you understand
  me, child? You are mine." 
 "Yes. 
 "Yes, Master." Again his will brushed against the boy's. "Say, yes master,
  pretty pet." He captured the boy's face between his hands, pulling him forward
  to kiss him softly. Smiling to, himself, as he heard Justin moan as he did
  so. "Now, pretty one, do you understand me? Will you bend or must I force you?
  I would rather not force the issue, but I will." 
 "Yes, Master." Justin's voice was soft as he tried to break away from the
  hold that this man had on him. Fear growing as he found, that, he couldn't
  look at anything, but the eyes that were holding his gaze. "Please," his voice
  cracked. "Master." 
 "Hush, Justin." Again soft lips against his, coaxing a response. "Will you
  give yourself to me willingly, or shall I take your will?" His hand roamed
  down the boy's body. "Answer me, pet." 
 Justin was finally able to close his eyes. This was so horrifying. He had
  been living on what he made blowing guys for almost two years, and now, first
  he had several of his regular tricks decide that they weren't happy with just
  blowjobs anymore, and in the middle of being raped by them, he was rescued
  by a bunch of vampires. And now these vampires were going to make him live
  with them, going to feed off of him, and if the kisses were any warning, they
  would do a lot more than just feed off of him. He was going to have to either
  say, yes, or he knew that this man, the one that had given him a choice, would
  make him agree. "I-I give. I won't fight," he looked up at Azrael. "Just, please,
  don't hurt me." He began to cry as Azrael pulled him close. "Please," he swallowed
  back the scream that threatened to erupt from him. "Please," he cried softly. "Master." 
 Azrael made a soft shushing noise as he pulled the boy even farther into
  his arms. "Shadow, take Mark and Casey, and see to those things, they need
  to be dealt with." And a cold, heartless, glint sparked in his eyes. "And,
  love, if they try to fight you, by all means, hurt them." 
 "Gladly." Shadow grabbed one of the men. "You were the one that was hurting
  Justin. Weren't you?" He painfully squeezed the, mans, arm. "Hey, Hunter. I
  know you can't feed from anyone but Gabriel right now, but I bet you can come
  up with all kinds of things to pay this asshole back." 
 "Absolutely." William pulled himself up. *What has Gabriel
        told you about my past? *  
 *Nothing, *   Shadow's thoughts were comforting. *He,
        didn't, have too. There, isn't, a one of us, here, that didn't feel what
        happened to you when you died last night. It's okay, that happened a
        long time ago, and it happened to a different person. *  
 *I know that *.   He grabbed the man that Shadow
  was restraining. "So, you like to hurt kids? I don't like you." He liked the
  terror that was in, the, mans face as he bared his fangs at him. 
 "Take him and leave, Hunter." Azrael was very conscious of the fear in the
  room. "I do not care what you do to them, as long as you try not to kill them.
  But you need to take them out of here. The longer they remain. The more my
  newest pet fears them. I will not have him frightened more than he already
  has been." 
 William just inclined his head to Azrael as he moved to pull the man from
  the room. Laughing, at, the man's struggles and cries. 
 In a matter of moments, Shadow, Casey and Mark had followed William from
  the room, dragging begging men with them. "There." Azrael released Justin,
  returning to the body on the floor. "Relax Justin, I promise you that those
  animals will never touch you again. You have nothing to fear, never again.
  Ask Willow there, or if you need, you may ask one of my boy's, Mark or Casey,
  as soon as they return. Neither, my, love or myself have ever harmed a pet
  in our care. Never, for anything, but, punishment. And trust me child, you
  have earned no punishment." 
 Justin stood there, watching as his, now, master cradled the naked woman
  in his arms. "What's wrong with her?" He watched her, and couldn't see any
  rise and fall of her chest. "She's dead, ain't she?" 
 "Yes, and no, Justin." Azrael bent to kiss his newest Childe as she lay
  against him. "This is Crystal, she is one of the reasons I am being forced
  to replace my pets so quickly. When she rises, she will be like us and a vampire." He
  held up a hand at Justin's fearful cry. "No, child, you are safe. Until both
  she and Selene, are no longer, dependent, on Loki, and I, you are safe from
  their hunger. And, once I feed from you and bind you to me, you will not suffer
  from any blood loss you suffer from feeding my hunger." 
 "Bind me to you?" 
 Azrael handed his Childe back to Loki before rising to move to him again. "Do
  not fear me, Justin. Fear is not your friend here. I am not the only one to
  have a newly born Childe in my lair. Fear is sweet, for us, and they will respond
  to your fears, and if they do, both they and yourself will suffer for it." He
  pulled the boy close. "Will you put down your fears or shall I take it from
  you?" He cupped the boy's face, gazing into his eyes. "Such lovely eyes. You
  make only the third pet I have ever claimed, that was both male and had such
  lovely green eyes." He felt the tremor in Justin's body as his mouth closed
  over his again, his tongue gently forcing its way into the boy's mouth. He
  could feel Justin trying to win over his fear. It was enough for him. The boy
  was trying to get past his fears. "Here, Justin, let me help you." Again, Azrael's
  will took over. "You are safe here, with me, you will always be safe." He felt
  the boy shudder in his arms. Felt the fear and terror drain from him, even
  as Justin lifted his arms to wrap them around Azrael's neck, pressing against
  him, mouth open and demanding. "Pity that I am unable to take you at this moment.
  But my Childe needs us both." He tilted Justin's head back, exposing his throat. "But
  take this as a promise. I will see this through, soon." And he lowered his
  head, to feed. 
 Justin cried out as he felt the first the pain and then the heat, as Azrael
  fed from him. 
 "Soon, child, I promise, soon." He gently pushed the boy from him, kissing
  him just once more. "Go, sit with Willow and Selene. They will hold you for
  now 
 * * * 
 Again the room felt the cold as, not, only Megel returned but Gabriel, Harris
  and Lerion as well. Megel supported two forms and the rest carried one each,
  and seven others lay around them. "I think we have enough, for now." He muttered
  to, himself, as he lay both mortals he held, down on an empty couch. 
 "What have you brought with you this time?" Azrael would not pull away from
  where he held his sleeping Childe. He could feel her soul as it began to stir.
  He would be with her when she finally opened her lovely gray eyes. 
 "Same as always, Master." Lerion took the youngster in his arms and went
  to sit beside his newest Childe, Wolf. "Children that had no business being
  out so late, and those," he waved his hand at the seven unconscious forms that
  lay on the floor. "They can go to join the other four to live on the Hall.
  There is not a one of them that is worth your notice." 
 "Where is Hunter?" Gabriel looked around. 
 "Gone to see if he could share his pain and his anger with the one that
  had hurt Justin so." Azrael stroked Crystal's cheek. 
 "You did remind him that he can't feed from anyone but me?" 
 "I did not have to, Shadow cautioned him when he invited him to teach that
  animal what pain truly was. I can only hope that he enjoys himself as he seeks
  revenge." 
 Gabriel just shook his head. He knew his husband, lover and Childe well
  enough to know what he was capable of doing. "Did you warn him not to kill
  the thing?" 
 "No, I asked him to try and refrain from killing him. If he kills that monster,
  so be it, I will take its remains to the Dark Paths and leave it, to feed the
  things that live there. We seem to have enough to assure that we do not have
  to do without or go hunting. What is one more or less? I think killing the
  mortal will help to put some of the pain he still feels to rest." 
 Gabriel just nodded. He had taken his Childe, who was still mortal at the
  time and sought out not only the betrayer of his trust, but the animal that
  had hurt him so badly. He still remembered the beasts' cries as he held him
  down and William beat him. The cry echoed in his head, even now, of Will crying,
  ordering the man to masturbate and asking him, over and over again, how much
  he liked it. He hadn't let him kill the beast, taking the life of the creature
  himself, feasting on the monster, and then ripping his throat out, letting
  him watch William respond to being fed, as he died. Back then William was still
  too tender. But now as Hunter, yes, now he could let his pain and hatred free
  fully. 
 "And who have you brought with you to aid you in your care for your Childe?" 
 "Her name is Jewel. I stopped her from throwing herself off the top of a
  twelve-story building. Offered her a chance to live. She was dying, dying alone
  and frightened." He smiled down at her. "You do know Grand-Sire, that we are
  fastly becoming not only a Covenstead for the lost and orphaned of the Kin,
  but at the rate we are going, a lair and haven for lost, abused, and dying
  children as well." 
 "It I could open my domain to all that need a place, grant my love and protection
  to any and all, I would. They think that we are monsters, feeding on the living.
  It is truly a shame that I would never dream of doing what some of these mortals
  are willing to do to those that are weaker, than, them. No, in this age, we
  no longer hunt. But the love and devotion that these children give us as they,
  are, at long last allowed to feel something other than hate and self-loathing
  quiets the beast in us as no hunt ever could." 
 "Azrael, love?" Loki looked up from where he sat, also holding Crystal. "Your
  Childe is stirring." 
 Azrael gathered Crystal close, shushing her cry as she came alive. "Drink,
  Childe, drink." He closed his eyes as he felt her locking on to his throat.
  Following her instincts as she fed, cooling the burning in her belly. "That
  is it, drink, I have fed already, and Loki is with us. Feed, precious, just
  feed." He stroked her hair as she wept against him. 
 It, hurt, oh god did it hurt. She had lived through Shadow's transformation,
  Tori and Sapphire's as well. And even though she had known it hurt, it didn't
  hurt her near as bad as it was hurting her now. She lay against him, body spasming
  as she cried. "Father," she murmured, fighting the agony. 
 He just sat there, rocking her as he waited for the spasms to pass. "Do
  not fight it Childe. You woke sooner than most. Your body is still dying. It
  will hurt you less if you refuse to fight it. Embrace your death." 
 "Why couldn't I be like Topaz?" She rested there, already gaining strength,
  preparing to go through the agony again. "I never felt any pain from her. One
  moment she was alive, and the next." 
 Topaz just laughed as she rested against Zephyr. "I don't think I count,
  little sister." 
 "Yes, my precious one is rather unique in her embrace, is she not?" He chuckled. 
 "Show off," she muttered. "Damn, show off." She, looked down at her body,
  it was still clean. "I think I need to go to a bathroom. If I'm still dying,
  I'd just as soon not make any mess." 
 "No, Crystal. I have already cleaned you. There will be no more of that,
  ever again." He stroked her hair. "I told you I would see to you, and I have." He
  nodded to the rug that was balled up in a corner. "I will have either Mark
  or Willow tend to its cleaning." He gathered her close as another death spasm
  took her. "Feed, Childe, it will help you." He closed his eyes, trying to block
  out the pain of her transformation. She was bound to him. Her soul and his
  were one so all that she felt he did, now, as well. "Poor Childe. I had forgotten
  just how painful the change for us, really was." 
 "Me too." She sighed, as the pain left her again. "So, what did I miss while
  I was dead?" 
 "The girl is for you. The man, I want. He knew what I was, and still came
  willingly. I am curious on how much more he is willing to brave." He pointed
  to the unconscious body. "I saved her from him." He gestured to one of the
  unconscious forms. "He was her pimp, I stepped in just in time to keep him
  from seriously hurting her." 
 Azrael pressed his lips against Crystal forehead, before passing her to
  Loki. "Watch over our girl for me, beloved." He kissed him, before standing
  to move to where the unconscious form lay. "Poor thing. Wake her Megel. Let
  me see if she is going to be as sweet as that boy you brought me." He turned,
  smiling where, Justin, was sitting with Selene, watching him closely. "Do not
  worry for the girl, pet, she is in no more danger than you are. And you already
  have my promise that I will not harm you." 
 Megel knelt by where the girl lay. "Brandy?" He touched her cheek lightly. 
 Large, frightened hazel eyes looked up at him. Flinching away from his touch. "No
  Brandy, it's okay, no one is going to hurt you here." 
 "Wh-where am I?" She looked around at all the men in the room. 
 "I brought you to my sire's lair. I told you, when I stopped that thing
  from hurting you, that I was going to bring you here. Do you remember why?" 
 She just sat there, tears flowing from her eyes, running her mascara. "Y-you're
  a vampire." She whispered. She began to tremble. "Please, don't hurt me." 
 "Brandy," Justin moved, trying to get to her. But Selene touched his arm. "Please,
  I know her." 
 "Let him come forward Childe." Azrael stood back as the younger man moved
  to hurry to his side. "You know this girl, pet?" 
 Justin nodded. "Yes," he took a deep breath. "Yes, Master, she's a friend
  of mine." 
 "Then, perhaps it should be you who talks to her." 
 Brandy looked at Justin as he stepped past Megel, to get to her. "Justin?" She
  huddled against him. "Where are we, what's going to happen to us?" Then she
  looked at the seven bodies on the floor. "They are dead, aren't they? They're
  going to kill us." 
 Justin just shook his head. "I don't think so, or at least not yet." He
  looked up at Azrael. "You going to do the same thing to her that you did to
  me?" 
 "Only if you cannot convince her that she is safe here." Now he would see
  how well his efforts took with this child. 
 Justin sat beside her. "Thank you, Master." The word came from him with
  no effort. This man, the one that had fed on him once already, he knew that
  he had taken a good portion of his will and thoughts from him, but for now,
  he didn't have time to worry about that. Brandy was a friend of his, and he
  knew what she was used to, and what she expected from them. "Can we talk Brandy?" 
 She just whimpered. "What are they going to do to us? 
 "Nothing, like, what that asshole did to you." He licked his lips. "I'm
  not sure, but I think they're going to keep us as slaves." He tried to calm
  her down as she began to cry hysterically. 
 "Not slaves," Azrael moved to stand by where the boy sat. "We lost so many
  of our pets last night, so we are having to seek out more. You have been given
  to my husband and I to care for. Just as your little friend here, was brought
  earlier. I have already proven to him that I will not harm him. I also gave
  him a choice. You can either give yourself to me, willingly, or I can take
  you. I do apologize for not giving you the time I usually allow a new pet to
  gather themselves and bend willingly. But my domain has suffered so much." 
 "You," she looked up at him. The whites of her eyes bright as, she shook
  her head. "You, own me?" 
 "Yes, child, we do." He reached out to touch her cheek. Frowning as she
  pulled away. "Do not do that Brandy. I will not harm you, as long as you obey
  me and refrain from fighting, I will not harm you." Again he reached out to
  stroke her cheek, smiling at her when she didn't pull away. "Good, you understand
  me." He stroked her cheek, smiling softly at her. 
 "Please." She just sat there, looking up at him, crying. 
 Azrael took her hand and gently pulled her up. "Go, submit to your Master." He
  pointed to where Loki sat Crystal in his arms. 
 Brandy looked from him to Justin. "Please." 
 "Go on Brandy. Perhaps your new Master will have the time to let you bend
  to him slowly. But you will go, and you will submit to him, or, trust me child.
  I will make you do so." 
 Brandy moved, slowly, stumbling as she went to do what she had been ordered
  to do. If it wasn't for the fact that she knew Karry was laying on the floor,
  she would have been sure that he had sold her to these men, but he had been
  caught hitting her, and was now as good as dead. She fell to her knees in front
  of the strange man that was holding a naked woman so carefully as he let her
  feed off of him. These were real vampires, and she now belonged to them. "M-Master." She
  whispered, looking down, waiting for him to say something, anything. 
 Loki looked up at her, from where he sat, holding Crystal. "Brandy?" 
 "I, I submit." She broke down into tears again. "Please, don't hurt me." 
 "They aren't going to hurt you." Crystal muttered. "If they had planned
  on hurting you, you'd be dead already." She pulled away, letting Loki stand
  up. "Go on, Master. I'm fine right now." 
 Shadow returned, slowing his walk to almost a crawl as he took in the scene
  before him. "More feeders?" He asked Megel. Pointing to the unconscious forms
  on the floor. 
 "Yes," Megel hugged him. "I brought one for us, you and I can welcome him
  later. But for now, why don't you and Casey take them out of here, before you
  wake them. I'll send Mark to help as soon as he gets back. Loki's new pet is
  scared enough without seeing her abuser awake." 
 "So, who do you have other than the things for the Hall?" He looked around
  the room. Taking in the new five that he hadn't seen yet. 
 "The little one that is submitting to Loki is Brandy. The one that Gabriel
  is holding, who he hasn't woke yet is Jewel, and I don't know who the boy Lerion
  has with him, or at least not yet. I think if I remember right, the girl with
  Harris is Melanie. And this one, that I will wake soon, is Austin he is ours.
  The seven on the floor are nameless. They are nothing and no one. The only
  reason I didn't kill them all was we need feeders." 
 Shadow just nodded. "I think I'll take Casey and start moving them, then
  if Mark makers it back in time, he can help, if not, that's okay too. He's
  still a little busy dealing with one of the things you brought last time. And
  Hunter, the only thing that, will, get him away from that thing that he took
  out of here. Is hunger, he is newborn. And going to need Gabriel pretty soon." 
 Gabriel ignored all that was happening around him as he brushed his fingers
  against the girl in his arms cheek. "Jewel?" He whispered, calling her back
  to consciousness. "Wake up love." 
 Blue-gray eyes slowly opened. "Wh, where am I?" She knew what he was and
  that he had told her that he would save her, but she didn't know where she
  was. 
 "At my Grand-sire's lair." He smiled down at her. "I am sorry that I had
  to take your consciousness for a short time, but with all that was going on,
  I thought it would probably be easier on you if you didn't have to watch." 
 "So, you gonna kill me now?" 
 Gabriel shook his head. "No, I didn't save you from throwing your life away,
  just to kill you. What were you thinking of when you did that?" 
 "Dying." 
 "But why. I know you are ill, but even things such as cancer can be successfully
  conquered now days. What is so bad that you no longer are willing to fight
  to live?" 
 "'AIDS'." She muttered. "I had sex one lousy time and not only got pregnant
  but got AIDS too." 
 "Pregnant?" He felt for the girl. To be, so, young and have life treat you
  so badly. "Where is your child, Jewel?" 
 "Had an abortion. My folks freaked out when I turned up preggers, I had
  to abort, or they would throw me out of their house." She looked down. "They
  are such fucking hypocrites. I don't know why I bothered. When they found out
  I was HIV positive, they threw me out anyway. I've been living on a waitress
  salary and my collage money for the last four years. It ran out, and I just
  didn't want to end up like all those kids you see out there, broke, homeless,
  and dying. So I was going to kill myself. You know the rest." She pushed the
  hair from her face. "What I don't get is why you bothered. If you aren't going
  to kill me, why did you bother saving me?" 
 "Do you want to die Jewel? Best tell me now so that I can be ready." 
 "Why the hell do you think I was jumping off that building? If I thought
  I would have a chance, I wouldn't have been where I was." 
 "If I tell you that you will not die, will you let me save you?" 
 She just laughed at him. "Save me, yeah, right. The only reason I, agreed,
  to all of this was I figured that what with you being a vampire and probably
  dead already, I couldn't make you sick. What the hell, I dig vampires and if
  you killed me, I'd at least know I would be dead. I wouldn't screw anything
  up and chicken out, like I might have earlier." 
 "If I could save you, would you be willing to live with me and my First-Born?" He
  readied a wrist, preparing to offer her life, if only she would take it. 
 She just shook her head. "Sure, I'll play along. Sure, if I weren't dying
  already, I'd be thrilled to live with you. Like I said," she motioned to her
  T-shirt, which was black and had the silk screen of a vampire, feeding off
  a woman on it, with the caption, 'Love Sucks'   on it. "I
  think vampires are cool." 
 Gabriel tore at his wrist, offering it to her. "Then if you want to live,
  drink." He pressed the bloody wrist to her mouth. "Yes, I am dead, but the
  blood that flows in my veins isn't. It can cure you." He closed his eyes as
  he felt her mouth on his flesh. "You will live now, Jewel. You will live for
  a very long time 
 Jewel just lay there against him, stunned at what she was doing, was feeling.
  Nothing, and, no one, had ever made her feel like this before. "Wow." She actually
  laughed. "That's so cool." And she kissed him with real hunger. 
 Gabriel pulled away from the kiss, smiling, and was about to agree with
  her, that yes it was very cool when a bolt of pain hit him. *Hunter!
  *   
 *Help me, Father. *   A sob of pain flowed over
  him as he stood. 
 "Don't move Jewel, I will return." And he stepped back to disappear on the
  Dark Paths. 
 Gabriel gathered the sobbing Fledgling to him, stroking Hunter's hair as
  the Childe fed. "That's it, beloved. Go on and feed." 
 "I don't understand." Hunter rested against him. "I thought I'd done all
  the dying I was going to do last nigh. Supposed to be one of the plusses of
  being a Mage." 
 Gabriel just laughed. "You did finish dying last night, love. What you just
  went through wasn't a death spasm. Just hunger. You are still of an age where
  I dare not let you get too far from me for the next few days. After that I
  will only have to feed you three or four times a night for a few months, and
  then you will finally be strong enough I can start to reduce it even more to
  three, then two then only once a night. That is why the first year is always
  the most dangerous for our kind. Up until you are twenty or so, it is going
  to be very hard on you to live on less than three or four feedings a week.
  And that first year, at least once a night, and only from your Sire." He hugged
  Hunter to him again. "Better now love?" 
 Hunter nodded, kissing Gabriel, "Yeah, Master, I'm okay now. Thanks." 
 "Well, come and see what I have brought lair for us." 
 * * * 
 Jewel jumped as both vampires appeared before her. "Holy, shit." She swore 
 Hunter chuckled. "Don't you just 'hate'   that? Used
  to drive me nuts, their tendency to just pop in unannounced." 
 "Hunter, this is Jewel. She has come to be with us." Gabriel smiled at the
  girl. "Jewel, this Hunter. He's my Fledgling." 
 Hunter looked at her shirt. "Cool T." He smiled his best and most winning
  smile. 
 She looked Hunter up and down. "You're a vampire?" He looked like just some
  normal, uninteresting guy her folks would love him. "Ain't no fucking way." 
 Hunter laughed. "Mind blower ain't it?" And he smiled at her, again, this
  time with his fangs bared. "Hi, Jewel. Good to meet you." And he moved to wrap
  an arm around Gabriel. "Rumor has it that you're here to give a hand." 
 Azrael looked up from where he sat with Loki and Crystal. "Hunter?" 
 Hunter's head turned at once. "Yes, Master?" 
 "Did you kill that thing that hurt my per so?" He nodded to where Justin
  sat with Topaz and Zephyr. 
 Hunter disengaged himself from his husband/Sire. "No, Sir. You told me to
  try not to kill him." He knelt by where Justin sat looking at him 
 "My goodness, I must admit, you showed remarkable restraint for one so young." 
 "He still lives, not because I didn't, try, son of a bitch is just real
  hard to kill. Trust me, Master. It's not for my lack of trying. That is why
  I ended up in the shape I was in. I had broke his hip and had to blood bond,
  the Fuck, so that he would heal." Then he reached out to touch Justin's cheek. "He's
  sorry, baby. Trust me, if he were any more sorry, he'd be here, begging you
  to kill him just so he'd never have to deal with me again." 
 "I give that thing to your Sire, for now he is going to need more help than
  that little girl can give." 
 "Thank you, Grand-Sire." Gabriel knelt by Hunter, wrapping his arm around
  him. Giving him the support he always did. "Just as soon as I can get a few
  more feeders, I will let Hunter kill him. If I don't first." 
 "And here I thought I was the only blood thirsty one in my realm." Azrael
  chuckled. 
 "Not when it comes to rapists and the like, I can be as blood thirsty as
  any." 
 "Me too." Hunter squeezed Justin's hand just one last time before standing
  up. 
CHAPTER 4 
 The boy panicked, pulling at the hand that held him. He had gone from being
  raped to here, and he knew what vampires would expect. He would die, and with
  the way the last few months had gone for him, he would probably die painfully. 
 Azrael looked up from where he and Loki still held Crystal's body between
  them. "What have you brought us, Megel?" 
 "We stumbled on these animals raping the boy here, and we all agreed, their
  lives are forfeit, and the only purpose they could possibly have is as feeders
  on the new Hall." Then he squeezed the boy against him gently. "As for this
  one, if Loki and you can't find a place for him with the two of you, I am sure
  that either myself, Gabriel, Harris or Lerion would be more than happy to put
  him under our protection." 
 Azrael gently passed the body of his Childe to his husband. "What is his
  name Megel?" He reached out to touch the boy's cheek, tisking as the boy pulled
  away. "Now, now, child, there is no reason for you to be afraid of me. I will
  not harm you." 
 "You, he," he tried to get away from the hands that held him. 
 "Are vampire's, yes I know what I am." Azrael smiled at the boy, the tips
  of his fangs present in his smile. 
 "The other four were caught in the act of gang raping the boy. Keep them,
  kill them, what ever, I don't care." He squeezed the boy again. "But I have
  to go and see if I can rescue another one or two. So why don't you talk to
  the boy, and see if he is something that Loki and you want as a new pet. If
  not, I am sure that either Gabriel or one of my two adopted new brothers will
  be more than happy to take him off your hands, or I will myself." And he was
  gone, leaving the boy standing there. 
 Shadow moved to where the boy stood, looking so lost and confused. "Let
  me, Grand-Sire." He ignored the four men who stood there looking as lost and
  confused as the boy looked. "Hi," he grinned at the boy. "My name's Shadow,
  yours?" 
 "Ju-Justin." He stood there, trembling. "I'm going to die, ain't I?" 
 "Yeah in the next hundred and fifty years or so." He took Justin by the
  arm and moved to sit with him. "Now, listen to me. I'm going to help explain
  things to you. I wish Maria were still alive. She helped me when I first came
  here, and I'm sure she would have helped you. But she isn't. That is one of
  the reasons we had to get you. Our old house blew up and most of the mortals
  in our house died. So Megel went out with Gabriel Harris and Lerion to see
  if they could find a few more that we can keep here." 
 Justin looked at him, lip trembling. "He," he looked to where Azrael had
  returned to sit with Loki. "He's going to?" 
 Shadow, Mark and William laughed. "Yes, he will. But don't be afraid, he
  won't hurt you. For the first time, you will be completely safe." He touched
  Justin's cheek. "Please believe that, if you can't believe anything else, you
  are safe here. No one will ever hurt you again. Azrael won't let them." But
  try as he might, he just couldn't seem to reach the boy. 
 Azrael looked up from where he supported his newest Childe in her slumber. "Bring
  the boy here." 
 "Yes, Master." Shadow took Justin's hand. "Come on baby, whether Megel,
  Gabriel or one of the other two takes you as their pet, Azrael is still the
  Master of this house." He pulled Justin to where Azrael sat. "Sorry, Master.
  I used to be so much better at talking them down." 
 "The easy acceptance of your pet has spoiled you." The elder vampire looked
  at the boy who stood there, shaking so violently. "I do not have the time or
  patience to allow you to gradually come to accept your new life here. So I
  give you two choices. You can bend to me willingly, or I will dominate you
  and bring you to me that way." Then he looked over to the other four men, who
  were all looking around, frantically, looking for a place to hide. "As for
  the four of you. Willing or not, this child is now a pet in my lair, and I
  will see you all punished for the harm you did him. No one harms any pet of,
  my, domain." He pulled himself up, reaching for Justin, tisking at him again
  as he pulled away. "Now, I have told you already that I will not harm you.
  But if you continue to fight me, I will be forced to." And he brought his will
  down on the boy. "You are mine." He stroked the boy's cheek. "Do you understand
  me, child? You are mine." 
 "Yes. 
 "Yes, Master." Again his will brushed against the boy's. "Say, yes master,
  pretty pet." He captured the boy's face between his hands, pulling him forward
  to kiss him softly. Smiling to, himself, as he heard Justin moan as he did
  so. "Now, pretty one, do you understand me? Will you bend or must I force you?
  I would rather not force the issue, but I will." 
 "Yes, Master." Justin's voice was soft as he tried to break away from the
  hold that this man had on him. Fear growing as he found, that, he couldn't
  look at anything, but the eyes that were holding his gaze. "Please," his voice
  cracked. "Master." 
 "Hush, Justin." Again soft lips against his, coaxing a response. "Will you
  give yourself to me willingly, or shall I take your will?" His hand roamed
  down the boy's body. "Answer me, pet." 
 Justin was finally able to close his eyes. This was so horrifying. He had
  been living on what he made blowing guys for almost two years, and now, first
  he had several of his regular tricks decide that they weren't happy with just
  blowjobs anymore, and in the middle of being raped by them, he was rescued
  by a bunch of vampires. And now these vampires were going to make him live
  with them, going to feed off of him, and if the kisses were any warning, they
  would do a lot more than just feed off of him. He was going to have to either
  say, yes, or he knew that this man, the one that had given him a choice, would
  make him agree. "I-I give. I won't fight," he looked up at Azrael. "Just, please,
  don't hurt me." He began to cry as Azrael pulled him close. "Please," he swallowed
  back the scream that threatened to erupt from him. "Please," he cried softly. "Master." 
 Azrael made a soft shushing noise as he pulled the boy even farther into
  his arms. "Shadow, take Mark and Casey, and see to those things, they need
  to be dealt with." And a cold, heartless, glint sparked in his eyes. "And,
  love, if they try to fight you, by all means, hurt them." 
 "Gladly." Shadow grabbed one of the men. "You were the one that was hurting
  Justin. Weren't you?" He painfully squeezed the, mans, arm. "Hey, Hunter. I
  know you can't feed from anyone but Gabriel right now, but I bet you can come
  up with all kinds of things to pay this asshole back." 
 "Absolutely." William pulled himself up. *What has Gabriel
        told you about my past? *  
 *Nothing, *   Shadow's thoughts were comforting. *He,
        didn't, have too. There, isn't, a one of us, here, that didn't feel what
        happened to you when you died last night. It's okay, that happened a
        long time ago, and it happened to a different person. *  
 *I know that *.   He grabbed the man that Shadow
  was restraining. "So, you like to hurt kids? I don't like you." He liked the
  terror that was in, the, mans face as he bared his fangs at him. 
 "Take him and leave, Hunter." Azrael was very conscious of the fear in the
  room. "I do not care what you do to them, as long as you try not to kill them.
  But you need to take them out of here. The longer they remain. The more my
  newest pet fears them. I will not have him frightened more than he already
  has been." 
 William just inclined his head to Azrael as he moved to pull the man from
  the room. Laughing, at, the man's struggles and cries. 
 In a matter of moments, Shadow, Casey and Mark had followed William from
  the room, dragging begging men with them. "There." Azrael released Justin,
  returning to the body on the floor. "Relax Justin, I promise you that those
  animals will never touch you again. You have nothing to fear, never again.
  Ask Willow there, or if you need, you may ask one of my boy's, Mark or Casey,
  as soon as they return. Neither, my, love or myself have ever harmed a pet
  in our care. Never, for anything, but, punishment. And trust me child, you
  have earned no punishment." 
 Justin stood there, watching as his, now, master cradled the naked woman
  in his arms. "What's wrong with her?" He watched her, and couldn't see any
  rise and fall of her chest. "She's dead, ain't she?" 
 "Yes, and no, Justin." Azrael bent to kiss his newest Childe as she lay
  against him. "This is Crystal, she is one of the reasons I am being forced
  to replace my pets so quickly. When she rises, she will be like us and a vampire." He
  held up a hand at Justin's fearful cry. "No, child, you are safe. Until both
  she and Selene, are no longer, dependent, on Loki, and I, you are safe from
  their hunger. And, once I feed from you and bind you to me, you will not suffer
  from any blood loss you suffer from feeding my hunger." 
 "Bind me to you?" 
 Azrael handed his Childe back to Loki before rising to move to him again. "Do
  not fear me, Justin. Fear is not your friend here. I am not the only one to
  have a newly born Childe in my home. Fear is sweet, for us, and they will respond
  to your fears, and if they do, both they and yourself will suffer for it." He
  pulled the boy close. "Will you put down your fears or shall I take it from
  you?" He cupped the boy's face, gazing into his eyes. "Such lovely eyes. You
  make only the third pet I have ever claimed, that was both male and had such
  lovely green eyes." He felt the tremor in Justin's body as his mouth closed
  over his again, his tongue gently forcing its way into the boy's mouth. He
  could feel Justin trying to win over his fear. It was enough for him. The boy
  was trying to get past his fears. "Here, Justin, let me help you." Again, Azrael's
  will took over. "You are safe here, with me, you will always be safe." He felt
  the boy shudder in his arms. Felt the fear and terror drain from him, even
  as Justin lifted his arms to wrap them around Azrael's neck, pressing against
  him, mouth open and demanding. "Pity that I am unable to take you at this moment.
  But my Childe needs us both." He tilted Justin's head back, exposing his throat. "But
  take this as a promise. I will see this through, soon." And he lowered his
  head, to feed. 
 Justin cried out as he felt the first the pain and then the heat, as Azrael
  fed from him. 
 "Soon, child, I promise, soon." He gently pushed the boy from him, kissing
  him just once more. "Go, sit with Willow and Selene. They will hold you for
  now 
 * * * 
 Again the room felt the cold as, not, only Megel returned but Gabriel, Harris
  and Lerion as well. Megel supported two forms and the rest carried one each,
  and seven others lay around them. "I think we have enough, for now." He muttered
  to, himself, as he lay both mortals he held, down on an empty couch. 
 "What have you brought with you this time?" Azrael would not pull away from
  where he held his sleeping Childe. He could feel her soul as it began to stir.
  He would be with her when she finally opened her lovely gray eyes. 
 "Same as always, Master." Lerion took the youngster in his arms and went
  to sit beside his newest Childe, Wolf. "Children that had no business being
  out so late, and those," he waved his hand at the seven unconscious forms that
  lay on the floor. "They can go to join the other four to live on the Hall.
  There is not a one of them that is worth your notice." 
 "Where is Hunter?" Gabriel looked around. 
 "Gone to see if he could share his pain and his anger with the one that
  had hurt Justin so." Azrael stroked Crystal's cheek. 
 "You did remind him that he can't feed from anyone but me?" 
 "I did not have to, Shadow cautioned him when he invited him to teach that
  animal what pain truly was. I can only hope that he enjoys himself as he seeks
  revenge." 
 Gabriel just shook his head. He knew his husband, lover and Childe well
  enough to know what he was capable of doing. "Did you warn him not to kill
  the thing?" 
 "No, I asked him to try and refrain from killing him. If he kills that monster,
  so be it, I will take his remains to the Dark Paths and leave it, to feed the
  things that live there. We seem to have enough to assure that we do not have
  to do without or go hunting. What is one more or less? I think killing the
  mortal will help to put some of the pain he still feels to rest." 
 Gabriel just nodded. He had taken his Childe, who was still mortal at the
  time and sought out not only the betrayer of his trust, but the animal that
  had hurt him so badly. He still remembered the beasts' cries as he held him
  down and William beat him. The cry echoed in his head, even now, of Will crying,
  ordering the man to masturbate and asking him, over and over again, how much
  he liked it. He hadn't let him kill the beast, taking the life of the creature
  himself, feasting on the monster, and then ripping his throat out, letting
  him watch William respond to being fed, as he died. Back then, William was
  still too tender, but now as Hunter, yes, now he could let his pain and hatred
  free fully. 
 "And who have you brought with you to aid you in your care for your Childe?" 
 "Her name is Jewel. I stopped her from throwing herself off the top of a
  twelve-story building. Offered her a chance to live. She was dying, dying alone
  and frightened." He smiled down at her. "You do know Grand-Sire, that we are
  fastly becoming not only a Covenstead for the lost and orphaned of the Kin,
  but at the rate we are going, a home and haven for lost, abused, and dying
  children as well." 
 "It I could open my domain to all that need a place, grant my love and protection
  to any and all, I would. They think that we are monsters, feeding on the living.
  It is truly a shame that I would never dream of doing what some of these mortals
  are willing to do to those that are weaker, than, them. No, in this age, we
  no longer hunt. But the love and devotion that these children give us as they,
  are, at long last allowed to feel something other than hate and self-loathing
  quiets the beast in us as no hunt ever could." 
 "Azrael, love?" Loki looked up from where he sat, also holding Crystal. "Your
  Childe is stirring." 
 Azrael gathered Crystal close, shushing her cry as she came alive. "Drink,
  Childe, drink." He closed his eyes as he felt her locking on to his throat.
  Following her instincts as she fed, cooling the burning in her belly. "That
  is it, drink, I have fed already, and Loki is with us. Feed, precious, just
  feed." He stroked her hair as she wept against him. 
 It, hurt, oh god did it hurt. She had lived through Shadow's transformation,
  Tori's and Sapphire's as well. And even though she had known it hurt, it didn't
  hurt her near as bad as it was hurting her now. She lay against him, body spasming
  as she cried. "Father," she murmured, fighting the agony. 
 He just sat there, rocking her as he waited for the spasms to pass. "Do
  not fight it Childe. You woke sooner than most. Your body is still dying. It
  will hurt you less if you refuse to fight it. Embrace your death." 
 "Why couldn't I be like Topaz?" She rested there, already gaining strength,
  preparing to go through the agony again. "I never felt any pain from her. One
  moment she was alive, and the next." 
 Topaz just laughed as she rested against Zephyr. "I don't think I count,
  little sister." 
 "Yes, my precious one is rather unique in her embrace, is she not." He chuckled. 
 "Show off," she muttered. "Damn, show off." She, looked down at her body,
  it was still clean. "I think I need to go to a bathroom. If I'm still dying,
  I'd just as soon not make any mess." 
 "No, Crystal. I have already cleaned you. There will be no more of that,
  ever again." He stroked her hair. "I told you I would see to you, and I have." He
  nodded to the rug that was balled up in a corner. "I will have either Mark
  or Willow tend to its cleaning." He gathered her close as another death spasm
  took her. "Feed, Childe, it will help you." He closed his eyes, trying to block
  out the pain of her transformation. She was bound to him, her soul and his
  were one, so all that she felt he did, now, as well. "Poor Childe. I had forgotten
  just how painful the change for us, really was." 
 "Me too." She sighed, as the pain left her again. "So, what did I miss while
  I was dead?" 
 "The girl is for you. The man, I want. He knew what I was, and still came
  willingly. I am curious on how much more he is willing to brave." He pointed
  to the unconscious body. "I saved her from him." He gestured to one of the
  unconscious forms. "He was her pimp, I stepped in just in time to keep him
  from seriously hurting her." 
 Azrael pressed his lips against Crystal forehead, before passing her to
  Loki. "Watch over our girl for me, beloved." He kissed him, before standing
  to move to where the unconscious form lay. "Poor thing. Wake her Megel. Let
  me see if she is going to be as sweet as that boy you brought me." He turned,
  smiling where, Justin, was sitting with Selene, watching him closely. "Do not
  worry for the girl, pet, she is in no more danger than you are, and you already
  have my promise that I will not harm you." 
 Megel knelt by where the girl lay. "Brandy?" He touched her cheek lightly. 
 Large, frightened hazel eyes looked up at him. Flinching away from his touch. "No
  Brandy, it's okay, no one is going to hurt you here." 
 "Wh-where am I?" She looked around at all the men in the room. 
 "I brought you home. I told you, when I stopped that thing from hurting
  you, that I was going to bring you here. Do you remember why?" 
 She just sat there, tears flowing from her eyes, running her mascara. "Y-you're
  a vampire." She whispered. She began to tremble. "Please, don't hurt me." 
 "Brandy," Justin moved, trying to get to her. But Selene touched his arm. "Please,
  I know her." 
 "Let him come forward Childe." Azrael stood back as the younger man moved
  to hurry to his side. "You know this girl, pet?" 
 Justin nodded. "Yes," he took a deep breath. "Yes, Master, she's a friend
  of mine." 
 "Then, perhaps it should be you who talks to her." 
 Brandy looked at Justin as he stepped past Megel, to get to her. "Justin?" She
  huddled against him. "Where are we, what is going to happen to us?" Then she
  looked at the seven bodies on the floor. "They are dead, aren't they? They're
  going to kill us." 
 Justin just shook his head. "I don't think so, or at least not yet." He
  looked up at Azrael. "You going to do the same thing to her that you did to
  me?" 
 "Only if you cannot convince her that she is safe here." Now he would see
  how well his efforts took with this child. 
 Justin sat beside her. "Thank you, Master." The word came from him with
  no effort. This man, the one that had fed on him once already, he knew that
  he had taken a good portion of his will and thoughts from him, but for now,
  he didn't have time to worry about that. Brandy was a friend of his, and he
  knew what she was used to, and what she expected from them. "Can we talk Brandy?" 
 She just whimpered. "What are they going to do to us? 
 "Nothing, like, what that asshole did to you." He licked his lips. "I'm
  not sure, but I think they're going to keep us as slaves." He tried to calm
  her down as she began to cry hysterically. 
 "Not slaves," Azrael moved to stand by where the boy sat. "We lost so many
  of our pets last night, so we are having to seek out more. You have been given
  to my husband and I to care for. Just as your little friend here was brought
  earlier. I have already proven to him that I will not harm him. I also gave
  him a choice. You can either give yourself to me, willingly, or I can take
  you. I do apologize for not giving you the time I usually allow a new pet to
  gather themselves and bend willingly. But my domain has suffered so much." 
 "You," she looked up at him. The whites of her eyes bright as she shook
  her head. "You, own me?" 
 "Yes, child, we do." He reached out to touch her cheek. Frowning as she
  pulled away. "Do not do that Brandy. I will not harm you, as long as you obey
  me and refrain from fighting, I will not harm you." Again he reached out to
  stroke her cheek, smiling at her when she didn't pull away. "Good, you understand
  me." He stroked her cheek, smiling softly at her. 
 "Please." She just sat there, looking up at him, crying. 
 Azrael took her hand and gently pulled her up. "Go, submit to your Master." He
  pointed to where Loki sat Crystal in his arms. 
 Brandy looked from him to Justin. "Please." 
 "Go on Brandy. Perhaps your new Master will have the time to let you bend
  to him slowly. But you will go, and you will submit to him, or, trust me child.
  I will make you do so." 
 Brandy moved, slowly, stumbling as she went to do what she had been ordered
  to do. If it wasn't for the fact that she knew Karry was laying on the floor,
  she would have been sure that he had sold her to these men, but he had been
  caught hitting her, and was now as good as dead. She fell to her knees in front
  of the strange man that was holding a naked woman so carefully as he let her
  feed off of him. These were real vampires, and she now belonged to them. "M-Master." She
  whispered, looking down, waiting for him to say something, anything. 
 Loki looked up at her, from where he sat, holding Crystal. "Brandy?" 
 "I, I submit." She broke down into tears again. "Please, don't hurt me." 
 "They aren't going to hurt you." Crystal muttered. "If they had planned
  on hurting you, you'd be dead already." She pulled away, letting Loki stand
  up. "Go on, Master. I'm fine right now." 
 Shadow returned, slowing his walk to almost a crawl as he took in the scene
  before him. "More feeders?" He asked Megel. Pointing to the unconscious forms
  on the floor. 
 "Yes," Megel hugged him. "I brought one for us, you and I can welcome him
  later. But for now, why don't you and Casey take them out of here, before you
  wake them. I'll send Mark to help as soon as he gets back. Loki's new pet is
  scared enough without seeing her abuser awake." 
 "So, who do you have other than the things for the Hall?" He looked around
  the room. Taking in the new five that he hadn't seen yet. 
 "The little one that is submitting to Loki is Brandy. The one that Gabriel
  is holding, who he hasn't woke yet is Jewel, and I don't know who the boy Lerion
  has with him, or at least not yet. I think if I remember right, the girl with
  Harris is Melanie. And this one that I will wake soon, is Austin, he is ours.
  The seven on the floor are nameless. They are nothing and no one. The only
  reason I didn't kill them all was we need feeders." 
 Shadow just nodded. "I think I'll take Casey and start moving them, then
  if Mark makers it back in time, he can help, if not, that's okay too. He's
  still a little busy dealing with one of the things you brought last time. And
  Hunter, the only thing that, will, get him away from that thing that he took
  out of here, is hunger. He is newborn and going to need Gabriel pretty soon." 
 Gabriel ignored all that was happening around him as he brushed his fingers
  against the girl in his arms cheek. "Jewel?" He whispered, calling her back
  to consciousness. "Wake up love." 
 Blue-gray eyes slowly opened. "Wh, where am I?" She knew what he was and
  that he had told her that he would save her, but she didn't know where she
  was. 
 "At my home." He smiled down at her. "I am sorry that I had to take your
  consciousness for a short time, but with all that was going on, I thought it
  would probably be easier on you if you didn't have to watch." 
 "So, you gonna kill me now?" 
 Gabriel shook his head. "No, I didn't save you from throwing your life away,
  just to kill you. What were you thinking of when you did that?" 
 "Dying." 
 "But why. I know you are ill, but even things such as cancer can be successfully
  conquered now days. What is so bad that you no longer are willing to fight
  to live?" 
 "'AIDS'." She muttered. "I had sex one lousy time and not only got pregnant
  but got AIDS too." 
 "Pregnant?" He felt for the girl. To be so young and have life treat you
  so badly. "Where is your child, Jewel?" 
 "Had an abortion. My folks freaked out when I turned up preggers, I had
  to abort, or they would throw me out of the house." She looked down. "They
  are such fucking hypocrites. I don't know why I bothered, when they found out
  I was HIV positive, they threw me out anyway. I've been living on a waitress
  salary and my collage money for the last four years. It ran out, and I just
  didn't want to end up like all those kids you see out there, broke, homeless,
  and dying. So I was going to kill myself. You know the rest." She pushed the
  hair from her face. "What I don't get is why you bothered. If you aren't going
  to kill me, why did you bother saving me?" 
 "Do you want to die Jewel? Best tell me now so that I can be ready." 
 "Why the hell do you think I was jumping off that building? If I thought
  I would have a chance, I wouldn't have been where I was." 
 "If I tell you that you will not die, will you let me save you?" 
 She just laughed at him. "Save me, yeah, right. The only reason I, agreed,
  to all of this was I figured that what with you being a vampire and probably
  dead already, I couldn't make you sick. What the hell, I dig vampires and if
  you killed me, I'd at least know I would be dead. I wouldn't screw anything
  up and chicken out, like I might have earlier." 
 "If I could save you, would you be willing to live with me and my First-Born?" He
  readied a wrist, preparing to offer her life, if only she would take it. 
 She just shook her head. "Sure, I'll play along. Sure, if I weren't dying
  already, I'd be thrilled to live with you. Like I said," she motioned to her
  T-shirt, which was black and had the silk screen of a vampire, feeding off
  a woman on it, with the caption, 'Love Sucks'   on it. "I
  think vampires are cool." 
 Gabriel tore at his wrist, offering it to her. "Then if you want to live,
  drink." He pressed the bloody wrist to her mouth. "Yes, I am dead, but the
  blood that flows in my veins isn't. It can cure you." He closed his eyes as
  he felt her mouth on his flesh. "You will live now, Jewel. You will live for
  a very long time 
 Jewel just lay there against him, stunned at what she was doing, was feeling.
  Nothing, and, no one, had ever made her feel like this before. "Wow." She actually
  laughed "That's so cool." And she kissed him with real hunger. 
 Gabriel pulled away from the kiss, smiling, and was about to agree with
  her, that yes it was very cool when a bolt of pain hit him. *Hunter!
  *   
 *Help me, Father. *   A sob of pain flowed over
  him as he stood. 
 "Don't move Jewel, I will return." And he stepped back to disappear on the
  Dark Paths. 
 Gabriel gathered the sobbing Fledgling to him, stroking William's hair as
  the Childe fed. "That's it, beloved. Go on and feed." 
 "I don't understand." William rested against him. "I thought I'd done all
  the dying I was going to do last nigh. Supposed to be one of the plusses of
  being a Mage." 
 Gabriel just laughed. "You did finish dying last night, love. What you just
  went through wasn't a death spasm. Just hunger. You are still of an age where
  I dare not let you get too far from me for the next few days. After that I
  will only have to feed you three or four times a night for a few months, and
  then you will finally be strong enough I can start to reduce it even more to
  three, then two then only once a night. That is why the first year is always
  the most dangerous for our kind. Up until you are twenty or so, it is going
  to be very hard on you to live on less than three or four feedings a week.
  And that first year, at least once a night, and only from your Sire." He hugged
  William to him again. "Better now love?" 
 William nodded, kissing Gabriel, "Yeah, Master, I'm okay now. Thanks." 
 "Well, come and see what I have brought home for us." 
 * * * 
 Jewel jumped as both vampires appeared before her. "Holy, shit." She swore 
 William chuckled. "Don't you just 'hate'   that? Used
  to drive me nuts, their tendency to just pop in unannounced." 
 "Hunter, this is Jewel. She has come to be with us." Gabriel smiled at the
  girl. "Jewel, this Hunter. He's my Fledgling." 
 William looked at her shirt. "Cool T." He smiled his best and most winning
  smile. 
 She looked William up and down. "You're a vampire?" He looked like just
  some normal, uninteresting guy her folks would love him. "Ain't no fucking
  way." 
 William laughed. "Mind blower ain't it?" And he smiled at her, again, this
  time with his fangs bared. "Hi, Jewel. Good to meet you." And he moved to wrap
  an arm around Gabriel. "Rumor has it that you're here to give a hand." 
 Azrael looked up from where he sat with Loki and Crystal. "Hunter?" 
 William's head turned at once. "Yes, Master?" 
 "Did you kill that thing that hurt my per so?" He nodded to where Justin
  sat with Topaz and Zephyr. 
 William disengaged himself from his husband/Sire. "No, Sir. You told me
  to try not to kill him." He knelt by where Justin sat looking at him 
 "My goodness, I must admit, you showed remarkable restraint for one so young." 
 "He still lives, not because I didn't, try, son of a bitch is just real
  hard to kill. Trust me, Master, it's not for my lack of trying. That is why
  I ended up in the shape I was in. I had broke his hip and had to blood bond,
  the Fuck, so that he would heal." Then he reached out to touch Justin's cheek. "He's
  sorry, baby. Trust me, if he were any more sorry, he'd be here, begging you
  to kill him just so he'd never have to deal with me again." 
 "I give that thing to your Sire, for now he is going to need more help than
  that little girl can give." 
 "Thank you, Grand-Sire." Gabriel knelt by William, wrapping his arm around
  him. Giving him the support he always did. "Just as soon as I can get a few
  more feeders, I will let Hunter kill him. If I don't first." 
 "And here I thought I was the only blood thirsty one in my realm." Azrael
  chuckled. 
 "Not when it comes to rapists and the like, I can be as blood thirsty as
  any." 
 "Me too." William squeezed Justin's hand just one last time before standing
  up. 
CHAPTER 5 
 Lerion struggled with the boy in his arms as the youth came awake with a
  start. "Be still." 
 "No," he struggled against the hands that held him. He didn't know what
  was happening, all he knew was what had been happening before he lost consciousness. "Let
  me go." He pushed against the form that held him. "Come on, Dude, let me go." 
 Lerion chuckled. "No, Dude. I have you where I want you and this is where
  you are going to stay. Now be still." 
 The boy froze. He didn't know what was going on, last thing he remembered
  was being beat by three guys who were hell bent on killing him, and now. "Please." His
  voice cracked. 
 "What is your name, baby?" 
 "Brandon." He whispered, trying to sit up, but Lerion would not let him
  move. "Please, come on man, ' 
 "Brandon, it is a lovely name." Lerion stroked his cheek. Call me, Master,
  baby. I saved your life. Those who were hurting you were going to kill you.
  I saved your life, and now it belongs to me." 
 The boy shook his head. "No." 
 "Yes. Look at me, Brandon." Light brown eyes, full of fear and pain looked
  up at him. Meeting his blue. "Why were they trying to kill you baby?" He looked
  down at the boy's battered and bruised body. Noting that the youth's denims
  hung in tatters from his body, long scratches and claw marks stood out in stark
  contrast to the fair skin of the boy's thighs. "They raped you didn't they?" 
 "Yes." He began to cry in pain and fear. "Please, Master, I don't care what
  you want me to call you, I'll do it, just please don't," his voice broke. "Please
  don't, not again." He weakly pushed at Lerion's hand as it moved to pull the
  filthy remains of his denims from him. "Please, I'm begging you." His cry was
  a near scream. 
 "Hush." He caught Brandon's face in his hands. "You make the second kid
  that we saved from that horror tonight. Don't fight me honey. I promise you
  I won't hurt you. Never like this." He brushed a light kiss against the boy's
  lips. "Why were they hurting you Brandon?" He traced one of the scratches with
  his finger. "It's okay, baby, you can tell me 
 "They didn't like faggot's, okay" he tried to shy away from the hand that
  captured his badly abused penis. "Please, Master," he just lay there sobbing
  as Lerion touched him. "What do you want me for?" 
 "We had a great tragedy last night, the house we were living in, it blew
  up and we lost most of our mortal pets. So we are having to replace them." He
  smiled softly, fangs showing, just a bit. 
 Brandon cried out in horror. "Oh, my god, you, you're a," he just couldn't
  finish the statement. 
 "A vampire." Lerion just laughed. "It's okay, honey, that seems to be the
  standard response tonight." 
 ' He's a vampire'  . This man was a vampire. "You gonna
  kill me?" 
 This time, Lerion wasn't the only one to laugh. "That is also the standard
  response." He kissed him again. "No, baby, I'm not going to kill you. I have
  a new Fledgling and I will need you to help with making sure I can keep up
  with his needs." This time when he bent to kiss the boy, he whispered softly. "Open
  your mouth, Brandon. Let me taste your tongue." He felt the boy's lips tremble
  under his. "I'm hungry. Lift your head, Brandon." He gently took his face into
  his hands, shushing his cries as he turned his head to the side, baring his
  throat. "Your mouth tastes sweet, your fear even sweeter. Now, let me see if
  your blood tastes as sweet as your fear." He lowered his mouth to press against
  the boy's throat. "It's okay, baby, it only hurts for a second." And his fangs
  sank into his throat. Moaning, as, the blood filled his mouth, he was so hungry,
  Aaron had taken a lot out of him so far. And as the blood flowed into him,
  he felt the boy's maleness begin to stir in his hand. 
 Brandon cried out, all fear and pain gone as this warming heat filled him.
  And as he lay there, he reached blindly to hold Lerion's head to his throat,
  moaning softly, hips lifting as the gentle hand continued to stroke him. 
 Megel smiled at his First-Born and Shadow's pet, Julian. "Shall we see to
  waking our new pet up as well?" He touched the young man on the side of the
  face. 'Wake up Austin. You are home now." 
 "Eyes so dark brown, that they neared black opened, "So, it is all real." 
 Megel just laughed softly at him. "Yes, child, it's all real." Then to Shadow
  and Julian, "He came up on us when we were dealing with the animals that were
  killing Lerion's new pet. I was not trying to hide what I was at the time.
  He saw, and instead of begging me to let him go, swearing he would never tell
  a soul, he actually asked to be with us. He is under no coercion. Now you don't
  have to try to stick so closely with your boy there. Between him and the feeders
  we have gathered, I don't have to worry so much about your draining the boy
  dry." Then he looked back at Austin. "Pet, I will explain it all to you, but
  for now, my Childe is hungry." 
 Austin nodded. "Come here kid." And he pulled Shadow's fangs to his throat,
  eyes closing as he gave into the bliss. "Oh, god." He moaned, fingers tangling
  in Shadow's hair as he held him to him. 
 Brandy watched as Lerion took Brandon. "M-Master?" She whispered to Loki. "You
  gonna bite me too?" 
 Loki looked over at her, smiling gently, trying hard not to show his fangs. "Yes,
  love. I am. But don't be afraid, I won't hurt you, anymore than my beloved,
  his First-Born or Lerion are hurting their new pets." He reached out and took
  her hand. "Come here," he knew how Lerion felt, between his new return, and
  both Selene's and Crystal's hungers, he was starving. "Don't be afraid of me,
  little one. I promise you, I will not hurt you." He gently tilted her head
  back to sink his teeth home. 
 "Ah," she cried out in pain, then it was gone. She still cried, but now,
  it was in pleasure and not pain. She held him, trembling as she felt him feeding. "Please,
  Master." She tried to hold his mouth to her throat. Since she had started to
  sell her body, she had forgotten what pleasure was, and even when she had still
  felt it. It was never like this, never so real, so total. "Please," she cried
  against him. "Please, again, please, Master." She trembled in his arms, but
  this time it was not with fear, or not completely. He had stirred something
  in her. A something that even thought she didn't understand it, she didn't
  care she wanted it. 
 "No, later when I take you to your bed, I will see that this is completed,
  but that is all I dare take from you as you are." And this time when he called
  upon his self-control to keep from pulling her up close to him and forgetting
  all in the room, as he so wanted to, he noticed that he didn't need Azrael's
  help. For the first time in his life, he was able to do something, which required
  a real will, alone and with no help. "Beloved." He looked up at his cherished
  lifemate. 
 Azrael looked up from where he was feeding from Zephyr. "Yes, love?" 
 Loki reached out, as he had so many times before, a look of panic leaving
  his face as he felt the link. "Nothing. Just making sure that we were still
  linked, and that my death had not altered that.' 
 "Why should it?" Azrael immediately moved to his side. 
 "I have self-control now." He beamed at his love. "I think maybe our boy
  did more than just alter my body so that we can share the burdens of our children." 
 Azrael looked at him for a moment before turning to look around the room. "Gabriel?" 
99 "Yes, Azrael?" He looked up from where both he and his love sat with their
  newest pet between them. Both going to show her how her new life was going
  to be. 
 "Might we borrow Jewel for a moment, love?" 
 Gabriel looked down at Jewel, who was watching them warily. "My Grand-Sire
  has asked for you." He patted her on the hand. "Don't be afraid, honey, I have
  already healed you. You are safe. Why would I go to all the bother of making
  sure you keep living if the first thing I did was allow you to get hurt. No
  one is ever going to hurt you. You are under my protection. I will never allow
  anyone to ever hurt you again." 
 She nodded, trying to look brave. "What does he want me for?" 
 "Why don't you go and ask him." He kissed her briefly. "And I might not
  be a stickler for what you call me, but he is the master of this place, and
  you will address him as such." Gabriel understood what a terrible blow to his
  Grand-Sire's stability all of this had been, so he would see to it that he
  would do all that he could to support him in his healing process. 
 She sighed; she had heard the soft warning in Gabriel's voice. "Yes, Master." She
  pulled herself up and away from where she had been resting between the two. 
 Azrael took her hand as she came near. "Yes, Master?" 
 "Come, rest against me for a moment." He pulled her down beside them. "Do
  not fear me child. On my oath, I will never allow you to be hurt. Keep showing
  this delightful willingness to obey and I assume you, no one will ever hurt
  you." Then he looked to Loki. *Render her unconscious, beloved.
  If what you feel has happened has, she should slumber easily. *  
 *Hold, her, for me, love. *   He touched the
  side of her face. *Sleep. *  
 And much to his joy, Jewel slumped back against Azrael 
 Loki laughed, delighted. "I can control my self now." He reached out and
  touched Jewel's cheek. "Wake up, pet." He leaned forward and kissed her quickly
  before throwing himself into Azrael's arms. 
 *Try your luck on Megel. He is sitting and is in no danger
        of falling. *   Loki looked to where Megel sat, holding
        Shadow, sharing a moment of quiet with him, enjoying their new pet. Again
        his mind reached out and touched the First-Born of his husbands' mind. 
 To have Megel, who, one moment, leaning over Shadow and teasing his boy
  with his kisses, and the next, if it had not been for Shadow's quick movement,
  he would have indeed fell onto the floor. 
 "Hey," Shadow looked up, supporting his Sire. "Megel," a look of, worry,
  on his face. 
 Megel stirred. "What happened?" 
 Shadow shook his head. "Don't know, one minute you're having me talk dirty
  to you, and the nest," he shrugged. 
 "It was, me." Loki just smiled a silly happy smile. 
 "You?" Now that was a surprise. Then to, Azrael, "It seems my little brother
  did more than just a little healing on your husband," He smiled at Loki, "and
  my Father." Verbally acknowledging, for the first time, that as his Sire's
  husband, he was willing to give him the same respect that he gave his Sire. 
 Azrael just nodded as he pulled his life's love close again. "I had known
  that Tori was planning, once he grew in his healing abilities to see if he
  could help Loki's Gift further repair some of the damage to my beloved's mind
  and body. I just never imagined it would happen like this." Then he turned,
  smiling down at Loki. "Now our relationship will blossom more than ever before.
  I no longer, out of necessity have to play the dominant in our mating. If you
  can render Megel unconscious. You are near my equal." 
 Loki looked at him. A flash of concern crossed his face. "Beloved, I never
  realized, I am sorry if I have been a burden to you." 
 Azrael just laughed, hugging him tight. "Burden, Loki, you have never been
  anything but a joy to me. All I meant is now, I can truly share the Mastery
  of our Covenstead with you, without worrying if some fool would challenge you." 
 "There will be a challenge." Crystal whispered. 
 Both Azrael and Loki turned to look at her. "What did you say, love?" 
 "He will be challenged, by the same Renegade that blew up your house." 
 Azrael growled. "Do you know this fools name Crystal?" 
 "No, but I do know who he's connected too." She looked up at them. "He is
  one of Magnus's old friends, and he sought revenge on you for what you did
  for Titania." 
 "That fool is beginning to irritate me." Megel swore softly. 
 "Does he know where I live now? If I seek Sharra out later and have her
  force the name from her slave, will I have time to seek out justice and vengeance
  at my leisure?" 
 "No one knows about this place, or at least not yet. And no, there won't
  be a repeat of what was done to you." She leaned against him. "I wish I could
  tell you more, but that is all I know." She yawned. "I'm tired, Azrael." 
 Azrael held her close to him. "You are, and have done more than I ever dreamed
  possible." He kissed her. "Rest against me, Childe. I will not keep us up much
  longer." He pulled her up to press into the flesh of his throat. "Feed, dear,
  I would just as soon not have you waking in the middle of the day, not in pain
  at any rate." He stroked her hair as she fed. "Drink you fill, love, I have
  all the spare feeders that I need. And if I find that I am not in the mood
  for putting up with any of them tonight, There still is Willow, Mark and Selene's
  little pet, that I have not yet fed from. 
 Crystal moaned as she felt the glorious heat flow down her throat. And as
  it did, all thoughts of sleep left her. And as she fed, she took his hand into
  hers, pressing it against her naked breast. Pressing, even, farther into his
  hand as he began to caress her. "Soon, my love, soon." He wanted nothing more
  than to take his darling new Childe and soul-bonded and find a quiet place
  to share her love with his beloved, the Keeper of His Heart. "Come on. Let
  us go and see to taking care of our new pets, and, seek out our bed." He looked
  up to where Topaz sat, in what was rapidly becoming her favorite perch. On
  Zephyr's lap. "Are you and your husband going to join us in our celebration
  and binding of our two new pets, or do you plan to take that boy of yours and
  find a quiet corner?" 
 Topaz looked at her new lifemate. "Zeph?" 
 He just smiled, nipping at her nose. "I'm happy anywhere that I have you.
  Yes, sure, let's go and celebrate. Who knows, if your parent's get too, caught
  up in what they are sharing with themselves and that new sister of yours, maybe
  we can nab either Justin, or Brandy." 
 "Then we will go." Azrael looked to his other pets. "Mark, Willow, come,
  we will all sleep the day away in my chamber. Selene, bring Casey with you." 
 Gabriel looked to William. "Grand-Sire?" 
 "Yes, love?" 
 "If it's going to be an orgy, may Hunter and I bring Jewel and join you?" 
 Azrael chuckled at the avid look of want in his Grand-Childe's eyes. "You
  never have to ask me that Gabriel. You know that both you and Hunter are forever
  welcome into my bed, and my heart." 
 "Hot damn." William grinned. 
 "Megel?" Azrael looked over to his First-Born. "Do you plan to join us?
  Or is your new pet still to shy for so many?" 
 "Go on, Azrael. I'm taking my three and tucking Jules in with Austin. Shadow
  is still too open and he needs me as well as our pets." 
 "Lerion, Harris?" 
 Lerion shook his head. "Thank you, Master, but I still have to deal with
  Brandon, and at the moment, he is just a bit shy. I think I'm going to take
  him and Wolf and head for bed." 
 Azrael looked to Harris, who had his hands full with Melanie. "Childe?" 
 "Not tonight, Adept. I'm going to have enough problems out of this one.
  Christian might be newly remade, and still an infant, but he isn't a newborn.
  So I won't just take her fear from her, but help her to overcome it herself.
  But if Doc wants to join in, he's more than welcome to. I would say the same
  for Christian, but he's going to be locked at my throat for a while." 
 Doc snorted. "What, I just got a new little brother, and you want to throw
  me out of our bed already? Keep in mind, baby, while you are with the girl,
  someone is going to have to keep him company." Doc hugged Christian. "It's
  okay, 'Father', Christian and I will be just fine." 
 Azrael stood, pulling both Loki and Crystal up as he came. "Yes, I am sure
  you both will be." He smiled at the boy, before looking to his Fledgling. "Topaz,
  love. If you and Zephyr will take my boy with you, we will leave here." He
  leaned forward to kiss Selene, hungrily, even as both Loki and, Crystal, pulled
  her farther into their embrace. 
 Megel, reached and pulled Crystal from where she stood, pressed against
  all three. "Good night, little one. Safe sleep." He hugged her as his lips
  kissed hers. 
 * * * 
 Jewel pressed against Gabriel as he led her down the hall. William had taken
  that other girl the one that they said now 'belonged'   to
  one of the other vampires, the one that they said now 'belonged'   to
  one of the other vampires into his arms as they left the room. She was here,
  and if what was going to happen was what she thought was going to happen. She
  had a whole lot more to worry about, than just getting pregnant. 
 Mark and Casey, laughed as, they, followed the rest, pinning Willow between
  them, toying with her body. Making the girl stumble against Mark moaning. "Soon
  enough, girl," Mark whispered to her as he pinched a nipple through her shirt. "Soon,
  enough." 
 * * * 
 Azrael was lost in a sea of flesh. Hands and mouths everywhere, one moment
  Loki, then, Crystal and Selene. 
 He made a gasping cry as he felt his lifemate and bondmate, as they loved
  each other. He could feel them. He always could feel all that were with him.
  But never like this. He suddenly understood what Torin had gone through every
  time some one other than himself touched Sapphire. His respect for his little
  Mageling grew even more. He didn't know if it was because it was both his soulmate
  and his beloved lifemate that pushed him so, he wasn't sure, all he knew was
  that here, now, like this. All he could do was hold to Selene and tremble. 
 Justin tried pulling away as both Topaz and Zephyr tried to pull him between
  them. "Please," he tried to stop then from pulling his clothes from him. "Master,
  don't do this." He had been raped once so far tonight, and he was afraid that
  he would be again. 
 Zephyr caught the boy's face in his hands. "Don't fear me. Please, don't
  fear me. I won't hurt you." He moaned as he felt Topaz slipping her fingers
  into him, moving to work her fist in. "Damn, pretty face, don't do that right
  now." He hung his head, rocking back and forth. "I, I can't think like this." 
 Justin lay there watching as this one, who was planning to make him, let,
  him fuck him. Having the woman with him, having to suffer with her fist up
  him. It had to hurt, but the vampire wasn't acting like she was hurting him,
  if anything the way he was carrying on, he liked it. 
 Topaz just grinned as she thrust even harder, listening to her lover cry
  out in pleasure. Cerberus had taught her this trick back when she had first
  taken Zephyr as her lover. He had made the observation that her hands were
  just so small. If his Fledgling could take both he and his second son, Jacob,
  surely her whole fist wasn't any larger. "Go on, baby, make love to Justin.
  I'll take care of you." 
 Zephyr looked up, eyes, dilating as he focused his will on the boy beneath
  him. *Master? *   His thoughts touched Azrael's. *It
  would be a whole lot easier for him, if he were blood bound to me. *   "Listen
  to me, baby, no pain, never again. No pain." He drew the knife in his hand,
  across his throat, pulling Justin's mouth to his throat. Bonding the boy to
  him, as his body, drove, home that ownership. 
 Justin cried out, body jerking from his first taste of Zephyr's blood, as
  it passed his lips. 
 * * * 
 Crystal reached for Azrael, even as Loki pulled Selene to him. This was
  all so wonderfully new and unbelievable that she couldn't think of anything
  but loving this man. And as Azrael pulled her under him burying himself into
  her, she screamed spasmed once then fled consciousness. 
 Loki patted Azrael's cheek, trying to wake his husband , *beloved?
        *  
 Azrael smiled as he opened his eyes. Over three thousand years and still
  there was joys left in this world that could render him weak and helpless. *Oh
  my. *   He kissed Loki, before turning to Crystal. "Sweet?" 
 Crystal stretched smiling. "Hi." 
 "Are you well?" He closed his eyes as he felt her lips against his neck. 
 "Well?" she pulled away, giggled under his fingers. "Define well. Father." 
 He shook his head, pulling her even closer to him. "I did not hurt you,
  did I love?" 
 She nodded. "A little, but it's a pain that I could get to like, fast." She
  cried out as Azrael ground his hips against hers. "Real fast." 
 He thrust down softly. "Make love to my beloved with your fingers as I love
  you again." *We are as one now. Share this joy, with my husband.
  *  
 Loki held out a hand to Mark. "Come here, love." He sighed as Crystal slid
  two fingers into him. "Don't be shy, love. Azrael and I have loved each other,
  this way, many times." 
 "Ow," she cried out in pain as Azrael tried to enter her anally. "Stop." 
 *Beloved, *   Azrael touched his lovers' mind. *She
        is my soul, help her, I can no longer dominate her. *  
 *Crystal, *   Loki pulled her head down to his
  throat. *Feed, Childe, your love does not mean for you to hurt.
  *   Then to, Casey,  *love your Mistress, Pet.
  Help her Master. *   And as he felt Crystal's fangs sink into
  his throat .   *Pleasure love, only joy,
  and pleasure. *  
 Brandy cried out as Hunter pushed her into the bed, gently. "Please, Master." 
 "Hush, Brandy." He whispered. "Stop, don't fear, please, don't fear."  *Father,
        help, me! *   He reached madly for Gabriel as he fought
        the urge to feed. 
 *There is no need for fear, child. No pain, only, pleasures.
        No fear you, do not have any, fear. *  
 No fear, yes, why should she fear him? He wasn't going to hurt her. 
 *Thank you. *   He was able to pull back from
  her as he felt the fear she was bathing him in fade. 
 *I am here for you, love, always here for you. *   He
  handed Hunter a knife. *Why don't you go ahead, and make her lack
  of fear, not longer forced, but freely given. *  
 Hunter took the knife, nodding to Gabriel . *Go on Gabriel,
        I'll take care of her. *  
 Again the knife poised at another throat. "Brandy? Baby, do you hear me?" 
 Brandy nodded, smiling a little. "Yeah, Master, I can hear you." 
 Hunter pulled the blade down hard against his throat, cutting a deep gash. "Good,
  then drink, baby." 
 Hunter closed his eyes as Brandy pressed up against him, responding to his
  love. "Roll over, honey, share this with Jewel." 
 "No," Jewel moaned, trying to resist, struggling against Gabriel's hold
  on her. "No, I'm not," she almost screamed as Gabriel pulled her up, exposing
  her sex as he filled her sweet heat, teeth locking on her throat. "Ah," she
  shuddered, moving against him. Fear, shyness and trepidation gone as the blaze
  of his hunger took her. 
 * * * 
 Megel nodded to Shadow as they entered him chamber. "See to your boy, while
  I see to Austin." He wrapped an arm over the shoulder of his newest pet. "Now
  you are here, Austin, is it what you thought?" Fingers moving, to, unbutton
  the younger mans shirt. 
 "God, I hope so." He had fallen love with a vampire erotica, some year's
  back, and now, here, knowing that it was all true, he was wanting to live out
  his dreams so much. 
 "So, my little sisters books affected you." He just laughed when Austin
  looked up at him in confusion. "Did you ever wonder why, with the way those
  books read, that there were never any more of them out by this woman?" He grinned
  at the boy. "She found out that we weren't just in her dreams, that we are
  real. Everything in those books really happened. 
 Austin swallowed a lump in his throat. "Everything?" There had been several
  murders, in it. He just never connected the ugliness with the Fantasy. 
 "Yes, pet, everything." He leaned in and kissed him. "Now, do not fear me.
  If all you have read of me is fact, then you know I will not hurt you." 
 Austin nodded his head, trying to smile. "I know, sorry, but it takes a
  minute." 
 "How old are you, pet?" 
 Be twenty-nine the twenty ninth of August, why?" 
 "Trying to get a feel for what to expect from you, love. I had not realized
  you were quite that old. You do not look your age." 
 He grinned. "Yeah, James, Jimmy, used to complain that he felt like a desperate
  middle aged fag, trying to hold on to his youth, every time we went out. I
  preserve well." 
 Megel just laughed at him. "I didn't say old, as in you look old, I only
  said, as old, I thought you were several years younger. Relax pet, I'm not
  about to change my mind. You are mine, and you will stay mine." 
 * * * 
 Azrael pulled away as Crystal fell across Casey's body, still shuddering. "Rest
  for a moment, love." He stroked her hair as he looked up seeking his other
  pet. "Willow, pet, come here little slave." He smiled at her. What she had
  been forced to live through had altered her just a little, and after he lost
  both his Childe as well as his Childe's mate, she had suddenly been willing
  to step into the role of both a pet and a slave. Even going so far as to obey,
  Maria, when she took her to be pierced as Sapphire had been. "Take care of
  me, Willow." He stroked her hair as she went to clean him of his love play
  with Crystal. "Enough, look up at me Willow, be my little slave tonight." He
  smiled, touching her cheek, eye's dilating as he lured her into obedience. "You
  will drink the urine of those still mortal tonight. And it will be as heady
  as the finest of wines for you. I long to see you drunk on the water you will
  drink from those who offer it to you tonight." He tasted the bitterness of
  her mouth as he kissed her. "Poor little pet. Your needs burn so brightly in
  you." She melted into his arms as he drank. Her blood filling him easing, his,
  thirst. 
 "Please, Master." She ran a hand through his hair as he drank from her.
  She was lost in the glory that always swept over her whenever any of them fed
  from her. 
 She still could remember how frightened she had been the first time, Loki
  had given her to Azrael, after he had just made Topaz, and was so hungry. But
  the gentle passion that he had gifted her, with his hunger, had not only eased
  her fears, it had moved her in ways that were both wonderful and frightening.
  She had submitted to be their toy and slave that night, always and forever
  to belong to them. 
 "Go, little slave." Azrael kissed her, enticing a moan from her as he pinched
  her nipple lightly. "Beg Mark, and the rest of your mortal lords and ladies,
  for their gift of water to you." And this time when he kissed her, he dominated
  her completely, his will coming down hard on her. "Beg them, Willow, beg and
  enjoy the bitterness and heat." His kiss became hard. "You will masturbate
  for them, perform for their gift." And an even, softer whisper, "you will climax
  repeatedly. As long as you can drink, you will cum." He released her, watching
  as she hurried, fingers stroking, herself, to grovel before Mark. Reaching
  to lower her head to take the young man into her mouth. 
 "Good, girl." Mark whispered, stroking her hair as he let his bladder go. 
 There were only five pets, only five, but by the time she had made it to
  Jewel, she was so drunk, so lost in heat and pleasure. "Please, Mistress." She
  lay there, sobbing. 
 Jewel, pulled back, shocked. They couldn't be serious. "No," her head shook
  violently. 
 Gabriel took her by the arm, bending to kiss her lightly. "Yes, pet, give
  Willow what she has asked for. See she has begged so prettily for it." Again,
  light gentle domination. "Mind me, sweet. Straddle our little slaves face,
  and share your loving with her, even as you gift her with your urine." He helped
  her to position herself over Willow, crying out in pleasured surprise at the
  feel of a mouth and tongue on her. "Now, lean forward and share this with her,
  she has been so good, don't you think? Reward our little slave for me baby.
  Reward her." 
CHAPTER 6 
 Lerion, smiled, stroking Brandon's hair as the boy clung to him, lost in
  what Wolf was doing. He knew that, soon enough, he would have to begin his
  training. He hadn't ever had to train one before, living as he had from those
  on the Hall. But now, he was a Sire, and as such, had to start behaving responsibly,
  or he knew Azrael, would take him to task, and as his new adopted father, could
  see to it that he hated life for a while. 
 Brandon's head tossed back, crying out, softly, at the feel of something
  in him as Aaron began to thrust gently. 
 He was so confused, he wanted so much, but he didn't fully understand why.
  All he knew was that his body was no longer under his control. He wanted to
  pull away, resist this thing that they were making him feel. But his body wouldn't
  listen. Even as his mind and soul screamed no, his body begged to be touched.
  And as Lerion took a knife, cutting himself across the left breast then pulled
  his mouth up to drink. His soul screamed in agony. 
 Lerion moaned. He could not believe what this boy in his arms was making
  him feel. No one, not-since, Derrick, had anyone made him feel this way. Not
  even Wolf, his First-Born who he loved so much now had given himself, so totally,
  had been like this. And as his Fledgling pushed Brandon back into his arms,
  he lowered his mouth, losing himself, in the beauty of it. 
 *Lerion! *   Wolf's mind screamed, as he struggled
  to break the hold Lerion had on Brandon. *Father don't, not like
  this. Make him want it. *  
 Lerion growled low as he pulled back, fighting with himself. *You
        are right. Thank you. *   He touched Brandon's cheek. "Brandon?" 
 Brown eyes, bright with tears, opened. "Master?" He whispered. "Why did
  you stop?" 
 Lerion smiled. "I almost didn't." It didn't matter how much he wanted this
  boy. Wolf was right. The boy would have to wait. Lerion had already been given
  permission to make Wolf his Childe, but he knew damn well, that Azrael, who
  didn't know this boy, or care, would not turn a blind eye to him trying for
  a second. "Sorry, honey, but I lucked out and was allowed to have my boy here,
  I just don't think I could, even after all the pain we have been forced to
  live through, get away with a second. But I promise this, you are my Chosen.
  And as soon as I am allowed to pass my Gift along to another, it will be you." He
  chuckled, making a soft shushing noise, as Brandon cried out softly in protest. "No,
  listen to me, I can't. Wolf, is mine, only because it is better for a Childe
  to make a Childe, than to let his life, wither and die. But I was allowed him,
  and only him. You, move me in a way that no one other than Derrick ever has,
  but I am going to have to wait. Be patient, Brandon, you have all the time
  in the world. I am sure before your hundred and fifty is up, I will have long
  since been given permission." He kissed the young mortal in his arms. "Now,
  lay back and rest for a while. I have to take care of what was put in my care.
  Wolf has got to be near mad from hunger, he still hasn't quite finished dying
  yet." 
 Brandon watched as Lerion pulled Wolf to his throat, whispering encouragement's
  to the newly, made, Childe. He wanted this, so much, didn't understand why
  he did, but the pain and need he felt all around him, made him almost desperate
  to throw himself at the vampire that now owned him, and beg. 
 * * * 
 Harris tried to calm Melanie. The girl was almost hysterical. "Come on honey,
  I'm not going to hurt you. The Adept, who promised to stand as my adopted father,
  would bounce my against a wall three or four times if he thought I had so much
  as harmed a hair on your head." He stroked her cheek, wiping the tears there,
  from them. "Besides, I don't make a habit of hurting anyone. Ask Doc, or Christian,
  I don't play those games." 
 "Harris," Doc lay beside him, holding Christian. "I believe you need to
  see to my new brother here. I think he's hungry." He laughed softly as Christian
  moaned against his throat. "I remember what I was like, just after you made
  me." 
 Harris looked from her to Christian. "Damn." He had forgotten how much trouble
  having one still attached to you, constantly, was. "Okay," he smiled at Melanie. "Baby,
  I know you still need a little more time, but, I just ain't got it right now.
  Christian, he is dependent on me, and I can't take care of him, until I feed." 
 "You," she tried to pull away from him. He was going to drink her blood,
  he was a vampire, and he was going to feed on her. "No," she shook her head,
  trying to break away from the hands that held her. "Don't, please." 
 "Ssshh," Harris caught her face again. "Listen to me Melanie, I won't hurt
  you, I will never hurt you. But you have to try to trust me, just a little." He
  had never dominated anyone. Doc had been his lover long before he had made
  him his First-Born, and his Husband, even before he was his Childe. But now,
  like this, he had no choice. He couldn't see to the responsibility that his
  taking of Christian as his, presented him, without feeding, and he couldn't
  feed from her, as she was, right now, without bending her to him. "It's okay,
  baby, I promise. It's okay." He hushed her cries as he tilted her head to on
  side, bending to sink his fangs into her flesh, easing his own hunger, so he
  could take care of Christian. 
 * * * 
 Megel felt Austin shudder under him as he covered him, listening to Shadow's
  soft cries, as Julian spanked him. "Look up, Austin." He murmured, kissing
  the back of the man's throat. 
 "Oh, man," Austin moaned, softly as he took in what was playing out in front
  of them. "Damn." 
 "Isn't it beautiful?" He thrust down hard. "I live with this every night," He
  would not think about Cain, would not remember what he had come to mean to
  him, or Amber and Ben. Wouldn't let his heart remember his love and pain, not
  now, here, with this mortal man in his arms. "It's maddening, is it not?" Again
  he thrust listening to Austin's moan of both pleasure and agreement. He took
  his knife, reaching to pull his hair aside, nicking his own jugular, before
  pulling Austin's head to the wound. "Drink, be mine." And as he felt Austin's
  mouth, cover, the wound, he lost himself in the heat. Thrusting down with true
  passion. 
 "Master," Julian looked up at Megel. "Pull him up please." He waited until
  Megel pulled back resting on his knees. Austin coming up with him. "Now, slave." He
  brought the belt down even harder on Shadow's lover back and buttocks, "blow
  him. Blow him while I beat you until you cum." 
 The blows didn't hurt Shadow, and he knew Julian was well aware of that
  fact, as he leaned forward to obey. But the concept that he was being spanked,
  being mastered again, it made the blows have meaning. He sobbed under the blows
  as he felt and tasted Austin's first orgasm . *Harder, *   his
  mind cried to Julian . *Please, Master, harder. *   He
  missed the belt that Megel had fixed for Julian; it had been much more effective.
  But he would have to wait until night to have his Sire fix another. So for
  now, all he could do was beg the fragile mortal that was trying so hard to
  give him what he wanted to make a greater effort. 
 Julian was trying, he always tried, to give his master what he wanted. Had
  always, from the moment that Shadow had been willing to open to him, to welcome
  him to his world, tried to give him what he, wanted, what he needed. Julian
  knew Shadow was his Master, and now, more important than ever, he was Shadow's,
  Chosen. 
 "Pet." Megel pulled away, leaning forward to kiss Austin, before reaching
  for Julian. "Come, love him as I did, I will see to my Childe." 
 Austin came again as he felt Julian move to fill him, Shadow's pained cries
  filling the air. The, sound, of the belt, much louder now that it was Megel
  and not the mortal that welded it. 
 "Come here," Megel pulled Shadow to him. Blow me baby, see to it that I
  am clean before I make love to you." 
 Shadow pulled up, reaching to kiss Austin. "Make love to me, Austin, make
  love to me, even as my Master makes love to you." He kissed him one more time,
  before turning to obey Megel, his real master. 
 Austin was so caught up in what he was feeling that he almost didn't feel
  Julian as the boy pushed him forward. But as he felt the youngster's hand on
  him again, directing his erection forward and into Shadow, he just cried out,
  losing himself, again, in what he was feeling 
 Shadow came, crying both in pain and in pleasure as his master and Sire,
  forced him forward, using almost brutal force as he took him, burying himself
  deep in his Childe. 
 * * * 
 Austin lay in Megel's arms, relaxed and at peace for the first time, in
  oh so long. "Master." He pulled up to look at Megel. 
 "Yes, pet?" Dark blue eyes smiled at him. 
 "Will you," he swallowed the lump in his throat. "Will you make me like
  Shadow?" 
 Megel just chuckled. "I don't think anyone can be made to be like my son.
  I think he was like this, long before I met him. I only allowed him to open
  up to what he was." 
 "No, not like that." He looked to where Shadow rested, holding Julian. "I
  don't think I could ever do that. I mean, like him, as in, make me your Fledgling." 
 "I knew what you meant. I was just trying to avoid the question." He stroked
  the man's cheek. "I only just got you. I can't afford to do that, not yet.
  I honestly want to do as you request, but I have to go and collect a few more
  pets before I can give you what you ask. And you have to learn how to be here.
  Wait, give me time, and once you have faced everything that living here, and
  belonging to me, means. Then yes. Once I have another pet or three, I will
  give you what you ask." He so wanted to give this mortal what he had asked
  for. He wanted to replace the hole that ate at him, the one that used to be
  filled with his lost Childe. Cain had come to mean so much to him. Much more
  than he ever thought he would, or ever even could. But even though he knew
  Austin had known who and what he was, even before he met him, he also knew
  that the willingness that the man displayed, thus far, would come to an end
  at some point. He had claimed his body, and his mind, but Austin's soul was
  not his yet. He sighed. "Come on, pet." He pushed the man up. "It's late, and
  I am going to sleep soon. Let me see to your chaining." 
 "Why?" Austin looked at him, confused. "Megel, Master, Megel, what ever
  you want to be called. I came, into this, eyes, wide open. I won't do anything." 
 "I know that, but I still don't have it in me to run a risk that I will
  have to punish you. So for now, until I feel like I own you completely, I will
  see you chained while Shadow and I sleep." He saw the hurt and rebellious look
  in Austin's dark eyes. He lay a finger on his lips. "Don't, pet, arguing will
  only get you punished, and that is what I am trying to avoid." 
 Austin closed his eyes. He would have to wait, have to make this man, believe
  him when he said that he wanted him and his Gift. "Yes, Master." 
 Megel just laughed at him as he rose to stand. "Jupiter's balls, boy, you
  have all the time in the world, you can't expect to get it all in one night.
  Be satisfied that you are my Chosen now, and be patient." 
 * * * 
 Hunter did something, for the second time that he had ever done. Not since
  he had started sleeping with Gabriel. He woke early. The gnawing pain in his
  gut pulled him up out of a deep slumber. And as he locked his mouth to his
  Sire and husbands throat, cooling the burn. He finally fully woke up. 
 *You are awake early. *   Gabriel's sleepy thoughts
  touched him as he fed . *Hunger wake you love? *  
 *How long is it going to be, again, before I don't wake up
        the minute the sun sets? *   He was not at, all, amused
        by being dragged up from a sound sleep. 
 *Six weeks, maybe a couple of months, why, you don't like feeding
        from me now? *  
 *Love it, just hate to have to wake up, the moment the friggin'
        sun sets. *  
 Gabriel laughed. "Poor love. Spoiled already. Well, you have fed. The pain
  it's gone now, right?" 
 "Yeah, Gabriel, it's gone." He lay back down against him. 
 "Then go back to sleep. I'm not in any more of a hurry to get up, than you
  are. And Jewel is still asleep. When she wakes, then I'll get us moving, but
  until then, let's just go back to sleep." 
 A sleepy moan from the corner of the bed as Jewel turned over, eyes opening
  to glare at them. "You mean, Jewel was still asleep, 'don't you', Master?" 
 Hunter just groaned, laughing. "Busted." 
 "You can go back to sleep dear, I won't make you wake up yet. I am still
  tired, and I know Hunter is. I promise, from here on, I will see to his feeding
  and care, without waking you." He closed his eyes, opening himself to all that
  was in the house. "Well, we aren't the first to wake. Lerion is as busy seeing
  to Wolf's care as Azrael and Loki are to Crystal and Selene." 
 "You gonna finish my brand tonight, Master?" Lover or no, Hunter knew that
  he would have to remind Gabriel of some things that he knew his friend, husband
  and Sire would go out of his way to forget. "Take me from your Chosen to your
  Childe?" 
 Gabriel smiled as he roll over, pinning Hunter to the bed. "Yes, love, I
  am. Finish your brand, and then set the seal. We are lifemate's; I will never
  push you out. You will never be asked to walk away from me." Fangs pierced
  the flesh at Hunter's throat, even as Hunter pulled up against him to feed
  again. Locking the two lovers in, a, bliss that before now, Hunter had never
  dreamed possible. 
 * * * 
 Topaz, groaned, leaning against Zephyr. "Was I ever that bad?" She muttered,
  listening to Crystal's soft cries as she fed. 
 Zephyr just chuckled sleepily. "Yeah, pretty one, you were. We all were
  at one time or the other. Give your baby sister a break. She's been Kin for
  what, not quite twenty-four hours. Hellfire, she didn't finish dying until
  before she finally went to sleep this morning. Being your Master's, soulbonded,
  is going to make things ever so interesting for her. I don't know about you,
  but, love the man though I do, I don't think I could deal with it." 
 "You better believe you couldn't deal with it." Topaz giggled. "Just you
  remember who you belong to, boy." 
 "You only own parts of me, pretty girl. My body and soul are, and always
  will be my Master's. My heart, on the other hand, yes, I admit it. You stole
  it." 
 "Okay, you two." Azrael pulled away from Crystal as the girl rested on his
  chest. "What is it that the two of you are babbling about, now?" 
 "Nothing, Master." Zephyr smiled at the elder Kin. "Just defending your
  newest to Topaz." 
 "Jealous, love?" 
 "No, Daddy, just grumpy. I forgot how early hunger can hit, that's all." Topaz
  gave Zephyr a nasty look. 
 And he decided, quickly, that discretion really was the better part of valor,
  and chose to change the subject. "So, lady love. If our Sire's agree, would
  you grace me with consenting to carrying my lifemate mark?" 
 Topaz looked up at him, blood red tears sparking in her eyes. It was one
  thing to wed for life, a whole different matter all together, to be willing
  to carry the brand and the bond as well. She had only seen two pair that carried
  the mark. Oddly enough, it was Azrael and Loki, her Sire and his husband, and
  Cerberus and Eris, which were Zephyr's Sire and brother. "Yes, hell yes." Then
  she stopped. "But Zeph, I don't know how I could mark you. Young you might
  be, but you still have a good twenty years on me. Carry your mark. Share a
  lifemate bond with you, with pride and with honor, always. But how the hell
  am I going to mark you?" She didn't realize just how much she sounded like
  her Sire in her little speech. 
 Azrael just laughed softly. "By hoping that your Sire will support you.
  Zephyr might be older than you, but the boy is just Kin, and no Mage." 
 "Will you?" She bit her lip. "Please, Azrael, Daddy, he's my lifemate, my
  husband. Would you help me to tell the whole bloody world who he is?" 
 "So, I am to play the proud Father, and give away his daughter in marriage?" 
 "Well, technically we eloped." She grinned at him. "Please, Father, Sire." She
  pulled away from Zephyr to pull herself against Azrael. "Please, if Cerberus
  agrees." 
 Azrael bent, pressing his face into her hair. "You are so young. So very
  young, and already, I am losing you." 
 "Never happen." He would help her. Now if only Zephyr's Sire would be as
  willing and understanding. "You are my Sire, I love Zeph, more than anyone
  else in the world, other than you and Loki. But I love you, first and foremost,
  I love you." 
 He closed his eyes, at the feel of her teeth at his throat. "Yes, Childe,
  you know I will. I who have both a hearts light and a soulbond, you should
  have known, I would never refuse you this." He opened his eyes, locking them
  with Zephyr's. "I have not had to warn you in a long time boy, but I will again.
  Do not, ever, hurt my Childe." 
 Crystal just laughed. "Him, hurt her?" The absurdity of the idea was just
  too funny. "Azrael, really, he is in more danger of getting hurt himself, going
  out of his way to keep her from getting hurt, than ever hurting her. They're
  lifemated. She is his wife. Could you ever hurt Loki? She is the Keeper of
  His Heart." 
 "If, I didn't know that you read our hearts and souls as you do." Zephyr
  muttered. "I would resent your arrogance. But as you can, thank you." 
 "Arrogance?" Loki whispered, finally deciding to join the conversation. "She
  just defended you, Zeph, how do you figure arrogance in that?" 
 Zephyr looked down. "Okay, maybe arrogance was the wrong word." He looked
  up at Crystal. "Sorry, cousin, I'm not fully awake yet." 
 Crystal yawned. "S'kay, I'm known for being a real bitch when I don't get
  enough sleep, too." 
 * * * 
 Cerberus looked up, growling, as a light touch on his mind. *What?
        *   It was too damn early. 
 *Good evening to you as well. *   Azrael's amused
  thoughts. 
 *Sorry, uncle, it's just an unholy early hour. What, that new
        Childe of yours got you up with the setting sun? *  
 *Of course, surely you remember how your brood was, when, they
        were newborn? *  
 *Point made Azrael. So what can I do you out of this time?
        My boy driving you nuts already? *  
 Soft mental laughter flowed over Cerberus . * Actually, I was
        calling on Zephyr's behalf. Or perhaps it is on Topaz's. *  
 *Those two are interchangeable, so what do they want this time?
        Bad, enough, that they up and went behind our backs and wedded. Next
        thing you know, they'll want to mark each other. *   This
        time the laughter wasn't light, but full and whole . *Ha,
        I knew it. So, they have you calling me, to ask for my blessings? *  
 *Blessings, permission, which ever you want to, call it. And
        before you ask, I have already given mine. *  
 *Well, that pretty much seals it for me then. I don't back
        you in this and give my okay. I will never hear the end to it. Zeph can
        be damn right hard headed where that girl of his is concerned. Who would
        have ever guessed? The boy is queer as a football bat, and here he ups
        and mates for life with a woman. I'm too damn old for this. *   Cerberus
        grumbled . *Okay, have him gather enough courage to ask
        me, and I'll tell him yes. *  
 *He and Topaz should be by soon enough. Just, I know it is
        early and all, but please, try to refrain from growling at my Childe.
        She is already upset enough over all of this. *  
 *Shit, that girl just giggle's, when I growl at her. She knows
        damn well that I would no more hurt her than I would Zeph. Spoiled, that
        is what they both are. And we have no one to thank but the two of us.
        First, I tried to control his mouth, but then he started courting that
        little Chosen of yours. It got even worse when you made her your Childe.
        They had to be with each other, every damn minute of ever night. We should
        have nipped it in the bud. But, I figured, what, could it hurt, they
        needed each other. Topaz, because you were still with Loki and the two
        of you were still hurting so badly. Zeph, I don't know, maybe it's because
        she was the only woman that he ever really felt anything, other than
        simple fondness for. *  
 *Hindsight is ever perfect. I am no more thrilled over this
        than you are. I too think they are simply too young. But alas, you have
        no control over the Fledgling once it takes flight. *  
 *Oh I could control him, easy enough, but I won't. His emotional
        well being is all too tied up in that girl of his. So I will put up with
        it. *  
 *Just look at your husband every time you want to step on your
        Childe and his love. That is what I have to do. *  
 *Doesn't do me a damn bit of good. Anytime I make a comment
        to Eris. He swings from husband to Childe at the drop of a hat. And gives
        me guilt if I don't smile and nod graciously. The rest of my Brood is
        no better. Well, let me go, send my boy home, and I'll make the required
        parental speech and then let them do what they are planning to do anyway.
        *   And the connection was broke. 
 "Well?" Topaz sat in Zephyr's lap. 
 "He grumbled, but if you are brave enough to seek his permission, he will
  give it, grudgingly, but he will give you his permission." Topaz squealed,
  hugging Zephyr. "Go on, both of you. The sooner you talk to Cerberus, the sooner
  you can come back and ask my help." 
 Zephyr laughed as Topaz threw her arms around Azrael, planting kisses all
  over his face. "Thank you, Azrael. You have no idea what this means to us." 
 "All I ask of you, boy, is do try to make my Childe happy." Azrael suddenly
  felt so old. He had thought, long ago, that after the first few thousand years
  he had lived that he was past the normal feelings of age. But here, now, like
  this. He felt old. 
 "You're almost four thousand years old, Master." Crystal lay in his lap,
  hugging him. "You're not exactly a spring chicken anymore." 
 "Yes," his smile was a touch grim. "And as old as I am, I am soulbonded
  to a Childe that was only how old, twenty-four, twenty-five, when she died,
  and is now an infant. I am nothing more than a lecherous old man. 
 Crystal just laughed at him. "Lecherous, old, Father, love, you're a vampire,
  vampire's don't count." She shook her head. "We are, dead, remember. The dead
  don't age." 
 It wasn't Azrael who spoke first. "You have it almost right, cousin," Zephyr
  smiled at her. "Our body's are dead, but our soul's they still are quite alive.
  So vampires do age just very, very, very, slowly. The elder is over three thousand
  years old, which makes him of a stunningly mature age by Rogue standards. I've
  only, knowingly, been of the Lines for just a very short time. So I don't know
  how they view age. But he isn't near as old as some. He still has almost over
  three the age he is now, to even touch the Lady Isis's age." 
 "See." She looked smug. "Even if you are old, I've still got all the time
  I could ever dream to be with you and Loki. You are Lifemate's and I am your
  soulmate." 
 Azrael just chuckled, squeezing her. "Pay me no mind. I am just a tad grumpy
  today. It is not, everyday, that I have a three-year-old infant, getting a
  husband." 
 "I might only be three in vampire age, but I'm nineteen in mortal years," Topaz
  quipped 
 "Damn, baby." Zephyr laughed, pushing her off his lap so he could stand. "Now
  I 'feel' old. I was your age when I became Cerberus's son. That makes me damn
  near forty-three now." He pulled her close as they faded. 
 * * * 
 The man chained, naked, on the bed, began to struggle and beg as Gabriel
  followed by Hunter entered the room. "No, please, not again." He had been beaten
  and raped the night before by Hunter. It had taken hours for the pain of the
  broken hip to finally ease as it healed. 
 "Be quiet." Gabriel snapped. Reaching to release the manacles that held
  him leg's spread. "Get up, I don't want to have to deal with you if you make
  a mess on yourself. As is, you are only living on borrowed time, but while
  you are alive, do try to be as little a problem as possible." He pulled the
  man up by the hair of his head. "Go on, the bathroom is right there, use it." He
  stood, waiting for the man to obey. But the mortal only looked at him. 
 "Do not make me tell you what to do again. My Childe is already to go hungry
  for now, just so he can kill you, it took me forever to talk him out of it.
  Should I let him have his way?" 
 "No," he turned, trying hard not to think of what was watching him as he
  went to the bathroom. 
 Gabriel came up behind him, touching one of the bruises on his back. "I
  see Hunter, saw to it that you suffered for what you did to that boy you hurt." He
  chuckled as he felt the man twitch as he let his hand move down the man's body,
  reaching to grip his penis, in a vice like grip. "It is really rather a pity
  I was still out. I would have enjoyed helping him teach you the true meaning
  of pain." His voice was like ice. "I might still. Hunter is still very young.
  He still doesn't know how to cause real pain, without leaving the marks he
  did. Trust me, I am not so limited." 
 The man tried to pull away from the hand that threatened so much pain. Only
  to, have, the hand, tighten, on him. He screamed, knees buckling, retching
  as the hand that held him in a torturous grip, twisted. Gabriel's arm around
  his waste was the only thing that kept him from falling. 
 Hunter moved to the bathroom door. "Go on and feed, lover. Believe it or
  not, I'm hungry again, and if you won't let me finish with him, the least you
  can do is what we came by here to do. I still have to feed him a little of
  my blood. Not even he deserves to suffer like he is going to suffer if I don't." 
 "Compassion, from you, for him. My word, love, after what you did last night,
  I didn't think you had any for him." 
 "I probably wouldn't have any, but I waited too long, just once, and I know
  what it feels like. It hurts worse than it did last night when I was so hungry." He
  shrugged. "So, yeah, as long as you plan to keep him alive, I might as well
  do my part to keep him from taking all the fun out of torturing and raping
  him. It just isn't the same if I know he is in more pain because he is starving,
  than anything I am doing to him." He grinned. "Besides, I know how he is going
  to react to you feeding from him, and when I give him my blood, he's going
  to be ready to bust a nut." 
 Gabriel just laughed letting the man go, watching him fall forward, hitting
  his head on the porcelain, crying out as he fell into the floor, holding his
  head and his balls. "And here, I thought you weren't as evil as I am. I am
  proud of you, love. You are well on your way to understanding our kind of justice." 
 "Honey, I knew this kind of justice, long before I ever met you. It's just
  now; I can shell it out. The Law in this place won't know if they should hate
  me or thank me, because trust me. Once I can feed from someone other than you,
  I will, and I will often. But if it isn't one of ours, it's going to be from
  the scum that likes to hurt little boys and girls. Evil knows evil, and as
  I have a bit of evil in me now, it shouldn't be hard to track it." 
 Gabriel turned, grabbing Hunter. "Hunter, Will," he held him close. "Don't
  say that. There is nothing evil about you. The beast is not evil, I know that
  now, it just is. A wolf is not evil, neither is a shark. The beast is part
  of our nature, not because it was there to begin with, it is there because
  our forefathers chose to live. It was the humans, the mortals that they bred
  with that gave birth to the beast." He felt his husband/Childe, press against
  him, his teeth at his throat. "Go on, precious, I will feed from him soon enough." 
 
 The man, momentarily forgotten, tried to crawl out of the room, trying to
  escape what he knew was coming. He had lived through so much last night. He
  couldn't live through it again. 
 Gabriel's eyes opened at the noise as the man tried to slip for the room. "Just
  where are you going?" He lifted his feeding Fledgling and went to block the
  man's escaped. Grinning at the feel of the man's fear as he looked up at what
  was rapidly becoming his nightmare. "You do know, I usually try very hard not
  to have the mortals in my care, fear me. But from you, it is sweet, and I enjoy
  the feel of it." 
 "Kill me, damnit, I'd rather die than let you or that, fucking, monster
  touch me again." He was tired of being afraid. Being afraid got them off. They
  liked when he feared them. 
 Gabriel gently released Hunter. Ignoring the mortal, for the moment. "Better
  now love?" He touched the Childe's cheek. Smiling down at him, before looking
  to the fool on the floor. "Monster, you call my husband a monster?" He reached
  and dragged the man up, bearing his fangs at him. "You, who chose to attack
  a defenseless boy, and you call him a monster. Mortal, you have no idea what
  the word means. But trust me, before this night is over, I will teach you.
  Of that you can be sure." And he sank his fangs into the man's throat. 
 'No! Oh god no'. The man fought down the response that was drawn up in him
  as Gabriel fed. 
 The cruel mental laughter mocked him, as one of his hands reached down to
  stroke him. *Oh yes little man, oh yes. *   
 *Drag him back to the bed, baby. I want to see you make him
        suffer before I feed him. Make him earn it. *   Hunter
        didn't care if Gabriel kept telling him he wasn't evil, here, like this,
        with this animal, he would just really rather be thought of as evil. 
CHAPTER 7 
 
 When Gabriel and Hunter left the man, chained spread on the bed again, the
  man was hurting so badly. Gabriel had been right; he now understood what a
  monster really was. And it wasn't either of the, vampire's, who had gone out
  of their way to punish him for what he had done. It was him, he had done the
  crime, hurt the boy. The creature's, who were now his owners, and masters,
  only, strived to make him see that. "Please," his voice cracked as he sobbed
  at the closing of the door. "Master, please, forgive me." 
 The door stopped, as Gabriel heard the plea. "What about it, Hunter, he
  isn't playing mind games with us, he is really, very, sorry." 
 "Well, yeah, after what we just did to him, I bet he is." Hunter was not
  going to feel sorry for the mortal. 
 "We could make him want us now. I personally think, for him, that would
  be much worse a fate than just killing him." 
 Hunter shrugged. "It's your call, you know I will back anything you decide,
  but Father, don't ask me to touch him unless you want him to be hurt. It's
  going to take more than just a change or heart for me to forgive him." 
 Gabriel smiled, reaching to stroke Hunter's cheek. "I know that. You wouldn't
  be you if all it took were a heartfelt apology, for you to forgive him his
  sins. But, beloved, if Azrael's little pet, the one that he hurt, if he forgives
  him, you think you then could?" 
 Hunter only smiled, "'beloved', you sound like Azrael when he talks to Loki." 
 Gabriel pulled him close. "Loki is Azrael's lifemate, you are mine. Azrael
  also happens to be my Grand-Sire. Is it any wonder that I sound a bit like
  him? Thorne was his Childe, and I, was, Thorne's First-Born." 
 "Gods, do you mean I am going to end up sounding like him?" He snickered,
  rolling his eyes. "The man can't even use conjunction's. Words like won't,
  can't, don't, and so on, are forever beyond him." 
 Gabriel just laughed at him. "He's almost four thousand years old, baby.
  If I were, that, old, I'd talk funny too. Now, you haven't answered my question.
  If Justin forgives him, will you?" 
 Hunter sighed. "Yeah, if the kid can forgive him, what he did to him, I
  guess I can too." 
 
 The man didn't try to struggle as Gabriel released him again. "Please, Master.
  Don't hurt me again, I'm sorry, I swear it, I'm sorry." He flinched as Gabriel
  lay a hand on his leg. "I swear it, I'm sorry." He was ashamed at himself as
  he began to cry as he felt a hand on his penis again. "Please, oh God please." 
 "What is your name?" The guilt that the man now felt over his actions was
  strong. 
 The man licked his lips. "I don't have one, he" he pointed at Hunter. "He
  took it away from me." 
 *It's Sam. *   Hunter's thoughts were soft. *And
        until he can ask Justin for forgiveness, he can have it. But only until
        Justin says no. *  
 Gabriel nodded, smiling at the man as he continued to caress him. "I will
  make a deal with you, Sam. If you can get that pet of my Grand-Sire's to forgive
  you, then both Hunter and I will forgive you too. Convince that boy you hurt
  so badly last night of your sincerity, and the pain is over. But if you fail,
  then back to the hell you are living now, you will go." He lowered his mouth.
  Fangs sinking into the man's throat again as he fed, listening to Sam's moans. 
 'Sam'  , the vampire had given him his name back. He
  shuddered as he felt the creature that held him, pull him up, against his chest,
  mouth welcoming the kiss that Gabriel granted him. "You have a choice, Sam." Gabriel,
  brushed his lips over the man's again. "You can come now, and hope that Justin
  forgives you, or you can wait until tomorrow night, and I will see to you tonight.
  I promise, if you wait, I won't hurt you. But if you go, and he won't forgive
  you, then I won't either, and I'll bring you back here and see to continuing
  your punishment." His hand tightened on Sam's erection, not hurting, but, not,
  as light as it had been. "No, it won't be making love, but, as I'm sure you
  know, a simple 'fuck' can still feel good." 
 Sam closed his eyes, defeated. He knew that the boy would never forgive
  him. Why should he, he now belonged to one of these creatures? If he hadn't
  raped him last night, the boy wouldn't be here. He would still be tortured.
  But his master, he had offered to give him, one time, and only, one time, when
  it wasn't going to be agony. "I, I'll wait." 
 Gabriel looked up at Hunter. "Will you share this with me?" 
 Hunter looked from him to the rapist. "I already told you, I'll back anything
  you decide to do, but unless Justin forgives him, I won't touch him unless
  I mean to hurt him." He had a small smile on his lips. "Sorry, Gabriel, beloved,
  but I just can't." 
 Gabriel looked down at Sam. "Come on, slave. You have an apology to make." He
  would see how willing this man was to obey. 
 Sam looked at his, fear returning to his face. "I don' understand. You said
  I had a choice." 
 Gabriel nodded to him. "Yes, but I can't give you what you are asking, if
  Hunter isn't comfortable with it. You probably won't understand this, but he
  is my whole world." 
 "Please, I don't care anymore, He won't forgive me, I know it. Why should
  he? I raped him; he's here because I took what I had no right to. But please,
  just once. I want to know, just once, what it feels like when it, don't, hurt." 
 Hunter lay a hand on Gabriel's shoulder. "Honey, if Justin isn't ready to
  forgive him, fine, I'll just go take Jewel and curl up somewhere. I know you
  aren't as vicious as I am. If you're willing to ease up on him for a night,
  I can live with that. I'll even give the kid a chance to get past what happened
  to him, and maybe forgive him. I won't ask to kill him for a while." Hunter
  couldn't do anymore for Gabriel, and Gabriel knew it. As it was, he was showing
  remarkable charity. 
 * * * 
 "But, pretty girl," Zephyr was confused, and frightened, by Topaz's insistence
  that she suffer the mark. "I can't do that to you. First, I can't hurt you,
  and second, which as far as he is concerned should be my first reason, your
  Sire will chew me up and spit me out, and then mine will put me back together
  long enough to do the same." 
 Topaz turned, looking pleadingly at Azrael. "Please; Az, Father, you wouldn't
  let me suffer with my mark, like you did. Please, just this once." 
 "What makes you think, if I did not let the brand hurt you the first time,
  when it was my mark, that I would allow it now?" Azrael fussed at her. 
 "Because, no matter what, you will always be my Sire, I will always be your
  Childe. But Zeph, he is with me forever. After my time with you, I will have
  to leave you. But I will never leave him. I have the bond with him, let me
  pay for it. Please, Father." Even, softer, "please, Daddy." 
 Azrael sighed. "Okay, you are right. I will suffer with you." He looked
  up at Loki and Crystal. "I am sorry, but I find myself quite unable to refuse
  my Childe her wish. Forgive me." Then he locked gazes with some of the most
  beautiful gray eyes, not black, but so dark a gray that it was a very close
  thing. *Block the pain, if you can beloved. I am unable to dominate
  her anymore, but you; you can block the pain. I willingly suffer with my Childe,
  but I will not ask either you or my soulbonded to suffer with me. *  
 *I will block her, but Topaz is your Childe, our Childe. I
        was unable to help you when she needed you so much in the beginning,
        but I will share this with you. *   Loki reached for Crystal,
        wrapping her in his arms, and in his power. She would not, suffer, no
        matter how great the pain was, she would not suffer. 
 Zephyr held the knife in his hand, looking down at the only woman he had
  ever truly loved. "Please, baby, don't ask me to do this. Me, I can deal with
  pain, but I don't know if I can, knowing it's your pain." 
 Topaz touched the brand on Zephyr's chest. "Why did you refuse a pain block
  when you got your mark?" 
 He smiled at her. "Because I believed what I was getting was worth any amount
  of pain." 
 "And you would take that away from me?" 
 Zephyr shook his head, "No, baby girl, I won't do that to you." He bit his
  lip as he made the first cut. Biting back a moan as Topaz cried out softly
  in pain. 
 Azrael held Topaz, sharing the agony with her, and through him, Loki as
  well. "Cry out, precious, cry out. Your love cannot, so cry out for both of
  you." 
 Topaz moaned, softly, trying her best to control what she was feeling. It
  didn't matter what her Sire advised, she knew if she made the noise he advised
  her to make, then Zephyr would never be able to finish her mark without a pain
  block. 
 The cold of the Dark Paths filled the room, even as Zephyr finished the
  mark. "What the hell is going on?" Cerberus stood there, Eris at his side. "You
  didn't make that little girl suffer, did you Zeph?" 
 Zephyr held her, waiting for the brand to heal. So that he could put his
  mark, power, on it, forever bonding her to him. "I didn't want to, Father,
  but she wouldn't carry it unless I let her." He lifted his face, to look at
  his master and Sire. Bloody tears flowed from both eyes. "I hurt her. I swore
  I'd never hurt her, and I did." 
 "Don't feel too upset with your boy, nephew." Azrael leaned back against
  Loki. "I could not block all the pain, but I didn't let her suffer the full
  agony that the branding can bring." 
 Cerberus looked at Azrael with horror. "You let him do this to her?" 
 "What could I do? If I refused her, her wish, then I would be saying that
  I do not support her life choice. She will leave me one day, but never her
  love. That is why they wanted the mark to begin with, to make a statement that
  they were committed for life, I could not deny them that." 
 "So, I am to suffer with him? I wish like hell, someone would warn me of
  these little developments. It's distracting as hell when I am hit with a unexpected
  burning in my chest." 
 "No, Father, I will take the block. I won't do that to her again. If what
  Azrael says is true, and he blocked some of her pain, then it must have hurt
  as much as it did when you gave me your brand. And now, she is going to have
  to rely on her Sire to help her mark me, he's a Mage, it's going to hurt more.
  Me, I'm not afraid of the pain, I'd suffer anything for her, but I won't let
  her. Not with the kind of pain she will feel. I won't ever let her hurt like
  that." 
 Cerberus reached out and touched his Childe's hair. "Well seeing as we are
  here. I can block the pain. And you don't have to worry about your little girl
  there." 
 But Topaz only pushed the knife away. "What is wrong?" 
 "Nothing, Sugar, just making sure that you never have to feel that kind
  of pain again." Zephyr nipped at her nose. "Now, pretty face, return the favor." 
 "But if you know what this means what it means to me, how can you hide the
  pain?" 
 "Because, baby girl, he knows exactly what it means to you. So he gave in
  when you wanted to pay the price, but even though he is older, and stronger
  than you are. Azrael, who is going to help you, is a Mage, and Mages tend to
  be a lot more painful, when they go to brand either a Childe, slave or pet,
  or in your case, a lifemate mark. Blame me blame your Sire. He blocked the
  pain for me when I marked Eris and I the same for Loki. And with role models
  like us, my boy is bound to be over protective of you." 
 Topaz smiled. "Okay, I give, it really isn't going to be as bad as he is
  worried about, but I won't fuss." She took the knife from Azrael. "You're going
  to help me, right, Daddy?" 
 Azrael just chuckled. "Of course, I will. I promised you, did I not?" He
  took her hand into his. Kissing it before pressing it against Zephyr's left
  breast, just below the mark of his Line. His power flowing from him into her,
  and through her, empowering her blood, making it powerful enough to negate
  the fact that she was, twenty years, younger than her lover was. 
 Cerberus held Zephyr as Azrael helped Topaz to make her mark on him. "You
  listen to me baby." He pressed his lips against the younger man's brow. "You
  take care of that little girl. And if you can't, just remember where you live,
  and don't hesitate to call for help." He smiled at Zephyr, love in his eyes. "Topaz
  might be your lifemate, but she is also my little cousin. I won't tolerate
  anyone threatening her, any more than her parent's or you will." 
 Zephyr just nodded, reaching up to kiss his Sire. "I know that, Father.
  Azrael has already reminded me of how much she means to him and Loki. Let's
  face it, Father, she is going to be the most protected Childe, since the first
  newly made of the Vampyr." 
 Azrael took the knife from Topaz as she bent down and kissed her mark, surrendering
  to the force that Zephyr had called into play. Letting him take her completely.
  He was now hers as much as she was his. 
 Cerberus just chuckled. "Go on boy, you may now kiss the bride." 
 Zephyr's fingers tangled in Topaz's hair as he brought her head down to
  meet his. "Kiss the bride," he placed kisses all over her face. "One time,
  ten times, a hundred, a thousand, a million, I don't care." 
 "So, they talked you into letting them mark each other." Megel's amused
  voice from the door. "Congratulations, little, sister. Mated couples seem to
  be taking over this house. First Azrael and Loki, then you and Zeph, and I
  am sure, knowing, Gabriel, he won't be satisfied until Hunter shares his with
  him." He pulled Topaz up, kissing her. "I am so happy for you, baby sister.
  That boy of yours is going to take as good care of you, as both his Sire and
  yours take care of their lifemate's." 
 "I am more worried about me taking care of him." She giggled as Megel tickled
  her. "Stop that, Megel, it tickles." 
 Megel just laughed, evilly. "I know that, why do you think I'm tickling
  you?" He just continued to laugh as she tried to get away. 
 "So, Megel, how was that boy you brought home last night?" Azrael just smiled
  tolerantly as His First-Born teased his little sister. 
 "Why don't you ask him, Master." Megel held out a hand to the man who stood
  there with Shadow and Julian. "Come on, pet, Azrael want's to check up on you.
  Don't be afraid of him, you know, I won't let anyone hurt you." Then back to
  Azrael. "His name is Austin. He knew, thanks to Crystal's books, who and what
  I was. He is the one that I mentioned last night. He asked to join me." He
  gathered his youngest sibling to him. 
 "So, pet, is what my boy say true? Did my Childe's books lead you to bind
  yourself to Megel?" 
 Austin dropped to his knee infront of Azrael. "Yes, Master, I fell in love
  with you all, back before I knew you were real. So when I saw," he looked up
  at Megel, as soft smile on his face. "When I say my master, and realized that
  it was all true, I had to come. And now, I am going to go, out of my way, to
  convince him that I know what I am talking about when I tell him, I want this.
  I know what I am asking for. And I am asking for him to make me his." 
 Azrael smiled. "And just how old are you, child?" 
 "Almost twenty-nine, Master." 
 Azrael looked to Megel. "What say you, Megel? He is not as young as most
  of the pets I bring into my domain." 
 "You know how I feel, Father. He's now my Chosen. I'd make him my Childe,
  now, if I wasn't still waiting for his soul to be mine." 
 "Love, if you are waiting for the boy to give you his soul, for you to make
  him your Childe, then he will never be yours. He is very much like you in that.
  He will not, give, you, that part of, himself, never until you make him your
  Childe. He cannot, he is a Mage. Yes, another Mage, they really are coming
  out of the woodwork it would seem. You have just been incredibly spoiled by
  your boy there." He gestured to Shadow, before looked back at Austin. "Come
  here, pet." 
 Austin trembled, as he let Azrael pull him up into his arms. He kept telling
  himself that he wasn't in any danger. So far, every thing that he had read,
  and believed, to, be true about them, was. He knew Azrael, knew he was safe.
  And as his mouth opened to Azrael's kiss, he couldn't stop the low moan he
  made. Pressing against him, as he felt Azrael's hands moving under his shirt,
  to stroke his chest. 
 Crystal leaned against Megel as she watched Azrael cuddle Austin in his
  arms. "You better go on and make him your Childe, Megel. If you don't, someone
  is going to try to snatch him from you. It isn't often that a mortal not only
  knows what we are, but is a Mage and is willing to go into bondage with his
  eyes open, and totally aware of what is going on." She advised him. "Torin
  doesn't count, he knew he was a Mage, and that is why he was able to detect
  Azrael to begin with. Austin only knows what he read in my books." 
 "I will, Hon, I will. Just as soon as I get a few more for Shadow and me,
  I will, I promise. But he deserves a little time to be my Chosen." 
 "Megel, he has been your Chosen in his heart, since he read my first book.
  Go out and get another pet or two. I know how much you miss Cain. It's almost
  physically painful." 
 He just kissed her. He knew he couldn't argue with her. He did miss Cain,
  so very much. "I will, baby. I'm taking Shadow out tonight, and if we are lucky,
  I will be able to take him, tonight when I get back. If not, maybe tomorrow
  night." 
 "Did you hear your Master pet? Soon enough, you will be my Grand-Childe." Azrael
  gently went to undress him. "You will be not only just a Childe of his, but
  his apprentice as well. Though your Mage abilities sing softly in you, you
  do have them." He chuckled as Austin moaned, hips rising to encourage his hand. "I
  take it that you are not shy." 
 "Please, Master," he cried out as he felt Azrael pull him closer still. 
 "Megel," Azrael held Austin to him, and the mortal began to openly respond
  to his loving nature. "Go, fetch, how ever many you feel you and Shadow are
  going to need. I will see to your Chosen while you are gone. You need to take
  your little sister and your hearts brother with you." 
 Megel just shook his head, laughing. "Yes, Father, I am going to go as soon
  as I can pull Shadow away from Jules. Just try not to wear my Chosen, and slave
  out. He is probably going to get as much time, if not less, as my Chosen as
  Crystal did for you." 
 Azrael only laughed as Austin began to work his way down his body. "Me,
  wear this one out. Pray notice who is attacking whom, Megel. I am in more danger
  of him wearing me out than he is from me. Now take your boy and your sibling
  and go hunting." He stroked Austin's hair as the mortal worked at the fastenings
  of his slacks. "And hurry back, Megel, or I might just forget myself and take
  him as mine." 
 "He is my Chosen, Father, please, remember that." Megel reached and pulled
  Shadow away from Julian. "Come on, Childe. I have to see to it that when I
  make him mine, I won't have to worry about having enough to see to him and
  you." He looked up to where Topaz and Zephyr were pulling themselves up, getting
  ready to follow him. "Come on little sister, time to go and see if we can find
  a few more." And they faded from the room. 
 Crystal curled up against Loki and Selene, watching Azrael with Austin. "You
  do know, once he's Kin, his abilities are going to take off at a real scary
  pace, don't you, Master? Believe it or not, but he'll be better than Tori ever
  could have been." 
 Azrael looked up from where he had been lost in contemplation. "Are you
  sure of this, love?" 
 She just laughed. "Me, am, I sure? Oh, yeah, dead on. He'll rise, and he'll
  rise whole and strong. And then it will be Megel's turn to deal with a Healing
  Mage. Not too shabby for a first time getting a Mage as a Childe, don't you
  think?" 
 "No, Childe, it is not shabby at all." 
 Cerberus pulled close to Azrael. "So, Megel nabbed him a Mage, hu?" He stroked
  Austin's hair, as he used his mouth on Azrael. "He's as bad as that little
  boy of Zephyr's." 
 "I will have you know," Azrael sighed, closing his eyes, hips rising at
  the warm mouth. "There is nothing wrong with Darion. The child is just overly,
  loving, and if this one is as loving, then I consider Megel very fortunate." 
 Cerberus pulled Eris close. "Do you think Megel will be ill with me if Eris
  and I go to share him with you and Loki?" 
 Austin looked up, real fear, in his eyes for the first time since coming
  here. "Master?" he looked at Azrael. 
 "It's okay, Austin." Crystal knew what the cause of his fear was. "You just
  read the first book, right? Well I know both Cerberus and Eris, they played
  a large role in not only my second book, but my third as well. They won't hurt
  you. Megel meant what he said, he won't let anyone hurt you." She looked up
  at Azrael. "I hate to spoil a perfectly good orgy. But believe it or not, I'm
  hungry again." 
 "Let your Father be honey." Loki stroked her hair. "I fed from Casey already
  once today. And we have plenty of feeders if I need more." He pulled her head
  to his throat. Eyes closing as she went to cool her hunger with his blood. 
 *Thank you, beloved, I keep forgetting that you can bear up
        under her needs as well as I can. *   Azrael felt just
        a bit of guilt at how relieved he felt that he was not the only one that
        could care for her. He opened his eyes to meet the black brown ones of
        Austin's, as he looked up at him. Part in fear, part in confusion. "It
        is all right, pet, I was only jesting with your master when I threatened
        to take you for my own. You are my First-Born's, Chosen. I will never
        let any harm you. Cerberus is my nephew. And Eris is very much like Hunter,
        and Doc, his husband and Childe." He kissed him softly. "Has your master
        seen to your needs tonight? You, who will be my Grand-Childe soon, if
        you need a tie with me to help get you past this, I offer it." He held
        Austin close as he reached for the knife in his boot. 
 "Yes, Master. Megel made sure I was taken care of when he unchained me when
  he first got up." But, he didn't refuse the blood as Azrael opened a liquid
  line on his chest. 
 * * * 
 Megel pulled Shadow close as the appeared on a filthy street. "Zeph, Hon,
  watch out for your, lady there. This isn't the best place in the world, not
  even for us." 
 "I know Megel, Cerberus is known for getting most of our feeders from places
  like this. We run a Rogue Covenstead, so we tend to be very used to saving
  Rogue children as well as Rogue Kin." But even though he spoke as if he knew
  what he was talking about, he still pulled Topaz close. 
 "So, might I make a suggestion, Megel?" Shadow patted his arm. "With as
  gay as both Julian and Austin are, we should probably get at least one more
  man. Maybe this time, he won't be quite as gender biased as they are. I know
  how Azrael and you deal with heterosexual men. You both used to be. I don't
  think I count. I was gay, and just didn't want to own up to it. It took me
  forever to willingly come out of the closet to anything other than Vampire's.
  I don't think I ever fully came out until I got Julian. The time or two with
  Mark and Will, they didn't count." 
 "Male or female, I don't care. As long as they are easy to bend to my will,
  it could be a either." Zephyr hugged Topaz. "But we need at the very least
  three. That way I can keep two at my Father's and two at Azrael's." 
 "Well, lucky you both are, I chose this place, it is very similar to where
  I got Shadow. There is an over abundance of prostitutes here. Shall we see
  if we can save a few of them?" Megel looked around, trying to pick up any sounds
  that would give them an opening. 
 * * * 
 Austin was half mad with what he was feeling as Loki made love to him, Azrael
  moving to put his lover and beloved husband between he and Austin, even as
  Cerberus went to make love to Azrael. But the feeling of a cool, tight mouth
  on him, took what was left of his control from him. 
 It wasn't until he leaned forward to return the pleasure he was feeling
  that he realized that it was Crystal that was blowing him, and not Eris. "Oh,
  shit." He tried to pull away from the incredibly tight mouth. "Please, I, I
  don't think I can." 
 Eris pulled away from where he had been curled up with Justin and Brandy. "Austin." His
  voice was gentle. "Look up at me." His light blue eyes met Austin's black,
  brown ones. "You have to get past this, Hon, What if your Master brings home
  a woman? Are you going to be cold to her? Here, now, like this, gender doesn't
  matter. Only the willingness to share your love." Eris didn't make it a habit
  of dominating any but his two Fledglings, and then only their first night with
  him. Hades, his First-Born, had been so heterosexual back when he first took
  him, that he was damn right homophobic. It had taken him many hours to get
  him past his fears. But now, he was one of the most loving in the house. "Let
  Crystal turn around, let her make love to you." His voice was so soft, hypnotic
  even. 
 "No, baby," Cerberus gritted his teeth, trying to control himself. "Didn't
  you hear Azrael? The boy is a Mage, he has to go into everything, fully aware." 
 "Let my Childe, curl up with you, Eris. Soon enough, Megel will come home.
  Until then, upsetting the boy is unfair." Azrael held back, fangs just a breath
  from Loki's throat. He wanted, so badly, to share a bond of blood and love
  with his beloved, the Keeper of His Heart. But he would wait until every thing
  was calm before losing himself in it. 
 * * * 
 Justin cried out in fear as he saw the man, the one that had raped him,
  standing in the door, Gabriel and Hunter with him. The moment of peace and
  pleasure leaving him, as he looked at the thing that had haunted his nightmare
  the night before. 
 *There is no reason for you to feel fear, pet. *   Azrael
  pulled away from where he was at the first sounds of his pets protesting cry. 
 *I'm sorry for scaring him Grand-Sire. *   Gabriel's
  thoughts touched Azrael . *He only wanted to come and beg the
  boy's forgiveness. He's totally beaten down. He begged me to stop hurting him.
  Right now, if I do this right, and can talk Justin into forgiving him, I can
  make him want Hunter and I. And I really think that is a much worse punishment,
  for him, than letting Hunter kill him. *  
 Azrael looked the mortal up and down. *I can see to it that
        my pet forgive him, but are you sure that you want to take on this beast?
        I took Mark as my pet, but unlike that thing, Mark had only killed, he
        had never raped any of his victims. *  
 *I told him that if Justin forgave him, so would I, but I also
        told him that I wouldn't make love to him, but I wouldn't hurt him either.
        I think I offered him a simple 'fuck'. *  
 *Very well, have him grovel at my pet's feet and beg his pardon.
        I will see he gets it. But only if he is willing to prove his regret
        to us all. I will not allow him to touch, Justin, but there are many
        others in the room that are not my precious one. *  
 Gabriel looked at Sam. "Go on, you have to convince my Grand-Sire's pet
  of your regret. Remember, all that live in this house are either your master's
  or your mistresses. Best hope that you beg him right, I'd just as soon not
  have to hurt you anymore, tonight. But if he won't forgive you, I will." 
 Sam's knees slammed into the floor as he dropped infront of Justin. "Please,
  Master." Sam was crying, ashamed of how weak he felt, but unable to stop the
  tears. "I'm begging you. I'm sorry, so sorry. Please, either forgive, me, or
  please, let me die. I, I can't do this anymore. Please, Master." He choked
  on his sobs. "Please, I'm sorry." 
 Justin just looked at him in shock. "You, you raped me, and now you want
  me to forgive you?" He snarled at Sam. "You have got to be fucking kidding
  me. If I forgive you, then I have to be willing to let you touch me. And my 'Master'  ," he
  spat the word at the groveling man before him. "My Master he already told me
  that I wouldn't ever have to let you touch me, ever again." 
 "Pet," Azrael moved sit by him. "He will never touch you. The only thing
  your forgiveness promises him is that he will not be forced to suffer nightly
  for the rest of his life. It does not promise him our love, or our kindness,
  only that when one of us goes to, 'fuck', him, that it does not torment him." He
  caught the boy's chin in his hand. *Forgive him, *   a
  single, soft, command. 
 Justin looked from Azrael to Sam and back again. "You won't let him touch
  me, right, Master?" 
 "No, pet, I will not. Even if you one day need discipline, I will never
  let this thing touch you." He kissed the boy lightly. "Go on, child, forgive
  him. He might beg your forgiveness now, but trust me, soon or late, he will
  wish you had asked for his death." 
 Justin looked down at Sam, who sill huddled, there, at his feet. "Okay,
  I, I forgive you." And he began to cry, turning to hide in Azrael's arms. 
 Jewel looked up at Hunter as he sat beside her. "I don't get it." She muttered. "You
  aren't going to let him come and share a bed with us, are you Hunter?" 
 "No, honey, Gabriel won't. He might be forgiven and not have to be fucked
  up at every turn now, but he still stays on the Hall, and Gabriel can tend
  to him whenever he needs it, but it won't be love. I don't think he understands
  that yet. All he will ever get is 'fucked'." 
 * * * 
 Again the cold warned them before Megel, Shadow, Topaz or Zephyr could appear.
  But when they did, it was obvious that they had been busy. They each supported
  two unconscious forms in their arms, and another three, lay, at their feet. 
 "And what did you bring home this time, Megel." Azrael would not pull away
  from his pet. The boy needed support for now. 
 "More pets than I thought I would be able to gather in one night. And these
  three, they go on the Hall, no large crimes, Theft, assault, and the like.
  No, rape, a pleasant change." He lay the two mortals that he had been holding
  on the couch. "I gave Shadow permission to gather a few for himself. He still
  hasn't found peace for his loss. So I have given him permission to take Julian
  as his Childe. Jules has been with him since before he could stand apart from
  me. The boy is without a doubt Shadow's." 
 "And I am taking these two home to my Father's house." Zephyr gently squeezed
  the two unconscious boys' in his arms. "And Topaz has two that we can leave
  with Azrael, for when we are here." He nodded to the girl and boy she held. 
 "And after I make Austin my Son, I will help him learn to love the girl
  I brought home. He is going to have to learn how to care for female pets too." Megel
  smiled at Austin. "That is right, child. Give me just a few more hours, and
  you will get what you want." 
 Cerberus took one of the boys, holding the limp figure as Zephyr went to
  wake the first one. "Hi." He smiled, trying to put as much reassuring energy
  into that smile as possible. Tightening his hold as the boy tried to pull away. "Don't
  do that. You don't have to be afraid of me. I won't hurt you. Hell I saved
  you from certain death." 
 "Wh-Where am I?" The tenor voice was so light and frightened that Zephyr
  had to close his eyes as the terror washed over him. He could feel Lerion's
  new Childe's response to the boy's fear. He was going to have to do something
  about the fear and do it quickly. 
 "Where are you? At the moment, you're at my ladylove's Sire's home. But
  soon enough, once I get you past your fear, I will be taking you to my Father's
  home. I am going to need to keep you both with Darion. He is my, pet. I know
  that I probably will explain all of this wrong, but we need you, need you in
  a way that we haven't needed another mortal in a while. Azrael's house was
  blown up, and most of the pets he had were killed. And neither Topaz nor I
  can keep feeding off of the limited number he has here now. So we went out
  and took care of the problem." He reached out and patted the boy's hand. Frowning
  as the boy yanked his hand back. "You have to stop doing that. We have too
  many Fledglings in this house, and fear isn't a good thing to have around them.
  Now, my name is Zephyr or Zeph if that is easier for you. What is your name,
  pretty boy?" 
 "Eric," again that light, soft, tenor. "What do you want? I, I'll do anything
  you want me to do, I promise, but just don't hurt me. Please, just don't hurt
  me." 
 "Hurt you? I'm not going to hurt you. I, we, need you. Now don't freak on
  me, but we're vampire's, and you are here to see to it that we don't have to
  risk hunting." He tightened his hold on the boy again; knowing that with the
  information he just gave him, the boy was going to panic. 
 'Vampires, they're vampires'.   The horror of the truth
  was almost too much for him, and he didn't doubt the man that held him immobile.
  A normal man couldn't just hold him like this one was, with no show of effort.
  So he stopped fighting, and just looked up at him, eyes displaying his inner
  fears. He was ready to die, expected it. "I'm going to die, aren't I." This
  really wasn't a question. He expected to die. "Please, if you have to kill
  me, please, don't let it hurt." 
 Zephyr just growled under his breath. "I'm not going to kill you Eric. That
  would be really stupid. I tell you we need you to keep from having to risk
  having to hunt, and the first thing you say is to beg for a painless death.
  I'm not going to kill you, Eric, and I'm not going to hurt you either. I swear.
  I'm not going to hurt you. And my Sire is master of his domain, so he will
  help me make sure that no one ever hurts you or your friend here." 
 The boy turned, looking at the other unconscious form that Cerberus held. "Mitch?" He
  tried to reach for his friend. "What have you done to him?" 
 "Nothing, child. Your Master only eased your transfer to here, sparing you
  both the terrors that are on the Dark Paths." Cerberus pulled the body he held
  even closer. 
 "Please." Eric turned his head, offering his throat. "I don't care what
  you do to me, but please, don't hurt Mitch." 
 Zephyr gently took Eric's head in his hands and turned it back so the boy
  was looking at him again. "I'm not going to hurt him, pretty boy. He's your
  lover isn't he?" 
 Eric just looked down. Trying to hide from the eyes that seemed to see so
  much. "Please, I'll do anything you tell me to do. Just please, don't hurt
  him. He's all I have." Brown eyes, bright with unshed tears looked up into
  Zephyr's. "Please, I, I'm begging you. Kill me, hurt me, anything you want,
  just please, don't hurt Mitch, and please, don't let him watch." 
 Zephyr snorted in disgust. "How many times do I have to tell you, I'm not
  going to hurt either of you. But I will make a deal with you. Give yourself
  to me, be Topaz's and my pet, and I will let you keep him with you. Let your
  fear go, try trusting us, and I promise you, I won't ever let the two of you
  be separated." He lowered his mouth, to where it rested, just a breath from
  Eric's. "Kiss me, belong to me, call me Master. And I won't ever let the two
  of you be taken from each other or me. Resist, and I will leave you here, and
  take him with me." And he closed his mouth over the mortals. 
 Eric fought down a sob as he surrendered to Zephyr's kiss. He would have
  to submit to this monster or he felt for sure that he would lose everything
  that he held dear. 
 Zephyr smiled down at him as the kiss broke. "See, sweetheart. I won't hurt
  you, and I won't hurt your lover either." He lowered his mouth to kiss the
  boy again, cradling his head as he did so. "Call me Master, Eric. You can call
  me Zephyr or Zeph, most of the time, but you have to be willing to call me
  Master as well." Again he kissed the boy, a light, teasing kiss. 
 "Please, Master." And he lost all control as he began to cry. "See, I will
  do what you tell me to. Just please, don't take him away from me. Please, Master,
  I'm begging you." And this time, it was Eric that leaned up to kiss Zephyr. "Please." 
 "I won't. Just keep this up, and I promise, no one is ever going to take
  him away from you." 
 "I will, please, believe me, I will." He just cried against Zephyr's lips
  as the young Kin kissed him again. 
 "Good, I'm real happy that I don' have to be an asshole. Now look into my
  eyes." He gently wiped the tears from the boy's cheeks. "You are safe, always
  safe. I won't hurt you and I won't let anyone else hurt you, not now, not ever." 
 Eric sighed. "Yes, Master." Suddenly being where he was didn't frighten
  him so much. This was his master. Why would his master lie to him? 
 "You're going to help me with Mitch, aren't you Eric. He doesn't know who
  I am yet." He kissed the boy again, pleased to feel the ready response in the
  boys' lips. "Now, Eric, now it is time to give me your throat." 
 Megel watched as Shadow woke his two and wrestled with their terror. Having
  to finally resort to luring them back to sleep to quiet the fear in the room.
  He had to struggle to keep from stepping in and helping his Childe, but if
  Shadow felt he was ready to take on the care and feeding of a Childe, then
  he had to be ready to deal with all the little problems that came with being
  a parent. 
 "Hey, I know him." Austin commented looking at the man that Megel had brought
  home. 
 "You do?" That was a switch. But then again, he really shouldn't be surprised.
  The man he had brought to help him with seeing to his needs with Austin was
  a male prostitute's, and would only date men, or accept only men as their tricks. "So,
  Chosen, any warnings for me?" 
 "Only that he is probably going to react like the rest. Did you make him
  the same offer that you made Shadow when you first took him?" He reached out
  to lay a hand on the unconscious young man's legs. "This one is Randy." 
 "Randy, yes, that is a good name. Now come here." He could feel his Masters
  and Sires power on the fragile mortal that he held who was kissing him with
  such total abandon. "I see Azrael, sneaked a tie with you." He laughed as Austin
  stammered, trying to come up with a way to explain. "Boy, calm down. Strong
  as my Sire is, the tie he shares with you, won't last past your next feeding
  from me." He caught Austin's face, lips teasing the man. "Poor, thing, you
  actually thought I would be upset?" The man looked down, blushing. "Well never
  mind, I'm not. Now let's see if we can talk these two down." 
 Lerion supported his newest Childe as Wolf struggled to overcome the fear
  that was so strong in the room. He had forgotten how greatly fear affected
  the newborn of his kind. Living as he had for the last almost five years in
  a Covenstead, it wasn't something he had been forced to deal with often. At
  least not among the pets they kept. But here, now, like this, Wolf had to suffer
  like he had his first few days as his Sire's Childe. Struggling to control
  himself, against the fear. He looked up to see his new Chosen, struggling to
  overcome what he was feeling. "It's okay, both of you. The fear will pass,
  I promise. Just give their new masters time to take it from them." 
 Azrael was as aware of the heavy stench of fear in the room as Lerion was.
  He held Crystal close as Topaz tried to calm the little mortal girl in her
  care. "Enough." He passed Crystal to Loki, reaching to take the girls' arm,
  ignoring her vain attempt to pull away. "Listen to me, girl. You now belong
  to my Childe. All the begging and struggles in the world will not alter that
  reality. But you must control yourself, as I warned my, pet," he nodded to
  where Justin sat, watching it all with concern. "Last night, fear is not your
  friend here. Fear can, and will, get you killed." He smiled at the girl. His
  fangs showing, all traces of humanity left him as he purposely lowered his
  fangs fully. "Will get you killed, and very quickly at that." 
 The girl, looked at the fangs in his mouth, and screamed. Fighting with
  mindless desperation to pull away. 
 *Daddy! *   Topaz fussed at him as she held
  the mortal who clung to her in mindless fear. *You're scaring
  her. *  
 *I know, precious. But it is a fear that I can dispel soon
        enough. It is far better that I give her a single figure to frighten
        her than run the risk of her fear of us all doing the damage it is capable
        of doing in my home. *   His eyes bore into the mortals. "Do
        not fear me. Do not fear any in this house. Young as your mistress may
        be, she is still my Childe, and I will never allow, any, in her care
        to be harmed." 
 The cries stopped as the girl suddenly stopped her struggles. "I am sorry,
  pet, would that I could allow you the time you deserve to come to us, willingly.
  But we have far too many newborns here, too many that your fear is affecting.
  Better by far, I that took your fear from you, than leave it as it was, I do
  not want to see you killed, nor do I wish to see, any Childe in my home suffer." He
  stroked her cheek. "Now, that you are settled. What is your name, little one?" 
 "Su-Susan." She whispered. "Or anything you want it to be." She looked from
  him, to Topaz. "You don't like my name, I'll answer to anyone you do. Wanna
  call me Whore, Slut or Bitch, anything you like, I'll answer to it." She had
  been a prostitute long enough to learn the first rule. Some one pays for you,
  they own you for however long they paid for. "I'm gonna to be your slave, a
  slave don't have a name, you can call me anything, Mistress." 
 The sudden change in the girl threw Topaz for a minute. "Whore? Slut? Bitch?" She
  shook her head. "Nah, I like Susan, just fine. And, you're not a slave, you're
  a pet, but I don't like those labels." She took a deep breath. "I don't like
  them enough to, forbid, you from ever using them about yourself, ever again.
  You might be a pet, an overly pampered feeder, but I don't want to hear those
  words out of your mouth, ever again. Or I'll have to punish you." 
 "I don't understand." Hunter pressed against Gabriel, fighting what he was
  feeling. "That shit's fear, it didn't bother me. Why now?" 
 "You are Kin, now, beloved. Sam had hurt your great Grand-Sire's pet. You
  wanted him to fear you. But these children, they are innocent of any wrong.
  So their fear, it calls to the darker nature of our kind. Don't worry baby,
  I won't let you do anything to hurt either them, or yourself. Just be, patient.
  Soon enough their Masters, and their Mistress, will get them under control.
  Topaz might not be able to dominate the two she has, but Azrael will take care
  of it. Just watch." 
 
 "Father," Zephyr pressed Eric into Cerberus's arms. He was so torn between
  wanting to help the two new pets he had, and his desire to support his new
  wife. "Take Eric, I still have to talk to Mitch. Please," Eric didn't fight
  as Zephyr pushed him into Cerberus's arms. "Father, don't scare him." He prepared
  to wake the other mortal. 
 Cerberus only laughed, kissing the youngster in his arms, forehead. "Don't
  worry about your little pet, Zeph, we'll be just fine, won't we, boy?" 
 "Yes, Master," Eric watched as Zephyr woke Mitch. Closing his eyes as his
  boyfriend cried out. "Please," he wanted to stop this. "Master, please, let
  me talk to him." He wanted to explain everything to Mitch. 
 Zephyr looked up at Eric. "Yeah, sure," then to the boy in his arms. "Look
  up, listen to what Eric has to tell you." 
 Eric pulled Mitch close as his lover began to cry. "Ssshh, come on baby,
  you got to hush." He stroked Mitch's cheek. "Please, baby, you have to relax.
  Please, you give him a hard time, and he can take you away from me. Please,
  baby, I don't want to lose you." 
 "Who is he?" Mitch felt almost safe in Eric's arms. 
 Eric stroked Mitch's hair. "I think the better word is 'what'   is
  he." He got ready to listen to Mitch's cries. 
 To give the boy credit, he didn't lose total composure. "I, I don't understand, 'what'   is
  he?" 
 "I'm a vampire, sugar." Zephyr decided that it would be easier for his new
  pet, if he took some of the burden of explaining things to Mitch. "Ssshh," he
  held out his hands. "Don't lose it, we can't afford you to be afraid, right
  now. Don't make me have to keep my promise to Eric. If I can't get you to relax,
  to let me Dominate you, take away your fear, I'll take you with me, and leave
  him here with Topaz." 
 The only thing that kept Mitch from throwing himself from where he was to
  the floor to get away from Zephyr, were the arms that Eric had around him. "Please,
  baby, listen to our new master, please, I can't lose you too." He lowered his
  head and began to cry. 
 "Please, Mitch, listen to your friend." Zephyr felt horrible, as he took
  the boy from Eric, for what he knew he was making them both feel. But he couldn't
  do anything about it. 
 "Eric?" Mitch was like Ice in Zephyr's arms. 
 "I know it's scary. But, baby, I swear, he, our master, he won't hurt us.
  It isn't like what you think it is. He's bit me, once already, and it isn't
  what you think." He couldn't, look, up at his boyfriend. "It, it don't hurt,
  it feels, oh baby, I don't think I can make you understand what it feels like." His
  head lifted, exposing his throat as Cerberus sank his teeth, how ever briefly
  into the flesh there. Crying out as he lifted his arms 
 "See, darling," Zephyr cuddled Mitch close, watching as Eric responded to
  his Sire's'' slow, easy, seduction. ""It's okay, really it is." He lowered
  his mouth to Mitch's throat, bringing the boy to him in a way that the mortal
  couldn't fight. His hands, slowly, beginning to pull the boy's shirt from him. 
 He lifted his head, long enough to open the vein at his wrist before lowering
  his mouth once again to share a brief bond with him. Pausing only long enough
  for Mitch to pull, himself up so Zephyr could finish removing his clothes,
  before teasing him to the point of his orgasm, so he could use his release
  to lubricate himself so he could slip in, beginning to make love to the boy. 
 Megel held Randy close and his new pet listened to all he had to say. Tightening
  his hold on him as he felt the mortal in his arms begin to tremble. "Don't,
  pet." He softly kissed the back of Randy's neck. "You're mine, now and forever.
  I bought you. You are mine." 
 Shadow looked up from where he and Julian were holding the two he had brought
  home to help take care of his needs when he made Julian his. "Father," he pointed
  at Randy. "How come you took two that look like they do? They look as old,
  if not older than Austin does." 
 "I'm trying to gather pets that look old enough, in this age, to really
  be our on their own. You, are, barely of age, Cain was the same. Amber and
  even Ben, it didn't matter how old they really were, they never looked older
  than in their late teens, same with Denise and Evelyn." He kissed Randy's cheek. "Now,
  with Austin, I have a chance to pick my pets from those old enough to be my
  pets." All traces of humanity left his face as he sank his fangs into the flesh
  under his mouth, feeding. He would hold off on feeding a second time until
  he had a new Childe, but for now. 
 Shadow pulled Austin close as he tried to go to Megel. "Hold up, little
  brother." He held him. 
 "What?" Austin didn't understand. 
 "Wait, soon enough our Master will make you his. Just wait up." He looked
  up at Julian. "Dying is really rather messy. When we make it to a bed. I promise,
  darlin', just as soon as we make it to a bed." 
 "Now," Megel kissed the wound as it closed. "We go now." 
CHAPTER 8 
 
 Harris tried to settle Melanie. It wasn't going well. There were too many
  of them. Too many mortals and the scent of fear made it hard for him to think,
  and if it was difficult for him, he could only imagine what Doc and Christian
  were going through. "Hold on, honey. Soon enough, it will all die down." His
  eyes sought Doc's. "Baby, do me a favor, while I am helping our girl here,
  why don't you take Chris, and step out of here." 
 "You are planning to bring her and follow, right?" Doc reached and pulled
  the suffering Fledgling close. "Come on Harris, she is almost totally shot
  by all of this." Doc was worried, not only for Christian, who was in so much
  pain, but for Harris and this new mortal pet. If she didn't calm down soon,
  it was going to be another hard moment, like it had been the night before. 
 Harris nodded. "Yeah, probably be for the best." He stood, reaching for
  Melanie. "Come on sweety. Let' blow this pop-cycle stand." He lifted her, as
  Doc bent and gathered Christian. "Let's go to bed, for a while." 
 * * * 
 Austin led Randy down the hall. "It's okay, really it is." He understood
  why Megel, his soon to be Sire, chose this one. Shadow and Julian, still looked
  so very young, and the two that Shadow had taken looked as young as they did.
  They looked way too young for him to have ever even considered. 
 Megel lay the still unconscious form of the young woman on the bed, reaching
  to draw Austin close. "Come here, lovely one." He so missed Cain. Cain had
  been such a contradiction in terms. He looked so young so painfully young,
  but he had grown so much in the short time that he had been his Childe. The
  gaping hole, left in his soul where Cain had been, it hurt so much, but now,
  with this one. He could finally at last ease that pain. 
 Shadow pulled Randy with him as he gathered his two, close. "You can curl
  up with my two for now." He reached for Julian, as his, Chosen finished undressing
  the two unconscious boys'. "I'll feed later. But for now, I have to make you
  as much mine as my Father is making my little brother, his." He pressed his
  lips to Julian's cheek. "I would beg my Sire to let me take you like Cerberus
  did with Eris, Gabriel with Hunter or Zephyr and Topaz. But I've flaunted Line
  Rules enough in making you, but come the end of my hundred year service, if
  you still want me like I want you, I'll mark you as my husband." He shuddered
  as Julian's blood filled his mouth. *Hold on baby, just hold on.
  *   He moaned as he felt Julian, weaken, in his arms. But the
  feel of Megel's strength flowing over and through him, protecting Julian's
  life, eased his fears. 
 Megel touched his First-Born's mind as he returned life to his new Childe,
  knew what Shadow had decided to name his son. And agreed with the boys decision,
  agreed with it so much that as Shadow renamed Julian, Thorne, doing to him,
  like he had done, forbidding the boy to ever think of himself as anything but
  Thorne, he named Austin, Torin. Giving the man he loved more than anything
  living back something of what he lost. *Torin, I give you the
  Gift Name Torin. When you rise, you will be Torin. *   He held
  his new, Childe, stroking his hair as he cried in pain as the change began
  in him. 
 * * * 
 Sam moaned as Hunter forced him to bend and blow Gabriel as he fucked him.
  No, he wouldn't make love to this thing, that struggled so hard to show how
  sorry he was, but he could, and would, use him. Reaching to grab him almost
  painfully, masturbating the man that he was fucking. 
 *Come here, beloved. *   Gabriel reached out
  to pull Hunter's head to him5, kissing his love and Childe, before pulling
  Hunter's head to his throat. * I know how little pleasure you
  are getting from trying to help me with this one. But now, like this, *  and
  he sank his fangs into his Childe's throat, even as Hunter fed from him, again
  offering him a bond that stripped all conscious thoughts from him, leaving
  only the joy and pleasure of the blood and the love. 
 Topaz lay curled up against Azrael, Loki, and Crystal as she watched her
  two new pets make love to each other. She didn't understand why she seemed
  to luck out on everything when it came to being Kin, first, she never was really
  just a pet, she had been marked as Azrael's Chosen from the first night. The
  night that he had saved her from cancer and had taken her virginity. Then there
  was no pain in her death, and she had Zephyr, who she loved more than anything
  else in her life, save Azrael and Loki. And now, she had two pets, which had
  been almost sinfully easy to break. Susan had spent so much time as a prostitute
  that the concept of actually belonging to someone wasn't that frightening to
  her, and Bryan, the hardest thing about dominating him for Azrael, had been
  the idea that his owner was a woman. 
 Zephyr pressed both Eric and Mitch into Cerberus and Eris's arms. "Take
  care of them for me, please." And he rose to move across the room to where
  his wife lay, curled up in the safety of her Sire's arms. "Hi, pretty girl," he
  pulled her up and into his arms. "So your pets doing as well as, mine, now?" 
 She just smiled. "Susan, Bryan, this is Zephyr, my, husband." She held out
  a hand to them. "Come on, both of you. He's as much your master as I am your
  mistress." She took Susan's hand first. "Zeph, this is Susan. Susan, may I
  introduce my old man, Zephyr? 
 "Keep it up, pretty girl, and I am going to start referring to you like
  my Father does, and call you, baby girl." He squeezed her. "Hi, Susan, do you
  prefer to be called Susan, or Sue?" 
 The girl just looked down, trembling under his gaze. "I don't care, Master.
  I'll answer to anything you call me." 
 Topaz just moaned. "Damnit girl, I keep telling, you, that that isn't how
  it is here. I don't want you to throw away any chance you have at ever getting
  your self-respect back." Then to Zephyr, "she was willing to answer to some
  pretty ugly names. I talked her out of whore, slut and bitch. Silly me, I thought
  with killing that stupid idea, I'd have her past that nonsense, but seems I
  was wrong." 
 Zephyr just laughed at her. "You do know who you are beginning to sound
  like don't you, love?" 
 "No, who?" She grinned up at him. "And if you say Azrael, then yeah, no
  shit. He is my Sire, after all. Who am I supposed to sound like?" 
 Zephyr just laughed harder. "I know that honey, that is probably one of
  the first things that made me fall in love with you." Then he looked down at
  Susan. "Susan, Sue, we'll call you both for now. Sooner or later one will stick,
  like me, I was given the name Zephyr as a Gift Name, but everyone just calls
  me Zeph." 
 Topaz held out her hand to the boy who lay on the floor. "And this is Bryan.
  He's going to be more happy with you when we are here, than with me. Az had
  to force the issue with him so he would touch either me or Susan." Then to
  the boy on the floor, "Bryan, Hon, this is Zephyr. He is your Master. See I
  wasn't lying to you. Gender really doesn't matter to us, my Sire has made love
  to you once already, and Zeph will do so as well, soon enough." She watched
  as Bryan crawled to Zephyr's feet, groveling there. 
 "Why don't we take your two over and let me introduce you to Eric and Mitch.
  I do believe if we do this right, we can see to all their needs, and Darion's
  as well. I can take Bryan with me when we go home, and we can bring Darion
  back with us when we return. He is a whole lot better at dealing with girls
  than the three we have here now." He growled into Topaz's neck as he felt her
  against him. "Let's see to introducing you to the two that will be living with
  us at my Father's domain, soon enough, I promise, soon enough. But for now,
  we got things that we still have to do." 
 Eric looked up as Zephyr led two women, and a boy, all naked as he was,
  to stand before him. "Eric," his master smiled at him in a soothing way. "This
  is Topaz. She is my wife, my lifemate. And these are the two that she collected
  for us here. But I think it would probably be better if when we left we took
  Bryan with us. Darion is a hell of a lot calmer around girls that any of you
  will be. As is, the first few times you make love to Topaz, she is going to
  have to feed, or bond with you first, to have you willingly love her." He held
  out a hand to Eric. "Baby, this is Eric. He will be staying in Cerberus's realm
  for us, and that," he pointed to Mitch, who still sat, curled up in Eris's
  arms. "That is Mitch. He is like Eric and will be there for us when we go to
  stay in my Father's home." 
 Topaz smiled at them. "Hi, I have to say, Zeph, I am almost jealous. You
  went out and got pets that suited your tastes. Me I got a girl and a boy that,
  as your Father would say, is, as queer as a football bat. You're right, it
  would be a whole lot easier if we took Bryan home with us when we go, and bring
  Darion back here when we come back. Just as soon as they are used to us, and
  aren't freaked out by the Dark Paths, we'll just, lump, them all together,
  in which ever home we are living in. But for now, yeah, it would probably be
  best for all considered if we broke them up like you suggested." 
 Eric looked up at Zephyr in terror. "But, I did everything you told me to
  do, Master. Please, don't take Mitch away from me, I was, am, good." The only
  thing Eric still feared was the loss of his lover, if he could keep Mitch with
  him, then he didn't care what Zephyr did to him, but if he was taken away from
  him. 
 "What is he talking about?" Topaz didn't understand the fear the boy was
  suddenly feeling. 
 "Stop it Eric." Zephyr pulled him close. "I am not going to take Mitch away
  from you. What Topaz was talking about is us taking Bryan with us when we leave,
  and bringing Darion, my other pet, with us when we return." He felt the boy
  tremble against him as he kissed him. "And yes, you are being, very good, unbelievably
  good." 
 "I think your girl there, her good luck it's rubbing off on you Zephyr." Cerberus
  smiled proudly. "But, if you start talking like her, with as much as she is
  taking after her Sire, I'll get irritated with you." 
 Zephyr just laughed. "Father, you are my Sire, if I take after anyone, it's,
  going to be you and Eris." 
 "Just make sure you keep that in mind, boy." 
 Zephyr let Eric go as he went to his Master, and Sire. "I know that, Sire.
  Topaz knows whom I belong to. My heart might belong to her, but my mind and
  body belongs to you. Will always belong to you." He kissed Cerberus before
  lowering his mouth to cover Cerberus's hardness, going to give him pleasure. 
 "Come here, honey." Eris held out a hand to Eric. "Come and be with your
  little friend and me while your Master goes to prove his servitude to his Master." 
 "Go on Bryan, go play with Eris as he keeps your Master's pets busy." Topaz
  reached out for Susan. "You, the boys are still none too thrilled with having
  to face a woman in their bed. So we can be together." She pulled the girl close,
  lowering her mouth to kiss her. Hand cupping her breast stroking it lightly
  as the girl moaned softly, willingly pressing herself even farther into Topaz's
  hold. 
 * * * 
 Megel held Austin close as the man died. Later, when he rose again, and
  rose whole, he would see to it that he only thought of himself as, Torin. But
  until he rose, He would not put too much hope in his crafting. Tori had been
  a Mage, and his new Childe was one as well. And it didn't matter how much he
  wanted to give his oldest friend and Sire something back of that which he lost,
  until he knew Austin was whole and full Kin, he would not present his new Childe
  to his Sire. If Austin failed to take the Gift, he would let him die as Austin. 
 He looked up at the sounds of his Childe's, his, First-Born's sob. Shadow
  was busy, cleaning his own First-Born's body of the waste that was always present
  at the death of the body. "Don't worry about him, baby." Megel smiled as Shadow
  threw the soiled clothing to the floor, using a wet soapy cloth to clean Thorne's
  body of all the last traces. 
 "I know that Megel, Father, he took to it almost as quickly as I did. But
  I still killed him. I still killed my Chosen." He fell into Megel's arm, crying. "Is
  this what you felt when you made me?" 
 "Yes, you are my First-Born, he is yours. It always hurts when you take
  and make a, cherished, Chosen your Childe, but it is always hardest the first
  time you, Sire, a Childe." He wiped Shadow's face, wiping away the stain of
  his tears. "Let's get Austin cleaned up too, and the bed stripped, before we
  feed again." 
 Shadow looked at him, a confused look on his face. "Austin? I thought you
  were naming him Torin." 
 "Yes, but like my little brother, he is a Mage, even more, a Healing Mage
  at that. So for now, until I make sure that he is going to rise and rise whole,
  I won't get Azrael's hopes up too much. If he is going to die, then so be it.
  But he will die with the name he was brought into this world with, and not
  the one I, Gifted, him with. Torin is dead, and if my Childe dies too, the
  name is a doomed one. But if he rises, whole and strong, then I have, in my
  Childe, a little of what was lost when my brother died." He lifted Austin's
  body, helping Shadow to pull the soiled clothes from him. "I probably should
  have done this with you, but I was just too relieved that you were well, that
  I didn't think about it." He washed the body, going to clean him ever so carefully.
  Lifting him from the bed so that Shadow could pull the sheets from out of under
  him. "One useful thing I learned from your birth, was the usefulness of mattress
  covers." 
 "Yeah, we'll burn this one, and get another. I don't think that you're going
  to make another Childe anytime in the near future. And me, after what I felt
  when Thorne died, I might be as old as you are now before I, Gift, another." He
  carefully stepped past his Childe's body, going for the closet where the other
  sets of sheets were kept. "Would you make the bed, Father, I am starved." 
 "Go on, boy, you haven't even fed from one yet. Don't forget to bind them
  to you. If you want to keep them, if not, it is up to you how you handle them." Megel
  took the sheets from his Childe, smiling at the hungry look in Shadow's eyes. "Go
  on, baby, you look like you're about to blow away from hunger." 
 Shadow gathered one of the sleeping forms to him. "Hello, pet." He smiled
  as the young man's eyes opened. "Ssshh," Shadow tightened his grip as the boy
  went to fight him. "Don't do that." 
 The young man, boy, looked up at Shadow. "You're going to kill me, aren't
  you?" He knew what Shadow was, that was one of the reasons he had been knocked
  back out to begin with, he already knew what Shadow was. And it terrified him. 
 Shadow gritted his teeth as the fear that this one was feeling, washed over
  him. "Stop that. I'm not going to kill you, but I got to get you to relax,
  or it's going to hurt Thorne, and I can't let you do that." He was only one,
  and so Shadow could put all his attention in to his work. "I'm sorry, I'm not
  usually such a prick, but, you have to stop fearing me." And he threw all he
  had into forcing his will on the boy beneath him. 
 *Easy there, Childe, *   Megel's power washed
  over Shadow, offering his precocious First-Born his help. *You
  have the way of it, but less force. You want him to come to you, but you also
  want to make him feel, on some level, that it was his idea. That belief will
  help you greatly until they come to wanting you solely of their own will. *  
 *Thank you. *   He looked up briefly at his
  master, a gentle smile on his face, before lowering his head back to the youth
  in his arms. "I'm sorry, baby, I didn't mean to go all weird on you. You just
  have to understand, I have a newborn Childe now, and your fear, I'm not old,
  but I'm am able to resist it, just barely. So, I know there is going to be
  no way in hell he will be able to, and if he loses control. You, could be hurt,
  probably pretty bad, if not dead, and Thorne, he can't drink from anyone but
  me right now, so it would make him very sick, maybe even kill him too." He
  brushed a loose strand of hair from the boy's face. "I'm so very hungry, pet,
  what say we talk after I've fed. I am pretty sure that you will be a whole
  hell of a lot more willing to talk about any number of things then." And he
  gently, but firmly, took the frail mortal's head and turned it to the side,
  exposing the clean column of his throat. *I will love you, always
  and forever, I will love you. *  
 The boy just lay underneath him, crying softly as Shadow began to love his
  body as he cooled his thirst. 
 *You want to be mine. *   Shadow knew, even
  as he brought his will down, a second time. That he, still, was a lot bit sloppy.
  But it was the best he could do for now. *Drink, be mine forever.
  Give yourself, your body, heart and soul to me. Call me Master. *   And
  he ripped at his wrist, briefly wishing he had thought and brought a knife. 
 The boy lay in his arms, his whole world now wrapped up in the strange and
  wonderful feelings he was experiencing . 'Be his',   call,
  him, '  master'  .   'Yes'  ,
  that he could do, would do, and even wanted to do. No one had ever made him
  feel this way. So content, so safe, yes, this man was one he could call, master.
  And he freely gave into the domination. 
 Shadow held the quiet boy close. "Are you all right now?" He looked into
  the boy's stormy blue eyes. 
 The youth nodded. "Yes, Master." His response was easy and natural. 
 Shadow smiled, relieved. "Good, now, we can talk. What's your name, pet?" 
 He looked up at Shadow. "Joe, Master." 
 Shadow only moaned softly, kissing the boy. "I can't leave you with that
  name. We already had a Cain, and he is dead now. Joe is just to close to his
  name. He was a vampire, like me. He was also my brother, and I don't think,
  not even with a new Childe, my Sire would be able to take it." He looked at
  the boy, thinking. "I know, why don't I just call you Max?" He kissed his new
  pet again. "Yeah, I like it. Now listen to me, Max. You do understand that
  that is your name now, right? No one will ever think of you as anything else.
  You are Max." He bit his bottom lip as he tried to just brush his will against
  the boy's. "What's your name, baby?" 
 Max looked up, "Max, Master." His old name, forgotten. Oh he still remembered
  a time that it had been his name, but no more. His master had taken it from
  him and gave him another. And as many Kin had learned to their joy, it helped
  the boy begin his transition. "You gonna bite me again, Master?" He asked,
  shyly. 
 "Not right now Max. I just fed from you, and even though I have a bond with
  you now, give it a little time to start to change you, make you stronger." This
  one was so cute. Shadow knew that Thorne would simply love this kid. "Will
  you help me with your friend here? I am still a little sloppy with my technique.
  But maybe if you helped me talk to him, I could ease him into it, with just
  a few less shocks." 
 Max pulled himself up. "I, I don't know him, Master. He's new on the street
  I was on." 
 Shadow sighed. ' Oh well, looks like I am going to be getting
      a lot of practice on mental control'.   "Okay, well I guess
      I have to try to get him to listen to me like I did you." And he patted
      Max's hand. "Don't worry, pet, I'm going to try and do it right the first
      time, this time." And again he gathered the slumbering form to him. "Wake
      up, kid." He whispered. 
 Eyes, so dark blue that they almost rivaled Shadow's Sire's, came alive
  at the briefest touch. Blue eyes, again. Blue seems to be a favorite of the
  Kin or something. Shadow mused as he tightened his grip on the boy as he began
  to struggle, crying out in fear. "Hush," Shadow was glad he wasn't human as
  he tried to bring this one to him, but do it carefully. If he had been, he
  would be sweating buckets with the effort he was putting in. "I am not going
  to hurt you, pet. You don't have to be afraid of me." He was so tempted to
  just take the easiest route with this one and just dominate him first before
  he told him what he was, so he could make sure that the boy never felt any
  fear. 
 *That is the easiest way this is true. *   Megel's
  mind touched his softly . *But it is only good in the short term.
  Remember, you knew who I was before I bound you to me. You were allowed to
  know and face your fear, and you were allowed the chance to overcome them.
  You are my Childe, do what you know is right. *  
 Shadow looked down, ashamed of himself. *Of course, forgive
        me Father. I don't know what I was thinking of. I'm sorry Sire. *   Then
        an, almost, humorous touch to his thoughts , *my bad. *   Then
        Shadow's thoughts went back to the boy in his arms, the one that looked
        up at him with such, no, not only fear, but, it was, still, there within
        the confusion. "I want you to listen to me, pet, first, what is your
        name?" He would do this right, this time. 
 "Gregory," the boy whispered. "Where am I, who are you?" 
 "Shadow," Megel drew his Childe's attention. "Why don't you let Max come
  over here and let you give your new pet your full attention." 
 Shadow spared a moment to look at Max. "Go on, Hon, that's Megel, he is
  my Sire, my Master. He won't hurt you. No one is going to hurt you, ever again.
  I won't let them." Then he looked back at Gregory. "Okay, where was I?" He
  smiled. "Oh, yeah. You wanted to know where you were. Well, right now you're
  in my arms. As to where I am," he took a brief pause, trying to figure out
  just how to say what he needed to. "You are in a Covenstead of vampires." He
  let his fangs down so the boy could see them. Okay, now all hell would probably
  break loose. 
 But oddly enough, the boy only lay there, looking up at Shadow, silent. 
 Shadow sat there, holding him, waiting for a response, one that just didn't
  seem to come. "Gregory?" 
 "How long?" The calm, clear question. 
 Shadow shook his head at a loss. "How long, what Greg?" 
 The beautiful dark blue eyes met his. Again the fear was mixed with the
  confusion in his eyes. Not overwhelming, but it was still there. "Do I have
  to live?" 
 Okay, so the kid was fast on his feet. He was thinking. Shadow felt a little
  better. "That all depends on you, Gregory. I took you for one of the pets I
  am going to need now that I have, sired a Childe. So, one way or the other,
  you are mine. But I'd just as soon not have to fight you. So will you listen
  to what I have to say before you make up your mind if you are going to go into
  this willing or not?" Gregory nodded. "Okay, first, like I said, I brought
  you home with me to help me see to it that I can take care of Thorne. I won't
  hurt you, and I will never put your health at risk with my feedings." He loved
  this part of the explanation. "You will be safe, because when I feed from you,
  I will feed you from me as well. I will form a bond with you, one that grants
  you roughly a century and a half of health and youth. You will never get sick
  or old or lose the looks you have now. Though I don't have anything, I'm still
  a very young vampire and still live under my Sire's rule. He will see to it
  that you never go without, again. You will be safe, safer than you have been
  in a long time. And when it is finally, time, for you to die, I will see to
  it that you don't suffer. I've never seen any pet ever have to go through the
  end of their life, but I've been told it's pretty ugly, and I won't let you
  go through that." Okay, he'd made his sales pitch, and now he was going to
  set the price. "All you have to do is give yourself to me, Greg. Be willing
  to bend, don't make me take your will completely." 
 Gregory closed his eyes. Fighting the tears that he knew were so close.
  There was no doubt that he would bend. There was something in this creature
  that held him. "What," he was losing his war with his tears. "What do you want
  me to call you?" He wanted to die now. He was making a fool of himself, crying
  like a damn baby. But he didn't understand it all, one moment; he was finally
  desperate enough to resort to start selling his body too more than just a few,
  to live, and the next. 
 "Master." Shadow was impressed with how well he was holding up. True he
  was crying, but hell, he did at the very beginning, most of the new ones did.
  Julian was damn right hysterical at first. "You can call me Shadow too, it's
  my name. But you gotta call me Master." He captured Gregory's face between
  his hands. "So, you going to bend, willingly, or do I have to force you?" 
 Max sat with Megel and Randy, watching as his new master, went to ease this
  stranger to him. "Is he gonna have to hurt him?" 
 Megel looked down into the youth's face. "Is Shadow going to hurt him?" He
  bent and kissed the boy lightly. "No, trust me, Max. Shadow is my Childe, and
  he won't do anything that I won't allow. He's already promised you that you
  are safe here. Well so is Gregory. He just has to accept that he is safe now." He
  gathered the Max close. "You know you are safe. Soon enough, he will too. Now
  come here, I am sure that you need some attention." Yes he was still hungry,
  but it was nothing compared to how he knew his Childe was feeling, and so far,
  Shadow had done very well controlling himself. "Don't worry, baby, I won't
  hurt you. No one is ever going to hurt you. Your Master won't let them, and
  if he can't stop them, I will." 
CHAPTER 9 
 Azrael, sat, holding Crystal against him, as they watched Sam being put
  through his paces. 
 "Azrael?" Crystal drew his attention from the lovely sight that watching
  the man suffer, was. "I have a question, Father." 
 "Yes, precious, what is your question?" He felt so at peace now. The losses
  he had suffered, that pain, could be lain aside for now, and he could be at
  peace. 
 "I don't quite understand how it all works now. I know you and I, we are
  one in the same, but I don't understand how we work that. Like last night,
  You couldn't block the pain, and earlier, when you helped Topaz and Zephyr.
  You had to get Loki to block you from me. I know what you can do, did it to
  me, just the night before last. What changed?" 
 Azrael just looked down at her mildly surprised that she had to ask that
  question. She who knew so much of what he knew. But then understanding filled
  his heart. She knew what she had heard and seen through him so far. Never having
  ever had a soulmate before, he would have had very little reason to have to
  explain the finer points. And the bond between Torin and Sapphire was not that
  of a normal mating. Torin had initiated it, had been the dominant force. It
  had not been an even mating. "Because, our mating is a normal one, Childe.
  And as such, we were not fully bonded until I achieve my first orgasm with
  you, after I made you my Childe." 
 "So, Loki going to have to block the pain when you brand me, or am I going
  to get to take it straight?" She took the information that Azrael had just
  given her, and did with it, like she had done with so much, filed it away in
  her thoughts and dropped it. 
 "Sorry, love, but I have suffered through more than my share of branding's.
  I had to pay for my first, and have with each almost every Childe I have, Sired
  thus far. But with you, if Loki cannot aid me, Megel will. Why are you in such
  a great hurry to be marked? You do not have to feel the need to rush so, anymore.
  You have near eternity to deal with things." 
 "I know." She pulled away from him, as she went to sit up. "I know that
  I have time. But I want your mark, your brand. Maybe it's just me, but I want
  your mark. I want to be able to show it off to anyone who asks." 
 Azrael just laughed at her softly. Very well love. Soon enough, I have already
  helped with two brands tonight so far. I'll see to yours when Megel and Shadow
  sees to their new children." He kissed her lightly. "You think that you could
  stand holding on for just one more night?" 
 She giggled, leaning up into his arms, biting at his lip as she kissed him. "Oh,
  I suppose I can hold off, for just one more night." This being a vampire was
  so new to her. She knew, or at least, had some idea, why she was feeling what
  she was. She wanted to explore the depth of her new awareness. "But if I have
  to wait. Can I go play with the others? Topaz has two new pets, and I already
  know Mark and Casey." 
 "Explore, yes, you should be allowed to explore all that you are feeling.
  But, Childe, perhaps it would be better if you chose those like you, who are
  Kin. You are still so very young in your new state. Mortals are fragile. And
  as you are now, you could hurt one without meaning to. I do not want that,
  not only for the mortal, but for you as well." 
 "Do you think Lerion or Wolf could be dragged away from Brandon at the moment?" A
  silly grin. 
 "I am Lerion's father, you are my soulbonded. I am sure that he would be
  more than happy to share your new awareness with you. Wolf is going through
  much the same as you. If Lerion isn't hesitant to leave his new pet and his
  First-Born, the two of you will have all kinds of fun together, I am sure." His
  eyes lifted, seeking his younger Kin and adopted son. "Lerion, your little
  sister, she is going through what, all, newborn's experience. Will you, or
  your new Childe, share this with her?" 
 Lerion looked up, smiling as he gently passed Brandon to Gabriel, before
  reaching for Wolf. *Was wondering when you would finally let her
  out of your hands. You do know Master, that you are almost possessive of her
  and her time. *  
 *She is my soulbonded, Childe. If you only knew how difficult
        it is for me to let her be away from me, you would understand my hesitancy.
        But you are right. I do need to allow her to explore her new feelings,
        as is her right. *  
 "Okay, you two, I can't understand what you are saying. But I know you are
  talking about me." Crystal protested. 
 "Hush, Childe. Yes, we were talking about you. Lerion is happy that I have
  finally been willing to let another hold you without me. I was only reminding
  him that not only are we soulbonded, but you are my newborn." He let her go,
  as Lerion and Wolf knelt by them. 
 "Better her than me." Lerion joked. "Sharing a soul with you, that would
  be just a bit much, Master. For the first time, I'm glad I'm not a Mage." 
 "At least I don't have to continue living with all of you, only in my head,
  anymore. It could be much worse. Now, when I feel everything I feel, it's okay,
  because I am here, and taking an active part in what I am feeling. Use to,
  I only got to be a spectator." 
 * * * 
 Randy held Max as Megel went to wake the other mortal, the woman. He didn't
  understand why Megel had gotten her, He was male, so was the now dead guy beside
  him. They were all male's, so why did his new master, chose to take a woman? 
 "Wake up, honey." Megel whispered, softly, as he released her from her slumber. 
 Dark brown eyes, in a pale face, snapped open. "What?" She froze where she
  was. She remembered this man. He had offered her two hundred dollars for her
  time. But that was all she remembered. "What happened, where am I?" 
 "I rendered you unconscious, and you are in my Sire's home." He was ready
  for her reactions. 
 "You did what?" 
 "Sarah, right?" She nodded. "Okay, Sarah, I lured you to sleep, so that
  I could bring you here without frightening you." He smiled softly, his fangs,
  just, showing. "I brought you here to join the rest of the pets we have collected." 
 She looked up at him. Okay, so he wanted to play games with her. What the
  hell, it was his money. So she'd play any game he wanted. "Okay, you're a vampire.
  Sure, and I am your defenseless, pet, that the right word?" 
 Megel just laughed at her. "Yes, that you are. But, dear, I really am a
  vampire, and you really are my pet. I had to go out and collect a few more
  to help me see to not only my needs, but those of my First-Born, and my new
  Childe as well." He pointed to where Austin lay. 
 She looked first at him, hard, and then turned her head to see the naked
  figure on the bed. The figure was not only naked, but as she watched his chest
  that never moved. The naked man was obviously dead. For the first time in her
  life she began to feel real fear. He was dead. This guy, he was either a real
  vampire, or more likely, crazy. Any way she looked at it, she was dead. 
 "Ssshh," Megel felt her begin to tremble as she took in all that was around
  her. "No one is going to hurt you, Sarah, on my oath. Yes, I, am we are, vampires,
  but we do not kill unless we have to. I brought you here, and here I will keep
  you." 
 "Y-you killed him, didn't you?" 
 "Yes, and no. Austin, who when he rises will be Torin, he is the reason
  I had to get both you and Randy. He is my newborn Child, and for the first
  year or so, he will only be able to feed from me. So not only do I have my
  own needs, but his as well as Shadow's, when the two my boy collected aren't
  enough." He made soft shushing noises as the woman in his arms began to cry.
  Trying to ignore the fear she was bathing him in. "Sarah." 
 "Don't," she tried to pull away from him, but Megel only tightened his hold
  on her. "Please, don't hurt me." She had always known that sooner or later,
  she might end up in a situation that would end up getting her hurt, but she
  never dreamed of vampires. 
 "I'm not going to hurt you Sarah. If anything, I have saved you from yourself.
  You're how old?" 
 "Twenty-six." She just lay there, trying to shrink into the bed sheets. 
 "Twenty-six, how much longer did you think walking the streets would proved
  to be worth it? How are the older prostitutes treated? Have you ever considered
  how your life would be, once you lost the look of youth? I happen to know that
  the oldest profession, it ages those that practice it. But here, with me, as
  my loved and protected pet, I can see you keep your beauty. That you never
  have to expose yourself to strangers again." He worked as carefully on this
  one's mind as he had Shadow's when he first came to him. Carefully, with an
  almost artist's touch. "But you have to be willing to give yourself to me.
  I know you are frightened, the stench of your fear is very strong. I cannot
  let you remain like this. I can control myself against your fear. But my Childe,
  he will not be able to. Your fear, it will hurt him. And that is something
  that I just can't allow." 
 "Wh-what are you going to do to me?" Her voice was tiny, as she looked up
  at him. 
 "I'm going to make you mine. I won't feed from you yet. Austin still has
  to wake, and I will feed him first. But I will bind you to me. Put you under
  my protection with the giving of my blood to you." He hushed her as she cried
  out in protest. "You will drink. I have left your mind and will yours, but
  you will drink, or I will make you." He caught her face between his hands. "Don't
  be afraid. I won't hurt you. My giving you my blood, it will protect you from
  so many things. Age, illness, you will fastly become stronger than any mortal
  that has no tie with one of us will. If you have any STD's, it will cure those
  as well. You will have a chance to live as you never have before. I am not
  as ridiculously rich as my Sire is, but I am still well off, and you will live,
  safe, loved and cared for, for the next century and a half. And you will live,
  looking as lovely as you do right now." He took the knife that he had laid
  by his side and carefully cut himself over his left breast, just over the mark
  of his Line. Pulling her head up to press her lips against the wound. "Drink,
  Sarah. Drink and be mine." No he would not feed, but he would help ease her
  fears by offering her just a promise of what he could do for her. He sank his
  fangs into her throat as she began to, respond, to the blood he had offered
  her. 
 Sarah moaned at the feelings that not only his blood brought up in her,
  but also the added feeling of his hunger as it mingled the feelings within
  her. She reached up to hold him to her, moaning against his lips as he kissed
  her. "What, oh," she fell back as he began to pull her clothes from her. Yes,
  vampire or no, she wanted him now. And as he rendered her as naked as he was,
  she almost attacked him. 
 Megel laughed softly, holding her as she responded to him. "I take it you
  are fine, now? I won't have to take your fear from you, will I?" 
 Sarah looked up, a little confused. "Fear?" 
 Megel only chuckled as he kissed her. "Never mind, love, never mind." 
 * * * 
 Azrael held Loki, his body as lost in the heat and lust as Crystal's was
  as she lay underneath Cerberus, responding to him, and what he was drawing
  up in her. "She is going to drive me mad." He whispered softly, seeking Loki's
  lips. 
 "That she might, beloved. But I am sure it is a madness that you will embrace
  gladly." He teased the man in his arms. 
 Azrael held him tightly. "I am luckier than I deserve. You, you were dead,
  I left you where all those I have made and loved, rest. Under the, ever, watchful
  eyes of my Sire. The fact that you are alive, it is a miracle that I will never
  fully understand. Crystal, she is my bondmate. Her soul and mine are one. There
  is nothing more that I could ever ask for." He moaned low, as he felt Crystal's
  orgasm as it took her. "Make love to me. Make love to me as my Childe shares
  her newness with her Kin." 
 "I was sent back to you. It was not my time, and it was more than just our
  children's decision. Osiris as well as Thorne, they helped Torin. I do not
  know how the rest of your Brood sees your lifemating with me, but your Sire
  and the two with him, your son's, they have welcomed me." Loki held his love,
  and his life, closely as he began to play over his skin. "I always worried
  that your Sire would never accept me, I am or was, too close to a failed gift.
  But, now I know, I was afraid for nothing." Loki felt Azrael's fangs at his
  throat, even as he sank his into his beloved husband's. 
 Crystal moaned so softly, that, it was near a whimper at all that she was
  feeling, as Cerberus touched her body, mixed with what Azrael was feeling as
  he shared a bond with Loki. She wasn't used to sharing all she felt with another.
  So the renewed realization of what she had with Azrael, almost stunned her
  again. She wasn't sure if it was the fact that she was completely linked with
  Azrael or, that she was now one of the Vampyr that made all that she felt so
  much more total now. But she really, as she felt his orgasm, as it triggered
  her own, didn't care. 
 Cerberus wasn't a Mage, but you didn't have to be to respond to what Crystal
  was projecting. But he lost all conscious awareness of anything and anyone,
  even Eris, as he embraced all that, she, offered so freely. And he knew that
  if he was lost, then so was every other Kin in the house. 
 "Damn, baby girl," Cerberus lay beside her, his body still alive from what
  he had just shared with her, with them all. "You are damn dangerous. I haven't
  felt anything close to you since Sapphire." 
 "Umm," she stretched smiling at him. "Megel said the same thing to me, even
  before Azrael made me like him. I didn't know Robyn, I mean, Sapphire, personally.
  But I did live with her in my mind for over a year. All I can say is it must
  have been the fact that she and Tori were like Azrael and I and soul mates.
  Because before her, I didn't feel Tori like I did after." 
 "Father," Zephyr and Topaz moved to sit beside them, Eris following. 
 "Damn, little sister." Topaz laughed, bending to kiss her. "I think I, am,
  jealous." 
 "Why?" She reached up to kiss her sister, again. 
 "I can't do what you do every time you open up like you just did. I wish
  I could let people know how much I feel every time either of our parents or
  Zeph makes love to me." 
 Crystal just laughed. "You mean you want to be, not only a Mage, but soul
  mated to your Sire?" She only laughed harder as Topaz nodded. "And here, Lerion
  said he was glad he wasn't a Mage. Man what a twist." 
 "Yeah, but Lerion isn't his Childe, by blood. We both are." 
 "Yeah, we are aren't we? I'm glad that when I found out about our soul mating,
  I decided to be his Fledgling. I love Loki more than I love anyone other than
  him. But I think if I had accepted him as my Sire, I would have made a big
  mistake." She groaned. "I," the hunger hit her fast, and it hit her hard. 
 "Azrael," Cerberus pulled away, reaching to yank her up. Pressing her into
  her Sire's arms. 
 *Hush Childe. *   Azrael's thoughts touched
  her mind. *I am here. Always, I am here. *   He
  supported her as she fed. Hands moving over his body as she did. *I
  do think that you have been apart from me long enough. Time to come and be
  with Loki and I again. *   He gently pulled her away from his
  throat so he could stand. "Come here, precious." He lifted her feeling her
  fangs against his flesh again. He stood there, lost in all that she was feeling,
  trembling. 
 "Come on, Daddy." Topaz gently took one shoulder, Lerion the other and led
  him to his chair, where Loki nodded a thanks to both of them, took his husband
  and his husband's mate. 
 "Sit down, before you fall down, beloved." He fussed. 
 Azrael sat, reaching for him as Crystal fed. Pulling him close, offering
  a wrist as his teeth sank home and he too began to feed, shuddering at the
  feel of two different, yet the same pulls on him. 
 "I don't know how long the two of you are going to be able to live here,
  full time with the way that girl of Azrael's projects. I, it is wonderful,
  but I like to have a little more control over what I am feeling. I don't think
  I could lose myself in her pleasures on a daily basis." Cerberus rested against
  one of the many couches in the room. Eris, as always, in his lap. Zephyr sat
  beside him, Topaz following Eris's example in her chosen perch. 
 "Give my sister a little time." Topaz was quick to defend Crystal. "She's
  not been one of us long. Give Azrael time to train her. Once he has taught
  her how to shield, I am sure that her open and free expressions will decrease.
  After all, it's not like she can help it." 
 "I know that, baby girl." Cerberus smiled at her to take the bite out of
  his words. "But until he has her better trained, it's going to be very interesting
  around here." 
 "I can always bring Topaz and come home, Father." Zephyr squeezed her. "I
  find it just a little intimidating too. My pretty girl here, she's right, it's
  only going to be a matter of time before our little cousin learns control.
  But until then, getting completely lost in everything she feels, every time
  she goes to love either him or anyone else, is a bit much." 
 "Both of you." Eris laughed. "Of all your Brood, Cerberus, I think Zeph
  takes after you the most of all. Me, I happen to have loved what I felt, and
  would love to feel it again, as often as she is willing to share what she feels.
  Maybe there is such thing as being too hedonistic, even for Kin, and I am it." 
 Cerberus only laughed, kissing him. "Hedonistic, yes, you are that. But
  too hedonistic, nah, you just are very much like that First-Born of yours,
  and just too damned physical." 
 "You complaining, Father?" Zephyr rested against him as Topaz began to nuzzle
  his throat. "Or bragging?" 
 "You know, Zeph does have a point. You are after all, my, Sire. You created
  me in your image. You just have spent too much time in the role of Covenstead
  Master. You've had to learn to be in control all the time. And Zeph, he has
  never known you to be any other way. But Jacob, Raven and I, we go back far
  enough to have been there before the Covenstead. Back when you first taught
  us how to love." 
 "Well, then, both he and I are lucky that we have the lifemate's that we
  do. You will help to remind me of what I have forgotten, and Topaz, she will
  teach my son what I failed to teach him." 
 "I only hope that Azrael doesn't get so uptight with the years he runs his." Topaz
  muttered. 
 "Not likely, honey," Cerberus kissed the top of Zephyr's head as his Childe
  rested against him. "He's almost as old as dirt. If he hasn't lost his hedonistic
  tendencies by now, I don't think he ever will." 
 "Particularly not with Loki or Crystal as his mates." Zephyr only laughed. "I
  don't think all the training in the world could ever tone down what she feels
  for him. And Loki, Loki still needs him, I don't care if he doesn't need him
  to help him with control anymore. He might be fully, Kin, and ridiculously
  strong at that, but the heart wound's that he suffered for over two thousand
  years, I don't think they will ever fully heal." 
 * * * 
 Megel held Shadow as their new pets finally found sleep. *Be
        warned, Childe. That newborn of yours is going to get you up very early.
        Remember how it was for you, the first couple of months or so that you
        were a newborn. *  
 *I know, and I don't care. Anything Thorne needs, I will see
        he gets it. This whole concept of being a Sire, it is, just, so wild
        for me. *   
 *Well, at least, now, I won't have to step in and help him
        to love you, as you need to be loved. No more altered belts, no more
        having to take over for him when he no longer has the strength. *  
 *Hey, yeah, that is right. I had forgotten all about the other
        plusses of making him. I was too caught up in the idea of having a Childe,
        my First-Born. I made him a promise tonight. If after, I, have served
        my hundred years with you. If he, still, wants to be with me, like I
        want to be with him. I will take him as my Husband. Then when he finishes
        his term, I won't have to push him out. *  
 *My, my, aren't you just the precocious little prodigy. Megel
        laughed in his mind. You're three, and already you have a Childe and
        two pets, that you did very, very well with them tonight, I might add.
        But now you are making plans to make your First-Born, a Childe that is
        only three years your junior, You wedded mate. I have to say Shad.   *
        Using Cain's pet name for his Childe, it didn't hurt quite the way he
        feared it would. If anything, it was comforting. *You don't
        do anything in half measures. *  
 *So, I'm what they call a wunderkind. *   He
  pulled even closer to his Sire. *It's late, and I'm wiped. I haven't
  ever had to dominate anyone to the extent that I did tonight. I'm going to
  sleep the sleep of the dead until Thorne wakes, and then I will be up with
  the setting sun for a while. *  
 * * * 
 Cerberus and Eris finally went home, and Zephyr and Topaz were able to put
  their four down in the new training rooms. Zephyr finally relenting and let,
  both Eric and Mitch stay in the same room. Warning them both, as he chained
  Mitch to the bed by his wrist, of how much he would hate to have to punish
  them if they tried to do anything foolish, but hate it though he might, he
  would. Then having to calm them both down as they panicked at the thought that
  he actually believed that they would ever want to be anything but his and Topaz's 
 Susan and Bryan were less a struggle to deal with. Susan didn't even question
  her being chained. In her mind, she was a slave, and slaves were chained when
  they were not needed. Bryan, he cried just a little, but after both Topaz and
  Zephyr promised to be close and return just as soon as night came again, he
  relaxed. 
 Gabriel led Sam back down the Hall. The mortal had done better than he had
  thought he would. He had been almost sure that the first time he felt any pleasure
  as he was used, he would begin to regret his decision. But the man had only
  begged for more. And with as often as he had been used, it had taken Gabriel's
  will to see that his promise was kept. That after, Justin, had forgiven him.
  He would feel no more pain. 
 "Master?" Sam's voice was a bit horse from all the noise he had made thus
  far. 
 "Yes, Sam?" 
 "Are you going to leave me in my room tomorrow night?" 
 "Probably, I guess it all depends on how you react to the blood bond you
  will get tomorrow. I might, but I promised you no pain, and if feeding you
  and then leaving you alone is hurtful to you, then I will have to see to it
  that I keep my promise to you. But I don't know if I will actually take you
  out of your room to do that." 
 "Please, Master." Sam shyly took his hand. "Please, the other one, he still
  hates me. Don't leave me alone with him. You're the only reason he bent as
  much as he did." 
 "You don't understand. Hunter is not the only one who still hates you. I
  hate you, and I will probably hate you, if not forever, for a very long time.
  But I made you a promise, and I will keep that promise. Hunter made the same
  promise, and hate you he might, he will see he keeps his as well as I keep
  mine." Gabriel stepped back so Sam could enter what was now his room. 
 "But I thought, you, said, you forgave me." He had to fight to keep from
  begging this creature not to chain him to the bed. 
 "I have. But, forgiveness does not mean that I don't still hate you. But,
  I will make you another promise. I can't say how Hunter will feel about you
  as the years pass, but if you continue to be as repentant as you were tonight.
  Then I will try to reach a point that I no longer hate you." He finished chaining
  the man to the bed, spread on his back. "I can't say that I will ever do more
  than, just, use you, but I can promise that one day, I might come to stop hating
  you. Now go to sleep. After as much as you went though tonight, I know you
  need your rest." He brushed the man's cheek, once, before leaving the room. 
 Sam lay there, eyes closing in pain as he heard the bold to the door slide
  into place. No he didn't expect any of them to ever care about him. He had
  thrown that right away when he raped Justin. But having to live, for years,
  maybe for the rest of his life with their continued hate. That was going to
  be very hard for him. 
CHAPTER 10 
 Thorne came awake, crying in pain, the agony was something that he had not
  fully expected. *Father. *   He sobbed into Shadow's
  neck as he went to feed, instinctively seeking anything to help ease the pain. 
 *It's okay, baby, go on and feed. I've fed from both Max and
        Greg once already, but I can always see if I can't feed from one of Topaz's
        new pets. Just drink your fill. *   Shadow had told Megel
        that he was ready for anything. But the sun had not begun to set, and
        already Thorne was beginning his death spasms. 
 *I don't understand. Why am I feeling like this, Master? I
        thought I died when you made me. *   His Sire's, Shadow's,
        blood, it eased the pain, freeing him from the spasm, for now. 
 *Technically you did, but I'll tell you like I was told. Your
        body is still in the process of finishing dying. You'll be like this
        for the next week or so. I'm sorry, but I warned you that the first year
        wasn't going to be easy on you. Now, if you are settled, go back to sleep.
        It's still almost the middle of the day. *   He kissed
        the top of Thorne's head, as he held him close so that they could slip
        back into sleep. 
 Several hours later, it was Megel's turn to have his newborn, locked to
  his throat, as his Childe went to ease the horrible hunger in him. 
 Megel held him, his mind lightly touching that of his new Childe, checking
  to see if he was whole. He was, whole and strong . *Go on Torin,
  I feel your hunger, feed little one, feed. *   His fear that
  his new Childe might not take the Gift he had offered him, were groundless.
  For that Megel was very happy. He now could fully fill the empty place in his
  heart and soul, where Cain used to be. And as an added bonus, he now had his
  own apprentice. 
 "Oh, damn." Torin rested against his Sire. "I know this is probably going
  to be one of the most asked questions, Father, but I thought I died already.
  I went through hell last night. How much longer am I going to have to go through
  this?" 
 Megel laughed softly. "You are dead, love, but as a newborn, you will have
  to feed very often for a while. That wasn't a death spasm, Tori, that was just
  your hunger." 
 "Oh." He just lay there resting against Megel. "Okay, how long am I going
  to have to go through this?" 
 "This, the first few months." He just laughed as Torin moaned. "It could
  be much worse. You could still be suffering through your death like Shadow's
  boy is. But it will be a few months before you will be able to stand, without
  feeding more than twice a night." He took his newborn, Childe's face between
  his hands, looking into his near black eyes. *You are Torin. I
  am your Sire. I, Gift, you with the name Torin. You are Torin, and you will
  always be Torin. *   With his Childe alive and whole Kin, Megel
  was finally able to finish his naming. 
 
 Shadow just smiled sleepily as he held Thorne's head to his throat as the
  Childe cried. "I know, baby, I know. Been there, done that. But it gets better.
  Yeah, I know, it's hard to believe, going through what you are right now. But,
  it does get better." He kissed him, lightly, before smiling. "Now, I have a
  couple of guys I want you to meet." 
 Thorne nodded. "You have better luck, after you killed me last night?" 
 Shadow closed his eyes in pain. "Please, baby, don't say things like that.
  Yeah, I know, I had to take your mortality so you could be Kin, but I would
  never, have, just killed you."" He kissed him, hard. "I love you, love you
  more than anyone but my Sire." 
 Thorne looked a bit shamefaced, "I'm sorry, Father. I didn't mean it the
  way it sounded." 
 "I know, baby, but still, it sounded pretty bad. I, you don't fully understand
  what it is like to Gift your Chosen, not until you go to make your own First-Born.
  And now that I do, I am going to go out of my way to see that you are at least
  a couple of centuries older than I am before you go through what I did last
  night." 
 Thorne looked at him, a bit of worry in his eyes. "You regret asking Megel,
  my Grand-Sire, to let you make me?" 
 Shadow violently shook his head. "No, not at all. I just never fully realized
  what it takes out of a man to make a Childe. Now enough, fussing. Let me introduce
  you to Max and Greg." He reached for the two that were lying, by them. "Max,
  this is my First-Born, Thorne. Thorne, Max, he's going to be with us for a
  long time." 
 Thorne smiled at the young man, who was really closer to being a boy. "Did,
  Shadow, ask you how old you were?" 
 "No, but that's okay Master. I'm almost nineteen." The boy smiled at him,
  a bit sleepily. "Are you going to need to feed from me yet?" 
 Shadow smiled at him, a small shake of his head. "No, Max. Remember me telling
  you last night why I had chose you and Greg? Thorne, he won't be able to feed
  off of anyone but me for the next year or so. But I'm going to need you to
  help make sure that I can see he doesn't go hungry." Then he gestured to the
  other youth, lying beside Max. "And that is Greg, baby. His full name is Gregory,
  but I like Greg better. Greg, this is Thorne, he's my newborn." Then to Thorne, *take
  a good look at the rings in his nipples and scrotum. Talked to the kid last
  night, and looks like you get another to play with. But Megel is still going
  to have to help you for a while, with him. He might not have to worry about
  you and I anymore. But baby, you are still real young, and believe me. You
  could hurt him without meaning to. *  
 Greg's dark blue eyes looked at Thorne, before resting on Shadow. "Master?" He
  nodded at Thorne. 
 "Yeah, Greg, he's your Master too." Shadow took Greg's complete submission,
  for granted. He had surrendered the first night, Thorne as well. He had never
  had a pet that had fought him. 
 Greg smiled a bit shyly. "Hello, Master." The memories of the night before
  were still very vivid in his mind. Shadow had made him feel things that he
  didn't think he could. From the first time his master had locked onto his throat,
  to the blood he had drank all of it. He looked back to Shadow, smiling. "You
  need to feed again, Master?" 
 "No, Greg, I mean yes, I'm going to have to feed soon, but not from you,
  at least not for a few days. I just bound you to me, let the blood do it's
  magic on you. I'll ask either, Topaz or my Grand-Sire's if I can cop a meal
  from one of their pets, or I can visit one of those that we are keeping on
  the Hall." Then Shadow's smiled softened. "And Greg, you too, Max, yeah I'm
  your Master, and all, but I'm a whole hell of a lot more used to, Shadow. So
  unless it's something important, to either you or me, just call me Shadow,
  and," he squeezed Thorne against him. "This is Thorne. Maybe, it's because
  I'm so young, I don't know. But every time you say Master, I keep waiting for
  Megel to answer you." 
 Greg just nodded his head. "Shadow, I can understand, but, Thorne?" He asked,
  then stopped, suddenly realizing what his words sounded like. "I mean, I'm
  not trying to be disrespectful. But I've never heard of the name Thorne. I
  mean, like it sounds like something on a rose bush." He was bright red. 
 Both Shadow and Thorne just laughed. "Thorne is my Sire's brother, my uncle.
  He is dead now, or as dead as I think we can be. Tori, or Torin, was another
  of my uncles, and he's dead too, but I don't think death means the same for
  us that it used to mean. He's dead and he was still able to reach out past
  the, quote un-quote grave, and heal my Grand-Sire's, Azrael's, lifemate, my
  other adopted Grand-Sire, Loki. So death isn't quite the same thing for us." 
 "I don't know where, Azrael found the name for his Thorne, but I don't care." Thorne
  still couldn't believe he was really and totally Kin. And the name he had,
  he was bright enough to know what it would mean to Azrael, and that his master,
  and Sire did too. Azrael had lost so much in the last few days that Shadow
  was going to, even as he made him, to help heal a little of the ancient elders
  pain. "I like it." 
 "Speaking of Torin," Shadow looked to where Megel and Torin lay, watching
  them. "So, I got another brother?" He just laughed. "A new little brother that
  looks a good four or five years older than me." 
 Megel laughed softly. "Yes, Childe, your little brother is just fine. And
  am I to assume that my new Grand-Childe is as well?" 
 "Oh, and then some, Megel." He squeezed Thorne to him just one more time,
  before pushing him from him, gently. "Go on, baby, I'm sure that your new Grand-Sire
  is as anxious to see you as mine was me when I was first made. And I want to
  see Tori." 
 Torin left the comfort of Megel's arms, to be gathered in Shadow's. "Torin," he
  whispered as he kissed his new brother. 
 "Hu?" Shadow didn't understand. "Yeah, Torin, what?" 
 "That's my name." 
 Shadow nodded. "Yeah, I know. But you will learn soon enough, that the only
  time anyone calls you anything but Tori, is when you've either screwed up,
  or it's important. It's kind of like with Zephyr, we all call him, Zeph." 
 "Oh," he just grinned at him. "You do know, having an older brother that
  looks to be either my younger brother, or a ridiculously young lover, is going
  to be so weird." 
 "I know," he laughed. "What can I say, there is nothing I can do about it." 
 Megel smiled down at Thorne. "Welcome to the family, Childe." 
 Thorne smiled at him. "I can't believe that I'm here, and that Shadow was
  able to make me his, so soon." He knew that he sounded somewhat stupid because
  he kept babbling his shock and disbelief over and over again. "I'm his First-Born." 
 Megel just chuckled. "Yes, and you are my First-Born's, First-Born. The
  circle has been completed again." He was a Grand-Sire. When he first made Shadow
  as his Childe, he never realized that he would see the completion of the circle
  of Childe to Sire, so quickly with his first. "How are your spasms going? I'd
  welcome you completely, but I remember how it was for Shadow his first few
  days." He kissed his him, his own, Grand-Childe, his First-Born's, First-Born.
  His first and hopefully only Grand-Childe, at least, for a while. 
 "Well, let's go show our new kids off." Shadow, despite the face that Megel
  kept telling him to slow down, was already up and getting dressed. "Hold up,
  baby, we'll grab a shower later, but for now, I want to show you off, and I
  get to brand you as mine." 
 * * * 
 Hunter moaned low in his throat as he came awake to find himself already
  drinking. *Gods, but this sux. *   He was unaware
  of how much he sounded like Gabriel already, and through Gabriel, Azrael. 
 Gabriel only let his mental laughter spinkle down over him .
        *What, you griping already? Hunter, beloved, if you are going to get
        this ill, every time hunger wakes you, you are going to be ill for the
        next few months. *   Jewel was still asleep. They had
        gone out of their way last night. Once they had gotten her back to their
        bed to ease her discomfort from what she had seen thus far. He had promised
        the night before that they would tend to Hunter's needs without waking
        her again. 
 *Yeah, I know. I'll get used to it soon enough, I guess. I
        didn't wake up until after I started to feed this time. That is something.
        *  
 *Yes, and soon, you'll wake to find us making love. Which is
        the first thing I want to do every time you feed from me. *   He
        sank his fangs into Hunter's throat as his Childe fed from him. Oh, well,
        Jewel would probably be woken up early again, despite his promise. Because
        the only thing he wanted to do and the only thing he was going to do,
        was make love to his Childe. 
 * * * 
 "Wow," Shadow whispered as he followed Megel and Torin into the main room. "I'm
  getting a real strange sense of having been here before. I remember when I
  first got up that first night, this room, or the one at the old house, was
  empty too." He felt a strange sense of nervousness. Not foreboding, but just
  uneasy. He remembered all to well how that night had ended. 
 "Just remember that it was an good omen for you, you have come farther than
  a great many children your age." Megel lay a hand on Shadow's shoulder, he
  too, remembered that horrible night. His youngest brother, a part of his soul,
  had died that night. "And, I'll help you with his marking while we wait for
  Azrael to grace us with his appearance." He turned to kiss Torin. "I will brand
  you as soon as one of my Kin in the house get here. I let Shadow suffer through
  his, but as you have pointed out, you are not my First-Born." 
 "No, but he is my Grand-Childe none the less." Azrael's amused voice from
  the door. "So, Childe, my girl here, insisted that I needed to hurry up and
  meet your and my first great Grand-Childe. So I am here." He held out his arms. "Come,
  greet me and tell me what my First-Born named you." 
 Torin went into his embrace, feeling, really feeling the loving strength
  of Azrael's arms for the first time. "Uh, hello, Grand-Sire." He stammered.
  Not at all sure what he was supposed to do now. He only knew so much. "Megel,
  he named me Torin." 
 Thorne was about to announce who he was, when Shadow lay a hand on his arm. "Wait,
  baby, Megel is my Sire, my Master. Let him share this with his. Soon enough
  you'll get your chance to grab the spot-light." 
 Azrael was speechless as he stood there, looking at Torin. This Childe was
  so much like Torin, his Torin was, not only a Mage, but a Healer as well. 
 Megel lay a hand on Torin's shoulder. "Close your mouth, Father, before
  something fly's in. You still have to meet Shadow's boy, my Grand-Childe." He
  only smiled fondly. 
 Azrael just closed his mouth and turned to look at Shadow, as Crystal giggled. "I
  am almost afraid to hear what you are obviously about to burst to tell me.
  Let me welcome my first great Grand-Childe." He held Thorne close. "And what
  did your Sire name you, pretty one?" He held his breath. 
 Thorne hugged him tight. "Evening, Azrael," he looked into the elder Kin's
  face, grinning like a fool. "Great Grand-Sire, My Father, he named me Thorne." There
  were tears in his eyes as he began to cry. "I'm not only his Childe, his First-Born,
  but he named me Thorne." 
 "I wanted to give you something, for every thing you've given me so far,
  but of the son's you've lost, I don't know any but Torin. And I couldn't, I
  miss Tori too much still. So even though I didn't know Thorne, personally.
  Gabriel is here, and I've learned of him through him." 
 Selene joined Crystal as she giggled at her Sire and bondman's shocked look. 
 "What is it?" Loki had missed the introductions. "Azrael, what is wrong?" 
 Azrael looked up at him. "Wrong, beloved, I do believe that things are far
  from being wrong. Come, meet your Grand-Childe, Torin, and your Great Grand-Childe,
  Thorne." He smiled at Loki's stunned expression. "It would seem that my Childe
  and his, have taken up upon themselves to take part in giving me back, at least
  a little of what I have lost so far." He handed Thorne to him, before reaching
  to gather Torin. 
 "So, I take it that what my Childe and I sought, it is found?" Megel hugged
  Shadow to him. 
 Azrael looked at him, tears of joy and pain flowing down his face. "There
  are not words to tell the two of you what this means to me. Yes, it will hurt,
  but it is a pain that is melancholy. A fond memory of things that were, and
  in Tori, I have back, something of what I lost with my Childe's death. He is
  a Healer Mage, just like my boy was. And as Megel trains him, I will have a
  chance to watch with pride as yet another of my Line learns his art." 
 Loki pulled both Megel and Shadow close. "You both," he was almost as awestruck
  as Azrael was. Torin, had been so much a part of him, through Sapphire, for
  such a short time, and even though he had never met Thorne, other than briefly
  as Thorne helped Osiris and Torin heal him, he knew both Azrael and Gabriel,
  the parent, and, the Childe. So he knew the caliber of man Thorne had been. 
 "My Father, he has suffered more than anyone here, I replaced Cain, my First-Made,
  so I am fastly healing as well. Though I still miss my pets, I have taken steps
  to fill the hole in my heart. Not to replace them, there is no way that they
  could ever be replaced, but at least it doesn't hurt like it did." Megel felt
  Azrael's arms around him. Held the older man close. 
 Shadow fell into Azrael's arms. "I didn't know what Megel was naming Tori
  when I named Thorne, guess great minds really do think alike." 
 "No, but I knew what you had decided, and felt that there could be no better
  way. You couldn't take the name Torin. But with what my Childe is, there was
  no other name I could possibly come up with that is better." 
 "My, so this was your idea first, Grand-Childe." Azrael kissed him again. "I
  must say, Megel, your boy is truly quite the little prodigy. I will be honest
  with you, Childe. I was a bit concerned when Megel had told me that he had
  given you his blessing on making a Childe at your age. But young you may be,
  but I am beginning to believe that you and your First-Born will do very well." 
 "So, Shad, you gonna brand me?" Thorne wormed himself under Shadow's free
  arm. 
 "Give me a few minutes, baby, best you feed first, then I have to cop a
  meal from either Loki or Azrael. I'm starving, and I want to head off the next
  spasm for you." He had learned, back when he was going through his own body's
  death, that if he could time his feedings to just the right moment, he could
  keep the pain at bay. 
 "What, those two you took for your own last night, they not enough for you?" Azrael
  only laughed. "Come here, Childe. Let your infant drink from you as you do
  from me. Poor Childe, who would have ever guessed that being a Sire was such
  hungry work." He pulled his Grand-Childe's head to his throat, stroking his
  hair as the infant Sire, fed. 
 "And you, Megel, are you hungry as well? I remember well how much both Sapphire
  and Selene took out of me at their making." 
 "I will be fine, Father, I haven't fed from Sarah yet." He smiled at the
  elder kin. "The next time I feed from you, I want to share a bond." 
 Shadow looked up from Azrael's throat, grinning when he saw Gabriel, leading
  Hunter and Jewel into the room, and to one of the many couches. "Hey, Gabe." He
  grinned at the scowl Gabriel gave him. "Come and meet my First-Born." He pulled
  Thorne close. "Thorne, I'd like to introduce you to Gabriel, Gabriel, this
  is Thorne, my Childe." He choked at the stunned look on both Gabriel and Hunter's
  face's. "Hello?" 
 "Thorne?" Gabriel crooked. "You're, Thorne?" He whooped as he yanked the
  newborn up, spinning him, laughing as he did so. 
 "You know that Gabriel and I had talked about Gift Name's some months back,
  just as one of those, after great sex, and before sleep, talks. He had asked
  me if I could accept that name, and I couldn't. It's good to see now that I
  really understand what it means to love your, Sire. It's good to see Thorne's
  name being used. After all, your Sire is Gabriel's Sire's brother, so it only
  makes sense in a strange way that it is his First-Born's, First-Born." 
 "I was going to ask Megel to help me with his brand, but maybe you want
  to more." *That okay with you boss? *  
 *You truly are a wunderkind. Thank you, Childe. *   Megel's
  thoughts were warming and supportive. 
 "Go on, Gabriel," Hunter pushed him forward. "I'll go check with Azrael
  to make sure that Loki has enough control now to block the pain for my finishing
  brand." 
 But Gabriel reached out for him. "I should have given you my brands finish
  last night. Brand you as my lifemate, have you carry my mark, and bear yours.
  I'm happier than I could ever say at Shadow's boy's Name. But, I will do you
  first." 
 "Go on, Gabriel, I still have to renew the bond I have with Max and Greg.
  Despite rumors to the opposite, I do know that I don't have to do every thing
  right then and there." 
 "Could have fooled me." Megel jested with his Childe. "Such sage words from
  a infant with his own Childe." 
 Shadow looked down. "Father, please, I know Cain wasn't my Childe, but he
  was my brother, and he had come to mean so much to me, and then Ben and the
  girls, it was just too much for me. I needed Thorne. Kind of like you needed
  Tori." 
 Megel pulled Shadow close. "Ssshh, Childe, I know that, why is it do you
  think, that I gave not only my permission, but my blessings as well." 
 "Azrael, Master?" Hunter reached for his hand. 
 Azrael looked to him. "Yes, Hunter?" 
 "I don't want to sound rude or anything, but I think I remember Loki getting
  control back. I'm not wrong am I?" 
 "No, Childe, you are not wrong. My beloved, he will be able to help you.
  All you have to do is ask. I am almost certain that he would not only do the
  pain block, but also do so gladly. He has a special bond with you. Perhaps
  it is because it was to him that you first opened up, but he loves you in a
  very dear and special way." 
 Hunter was finally, as Kin able to fully open to anyone other than Gabriel,
  and to Azrael, he did open as they tried to devour each other. "He already
  knows how I feel about him. And anytime he should start to wonder, I'll be
  more than happy to show him again." Then he stopped, laughing. "Damn, but I'm
  starting to sound like him, already. And he sounds like you, 'arrg', I'm doomed." 
 Azrael only laughed at him. "Good, do you no harm in learning how to talk
  correctly. All the young, they talk such trash. Now go on with you, the sooner
  you get your mark, and mark my Grand-Childe, the sooner he will be able to
  do what he wants to do, with a clear conscious." 
 * * * 
 Eric looked up as the door to the small room, that he and Mitch had shared
  the night, opened. "Master?" He was protectively lying over Mitch. 
 "Yeah, kid, it's me." Zephyr, followed by Topaz entered the room. "You guys
  sleep good? I got back as soon as I could." 
 "Look, Zeph, why don't you take care of these two, while I go and take care
  of Susan and Bryan. I know they are probably going stir crazy. We over slept
  just a bit." 
 Zephyr just nodded. "We're going to have to do something about seeing that
  our four are kept in the same room, if that is possible." 
 "I don't see why they have to be chained at all. They are bound to us now.
  They won't be able to leave us, ever. I don't know if you ever, while you were
  still only a pet, waited too long. I did, just once. That is a hell that I
  don't think they will ever want to face, at least, not if you let them feel
  it just once. That should take care of any worries about them trying anything
  stupid while we sleep." And she slipped out of the room. 
 "So, you didn't answer me. Did you sleep well?" He released Mitch. 
 The two youths just look at each other, trying to find a polite way to ask
  their master if he had lost his mind. Sleep well, just who, was he kidding?
  Mitch was the only one who got any sleep, at all, Eric he had lay there, all
  day, watching over his love, trying to imprint his essence on him, just encase
  his master decided one day that he finally did think it would be best if he
  separated them. 
 Zephyr just shook his head. "Eric, I can understand your nervousness it
  being your first day and all, but I already told you, once your gave yourself
  and your will over to me, that I would never separate the two of you. And I
  won't. What Topaz and I are planning, one day, after you all get used to dealing
  with the Dark Paths, is just taking the five of you with us, anywhere we go,
  here or at my Sire's home." He ruffled the boy's hair. "Now, my ladylove, she
  has a good idea. I won't chain you up, during the day, anymore if I can make
  you see why you are fully, mine. So, I don't want to have both of you have
  to feel the pain of being tardy on your bonding." 
 "I'll do it." Eric was quick to offer. "What do I have to do, Master?" 
 "Nothing, honey. And no, Mitch is a whole lot stronger than you give him
  credit for being. So, you come and drink. Mitch won't have to do anything but
  just lie there for a few more minutes. The bond you both have with me is very
  new, it shouldn't be more than five, ten, minutes before he feels the hunger." And
  then he reached out to touch Mitch's cheek. "I promise honey, the moment you
  feel the pain, I will be here. Want you to know what belonging to us means,
  yes, but sitting back and letting you suffer, no, never that." 
 * * * 
 Topaz stopped by Bryan's room first to collect the very frightened mortal. "I'm
  sorry, I over slept." She helped him to stand up. "Let's hurry, I'm sure Susan
  is probably as buggy as you were." 
 Susan lay on the bed, crying softly in pain as Topaz and Bryan entered the
  room. "Oh, I see I won't have to make a point with you." She ripped her wrist
  open, pressing it against Susan's mouth. "Go on Susan, drink." She just sat
  there, lost in the wonderful feeling as Susan drank. "I know it hurts, honey,
  that is why you need to tag me when I first get you up for a while. Until the
  bond between us is stronger, it's very hard." She held out a hand to Bryan. "Come
  on, I don't think I have to do a repeat for you. I had wanted you both to understand
  why you couldn't ever leave. But now that I have been reminded about how bad
  it really is, I'd just as soon not ever see that again." 
 "Can I ask a question, Mistress?" Susan could feel how relaxed her body
  was now, and how different than what she had been feeling just moment's before. 
 "Topaz, please, my Sire might be big into the Master and Mistress thing,
  but do me a favor and just call me Topaz. Sure, what is it?" 
 "What happened? I thought I was burning up, inside." 
 Topaz nodded. "Yeah, I know. The more infusions you get from us, the stronger
  you get and the more you can be fed from, but the only draw back is, the longer
  you get it, the more you have to keep getting it. I had only given you my blood,
  once, and your body has already been changed so that you must continue to get
  it, or die in pain of the likes, I can't even begin to describe." And she held
  up a hand, forestalling their next question. "And no, I will never purposely
  starve you. Not even if I have to punish you. I'm not a monster, and I'd have
  to be one to do that to either one of you. To think, I could do something that
  horrid to any pet I have and love." 
 * * * 
 Megel pulled back, looking down at his work. "You are just so damn nice
  looking." He muttered, pulling Torin up into his arms. 
 "What, you're not fussing at me for being too pretty?" Torin liked being
  where he was. He could stay here, safe and protected, for the rest of his life. 
 Megel nipped at his bottom lip. "No, Tori, My First-Born is too pretty,
  too pretty by far, for his own good. You, I just really like the way you look. 
 "You do know something, Father," Torin ducked his head, almost blushing. "If
  it wasn't for the fact that I'm yours now, and this is going to be the last
  word in long term relationships, I'd say you were trying a line on me." He
  leaned forward, seeking something to cool the fire that was beginning to build
  in him. 
 *I will never, completely, abandon you. *   Megel's
  fangs sank into Torin's throat as his Childe fed, sharing with him, for the
  first time, the link, so pure and sweet, that other than Sire to Childe, only
  lifemate's could share. *Even after your hundred years, I will
  never leave you completely alone. *  
 
 "Ain't no fucking way in hell." Crystal swore. 
 Both Azrael and Loki turned to her at once. "Precious?" Azrael reached for
  her. "What is the matter?" 
 "This just can't be happening. I mean I know your life has gotten a lot
  more hectic over the last few years, but this is just too fucking much." 
 "What is it?" Now she had him concerned. 
 *First, Megel comes home. You get a Mage, that little problem
        between him and Vincent. The one that made Cain, Megel's Childe, then
        there is Gabriel and his return, Sapphire and Tori. *   Her
        mind rattled off the facts. *Jenna and Cerberus, and all
        that went with them, up to and including a tribunal for Titania. Loki,
        and then Sapphire and Tori, again, both the good and the bad. Hell, I
        was blown away, when I got what I got and knew your life was going to
        be thrown up in the air again. But this is really going too far. First
        you and now Megel, *   Crystal just stood there, watching
        as Megel picked Torin up and carried him to the bed in the corner. 
 "What are you talking about?" He demanded. 
 *Please, Master, like this. I don't want to spoil Megel's surprise.
        *  
 *What are you talking about girl? *   His mind
  voice was almost sharp. *Spoil his surprise, what surprise? *  
 *Azrael! *   Crystal sounded exasperated. *Look
        at them, I can't do shit yet and I can see it. *  
 Azrael looked at Megel, trying to see what it was that his new Childe and
  soulbonded saw. 
 He could not believe what he saw, as he dropped his shields and invoked
  Mage Sight. Megel's essence and Torin's were merging, becoming one in the same. *It
  is not possible. Soulbonding's are rare. Maybe two or three every five centuries
  or so. And I cannot believe that I am witnessing two of the rarest of all things
  Vampyr and two souls becoming as one. Shocking enough when it happened to me,
  but not three days later, my First-Born as well. *  
 "What are the two of you talking about?" Loki didn't want to intrude, but
  he also wanted to know what was going on. 
 *Peace, beloved, come, share this with me, link and see what
        I do. *   He opened his mind as they formed a bond, and
        this bond was more complete than any bond they had ever shared. With
        the dropping of his shields, he was completely open, and he became lost
        in the wonder of what was happening. *See, beloved, my boy,
        he is becoming entirely too much like me. *   Azrael wasn't
        sure if he should be pleased, or just shocked at both, the, sight before
        him or the strength of the link. He just couldn't believe what he was
        seeing, or feeling, as he watched Megel and Torin become one. 
 *Don't worry. Azrael, Father, *   Crystal's
  mind touched them both . *You won't see a repeat of what happened
  to Torin and Sapphire in this. Megel and his boy, they are going to be around
  for a real long time. *   She went to ease fears, before they
  had time to even begin to form. 
 *Thank you. *   He pulled her closer against
  him. *My, love. *   Azrael felt a fear that he
  hadn't really begun to feel yet, die in him. His First-Born, his, most, precious
  of all, would now share the joy that he did, every time he touched his newest
  Childe. 
 Topaz and Zephyr, followed by, their, four, entered the room. "I see my
  big brother is busy with another nephew." She laughed. 
 *Hush Childe. *   Azrael fussed at her. *Yes,
        Megel has made his new Fledgling, and if you will just come here, and
        join me, you will see what else he has created for himself. *  
 Topaz smiled at Zephyr as she moved to go to where Azrael stood with Loki
  and Crystal. *Why are we talking like this Daddy? In the state
  of mind he is in right now, I don't think, that Megel would hear a marching
  band. Not even if it was to march right past him. What did he nam  e him,
  anyway? *  
 *Hush Topaz. Your older brother has named his Childe, after
        your older brother, Torin. And like my son, this Childe is not only a
        Mage and a Healer, but soulbonded as well. See, your brother, has taken
        his Childe as I have taken mine, and is soulbonded to him. *   He
        held up a wrist to her, offering her a link. 
 *But, *   it was a beautiful sight, as her Sire's
  blood filled her mouth, but she knew all too well, what had happened to Torin. 
 *It's okay, sister, really it is. Like I just assured our Father
        that won't happen to them. They are going to be around for a real, long
        time. And this Torin will, not only, be, as good as the first, he will
        be better than Tori ever dreamed of being. Which is scary, when you stop
        to think about it. Tori helped to not only heal Loki, but send him back
        to us as well. *   Crystal was about to burst .
        *But I just can't believe it's happening. Hell, I still have to pinch
        myself to make sure I'm not dreaming. But Megel, tell me, what are the
        odds? *  
 *Now I really do wish I were a Mage, everywhere I turn, I see
        two of them as soulmate's. *   Topaz complained. *Zeph,
        come here, you, just, have to see this. *  
 *Yes, ladylove see what? *   Zephyr was at her
  side at once. 
 Topaz reached out to open herself to him. Linking, by blood, with him to
  let him see what she was seeing. *Holy shit! *   Zephyr
  swore softly as her blood enabled him to see what was before him, and he took
  in what there was to be seen , *but how? *  
 *It does appear that my son will never be alone again. For
        with this Childe, linked to him as two souls who bond, are, he will never
        have to walk away from him. *   It was really rather amusing,
        he had to admit. Crystal had been right when she asked, 'what were the
        odds'? Azrael just chuckled. 
 Harris led his First-Born and husband, along with Christian and Melanie
  into the room. His eyebrow rose, slightly, as he took in the spectacle on the
  bed across the room. He had known that Megel was going to take his Chosen to
  Childe, but if what he was feeling was any indication of how it was going,
  then there was a lot more going on here than just the simple passing of a Gift. *Azrael,
  what's up? I don't want to sound presumptuous, but isn't Megel's new boy, just
  a little young to be projecting like he is? *  
 *No more so than my latest is. *   Azrael felt
  a little shamed. This Childe, a mere student of his, and he had picked up the
  change the moment he had entered the room. 
 *Father, she doesn't count. She's your soulbonded. It's expected
        of her. *   Then a pause, *no, that's not
        possible. *  
 *There is very little for one of us that is not possible, Childe.
        Probable, no, but as you can see, it is possible. *  
 *But, I was always taught that what is happening between him
        and his Childe was so very rare. You, yes, I can see. You are an Adept
        after all, sooner or later if you had a match, it would show itself,
        but Megel? *  
 *My son is an Adept as well, Childe, one that is near my equal.
        It is no more surprising, if you wish to look at it in those terms, for
        him to have one than I do. And as you have both seen and felt, Crystal
        is very much the other half of my soul. *  
 *So, with him bonded to his Childe as he obviously is, is he
        still going to be able to train the little Mageling? *  
 *Yes, Harris, as I have said, he is near my equal in his skill.
        All this will do is see to it that, his Childe's training moves along
        smoother than most. He, unlike most, is connected to his apprentice in
        such a way, that the, mistakes, will be few and far in-between. *  
 "I think I might just be jealous. Doc is my husband, I love him more than
  life, but, there is no way that I could ever compare what I have with him,
  to what Megel is going to have with his mate. Harris pulled Doc close. Squeezing
  his against him. "We've been upstaged, baby." He whispered to his husband. 
 "How so?" 
 "Megel, has gone and soulbonded to that Fledgling of his. Has gone and joined
  souls with that boy." 
 "Megel, has gone and did what?" Christian couldn't believe what he had heard. 
 "He's gone and joined the ranks of those that are bound, for life, with
  his Childe." Harris smiled at Christian. "And it is not as Doc and I, or Cerberus
  and Eris, or even Gabriel and Hunter, but by the sealing of one soul in two
  bodies." 
 Christian looked at Megel as he lay, lost with Torin. The pain he thought,
  with his remaking, to be put to rest. Resurfaced in his heart and soul. 'Oh,
  Vincent'  , it hurt, hurt so much. Oh he was happy for his new Sire's
  adopted brother. But, to see him, finding, lasting peace. A, peace, that would
  never leave him. It drove home his loneliness. 
 *Don't, honey Megel and his boy, they would feel horrible if
        they thought they had hurt you. *   Harris felt the pain
        as it welled up in his newest Childe. 
 Christian leaned against him. *I know that, Father, but why
        can't I find what you have with my brother? I am no mage, so I could
        never share what my new uncle is sharing with his Childe, but, I am lonely,
        I have lost two sire's, a sister, a Grand-Sire, how much more will I
        have to lose to remain as I am? *   He didn't pull away
        as Harris and Doc pulled him between them. He was too lost in the pain
        that cut at his heart and soul to even notice. 
 *What can I possibly say to you, Childe that will help with
        this? Yes, Vincent is dead, I didn't know of your Sire before him. But
        Lilith isn't gone from you for good. And as for Grand-Sire's, with my
        taking you as my Childe, I became Azrael's son, true it is by adoption,
        only, but better that than not at all. And Doc, is more, than just your,
        brother, by adoption. I remade you. You are my son, and Doc is your brother
        by blood. *   Harris worried about his newest Childe.
        He had thought, when he remade Christian as his own Childe, that the
        pain would finally end for the boy, but he hadn't thought that he would
        be facing a new soulbonding so soon. He looked up to Azrael .
        *Father, my Childe, what can I do to help him? There is pain here, pain
        that I didn't know I would have to deal with when I took him. *  
 Azrael didn't want to look away from the wonder that was playing out before
  him. But he had been a Sire too long to ignore the pain in his Childe's thoughts. 
 *Beloved, *   Loki's mind touched his. *What
        is wrong? *  
 Azrael closed his eyes. What should he do? All he had wanted, when he forbade
  Christian from fading was to end the death in his home, but, if the Childe
  still, even after seeking a new Sire, still bled as he did. Perhaps he should
  have let the boy go. Maybe, the loss of two, Sire's was really more than any
  infant should be asked to face. *My Grand-Childe, he is in pain.
  Harris is not sure of how to ease it. And I forgive me, beloved, but in my
  desperate plight to end the pain and death in my home, I fear I have caused
  more. Christian has no wish for life, and now, if he fades, Harris and Doc
  will bleed. *  
 *Oh, please. Father love, think. *   Crystal
  looked over to where Christian stood, trapped between the two that supported
  him, his new Sire and brother, crying softly. *Remember what Selene
  did with Loki back when Sapphire died? You would have offered it to both Harris
  and Lerion, sooner or later. Well, if Chris needs to find himself, in a stronger
  family, than just Harris and Doc, then don't you, think, by taking Harris and
  remaking him that would work? *  
 Azrael looked at Crystal for a moment. *Childe, this power
        you have, to see into my life, as you do. It frightens me. *  
 *Well it's no, cake walk, for me either Az. But there is nothing
        I can do, about what I see. Other than try and run with it. *  
 *You know. You are right. I had planned, as soon as Loki and
        I had you and your sister, free of us, to offer then both, my, Line.
        But for now, it is taking everything my hearts light and I have to support
        the two of you. *  
 Crystal snorted. *You are too damn old Azrael. You should try
        taking a lesson from Cerberus. He spent most of his life as a Rogue,
        and as a Rogue, he got rather good at making due with what he had. You
        have a whole friggin Hall full of feeders. And between you and Loki five
        pets. Other than Rain, there are no other true Rogues living here, and
        you need to do something about her anyway. So there really isn't going
        to be a drain on the Hall. Go on, Father, offer to make them both your
        sons' in truth. Hell, it would be nice to not be the baby of the family.
        You aren't Vincent. You won't end up shorting any of us, because your
        heart and mind are still too focused on one. *   She leaned
        against him. 
 *Are you sure, love? I have lost one Childe already, all because
        I was preoccupied. And though Topaz turned out, much, better than I had
        any right to hope with as neglected as she was. I do not dare hope that
        I will have the same luck, twice. *  
 *Azrael *   Crystal hit him on the arm. *You
        and Loki had just lost so much. Topaz didn't feel slighted. You are a
        hell of a lot more stable than you give yourself credit for being. Even
        in as much pain as the two of you were you made sure she was taken care
        of. Even if you did have to practically steal Zephyr from Cerberus to
        do it. But you made sure she was assured of her place here. *   She
        hugged him to her. *I'm not just your Childe, and you are
        far more than just my Sire. We are soulmate's. Do you really think that
        I am going to feel threatened by you doing your duty by my brothers?
        If you don't believe me, ask Megel when he finally makes it back from
        where ever he and Tori have lost themselves with each other. *  
 He nodded, looking up at Harris. *I would offer you more than
        just adoption, Childe. Let me think I have one Childe that needs me.
        But I have a house full of mortals to see to what I need. I will talk
        to those involved, and then we will see what we can do to help not only
        ease your Childe's pain. But also yours and Lerion's. *   
 *You don't have to do that, Father. I am content with my connection
        to you now. *  
 *Hush, Harris, I would have done this later, anyway. But now,
        as Crystal has been so polite to point out. I need to think about my
        duties to you, and your Childe. *  
 Azrael looked down into Crystal's eyes, smiling, softly. "You know, love,
  you are too bright by far." 
 "Bright, and starving." She agreed, reaching for him, going to cool the
  hunger she was feeling, with the only blood she was able to stomach for now,
  his. 
CHAPTER 11 
 Megel, rolled over on his back, trying hard to understand what had just
  happened to him. 'It just isn't possible'  . He told himself,
  there was no way that, ' he'  could be bonded, soul to
  soul with Torin. He just couldn't believe it. But as he looked back over at
  his sleeping Childe, and felt the stirrings in his soul, he had to accept that ,
  'yes'  , he had indeed found the one soul in all creation that was
  the match to his. 
 But even in the joy that he felt, looking down at the man who would share
  his life with him. That he would never have to push out, to walk away from.
  The knowledge that his little Brother, who he had named his Childe after, had
  likewise been soulbonded to another. And the horror of the end of that glorious
  pairing. And unlike that horror, with him, if he should die with his mate,
  he had another Childe, who had been forced to become a Sire, at such a young
  age, to keep him from following his brother into the Shadow Realm. He would
  follow him and Torin into death, and with him his Childe. 
 But, no, Torin might be so like his brother in his gifts and abilities.
  But he wasn't near as strong yet, and he was whole, completely and totally
  whole. His mind was not too strong for him, and Megel didn't feel any threat.
  He had helped Azrael, though his mourning of his little brother, to work out
  why the Childe had died. And his Torin, it wasn't the same. The bond, was a
  normal one, there was no stronger or weaker. 
 He forced himself to remember that. Had Torin and Sapphire's bonding been
  of the normal kind, then Torin would have never died. Two, who are soulbonded,
  and Kin, did not simply die. He held on to that truth as he watched his Childe
  sleep. 
 
 Azrael moved, to come close to the bed, where Megel lay with his Childe .
        *I must say Megel, you are as full of surprises as that First-Born of
        yours. *   The amused thoughts touched him. 
 *Aye, Father, it would appear so. *   Megel
  carefully, not wanting to wake his Fledgling and mate moved from the bed. *It,
  how can it have happened? Lifemate's I can see. Shadow is already, the moment
  I let him, or he is able to walk away from me, going to wed his Childe, but
  this? *  
 *Why do you not, go and ask your little sister. She is the
        one that saw it before it happened. She seems to be just full of helpful
        hints today. *  
 Megel looked to his Childe as the infant slept. *I keep telling
        myself that it was the imbalance of Tori and Sapphires bonding that caused
        him to die, and with him, her as well. That mine is like yours and a
        normal one. *   He looked to his dearest friend and Sire. *No,
        bondmate's, other than Tori and Sapphire have ever just died before,
        have, they? *  
 *I will not lie to you my son, yes, but it is as rare, if not
        rarer than the Gift not taking correctly. You're son and mate will be
        fine. *   He hugged him. "I am so proud of you, Childe." He
        whispered. "So very proud." 
 Shadow came to him, Thorne not a breath behind. "Father?" 
 Megel pulled him close. Catching his head in his hands, to look down at
  the young Kin. "Listen to me Shadow, take this to your heart. Tori might be
  my mate as well as my Childe. But you are still my First-Born. And nothing
  that has happened between Tori and I will ever change that. You are my 'First-Born'  ." 
 Shadow laughed at him softly. "So, what is being said around here, is true.
  You up and took my little brother as your mate." He hugged Megel. "Chill, Megel,
  I'm not a baby anymore. Hell, I am one of the overwhelming numbers of Sire's
  in this place. I know who you are, and even more important, I know who I am.
  I love you, you love me, I learned with Cain that you could love, more, than
  just one, and it not matter in the least. Congrat's Father." 
 "Now, I really am going to have to take my wife and run hide in my father's
  home. Bad, enough, when it was my little cousin, but now two of them." Zephyr
  squeezed Topaz. 
 "Hold up here, you could at least give me a few minutes to gush over my
  big brother's good luck. And you can't forget I've got Susan, to take care
  of before I can go. I'm, not without responsibilities anymore." 
 "Well, hug Megel, Childe and see to your girl there, I will take care of
  her, while you are gone." Azrael wanted to discuss what Crystal had suggested
  with his son, but he could, and, would wait. 
 Bryan's stomach rumbled, causing the boy to blush. "Hungry?" Zephyr looked
  at him, smiling, before looking up, trying to locate one of the few remaining
  mortals that had been here before the blast. "Casey?" 
 The young mortal pulled away from Selene and came to his side. "Yes, Master?" 
 "Have you guys eaten yet? I know that Bryan is going home with me, but the
  kid hasn't eaten anything since before we took him yesterday." 
 Casey just laughed. "Yeah, I had dinner with the rest already, but it's
  okay, come on, Bryan. I am willing to bet there is still something in the kitchen." He
  took the confused mortal and moved to leave. 
 "Wait," Topaz reached for Susan. "I know you have to be hungry too, baby,
  even if you haven't said anything. Why don't you go with the rest if they can
  be separated from their owners and get something to eat." 
 In a matter of moments Casey had the whole lot of the new pets, and was
  heading for the kitchen, muttering to himself about how it didn't used to be
  this bad. 
 "Well, now that we got all the kids out of the way, come here." Topaz threw
  her arms around Megel. "Do you have to do everything our father does?" She
  fussed teasingly as she squeezed him tight. 
 "Azrael, didn't have to face being a Grand-Sire to my First-Born when I
  was only three. Trust me, little one, all in all, I have done many things that
  our father would never have dreamed of." He looked up the where Torin was beginning
  to wake, with hunger. "One moment Sis, I have to take care of my mate." 
 Torin moaned against Megel's throat as he fed. *What happened,
        Father? *   He had meant to ask that earlier, but for
        some reason, he had lost consciousness. 
 *It would seem that you are as full of surprises as my son,
        love. How was I to know when I made you my Childe, that the first time
        we shared blood, and what always follows that sharing. I would end up
        with you as a mate. *   Megel looked at Torin as the Childe
        pulled away to look at him in confusion. "You are a Mage, Childe, as
        am I. So now we are soulbonded." He smiled softly. "I will never have
        to push you out. No one pushes out the other half of his soul." 
 Torin just looked at him, a strange look of confusion and joy on his face. "We
  are what?" 
 "I know I haven't even begun your training yet love, but it would seen that
  young as you are, we are like Azrael and his girl, my little sister, Crystal.
  Our souls are linked, for life. As long as you live, or I do, we will always
  be together." 
 "You mean we, like, are soulmate's?" Okay, now this was a twist. "Really,
  you're not just teasing me, are your Megel?" 
 Megel laughed at him, hugging him to him again. "No, Childe, I am quite
  serious. You and I share a bond that is so very rare. Our souls, they melded
  together, there is now only one soul in two bodies. You and I will live together,
  as lifemate's, for the next countless years." Then he looked up to Crystal. "And
  we owe it all to my Sire's little mate there. And the books she wrote. For
  had you not read them, you would have never trusted me enough to come without
  struggle." 
 "'Them', don't you mean, it, as in single Megel? I read 'Blood's Lust'.
  What, you mean to tell me I missed other books by her?" 
 Megel just laughed. "What, I thought you knew, why didn't you tell me you
  had no clue what was going on?" Then to Crystal, "Okay, little sister, obviously
  since I never heard of these books, care to fill me in on what my boy does
  and does not know?" 
 Crystal just chuckled. "He's read 'Blood's Lust', that was my first book.
  That covered you coming home, Azrael taking Topaz, who was Morgan back then,
  healing her, and then deciding to make her his Chosen. Vincent and, his, two
  coming here. Wolf and Billy, and then the slaughter of most of his others,
  who were not what a proper pet in a Covenstead, should be like. Mark's besting.
  The trip to the, mall, to get Morgan a dog. Torin's collection and Wendy's
  death, the book went from the first time you sought out Azrael's help up to
  and including you taking Cain as your Childe." She took a breath. "And every
  thing that went on during that time. Then my second book, 'Blood's Promise',
  went into the finding and reclaiming of Gabriel, Torin's soulbonding to Robyn.
  Hunter's love for Gabriel. Selene's adoption, and then Jenna's torture, Set's
  subsequent death. That was the first time I had mentioned not only Cerberus
  and the Warlocks but also the promise Azrael made to Titania. That is the book
  that I did my first introduction, of Christian, who ended up, as Vincent's
  Childe. That is one of the things that scared me the most, after 'Blood's Pain',
  I got a package, that only had two things in it. A photo of Adrian Carr's funeral,
  which had Robyn and Torin in it, and another clipping that talked about the
  mystery surrounding the death of six prominent businessmen in Chicago." She
  lay a hand on Azrael's arm. "My third and final book, was Blood's Pain." She
  didn't want to talk about that one. Even after over three years, she still
  didn't like to think about that one. "Tell you what, Tori, why don't you ask
  Megel to go our and if he can't find them, have the book store order them,
  they are still in print. I'd just as soon not talk about my third book. It
  took a lot out of me, and gave me nightmares for weeks." 
 Torin only nodded, after reading her first book and seeing the detail she
  had put into what was there, he could only imagine what would be so bad as
  to have her beg off talking about it. "Sure, but do me a favor, when I get
  them, will you autograph them for me?" 
 "Sure, Tori. After all, your name is in all three." She looked up to Megel. "But
  warn him before he reads the third that lightning isn't going to strike twice.
  You and he will be together for a real long time. So long that not even I can
  see your death, which is just fine by me." 
 "You are seeing the future now, Childe? My future?" Azrael took her hand. 
 "Yeah, that is how I know that the Renegade will try a challenge on Loki,
  not knowing that he has been fully healed, I also see his death. Just do the
  other's, a, favor Loki, when you kill the son of a bitch, set his soul free,
  so that it has to go to the Shadow Realm. I am more than just sure that he
  will get one hell of a greeting there. You and Loki have Kin there that will
  see to it that he spends the rest of eternity paying for what he did. Osiris
  can be down right ugly when it comes to his family." 
 Loki smiled, coldly. "I know, Childe, Osiris was the driving force behind
  my healing. Without his help, Torin and Thorne would have never been able to
  do all that was done, and I would still be there." 
 Azrael gently took Crystal in his hands. "I will have Megel, block this
  gift, for now. Until you are older and better trained, if it is as you say,
  and you see my future. I do not want you, as young as you are, to ever see
  our death." 
 She smiled up at him, hand stroking his cheek. "Too late, baby. I knew when
  you would join those you have sent on, when Loki and I would join you in your
  death, the moment I woke as your Childe. It's okay, it's a long way off." *I
  see a lot of things honey, but very few that are sure. Most of the things I
  see are still intermixed with what might and what won't. But the time of our
  Death, it is the only possible path. So I know, like I knew about the bomb,
  that it is going to happen. And like the bomb, it is something that I don't
  see any of us rushing. It's okay, Love, I have lived with this, for many years.
  *  
 *But, you never knew, my, future did you? *  
 *No, but like I said, it's okay. I can deal with it. I'm the
        other half of your soul, remember? I know and accept everything. I can
        live with what I know, and can do so without regret. *  
 *Childe, *   he crushed her to him. *If
        you know the time of my death, then that means, you know yours as well.
        You can stand here, knowing the time of your own death, and do so calmly?
        *  
 Crystal laughed out loud. *I have more years than I ever thought
        possible. More years than you have had so far. So yeah, I can accept
        it, and not feel cheated. *   Then she laughed even harder. *Damn,
        I have been living with you in my head for so long, I sound like you.
        To put it in the trash talk you hate so much, I will be with you, long
        enough, not to feel ripped off. Now, go on and talk to Megel about what
        we both want you to. We'll talk about this, later. But don't you think
        we need to get things moving? *   She hid her face in
        his shirt . *Please, Father, I might not be bothered about
        what I've seen, but that doesn't mean I want to think about it. *  
 Azrael nodded at her, she was right. The thought that she knew his, and
  through him, her own death, was a frightening thing. "So, Megel," he would
  change the subject. "Your brother has brought it to my attention, that his
  newborn, is bleeding from the soul. I was wrong in my plight to save him. I
  should have let Christian follow his Sire. And now, I do not dare. I have lost
  enough Children, and if Christian fades, then I run the risk of losing Harris,
  and through him, Doc as well. There are too many lives at risk. I have endangered
  so many in my selfishness." 
 "Okay, so what are you planning on doing?" Megel started. 
 "I am not sure, there is more than one option here." 
 "Because, if you don't go ahead and make Harris your son by blood, I will.
  The Gods know, we have enough on the Hall, that between them and the pets we
  have, there shouldn't be a problem." 
 Azrael nodded. Good, Megel saw where he was going. "That is the most obvious
  and correct option. I was just trying to see if you had any other thoughts
  that I hadn't considered. You are right, there is more than enough mortals
  here for what I will do, but I have two already that are very tied into my
  heart and soul." 
 "Selene, she has Loki too, and Crystal, she's your soulmate, there is nothing
  that could threaten that connection. I know that, so if you can't, I will." Megel
  looked up to where Harris sat with his Brood. "If you will remember, Azrael,
  we had discussed something along this line, back before we had our loss." 
 "Yes, but back then, I had less a reason to do as they had done in my youth,
  and just adopt many of the Rogues that came at my summons." It must be that
  he was still in shock from his Bonding to his Childe, because everywhere he
  turned, their were those, so very much younger than him that were reminding
  him of his duties as the Master of his Home and Covenstead. "You are right,
  Megel. If ever I had a reason, I have one now." 
 "Don't forget Lerion and Rain." Crystal was quick to add. 
 Azrael snorted at her. "Lerion, goes without saying, Love, though I am not
  at all sure what to do about Rain. She was Forests wife, and her First-Born
  and only Childe. The only female Kin I have in my house, that is old enough
  to be on her own feet, is Topaz, and I just helped her and Zephyr with their
  new Lifemate brands. I don't think she is quite up to what Megel's boy is." 
 "Why not, you? Or did you forget that not only do you have Crystal and me,
  but Willow and Brandy? If she can't bear your touch after the first time, when
  she bonds with you, as her Sire, she can always seek us." Selene smiled. 
 Gabriel moved to lay a hand on Selene. "No, little cousin, Forest was her
  lifemate. Her Wife and Hunter is my Husband. I think being the only free man
  here, other than Megel's boy. And he is still too young to be asked to take
  another Childe. I can, and I have Jewel, as well as the rest of you, if she
  chooses to seek another woman." 
 "Well, someone needs to make up their minds and soon." Crystal muttered. "I
  don't want to sound like a bossy know it all, but the girl hasn't left her
  room since we came here. Not even to feed. The only thing that has kept her
  from fading, is the fact that she can't decide what to do if she fades, and
  how to make sure that she bleeds enough to be released to follow her Sire." 
 "Why did you not mention this sooner Childe?" Azrael fussed. 
 Crystal looked at him. "Make up your mind Azrael, either you want me to
  use my sight or not. I just 'knew'  , okay." 
 *Rain, Childe? *   Now was not the time to fuss
  at his bondmate and Childe for her tone. She was right, even if she was a little
  warpish. 
 *What? *   A wall of despair hit Azrael. His Childe
  had been right, this one, she was so close to death.  
 *Come Childe, there is many things for us to discuss. *   He
  only hoped that it wasn't too late for the girl. Well, no matter, if she could
  be saved, he would see if he could help, and if not. The very least he could
  do was assure her that she would be released if she did indeed choose to fade. 
 Gabriel looked down at Hunter. *I might not be quite as old
        as Megel or Azrael, but if she chooses to live, I won't ever forget you
        in my raising of her. *  
 Hunter just smiled up at him. *I'm not real worried, Gabriel,
        I have your mark on my chest, you have mine. You're connection with her
        will only guarantee me a little sister. She will be no more a threat
        between what we have, as Jewel is, or Robyn was. I mean, look at it this
        way. With as many as we have both Kin and mortal here, that we already
        love, what's one more? *  
 *Uh, guys. *   It was Crystal's light touch. *I
        hate to bud in, but maybe, you both would like to know that it was Torin's
        and Sapphire's bonding while they were still only mortals and not like
        us, that sealed their doom. It won't matter how uneven the tie is between
        the two of you. You aren't going anywhere. You'll both still be around   as
        long as I can see. *  
 The both looked at her . *How? *   Gabriel started,
  shocked to the core. 
 *Did you know? *   Hunter finished Gabriel's
  thought. 
 *Please, think you two, if I know the time of my death, because
        I know everything about Azrael. You are part of his life. I think I have
        proven well enough by my books, that I know you. *   She
        gave them both a dirty look. "So, you're going to be the one to offer
        Rain another option, other than death?" 
 "If she will take it, then yes. It's not going to be easy for me. I am going
  to have, to visit the Hall, a lot. But yes, if she is up to taking my offer,
  I am going to make it." 
 Azrael went to where Harris sat, with his two and Melanie. "So, Childe,
  do you think that if I offered you my line, that perhaps your soul could heal
  along with your newborn's?" *Lerion Childe, *   he
  reached for his other adopted son. 
 *Yes. *  
 *Do you feel that your First-Born is up to leaving your room
        with you for a bit? I need to talk with you, and it needs to be face
        to face. *  
 Lerion chuckled in his mind . *It's, not, me that's keeping
        Wolf in bed, but Brandon. Just give me a sec to pry the two apart, and
        I'll, be there in a jif. *  
 Azrael felt the worry and quilt in his heart ease. Perhaps he had been a
  little too presumptuous with Christian, with his insistence that the Childe
  live, but it would seem that Vincent's Chosen, who had become Lerion's Childe,
  was doing just fine, and the Sire as well. 
 Harris looked from Azrael, to Christian, and finally up to lock eyes with
  Doc. *Love? *  
 *If I can deal with you taking another Childe, with as new
        as our tie is, do you really think I'm going to get pissy about you giving
        me a Blood Line? If he makes you his Childe, then you will finally have
        a mark to pass on to me. I think for that, I can share you with just
        one more. *   
 *Just checking. *  
 *Well, you going to say yes, or not? Keep in mind that a chance
        to be Lined Kin isn't offered to our kind often. *  
 Harris looked back at Azrael, who was watching him patiently. "I just had
  to check with Doc. Because when I do this. I, won't be able to share the bond
  with him or Christian for the next year or so." 
 Azrael nodded. Yes, it would be hard on the two, but. *Childe;
        I am your Master in the arts. Do you not think I can take care of that
        problem for you? *  
 "Really?" Harris was impressed. The fact that he couldn't share his love
  and connection with either Doc or Christian during the time that he would be
  locked to Azrael's blood, worried him a bit. 
 "Yes, really. And I can do the same for your brother. If that is the only
  thing that is giving you pause, then you have nothing holding you back." 
 Harris nodded. "No, I don't guess I do. Yes, of course. If you really want
  to do more than just adopt me. Though I still miss my Sire, he has been dead
  for almost twenty years. I think he would understand and approve of you. Anything
  that would see that I was better protected, and through me, Doc as well. He
  would agree to." 
 "So, your Sire, he knew of your Husband?" 
 "No, Father, but Doc is my Childe. I was Cameron's First-Born, Doc is mine." 
 Azrael shook his head. "Another, First-Born and only Childe. No wonder you
  took your lover as your lifemate and Childe so soon." 
 Harris nodded. "It is a Rogues life, Master." 
 "Well, no more. By the time your go to your sleep at dawn, you will no longer
  be Rogue. And neither will your Brood." 
 * * * 
 Rain and Lerion met as they entered the room. She looked like hell. He could
  see what this was doing to her. And though he understood his adopted father's
  desire to keep others from dying in his home, she should have been let go. "Are
  you okay Rain?" 
 She looked at him, her light eyes void, of anything but pain. "He summoned
  me." 
 He nodded. "Me too." 
 "Why did he call?" 
 "That I don't know. But he asked me to come, and as soon as my two could
  be separated, I did. He said he needed to talk to me, face to face." 
 She looked to where Azrael still stood talking to Harris. "I wonder what
  more he can possibly ask of me. I have no life, he won't let me fade, or if
  I do, he won't let me go to my Sire, She's all I have, and I can't go to her.
  So what more could he ask of me?" 
 *Mayhaps, Childe, if you will only listen to what I have to
        say, you might have a chance, not only to live, but to join my Line.
        *   Azrael led Harris to where they were standing. "Childe,
        you look wretched." 
 "What do you mean, Father, a chance to join your Line?" Lerion had caught
  Azrael's words. 
 "Though I would have never tried to take any Childe from his or her Sire.
  Forest is dead. She left an infant behind, and that Childe is pining away.
  So unless I or one of the others here, do something soon, I will have no other
  choice than lift my ban of fading, and release her to be with her mother and
  wife." 
 Rain looked up at him, a burning hope in her eyes. "You will let me fade?
  I can be with Forest?" 
 He nodded. "But only if you do not think that if I let my Grand-Childe remake
  you as his, that it would help heal your soul. Think Childe. Would Forest have
  wished you to follow her, if she believed that you had a chance to live again?
  To be remade, and a Rogue no more, but a Childe of the Lines, my Line." He
  touched her cheek. "Gabriel has a husband that is his Childe, and First-Born.
  He was his own Sire's First-Born and only Childe. So he understands what your
  Sire meant to you. Has offered to help you to find peace again. I would, but
  I do not think that I am what you need. Besides, I will have five latched to
  me already. Loki and my two daughters and well as Harris and Lerion." He just
  chuckled at Lerion's startled gasp. "Yes, Childe, though you are healing much
  better than I had first feared. I will offer you a chance to be my Childe,
  but by more than just adoption. Be your Sire by blood, and through you, your
  First-Born's Grand-Sire. If only you will agree. We shall be one family here." 
 Lerion looked at him, then to Wolf who stood so close. Could he do that?
  Could he end his willingness to bond with his Childe? "I don't know, Father.
  After Wolf doesn't need my blood and continued bond of Sire to Childe so often,
  then yes, of course. But I have to wait for him to finish healing himself.
  Then; I said yes, not only because, if I had faded, you would have never let
  me seek Derrick where he awaits me, but also because, I was Rogue, and no Rogue
  would have refused the chance to end the loneliness. Derrick would and will
  understand. I lived, because I am now your Childe, even if it is only by adoption.
  By blood, yes, gladly, once Wolf is stronger. But please, Father, give me that
  time for him." 
 Azrael smiled. "You do your old Sire, and me, proud my son. But you forget.
  Or perhaps it is because you are not one, but as a Mage, and much older than
  you, I assure you. I can help to see that, your, Childe does not go without.
  If you, consent to being my Childe in truth. Then I will see to it that he
  always knows not only your love, and care, but the bond you have just so recently
  begun to share with him." 
 *You mean this, Azrael? *   Lerion was too stunned
  to speak. 
 *Yes, Childe, I mean this. Now, see to your First-Born while
        I speak with Rain. Soon enough just give me a little more time to see
        if I can reach her. And then, I shall be your Sire, in truth, and will
        brand not only you but Harris as well, with my mark. *  
 Lerion looked down into Wolf's face. Smiling gently. "So, baby, how does
  the prospect of carrying a Lined mark, look to you?" 
 "I don't care, Father, I accepted you, because it was that or death for
  me. And I did that when I knew I would be Line only by his adoption of you
  when you took me. Was, willing to go on and live, barely more than a Rogue.
  So it doesn't matter to me. But, if you become a Fledgling of his, as I am
  yours, what does that mean for us? Believe me, Davy warned me often enough
  that a newborn can't drink for any but his Sire for the first year or so. How
  am I supposed to live, if you can't feed me, because you are living for him?" 
 "I asked the same question, baby, and he assures me that I can do more than
  just feed you. But that the bond I now share with you will still, with his
  help, be possible." 
 "Okay, if he can do that, then yeah, hell yeah. He is Davy's cousin, by
  blood, so it would, when you brand me, almost be as if I still had something
  of Davy left." 
 Azrael was not paying either Lerion or Wolf any mind, he was busy trying
  to save another. "So, Childe, what say you? Do you wish to live, and go on,
  or should I be ready to release you when you fade?" 
 She looked at him, thinking, for a moment. "But Master, the only Childe
  you have that isn't still locked to your throat, is Topaz, and she is Zephyr's
  wife. I have never had an interest in men. Forest was a woman, as you know.
  No, if it is all the same, I just want to fade to join her." 
 "Rain." Gabriel stepped forward. "I not only have a female pet of my own,
  but you will have cousins plenty to seek companionship from. I won't go where
  I am not wanted, past the first night, after I make you my daughter. Come on,
  little one. Try living again. I happened to have been very close to your mother.
  And, I really don't think she would want you to follow her, if there was another
  option." 
 She looked at him . *You don't understand, Gabriel. I have
        never been with a man, never had the want to. I was fifteen when she
        took, and made me hers. I have spent the last six years with her. No,
        though the offer does your Sire and Grand-Sire up proud, but I don't
        think I can do what I need to do to go on. *  
 *I give you my word Rain, on my life and the life of my First-Born,
        if after I love you, once, in your remaking, you still have no wish for
        a man. I will never touch you again. And I will see to it that no other
        man does either. Come on, girl try. You can't tell me that Forest's belief
        in your, inner strength, was a lie. *   Then he softened
        his touch. *Come on, Childe. Even, if you have never sought
        a man. Surely you must know me well enough by now to know that I would
        never hurt you. She fed from me more than once, and we were together,
        briefly, as lovers. *  
 Could she do it? The question dared cross her mind. She didn't want to think
  of going on without Forest, but if her mother and lifemate would want her to
  go on, did she dare not. *Your word on, your, lifemate. *  
 *Yes Childe, on Hunter's life. *  
 She closed her eyes, as she began to weep. *Yes, *   she
  leaned against him as he gathered her into his arms. *Be my Father.
  *  
 *I will, but, first. Girl, you are starving, and Hunter will
        be in the same boat soon enough. Feed, Rain, let me tend to Hunter, swing
        by the Hall and make sure I am up to strength, and then. Oh yes, sugar,
        I'll be your, Father. *  
 Hunter leaned against Jewel. "Looks like I'm getting a baby sister. Go figure,
  I was an only child in life, and I thought I would be in death, as well. But
  it does seem that, with Rain, I get a sister." 
 Jewel watched quietly as Gabriel supported the other vampire against him
  as she fed. When she had agreed to this, it was all because it was that, or
  jumping off a building. But since coming here, and being thrust into the life
  she was now, due to Gabriel's nature, forced to live. It worried her just a
  bit. Hunter, yeah, she could live with, he was the reason she was saved to
  begin with. But now, another one, and this one a woman. "So, I'm getting a
  mistress too, hu?" 
 "Yeah, don't feel too freaked. It took me a little time too, dealing with
  one of them, that wasn't the opposite sex." He shrugged. "There for the longest
  time, if it wasn't Gabriel, I just couldn't deal." He cocked his head to on
  side and smiled. "I was under the belief, that I had a choice in all of this.
  And he," the love and absolute trust in Hunter's face was so strong. "He let
  me believe that. Even made others let me keep that belief. I know now, I didn't
  have any, real, say in all of it. From the moment I told Cindy, I'd help him
  on. But he let me believe that I did." 
 'If only I could find that kind of love'  . It made
  her a little uncomfortable to sit there. Listening to how much Hunter loved
  him. "Well, it's not like that for me. I knew what I was getting into, and
  that I didn't have, a, say in how my life was anymore, from the moment he came
  out of the air, to stop me from killing myself. I knew and know, I really can't
  say, 'no'  , to any of them." 
 Hunter turned, gently taking her shoulders in his hands. "Jewel," he didn't
  know if he could make her believe him. Maybe, if he had been older and better
  suited to make her see. But he was going to try. "You can't think of it like
  that. Gabriel will never force you, and neither will I. And Rain isn't the
  kind to do it either. Gabriel and Forest were pretty close. And I just don't
  see Rain being that way." 
 She nodded. "Yeah, but the difference between us here is, you really believed
  you had a say. Me I know he is just trying to make it easier for me to accept
  that I don't." 
 *You both are wrong. I would have never forced Hunter, and
        I will never force you. *   Gabriel's mind touched them
        both lightly, before turning his focus on Jewel. *Yes, now
        that I am going to take Rain as my Childe, you will be asked to help
        more. But if you still have problems with it. It's not like it is with
        the other pets here. She won't push you. But trust me, baby, if she comes
        away from me, still not willing to deal with men. I'll let you and she,
        share a bond. I'll let her start feeding you. You know how you are after
        my blood. It will be the same with her. *   His words
        were very precise. He wanted to make her believe that she still had some
        kind of control over her life and what was happening. He didn't know
        what tomorrow would bring, or how she would grow on him. So he didn't
        want to risk any damage to her inner strength. He was counting on her
        to help the wounded Kin to live. And he would not take a chance on damaging
        Jewel's. He silently thanked all the time he had, out of necessity, dominated
        other mortals. He, had, had to so often in the last twenty-five years
        or so, that now. She would never know that she was right, and she really
        didn't have a choice. So, unlike with Hunter, he turned her mind, ever
        so slightly. 
 Gabriel reached for Hunter. "Come here, you. I'm going to take Rain, and
  swing by the Hall, and make sure that I'm covered. Then I'm going to take her
  to our room, and before long, she will be your sister." He brought Hunter's
  head to his throat. 
 *It's okay, Gabriel, I am at peace with the fact that; I didn't
        really have a say. It has nothing to do with anything you would do to
        me, but my own heart. When I told Cindy, there, at the end that I would
        help you. And then the first time you fed from me, I was gone. *  
 Gabriel had thought, after everything that he had been through with Hunter,
  that he couldn't be taken back by his husbands emotions. As he fought tears,
  he realized how wrong he had been. 
CHAPTER 12  
 Harris moaned at the pain. He didn't realize that it would hurt like this
  again. He was dead already, had been so for forty-seven years.  
 *I know Childe. Cameron wasn't near my age or power. It will
        pass, feed Harris. You know what to do for this, feed. *   
 *It burns. *   He protested as he drank. The
  blood was like a hot burning fire in his body. He could feel it burning away
  all that he had been. The tie he still cherished with his old Sire, he felt
  it burn away. Now he understood what he had accepted in his taking what was
  offered. He had lost his Sire, was First-Born, no more. *I'm alone.
  *   His mind cried out in anguish.  
 *No Childe, I am with you. My Brood, as well. For the first
        time, since your Sire died, you are far from alone.   *
        Azrael's fangs sought his flesh. *Come, Childe, let us share
        this. *    
 Harris wept against him, as the fullness of the bond that Azrael was offering
  enveloped him. Nothing had ever been this complete in his life. Even his first
  night when Cameron had given him the Gift. It had not been anything like this.
  He clung to Azrael, shoulders shaking with sobs, as he drank.  
 *Come, children, you both are hungry. *   Azrael
  pulled away, long enough to lick the wound closed, before reaching for Doc's
  wrist.  
 Doc moved to pull close to his Sire, mouth covering his throat.  
 Christian reached for his wrist. He was so hungry. It had taken him all
  the control he had ever mastered to keep from going mad. He had to bite back
  a sob, as the blood filled his mouth. He knew this blood. He was one of his,
  Line, again.  
 With the first swallow, Doc almost screamed. It was like acid in his belly.
  It burned, but it was so good.  
 Azrael, let, Doc's hand go reaching for Loki's throat. He still had to Gift
  Lerion, and he was already starving. He hadn't been this hungry in more years
  than he could recall.  
 * * *  
 Sam looked up at Gabriel, as the vampire pulled away. He was so sore from
  the night before. "Master?" Would he, do more?  
 "Sorry, Sam, but I don't have time to take this to its proper end tonight,
  or at least not right now. As is, I can't feed from you as much as I did last
  night. You haven't been here with us; long enough to recover from the blood
  you lost from my last feeding. I'll stop by another room. I'm going to have
  to start feeding a whole lot more, now that I am going to take more than just
  Hunter as my Childe." He sighed as Sam took the cut wrist that he offered and
  was quick to drink. "Not now, boy, but later, I promise." And Gabriel pulled
  away from him brushing his lips against his, reaching for Rain, to step back
  on the Paths again, seeking yet another feeder on the Hall.  
 'Later'  , Sam trembled. Tears burning his eyes, the
  chain on his wrist rattled as he reached to masturbate, he burned with shame.
  It would happen again, 'later'  .  
 Gabriel wasn't surprised to see Hunter and Jewel in his room, when he finally
  made it there. He knew that the time it had taken him to feed, even though
  he was traveling on the Dark Path, would have given his boy plenty of time
  to bring Jewel and reach his room.  
 Rain stopped. "But, I thought you said." She had said yes to this, but she
  had believed during her first time with him, she was going to be alone.  
 "No, Rain, I meant what I said. But He is my son. Besides, it wouldn't be
  fair for Jewel, who is here to be left alone and ignored." He squeezed her. "You
  have been here long enough to know that just because he is here, doesn't mean
  he is going to join us." He pulled away and began to undress. "If you come
  away from me, and still have no want for men. Jewel is here, and now as my
  Childe, she is as much your pet as she is Hunter's." He reached out and touched
  her cheek. "Come on Rain. It's time for you to try living again." He helped
  her to begin to undress. Making soft sounds of comfort as she trembled. "Really,
  Rain, this is a bit much, don't you think? You might still be a virgin to men,
  but you have watched not only your sisters with them, but also you mother with
  me. It isn't what you are making, it, out to be. Trust me, it is wonderful.
  Even if you decide to forgo men after your time with me, it will still be wonderful,
  even if it is only this once."  
 Rain just laughed softly. "You're right. I don't know why I'm acting like
  this. I mean, I've watched you and Forest before. I know it isn't going to
  be a bad thing." But even though she verbally agreed, she still moved to cover
  her nakedness as the last of her clothes came off. "I guess, it's because I
  was so young when she made me hers. Don't know, but . . ."  
 *Rain listen, to me. You really are worrying about nothing.
        It would be one thing, if you had suffered before Forest made you hers.
        But you hadn't. And as far as I could ever tell, she never mistreated
        you. *   
 She shuddered under his kiss, leaning into the hand that touched her breast.
  She tried not to tremble as Gabriel lifted her into his arms and moved to lie
  on the bed.  
 "Ssshh." Gabriel whispered lifting her chin, kissing along her throat. His
  hands moved over her body, stroking lightly. "Answer me this, baby, do you
  want to keep your name, or break away and truly start over?" More light kisses
  along her throat, and the soft hands.  
 'Forest, Mother, forgive me'  . She would go on. Instinctually
  knowing that if she didn't reach out for this one chance, she would never love
  again. *My mother is dead, let Rain die with her. *   She
  held on to him as he began to drain her. Preparing her for her new life.  
 *Hold on to me, Childe. Hold on to life. *    
 'Goodbye, my love';  she felt the tie, the bond of
  blood and love melt as Gabriel returned her life to her with his blood. 'Sleep
  well, sweety'  .  
 Gabriel reached up with his left hand, as his right continued to stroke
  her, to pull her head to his throat. *Virgo, I name you Virgo.
  Not because of your maidenhood, but because you are renewing yourself, becoming
  new again. *   He lay the naming force on her open soul. Sealing
  it in place. *Virgo, you are Virgo. *   
 *Father; *   she responded to both the remaking
  and renaming.  
 *Come on Virgo. Hide from the pain in this with me. *   He
  closed his eyes as he felt her fangs at his throat. He pulled away, for just
  a moment to kiss the wounds in her flesh, before sinking his fangs back into
  it.  
 The bond was perfect. She clung to him, pressing her body against his as
  they shared their first blood bond as Sire and Childe.  
 Lost in the blood she was sharing with her new Sire, Virgo reached for the
  hand that still stroked her breast, and slowly moved down to her sex, pressing
  it against her.  
 *Hold me sweetheart. Let me hold you. *   For
  someone who had been so worried that she would never respond to a man, his
  girl was doing very well. If only he could bring her to him, now, and like
  this, she would never scorn the touch of a man, or a least one of her brothers,
  again. She felt so good in his arms, her body pressed against his.  
 His skin, as she ran her hands over his shoulders, was so smooth. The muscles
  under it were firm. It didn't matter, if he were a man, here and now, all she
  wanted was to hold him, to love him. He was her new Sire, her father.  
 His arms tightened around her as she responded to his kiss. Blindly and
  almost wantonly she was giving herself to this. *Relax, Virgo,
  Childe. Close you eyes, and relax. *   He kissed her, once more
  before he began to trail his lips over her chin and down her throat. Kissing
  a path to her breasts. Feeling her nipple harder under his tongue as he teased
  it. Hand and fingers caressing and tugging at the other as he nursed from the
  breast under his mouth.  
 Virgo moaned low as her fingers tangled in his hair, as he loved her. And
  yes, it was love. He was her Sire, her father, had made her his Childe, named
  her and loved her. The cold hollow place in her soul was filled again. She
  was, orphan no more. She was his Childe.  
 "Ah," she gasped as she, felt hands parting her legs, then fingers parting
  her lips. To welcome his mouth and tongue. "Please," she just sobbed, holding
  his head to her.  
 *Ssshh, Virgo, relax. *   He slipped fingers
  into her virginal sex, seeking the mark of her maidenhood that still might
  be there. But, the hymen wasn't intact. Virgin she might be, but the mark of
  it had long since been ruptured. 'Good'  , that was one
  less worry he had with his Childe. Without the threat of pain, how ever brief,
  he could see to it that this was not the only time she sought his love.  
 She cried out, softly as she began to melt under him, his hands and fingers
  teasing her, his teeth locked to her clitoris. Tongue flicking fast against
  her core of pleasure. "Oh, yes, please, Gabriel, Father, yes." She cried out
  as her orgasm exploded within her. "Now, please, oh god, now!"  
 That was all the encouragement Gabriel needed. *Yes, now. *   He
  moved up her body, hands reaching to pull her legs up over his hips as he moved
  to slip between them. And as he thrust down, feeling her sweet, hot sex encircle
  him, he bent to offer her again the bond of blood that was between Sire and
  Childe.  
 * * *  
 Wolf watched closely, holding Brandon to him as he watched Lerion accept
  Azrael's offer. "You know something?" He whispered to the man in his arms. "I'm
  going to be one of Davy's blood anyway. Azrael was his cousin, and it's the
  same Line."  
 Brandon looked at him, confused. "Come again."  
 Wolf just shook his head. "It's not important, Brandon. Just thinking out
  loud." He just wasn't in the mood to go into the long speech about how family
  worked within the Kin. He had been happy enough to accept a tie by adoption,
  that now. "Well, seeing as Lerion is busy with Az, and you are here, let's
  kill some time. It won't be much linger before I have to go through another
  spasm. Let's enjoy the time I have till I do.  
 Azrael had already had to pull away after he had made Harris his Childe,
  to feed again. Mark lay curled up with Willow and Casey. He regretted the fact
  that he had to send him back to his little friends, without sharing his love
  with him. But Lerion had needed him more, than his pet did. And as he pulled
  back, smiling down into His Childe's face. *Now, even as I give
  you to my Line, I leave your name, yours. As I did with Harris. Your old bond
  with your Sire is gone, in its place is mine. But your name is still Lerion.
  *   
 Lerion just held him, trembling in his arms. He wanted to protest, to explain
  that, he wanted to be completely reborn in a new life. For Wolf, he wanted
  to be reborn.  
 Azrael bent and kissed him, as Lerion's feelings washed over him. He smiled
  at what he felt. Now, 'this'   was a Sire. Young he might
  be, no more than a Childe, but he was a fine Sire. *Then, for
  my Grand-Childe, I name you Vincent. For Wolf, you are and shall always be
  Vincent. *   The seal on the name was set as Azrael lowered
  his mouth to Vincent's neck. Pulled him close again, holding his head to his
  throat.  
 Vincent, who had been Lerion, but no more, whimpered so low that it was
  near a moan. As he held on, riding out the pain of his rebirth. He had watched
  Harris and knew that his Sire's blood was much more powerful than his first
  Sire's had been. But he never realized how much it would hurt. It was almost
  like he was living through his death spasms again, but this time in one single,
  agonizing, spasm. *Father, *   he hung on as his
  body shook with the pain.  
 *Keep feeding Childe, the pain will pass. *   The
  only Childe he had Sired, in the last over four hundred years that wasn't a
  Mage, had been Topaz. And he just couldn't compare her to anyone. There had
  been no pain, no, long horrifying hours waiting for the spasms to leave her.  
 And again the bond of Sire to Childe helped to ease Vincent through those
  long moments when his body felt like it was being consumed in fire. The blood
  that was burning a painful trail to his stomach, even as it eased the pain
  of the rebirth. Stopped; and now only glowed warmly in his belly.  
 *Now, Childe, come and feed from your Sire, Vincent, as he
        does from me. *   
 Wolf cried against Vincent's throat as Azrael gently took his hand to share
  a three-way bond with the Childe. Vincent was right. His newborn couldn't be
  without the healing of this bond, the love from his Sire. But as Azrael sank
  his fangs into Wolf's artery at his wrist He was able to see to it that Vincent
  did not have to deny his Childe his continued healing.  
 * * *  
 "I have a question for you, Father." Harris lay with Doc and Christian,
  watching as Vincent and Wolf held each other.  
 "Yes, Childe?"  
 "I felt you rename Lerion, what did you name him, and why?"  
 "You are already named after one of the greatest Mages of our kind. And
  I have been training you under that name. I would have had to strip you of
  all power to rename you. Whereas, with your brother, I named him Vincent, to
  help my Grand-Childe, and his First-Born heal. I could do that, neither Kin
  are Magi, there is no loss of power in the doing."  
 "Oh." He hadn't considered that. "It's good to hear the name Vincent in
  this house again. He was a dear friend. My little brother, who took his Chosen
  will do right by the name."  
 Azrael just chuckled as he watched Vincent and Wolf turn and pull Brandon
  into their lovemaking. "Yes, I do believe you are right."  
 "If anything, his capacity for being such hedonistic bastard is reason enough
  for the name." Harris chuckled as he watched his brother, pinned between his
  two. Wolf making love to him, holding him up, as Brandon blew him.  
 "Yes, well, his remaking was more traumatic than yours. Cameron, might have
  been little more than a Childe when he made you, and nothing more than just
  an apprentice, at his death. He was still a Mage, though the comparisons are
  vast, it is still there. Before his rebirth, Vincent had never had any dealings
  with me, or the other gifted in my house. It was much harder on him. I did
  not realize how much it would hurt him." There was such sadness in Azrael's
  tone. "I think I frightened him a bid. So he is naturally going to go and work
  it out. He is Wolf's Sire, and Brandon's master. Yet I frightened him. He is
  reaffirming his dominance."  
 Harris snapped his fingers. "So that is why after so many of the lessons
  that you share with Doc and I. The more stunning and frightening the lesson
  is, the more I want to pin Doc under me and remind him of just who I am to
  him." Harris chuckled. "Oh my, I just remembered, Christian isn't a Mage. My
  poor Childe, he is probably going to be worn out by the time he goes to his
  rest, every morning."  
 Azrael just shook his head laughing, softly. "I would not bet the farm,
  pardon the metaphor, if I were you. Your boy there has been known to exhaust
  his Sire, more than once. And Vincent was much older than you."  
 "So, Father, do I have to be with you, to feed my Brood?"  
 Azrael shook his head, his estimation of the youngster increasing. "No,
  Harris, only to bond. You blood is still the only blood Christian can take
  and live. Yes, the blood in you is not quite the same now, that you are my
  Childe, but it is still your blood."  
 "Thank God." Doc muttered, sitting up by Harris. "No offense, Sire, Grand-Sire.
  But I thought I was going to die there for a second before it all just sort
  of ganged up on me, and I don't remember much after that."  
 Azrael chuckled. "No, Childe, your father can feed you without being locked
  at my throat. But settle your fears. That will not happen again. It only was
  the first time you had drank from him, after he became my Childe. It did not
  do near as much to Christian as it did to you. He is used to my blood, his
  Sire and I, were Blood Kin. Both Sharra and I share the same, Grand-Sire. Sharra
  was Vincent's, sire, his mother. So he and I were cousins." He reached out
  and squeezed Christian's fingers. "Besides, your Childe here, he's been in
  my home much longer than you have. I have chased him around the bed more than
  once. The boy is an absolute treasure."  
 * * *  
 Gabriel lay, his newborn resting against him. The very fact that she hadn't
  pulled away yet, was still willing to lie in his arms, was encouraging. Not
  that he had any, doubts about the powerful connection he now shared with her.
  But it was still encouraging.  
 Virgo lay there, lying over and on Gabriel's chest, her hand absentmindedly
  stroking his skin. *So Virgo, Childe, should I take your willingness
  to lay with me, as a positive sign? *   
 *Yes, Sire, but please, I'm not real sure how I will be with
        any of the others, can I pass for a while, with them? *   
 Gabriel just laughed. "You are doing nothing more than echoing Hunter's
  words from a few years ago. Yes, Virgo, if for now, you don't feel quite up
  to dealing with the other men here. As long as you welcome my Childe, your
  brother, I will see to it that you are given the time you need." He kissed
  her softly, before pulling away to sit up. "Now, that you are settled Childe,
  I think you should try getting to know my girl here."  
 "But, Gabriel, look at her." Virgo protested. "She is almost as hesitant
  about women, as I am about men."  
 "Don't worry about it, Virgo. All you will have to do, for the first few
  times you love her, is feed her first. You know what our blood does."  
 Virgo looked at him, stunned. "You want me to bond her to me, Father? But
  she's yours. I can't do that."  
 "And she will still be mine, no matter which of us feeds her at night." *Trust
        me, Virgo, she will be just fine. *   "Now no more lip.
        Come and meet your new brother and our girl. You never had any siblings.
        So this is a truly new beginning for you."  
 "What did he call you?" Hunter pulled his new sister close.  
 She hugged him. "Virgo," he began to laugh. "Hey now. Be nice."  
 Hunter tried to stop laughing so that he could explain himself, but it really
  was rather hard. "No, honey," he choked. "It's just that." And he began to
  laugh even harder. "I'm a Virgo." He fell back on the bed, arms wrapped around
  his stomach as he held himself laughing.  
 "Oh, okay," and she giggled. "Sorry, I though you were going to do the Virgo
  the Virgin jab."  
 "Nah, I know better than that." He finally got control of himself, though
  he did chuckle every time he thought about it. "Sapphire, back when she was
  still Robyn, before we moved in here, had been a witch, and I read a lot of
  the stuff she had on the new age religion, so I know what Virgo really means.
  And even though I find it a little funny, it is a real fitting name for you.
  Fits you like Hunter is going to fit me, one day soon." He reached down to
  kiss her, stopping just before his lips touched hers. "You're not going to
  get upset with me if I kiss you, are you?"  
 *Go on, Childe, Hunter is your brother. *   Gabriel
  pulled Jewel close as he watched his two Fledglings together.  
 * * *  
 Susan tried to hold on to Topaz as she was trying to get ready to leave. "Come
  on, honey." Topaz tried to sooth her fears. "It's okay. Azrael said he would
  take care of you until Zeph and I bring Darion on our return trip." She glanced
  to where Shadow was holding Thorne, worry in her eyes. "Calm down Susan. You
  have got to quit being so afraid. No one is going to hurt you, honey, hell
  girl, I'd take you with us, but I don't think you could make the trip conscious,
  right now, and Zeph is already going to have his hands full with his two and
  Bryan." This was not working out at all like she had hoped it would. "Susan,
  listen to me." She finally grabbed the girl by the arms in frustration. "We
  talked about this last night. I wasn't sure then. Just, who I could leave you
  with when I was gone, but Azrael told me that he would take care of you. Be
  your master while I am gone. You know him, he's 'my' father."  
 Susan looked down, trying to think. "You, won't let him hurt me, will you
  Mistress. Please, I'll do anything you say, but he." She remembered his hard,
  cold eyes filling her soul.  
 "I think Azrael scared your girl there, baby." Zephyr noted.  
 Topaz nodded. "Yeah, I warned him he was last night. But he had to get through
  to her. It was a real touchy moment there at the time. He figured better, she
  was frightened of him he could deal with that, than of all of us. Gave her
  a single focal point for her fear." *Daddy, *   Topaz
  was worried. Susan wasn't behaving at all like she should.  
 *Yes precious? *   
 *Zeph and I need to go. One too, many, soulmate's here for
        him to stomach. But, Susan isn't going with us, and she is terrified.
        Shad is here, and Thorne is with him. Can you help me? *   
 Silence for a moment. *Susan, child, *   Azrael's
  gently touched her mind.  
 She looked up at Topaz, with a gasp of surprise. "He, he's talking to me,
  in my head."  
 "Now she's gone from frightened to freaked." Zephyr laughed.  
 Topaz hit him. "Yeah, honey, but you know he can do that, he talked that
  way with you last night. * We all can and the nice thing about
  it is when we talk like this, is has to be the truth. Not even as powerful
  as my Father is, can he lie to you like this. *   "Just calm
  down and think back at him. He'll hear you."  
 Susan looked at Topaz, trying to do as she had been told. *Yes,
        *   she tried, shyly.  
 *Calm yourself child. I have promised you once already that
        I would help your mistress to see to you. I do not do that by harming
        you the first moment my Childe's back is turned. Remember what I warned
        you of fear, and still yours. You are in no danger, you will never, as
        long as you are here, in my keep, and obey us, ever be in danger. *  Then
        to Topaz, *I am not ready to pull away from my new Son's.
        So, before you go, bring your girl to me. It will give me a chance to
        hug you goodbye for a while. *   And the link was broke.  
 Topaz sighed, relieved. "Come on guys, I got to make a stop by Azrael's
  room to drop Susan off and hug him goodbye. Then, we're outta here."  
 "Make sure you let me know how my two new uncles are, honey." Shadow looked
  up from where he had Thorne leaning against him, feeding, suffering through
  another death spasm. "I'd check myself, but as you can see, I'm a little too
  busy." *Besides, I don't want to freak either Max or Greg out
  anymore than they are already. And in the condition Az is probably in right
  now, that would be the thing to do it. *   
 *You just don't want him to decide that those two boys of yours
        look good enough to eat. What is it about you? Bad enough you're pretty
        enough to make most girls jealous, but Thorne as well, and you two, what
        is it with you and pretty little boys? *   
 *Lived with too much ugliness around me after our folks died
        squirt. I like keeping nice looking things around me, blame Megel. He
        started me off on this path. *   
 *Why bother, all he would do is laugh at me and tell me to
        blame Azrael. *   
 Shadow laughed out loud. *There are definite advantages to
        being Kin. *   
 * * *  
 Crystal cried out, sitting up. "Shit, now is not the time." She threw herself
  on Azrael. "Time to get up, he's coming."  
 "Who?" Azrael was on guard at once. His Childe, his soul, was frightened.  
 "Tristen, the Renegade that blew up your house, he's coming." She was near
  frantic. "Now Azrael. We have to get up now, you have to be ready for him,
  he's mad. There are too many here that he could hurt." She cried out. "Oh,
  damn, he's here."  
 The cold of the Paths struck Topaz before she could move from where she
  had been bantering with Shadow. "What?" She faced the stranger as he stepping
  into the room before her.  
 "You're alive." He hissed. "Damn you." He lashed at her.  
 To be struck back by Zephyr who went at once to defend his wife. *Father!
        *   He cried out as the older vampire knocked him back,
        reaching for Topaz.  
 "You should be dead." Fingers tightened around her throat. "I sent enough
  explosives to blow a hole three times the size of your house."  
 *Daddy! *   Topaz struggled against the hand
  that held her.  
 The room exploded is chaos. *Megel! *   Shadow
  going to protect her, Zephyr getting back to his feet to go at the monster
  that was strangling his woman. Mark pulled away from Willow, Brandon from Melanie
  as well, going to help their masters, protect Topaz. Thorne trying not to lose
  his control as the scent of fear filled the room, as Topaz and Zephyr's four
  as well as Max and Greg cried out in panic.  
 "Let my Childe go, Renegade." Azrael stood there, the chill of the Paths
  still hanging in the air around him, but not even the cold of the Dark Paths
  could compare to the look in his eyes. This was the animal that had killed
  so many. Who had left so many with soul wounds that he was still trying to
  see cared for. "Your war is with me, leave the infant out of it."  
 The intruding, self-confessed Renegade looked up, dropping Topaz, at the
  sound of Azrael's voice. "No, you can't still be alive." Then he looked around
  at all the remaining Kin in the room. "No, they're can't be this many of you
  still alive." Then back to Azrael. "What kind of sorcerers trick is this?"  
 Azrael couldn't believe his ears. This mad thing, he was blaming him for
  living. Was actually angry that more had not died. "Sorcerers tricks? You actually
  sought not just to strike back at me for my help with seeing to Titania's justice,
  but to see my Line ended? There were innocents here. There were Kin here that
  had no part in your hate of me. You killed so many, and you are angry that
  you did not kill more. Vincent is dead, my Grand-Childe as well, most of the
  Rogues that were living with me. And all but a handful of our pets." Azrael
  trembled with rage.  
 Loki touched his arm. *Beloved, *   trying to
  offer his husband. His, help.  
 The Renegade laughed. "I see your deception Azrael. I know he is dead. So
  maybe it worked out better that you did not die. It serves you right. And to
  think, you are going to spend the rest of your life, living with the shame
  of your cowardliness. You won't follow him into death, so you hide behind his
  memory."  
 *Beloved, don't. * Loki's hand tightened on his arm, as Azrael
        prepared to attack the animal. *Let me. *   
 Shadow stood there, a burning rage in his chest. "Cain was my Sire's First-Made.
  I am his First-Born. You thought you had killed me, and you were glad that
  you had killed Megel's First-Born?" *Father, *   Shadow
  reached out to his Sire.  
 * Calmly, Shadow. I am here. Trust me Childe, if Azrael doesn't
        challenge him, I will. And on the ridiculously slim chance that, that,
        thing wins, then I 'will' challenge him again. *   
 Loki stepped away from Azrael, just a single step towards the Renegade. "You
  are right, I did die. And no, my beloved could not follow me. Not out of any
  cowardliness. He had two infants to care for. My Childe and his." Another step,
  moving closer to the murderer. "I was sent back, without him, I have no place
  there." His hand lifted, reaching for the other's throat. "It is to me, you
  have taken the most from. You killed me. I call challenge." And his fingers
  wrapped around his throat and tightened with crushing strength.  
 *Is Loki going to be able to do this? *   Cerberus
  held Zephyr close. He had come almost as quickly as Azrael and Megel. This
  thing had tried to kill his Childe's lifemate. If Loki couldn't do what needed
  to be done. He would.  
 *Oh, yeah, cousin. My Father is fully capable. *   Megel's
  satisfied mind touched his. *Of all the non-Mages here, he is
  the strongest. Torin with Thorne and Osiris's help repaired the damage to his
  mind. He has power to spare. *   
 *Damn. *   Cerberus just watched on too stunned
  to be impressed.  
 "You killed me, you killed my Grand-Childe, and so many others here." Loki
  threw him back, against the wall. "I'm going to kill you first, and then I
  will release your soul so that My Kin can see you pay for eternity." Loki,
  who was always the most gentle of men, raged. All vestiges of humanity left
  his face as his fangs come down. "I'm going to kill you." And Loki attacked.  
 Azrael stood, there, shocked, as the two fought. This wasn't his love. Loki
  had never, not in all the time that they had been together, been like this.  
 *Beware the fury of a patient man. *   Cerberus
  agreed with Azrael, this wasn't like Loki at all.  
 There was almost no flash of cold as suddenly there was another in the room.
  One moment, Loki was beginning to rip the Renegade apart, the next, he stumbled
  against Azrael. The Renegade was slammed back against the wall, screaming.
  Blood pouring from every orifice. *Die. *   The,
  cold, command.  
 The room was silent. All were watching this creature that stood before them.
  He wasn't a tall form. Standing no more than a little over four and a half
  feet tall. His black hair was long, and dull. His features were such a study
  in contradictions. In one way, almost graceful, bur in another, the body, he
  rested there in a squat. Arms just a tad too long, shoulders wider than what
  would have looked normal. Legs, that though they were short, were powerful.
  Ears that pulled to a slender point, and his face, with the heavy bow and square,
  almost brutish, jaw. He wasn't ugly. In his own way, he was quite beautiful.
  But it was the eyes that drew the most attention. They were green. Solid, green
  no irises, no pupils, just green. A, green, that seemed to glow softly, with
  power.  
 And the power of them, it was oppressive. It forced the Kin is the room
  to their knees . *No, don't. *   He held out a
  hand to Topaz who huddled before him.  
 Topaz looked at the hand, then at the strange looking creature that offered
  it. Whimpering, she backed away. *Sire, *   she
  looked pleadingly at Azrael, but her father was struggling himself, with the
  power that now overwhelmed him. "Who are you." He got out through gritted teeth.  
 *Don't, please. *   He held up his hands. *Peace,
        no, threat. I am no threat to you. *   He closed his eyes,
        struggling for control, and the power lessened. *Peace.
        *   His eyes opened again, but this time, the power of
        them didn't weigh on others with such crushing force.  
 Azrael struggled to his feet, as all around him, several others did as well. "Who
  are you?" 'What are you'? He wanted to ask.  
 *Drax, my birth name, is in a language that you would not understand,
        but to my mother's people, I am Drax. *    
 'Drax, his mother's people'  , Azrael looked at him,
  not sure exactly what to say.  
 *As to what I am, I am the parent of your Line. I have followed
        its progress, from my first to the young in this room. *   
 "Then that would mean you are . . ." Azrael began.  
 *The eldest of the first three, *   Drax finished
  for him. Smiling to display long and viscous looking fangs. *There
  are only three complete, Lines. I am the father or yours. I started it with
  my First-Born, and it has grown ever since. *   
 Azrael went to his knee again, Megel, Shadow, Gabriel and Cerberus following. "Elder,
  Sire," he whisper, as he hung his head. This, ancient Kin, he was the eldest
  of the original three, was the first of their kind.  
 *Don't *. There was despair in his thoughts. *Please, I cannot.
        Long have I been away from so many. Please, Mageling, don't. *   He
        looked back to where Topaz huddled against Zephyr and Cerberus. *I
        am no threat to you, any of you. You are my Children. *   
 Azrael and Loki helped Crystal and Selene up. "What is it you desire, Elder?"  
 *Nothing, now that I know my younger brother's soul is well
        and within my Line. I have waited for so many centuries for Kiv's soul
        to be known to me. *   He looked to Azrael. *With
        the coming of your soulbonded, Kiv has returned. I can rest now. *   
 "Kiv?" Crystal whispered to Loki.  
 *Yes, Seer, the soul you share with your Sire is that of my
        brother. I am the eldest and last. Ryllin faded first. I know where my
        brother is. But Kiv, he was never released. His soul, it traveled on,
        to be reborn. I waited for him. And now, he has returned. I can finally
        join Grel, after so long, I will be with my love, my lifemate, and the
        first, of my Children. *   
 "The woman on which you learned of our Gift." Azrael felt both wonder, and
  intense gratitude at how great the honor that the Creator of their race's presence
  was.  
 Though Azrael knew that he was no more than an infant to this ancient. He
  could empathize with the pain of having to spend millennia without the keeper
  of his heart. He had come so close to having to live that horrid pain. Not
  even the finding of the other part of his soul would have ever fully eased
  it.  
 *I am tired. I have watched over my children for more than
        a hundred and fifty thousand years. I am tired. I only stayed on, waiting
        for my younger brother's return. Planning, if they were not one of my
        people already, I would see to it. But now, I can sleep. I only need
        to be released so that I can finally, be with her. I am tired of being
        with her, but not. Release me, and place my body with the rest of the
        sleepers in your keep. *   
 "Why doesn't he just talk?" Shadow rubbed her temples. The power in the
  ancient's mind was painful.  
 *You would not understand me if I did. My language is very
        different from yours. But here, you can understand my thoughts and meanings.
        *   There was an almost apologetic tone to the words. *And
        here, you know the truth. *   
 "But, won't you at least tell us a little about what we are?" Crystal was
  on fire. She had not seen his coming. He was outside the loop. Oh, she had
  seen the Renegades death, but she had thought it was going to be Loki that
  killed him.  
 *I am tired, Seer, I seek my death. You will know all that
        I am, soon enough. I have come here to have your Sire release me. With
        your coming, Kiv's soul is whole again. He will be strong enough to help
        me to seek my woman. With the, taking, of my blood, my history will be
        known to him, and as the rest feed from him, they will know it as well.
        *   
 Azrael stood there lost for words. This most immortal of all his kind was
  going to have him release him so that he could seek the Shadow Realm. He wanted
  him to do this. Azrael just couldn't come to terms with the enormous honor
  that Drax was placing on him.  
 *You are the eldest Mage of my Line that still lives. There
        are a few of my Line that are older then you, but none that are Magi.
        The soul of my brother is within you. So who better for me to, turn to,
        to ask rest? *   Drax rose to move to where Azrael stood. *Come
        Childe, I have done my duty to my Children, I leave my burden on your
        shoulders now. Watch over my Children, even as you guard your own. *   And
        he faded.  
 Azrael caught Drax's body as it fell. * I release you, go,
        seek your Childe, Father of us all. *   Azrael's body
        jerked violently with the first taste of Drax's blood. He could do little
        more than sob in pain as he drank, releasing the eldest of his kind.  
CHAPTER 13 
 Azrael fell back. *Safe, sleep, Father. *   He
  knew that Drax's soul had been released. The rest, it was just, so, much that
  he could do little more than struggle to control himself. 
 *Azrael, *   Megel knelt by where Azrael lay. *Are
        you, okay Father? *  
 *I am drowning in fire. *   Azrael cried out
  warring with himself for control. He had to get control over the blood, or
  it would control him. *Help me. *  
 Megel gathered him to his chest, bending to offer relief in his feeding. 
 *Gabriel, Shadow, come, *   Azrael had not been
  this drunk on blood ever, not even on the night he released Set. *Cerberus,
  call your Brood, help me, I am drowning. *  
 Megel pulled away, reaching for his mate. *Come, baby, feed.
        *  
 His shirt tore as mouths and fangs took him. But even after so many had
  fed, and those who were Sire's to newborns, returned for a second feasting,
  it still felt like he was drowning in a sea of fire. 
 *The pain will pass my son. *   Osiris's soothing
  thoughts touched Azrael. 
 Azrael's eyes snapped open. *Father. *   He
  pushed the feeding Children from him, *but, how? *  
 'Osiris' his Sire, the man, that had, so many thousands of years ago, given
  him his Gift. He stood there, was no apparition, he stood there, real and solid. 
 *My much times great Grand-Sire, Drax. He is the oldest of
        us, the strongest. It is his power that I am using to be here with you
        for the time I remain. *   He pulled his eldest Childe,
        his First-Born against his chest. "Hold on, Azrael, that pain will pass." His
        own fangs pierced the flesh of Azrael's throat. *I have
        missed you Childe. Your Brood, they miss you as well. *  
 *The pain I felt at your death, I feel still. Each of my son's,
        I still bleed for them. *   Azrael held his Sire as the
        man drank. Praying to the fates that the pain would, indeed, pass. 
 *Come, have the infants feed from you as well, Drax was the
        strongest of our kind, he could have fed well over fifty of us, and still
        would have been able to walk away. Hurry Childe. I will help with your
        control, but not even I can hold on to it for long. *  
 *But, Father. They are infants, my blood. It would kill them.
        They are newborns. *  
 *No, there is no taint. With the taking of his blood, it has
        burned all impurities from you. You alone can feed any. He has passed
        his charge of guardianship to you. *   
 "Go on, Torin, help your Grand-Sire in his plight to help his Childe." Megel
  pushed Torin forward. 
 *Oh, damn, *   Torin cried out to Megel at the
  first taste of Azrael's blood . *Oh damn, oh damn. *  
 "You too, baby. Azrael is in a real bad way right now." Shadow let Thorne
  go to feed from Azrael as well. 
 *Well, don't just stand there Hunter, you either Virgo. Go
        on and help him. *   The blood he had taken from his Grand-Sire,
        it gave him a dizzy lightheaded feeling, like he had drunk too much wine.
        Yes, it burned within him, but the burn was soothing as well as warming. 
 "You had best call in the rest of your Covenstead Cerberus. If what my Grand-Sire
  said is true, There should be enough for almost all of those in your keep." Megel
  lay a hand on Cerberus's shoulder. "As is, I don't think I'm going to have
  to feed out of hunger for the next few months." 
 Cerberus reached out, *Titania, come on girl, bring any that
        are in my house, Azrael needs our help, like he did back when he killed
        Set. *  
 *Vampire, take out, again hu? *   Her mental
  laughter touched him. *So who did he kill this time? *  
 *Just, come on girl. You will understand soon enough. *  
 Again, Azrael was trapped in a sea of heat, lust, and hunger as more and
  more fed. Megel stood with Osiris, watching protectively. 
 Finally the pain passed. And Azrael was able to pull himself from the feeding
  Kin. "Enough, children. I have bled enough." He felt an inner calm. One that
  he hadn't felt since his Sire had died. 
 "Damn, old man." Cerberus looked around at all the Kin that had fed from
  him. "Just how much blood did our prodigenator have in him?" 
 "A vast amount, nephew." Azrael leaned against Osiris, Crystal and Loki
  with him. 
 "I always knew the jest of our beginnings. Megel and Azrael, had explained
  it to me more than once, but I never realized just what that meant, before
  now." Shadow felt bloated. He didn't think he'd feed for days. If he got hungry
  in the next week, or more, he would be amazed. 
 "So, Sire, Father, how long will I be allowed with you?" Azrael had lost
  his Sire, once. He did not look forward to having to walk away from him again. 
 "When we go to place him with all those you have brought to me over the
  years. Then I will seek my rest again." Osiris touched his cheek. "But not
  until then. I want to see Isis. I would seek both your younger brother's and
  sister, but it will be hard enough to leave you and my sister again." 
 "Then you will be with me, for close to half a year. I could feed each Childe
  every night in that time, and still not be drained enough to release you before
  then." 
 Osiris shook his head. "No, Azrael. This body does not hold my soul. I was
  released. So I can leave it again, at any time. Regardless of the blood in
  it, but I will not leave you again for a few nights. Drax owes you much, my
  son. And I will see to it that he rewards you for your assistance." 
 *He owes me nothing, Osiris. It was his power that enabled
        you and Thorne to give my son the power to heal and return my husband.
        Nothing I could ever do for him will ever compare to what he has given
        me. *  
 "And what are we supposed to do about that thing?" Megel pointed to the
  lifeless body against the wall, its blood pooled around it. 
 "Feed it to the things on the Dark Paths. Tristen's soul has been released
  to us. There is no need for the body. 
 "I'll deal with it, Master." Titania offered. "I can't touch Magnus, but
  that one, I'll deal with." 
 "He didn't know," Crystal's quiet voice. 
 "Who didn't know?" Titania looked at her. 
 "Magnus. He didn't know what that thing was planning. That is how he knew
  so much, Magnus got in his shit, big time. I have a feeling that he will grow
  up right this time. I'm pretty sure that if Sharra turned her back on him for
  just a sec. He would have tracked Tristen down and killed him, himself, to
  avenge his brother's death." 
 "How do you know? And who are you anyway?" 
 "She is my Childe, Titania, and my soulbonded." Azrael spoke softly. 
 "The girl that drove me into running home to get away from her projective
  empathy." Cerberus offered as a further explanation. 
 "Oh." She looked Crystal over again. "Okay, now I know who you are, and
  what can I say, I'm impressed. But that still doesn't tell me how you know
  of Magnus's innocents." 
 "Uh, Titania." Hunter cleared his throat. "Her knowing what was going to
  happen, was what got her here to begin with. She's Azrael's soulmate has been
  living with everything he did and knew for the last six years. So trust me,
  if she says that Magnus didn't know, then, dick or not, he didn't know." 
 "I just, got, to get her other books." Torin muttered to Megel. 
 "Well, Azrael, Grand-Sire, I think it is probably for the best, if I took
  all of those from my home and went to it." 
 "Horus is disgustingly pleased with himself in his making of you, Childe.
  For one so young, you have done well for yourself." Osiris reached out to his
  Grand-Childe. "I would have insisted that my son come with me, to greet your
  himself. But alas, of my six, he and my youngest were not Magi." 
 "Will you," Cerberus felt his arms go around him. "Give him my love, when
  you return, Grand-Sire?" 
 "Of course. But Childe he knows of it already. He has watched over you even
  from where he is now." Osiris pulled Cerberus's head to his throat as he sank
  his fangs into his. 
 And as the first, swallow, of Osiris blood flowed into Cerberus, he felt
  his Sire's love and pride. That had always been his one concern. If his Sire
  would have approved of how he had chose to live. But that worry died as the
  feeling of his Sire's love and pride filled him. Horus had known and was proud
  of him and his Brood and Covenstead. 
 *Before I leave, come and be with me, Childe. Horus would never
        let me rest if I was here, and did not share my love with you. You are
        my Grand-Childe. *  
 Gabriel stood watching as Osiris welcomed his Grand-Childe. Worrying about
  what Thorne thought of him. His past was nothing to be overly proud of. For
  near two hundred years, he had lived as little more than an animal. Then Martin,
  Cindy, and finally Hunter, and the fact that he loved Hunter more than he had
  loved any other, even, his Sire cut at him. 
 Osiris pulled back from Cerberus kissing the Childe. "Soon, Childe, I am
  not allowed to stay in this world for long, so it must be soon." He watched,
  smiling as Cerberus gathered all of those that were still left of his home
  and slipped back on the Paths, taking not only his Childe and his lifemate
  with him, but their three pets as well, much to the very vocal protests from
  Topaz. 
 Osiris looked up to where Gabriel stood, holding Hunter and Virgo. "You're
  Sire has gotten almost as bad as Horus in the years since you found your Grand-Sire,
  and were reunited with your Blood." *He does not begrudge you
  the love you feel for your Childe. How could he? Though it will not happen
  for some time. Your Childe is your mate. A soulbonded, lifemate. You are no
  Renegade; you were never a, true, Rogue. So only a soulbonded mate can ever
  be loved more than you love your Sire. But you are a Mage, Childe, as he is.
  He always knew that if you ever found your mate, that you would love him more.
  *  
 *But, Osiris, how can that be? The bonding of soul to soul
        is not supposed to be happening like it is now. *  
 *Neither is the overwhelming number of lifemate's that are
        now finding each other. But due to the loss of so many Rogue Kin, those
        that were Kin for only a few number of years, who were not released.
        They are returning to us. Though it is by far, no guarantee, that any
        Childe that will be made, has been Kin before, but there are more and
        more of them that are appearing. *  
 Gabriel almost asked him how he knew this, but stopped. His great Grand-Sire
  was dead, and yet here he stood. At this point, Gabriel would believe almost
  anything. *Hunter, my lifemate, he is going to share a soul with
  me? *   He had lived through so many tragedy's and triumphs
  in his short life, that even as wondrous as the knowledge was, he really couldn't
  see the full splendor of it. All he could do was accept it, and try to go on.
  Or perhaps the near blind acceptance was his minds way of holding sanity. 
 Osiris bent and lifted Gabriel into his arms, moving slowly to the bed by
  the far wall. Thorne had been this Childe's Sire, his Grand-Childe's First-Born.
  He had taken part in creating his nature. So he was not surprised in the least,
  as the younger Kin responded to him. 
 *Come, children, join us. *   Osiris began to
  slowly, undress Gabriel, not pausing as he summoned Hunter and Virgo. He could
  only remain with his Children for such a short time. Five nights, and no more.
  But while he was here, he would see that they all know him, and his love for
  them. From his Childe's youngest to the shyest of his many, great and great,
  Great Grandchildren here. He would spend his time, while here, with his children.
  So that when he left again, they would know just how much he loved them all. 
 "Training is off for a while, children." Azrael looked to his young Mageling's. "While
  my Sire remains with me. There will be no more lessons." 
 "Not unless you are planning on beginning our instruction in sex magic." Harris
  tightened his arms around Doc. "Because as bad as you are, he is your Sire.
  He's got to be worse." 
 Azrael watched silently, for a moment, as Osiris bent Gabriel to him. "You
  do know, Childe, that you have a peculiar way of taking the most beautiful
  of things and reducing it to basic lust." 
 "I am a simple man, Sire. The varying degrees of it all, it sort of gets
  lost on me. But I don't see it as basic lust. Just a very simple way of sharing
  our feelings. Cameron might have been young, and his power not even holding
  a candle to yours, but he did teach me that. He loved me, and saw to it, that
  I never doubted it." 
 *And your devotion to your Brood, is ever a tribute of your
        learning of that lesson. *  
 "Come here, Jewel." Shadow reached out for her. "Gabriel and Hunter are
  a little busy right now, but you shouldn't have to just sit and be left in
  the cold." He pulled her slowly to where Thorne sat with Max and Greg. "Yeah,
  I know you don't know me real good yet, but Megel, is Gabriel's uncle. His
  Sire's brother, that makes us cousins, and I promise you, I am not about to
  risk hurting my cousin's pet. First, that's just something, I wouldn't do,
  and second, because, if Megel didn't chew me up and spit me out, Gabriel would." 
 Jewel just looked at him, numbly. So much had happened to her in the last
  few days. She went from trying to kill herself, because she was dying of AIDS,
  to being with Gabriel and Hunter, now she had Virgo to consider as well, and
  to top it all off, she was now beginning to feel like she was trapped in someone's
  wet dream. "Wow," she whispered. "Truth really is stranger than fiction." 
 Shadow and Thorne laughed at her. "Shocks the hell out of you, don't it?" Shadow
  hugged her tight. 
 "You have no idea. First Gabriel, then Hunter, and then Virgo, and now.
  I can't believe this isn't some really wild acid trip." She moaned at the taste
  of Shadows blood as he pressed a bloody wrist to her mouth. 
 *Do like I'm doing, baby. Don't worry about trying to work
        it all out in your head, just accept it. It's a whole hell of a lot easier
        that way. I happen to disagree with, only, one thing with my Sire, there
        really, is, such a thing as 'too much info'. *  
 *Yeah, *   she leaned back against Shadow as
  she began to open to him, as his mouth drew a response from hers. She knew
  what this guy wanted, but what the hell, everyone seemed to be fucking everyone
  here tonight. At least he was a guy. Virgo still bothered her a little. 
 "Tell you what, Jewel. The bed is taken, and my room is off limits for now,
  Megel and Torin have closed themselves up with, their, two. So why don't we
  go to Gabriel's room, it's, not like he's using it." Shadow looked up at Thorne
  and the boys. "Come on you guys, let's take her somewhere, and make like bunnies." Max
  and Greg were probably going to be as iffy about women as Thorne had been originally.
  But, he was pretty sure that he could get them to try with her. It had only
  taken Megel once or twice to get Thorne to be more versatile. And true, Lilith
  and Topaz had been willing to help with him, but now, with as much blood of
  the ancients he had in him. It shouldn't present any problem. He would only
  have to do with them like he had done with Jewel and bond with them for this.
  After that, if they were anywhere near alive, they should forget that she's
  a woman, and only care about the bond. 
 * * * 
 Megel held Sarah close as they watched Torin with Randy. His boy had known
  this mortal. Had shared, fleeting though it had been, his bedtime with him. "Looks
  like, for a while anyway, that I'll be keeping you company. It's going to take
  a little time for the two of them to look past the fact that you are a woman,
  to see the pleasure to be had in your arms." He kissed her shoulder lightly,
  trembling at the feelings he now shared with Torin, as Randy went to make love
  to him. How was he supposed to think with what Torin was doing? He turned her
  around in his arms, to press her back against the bed. *I am far from hungry,
  precious, but I don't have to feed to make love to you. * It was either take
  this girl, or go mad. Torin, his soul, was lost in pleasure, and was dragging
  him with it. 
 * * * 
 Wolf held Vincent still lost in the wonder of his Sire's new Name. Azrael
  had done this for him; he knew that. Some how, his Grand-Sire had known what
  would help them both, the most. 
 'I'm going crazy'. He thought, trying to gather himself. He had to get back
  on top of things. He was Vincent's Childe, his First-Born. He couldn't fall
  apart on him now. But all he wanted to do was hide. There was so much happening
  now. And all he wanted to do was crawl into his Sire's arms and pretend that
  it was like it used to be. But it would never go back to the calm that he had
  come to expect here. David was dead. His Sire had given himself and his life
  to his Grand-Sire, for him. It was a heavy load to carry. He had never asked
  for anything, save to be David's Childe. He hadn't had to worry about anything.
  But now, now it was all so messed up. He was alive, because of Vincent, who
  had agreed to be his Sire, when he wasn't allowed to fade to join Derrick.
  And that worried Wolf. How was he supposed to help his new Sire? He knew that
  sooner or later the shock of all that had happened in their house. Would begin
  to wear off, and his Sire would begin to miss his husband again. He was his
  Childe, and he didn't know what to do, when that happened. How could he come
  up with something to say when his Sire finally began to hurt again? Could,
  being, his Childe, be enough to ease the pain? Wolf didn't know, but he swore,
  as he held Vincent, that he would make it be enough, he would make him be happy.
  He had to. If he didn't, then Vincent might very well begin to hurt again.
  And Wolf couldn't deal with anymore pain. 
 "Ssshh, it's, okay baby. Derrick is waiting for me. I know that. I won't
  just abandon you Wolf. You are my Childe, my son. You are my First-Born, and
  I love you." Vincent tightened the hold he had on Wolf as his Fledgling trembled
  in his arms. "I will never regret taking you, you are everything I could have
  wanted in a Childe. I love you; please believe that." 
 Wolf didn't think. He, just, reacted . *I do, Father. *   His
  fangs sank into Vincent's throat, pulling his to his own. 
 Vincent realized his mistake, as he swallowed Wolf's blood. *Azrael!
        *   His mind screamed as he pulled away from Wolf, doubling
        over. 
 *Father! *   Wolf tried to pull Vincent back
  to him. 
 Azrael pushed Wolf away. *Let me see. *   Azrael
  was there. Pulling him close. *Look at me. *   Azrael
  just had to know how sick his Childe was. He should have been prepared for
  something like this with this Childe. Wolf was so, passionate, in his desires. 
 It didn't make any sense. Azrael couldn't believe what he was seeing. Vincent,
  his Childe, was now able to stand-alone. *How much of Wolf's blood
  did you drink? *  
 *A swallow, no more, *   Vincent trembled against him. *Please,
        Azrael, Sire, don't let me die. Wolf can't stand-alone. *  
 *A Full swallow? Or just part of one? *   Azrael's
  thoughts were hard. 
 *I don't know. *   Vincent's mind screamed at
  him. 
 *Ssshh, it is a good thing, Childe. When you fed from me after
        I released Drax. The blood, it must have been powerful enough to end
        your dependency of me for your continued life. The pain you are feeling,
        is nothing to be frightened of. It happens with some of us. The first
        time we drink from one other than our Sire. Give it a few moments Childe,
        the pain will pass. *   It was not unknown for a new,
        vampire, to suffer like his Childe was now. But none of his other Son's
        had. And Topaz was without comparison. Was it now, after his son had
        come away from him, the blood had burned away most of the residual mortality
        from him and through him Wolf? Or was it simply, an infrequent but all
        too real, ailment. Was it the shock of the first, or the beginnings of
        a problem that sometimes, mostly in Rogue Kin, that would have him suffer
        through any feedings other than from his Sire for the next few months? *Be
        with me, Vincent. *   He pressed Vincent's face and mouth
        against his throat as he drank. 
 Wolf watched on, terrified, as Azrael slowly eased Vincent to the floor,
  holding his Childe to him as he did so. ' Oh, god, he's sick'  .
  He wanted to help him, but didn't know how. ' He's sick, maybe dying,
  and it's my fault'  . What would he do, if Vincent died? He didn't
  care what happened to him, but what would happen if his Sire died. Would Azrael,
  finally release him, so that he could seek Derrick? Or would he lose his only
  chance to see his husband again. And if that happened, it was all, his fault.
  So he stood there holding Brandon as he watched Azrael with Vincent. "I'm sorry,
  please, don't die, I'm, so, sorry." 
 Vincent was torn, between the peace that Azrael was offering him, and the
  pain in his Childe's voice. His Childe was afraid, that was all he could think
  of as he tried to push Azrael away. Pain forgotten, nothing mattered other
  than ending Wolf's fear. 
 *No, Childe let your boy come and hold you with me. But you
        will not pull away. *   Azrael's, soothing, touch. *After
        all, how often does a Sire have a chance to celebrate his Childe's first
        feeding from another but him? *  
 *It's not your fault, baby, and Derrick is just going to have
        to wait for me. Come here, and share this with me. *   He
        wouldn't pull away from Azrael, but Wolf needed him. *I'm
        not dying, never that honey. All that is happening is that, now, I can
        share a bond with you without my Sire's help. *   
 Wolf filled his arms, fangs biting. Sobbing against his throat. *You're
        okay, really? *  
 *Yeah, really, baby. *   Vincent lifted his
  head again to seek Azrael's throat. Holding his wrist up to him. 
 'It is just the shock'. Azrael felt himself beginning to give into the joy
  as the bond he shared with Vincent, was renewed. And with that relief came
  the knowledge that none of the newborns in his home would have to depend on
  their sire's for their continued life. 
 From his taking of Drax's blood, as he released the ancient one. His Line
  had been returned to the power and purity of their Forefathers. It gave his
  such joy to know that it would be many generations of Fledglings before any
  of his Blood would have to suffer as his Brood, and all the new children that
  lived, had. And the knowledge of how many of the Rogue's that were in his nephews
  Covenstead that had taken from him, and would pass on that strength to others
  in their world. He sobbed against the wrist under his mouth as he reached and
  forced his way into his Childe. Instinctively knowing that as far into the
  bond as the boy was, he would feel nothing but the pleasure. 
 * * * 
 Virgo lay, pressed against Gabriel, shy around Osiris. She had so many questions
  to ask the Elder, but she had no way to start. 
 "You stare at me so. What is it, Childe?" Osiris smiled at her, reaching
  out to stroke her cheek. 
 She pulled back against Gabriel. "Nothing, Elder, I didn't mean any offense." 
 "Virgo." Gabriel fussed, trying to break her hold on him. "Osiris is your
  great, Grand-Sire. You are one of his many Blood Kin here." Gabriel looked
  up to his great Grand-Sire. "I'm sorry Osiris, but it would seem that my Childe
  is still a little shy around men, other than Hunter and I." 
 "It is okay, Gabriel. Her first Sire was a woman after all. I know well
  enough how most of our sisters that take a woman as their first Childe are." Then
  to Virgo, "cease your worries, Childe. Your lifemate still not only loves you,
  but also is very proud of you. You have chosen to live again. Forest had been
  worried that you would fade. She is like many of the Sire's that have gone
  on and were released to the Realm of Shadows. She is watching over you. Knew
  of the choice you were given, and your choice to accept it and love again.
  Come, and hear it from here own thoughts. You are no longer forced to depend
  on your Sire for life. With the Blood you took from my Childe. You are full
  Kin again." *Come, Childe. Share your first Sire's and lifemates
  love with me. *   He opened up to Virgo, using not only his
  power, but all that was offered to him from Drax's vast store to pull Forest
  into his bond with her old Childe. 
 It wasn't hard, Forest had been Rogue, but she was also orphaned Line to
  him. That was why, when her Childe had released her soul, at her death, she
  had come to his part of the Shadow Realm. There were only three distinct Realms.
  Forever connected, but separate. 
 *Mother! *   Virgo cried out with the first
  touch of Osiris's blood, and she could feel Forest again. *I'm
  sorry, Sweety, please, I'm sorry. *   She had let her connection
  with her Sire die when she had taken Gabriel's offered to live. Never knowing
  that she would ever have to try to explain why, before her meeting with her
  wife, many years from now. 
 And like he had done with Gabriel, Osiris lent his power to Forest to allow
  the Fledgling Sire to reach her Childe. *Rain! *   Forest
  fussed, laughing. *Or Virgo as it is now. What are you sorry for?
  Do you really think I am that insecure? You are my Childe, my First-Born and
  wife. No, honey; go on, live. Gabriel will just have to come to terms that
  he and I are going to share more than a moment of love with each other, now.
  I won't ever really leave you. Go on and live girl. *  Then
  her voice became soft. *I love you, I love Gabriel, of all those
  that could have offered you this chance. I'm most glad that it was he. Go on,
  Virgo, live and give me many Grandchildren. I love you. *   And
  the connection between them faded. 
 * Forest! *   Virgo's mind screamed out into
  the void as she felt the connection between them fade. Not just ending, but
  easing away gently. 
 *Ssshh, Childe, she is waiting for you. One day, you will be
        with her again. *   He pressed her back against Gabriel,
        going to share in her love. 
 "I'm going to have to go out and hunt down another pet or two. Jewel is
  going to be hard pressed to hold up under my needs, much less the two of you." Gabriel
  kissed first Hunter, and then Virgo as they lay there quiet, in the peace of
  the love that they had shared. 
 "You mean, I don't have to wake up at the setting of the sun anymore?" Hunter
  commented, pressing against him. 
 Osiris laughed softly. "No Childe, you are not quiet that lucky. You can
  now feed off any, but you are still just an infant. The hunger will wake you
  for some time to come." 
 "And you had best still reserve your feeding to only me when you are like
  you are when you wake, for now. If not me, then perhaps Virgo, but not any
  of the mortals I take from Jewel on down to any others I collect. You have
  no control yet, Childe. I will not run the risk of you hurting any of those
  in our keep." Gabriel couldn't believe his good fortune. Hunter was going to,
  one day, be his mate. And now, he knew they would have time. Hunter was no
  longer dependent on him to live. So, if fate turned on him, one more time,
  and he was taken from his Childe, if Hunter was strong enough to try to continue
  living, he would have that chance. Because until they matted their, souls,
  were still separate. 
 *My lifemate brand is on your chest, Gabriel. I have yours
        on mine. I'm sorry, but if you ever left me, I would follow. *   Then
        as Hunter sank his fangs into the chest that he was pressed against. *I
        know all about what you are hoping, but, I love you, if you die, I would
        too. You are all I have left to live for. No matter what, comes tomorrow,
        or how many I love, without you, I don't have a life. *  
 "If my Sire dies, and I am left alone, I only hope that I will be released
  to follow them. Forest is waiting for me there." Virgo whispered into Osiris's
  hair as they both watched the two. "I was strong enough to try to live without
  her once. But I don't think I could ever survive a second time. I'm not Christian." 
 "Then you might be waiting for quite some time then, Childe. My Son's mate
  has assured us that your Sire and his will be around for quite few millennia
  to come." Osiris whispered against her cheek. 
 Hunter's body moved down Gabriel's. Loving his husband was the only thought
  he had on his mind. He loved him, loved him in a way that hurt. And one day,
  they would join the other soulbonded's in their home. Be together forever. 
 Gabriel moaned, stroking Hunter hair as he felt his man begin to love him
  with his mouth. Even after all the time that they had been together, and as
  far as his Childe had come from what he had been. He still was a little shy
  when it came to oral love. The depth of his love was pouring from him with
  such strength, that he had forgotten his shyness, completely. Hunter was submitting
  totally to him. Giving his whole self to the one man he had ever fully loved.
  His life, his love, his Sire, and more important, one day, his soul. 
 Osiris laughed to Virgo softly. "Those two keep this up, their mating will
  happen much sooner than was first thought. That boy of Gabriel's is quite dangerous
  when it comes to what he feels for my great Grand-Childe." Osiris watched on,
  visibly amused at Hunter's blind desire to drive his younger Kin mad. 
 "You should try being trapped between the two of them sometime." Virgo agreed,
  giggling. "I was once today, and I didn't know what I wanted to do first, cum,
  or be nauseous at the utter sweetness of their love for each other." She caught
  her breath as Osiris moved against her, reminding her that they were, still,
  very much together. 
 "I trust, you came." He moved against her slowly, beginning to make love
  to her again. 
 *Several times, *   she welcomed him to her,
  returning the love that he was sharing with her. 
 * * * 
 Azrael held Crystal between him and Loki as Vincent and Wolf went to finish
  what was building in them. 'Yes, my Childe is a fine Sire'. Both of his new
  sons were. But he expected such loyalty from Harris with his two. Vincent wasn't
  like his other brother's who were Sire's. He was no Mage. Yet he had come much
  farther, much sooner, than Azrael had believed possible for one as, young,
  as his Childe was. "Wolf will be good for my boy, I do think." 
 "Yeah, lucky for them both, they're dead already." Crystal snickered. "Cus,
  if they weren't, by now they would be. The sweetness between them, would kill
  them of diabetic sugar shock." She turned into his arms. "What is it about
  all of the new ones in our house? You and me, I get hell I even can understand
  Megel and Torin, or Gabriel and Hunter, but the rest? Shadow is going to end
  up with his Childe as his lifemate. Harris and Doc are going to give Christian
  someone to hold on to until such time as he ends up with his own lover one
  day. I won't even go into Vincent and Wolf, I mean, look at them. The only
  thing that could make them any closer would be if they wed. But that is the
  one thing that they will never share. Derrick is dead. Vincent's other half
  of his heart with him. He is just lucky that Wolf seems to have taken what
  was left." 
 *Wait daughter. You might know many things. But not all, you
        did not see Drax and all that has happened since his coming. Give Vincent
        time, I am sure that with as often as my Sire is sharing his heart and
        power with all his Blood Kin, there is still much undecided. *  
 *But, Derrick and Vincent are lifemate's. It was that and only
        that, that gave Vincent the strength to go on and live again, the knowledge,
        that his husband was waiting for him. *  
 *Yes, well, wait Crystal. Who knows what tomorrow will bring?
        *  
 Crystal looked up at him, trying to understand what Azrael meant. "Do you
  mean, you think Derrick is going to release him from his commitment?" She whispered
  looking at Vincent and Wolf in a whole new light. 
 *I meant nothing Childe. Only offering another choice that
        is still undecided. If he does, that will enable my Childe to cleave
        to his First-Born. If not, then Wolf is still his First-Born. And short
        of being both, it is as close as he will ever get to what he shared with
        Derrick. Trust me, my love, I love you, you are my soul, but Loki is
        my husband and he is my heart. *  
 *As Topaz would say, I know that Daddy. I've always known how
        much you've loved him. Hell, I love him near as much. And I don't need
        Osiris to help me to know how you both feel about me.   *    She
        trembled against them as they both turned to her. *You're
        both alive. I feel it just fine. *   And as they both
        joined with her, she lost all rational thought. 
 * * * 
 Much later, as the sun was beginning to rise and the children had long since
  slipped into slumber. Osiris moved to return to Azrael. "You are going to have
  to have one of your pets clean up the mess Tristen left with his death." He
  gathered his Childe, his own First-Born to him. "And you and I are going to
  have to see to the body of our First Sire. I won't leave you for a few more
  nights, but he can't be left in the floor where he is." 
 "Mark is my first pet now. By the time we rise at dusk, the mess will be
  taken care of. I would take the Elder and put him where I put all those I have
  released, but to do that, I will have to walk away from you again. So for now,
  I will see to it that his body is placed in a safe place within my home." Azrael
  watched as, Mark moved to slowly gather both Melanie and Brandon to see to
  them for their Sire's 
 "I know, Azrael. I am no more in a hurry to leave you than you are to see
  me gone." 
 Azrael rested against him. "Father, I did not know what I was getting into
  when I released Drax. But now, so many are forever changed. Of the three original
  Lines, mine is the only one that the new beginning has started in. And before
  I am finished seeing to my duty to my Kin, Any and all that come here, will
  be part of my Line. Perhaps not by birth, but my blood will alter all who feed
  from me, and the pain that we all face with our Chosen's rebirth will end." 
 *I am so proud of you my son. Of all those that have come before
        and after you to the Realm and world I now exist in, you are the finest.
        Perhaps not the greatest Mage of us, but certainly the finest. Both you
        and your Childe share the soul of one of the first three. Drax had been
        willing to wait only until he knew Kiv's soul had found its way back
        to us. *   
 *I know. I do believe that the soul of the ancient that I now
        share with my Childe, was the only thing that enabled me to live through
        what I had gone through so far this night. *   He sighed
        softly as he pulled away from Osiris. Reaching to lift Drax's body in
        his arms. He would see to it that his Line father would rest comfortably
        for now. Soon enough he would see him put with all the rest, but not
        now. 
CHAPTER 14 
 Megel moaned softly as he woke with his Childe feeding from him. Poor Childe,
  even after all that had happened the night before, he was still answerable
  to the inner demands of his young body. *Good evening, Childe,
  *   he held Torin to him. 
 *Hungry, *   the sleepy excuse as Torin fed. 
 * Well, enjoy yourself, baby. Later, once my Grand-Sire wakes,
        I will see to it that you and I share this joy with him. *  
 Torin just moaned softly as he fed. He hadn't seen much of Megel's Grand-Sire
  so far. Megel had pretty much monopolized his time. Sharing him only with Randy
  and Sarah so far. And every time one of them went to make love to either, they
  both did. The tie between them was such that it they were not with each other,
  they shared anything they did, anyway. *Oh damn, that sounds great.
  I could really get used to this. *   He shuddered as he came
  as Megel's fangs found his throat. 
 Megel stopped with the first taste of Torin's blood. *We are
        going to have to thank Azrael for what he gave you last night. *   He
        kissed his Childe and mate, hard. *And you are going to
        have to get a little more used to dealing with Sarah. You are dependent
        on me for your life, no more. *  
 Torin pulled back, looking at him in confusion. "I'm what, but I thought,
  you said . . ." 
 Megel laughed softly, so not to wake the others in their bed. "No, Tori.
  We still share a soul. All that has changed is that now, with the blood you
  drank both from me, after I fed from Azrael and my Sire as well, You no longer
  are locked to my throat alone." Then he kissed him softly. *But,
  for now, if you aren't ready to feed from any other than me, I won't push you
  out. Cain was my Childe for over two years before he was finally ready to seek
  any other but me. If I was willing to let him, who was only my Childe, take
  the time he needed to heal. You, who are the other half of my soul, have nothing
  to worry about. I will be here for you, for now, as long as you need this of
  me. Gladly and with joy and love, I love you Tori. *  
 *Oh, okay, cool *.   He went back to his feeding
  as Megel returned to the bond he was sharing with his Childe. Hips thrusting
  against the hand that touched him, stroking with gentle strength. *I
  love you. *   And he did. He had fallen in love with Megel;
  long before he had ever met the man in his arms that was willing to love him
  back. 
 *Evening you two. *   Shadow murmured only half-awake.
  Thorne had, woke, his with the pain of his hunger as well. The night before,
  by the time that Gabriel had made it back to his room, carrying his unconscious
  Childe in his arms. It had taken everything he had, had, to make it back here
  with both Thorne, who had slipped into slumber, and the boys, who were damn
  near dead on their feet as well. He had been right about his two, once he had
  fed them. They were more than just a little willing to join Thorne and him
  in their love with Jewel. There had been a time or two that he thought that
  Greg was going to hurt himself, trying to lose, himself in the girls arms,
  and not hurt her. And Jewel, the girl was a screamer. He would have two boy's
  overly full of, themselves, when they finally woke. *So, how is
  my little brother this evening, Megel? *  
 *Ridiculously good Childe. You should feed from your boy there.
        You are young, so you might not know by the taste, but my Grand-Childe
        is full Kin now. He did as Tori did last night, and not only fed from
        you after you did from you Grand-Sire, but from his great Grand-Sire
        as well. I don't fully understand how it happened, but after Azrael  , had
        drained Drax. His blood had the power to see to it that enough of the
        mortality that was left in them was burned away. They, all, no matter
        how young, now, are full Kin. *  
 Shadow didn't doubt Megel's words. He knew his Sire wouldn't lie or mislead
  him. * That's great, but am I going to have to push him away,
  so soon, Father? I mean, I know that I will have to wait to wed him for a while,
  maybe even until I am a full adult. But do I have to make him stand-alone,
  already? *  
 *Childe, *   Megel reached out a hand to cup
  Shadow's cheek. *You are a Sire. You are an adult now. I let your
  remaining years as a Child, be forfeit when I let you make your Childe your
  First-Born. For my love for you, I sacrificed all the years I had with you
  as just my Childe. For you Childe is not the only one who has been transformed
  by feeding from the ancient's blood. I wasn't going to let you go, but now,
  you are an adult. *  
 *I don't care, Megel, you are still my Father, and even if
        I am a so called adult now, you are, and Azrael is still your father,
        he is and he is still Osiris's Childe. And like, okay, I'm nothing compared
        to what you have with Tori, but you are still my Father. Adult or no,
        I am still your Childe. *  
 *I have already told you, Shadow. You are my First-Born. Nothing
        will ever change that. Yes I am your father. I will always be so. And
        even if you are now an adult. I will not let you go from me, not for
        the time I am promised with you as my Fledgling. Yes I sacrificed the
        total devotion that a Childe has with his Sire the first hundred years.
        But I won't give up that time. I really don't think either of us could
        live if I did. And now, I have more reason than ever to live. I have
        a First-Born and a soulbonded. What more, can, any man ask? *  
 *I don't know, Megel, maybe for his Childe to let him grab
        a few hours more sleep before, being, woke. Even if it is a wonderful
        way to be woken, it is, still, an unholy hour of the evening. *  
 Megel buried his face in Torin's neck, chucking to himself. *And
        here I thought you were willing to do anything for your son. He hasn't
        been your First-Born, for more than two nights, and already you are complaining.
        *   
 *No fair, Megel, I happen to know how hard it was on you when
        I was as young as my Childe. I also remember you muttering about my tendency
        to wake with the setting of the sun. Until I had gotten through that
        first month or so and could finally sleep as long as Cain and you did
        before hunger woke me. I would be willing to die to protect Thorne but
        it is pretty damn early, you have to admit. *  
 *Well, now that your Childe has fed, follow his example, and
        go back to sleep yourself. *  
 Shadow snorted . *Me, sleep now, come on, Megel, and get real.
        The only, thing, I want to do is pin my boy to the bed under me and see
        how much I can make him sing. You should have heard him with Jewel last
        night. I didn't know which one of them was going to break the sound barrier
        first. That girl is a screamer, and that only encouraged Thorne to try
        to out do her. Poor Max kept getting left out. I was with Thorne for
        most of the night, and Greg, once he realized that he wanted to work
        with women, again, was with her pretty singularly there for a while.
        And Jewel, after just few feedings from me, and she was all into him.
        The boy is going to be as bad, if not worse than I am. Thorne had best
        learn control soon. As is, you are going to have to help me with him,
        as he tends to Greg. The boy almost has a love for pain that would rival
        Sapphire's. *  
 *If that is how it's going to be, perhaps you should think
        about tracking down a girl of your own, that way, when you pull back
        into yourself, and your pet decides he would like to spend time with
        your cousins girl, Max won't feel quite so alone. And I would be more
        than happy to help my Grand-Childe with his pet. If Greg is as bad as
        you say. Then it is going to be to your Childe that the kid is drawn
        to. *   He smiled, softly watching as Thorne hold his
        son. *That boy of yours is almost as much a wunderkind as
        you are. To think, he has the face of an angel, and yet he is willing
        to be your master. Now enough worrying for a while, either, take your
        Childe, or get some more rest. You are right, it is an unholy hour of
        the night. *  
 * * * 
 Mark looked around the kitchen as he watched as Casey, Willow, Brandy, Justin,
  Melanie and the girl that Topaz had left with his master. He wished like hell
  that Maria were still alive. More than just to fill the place her death had
  left in his life and heart. But because she was a whole hell of a lit better
  at doing this than he was. He had never dreamed of ever being first in Azrael's
  house. Or at least not for a friggin' long time. But now, All those before
  him. They were gone, Casey and Willow, there was no way that either of them
  would ever be able to stand as head of all of those that were mortal in Azrael's
  home. Mark worried, just a bit, about what would happen when the day finally
  came that he died. Would Justin finally be strong enough to pick up where he
  left off? Well, he had a little over hundred and forty years to make sure that
  he was, and the rest of the new bunch. He wasn't sure if Azrael had any plans
  for taking more pets or not. And Topaz's two, weren't going to live here forever.
  Sooner or later, she was going to go with her husband and leave here. So Azrael
  might not be planning on taking any more new 'pets' for many years. Maybe not
  until he was a, whole, lot older. ' Great, now I know what Maria
  meant when she said that her place here, were both a joy and heartache. I always
  thought she was just being poetic about it. I never realized how fucking serious
  she was. Shit, what the, hell, am I supposed to do now'?   He had
  been living in Azrael's home for a little over six years, had come to think
  of it as his home as well. Had accepted the responsibility that would one day
  be his, but he just never dreamed it would ever be thrown at him so soon. 
 Well, he would just have to learn to be real fast on his feet. "Okay, guys,
  let's see what we can do about seeing if we can start fixing dinner for the
  rest. I guess for now, until they start sleeping without their masters, we
  will just have to switch our dinnertime back to a later hour. I just hope that
  they aren't early tonight. There is twelve of us now that are here full time,
  and that is not counting the fourteen on the Hall, or Susan." He just laughed. "Looks
  like I'm going to have to drag Willow out and buy some serious groceries tomorrow.
  I never went on a trip to the grocery store. But she has." 
 "Well then, if you want us to start, then shouldn't you, Justin and Casey
  get out of the way. Brandy, Melanie and Sue can help me with dinner, but let's
  face it, you are men." Willow might be Azrael's and Loki's slave, but she was
  still one of the few left that had a clue how to function in the kitchen. 
 "Thank god." Casey sighed. "Come on Mark, Justin, we still have that mess
  that was left from where that insane Renegade was killed last night. And I
  know Azrael well enough to know, he will get pissed if it is still there when
  he and his Sire make it up." 
 * * * 
 Gabriel stirred as he felt both Hunter and Virgo as they fed Hunter from
  his throat, Virgo his wrist. *Evening children. *  
 *I tried to keep from waking you Gabriel. But I'm starved.
        *   Hunter apologized. 
 Gabriel's, mental laughed ticked Hunter's mind. * It's okay
        baby. I meant what I said last night. You and Virgo might be full Kin
        now. But your control is still almost non-existent. Feed both of you.
        It's going to be a while before caring for either of you will become
        a strain on me. *   He moaned, softly, as Hunter pulled
        away to pull Virgo up against him, as he bent to sink his fangs into
        her right breast. 
 *No Pain, *   Gabriel's will came down on Virgo,
  as he sank his fangs into her flesh, joining her is the heat, as he entered
  her anally. 
 Virgo's cry was near a scream as Hunter pressed her back against Gabriel,
  moving to love her, even as he sank his fangs into her shoulder. She lay trapped
  between them, face pressed into Gabriel's neck, sobbing against the flesh under
  her mouth. So lost in the heat, that she could do nothing but press her face
  even farther into her Sire's throat, and hold her brother to her as they both
  made love to her. 
 Gabriel pulled back, kissing her throat. Up. He lifted them both, as Hunter
  pulled back. Separating himself; only long enough for Gabriel to gather himself
  and Virgo, resting back on his knees. Never once pulling away from Virgo, who
  was still locked to his throat, before coming to be with her again, himself. 
 This time Virgo did scream, mouth opening under Gabriel's, tongue dancing
  frantically with his. Her body shuddering with her climax. *Yes!
  *   She pressed back against Gabriel as she clung to Hunter.
  Drowning in the sea of heated flesh that was behind, before and in her. And
  as both Gabriel and Hunter sank their fangs into her, she came again, so hard
  that she could do nothing but cry out, begging them for more. 
 *Go on baby; I, know, after all Hunter and I have taken from
        you, you have to be hungry. *   Gabriel lay back pulling
        Virgo against him, as they lay there, quiet. He could get to really like
        the way they could wake at night now. Before it had only been Hunter,
        but now. He opened his eyes, to see Jewel watching them silent. A slight
        blush on the girl's face and breasts. *Oops, I do think
        we are going to owe Jewel an apology. *   He stroked Virgo's
        hair as the Childe fed. 
 
 Hunter reached for Jewel. "Wake you again?" 
 Jewel didn't try to resist as Hunter eased her close to them. "Wow." She
  whispered. Blush darkening. 
 "You should have come and joined us, baby. There is no reason for you to
  have to lay back here and, just, watch." Hunter fussed at her, smiling. 
 Jewel just giggled. "To be honest with you Hunter," she ducked her head, "I
  mean Master, I'm just a bit sore this evening." 
 Hunter just chuckled. "No, baby, Gabriel can get away with being your master.
  Me, my, Gift name is Hunter. But I'm just Hunter or Will. I know, so far the
  only ones that call me that are the mortals, still left here, that knew me
  last week, Mark, Willow and Casey, but that is, or should I say, was my name,
  too." For a man, that had a husband, he was suddenly finding himself with a
  lot of women. "I'm going to have to start drilling it into the new folk's head,
  to call me Hunter or Will. I happen to be like Gabriel. I can live with my
  Gift Name, out of other vampires, but the mortals, it is just a tad too close
  to the mark for me." He kissed her shoulder. "But, you, you're ours, so you
  can call me any name you want. Just don't call me master, okay?" 
 Jewel shrugged. "Okay, sure, like I was telling you Will, I don't think
  I would be up to anything, just yet. I'm still recovering from what that sex
  fiend did to me last night." 
 This caught Hunter's notice. "You don't say. Well come on girlfriend, give
  me all the dirt, and don't skimp on the details." 
 Jewel pulled away to look at him. "Pervert." 
 Hunter laughed at her, pulling her back against him. "Guilty as charged,
  Jewel. But really, I wasn't in any kind of condition to check on you this morning,
  and I don't think I would have gotten more than a 'fuck you, I'm asleep' our
  of you at the time either. So how are you? Shadow say's you were quite helpful
  last night with his two. What went down here?" 
 Jewel blushed even harder. "I think Shadow said it best when he told the
  guys he had, we made like bunnies." She blushed even harder, "a lot." 
 Gabriel, who lay by them just, laughed, hugging Virgo to him. "That sounds
  like my little cousin. For one who hasn't been a newborn for over three years,
  he still acts like it." 
 "How so Gabriel? I always thought he was doing real well in his maturing.
  I mean Megel did let him take a First-Born." 
 "Because, love, the only thing that boy ever thinks of is ' making
        like bunnies'   as he puts it. And now with Thorne, I
        will be almost surprised if we see them at all tonight. He likes a bed,
        too much. Even for us, he spends more time in one than out of it. He's
        worse than even you and I. And that is saying a lot. Because unless I'm
        asleep, I am only truly happy in your arms." 
 Hunter chuckled. "Every time I turn around, I have something else to be
  impressed at. Poor Megel, to think that before Thorne, he had that boy of his,
  all to himself. No wonder there for the longest time, we almost never saw him.
  If I didn't have you, I think I would be jealous." He shuddered against Jewel
  as she pushed him back against Gabriel. "Almost, but, I think I got the better
  deal." 
 *Behave, both, of you. *  Gabriel laughed. "So,
  my little cousin did right by you last night?" 
 "Yeah, three or four times, but it was Greg that was the most shocking.
  I thought, what with as many times Shadow had to feed Max, that he would be
  the same, but damn. I don't know exactly what his history is, but, damn, I
  thought he was going to eat me alive there a time or two." 
 "Yes, he had mentioned something in passing last night as he struggled to
  deal with both his boy and those two little pets he has, about you being something
  of a screamer." 
 She laughed. "Me, he should talk. That guy with him, you know the other
  vampire. He put me to shame." 
 Gabriel just snickered. "That would be Thorne. The boy has no idea how much
  like the uncle he was named after, he is. Thorne used to be a screamer too.
  I know, I used to see to it that he had a lot to scream about." 
 Hunter pulled away from Jewel to turn and wrap his arm over Gabriel. "You
  like screamers, hu?" 
 * * * 
 Vincent, stirred, as Wolf latched on to his throat, feeding hungrily. If
  it hadn't been for the fact that his Childe was still a newborn, full Kin or
  not, he would have growled at him. But the boy in his arm, was just an infant,
  and infants were almost always hungry. *Hi, baby, hungry? *  
 *Sure as hell isn't my way of saying hi. *   Wolf muttered
  sleepily as he drank. 
 *A little snappish tonight aren't you Childe? *   Now
  Vincent would gladly be woke for his Fledgling to feed, but he would not put
  up with any lip. 
 *No, Vincent, you stepped in before I could finish. I don't
        start feeding from you to say hi. I do this cus I'm hungry. I have a
        whole hell of a lot nicer ways to say hi. *   Wolf finished
        his though, as his hands ran up Vincent's chest. 
 *Soon, baby, just let the old folks sleep a little more before
        we risk waking them. *   Wolf was a newborn. Vincent mentally
        laughed at himself. Of course, he was going to want to say 'hi' in that
        way. ' Gods, I remember what it was like'  . He
        had forgotten how bad he had been, back then. He had almost worn out
        his Sire, more than once, when he was the age his Childe was. But he
        didn't remember Alexander ever fussing at him about his new wantonness.
        If anything his Sire had encouraged it. 
 *Don't want to wait. *   Wolf argued. 
 Vincent reached out, mentally, smiling to himself, as he felt those around
  him. He wasn't the only one who had a newborn with like-minded goals. Azrael
  had his hands full with not only Crystal, but his Sire as well. Loki was tending
  to Selene, and Harris, the poor guy had Doc and Christian, trying to devour
  him. He gave up any concern that he might disturb the others as he rolled over,
  pinning Wolf under him. 
 Azrael sighed softly. Holding Osiris as his Childe began to tease him with
  her hands and mouth. He really should try to get moving. There were things
  he needed to do still. But he just couldn't seem to gather the energy to move,
  as he felt Crystal's mouth on him . *Osiris, Father please wait.
  You have two more new Grandsons' yet to meet, and they both need your help,
  more than I ever have. *  He hated that he had to pull away
  from the man he loved most of all, save his Childe that was now his soul. 
 *I know, Cameron, and Derrick has been pestering me since I
        returned to you. Vincent's sire was never released. But both Cameron
        and Derrick were, and they both wait and watch. Sharra's boy Vincent
        as well. *  
 *Well then, deal with Vincent first. I am sure he has much
        to discuss with his husband. *   Azrael felt, a bit, like
        he knew Crystal did every time she had one of those flashes of 'knowing'.
        He couldn't explain how he knew, but he just did. All Vincent had to
        do was speak to his lifemate, and Azrael was almost positive that Derrick
        would release his Childe to turn his full love and care on Wolf. Derrick
        had made some blunders in the past. But over the last few years, the
        boy had started to truly mature. 
 *Very well, but I must warn you, Azrael, if I do not give your
        Brood a chance to speak to you, at least once, before I return to them.
        I will never be allowed to rest in peace, ever again. That youngest boy
        of yours, he is down right irritating at times. As is, before I leave,
        he is going to insist that he be allowed to come, if only for one night.
        My Grand Daughter is going to push for it. *  
 Azrael chuckled to himself. *Poor, Drax, I do not think he
        realizes just how mortality has changed in us. His youngest was my great-great-great-great
        Grand-Sire. *  
 *I would not count on that, my son. Why do you think it was
        you that he passed on his duty? Trust me, Azrael. He is fully aware of
        what his purer blood will do with the new children. *   Osiris
        reached out and stroked Crystal's hair as she continued to shower his
        Childe, with her love. 
 Osiris gently pulled Wolf from Vincent. * Come, Childe. You
        were not of my Line, but now you are my First-Born's Childe. And your
        husband waits, and worries. *   Then he looked to Wolf,
        who was watching him with such curious eyes. *Soon, little
        one. Let your Sire speak to his husband, and then I will see to it that
        as I share my love with you, that you are allowed to speak to Sharra's
        Childe that is as anxious to speak to you as he is Christian. *  
 Osiris opened his soul and power as he formed a brief bond with Vincent. *Okay
        children talk. *  
 *Lerion! *   Derrick's thought hit Vincent at
  once. 
 Vincent moaned low as he struggled to keep his mind on what was at hand.
  But as the elder Kin's blood filled him, it was hard. *Derrick,
  baby is that you? *   
 *Who the hell else would it be? *   Derrick's
  mental laughter danced across Vincent's thoughts. *So rumor has
  it that you are one of the Lined Kin now. Why else would they have anything
  to do with me here? *   
 *I wanted follow you, baby, but Azrael wouldn't let me fade.
        Or if I did, he wouldn't release me to be with you. So he made a deal
        with me. I'm part of his Line now, his Childe, I was allowed to put you
        with the rest of my new family. And I took Vincent's, Chosen, as my Childe.
        *  
 There was a silence. *Thank God. *  Derrick
  finally responded. *I had been so worried. You're a hell of a
  lot deeper than I am. I had just known once I realized where I was, that you'd
  be following me. *  
 *I wanted too, God as my witness, love. I wanted too. But Azrael
        wouldn't let me. And I just couldn't die, without anyone to release my
        soul. I would have never seen you again. And now, with Wolf, I don't
        dare. This way, it might take a while, but I know where you are, and
        eventually, I can be with you again. *   
 Again the silence, Vincent was beginning to believe that Derrick had ended
  their communication, then. *Look, Lerion, Master. You can't just
  keep yourself walled up for the next how ever many hundreds of years you live.
  We never got around to making our lifemating a formal thing. So, you just go
  on and live. Forget me. I'm here. You did me the greatest favor that anyone
  could ever do for a Rogue. So you just go on, and try finding another. That
  little Childe of yours, he's your First-Born. So let him do what he is supposed
  to do. I'm dead, lover. He isn't. So go on, live and try to find love again.
  *  
 Vincent felt his heart, contract painfully. *Derrick, baby,
        no. I won't do that, I can't. I love you. Was willing to leave my new
        home to protect you some years back. I swear it, if I could have followed
        you, I would have. Please baby. Believe me. *  
 *Lerion, *   Derrick's tone was hurt and angry. *Stop
        it. Don't you think I know that? Like I said, you're a hell of a lot
        deeper than I am. Yeah, you probably should have been able to follow
        me here, but you weren't allowed to, and now you don't dare. So deal,
        okay? *   Then Derrick's thoughts softened. *Go
        on, Lerion. See if you can get that boy of yours to show you just how
        much he can love you. I'm dead, so let me go. *   Then
        there was a touch of amusement in his thoughts. *Besides,
        just because I'm dead, doesn't mean that I stop feeling you know. If
        I know you are going on and living again. I can start relating to some
        of these here without feeling guilty. *  
 Vincent rested in Osiris's arm, weeping. He was going to lose the one man
  he had loved more than anyone save his Sire. It hurt, felt almost like a betrayal.
  Derrick wanted to be released, be free of him. Didn't want to be his husband
  anymore. Was there no end to the pain he would feel? 
 *Okay, *   the pain he felt as his soul cried
  in agony, beyond description. He hadn't thought he could hurt like this again.
  Once he had entrusted Derrick's body to where the rest slept, he had thought
  that nothing else about his lifemates life and death could hurt him. But he
  had been wrong. Derrick was turning away from him. Wanted to be released. Was
  leaving him completely alone. 
 *Damnit, don't be this way. I am dead, you aren't. Neither
        is the rest of your new family. You can't just live alone for the rest
        of your life. I love you. But if you do something so stupid as pulling
        away and pining, I will do more than just stop loving you, Lerion. I
        will come to hate you for your stupid stubborn streak. Please, Lerion,
        Master, don't make me hate you. It would kill me to hate you, but I'm
        dead already. Please, don't do that to us. I can't even die to get away
        from the pain. Please, I love you, try loving me enough to let me go
        and find someone else. *   The pain that flowed from Derrick
        to Vincent was almost too much for the younger Kin to bear. 
 *Okay, damnit, I said okay. Go on with you. I release you from
        our bond. I'm divorcing you, okay, you happy now? *  
 *No, Lerion, I'm not happy, how the fuck could you think that?
        I won't be happy until I know in my heart and soul that you are again.
        Don't you get it? You have a chance now, and a Childe. You go on and
        find love and peace again. And then I will be happy. *   The
        link between them swelled as Vincent felt Derrick so close, as if his
        lover and ex-husband were holding him tight. *I love you.
        I will always love you. But I also love you enough to let you go, so
        go. Live, make me proud of you. Be pissed at me, I'm used to that from
        you. I used to piss you off at least two or three times a month. So get
        pissed if you want, but just go on and live. *   The link
        was fading softly. *Just remember that I love you. *   And
        he was gone. 
 Vincent lay, head pressed against Osiris's chest, as he cried. He was really
  alone now. The one thing that had made going on and living, possible, was the
  knowledge that Derrick was waiting for him. But Derrick wasn't there for him
  anymore. Had left him, totally. *I love you too, baby. *   His
  heart cried out into the void that was the link he had just shared with Derrick. *God
  knows I love you. *  
 *Azrael *   Osiris reached out to touch his
  Childe's mind. *Take your son. He is in great need of comfort
  now. His husband has released him. *  
 Vincent wasn't even aware of his surrounds as Osiris gently disengaged himself
  from his hold, pressing him into Azrael's arms. He was alone now. Derrick had
  done more than just die. He had left him. Turned away and broke that bond that
  they had shared between them. For the first time in years, he was alone, utterly,
  alone. 
 "He left me." Vincent wept against Azrael. "Derrick, he left me." 
 Azrael held him, stroking his hair. "I know Childe. That boy, had he lived,
  he would have grown into a fine adult." *Father, please, see to
  Wolf. The Childe needs to comfort his Sire. *  
 Wolf tried to pull away as Osiris gathered him close. "Vincent?" 
 "Hush Wolf. Your Sire is going to be just fine." Soft lips brushed Wolf's
  throat. *Come, Childe, you were still mortal when your master
  died. But he loved you greatly, and would have words with you now that you
  are mortal no more. Be with me.   * 
 Wolf gasped at the feel of Osiris's fangs even as he was swallowed by his
  great Grand-Sire's power. It was so pure, he had never thought that he would
  ever feel this total purity. But as Osiris's blood filled him, and the power
  rapped around his heart and soul. He was happier that he had this chance, than
  he had ever thought he would be. 
 *Okay, Vincent, the Childe that had been your, Chosen, he can
        hear you now. *  
 *Davy! *  
 *Thank you, Osiris. *   Vincent's touch was
  light, almost shy. *Hello, baby. *  
 *They wouldn't let me die. I wanted to die. *   Again
  the tears as Wolf's heart and soul sought the man who had saved him from the
  hell his life had been. 
 Laughter greeted Wolf's pain. *Wolf, that would have been stupid.
        At my death, you were mortal. Dying would have done us no good, baby.
        No, better that you go on, and live. One day I'll see you again. Now,
        I have that chance. I never thought that my hesitancy at making you my
        Childe, would be a good thing. But I would much rather know that you
        have gone on and taken another as your Sire, than have you here with
        me. So which one was talked into saving you from yourself? I'm no Mage
        love, so there is much I don't know. I know only that you are mortal
        no more, that you are now one of my Line, but which one? I want to know,
        so I can spend the rest of my time here, thanking him. Was it Azrael,
        or Megel? Or maybe it was Loki. *   
 *No, Davy, it was Lerion, Derrick died, but Azrael wouldn't
        let my Sire fade to join him. Offered his Line and me so that he wouldn't
        die. I'm his First-Born. Azrael, he's my Grand-Sire now. *   He
        was so happy. But he felt a little guilty. David had been his master.
        He had been his Chosen. *I'm sorry Davy. I love you, but
        Vincent, he's my Sire. I'm his Childe, his First-Born. You were gone.
        Lilith went home with Sharra, so that her Grand-Sire could see to giving
        her a reason to live without you. Christian, he's now with Harris. Billy,
        Mat, they are dead. Please, understand Davy, I had to do it. I couldn't
        die, If I did, I would never see you again. *   Again,
        the pain and tears, as another Childe tried to explain why he had chosen
        to live instead of dying to join his master and love. 
 A wall of support and love wrapped itself around Wolf's heart. *Vincent,
        so I take it that when Lerion was given a chance to be Line. Azrael decided
        that he liked my name too much to just let it stay dead. Wolf, baby.
        You couldn't have died. That is the one thing I would have truly mourned.
        No, baby, you have no reason to apologize to me. I am not a fool. Of
        course, you had to go on. So baby, what did your Sire chose as your Gift
        Name?   *  
 *Wolf. *   David understood. He had worried
  that his old master would not approve of him going on and trying to make it
  without him. *My Grand-Sire, he gave my Father that name, because
  he knew that it would help me. I still have a tie with you. I love you. Azrael
  knew that, so he gave Lerion your Gift Name, all to help me. *  He
  trembled with emotions that he was still too young to hope to control. *It
  was all for me, Davy. Vincent was offered a chance to live, to be Rogue no
  more, if he agreed to make me his First-Born. For me, it was all for me. *  
 David chuckled. *Don't count on it, baby. Azrael probably would
        have done anything to keep from having to lose anymore. Oh I am sure
        your Grand-Sire was thinking of you when he gave Lerion his new Gift
        Name, but the only reason your Sire was allowed to take you, was to keep
        him on that side the veil. And now, you need to make sure you take care
        of your Father. Derrick had turned away from him. He is going to need
        you. I know that you had no idea when I made you my Chosen, that you
        would ever be more than just one of my Brood, but now, Wolf, you are
        Vincent's First-Born. To you goes the job of helping him to go on. I
        am so proud of you. If it couldn't have been, me, to Sire, you, I am
        glad it was him. Mages make me uncomfortable as hell, and Azrael and
        Megel are one of those things. And Loki, lord, It took damn near every
        thing that Torin, Thorne and Osiris had to put him back together and
        send him back. I'm saddened to know that Mat died too. But not Billy,
        he is probably much better where he is now. I don't think there would
        have been anything anyone could have done for him, once I was gone. He
        couldn't be offered the chance you were. He would need to be completely
        dominated, and made to forget me. Azrael would have never done that to
        Billy. And if he had, I would have made his life a living hell, even
        if it had taken everything I had. *  
 *He wouldn't have done that. *   Wolf was quick
  to defend Azrael. 
 *I know that Wolf. Now I need to let you go, Osiris has yet
        to offer this to Christian. And I am not the only one here that would
        love to speak to that boy. Shiva is about to drive me mad. So I will
        let you go. Just remember, baby, I am proud of you, and I love you. *   And
        the tie broke suddenly. No, slow and gentle fading. No easing of the
        end, one moment. David was with Wolf, and the next. There was silence. 
 Wolf pulled back from Osiris, kissing the elder Kin's neck, licking at the
  wound there as it closed. "Thank you, Osiris." He knew how David felt, that
  he approved and was proud of what he had done. He had never heard of anyone
  reaching out from the Shadow Realm. Other than Torin and Sapphire, but that
  was different. They were Magi, and he was beginning to believe that those of
  the Magi could do damn near anything. They had healed and returned his Grand-Sire's
  husband to him. It was a Mage that had just enabled him to reach out and be
  assured that all was well and good in his life. 
 Osiris chuckled softly, lifting Wolf's chin so he could kiss the boy softly. "If
  it were not that your Sire needs you so badly at this moment, Wolf, I would
  take this to its proper conclusion. But I promise you, Childe. Before I go
  to my rest again. I will see you know all I feel." 
 Wolf kissed Osiris quickly as he turned, pulling away to seek Vincent. "Father?" 
 "Go on, Vincent. Tend to your First-Born." Azrael was almost relieved as
  Vincent turned to take Wolf into his arms. Going to share his pain with his
  Childe. Azrael worried that perhaps, Wolf was still too young to deal with
  his Sire in pain like Vincent was. But as he watched Wolf fussing over Vincent
  as the young Sire sobbed against him. Azrael was beginning to believe that
  that boy was going to surprise them all with how well he took to, being, First.
  Vincent was young, but he was obviously a fine Sire, and though Wolf was nothing
  more than an infant, but it was becoming equally obvious that he was made for
  this. Yes, given time, both Sire and Childe would heal and grow. 
 Wolf fought tears as he was trying to settle Vincent. "Come on Vincent,
  don't be this way." Wolf wasn't sure what he was supposed to do. Derrick had
  broke Vincent's heart. Bad enough that he died, but then to turn his back on
  his husband. He didn't care that Derrick was dead, he had hurt Vincent, hurt
  his Sire. If Derrick hadn't been dead, Wolf would have tried to kill him for
  the pain he had caused Vincent. "Please, it's okay. I'm here, I won't leave
  you." He was almost hysterical. "Please, Father, stop, be with me. Please." 
 Vincent felt the pain his Childe was feeling. "Ssshh, baby. I know I'm sorry,
  it is hard, you understand that don't you? I've been with Derrick for so many
  years. I agreed to live and take you, all so that I could one day see him again." The
  pain was so bad. "But now, I'm alone again baby." 
 *No, never alone. I won't let you be alone. *   Wolf
  was crying too. He would make Vincent see that even if Derrick had turned away
  from him, he wasn't alone. 'Damn you Derrick. I always knew you were
  flaky, but you had no right to do this to him'.  It must be that
  he was so young, so new to this all, but the rage he felt at Vincent's, his
  Sire's pain. It was like a red tide as it washed over him. "Ssshh, honey, I'm
  here. I will always be here for you." He nuzzled his throat, hands moving over
  his body. Willing to try anything, to settle his Sire. *Come on
  Vincent. I can think of at lease one or two things we can do, to ease the pain
  you feel. Please, make love to me. *   He was desperate. He
  had to get Vincent past this. He had never understood what it would feel like
  to not only be Kin, but to have your Sire in the pain that Vincent was in right
  now. He didn't know what to do to help him get past this, other than let him
  hide, for now, in his love. *I won't leave you. I will be with
  you until you have to push me out. And then I won't be gone forever. Please,
  Vincent let me help you. *   He would do anything for him. He
  didn't care what he had to do. *Please, oh please, let me help
  you. *   He sank his fangs into Vincent's throat, pulling his
  Sire's head to his own bared throat, *go on, and let's lose ourselves
  for a while. Enough pain, please. I can't deal with the pain. Let me take care
  of you. *  
 *Yes. *  Vincent turned over to pin Wolf under
  him, feeding, sharing the bond that he shared with his Childe. Wolf was right.
  Enough pain for now. Oh Derrick's choice to turn his back on him, it still
  hurt so much. But he couldn't do to Wolf what he was doing to him by suffering
  the way he was. The Childe was too young. Nothing but an infant, and already
  he had suffered more than any Childe his age should ever have too. *Be
  mine, Wolf. I know you haven't been my Childe long, but please. Be mine. *   He
  knew that it was a mistake, Wolf was his Childe, he should never do what he
  was doing, but Derrick's abandonment, it, hurt more than his death had. At
  least when he had died, Vincent had, had, the hope of seeing him again one
  day. But now, he hadn't been alone for years. Couldn't be alone. Alone hurt
  too much. 
 Wolf ran his hands down his back, cupping his buttocks, grinding them against
  his groin as he cried softly. He would, do, anything. Even if it meant turning
  everyone else out. If Vincent needed him to be with him for life, he would.
  He understood what a lifemate was for their kind. Had watched Azrael and Loki
  long enough to understand what it really meant. "Yes, if my being your Childe
  isn't enough, yes. Forever." 'I'm sorry Davy, but I can't take his pain. I
  will do this. I love you, but I can't take this'. His hips lifted, to encourage
  the hand that was stroking him not quite gently, but there was not pain. It
  felt good. He had never felt anything from Vincent but good. *Make
  love to me Vincent. If I am going to be with you, forever, then please, make
  love to me, now. *  
 *Listen to me Wolf. *   Vincent's lips moved
  up to capture Wolf's under them. *You are Wolf, no matter what
  name you choose later. You will always be Wolf. You are my Childe and you will
  be with me for life. I will never push you out. You are my First-Born, and
  as of now, my new husband as well. I will never turn my back on you. Will never
  leave you. *  
 'Wolf', yes, he could accept that. Already it was so hard for him to remember
  that Wolf was his name as well. But no more, he was Wolf, and he would always
  be Wolf. And he would never do to Vincent what Derrick had. He would never
  just leave him. 
 Harris didn't pull away as Osiris pulled him and Christian close. "You have
  someone who wants to talk to you, Childe." He was getting to the point that
  it was almost as easy as thinking to let these little ones, touch parts of
  what had once been their life. 
 "Let my Childe talk to Vincent first. Cameron will understand. He was a
  Sire once too." Harris pulled back, pushing Christian against Osiris. Reaching
  to hide in Doc's arms. 
 Christian was almost shy as he leaned against Osiris, trembling as he pulled
  his head to his throat, even as Osiris went to sink his fangs into his own. *Come
  on Childe. You have two Sires' who wish a word with you. Shiva is there as
  well. Open up love. Do not be shy with me. I am your great Grand-Sire. I would
  never hurt you. *  
 Christian was crying as he felt the power wash over him. *Dad,
        *   he sent his thoughts out shyly. 
 *You have done much better for yourself than I had ever dreamed,
        Chris. *   Shiva's thought touched him softly. *Even
        after all that you have had to live through, you have done so, damn,
        good. *  
 *I had to go on, I wanted to die when Set, killed you, but
        Azrael had released you. I couldn't go. I owed him my life. *   Again
        another Childe was trying to explain to his Sire why he hadn't followed
        him into death. 
 *I would have beaten you bloody had you let that son of a bitch,
        win. No, you did well. Never think otherwise. I didn't save you from
        death once, just to accept you quitting. I know you were, are young,
        but you are stronger than that. I would have come with Osiris, but my
        Magecraft is not up to the task. Kali wasn't a Mage. So she never trained
        me in the arts. I think I failed you in that. *  
 *You're a Mage? *   Now that was a shock. Christian
  had been with him for six years, and he had never known. 
 *I have the gift. But I never was trained, and by the time
        I realized what I was, I couldn't find another to help me to learn. Had
        I been able to, I would have never been killed. Would have never left
        you. *   His thoughts were so gentle. But then again Shiva
        had always been so gentle with him. *But, now, I won't let
        you face what I had to face. You go to your new Sire, and you tell him
        that it will take him time, but you are young. Eventually, your own gift
        will begin to manifest. If he knows what to look for, it won't be near
        the shock for you, that it was for me. *  
 Christian almost lost the link. *I don't understand Dad, you
        trying to tell me, I'm a Mage as well, me, a Mage? *  
 *No, or at least, not yet, but yes you have the gift. I think
        it will be a while for you to begin to bloom. Too much has happened to
        you, so far. *   Then Shiva's thoughts were silent for
        a moment. *Chris, baby. *  
 *Yeah, Shiva. *  
 *You need a new Name. ' Christian' is a fatal one. You have
        lost two Sires' so far. I don't want you to worry about losing another.
        Take a new Name love. It's okay, I understand. *  
 *But, Daddy, it is all I have left of you. I don't even have
        a trace of your power in me anymore. My Name is all I have left of you.
        Please, Dad, don't make me lose that too. *  
 *You have too Chris. Enough, you have suffered enough. I am
        still shocked that you were able to go on after Vincent died. I don't
        think you can take another loss. I can't ask that of you. No, go on.
        Take a new Gift Name. I love you, have always loved you. You were so
        young when I made you my pet. You gave me your innocence. That is something
        that I will always have. You gave yourself to me, for the first time.
        Compared to that, what is a Gift Name? *  
 Christian felt the shock. He was going to have to lose the last thing he
  had of his first Sire. Would have to truly walk away. He had held on to his
  Name. But now, if Shiva was right, he didn't dare. He had lost so much already. *Yes,
  Master. *  
 *Oh, please Chris, don't give me that 'yes master' line. I have been worrying
  about it since Vincent came here. I can't risk it boy. I don't want to see
  you here, not for years. Christian is a dangerous name. I didn't know how dangerous
  until I got here. There is a bad history for that Name. So now, while my Great-Great
  uncle is there, and I can speak to you as I am, I am asking you
  to have your new Sire change it. *   Again Osiris's power enabled
  another to connect with his Childe to the extent that Christian could feel
  his old Sires arms around him. His love, his pride and his understanding, seemed
  to enfold Christian . *You, were my First-Born, I love you. One
  day, I will see you again. Just try, very hard, to take your time getting here
  Chrissy. Take your time. There is no place for you here yet. Be well honey.
  I still watch over you. Everything you have done, I have never been prouder
  of anyone. *   The feeling of a, light, kiss on his forehead. *I
  need to go for now. Remember, I will always watch over you. *  
 *Shiva, *   Christian cried out to him .
        *Dad, *   then even more plaintively, *Daddy.
        *  
 *He's gone honey. *   Vincent's, soft words
  of comfort. *Let him go. You have no idea what it took for him
  to talk to you. I've been given the third degree from him since I got here.
  Poor Cain, he is terrified of your old Sire. Shiva can be something of an intimidating
  creature when he wants to be. *   There was a touch of pleased
  humor in Vincent's words. *If it wasn't for the face that you
  had been his Childe first, I might be jealous of his love for you. But, I have
  a First-Born too. I know what he feels. *  
 *I wanted to follow after you. I tried, but Azrael wouldn't
        let me. He made me go on. I was going to go with Lilith when she went
        home with her Grand-Sire, but I couldn't. Here is where I belong. *   Christian
        went to explain to Vincent, why he wasn't there. 
 *Christian shut up. Do you really think I wanted you here?
        Had you followed me, I would have stood in line to beat you. I know what
        kind of a man you are. You belong with the living. Or as close to living
        as we get. *   Vincent pressed his connection to his old
        Childe, to again make it feel as if he was holding him. *Shiva
        might have been your Sire before me, and Harris might be yours now. But
        you were my Childe. Remember that Chris. You had been my Childe, and
        I loved you, more than I could ever explain to you. I loved you, and
        I love you still. I will see you one day. Now, I need to go. Osiris has
        to be getting strained a bit. I have no clue how much this costs him,
        but it has to be getting hard for him. Now you go on, and mind Shiva.
        Christian is a bad name. Too many have had it, and lost their Sires'
        because of it. It's bad juju. Safe, sleep my son. I wish you safe sleep.
        *   Vincent's thoughts were gone too. 
CHAPTER 15 
 Harris pulled back as the link he was sharing with Cameron faded. He had
  been right, his old Sire had understood. Had been so proud of him, and his
  small Brood. The fact that Azrael was now not only his Sire, but his master
  in the arts as well just thrilled him to no end. And both Shiva and Vincent
  had put their two cents in, in regards to Christian. That was, one boy that
  had more Sire's than any Childe should ever have. Harris felt a little small,
  when it came to dealing with his Childe's first Sire. He only hoped that he
  would do right by the boy, if he failed. Then he had a bad feeling that he
  wasn't sure he wanted to ever be released to the Shadow Realm. Shiva was older
  than he was, and very protective of the Childe that had been his First-Born. "My
  God," Harris rested against Osiris, stroking his chest. 
 Osiris laughed, softly, pulling Harris even farther into his arms. "What
  is wrong, Childe?" 
 "I have never been made to feel so small and insignificant before in my
  life. I mean, I expect it from Azrael. But Shiva all but promised me that if
  he felt that I didn't do right by my Childe, he would make me regret it for
  all eternity. Cameron wouldn't be able to stop him, Christian's old Sire is
  older than mine." 
 Osiris snorted. "That boy is just feeling guilty that he had died and left
  his boy here alone. Trust me Childe. You will do right by him. And if Shiva
  decides to take exception to anything you do, I am sure that he will get over
  it. He might be older than your first Sire, but your new Sire is much older
  than that boy is. And do you honestly think Azrael will let anyone do you wrong?" Osiris
  turned to push Harris into the bed. "I have shared a bond four times this night,
  thus far. And have yet to take it to its proper conclusion." His mouth covered
  Harris's the kiss was so full of aching passion that it almost stole Harris's
  thoughts. 
 * * * 
 Azrael smiled softly as he watched the two. "I fear it might be some time
  before I can get the two of them out of my bed." He commented to Loki. 
 "Do you have to drag them up? If I know that boy as well as I think I do,
  he will sulk for days if you insisted he rise now." Loki joked back. 
 "Oh, he's rising all right, just one part at a time." Crystal giggled at
  Harris's soft cry. 
 "Well, I suppose we can leave them here, Osiris might not know the lay of
  my house, but he can seek me via the Paths. Now I wonder if I can separate
  Vincent and his boy." Azrael reached out to rest a hand on Vincent's shoulder. "I
  am sorry, Childe. I of all people know what you must be going through right
  now. Derrick did the right thing, but he could have chose his words much better." 
 Vincent rolled over on his back, pulling Wolf with him. "It's okay, Father,
  I'm not alone. When I finally get my boy out of this bed, I'm going to brand
  him, then seal it, and brand him as my lifemate. He has accepted me as more
  than just his Sire. I know it was probably wrong of me, but I can't just walk
  away. Derrick had to have known that." 
 Azrael nodded, smiling at them both. "You did nothing wrong, my son. Derrick
  was your husband. It is not in us to be able to walk away from the commitment
  you shared with him. I knew that when he did what he did in releasing you.
  That you would, of course, turn to your First-Born. And I do believe, so did
  he." 
 "Yeah, you're probably right. I just can't see him just letting me, hang,
  like that without knowing what I would do, almost the moment he did. I will
  always love him, but Wolf, he means more to me than any other love I have ever
  had. He's my Childe, my First-Born, and now my wedded lifemate." 
 "I love Davy, more than I could ever say, but I love you more." Wolf was
  quick to reassure Vincent. He knew how touchy his Sire was going to be for
  a while. Could feel his pain that even though it was greatly reduced now, was
  still so sharp. "Only one question Vincent. You're planning to mark me as your
  lifemate, which is great, but just how am I supposed to return the favor?" 
 Vincent just grinned at him, patting his cheek. "Azrael is your Grand-Sire,
  Wolf. I am sure, if you ask him real nicely, he'll do for you what he did for
  Topaz, and Hunter, and see to it that your blood works just fine." 
 "So the two of you will make the third couple in my house that I will have
  to help." Azrael reached out and kissed Wolf. "Yes, Childe, I will be more
  than happy too. I need to grace my girl here with my brands, both my Line and
  lifemate mark. I am sure that while I have the knife out, I can help you, as
  well." 
 "But, I don't understand, Az, I mean, you did Topaz, and you helped Hunter
  with Gabe's, but just who is going to be able to help me?" Azrael just looked
  at her amused, as Osiris rolled over from where he had been amusing himself
  with Harris, laughing. "Oh, stupid question, hu?" She, almost, blushed. 
 "I am sure, that my Sire will be thrilled to help you. All it will take
  is for you to wrap those lovely lips around him for a while, he will probably
  be willing to do anything at that point." He chuckled as Osiris laughed even
  harder. "After all, he is my Sire. And as, Harris has already pointed out.
  As bad as I am, he is worse." 
 "Oh, wow." She grinned. "Tell you what, Father, why don't you just go on
  and take care of things, I'll make sure he knows exactly how to get to where
  you are." She grinned, evilly. "Eventually." 
 "Hold up, there, Crystal." Harris, protested, laughing. "You might be soulbonded
  to my Sire, and all, but I was with him first, and I'm far from done with him." 
 "The children keep this up, Father, and when you finally go back to your
  rest, you will be forced to crawl." Azrael kissed her, lightly. 
 "I, can, only hope." Osiris just laughed harder as both Harris and Crystal
  attacked him. "Go on Azrael, I will see to it that they make it to you." 
 "Come on with you Vincent. You have a pet that I am sure you will want to
  pick up." 
 Vincent sat up, swearing softly. "Excuse me, Azrael." He faded from the
  room. Heading for where Brandon rested. 
 Brandon lay on the bed, curled into a ball, sobbing. He didn't understand
  what was going on. It hurt like nothing he had ever felt before. Even his rape
  and abuse, had felt nothing like this. ' Something's gone wrong,
  I'm going to die'.   And he prayed his death would come quickly.
  The pain, he wanted to die to escape the horrible, pain. 
 Vincent appeared, gathering Brandon, at once, pressing his bloodied wrist
  to his mouth. "Damn, baby, I'm sorry, I forgot you. Then I had to hunt down
  Mark and find out where he had put you. Drink, it will stop the pain." He held
  the sobbing boy, rocking him. "I'm sorry, please, you're the first pet I've
  ever had, I forgot." 'I should be shot. This child, he is dependent
  on me, and I failed him'.  Vincent could just kick himself for what
  he had done to Brandon. Well, all he could do, if he could get the boy to forgive
  him, was see that he never had this problem again. 
 "What happened?" Brandon rested against him. Confused, but calm again, finally
  the pain was gone. 
 "I forgot I had you, my fault. Azrael is going to string me up." 
 Brandon looked at him, confused. "You forgot about me?" 
 Vincent just laughed softly. "Yeah, I fucked up. It won't happen again,
  I promise." 
 "I don't get it." He looked at Vincent. "Master, what has you forgetting
  about me have to do with what was happening?" 
 Vincent sighed. He had hoped that he could get out of having to explain
  his fuck-up, unfortunately if didn't look like he was going to be able to. 
 "I have a blood bond with you baby. You have to keep getting my blood every
  day for a while, or you get sick like you were a few minutes ago. I'm sorry
  baby, I fucked up." He tried to get Brandon to relax. "I let you get hurt and
  you're my Chosen, Azrael is going to skin me alive. How long were you in the
  shape I found you in. How pissed is he going to be at me?" 
 Brandon tried to pull away. "You did that to me? You told me that you wouldn't
  hurt me. But you let me go through that." 
 "I'm sorry, Brandon. Please, believe that I didn't mean to. God, had I known
  you were suffering, I would have stopped it." Vincent was beginning to believe
  that he had let his Chosen suffer for a long time. Guilt at his carelessness
  cut at him. "My husband left me tonight, I wasn't exactly all there. You don't
  understand what that means yet. But it threw me. If Derrick hadn't done what
  he did, I would have probably been here a long time ago. I'm sorry Brandon." He
  caught his face in his hands. "Please, baby, I'm real sorry. I promise, it
  won't happen again." 
 Brandon looked at him, tears in his eyes. "I lay here, thinking, praying
  that I was dying, for I know what had to be over an hour. You promised you
  wouldn't hurt me." 
 'Damn, I really upset him'.   He felt like a Renegade.
  Only one of the lawless would do to his pet what he had done to Brandon. And
  what was worse, not even a Renegade would have done that to his, Chosen. "I
  know, what I did, I have no excuse." He closed his eyes, trying to hide from
  the pain in the lovely brown eyes that bore into his. "I will take you to my
  Sire, he will listen to you. And will probably punish me for what I did." How
  much more pain would he have to feel tonight? Derrick had turned away from
  him. He had been forced to seek another husband, a lifemate with his Childe,
  who was nothing but an infant. 
 "Why didn't you just let them kill me? It would have been a whole hell of
  a lot less painful. Why did you ' save'   me?'" The question
  was bitter. 
 Vincent winced at the tone in Brandon's voice. It was hurt, and accusing. "I
  wanted to save you. Please, baby, it won't happen again. Even if I have to
  have you sleep in the same room with Wolf and me. I promise, it won't happen
  again." He took the key he was holding in his hand. "Come on Brandon. I might
  as well get this over with." He unlocked the manacle that chained Brandon's
  wrist to the bed. 
 Brandon pulled away, trying to put some space between him and Vincent. "No,
  please, no, I'm sorry, Master, don't." He didn't know anyone other than this
  one, and Wolf. And so far, he had a bad feeling that the rest would be no kinder
  to him than the one that owned him had been. He struggled as Vincent pulled
  him back against him. "I'm sorry, I won't say anything else." He cried, trying
  to push Vincent's hands away from him. "I swear it man, I won't say anything,
  just don't." 
 "God, please, Brandon, I fucked up, okay, I didn't mean to hurt you." He
  was less worried about what Azrael would do to him now. He was probably going
  to eat himself alive with guilt. This was his Chosen. Andrew would have beaten
  him bloody for what he had done to him. "I won't let anyone hurt you ever again.
  Please, stop fighting me. I don't want to hurt you." 
 Brandon froze. He had no doubt that this guy could hurt him, he had already. "Don't,
  please, see, I'll be good, see, I'm not fighting." He was terrified. "Please,
  Master." 
 Vincent sighed. "I'm not trying to hurt you baby. Just please, if I have
  to restrain you, I might by accident. And I don't want to do that. I have hurt
  you enough. Now let's, go." The sooner he got this over with, the sooner he
  could go back to Wolf and his Childe would help him to recover from what ever
  Azrael would do to him. He tightened his hold on Brandon as he pulled back
  onto the Paths. 
 * * * 
 Azrael looked up from where he sat with Wolf at the intense smell of fear
  that suddenly filled the room. "What?" His eyes stopped on Vincent as the man
  stood there, with Brandon in his arms. The scent of fear was almost maddening.
  Wolf whimpered, clinging to him, trying to struggle against what the smell
  of fear drew up in him. "What is wrong with your pet, Vincent?" He held Wolf
  tight. *Ssshh, little one, hold to me, I will see this dealt with.
  *  
 Vincent choked back a sob. "Get out of here Wolf. Go to our room." 
 "Take him from here please." Azrael pushed Wolf into Loki's arms.' 
 Loki vanished with him the moment he had his arms around him. "Now Vincent.
  What is wrong with him? I had been under the impression that you had taken
  care of this." 
 Vincent let Brandon down to stand before him. "Go on Brandon, He is the
  master of this home. Go hide behind him and tell him what ever you feel you
  need to." 
 Brandon looked first at Azrael, his fear growing. Then to Vincent, "please
  Master, I won't say anything else. I promise." The thought of him having to
  go to any other like his master terrified him. 
 Azrael was up and across the room at once. "What is wrong?" 
 Vincent went to his knees. "I failed, Master." He whispered. "He suffered,
  because I forgot about him." He lifted his head, tears leaving bloody trails
  down his face. "He is my Chosen, and I forgot about him. He suffered for over
  an hour." 
 Azrael slowly pulled Brandon into his arms. "Ssshh, child, I am not going
  to harm you in anyway. My son did not mean to hurt you. To be honest it is
  more, my fault, than it is his. It was I who insisted that my Sire enable him
  to talk to his husband. And then it was I who sent my Grand-Childe to comfort
  his Sire. He did not harm you with malicious intent. He had simply suffered
  so, much, in a very short time." Then to Vincent, who, was on his knees before
  him. "Get up Childe. I am not upset with you. I will not punish you for what
  had not been in your control." 
 Vincent shook his head. "Please Master, punish me, if you don't, I'm going
  to punish myself, he is my Chosen, I know that I can't make him my Childe for
  many years, but he is still my Chosen. Punish me, so I won't punish myself." He
  begged Azrael. "Please, believe me, Master, no matter what you do to me, I
  will be harder on myself." 
 Azrael nodded. Turning to look at Brandon. *Sleep. *   He
  caught the mortal as the boy went limp. Moving to lay him on the couch by Doc
  and Christian. *He is frightened enough as is. I will not give
  him cause for more fear.   * His will and his power slammed
  down on Vincent in waves. 
 Vincent screamed, falling back, holding his head. He shook with the lashing
  waves as they struck him. He had been wrong, Azrael could and was, punishing
  him, much worse than he would have ever thought to do to himself. He couldn't
  even cry as he, lay. There blood trailing from his mouth and nose. 
 *You will never forget you Chosen again. I forbid it. *   His
  will struck Vincent again, and again. 
 *Yes Master! *   Vincent's mind screamed. *Forgive
        me. *  
 Azrael stood there, punishing blows reigned down on Vincent for several
  more moments. Enough pain. He would see to it that Vincent felt that he had
  paid for his mistake. *You, are, forgiven my son. *   And
  not only did he end the painful blows, but also, his energy wrapped around
  the younger Kin. Soothing his pain. 
 "Can you walk, Childe?" Azrael helped him to stand, supporting him. 
 Vincent leaned against him, sobbing. "I'm sorry." 
 Azrael shushed him, as he led him back to the couch, sitting with him. "It
  is over, Vincent. You have been punished. I do not want to hear any more on
  this. You made a mistake, and you have been punished for it. I do not want
  to hear anymore about it." He kissed Vincent's forehead, licking at the blood
  on his face. *It is over. *   His will came down
  on Vincent gently. Tightening his hold on him, lending him the strength that
  he needed to come through this. Yes, he was a fine man, a wonderful Sire and
  an equally wonderful Childe. 
 Vincent sighed, resting against him. "Brandon is going to be a mess when
  you wake him." 
 "Wait, Childe. I have been doing this, far longer than you. I will have
  him in control in no time." 
 Osiris, Loki and Megel's minds touched Azrael's . *What is
        wrong? *   The many, voiced, demand. 
 *Vincent forgot his Chosen, the child suffered greatly. *   Azrael
  went to calm them. *It is over. I have punished my Childe for
  his wrongs. I will not let him be harmed any more. He has suffered enough.
  *  
 *Wolf is near crazed. Is it safe for him to be brought back?
        *   Loki was concerned. So much had happened in his house
        so far. Poor Childe, he didn't wonder at the cause of Vincent's forgetfulness. 
 *One moment, beloved, allow me to see to Vincent, and his boy.
        *   Azrael took Brandon's unconscious form from Vincent.
        Chuckling softly at the worried look on Vincent's face. "Be at peace,
        Vincent. Your Chosen, is in no danger." 
 "Look Azrael, it was my fault. I had him calmed down last night, please,
  don't just dominate him. He's my Chosen, going to be my Childe one day." Vincent
  hovered over Azrael, as the elder Kin held his Chosen. He knew that Azrael
  could force the mortal to forget his fear. But to do that, Azrael could simply
  take his mind and self. He was the one that caused this. If Azrael took, Brandon's,
  self then he would never again be anything but just a pet. Brandon would never
  be strong enough to stand and be his own man. 
 Azrael snorted at this. "Vincent, think, you have been here for the last
  five years. When have you known me to be needlessly cruel? He is your Chosen
  that grants him my protection and support as surely as your Childe and husband.
  You are my Childe. I realize that as a Rogue, you might not understand what
  being of Legal Blood means yet, but trust me Childe. Your Chosen is safe." He
  patted the boy's cheek, lightly. "Come on child, wake." 
 Light brown eyes snapped open, confused for a moment, as Brandon tried to
  gather his wits. Then the confusion changed, rapidly, to fear. "No, child,
  you have nothing to fear from me. You are my sons Chosen. That means that one
  day, you will be my Grand-Childe. I do not harm those that are destined to
  be one of my Line." His eyes dilated slightly as he gently pressed a forced
  calm on Brandon, not taking his ability to feel, but instead, putting a distance
  between him and the painful incident. *I will not harm you, Brandon,
  nor will I allow any to do you ill. *   
 Brandon closed his eyes, trembling as he felt Azrael's touch on him. He
  was many different things, but stupid wasn't one of them. He, either, chilled,
  and chilled now, or this thing that held him, was being so pleasant, would
  reduce him to nothing. He didn't want that. More than even the promise Vincent
  had made him, that one-day, he would make him like he was. He'd lost his freedom,
  was expected to be nothing more than a fuck toy for his 'master'. He just couldn't
  take it if he ended up a zombie. And if he didn't do what he was told, he was
  so afraid that that is what he would end up. He would rather die than be like
  that. 
 He took a deep breath. "Okay," he whispered. "Master." 
 *Now, beloved, I have things under control. *  
 Wolf almost flew as Loki returned to where he had been with Azrael and the
  others. "Vincent!" Wolf grabbed him. "Are you okay?" The pain he had felt,
  through his connection to his Sire had been awful. If it hadn't been for Loki,
  he would have . . . he didn't know what he would have done. But he was sure
  that it would have been a lot worse than, just, not good. 
 Vincent pulled him close, burying his face in Wolf's hair. "I hurt Brandon,
  love. Azrael had to put him out for a while, so that he wouldn't keep projection
  the fear that he had been." 
 Wolf shook his head. "I don't get it." Vincent hurt someone, no, that just
  wasn't possible. 
 "I forgot him, left him chained in a room, to go through the hell any mortal
  goes through when they don't renew their bond with one of us. The blood turned
  on him, and he was left to suffer through it for over an hour." He smiled a
  little ruefully. "I had worried that I would drive myself nuts feeling guilty
  about it, so I begged Azrael to go ahead and punish me." 
 Wolf looked from him to where Azrael sat with Loki. "Just what the hell
  did he do to you? I thought there for a minute or two that I was being tortured." 
 Vincent laughed softly, "made sure I 'NEVER'   forget
  Brandon, ever again." 
 "I thought you were being killed, Vincent. I didn't think we could be hurt
  like that, short of being killed." He looked to Azrael, again. "He forgot him,
  yeah he made a mistake, but did you have to be so hard on him?" Wolf knew that
  he didn't stand a chance against any of them, but Vincent was now not only
  his Sire, but also his husband as well. 
 "Wolf, don't!" Vincent tightened his hold on his Childe. "Don't do that.
  I asked him to punish me. He was going to let it ride. I needed to pay for
  what I did, if he hadn't, then I would end up punishing myself." He looked
  up at Azrael. "I had been sure that no matter what he did to me, it would never
  be as bad as what I would do to myself." 
 "I know that, Childe. So I saw to it, that you came away from your punishment,
  assured that you had indeed paid for the wrong you did. I get no, pleasure,
  out of the pain I caused you. I never enjoy having to punish any of my Brood.
  So I see to it that, I am hard enough when I must, that I leave a strong enough
  impression on which ever Childe I am forced to discipline, so that they do
  not gain my displeasure more than once or twice." 
 * * * 
 Wolf looked down at the two brands on his chest. He still couldn't believe
  that not only was he Kin, but by accepting his Sire as his husband, he had
  been marked adult. There would be no hundred years hanging over his head. He
  would never have to leave his Sire. He would be with him for the rest of his
  life. And as he looked at the second brand, the one that proclaimed his wedded
  state. He knew that it would be just that, for life. Once one of them took
  a mate for life, they couldn't be without that tie. It was why Vincent had
  been forced to turn to him so soon after Derrick had turned away form him.
  Even death couldn't break the tie. "It's beautiful." He grinned up at Vincent. 
 "Yeah, it is, isn't it? Sorry for taking so long with yours baby, but I've
  never done this before. And I wanted to make sure I did it right." His fingers
  traced the brand on Wolf's chest, adding his mark to the brand. "I didn't hurt
  you did I?" 
 Wolf growled, laughing. "No, no, and no, for the third time, I felt nothing.
  Chill. It didn't even hurt when Azrael burned away the brand that Davy had
  put on me that marked me as his, Chosen." 
 "Calm down Vincent. Loki blocked the pain when I branded you my Childe.
  Do you honestly think that I would allow yours to feel what my husband was
  willing to block in mine?" Azrael look the knife from him. "Loki will have
  to help me with you this time. I cannot help your Childe to make his lifemate
  brand on you and block the pain at the same time. I am powerful, this is true,
  but I am still only one man." 
 It was the calm quiet in Azrael's voice that finally eased Vincent's fears.
  Wolf, his Childe, his precious First-Born and mate for life, was okay now.
  Azrael had been right, he would have never let anything that he had done hurt
  him. "Okay, Father, you're right. I don't know what is wrong with me tonight.
  I just can't seem to do anything right." 
 Doc snorted. "More like, you can't seem to do anything ' wrong'  tonight,
  don't you mean. Hell, Derrick was your husband. I know what that means, Harris
  is mine. I would be more surprised if you had remembered your boy in the shape
  you were in. And of course, you are going to worry about Wolf, he's not only
  your First-Born, but your new husband as well, again, I know all about what
  that means. So shut up, and let Azrael and Loki help you, and quit getting
  stressed for no reason." 
 Vincent ducked his head, chuckling. "You got a mouth on you like Harris
  does. But you're right. I'm freaking for no reason. Guess I am not as over
  what Derrick did as I thought I was." He moved to lie against Loki, as Azrael
  pressed the knife into Wolf's hand. "This is something that I never thought
  I would ever have. Neither Derrick nor I had a brand, so we had nothing to
  work with to mark each other. Most Rogue's don't, you know." 
 "There are no Rogue's in my home, Vincent. You are my Childe. So naturally
  you have my brand." Azrael looked up to Loki. "It is time, beloved." 
 Wolf was trembling so badly, that if it had not been for Azrael's hand on
  his as he made the first cut, he would have dropped the blade. 
 "There we go. See Vincent's insistence on you learning our ancient language
  has reaped its rewards. Much sooner than you first thought." Azrael smiled
  at him. "It is a very lovely mark." 
 Vincent looked down at the bloody brand on his chest. "Seal it Master. Wolf
  can't yet. He doesn't know how. If he is going to be my lifemate, seal it,
  please." 
 "Give me your hand Childe. I will show you how to do as your lover has asked.
  He is right, you are too young to know even this small display of power." 
 "I think I'm going to cry." Doc leaned against Christian. "You old enough
  to know how to block pain yet, little brother? Because I'm not going to let
  Harris rest until he brands me as well." 
 Christian looked at him, "not hardly. I mean, I know what Shiva said and
  all, and how I am supposed to end up like you and our Sire, but so far, I just
  don't see it." 
 "Leave your little brother be, Doc. Just as soon as I have branded him,
  and he in turn brands you both. I will see to it that if he wishes to mark
  you as his, he can." 
 "So, Megel was right." Shadow led Thorne into the room, Max and Greg right
  behind them. Mark following with the rest. 
 "Right about what, Childe?" Azrael looked up as he released Wolf's hand.
  The brand was sealed. Vincent had taken and mated for life with his First-Born. 
 Shadow grinned down at the new lifemate mark on his chest. "That before
  the night was over, we weren't going to be the only ones to sport a new brand." He
  threw himself into a chair, pulling Thorne with him. "I like this new house
  a whole lot better." Then he stopped. "No, I ain't glad we had to come here
  the way we did. But I like it anyway. If we had to come somewhere, I am glad
  we had this place waiting." 
 "Shadow, it is an exact replica of the home I lost. There should be no difference." 
 "Okay, maybe it's just me. But at the old place, we spent too much time
  getting in and out of our clothes. Here like this, fuck it, I'm a nudist at
  heart." He laughed at the sea of naked bodies in the room. 
 Azrael just chuckled. "From you, of all of us, I can see where that would
  be a good thing. But alas, after I see to my Sire and the Father of our line.
  The time of total hedonism will be over." He noted the new lifemate mark on
  both Shadow's and Throne's chest. "So, I see that you finally talked your Sire
  into bending a bit more." 
 Shadow shook his head. "No, sir, I didn't have to. Megel said something
  about the fact that now that I was one of the Sires in your house, that I wasn't
  a Childe anymore. Remember he sealed his Mark into my brand, back when I was
  finally able to survive without him. He gave up the remainder of his time for
  me." He shrugged. "I was going to start pestering him for permission, in a
  few years anyway. So this way, I don't have to make him nuts. And when I do
  finally leave here, Thorne will go with me, and we will be together forever." He
  just grinned. "That is a plus we have over mortals. When one of us takes a
  husband or wife, and seals it with the brand. Then by god, it really is, until
  death do you part, and hell, death isn't the same thing for us. I will have
  Thorne in this life and beyond." Then he looked at Vincent, who was busy being
  lost again in Wolf. "Or that is how it is supposed to work." 
 "Vincent, might have been wedded to Derrick, but they had yet to seal their
  lives together. I believe that is the, only, reason I was able to save him.
  Had they been bond together, as Vincent is now with Wolf, then I would have
  had no other choice but release him to be with his husband." He then noted
  the two that sat by them. Leaning back against the chair that they sat in. "I
  think you made a mistake with their branding, Childe." 
 Shadow looked down at Max and Greg. "I don't think I did, Megel said that
  the soul that Greg has, was once one of us anyway. So what other choice did
  I have but make him my new Chosen. It's going to be a very long time before
  I am up to going through what I did when I made Thorne my Childe, again. But
  eventually, I am going to have too." 
 Azrael nodded. Yes he could see it. And Megel was right. It would have been
  wrong, if the boy had been one of them once already. It would have been the
  last word in unthinkably cruel, to dangle the chance to return to them infront
  of the child, and never allowed him to join again. "So, the boy is your Chosen.
  Good for him, is Megel going to see you have him collared as well?" 
 Shadow laughed at the pleading look Greg gave him. "Oh, yeah. He's worse
  than Sapphire ever was. Thorne, just as soon as he gets used to the new way
  he has to be with those that aren't like us, is going to have a ball. Not only
  does he have his Sire, as his slave, but his little brother as well. There
  is no way that you could get the grin off my boy's face, not even with a sandblaster." 
 Christian looked up at Shadow. "That is something I still don't get, Shad." He
  laughed. "How your kid can look so timid, and be so aggressive in the bedroom.
  It just seems so, I don't know, weird." 
 Shadow just laughed hugging Thorne close. "Tell me about it. I had a hard
  time believing Megel, when he told me that Thorne would make a good master
  for me." There was no shame. Shadow knew that it didn't matter who knew what
  he did to insure his emotional balance. For now, Megel would protect him, and
  later, they all knew he was strong enough to learn to stand on his own. That
  more than anything was what drew him to Thorne, the knowledge that with him,
  he was much more together, than he would be alone. They were two halves of
  a single whole. Together, they could face almost anything. 
 "Oh, I don't doubt what he is and needs, just his personality makes it a
  little weird. I mean, look at him. He looks, feels and acts like he is almost
  gentler than Loki." 
 Thorne only grinned, a mischievous glint in his eyes. "How better to make
  Shadow forget my power over him. It's going to be a bit tricky for a while." Then
  he went to explain. "I've always had to walk a very fine line with him. He
  is my master, and now he is also my Sire. If I didn't go out of my way, to
  make sure that he feels he owns my life and heart. I'd end up suffering for
  it, because Shad, he wouldn't be able to treat me like he was my Sire." 
 Christian just shook his head. "There he goes again. It just isn't normal
  for a kid that young to be able to understand so damn much." 
 Shadow laughed at him. "Hey now, just look who his Sire is. Blame Megel,
  he made me. I'm not even four yet, and I'm a father." 
 "And if you do that, you had best start now. Because, I will direct you
  to my Sire, and if you want to take up my Childe's actions with my Sire's Sire.
  You need to do it quickly. Osiris isn't going to be with us that much longer." Megel
  stood in the door, Torin at his side. 
 Christian just snickered. "Yeah, right. I don't think so Megel. Harris is
  your brother. I really don't think he's going to let me say anything, to anyone." 
 "I do believe, your Childe is smarter than he looks Harris." Osiris commented
  from behind them. 
 "Yeah, Osiris. Shiva was, right, he is very surprising." 
 Doc was up and around the couch at the sound of Harris's voice. "I've had
  to sit here and look at two new Lifemated pair that had sealed their bond.
  You do plan to do that with me." There was no question in his voice. He knew
  it. 
 "What did I tell you." Harris looked at Osiris with a chuckle. "That was
  a real stupid statement, lover. But since you brought it up. Of course, I just
  haven't got a chance yet. It's a done deal, Doc." 
 "That's all sweet and all, Harris, but Azrael isn't going to do anything
  until I get mine. You might be his son and all, but I am his Childe, and soulmate.
  I out rank you." 
 Christian pulled away. Turning to try to slip from the room before anyone
  noticed him. But as good a mood as Harris was in, he still didn't lose sight
  of who and what Christian was. "Hey, you. Where do you think you are going?" 
 "To go see if Virgo wants someone to keep her company. With the feel of
  this love feast, Gabe and Hunter will feel like they just have to be here." He
  smiled a little sad. "You go on and finish what you were doing. I'll be fine.
  Virgo and I will just pull together as the only single Kin here." 
 Harris looked up at Doc, an unspoken question in his eyes. Doc smiled and
  nodded. "Virgo isn't single Christian, her wife is just gone on, she still
  waits for her. So that makes you the only Single one in the house." He shook
  his head at Christian's pained look. "But that doesn't mean you have to stay
  single. Though, it doesn't happen often, and I have no clue what the views
  are for the Lined Kin. But there are those of us that have more than one husband.
  Doc and I would wed you as well. If, you, think that you can bear to be more
  than just my Childe." 
 Azrael held his peace as Christian just looked at Harris, in shock. He knew
  of this practice in those that were Rogue Kin. Though it was not practiced
  within the Lines, or at least, not that he had ever heard. But, now, with as
  much pain as had been felt by this particular Childe, he would not protest
  it. 
 "He might as well say yes." Crystal whispered to Azrael. "They are going
  to end up as soulmate's anyway. Just as soon as Christian's Mage Gift begins
  to act up in him. I give it another two years, three, tops." 
 Azrael looked at her in shock. "That is impossible. Hard enough to believe
  that even after the miracles I have seen so far, that Gabriel and Hunter are
  destined to be, but Harris and Christian? No I cannot believe that." 
 *And why not, my son? I have already explained it once. So
        many of our Kin have only been given a small taste of what it is to be
        one of us. The souls are coming back. There are going to be more of those
        of the Magi Chosen in our Kin, and most of those souls will seek their
        mate there. It will come to a point, many generations, from now. That
        if you are a Mage, you, are almost promised a soulbond. *   Osiris
        smiled down at Crystal. "That is going to be a very valuable gift you
        have there, Seer. I feel more at peace going back to my rest, knowing
        that with you here, my children have a greater chance of living to be
        a very ripe old age." 
 "Only those that Azrael knows. I can't predict just anyone else. I can't
  even swear for positive what Megel or Shadow will do, and they have a direct
  connection to him. Him, yes, even Loki, but that's only because he is lifemated
  with, Az." 
 "Oh, really now. Then why girl, have you been seeing so much of what goes
  on in his home? If you cannot swear what goes on with those other than him,
  how is it you know so much?" He winked at her. "Everyone within these walls,
  now and coming, will impact on my son in one way of the other. And you know
  this." 
 "Oh, wow." She muttered as she watched Harris and Doc pull Christian between
  them. She had not realized just how far-reaching her visions would be. The
  implications of it frightened her. She didn't want to know that much. She wasn't
  a god, she wasn't supposed to, be all seeing, she didn't want to know that
  much. "Drax might have been the first and all, but Kiv must have had less of
  the mortal nature. I don't think I can keep dealing with this." She looked
  at Azrael. "I take it back, I think letting Megel block this from me until
  I can deal better, is a good idea. There are just some things, I'm not up to
  knowing." She hid her face in his shoulder. "Or at least, not yet." 
 Azrael stoked her hair gently. No his Childe was still too young and untrained,
  yet. *Soon, my love, rest against me. *  
 
 "Are you sure?" Christian was crying against Harris. "You and Doc, I don't
  want to cause any stress between you." 
 Doc just laughed, kissing him. "What, you don't want to share him or something?
  I'm his First-Born, and husband or no, that is just something you won't ever
  be. You've been First-Born before, do you really think you could ever come
  between that? Look at our Grand-Sire. He has a husband and a soulbond. Both
  mated to him for life. But do you see him treating Loki any different? And
  Loki isn't even his Childe." He cupped Christian's chin. "And I have it a lot
  easier that Loki does, Crystal is Azrael's soulbonded. What's another husband
  compared to that." 
 "But this, if I do this, it's for life. You don't brand your husband or
  carry his unless it is for life. I don't know what tomorrow will bring, what
  if one of us begins to regret this?" 
 Harris nodded. Christian had a point, but . . . "Crystal, what do you see
  for us?" 
 She looked up at them. Fighting the burning desire to tell them what she
  knew, but she didn't dare. Doc was holding up so well, but if he knew that
  the two of them were destined to be soulbonded. He might have some problems. "I
  don't see, any of you, ever having a problem that can't be dealt with, with
  each other." She finally spoke. 
 *Very, good, *   both Azrael and Osiris acknowledged
  the wisdom of her decision. 
 "There, that good enough for you Chris? There is nothing up and coming in
  our future together, that is any real problem. It's up to you, baby, I am willing
  to wed you to me for life. To think, both my Brood, with me for as long as
  I live." He gently pulled Christians face from where Doc was holding it, to
  kiss his softly. "It's up to you. You holding our for the chance to have what
  we share, with another, to have only a single mate?" 
 Christian whimpered, as he threw his arms around Harris. 
 "I take it, I am going to be sharing him." Doc caught his face up in his
  hands as he returned the desperate kiss. 
 Christian whimpered, again as he was pressed back against Harris, and a
  pair of lips moved down his skin. His whimper became a brief cry as he felt
  both mouths open and fangs taking him. 
 Everything ceased to exist as Harris gently led them to the bed. Nothing
  else mattered. Not his promise of a brand, nothing. His soul opened, leading
  Christians by example. *Karma, *   a, gentle brush
  against his Childe's open soul . *You are Karma. *   The
  name rang out from him, softly. 
 *Father. *   'Karma', yes, he was 'Karma'. 
 Osiris buried his face against Azrael's chest as he pulled Crystal even
  closer. 'Karma'  , the first Mage, not just of his Line,
  but of all Vampyr. Osiris's soul shivered. That was a name almost as dangerous
  as Christian had been, but all for different reasons. Karma had never been
  released. His soul was not within the Shadow Realm. *Forgive me
  Childe, but I must know, is it? *  
 *No Grand-Sire, Karma is only named after the first of us,
        he is not that 'Karma'. *  
 Osiris had mixed feelings about what Crystal had told him. On one side,
  he was relieved, the Childe had enough to face, in the years to come. But on
  the other, that meant that Karma was still lost to them. 
 *No he isn't. *   Crystal's mind was fussy around
  the edges as her gift swelled up within her, *Greg, Shadow's new
  Chosen, Megel was right, the child does have a soul that was one of us once,
  but not just one of the many Rogue souls that are finding their way back to
  us. But the first of us, that was made Kin. *   She trembled
  in their arm. "I know your help won't last past your leaving, but while Megel
  is so busy, could you sorta stop this thing in me? When it starts to take over,
  it's time to pull back. Ys, know?" 
 "Azrael, she is your not only your Childe, but your woman as well?" 
 "And you are my Sire. Please, Father, if you could help her, do so." Anything
  to ease her heart. He would do anything, no matter what it was, to ease her
  heart. That was why he was going to ask Megel to help him. But his Sire, he
  was Osiris's First-Born. 
 Osiris inclined his head, slightly. Almost four millennia and still his
  Childe honored him, so completely. His will wrapped around Crystal's essence.
  Barring her growing powers. 
 "Do you think he's forgotten about me?" Justin whispered to Mark. 
 "Nah, just well, you see that one," he pointed to Osiris. "He's dead, but
  because Azrael did something for one of them, he's been let come back for a
  while. It takes a little while, but you get used to the way they are about
  their family. Don't worry though, I'm sure that either Shadow or Gabriel will
  make sure you don't have any problems." Mark's heart bled a little as he stepped
  in as the first in Azrael's house. The vampires might have been able to just
  go on and accept the loss and move on with things. But Mark had loved every
  one of them. Some more than others, but he had loved them all. And at this
  moment, he wished so hard that Maria was still here, or his cat, Renfield.
  The role of first, was one that scared him. 
 "Would it be such a bad thing if they forgot us, Justin?" Brandy whispered
  watching the one that now owned her, closely. 
 Brandon stepped close. "Oh, yeah, it is real bad. You either keep drinking
  their blood every so often, or," he shivered. "Trust me, it ain't nothing you
  would want to go into willingly." 
 "What happened?" Mark wanted to find out if there might be a problem. 
 Brandon shrugged. "Just that, something happened, and he forgot about me
  for a while." 
 "Well, now that you know what it feels like, Vincent won't be so prone to
  keep you chained to a bed. So if he isn't right there, if you have a problem,
  this is a Covenstead, you can turn to any of them. Trust me, I don't know what
  Azrael would have done when he had the bond he had with David, on top of dealing
  with Torin, Topaz and me, if it hadn't been for the fact that any of them could
  help us. The bond they will have with you won't last past the next time you
  feed from another, or from your master's." 
 Casey and Willow nodded. It had been one of the first things they had learned
  after Torin and Sapphire had died. That they could turn to another for help. "And
  it makes being with them all, so much easier." Willow finished. 
 "Them all?" Brandy croaked. 
 Mark laughed. "Not at the same time. They each have different tastes, so
  they each have a favorite or two. I started this out with David. I was a real
  dick back then, so David gave me to Azrael. I got an attitude adjustment, fast
  enough. Oddly enough, even though David had hated me there for a while, I ended
  up being one of his favorites when he wasn't with Wolf, or one of the other
  of his pets." He closed his eyes, fighting tears. "I used to hate him, ya know,
  but after I stopped and learned to think right, I, damn near busted a nut,
  but I loved him." Even after six years, admitting to having feelings for a
  man still was a little hard for him. He blinked back the tears as he watched
  on in silence as all before him, unfolded to its full beauty. 
CHAPTER 16 
 *See you one day, Father. *   Sin's thoughts
  brushed across Azrael's mind. 
 *Rest easy, my son. One day, I will be with you. Hold to your
        brother's as you wait. *   Sin had been the first of his
        Brood that had, been without Mage abilities. And the Childe had always
        felt as if he had disappointed his sire in some way. His untimely death
        had only increased Azrael's feelings that he had somehow failed his Childe.
        Sin had not lived, outside of his service to him, more than ten years.
        That was why before Kale, he had not taken any others that didn't have
        a Mage Gift. And then with Kale, it wasn't the same. The Childe had not
        been bothered at all by the fact that he was not like his Sire, or older
        brothers or sister. Had learned to cope as normal vampire's cope. "Thank
        you." He rested against Osiris. 
 "It is time, Azrael. I have been with you for the last four nights, my Blood
  Kin know not only of those that were before me for them, but my love for them
  as well. Isis and I have made our farewells. It is time." 
 Azrael sighed, pulling up. "I know. Hate it though I do, I know." 
 Azrael stood, looking down at Drax's body. "You are safe now. Go on, knowing
  that your body is safe." He turned away to lean against Osiris. "It is time." He
  would have to walk away again. Leave the man that had enabled him to come so
  far. 
 "Soon, Azrael, but not yet. That, youngest, of yours and his woman they,
  still ache to see you just one last time. A, final goodbye, Torin still feels
  a bit robbed. He was not even allowed the chance to wish your farewell, before
  you released him." He gathered Azrael close to him. "I go to my rest again,
  as they wake, for one night. At dawn, their souls will leave their bodies,
  and you will have to return the shells to their resting-place again. But for
  one night." *Drax is powerful, yes, but I do not wish to tax him
  past his abilities. So I will return to my rest. And your two will come and
  share this brief time with both you and the keeper of your heart. *   Osiris
  held him close, imprinting the feel of his Childe to his mind, again. *I
  will always be with you. You are my First-Born. And I wait your coming to me
  again. *   He returned to his chair. Holding Azrael close as
  his soul left his body, to return to the Realm of the Dead. 
 *Goodbye Father. *   Azrael kissed his cold
  lips, *safe sleep. *  
 A, light hand on his shoulder, "Father?" 
 *Torin *   arms an almost crushing strength, *my
        son. *  
 "We had wanted to come sooner, but Osiris, needed you more than we did." He
  kissed him. *When you break it down to how much we can do, He
  put out the most power in healing our Father. And, all, of it in getting him
  back to you. It was his idea to see to it that your blood is his. Crystal may
  share a soul, but Loki has something that not even she can do. *  
 Azrael pulled back, to turn one last time, to where Osiris now slept. "One
  day, Father. I will see you again, one day." Before turning back to Torin and,
  Sapphire. "Lei us go home. I only have one night with you. Let us not waste
  it on talking." 
 * * * 
 *Beloved, come. *  Azrael appeared in his room.
  Pushing both Torin and Sapphire to the bed. 
 A sharp, intake of breath as Loki took in what was before him and he came
  at his husband's call. 
 "Hi, Daddy." Sapphire went to him. "Don't ask how, it's too long an explanation,
  just be glad." She felt so good in his arms. His first and most loved of all.
  Not even the love he had for Azrael would ever touch his heart the way Sapphire
  did. "Now you know why Tori and I didn't take time to talk to you and Azrael.
  We knew we would have a little time." She moaned as Loki's fangs sank home. 
 *How? *   He didn't understand, tasting her
  blood as it filled his mouth. He had been the one that had released her, knew
  that there was no way possible for her to be here, and still have blood in
  her. He had helped to drain her. 
 She mentally laughed. *Magic, I'm a Mage, remember. *  
 Loki held Sapphire, sobbing as she drank from him. She was here again, he
  didn't know how, but she was here. 
 The sound of cloth ripping filled the, room, as Torin ripped Azrael's shirt,
  in a rush to feel, skin against skin. He had had over three years of wanting
  this. Just one last time, it was the only thing that he had ever really regretted.
  But now, he didn't have a lot of time with his Sire, but the time that he did,
  he would use to make sure that Azrael, never doubted his continued love and
  dedication. 
 Azrael chuckled as Torin struggled with his belt, and fastenings of his
  slacks. "Easy there, love. We might not have much time together, but really,
  Childe, you do not have to be quite in such a hurry." His chuckled turned into
  a gasp, as Torin was finally able to get to him, his mouth lowering to his
  erection. Torin had always enjoyed this the most, and Azrael had always been
  more than ready to let him take what he so enjoyed. 
 *Gabriel, *   Loki's mind sought out one of
  the two other than he and Azrael, who had mourned her, the most. *Bring
  your Childe, and come. *   Sapphire had been in less of a mad
  rush to undress him. But now that she had, she was just as willing as her mate
  to hold her Sire. Thighs parted, legs lifting to wrap around Loki's hips as
  he joined with her. His body merging with hers, even as they joined in blood.
  Sharing something that they had enjoyed for such a brief time, the bond of
  Sire to Childe. 
 Hunter cried out, trying to reach for Sapphire, Gabriel holding him, back. "Robby!" 
 Loki caught her head in his hands as he pulled up from her throat to kiss
  her. *Go on, I know how much you love them. *  He
  rolled over. Pulling away from her as she practically leapt into Hunter and
  Gabriel's arms. 
 "How?" Hunter just held her, confused. 
 "The same way Osiris was able to be here. We're Mages, and combined, yeah,
  Osiris has more training, but on a pure power level, we're more than his equal." There
  was no fumbling with clothes. Hunter and Gabriel had come straight from bed.
  So nothing hindered hands and mouths as they came together in joy. 
 Torin whimpered low as Loki pulled him up on his knees, as he made love
  to Azrael with his mouth. The gentleness that Loki displayed as he first parted
  the smooth half-moons of his ass, and then, the slow easy thrust of cream slick
  fingers, left him trembling. 
 Loki leaned forward as he filled him, to kiss his shoulder. Fingers encircling
  his young lovers erection, as he made love to him. 
 Torin wrapped his arms around Azrael's hips as he sobbed around then hardness
  in his mouth. *Daddy, *   he had promised, the
  next time he was in bed with his Sire's husband, the man that he called father
  as well, he would call him the endearment. He had never thought that, that
  was going to be a promise he could ever see fulfilled. He wasn't going to miss
  out on this one chance. 
 Loki sobbed against Torin's skin as his hand and lovemaking became less
  controlled, and gained strength. His own, emotion triggered orgasm flowing
  over him. Not erupting, or exploding, but rather a rolling wave, as it swept
  over him. 
 Azrael cried out, his own release stealing his mind, as he felt not only
  Loki's gentle ending wash over him, but Torin's less peaceful one as well. 
 Azrael held Torin between him and Loki, as they lay, resting, and listened
  to Sapphire's reunion with Hunter and Gabriel, "I have missed you so, Tori." He
  kissed his Childe's brow. 
 Torin twisted in his arms, to face him. "Blue and I have only this one night,
  to be with you and our family. I want to make a memory with ever second until
  the sun rises." He sank his fangs deep. *Call, Megel, Selene and
  have her bring Casey. Harris and Vincent too, Wolf and Christian, are my friends,
  I love them. *   There was no past tense. He loved them both
  as strongly today, if not more so, as he had at his death. 
 *Come. *   Azrael opened a summons to them all.
  There was not one of any of those in his home that was not connected in some
  way to these two. 
 They came, almost as one, cries of joy and pain. Joy at the coming together,
  but pain at the bitter knowledge that it just couldn't last for long. 
 Shadow looked over the scene, laughing. "Sapphire, Tori, how?" 
 "Don't worry about how right now, Shadow. Just come and be with us." 
 Shadow snorted at the number of his Kin on the bed already. Azrael's bed
  was much larger than a regular king was, but still, there was a whole hell
  of lot of them trying to converge on it. *Oh, yeah, Tori, but
  maybe we all should hit the playroom, there is at least enough floor space
  and places to lie down there. *  
 And again, almost as one, they all sought the Paths. 
 Torin pushed Azrael back onto the bed. *Daughter, come. *   Azrael
  sent out a call to Topaz. *Bring your husband, but no more. *   Azrael
  wanted to share this joy with so many, but he had to limit the number eventually.
  After all, he did want at least a few moments with his Childe. "Hold me for
  a moment, Childe, I have a little sister for you to meet, it was she that enabled
  me to go on after your death." 
 "Tori, Sapphire, but how?" Topaz didn't even hesitate at her Sire's summons.
  And Zephyr was just as quick to respond. If Azrael was summoning her, it must
  be important. But he never dreamed just how much so. 
 Torin shook his head, smiling. "Come here you, I was pretty sure that after
  Blue and I went on, Az would have to come up with a way to ease his pain, I
  just never realized you were that ready." 
 Zephyr pulled both, close, smiling as he blinked back the tears that swelled
  in his eyes. *My girl here, I thought she was going to go crazy there,
  a time or two. You had become her brother, in her heart, long before you really
  were. *   Torin was back, he didn't understand how, but then again
  most of the time he didn't understand a lot of the things that went on around
  here. And right then, as he kissed Torin feeling Topaz pull him down to joint
  the two of them, he didn't care. 
 Karma leaned back against Harris and Doc as he watched Torin go from Topaz,
  to pull Casey close as the kid just fell against him crying. "Vincent used
  to say, for a damn, know it all, pain in the ass Mage, Tori was cool. I wish
  he had lived long enough to see him like this again." 
 Harris just hugged him tight. "Why? Vincent is with them all the time now.
  Yeah, it would have been nice, if he were here to share this with us, but not
  because those two are so far from him now, hell, son, they sleep in the same
  chamber with him, share the same Realm." 
 Karma just shrugged. "Yeah, well, I don't think that they can be quite the
  way they are, being right now, there. Vincent was so very physical." 
 *Wanna bet? Just because they're dead now, doesn't slow down
        the urge to, as Shad would say, make like bunnies. Didn't you hear me
        when I told you earlier, that you were destined to be with Doc and I,
        Shiva and Cameron have become very close? *  
 Shadow rested a hand Greg's shoulder. "Go on, darlin' by the time he is
  finished with Casey, he's going to need a hand cleaning up." He smiled at the
  worried look Greg gave him. Not fear, or at least not yet, but worry. "It's
  okay, you're my Chosen, Torin is my Sire's brother, that makes him my uncle.
  He would no more hurt you, than I did my cousins girl last night. You are going
  to be family soon enough, He isn't a Renegade, only one of those scum would
  even think about hurting what belonged to one of his Blood Kin." He tilted
  Greg's head up to kiss him. "Besides, he was Sapphire's master almost as much
  as Az was. And he looks almost as sweet and harmless as Thorne, so it should
  be no big deal to go to him for a while." 
 Casey sobbed his orgasm as he felt the combined feelings of Torin making
  gentle love to him, and the feel of a warm mouth that took him. "Oh, oh, yes,
  harder, Tori, gods." He shuddered, pulling Torin's face to his throat. Screaming
  in absolute joy as he felt his friend, and lover's fangs sink into his skin. 
 Greg reached past Casey to Torin as the vampire fell back, gasping. Again,
  something in him seemed to know what to do. 
 "Well, hello," Torin laughed as Greg bit at his chest as he moved up Torin's
  body. "Good to meet you, too, honey." He kissed him. "Hold that thought pretty
  one, I have to pull away for just a sec." He gently took Greg' shoulders. 
 Dark blue eyes looked up to pewter ones. "Don't worry about that Master,
  I can take care of you." Greg took his hand that had been pushing him away
  gently, and kissed the palm, rubbing his cheek against it. "If that is okay
  with you, Master." 
 Torin cupped Greg's chin, lifting his head, to catch his eyes again. "Who
  are you?" His eyes looked deep into Greg's. "Karma?" 
 Harris felt his Childe stir in his arms. "Yeah, Tori?" Karma smiled. 
 Torin shook his head, "not you Chris. This mortal, he's, who is he, and," he
  looked down at Greg's chest. "Megel, do you know who this boy, or at least
  the soul he has in him, is?" 
 "Firstly, little brother. Christian is dead. He died a few days ago. That
  is Karma. And second the boy you are holding, is not my Chosen. You need to
  talk to Shadow, Greg is my First-Born's, Chosen, not mine. Look at that brand
  again." 
 "I'm sorry, Karma, I might have probably should have kept a little better
  eye on others, but I was keeping a close watch on Azrael and Osiris. I didn't
  think to keep a look out on all the rest. Forgive me." Then he raised an eyebrow,
  in Shadow's direction. "I didn't think you were old enough for a Chosen." 
 "Well, I had to go out and collect a few to help with Thorne, Megel has
  his hands full with the other Torin that lives here, so I couldn't count on
  him to help me as much as I used to. I certainly couldn't ask him to keep helping
  me, with my own Childe." He squeezed Thorne against him. "Losing Cain and so
  many others, it messed with me, real bad. Megel is my Sire. I'm his First-Born,
  so he was willing to give up the remainder of my service to him, and let me
  Sire Julian, who had been my first Chosen." He snickered at Torin's amazed
  look. "And when I got ready to take and make my Chosen, my Childe. Killing
  Jules, and giving birth to Thorne, I had to go out and collect a few. I didn't
  know he was special until Megel had pointed it out to me, earlier tonight." 
 Torin just laughed softly. "I should have known. You always were just a
  bit of an overachiever." He looked back at Greg, who was watching him closely. "So
  you knew that he was special, but did your Sire, happen to tell you how much
  so?" 
 Shadow; bit at his bottom lip. "I take it that it's not just some lucky
  Rogue soul, hu?" 
 Torin just laughed. "That does it, Blue, we are going to have to implement
  that plan we had been working on. The Shadow Realm, has been wondering where
  Karma's soul was for from what I can understand almost as many centuries as
  our Great Grand-Sire's been around, forget dead, but alive and Kin." Then he
  stopped the smile on his face, though not fading completely weakened. "Shadow,
  I hate to be the one to tell you this, but you can't have this one as your
  Chosen. A Mage can take one who is not a Mage, as a Chosen and Child, but it
  doesn't work the other way. Don't make him like Shiva was." 
 Shadow looked down, rubbing his nose. "So, it looks like I'm going to have
  to deal with having him as my little brother, instead of as my Childe." He
  shrugged. "At least I don't have to worry about dealing with Megel suddenly
  finding himself with a soulmate. Done did, that already." 
 Torin struggled to sit up, pushing Greg even farther away. "' Fuck
      me'  ." He just looked at them all. "Just what has been going
      on? It's enough that Az, ended up with Crystal. But Drax, then Osiris,
      what the hell did I miss?" 
 Azrael laughed softly. "A great many things, love. The least of which is
  the souls return to us." 
 Torin caught Sapphire's eyes. "Blue?" She nodded. "Azrael, I know we hadn't
  wanted to talk this trip, but I think we need to, now." 
 Azrael heard the desperation in Torin' voice. "Okay, Tori, what is it you
  wish to say?" 
 Sapphire went back to Torin, leaning against him, offering her support. "We
  have got to come back. There is just too much going on for me to stay where
  I am." 
 Azrael just shook his head, sadly. "Torin, beloved. You are dead, the very
  fact that you are here, is a miracle that I never will be able to thank the
  fates enough for. But Childe, you are dead. I released your soul myself." 
 Torin shrugged himself, reaching to grab Azrael's hands. "So what? If I,
  can get Sapphire to agree to it and am real lucky. I can come back. All I have
  to do is keep an eye out for the birth of an infant that looks promising, and
  take the place of the mortal soul in the body. The only thing that had kept
  me from trying that, is Sapphire. If she isn't ready to jump, I can't." He
  looked at Azrael, a plea in his face. "I can't lose her again, it took god
  only knows how long for us to find each other. But if we could move together,
  find not just one, but two bodies, tightly linked together, we could do it." 
 "Twins." Crystal gasped. "Yeah, you could do that, if you were sure that
  there were going to be twins." Megel had replaced the shield around her gift
  when Osiris had left, but the truth that came to her was just too powerful.
  Not even Megel's greater power could stop it. 
 "You know what I'm talking about, don't you?" 'Yes', she was his Sire's
  soul. What she understood, surely Azrael did too. 
 Azrael shook his head. "Yes, Childe, I do understand what you are trying
  to say. But Torin, find a new pet that is pregnant is not going to be hard,
  but not even I can decide how many she carries." Crystal snorted, and Torin
  laughed. "What?" 
 "Think Azrael, honey, if we got a girl, robbed a sperm bank, and set her
  up here, who are you kidding, we could decide how many. Or have you forgotten
  Torin?" She made a funny face at him. 
 "I am well aware that my Son could do the work, he helped to heal and repair
  my heart. But he leaves in a few hours." 
 "No, I'm not talking about this Tori, I know he has to go back, at least
  for now. But Megel's Childe. He's named after him, after all. Remember why?" 
 Azrael nodded. "I am well aware of what my Grand-Childe is. But again, what
  good will that do. It will be years before that Childe can do near what the
  man he was named after can. Yes Tori, of course, when my Grand-Childe can do
  what you once could, I will be more than happy to give you the vessel for your
  return. What are a few more years? Is it not enough that you now know that
  there will be a way made for you again?" Azrael was trying to appear calm,
  but the promise of getting Both Torin and Sapphire back again, was thrilling. 
 "Father." Megel pulled close. "If my little brother wishes to return, and
  with him my sister as well, Torin is not only my Childe, but my soul. Torin
  is my brother. I could work through my son if my brother will agree to accept
  my help. It's going to take close to a year for, there, to be a life for him
  and Sapphire. Then another fifteen to twenty before they are ready to return
  to us. Maybe, Shadow has had a very bad effect on me, but I just don't see
  waiting unless it is absolutely necessary. I only wish I could have asked Cain
  to return this way. But, he isn't powerful enough to choose the life he was
  going to take. And the odds of me finding him again, if he just took what ever
  life he could find, is not to my liking." 
 "Tell you what, Megel, you help me, I'll see to it that he comes back with
  us, if he is willing to leave Vincent to watch over Lilith, and Karma. Just
  make sure that the girl, who you pick, can carry triplets. If you help me and
  Blue, I'll help you." 
 Megel smiled, shaking his head. "I don't need that. Vincent is with him.
  I released my son back to his original Sire. I won't ask him to leave Vincent." 
 "But you will help Blue and I, right?" *Think he's your soulbonded,
        it should be a snap. *  
 *To have you both back, I would do anything short of putting
        my Brood at risk. Yes, little brother, I will be more than happy to help
        you. *  
 * * * 
 Much later, as the house quieted. "We don't have much more time, Father." Torin
  held Azrael, as Sapphire lay at his side, holding Loki. "Promise me, you'll
  help with this. Neither of us had any time with you or Loki last time. Give
  it back to us." 
 Azrael kissed his brow. "Do you feel the need to beg, Tori? Your death almost
  cost my life. Sapphire is Loki's First-Born, and at the time, he was still
  wounded of mind. Had Selene not offered her life to him, giving Mara up completely,
  he would have followed her. Without him, I would have joined you. So yes, my
  love, I will help you. At rising tomorrow, I will begin to seek out another,
  one that is not blood bonded to one of us. To see that she is available to
  carry the children I will need of her. Both, a male and female." 
 "I don't care the gender of the body. Male or female, I just want to get
  back to you. Too much is going on now, I have to be with you for it." He reached
  out a hand and stroked Azrael's cheek. "Thorne and Sin would have offered to
  do it, but, Thorne has Gabriel to watch over, and Sin wasn't a Mage. I would
  have offered to help Sin, but then I happened to remember. Sapphire is Loki's
  First-Born. Sin isn't yours. And I couldn't ask her to go without me. So I
  didn't." He reached up to kiss Azrael, one last time. "Goodbye Father, see
  you soon enough." And his eyes closed. Beside them, Loki sobbed over the slumbering
  body of his First-Born. 
 * * * 
 Doc held Harris. "Why didn't you tell me who Karma was going to be to you?" He
  had known that it would never be him, had worried a little that his Sire and
  lifemate would feel pain at having to choose one for his heart. So he didn't
  understand why Harris had neglected to tell him that his worries were over.
  Karma was not only his new husband, but his Sire's Childe as well. 
 "I didn't want you to feel threatened. I didn't know if you completely understood
  what having Karma as my soulbonded would mean to us." 
 Doc pulled away a bit miffed. "I know what it means to me, but I'm not sure
  anymore what it means to you." 
 *It means that my Brood will never have to leave me. I took
        you both as my lifemate's. But you are my First-Born. This gives Karma
        something of his alone, and me, that is his. *   He pulled
        Doc back to him. *It also means that not only is my First-Born
        my Childe, but so is my soul. *   He held his Childe close
        as Doc cried. "Besides, he isn't even a Mage yet, you fool. I can't be
        his soulbonded until he is. So you have plenty of time to get used to
        sharing your new husband with me." He laughed. "Damn, son, don't get
        possessive on me." 
 "Well, as long as it is you. I guess I can live with it. I don't think I
  could be so understanding if one of you up and took a soulbond with yet another.
  Three is pretty much my top number." He laughed back, kissing him. "I will
  just learn to watch Loki a whole lot closer. He's much older than I am, and
  in the same boat. At least I have being a Mage, as well, on my side." 
 "Uh, guys," Karma lay on his side beside them. "Don't you think, seeing
  as you are talking about me, it would be nice to include me, even if it is
  only in passing." 
 Harris and Doc laughed, reaching out, as one, to pull Karma close. "I'm
  sorry, baby. It's just been something of a shock to me. But Doc is right. I
  should have mentioned it earlier. He understands why I didn't tell him, but
  I don't know if you will why I didn't you." 
 "I don't know about that, Father, maybe it's because it' been a real hard
  time for me so far, or my new Name change, or my marrying the two of you, or
  I don't know, half a dozen other reasons." 
 'Damn, he's quick'. Harris was impressed with his new Childe. "And you don't
  have a problem with it? I was only trying to protect you. You're my Childe
  first, and always. I didn't want to overwhelm you anymore than I had already." 
 Karma just hugged them both tighter. "I'm not Doc, I don't have to know
  everything, right then and there. I could have lived without knowing it, at
  least for a while. But I'm glad to know it. Won't freak me out near as much
  as it would have when it happened." 
 Doc just shook his head, laughing softly. "No, it's going to be a real anti-climax
  after the first time you find out you're a Mage, trust me." 
 "Then I guess I'm doomed to find them both, just, really great. I know I'm
  a Mage, Shiva told me that, day's, ago. And now I know Harris is going to be
  my soulbonded. I don't think I can get much more awestruck than I am, right,
  now." 
 "Well, if your soul bonding with Harris's is any where near as amazing as
  the first time, your other awareness, is, then I can safely say, you have no
  idea what you're talking about kid." Doc shook his head slowly as he squeezed. "Because,
  I happened to have known what I was before it happened, and I almost died in
  ecstasy. That is why I am Harris's First-Born, I was his, mortal, lover when
  it happened, and Harris couldn't resist the offer of another Mage, we were
  under the impression that they were hard to come by, back then. And when he
  made me his Childe, he took me as a lifemate at the same time. So I would never
  have to leave him." 
 "I always knew you were his husband, as well as his First-Born, but never
  the how's and why's of it." 
 "Well, I seem to being falling into fortune left and right, these days.
  Though I would never trade my good luck for the lives it cost us. If it had
  to have happened, at least it brought about something good. I got to share
  Doc's awakening the first time, and I'm going to get to share yours." He brushed
  Karma's lips with his own, "Doc is my First-Born, and you're my soul, what
  more can one man ask?" His mouth came down. 
 * * * 
 Megel held Shadow as they watched over the others sleeping. *Torin
        is gone. *   Megel's, soft, touch. 
 *He'll be back. If Azrael doesn't move the moment he puts Torin
        back to wait, Loki or you are going to pounce on him. *  Shadow
        looked down to where Greg and Max slept. *Didn't mean to
        shove my choice off on you. Had no clue, I mean really, that he was going
        to turn out like you. Damn, Mages, next thing you know, they are going
        to be dropping from the sky during rainstorms. I mean, look at it, this
        way, not only is there, Azrael's new mate. But Karma as well, that boy
        is going to shock us all soon enough, and Torin, that's three for three
        so far. And we have Hunter here with Gabriel, along with Harris and Doc.
        We got Mages coming out of our asses. How the hell did I have any idea
        that Greg was going to be one? *   Megel almost hurt himself,
        trying to keep from laughing at Shadow's words. *No man,
        more power to you. I happen to agree with Vincent, when he used to grumble
        about damn, know it all, pain in the ass Mages, sorry Megel, but it just
        doesn't move me like it does you. No, I'm sorry if you didn't want to
        deal with him yet, but by all means knock yourself out. But Tori was
        right, I won't do to him, what Kali did to Shiva. *   
 *Whom are you trying to, convince Childe yourself or me? *   He
  knew that eventually, with as long as Shadow was going to wait before choosing
  to take Greg, from, Chosen to Childe. The boy would have been found out and
  then Shadow would have been forced to face the decision to release him. Luckily
  for him, he hadn't had enough time to really become attached to the mortal,
  so it wasn't hurting him like it could, to lose his Chosen. *You
  would have in the end, released him anyway. Once you found out what he was
  going to be you are my son, I helped to create your nature, and you would have
  never kept him from the arts. This way, you at least have him as a brother.
  *   His mental laughter danced over Shadow's mind. *Tell
  me what it is about those like you that, has, me in a position that I keep
  ending up with them as my children. Tori, he isn't, but that is not to say
  that in the end, he will not enjoy it. And you well, we, know all about you.
  But Greg, if what I have seen is any indication, that boy out shines even Sapphire
  in his tastes. *   
 *Yeah, maybe, but I got one thing that they will never touch.
        Not even Tori with as much as he is your other half, can. *  
 *You have many things about you that they could never touch
        precious. But which one are you referring to? *  
 *Cain was the closest thing that could have ever come close
        to it. He was your First-Made, but me, I am your First-Born, no matter
        what and who comes next, no one will ever take that away from me. I am
        your, First-Born. *   His fangs sank into Megel's chest,
        as he pulled closer . *The rest, they're asleep, but I'm
        not ready to close my eyes for the day, just yet, make love to me, Megel.
        * 
EPILOGUE 
 Loki leaned against Azrael as they stood over Torin and Sapphire's body. "Soon,
  promise me, Azrael, it will be soon. 
 "Let me settle my house a bit more, beloved, and it will be done. There
  are so many new mortal's in my home, let us not stress thing any more, but
  trust me, Loki, the moment I believe that Mark is going to be able to see to
  it all himself. Then yes, I will see to it that my son returns." 
 "It will not be easy of the poor mortal woman, to be with us, and yet not.
  You are going to have to dominate her, there is no other way, and she can't
  bond with you. Have you thought of her? She will end up almost as bad as Billy
  used to be." Loki worried, yes, he wanted Sapphire back with him in a way that
  almost defied logic, but they weren't Renegades, they had to seriously consider
  the damage this would do to the mother. 
 Azrael looked at him, smiling. "Do you find Mark, lacking in any way?" 
 "No, but you had a blood bond with him, even if he did come to terms with
  his place here, on his own, what other option did he have?" 
 "I had him dominated before he drank. I forced him that first time, but
  not afterwards. He chose to bend, of his own free will, or at least he thought
  it was. I know what I am doing, Loki. No mortal I take will run any risk of
  anything. The only reason I do not dare bond with her is she needs to conceive
  for me. But if she has not delivered by her due date, I will bond with her
  to force the birth. After that, she will be cared for as all of my pets. If
  Torin and Sapphire make it in time to take the mortal soul's place, then I
  will have my son to raise. If not, then we have children to raise for pet's
  one day. And I start over again." He reached down and stroked Torin's cold
  cheek. "Any way I must, I will have Torin back with me. No matter if I have
  to spend the next thousand years to get it right. I will have my Childe back ." *I
  promise you, I will never stop, I will have you back. *  
 * * * 
 Mark looked up as Azrael came to sit by him. "Master, is there a problem?" 
 Azrael chuckled, hugging him. "Not that I am aware of, pet, I do not make
  it a habit of coming to you, only when there is a problem." He lay a hand on
  Mark's upper thigh, squeezing gently. "I only wanted to see how you were, Mark.
  It has been something of a busy time for me since the explosion. I did not
  want you to think, that with all the new pets here, that I had forgotten you." 
 Mark closed his eyes, turning into Azrael's embrace, hips lifting a little
  to push against the hand on his thigh. "I know that, Azrael. But you know,
  it's nice to hear it." 
 "Foolishness," his mouth closed over Mark's. *Did you ever know
      me to slight Maria, my love? She was my first pet, and now you are. *   'Poor
      boy', he actually had begun to believe that Azrael would ever feel any
      less for him, all because he had a new slew of children, and new pets. *I
      love you, Mark. No matter, who else I love, I will always, love you. *   His
      hand raised to his throat, as he lowered his mouth to Mark's, to cut a
      ga000sh0 in his throat over his jugular with his nail. 
 * * * 
 Mark leaned against Azrael, resting quietly. "So, boss, what was it you
  wanted to ask me about?" 
 Azrael just laughed. "What, I didn't satisfy you enough boy? I must be slipping
  in my old age." 
 "Nah, if I was anymore satisfied, Master, I wouldn't be able to talk. But
  like you said, I'm your first now. And more often than not, when you just decided
  to pay her that kind of attention, for nothing, not even a feeding, you usually
  had a reason." 
 "My but you, are, the observant one." Azrael chuckled. "Am I really that
  easy to predict?" 
 "I know six years ain't nothing to you, but for one of us, it's a good chuck
  of time. So yeah, I kinda got used to you. Now what's up?" It had taken him,
  almost, this long too finally, be at full peace with what Azrael made him,
  feel, but he had. 
 "Nothing really, I just wanted to make sure you were doing well. I have
  not given you a chance to grieve. I share your pain, believe me, Mark. I loved
  each and every one of my darlings." 
 Mark just leaned against him. "I know that, but, I." He just finally broke
  down. For the first time since it had happened, he was finally able to cry. "I
  don't even have Ren to hold anymore. He died with all the rest. Sapphire's
  two and Beernuts, Joy too. They are all dead." 
 Azrael held him, mourning with him. *I know, love. I do not
        even have their remains to join all the others I have, loved. I know.
        *  
 "What if I can't do it, Azrael? What if I just can't do it?" His greatest
  fear. That he would never hope to live up to what Maria had meant to him and
  this house. 
 "Hush, child. If you can ask that, you will be more than capable. I miss
  my precious girl, but I will be as proud of anything you do for my house. You
  are not that creature you were when I first took you." Azrael felt the weight
  of worry leave his shoulders. Mark was going to be fine. And he already knew
  how Casey and Willow were. Now he could move forward with what he wished, and
  not feel, as, if he had slighted anyone. 
 Mark hiccuped. "Thanks, Az. You don't know what this means." 
 Azrael just fussed at him. "Mark, child. You actually doubt me, or my love
  and commitment to you?" He just kissed the mortal. "No, you are fine, I am
  very happy with you and the way you have grown. I now know, that it will be
  possible for you to help me. I must go out and collect a mortal girl," 
 Mark looked at him. "Another one? I thought we had enough in the house so
  far. What do you need another one for?" 
 Azrael smiled at him. "This child is going to be unlike any of those I have
  dealt with so far. She is going to come here, and for a time, be unbound to
  any of us. She is to help with the rebirth of Torin and Sapphire. So she must
  be able to conceive. I wanted to make sure that you could hold up under the
  strain having a pregnant unbound pet here." 
 "Okay, I guess you know what you are doing. But do you plan to kidnap a
  young pregnant woman, or what. Sorry, Master, but with as often as most of
  us are in bed with one of you, or together, we shoot nothing but blanks. We're
  no more fertile anymore than you are." 
 Azrael was impressed. Mark might worry about if he was ready for this responsibility,
  but Azrael could tell, there was strength in his pet, one that he hadn't helped
  to create. The steel that was now being shown in Mark's character, was all
  his own creation. "No, I will go out and get a young pet, old enough for pregnancy,
  but still young enough to be innocent. I dare not run the risk of dooming the
  children to illness. The sperm, like wise check, and assured of its health.
  I will take it from a sperm bank." 
 Mark shivered. "You're going to kidnap some kid? Master, I didn't think
  that was the way you acted." 
 Azrael took Marks head in his hands, and looked into his eyes. "I would
  do damn near anything to have my Childe back. Anything short of, physically,
  hurting any of you. She will be old enough to conceive and carry to term. I
  will see that she is pampered, and cherished for the rest of her life. I am
  aware that I am planning on taking a girl that is little more than a mortal
  child. But I will do it." 
 * * * 
 Azrael stood in the middle of the room, looking to Loki and Crystal. "I
  have not hunted for a pet, per say, since Amber. Both Torin and Topaz ended
  up as my children." 
 Crystal held out a comforting hand. "I'm sure it's like riding a bike. Once
  you know how, you never forget." 
 "Don't worry, beloved. You will do just fine. Any pet you bring home will
  be just as sweet as any of ours have been so far." 
 "But you might aim for as close to a virgin as you can get, Father, you
  don't dare run the risk of getting one like Gabriel's girl was. The, odds of
  her passing anything to her children is just too great. And you would risk
  condemning the babes to death." 
 "That will mean that I hunt in area's less apt to carry that risk. And will
  also mean that I will be forced to alter more than just one life for this." He
  sighed. "I will have to ease my guilt with the knowledge that I will not kill
  the child. That she will have a life like none that she had ever dreamed." 
 "We have that already, Master." Mark stood to one side, Willow under his
  arm. "That isn't going to be any big thing, she gets that anyway." 
 "Yes Mark, and you had best never forget that. But this girl, she is by
  necessity, going to have to be young. And to look where I will have to look,
  I will have to run a greater risk of taking a child from her home and family.
  And this one, I will be unable to share a bond with, for the time of her gestation.
  I will have to go out of my way, to see that she is never left wondering. It,
  is going to be a difficult time for her, I understand that. And I am counting
  on you to see that she is never left alone, not even for a moment, until I
  can bond with her." 
 "Just try to keep it about fourteen or so, Master." Mark looked down blushing. "Anything
  younger than about sixteen, and I start to feel like a pervert." 
 Azrael laughed at him. Again he felt comforted by the fact that Mark was
  going to be just fine. "You! Boy do you have any idea how much older I am going
  to be than this child I go to choose?" 
 "That doesn't count. You're a vampire. I still got mortality to deal with.
  I still count things like years. I'm twenty-eight, sixteen is twelve years
  younger than I am. And for me, that begins to tug on my nerves, just a bit.
  Fifteen I could deal with, I mean, hell, she's going to have how many more
  years now that she wouldn't have had. But fourteen is about as young as I can
  swallow without getting it stuck in my throat." He held up his hands. "Not
  to say, that if you have to get one younger, that I won't do right by her,
  just fourteen is about as young as you dare go for what you are planning." 
 Azrael reached over, pulling Mark to him . *I understand. I
        promise, no younger than fourteen. I too feel like you do. Rest and remember
        I will always be proud of you. No matter what tomorrow brings, I will
        always be proud, and you will always be loved. *  
&lt;The End&gt; 
THE FIRST OF, A, SECOND RUN OF BABBLES. 
 Well, I've pulled it off again. This time, with an entire new plot, and
  a change in the characters, some new, some old, and some painfully absent.
  As, May West, said once, 'fasten your seatbelts boys, it's going to be a bumpy
  ride.' Or, something like, that. 
 Whew, had ya going there for a while didn't I. This is the first book of
  mine that I didn't know from beginning to end just how it was going to play
  out. The last bit, Torin and Sapphire; originally, they weren't part of it.
  But, after listening to everyone who has read the first three, bitch, I sort
  of gave in, and changed my plans just a little. That was why it ended, like
  it did, it's a play up into the next book. And trust me, after the one I just
  wrote, there is going to be a next book. 
 And you have no idea how hard it was for me to let David and Cain go. I
  balled like a baby, and not even the fact that Loki wasn't going to stay dead
  for long, or Crystal's arrival, stopped me from making a fool of myself over
  the keyboard. 
 I do think, Mr. Golden, Azrael is at long last up to being able to have
  a, vampiric, pissing match with Octavian. I had never thought, when I first
  started this so many years ago, that it would be anywhere near as all-consuming
  as it turned out it to be. And the research, damn, I had to place the time
  line for the crash. For the time wasted between realizing that there would
  never again be any children of the Vampyr, then their trials and errors in
  an attempt to use the closest thing to then that there was at the time. The
  type of mortal human I had to chose from, wasn't great, but I tried to work
  it out well enough with the combination of the two races. Had to deal with
  the time involved in the attempts, up to and including the mistake that they
  made, that halted all attempts for a good two hundred years. Thus Drax was
  both graceful and brutal at the same time. Trust me, I have a headache trying
  to work it all out in my head, and I know what I was looking for. To think,
  when I started this, all I wanted was some good erotica that had a plot. 
 Well, thanks to all of those that were mentioned in the first three books
  and a few more that I have stumbled over in my time writing this contraption.
  Kelly, love ya baby. I think I can put this down for a few days, don't you
  agree? Grant, yes, even if you don't tend to be interested in this kind of
  erotica, I still listed you, so there. To all of those, that, were faithful
  and put up with my never-ending babble during the work of this book. And all
  those that would help me work out some writing practice in our friendly little
  games. Thanks, bunches. 
 A final thanks, to a dear friend that lost his life during the working of
  it. David, you're missed love. It's always the good ones that get called on
  early. See, Deb, he will never be forgotten. This is as close as you come to
  being a vampire and living for eternity. As long as my words are in print,
  anywhere, he won't be forgotten. 
 And of course, my usual warning, come on folk, do I have to say it again.
  Surely by now, if you have read anything I have written so far, you know how
  I feel about taking responsibility and keeping those you love, around with
  you for a long time. A tisket, a tasket, a condom, or a casket; don't think
  I could say it any better. 
See you all in a few 
 &lt;&lt; I have to mention this, here, it was on the final day, that I was
  writing this work, that the unspeakable accrued, and terrorists took out both
  the Trade Center, and part of the Pentagon. Maybe by the end of book two, they
  will have not only found out who it was, but will have shown them Justice,
  even if it isn't vampire kind. Justice is Justice. &gt;&gt; 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Veronica Leigh Marquette


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





