BDSM Library - Dr. Moreau




Dr. Moreau
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two American Film Stars are involved in a plane crash into the jungles of Borneo. They are captured by the local natives and have to submit to some appalling treatment at their hands. (Rape, impregnation, enforced wet-nursing the tribes children, etc. Eventually, they fall into the hands of Dr Moreau, and their troubles have just begun...
THIS TALE OF FANTASY, IS LOOSLY BASED ON THE STORY AND SUSEQUENT FILM OF THE
ISLAND OF DR MOREAU. HOWEVER, THE EVENTS HEREIN, ARE NOTHING AT ALL LIKE THE
ORIGINAL TALE. THE STORY, AS IT UNFOLDS, (IT WILL BE CONTINUED AS I GET INTO
IT), CONTAINS RAPE, NC, SCAT, BDSM, INTERRACIAL, TRANSFORMATION, WS, AND ALL
SORTS OF OTHER NASTIES... THE RACIAL VIEWS HELD BY SOME OF THE CHARACTERS, ARE
NOT MY VIEWS, BUT VIEWS I'VE OBSERVED HELD BY OTHER PEOPLE... IF YOU DON'T LIKE
THE DESCRIPTIVE LIST OF STORY CONTENT, LEAVE NOW, OTHERWISE... READ ON... DON'T
SAY YOU HAVEN'T BEEN WARNED...

Dr. Moreau
4Nick8

Chapter One.



Fawn Sinclair and Anne Rodgers were the only surviving people of the dreadful
plane crash.
They had been flying to Australia from India, via Singapore, when the plane hit
difficulty flying over New Guinea.
After a terrifying series of shocks they had crashed into the dense jungle
below, the film crew, actors and flight staff losing their lives leaving just
Fawn and Anne the sole survivors.
Fawn knew that the privately hired pilot had filed a flight plan that skirted
New Guinea, due to an awkward international situation existing between them and
the western world. This flight plan was not adhered to, due to Fawn's manager
bribing the pilot to over-fly New Guinea as a time saver.
There was therefore no way anyone could have known where the plane had come
down, as radio communications had been the first system to arrest.
Fawn was to star in a film set in Melbourne Australia, with Anne and some of the
dead actors as the back up cast. Fawn was a hot selling American actress who,
till this moment, was riding high.
Now she thought with despair they were down in dense rain forest in an
inhospitable land, 1500 miles long and about 400 to 500 miles wide. What the
hell were they going to do?.
Although Fawn and Anne were nineteen and eighteen respectively, they had both
survived in the hard competitive world of  motion pictures since they were child
stars of eleven years old. They had in inbuilt instinct for self preservation
that was going to be sorely tested from now on.
Ten minutes before the crash, Rick the director, now ex-director of the film,
had told Fawn that the jungles below the plane, were inhabited by tribes of
head-hunters known as the Negritos. This didn't fill Fawn with confidence now
they were down among them.
They salvaged as much as they could from the wreckage, luckily the baggage hold
was almost undamaged.
"Wouldn't you fucking know it" hissed Fawn. "Dozens of pairs of shoes, and every
one of them high heels."  This struck the two girls as hysterically funny and
they clung to one another with nervous laughter.
Several hours then seemed to pass with neither Fawn nor Anne daring to move from
the site, in the vain hope that some message had got through.
Their hopes dwindled with the fall of night, when Anne noticed the trees around
them had taken on the human shapes of tribesmen.







The savages lost no time in overpowering Fawn and Anne. They secured their hands
behind their backs, and physically manhandled them through the dense jungle for
what seemed like hours. It took several of the natives to carry the numerous
bags and trunks that the girls had salvaged.
They eventually arrived at what seemed to be their village, and unceremoniously
dumped their human cargo in front of a large camp fire.
The two girls got their bearings and looked around. They saw two or three
hundred natives, men women and children looking curiously at them.
The whole tribe was as naked as the day they were born, the male warriors
unselfconsciously had their manhood on display, dangling loosely between their
legs. The females were completely bald and appeared to have no bodily hair
whatsoever. They were laughing and jabbing pointed sticks at their captives.
The natives presented, what was at first glance, a very frightening sight. Their
faces and in some cases their whole bodies, were covered in what appeared to be
tattoos. The girls later discovered that it was some kind of long lasting body
dye. Members of both sexes were thus adorned making them appear very
intimidating.
With their hands still tied behind their backs the two girls stood with
difficulty. They were  dishevelled and frightened. Both had dressed in India
prepared for the Australian weather, and both wore dusty lightweight costumes
with nylon stockings and inappropriate high heeled sandals.
The women of the tribe seemed to find them uproariously funny. They prodded and
poked at the girls and derived much amusement from their unusual western
fashions
Fawn felt one of the youngsters feeling at her nylon clad legs and glanced down
in alarm. The child, a young female, was fascinated by the smoothness of her
nylon stockings. As Fawn gazed helplessly the child pushed the thin skirt up her
legs.
Unable to do anything about it Fawn watched as the child forced the skirt up
over her silk clad hips. It came to rest hoisted at her waist revealing her
flimsy underwear for the tribe to snigger at.
Hot tears ran down her face as the laughter and screams from the women and
children deafened her. The young girl was curiously pulling and snapping at the
garter-snaps securing her stockings.
Her attention went to Fawn's blue silk panties, and she ran her small hand over
the smooth front. Fawn closed her knees together as she felt the girls hand pass
to and fro over the vaginal mound under her panties.
The girl's small hand gripped and pinched her upper thigh fiercely till Fawn was
forced to part her legs. Fawn shuddered as the small hand slipped inside the leg
of her knickers to caress her smooth shaven vulva, passing over Fawn's 
sensitive labial lips.
Encouraged by the child's behaviour another child, this time a boy, approached
Anne.
Fawn stared impotently as the other child pushed Anne's skirt up her beautiful
legs till Anne's stockings and garters came into view. The boy pushed the skirt
further up over her hips, exposing Anne's  mint green French knickers.
Anne was sobbing and crying as the youth plunged his hand under the loose leg
band of the panties.
The girl molesting Fawn had now found the hole of her love cleft and was
fingering her clitoris. Fawn discovered to her shame that she was becoming wet.
She knew that it was a combination of the girls manipulation and the sight of
Anne's plight, that brought on her own sexual excitement.
The boy had now discovered how to pull Anne's panties down, and he tugged them
over her creamy white belly to her ankles.
Fawn gazed at her friends bare shaven vagina. With the two of them in the film
business, it was policy to shave away their pubic hair so none showed in risqu�
scenes.
The women howled with delight as the boy made Anne step out of her knickers and
threw them to the crowd.
Fawn's knees were bending and trembling as she felt the girl's fingers agitating
her clitoris. She saw the boy's small penis was now erect. He couldn't have been
more than ten, and he was in a state of sexual stimulation at the sight of her
friend's nakedness.
Fawn was also in a state of sexual excitement viewing Anne's degradation. She
felt her own panties being slipped down off her bottom.
Fawn had a sudden overwhelming compulsion to display her wet arousal to these
aborigines, and waited almost impatiently for the girl to strip off her
knickers.
Pulling Fawn's' panties down to her trim ankles the girl made her step out of
them. This Fawn did willingly, spreading her nylon clad legs and baring her
pouting wet cunt for them all to see.
Fawn saw two of the tribes-women  laughing as they tried on the girls panties
Meanwhile Fawn saw that the young boy had inserted his penis into Anne's hole.
Anne was now lying on her back and screaming. The boy came quickly and withdrew
from Anne's vagina, leaving her sobbing and gasping. Her  legs were spread wide
and his semen was dripping from her bared slit.
Fawn found the sight wildly erotic and started to gasp herself.
It was then that the men of the tribe returned and dragged the girls away to a
lone tree out of sight of the village. Another large fire was built there
shedding light on the scene  Fawn saw two vine like ropes hanging from one of
the branches of the tree.
With their skirts jammed around their waists, the girls were forced under the
ropes.
Anne was made to kneel whilst Fawn stood and watched.
The men attached one of the ropes to her bound wrists and yanked it tight over
the branch, causing the sobbing Anne to pitch forward, thrusting her bare
backside upwards.
He then forced Anne's knees wide apart, and jammed a hollow cane in between them
with a thin rope running through it. This he bound round her knees on either
side opening wide the cheeks of Anne's bottom.
Anne remained weeping in this position as Fawn was made to kneel alongside her.
Fawn was made to open her knees as they secured another cane between them and
yanked her arms up.
The two girls looked at each other, their faces almost touching and their
posteriors naked and vulnerable. Fawn could feel the eyes of the tribe examining
her nakedness, a cool breeze playing around her bared backside.
They heard sounds behind them and Anne gasped "I'm being fucked again."  Sure
enough one of the native men was inserting his member into Anne.
Fawn moved her face across and gently kissed Anne on the lips to comfort her.
"Ooh Fawn" cried Anne. "Kiss me again. Keep on kissing me. Take my mind off
this... this... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh..."
Fawn continued kissing Anne as she felt her own bottom being invaded. This went
on for what seemed like hours. Sometimes the men missed Fawn's vagina, thrusting
painfully into her anus. Even then Fawn climaxed several times as they were
group raped.
They were then left in this undignified position till daybreak, Anne crying
whilst Fawn kissed her consolingly.







The morning saw the two young ladies in the same position, arms aching and their
two white bottoms jutting up into the air.
"Well, well. What have we here?" came a cultured voice. "Two nice white asses
ready to fuck. You're English are you?."
The girls were overwhelmed with relief as they saw a tall black man. He was
stripped to the waist revealing a heavily muscled body. Incongruously he was
carrying a video camera, (throughout the whole time of their enforced
acquaintance the man would film the two girls at whim. The girls would come to
accept this habitual filming as part and parcel of the whole artificial
experience).
"N... No we're American" gasped Anne. "P... please release us. We've been raped
by these horrible people."
"I'm afraid I am one of these 'horrible people' as you so kindly put it" the
voice said. "I've been brought in to translate. I'm the only one of the tribe to
have had any contact with you horrible people in the outside world. You may call
me Maximilian, Max for short. I was in New York a few years ago. I used to be a
crewman on a tanker.
"But you have to release us. I have to p... pee" wailed Anne.
"Then I'm afraid you'll have to pee right here" said Max. It's what's known as
roughing it."
Anne glanced tearfully at Fawn. To encourage her Fawn whispered, "It's OK
darling. I'll do it as well."
Fawn didn't need any urging. She had been waiting to urinate for two or three
hours by this time. She felt her bladder release and the hot gush of her pee hit
the ground. At the same time she heard a gasp as Anne's pee joined Fawn's in a
growing river.
Max stood back watching the two white women with delight. 'What a sight' he
thought. 'Two white women behaving just like the bitches they are'. He looked
between their spread legs as the girls pee splashed onto the ground. Steam was
rising from the increasing pool they were knelt in.
When the flow trickled to a stop, Fawn could feel it soaking through what
remained of her nylons.
"You'll both be pleased to know that I've salvaged all the baggage and trunks.
The wreckage is gone. I've  set fire to it. That means there's no way you're
ever going to get out of here without my help. In your world now that makes me a
very important person to you both, so I'd be as nice to me as possible."
Fawn listened to this rhetoric with a sinking heart. It was no less than she
expected but it did her no good to hear it confirmed.
"Do you know who we are?," she said in a muffled voice, they were still in the
kneeling crouch. "You should get a good reward for us if you can get word out.
We're very famous film actresses and our studio would be very generous."
On hearing this Max released the ropes holding them to the tree. He then cut the
bindings on their wrists and untied the dehumanising canes between their knees.
He examined their faces closely as they stood up shakily and pulled their skirts
down.
Fawn noticed a huge pile of trunks and luggage stacked nearby. The natives had
salvaged the baggage of the whole crew plus the wardrobe for the up-coming film.
"I know you," Max said to Fawn. "Your Fawn Sinclair. I'm afraid I don't know
this other young lady though."
"That's Anne Rodgers. She's also a big star. You should get a lot of money for
us."
Fawn was desperately selling the idea as Max didn't appear too interested. He
looked to be in his late forties and wore a cut off pair of old jeans, as
opposed to the other members of the tribes unashamed nudity.
"I don't think I want to know how much money your worth," said Max. "I've got
everything I need right here in my village."
Resigned to his immediate disinterest in money, Fawn vowed to work on him in
other ways later.
From a small bundle he had brought with him Max produced two leather collars.
They looked remarkably like dog collars to Fawn, and Max beckoned to the girls.
"You have been placed in my charge, luckily for you. Put these round your
necks." In total humiliation, the two film actresses secured the collars around
their necks. Long leads were attached to them which Max took charge of.
"Another thing ladies," he added. "Before I take you back through the village
your going to have to remove your skirts. The only thing that saved your lives
back there, was the fact that you were shaved down there. Only the men in the
tribe are allowed to grow hair. Take them off and I'll carry them."
"What the hell" said Fawn resignedly. They've seen it all. We might as well do
it."
She turned to Anne and presented her hip to her to allow Anne to unzip her
skirt.
Anne undid Fawn's skirt and allowed it to fall to the ground. Anne then unzipped
her own skirt and took it off. The two girls were again bared from the waist
down, with just their tattered stockings and high heel on. Fawn supposed they
were lucky they weren't completely naked. If only she had known what was to
come.
Max led the two semi-naked girls through the village, holding the leads dangling
from the two collars. The women and children of the tribe all gathered to laugh
and snigger at this new diversion.







Max led them to a substantial looking cabin on the other side of the village. It
appeared to have several rooms and the luxury of a front porch.
Upon investigation the two were pleased to discover a rudimentary shower. It was
tapped from a small tributary river in an impressively ingenious way. Max
allowed them to use this facility and then sort through their luggage to salvage
their toiletries and clothing.
The girls were to be thankful for the numerous packets of nylon stockings.
Although they couldn't keep out a mosquito bite, they seemed to keep the insects
off their legs altogether.
The food was plentiful but basic, and the only drink available was a kind of
Kava. Max warned them that the tribe used this drink as a kind of aphrodisiac.
They used some kind of tree bark to make it. However it was the only thing
around fit to drink, although it was very alcoholic. (As the months went by the
two would drink nothing but this concoction, becoming addicted as time passed,
their sexual feelings developing drastically)...
Three weeks passed by Fawn's reckoning. The days spent trying to keep cool on
the porch, and the evenings endeavouring to forget about their predicament,
drinking Kava and becoming slightly tipsy. Max watched with interest as both
Fawn and Anne found themselves starting to feel more sensuous and frustrated.
Max enjoyed watching the girls dress up and parade around for him. They had all
the film's extensive wardrobe and he made them dress seductively for him. There
were never any overt sexual moves from Max. He just seemed to enjoy watching.
Fawn was determined to please him as he was their only hope of ever getting back
to civilization.
One stipulation was the collars. Max told them he had brought them back from
Australia along with the long chain leads, with the intention of tethering the
tribes hunting animals. He told the girls they had to wear them at all times.
Whatever it was in the "Kava" Fawn knew that it was making her feel very
lascivious.
One evening, giving Max his usual 'fashion parade' and drinking the stuff, Fawn
caught a fleeting glimpse of just the tops of Anne's stockings. This seemed to
have an electric effect on her.
Anne, who was sitting opposite Fawn, noticed the look and she smiled at her
shyly. Since they had been working together Anne had developed a school-girlish
crush on Fawn, not reciprocated until now.
Anne played on Fawn's obvious desire as the evening wore on. Allowing Fawn long
lingering glimpses of her more intimate areas.
She sat in front of Fawn and allowed her skirt to ride up over the tops of her
nylons, coyly glancing at her friend as she parted her legs.
Fawn could see the narrow band of Anne's panties, barely covering her smooth
shaved vagina. Glancing swiftly at Max, Anne placed her hand on her tummy and
moved the gusset to one side through her thin skirt. Fawn thought she would
explode. Delightful Anne was blatantly baring her wet slit to her. It was
obvious that the Kava was having the same effect on the demure girl.
At Max's urging the two girls danced with each other, Fawn holding Anne close
and feeling her sweet breath on her cheek.
'My God" she thought. 'I can feel the goddamn moisture practically running down
my thighs!'
She held Anne closer and kissed her gently on the mouth.
Anne reacted almost immediately, opening her mouth and sucking Fawn's tongue in.
She then took Fawn's hand and let it rest on her small breast.
Anne pulled her head back and looked lovingly at Fawn. "Strip me naked and fuck
me Fawn darling" she gasped. "Fuck me with your fingers."
Fawn felt Anne's young pliable breast under her hand sending her into a dizzy
ecstasy. She squeezed it cruelly and Anne gasped, looking at Fawn in trusting
adoration.
"Do it" urged Anne desperately. "Do it now. Here in front of Max. Hurt me."
Fawn could see that Anne was frantic for sexual release and decided to tease
her.
She stroked Anne's slightly swelling belly through her smart lightweight skirt.
Anne groaned, her beautiful face contorting in frustration.
Fawn continued to stroke the front of Anne's skirt in a tormenting fashion. "Do
you like that you beautiful bitch?" Fawn said, licking her gorgeous pouting red
lips. "Tell me how much you want me, how you'd like to see my tits and cunt.
Tell me what you would do for me and to me. How you'd like to see me. Come on
Anne god-dammit, tell me."
Anne was panting with desire by now, her knees trembling and buckling.
"Ooh Fawn" gasped Anne. "Can I really see your bare tits and cunt?. I want you
to see and touch mine. I'll do anything for you. I'll be your bitch. Strip me
now in front of Max and I'll do anything for you darling. I'll be as dirty as
you want. I... I...  love you."  She was feverishly rubbing her small breasts
through the thin lacy blouse she had donned for the fashion show.
Fawn was caressing and massaging Anne's tummy through the thin skirt. A small
patch of dampness was showing through as Anne heaved and panted.
"Oh yes" breathed Fawn, her own voice trembling with craving. "You will play
dirty games for me. You recall how we both pissed like two bitches together?."
Wearing the dog collars heightened the feelings in Fawn, that they were just two
bitches in heat.
Anne nodded frantically  "Yes, yes Fawn. Do you want me to do it again?. I will
for you sweetheart."  She was being taken to the limit by Fawn.
"All in good time you bitch. One of these nights I'm going to have you dressed
up really formally with all your make-up on. Then I'll make you stand in front
of an audience and just pee your pants for them all to see" whispered Fawn,
sliding her hand up Anne's quivering legs, the smooth nylon soft to her touch.
Anne shivered in delight at the thought.
Fawn's fingers reached the top of Anne's legs. The leg band was still pulled to
one side, and Fawn lightly touched Anne's wet labia.
"Ooh Fawn" Anne whimpered. "Fuck me. Fuck me please."  She tried to push herself
down on Fawn's fingers but Fawn teasingly withdrew them.
By now she was frantic as Fawn said "If you were willing to let Max watch, you
should let the whole village see you, shouldn't you bitch."
"Yes Fawn" sobbed Anne, now beside herself with passion. "I told you I'd do
anything for you."
"Well I want you to let them all see what a bitch on heat you are" said Fawn.
Yearning to see the desirable Anne deprave herself again.
"Max could you take us out?. She'll piss like bitch on heat in front of the
village. OK Max?." 
"Oh yes" Max replied. He knew this moment had been coming if he waited patiently
enough. The Kava always worked. What Fawn didn't know was that she would also be
performing for them all as well.
Max went outside and got one of the children to gather the rest of the village
together. He then led the two girls out by their collars.
Standing in front of the gathered curious crowd Fawn looked lustfully at Anne
and said. "On your knees bitch."
Anne knelt dutifully in front of Fawn whilst the villagers delighted at this new
diversion.
Fawn thought Anne looked charming, knelt humbly in front of her, her beautiful
face looking adoringly at Fawn.
"Take off your fucking clothes then and let them all see."
"Aren't you going to do it with me?." gasped Anne, now visibly palpitating with
desire.
"All in due course" snapped Fawn, determined to dominate. "Just strip you slut."
Anne's trembling fingers went to the small pearl buttons of her blouse. She
unbuttoned it and slipped it off her creamy shoulders.
A dozen hands went out from the gathered women to grab the item. Anne allowed
one of the women to take it as she fumbled with the catch of her light blue
brassiere. The cups fell away revealing her lovely small breasts tipped with
pale pink nipples.
Her tight wrap around skirt came off next leaving Anne in just high heels,
nylons, panties and garters. Unclipping her garters Anne took off the belt and
skinned her stockings down her legs with difficulty, removing her dainty high
heel at the same time.
Fawn watched as the village women fought over possession of Anne's clothes. "Now
your knickers" she managed to breathe out, pure lust running through her.
Anne, now crying, pushed her knickers over her perfect bottom and down her legs.
Pulling them off her ankles, she knelt naked in front of the crowd.
"Right bitch" said Fawn, taking Anne's lead from Max and leading her to the
nearest tree. Anne crawled on the dusty ground behind her, her little breasts
bobbing and her bare bottom swaying.
"Be a good little bitch and mark out your territory" commanded Fawn.
Anne obediently lifted her leg at the side of the tree. Fawn stood a little to
one side and could see Anne's pink slit widen as she raised her leg. She watched
with growing excitement as a stream of pee rushed out of Anne's shaven cunt,
splashing against the tree and running off into the ground.
Anne  was sobbing with humiliation as she urinated vigorously.
When Anne had dribbled to a stop Fawn said. "What do all good doggies do to the
chief bitch then Anne?. They lick the chief bitches private parts don't they?."
Anne lowered her leg, thankful that at last she could pay homage to the object
of her desire, who the world's press corps had voted 'The Most Beautiful Woman
in the World.'
The villagers, having no comprehension of these Western concepts, just knew Max
had enslaved the girls to the village. The white tribes-women may be
sophisticated, but they didn't know Maximilian and his preparations for breaking
down all inhibitions. They had delighted in his potions for years and he'd
delivered the two white women as promised.
Fawn ordered Anne to crawl across to her. Fawn wore a white sleeveless blouse, a
knee length fifties style flowered skirt, flounced out with stiffened
petticoats, high heeled sandals and stockings.
Fawn looked at Anne's tearful, pretty face staring up at her from her kneeling
position.
"Under my skirt Anne. Under my skirt like the gorgeous little bitch you are."
Anne held Fawn's legs behind her knees and ducked her head under her skirt and
petticoats. Fawn could feel Anne's  hard nipples brushing her legs as she slid
her head up to Fawn's hot vagina.
Fawn went weak at the knees as she felt Anne's hot breath on the front of her
silk panties. The laughing women were just a blur to her as she pressed the
outside of her skirt, holding Anne's head and pressing her lips to her throbbing
cunt.
Her legs trembled as she felt Anne's tongue probing under the leg band of her
knickers. Anxious now to bare herself as Anne was to the grinning savages, Fawn
beckoned to the young boy who had been sexually aroused and fucked Anne on their
first day.
She was panting as he joined her, her legs buckling as she savoured Anne's
probing tongue. Fawn put out a trembling hand and took hold of his semi-erect
penis. Tenderly manipulating his cock, she reached  over Anne's back with her
other hand and parted the cheeks of her bare ass.
Fawn felt for the tight puckered hole of Anne's anus and guided the boys penis
into it  Anne gasped with shock, and her body stiffened at this outrage to her
body.
Fawn watched as the boy buggered Anne, his stiff cock thrusting in and out of
her tight bottom.
"Right Fawn" Max commanded. "The villagers are waiting for you to take off your
clothes. You must understand that, to them, you are both lower than the village
dogs."
"What does that make us?. The village bitches?" inquired Fawn, feeling more
lascivious than she had ever felt before.
She undid the zip on the side of her summer skirt. It slipped down to cover Anne
like a shroud. Hooking her fingers into the elastic waistband of her slip, she
pushed it down to join her skirt.
Anne pulled both garments off Fawn's legs, revealing her lower body with her
panties dragged to one side.
The women of the tribe again fought over the possession of Fawn's apparel as, on
the command of Max, Anne wrenched Fawn's knickers, garter belt and stockings
down her legs.
Fawn slipped out of her shoes as Anne pulled these garments off, leaving Fawn
naked from the waist down. Panting Fawn glanced down at her bare vagina. The
inner pink lips of her labia were jutting out from her wet slit.
The boy was still fucking Anne's bottom as she awkwardly stripped Fawn of her
clothing. Anne found it impossible to reach Fawn's blouse in her kneeling
position so Max ordered Fawn to squat.
Crouching down, Fawn faced Anne, her legs wide apart and her cunt throbbing and
naked. Anne reached out and ripped Fawn's blouse open. In the throes of her
painful debasement Anne clawed at the blouse, ripping it off Fawn's back to
reveal a scanty lime green brassiere.
Feeling the boys spunk entering her anal passage, Anne desperately clutched at
the thin strap between the small cups and ripped it open, spilling Fawn's small
breasts out for all to see.
"And that's the way you'll both be from now on if you're outside the cabin. The
only place you'll put any clothes on, apart from your dog collars, will be
indoors. The villagers will expect you both to be deferential in their presence,
and you'll be just that. If any male of the tribe wants to mount you you'll
comply passively. If any female or child of the tribe wants you to carry out any
task you'll do it. I will allow you both to wear shoes as the ground is deadly
if your not used to it. You will be completely naked apart from that. Understand
this, no one is looking for you. The whole world thinks you died in the crash so
you've got to accept your position here. They're the basic rules you'll have to
live by."
Fawn and Anne listened with dismay and a strange kind of satisfied resignation
to Max. They were now so much under his control that their first desire was to
satisfy him. Their own needs and aspirations were relegated to second place for
them from here on in...

To be continued...




The following fiction is intended for ADULT AUDIENCES ONLY. Please do read only
if you are legally considered of adult age, are not offended by extreme content
and your community's standards permit such material.

(c)2002 4Nick8 Rufdeal@aol.com

Chapter Two.


Max led Fawn and Anne back to the bungalow, still tethered by the leads attached
to the dog collars around their necks. This time however he made them crawl
naked on all fours in front of the whole tribe.
He reiterated the new rules when they were back in the bungalow with the
stipulation that, from now on, they would leave the cabin daily.
"That means I want the pair of you naked and out there every day. It's time for
you both to add something to the tribe. Your both pretty useless as far as
practical things are concerned. You can and will, however, add to the gene pool
of the people by getting pregnant as soon as possible."
They listened in growing horror and dismay as he went on. "If one or both of you
fails to become pregnant in the next month or two, you'll be turned out and made
to fend for yourselves. I'd give you possibly two weeks at the most of surviving
in the jungle."
Max wouldn't allow either of the girls to dress for the rest of the day. They
wandered disconsolately round the bungalow with just their high heeled sandals
and dog collars on, mulling over this latest bombshell.
"I don't even know what turns these savages on" sighed Fawn, never giving any
consideration to the enormity and implications of Max's brain-washing over the
past few weeks. Indeed the two girls seemed to be permanently on heat and would
welcome any sexual liaison that offered itself.
Fawn looked at Anne's shaven vagina and saw with excitement that it was
glistening and seeping with translucent juice. Glancing down at herself Fawn
could see that she was in much the same condition. It couldn't be long before
they both had some relief.
Fawn tentatively caressed her lower tummy and gave a little gasp as she was
rewarded with a small gush of liquid. She bent at the waist and caressed herself
more vigorously between her legs. Anne watched with anxious sexual tension as
Fawn masturbated between her thighs, her fingers wet and shining with hot sticky
come.
The two slept in each others arms that night, apprehensively waiting for what
the following  day would bring.





The following morning seemed as normal. Both girls dressing in one of their many
outfits and lazily carrying out their few household tasks.
However just after mid-day Max, true to his word, said to them. "OK. It's time
to undress and get out into the village to allow our young men to prove their
manhood. I'd suggest that you comply entirely with anything they want. They've
been told that your ready to breed."
Max made them undress on the patio of the cabin in front of quite a large
audience of grinning native boys, the eldest being not much older than thirteen.
Finally, blushing in shame and completely bare save the collars and high heeled
sandals, the girls stepped off the boards of the patio onto the hot dusty path
in front of the native boys.
The little savages surveyed the two film stars with their exotic make-up and
perfectly coiffured hair. They stood naked and exposed for the jabbering boys,
not attempting to conceal their small breasts or their swollen wet cunts.
Fawn shuddered slightly with eagerness as one small boy no older than nine ran
his little black hand over her tender labial lips.
She opened her legs to allow the lad to explore her wet inner vagina, gasping
and trembling as his rough probing triggered off a series of sexual explosions
inside her.
As Fawn urged him on she could hear Anne gasping and giving out small 'Uh, uh'
sounds. Glancing across at Anne, Fawn could see that her friend had attracted
four or five of the children. Fawn watched with mounting ardour as the gorgeous
girl, her beautiful face contorted with craving, was rubbing the boy standing
directly in front of her. Her slim white fingers were clutching his small black
penis and frantically stroking it. The boy was no more than nine yet his member
was stiff and erect as he gazed in awe at Anne's small white breasts tipped with
pretty pink nipples.
    Squatting swiftly in front of the boy, her thighs parting to bare her wet
slit for him to see, Anne took the boy's small prick into her mouth. Her cheeks
hollowed inwards as she sucked him, her two hands feeling around and grasping
two of the other boy's small erect shafts.
Fawn could feel her own small band of admirers tentatively touching her naked
white flesh. She shivered in delight as one of the boys curiously ran his rough
fingers over her hairless labial lips, allowing them to open and close and
giving them momentary glimpses of her small pink clitoris. He suddenly thrust
his fingers roughly into her well lubricated slit, causing Fawn to gasp with
pain and pleasure.
As her legs buckled and straightened in rhythm with the youth's lunges Fawn saw
that Anne was now on her knees,  one of the boys fucking her from the rear
whilst the others were waiting patiently for their turn. She was still
industriously sucking one of the other boys hard black prick, traces of semen
running down her peach coloured cheeks.
Fawn immediately knelt down and bent over. She took hold of the penis of the boy
who was fingering her and introduced it to her bare backside. She drew a sharp
inward breath as he mistakenly pushed his small slim prick into the hollow of
her anus. Feeling behind her Fawn pulled his cock out of the tight hole and
reintroduced it to her slippery cunt. She felt her stomach muscles contracting
as she tried to suck the little lads slim member further inside herself.
'This shouldn't be happening' she thought crazily. 'Me. The Worlds Most
Desirable Woman allowing some fucking little aborigine to screw me and loving
it'. It finally dawned on her that Anne and herself were being fed something,
but she was too far gone to care about it.
First one then another of the boys mounted and fucked both girls as the long
afternoon went by. Fawn's desire never waned. Her ardour in fact increased as
she was mounted by a succession of scruffy native boys. Anne seemed to be of the
same mind, screaming and sobbing in turn as she was fucked and buggered
alternately. The boys seemed to like pushing their small pricks into Anne's ass
and eventually Fawn allowed them to do the same to her. She refined the
technique, sitting on one boys hard little penis while another pushed his into
her cunt from the front.
'What a fucking scoop this would be for the tabloids' she thought. 'Fawn
Sinclair and Anne Rogers getting fucked rotten by a succession of dirty little
savages. Especially this human sandwich'. Fawn thrust her body down onto the two
boys, sobbing with frustration.





This situation went on for days. The days turned into weeks and still the two
girls were used as breeding machines, getting fucked long and hard every day by
the young males of the tribe.
Both Fawn and Anne knew that Max's breeding policy was working as they'd
discovered to their chagrin that they were both pregnant. At first when they
both discovered their condition, both girls were utterly repulsed by their
pregnancies. Neither of them were cut out to be natural mothers. Their to date
utterly self-indulgent lifestyles and the glamourous mass adoration they'd
gotten used to, left both girls totally devastated by the body destroying
symptoms they were now undergoing.
'My God!" Fawn thought in horror. 'Not only is it going to totally despoil my
pretty figure. It belongs to God knows who. It could be any of these little...
little... niggers!!!" All of Fawn's socially acceptable, liberal manners were
now forgotten as she came to terms with the horrible situation, the small
developing foetus lying malevolently in her distended belly like an unwanted
little black alien.
The discovery had come to both girls after what must have been a couple of
months constant sexual abuse by the boys and youths of the tribe. It had to be
called sexual abuse thought Fawn, as they must have been given some form of
drug. Neither of them were ever as desperate so as to continually seek
gratification from these unwashed savages. Not one of the little bastards much
over twelve either.
Strangely the fact that the girls had missed their menstruation periods was
treated by them quite lightly after awhile. They had come to fatalistically 
resign themselves to the reality that they would be in the situation they were
in for months, and even years. Sheer survival pointed up to them that they had
to conform with the tribes lifestyle and try somehow to surface on top.
They didn't tell Max at first, not seeing any advantage in the situation, and
everything in their now very restricted lives came down to the mental gymnastics
of 'advantage' and 'disadvantage', like a game of tennis applied to a very real,
and ghastly situation. After they were well into their fifth month of pregnancy
however it became pretty apparent.
Fawn was getting dressed one morning, the mornings being the time that Max still
allowed them to do this, and found that she was having great difficulty getting
into her skirt. Max suddenly came into their bedroom.
"Just a minute" he said as Fawn tried to hide her struggle from him. "Drop that
skirt."
She allowed the skirt to fall to her ankles and stood in front of Max in her
brassiere and panties. She resigned herself to the fact that he would quickly
diagnose her condition.
Fawn looked down at the sight Max was now eyeing. Her tummy was visibly swollen
below the cups of her embroidered lacy brassiere and protruding out over the
elastic top of her delicate pink knickers.
Max looked at her silently. "Well Fawn?" he said questioningly. "Push them
down."
Fawn slid the panties off her distended stomach, pushing them half way down her
thighs and letting them rest there. Without waiting for any further instructions
from Max, Fawn opened her legs slightly to restrict them from slipping down any
more.
Glancing down at herself once more Fawn was disturbed to discover that her belly
button was showing increasing signs of protrusion, sticking out from her abdomen
in what she thought was an unsightly and slightly grotesque fashion. The wet
orifice between her legs was also gaping more than before, throbbing under his
studied scrutiny.
At that moment Anne walked in from the makeshift shower, a white towel wrapped
round her. She stopped and gazed at the tableau and Max reached out and whisked
the towel away from her.
"Much the same condition I see" he remarked, taking in Anne's swelling stomach
and developing breasts. "Take your tits out" he said, directing this instruction
to Fawn.
Fawn scooped the burgeoning breasts out of her dainty brassiere, the aureoles
now turning brown were larger, and her nipples more sensitive and distended.
"It's time for you two finally to become part of the tribe" Max said, undoing
the dog collars from around their necks.
Unsure of the advantages or disadvantages the girls resigned themselves to this
new direction.





With the now weary fatalism born out of their captivity and subsequent
dependence, Fawn and Anne dully listened as Max explained what would now be
expected of them.
"From now on you'll do as the tribeswomen do. You'll not be wearing any clothes.
You will be shaved completely bald and decorated as the tribeswomen, none of
your western make-up. You'll carry out the women's work and obey the males at
all times. You will be shaved and initiated today. Is that understood?."
Digesting this fresh information the two of them nodded helplessly, tears
flooding both their eyes. They faced at least the near future with the natives,
and had pragmatically decided between themselves, to make the best  of the
situation.
Max had Fawn take off her brassiere and panties. Fawn did so with reluctant
regret, not knowing when she'd ever be able to dress again.
He then had the two of them squat naked in front of him while he took a razor
sharp hunting knife and proceeded to hack their beautiful hair off.
Fawn was first. In a broken, but still sevicable mirror salvaged from the
aircraft wreakage, Fawn looked on in despair as Max hacked off her sumptuous
long dark brown hair.
After chopping off the longest of her hair, leaving Fawn with a very short crew
cut, he honed the knife on a leather belt.
Fawn gazed into the broken mirror with tear streaked cheeks as Max lathered the
stubble and carefully shaved her skull clean. He inspected Fawn's completely
bald head on completion and briskly rubbed an oily compound over the smooth
results.
"This isn't a depilatory oil" Max explained. "I had it analysed in New York and
was told it's more of an inhibitor. Anyway it's what the tribeswomen use to
prevent their hair growing again. You'll use it every two or three days."
When he'd finished with Fawn he repeated the process with Anne and the two bald
girls tearfully examined themselves when he'd done.
Now that all their hair was shorn it made the girls appear doubly vulnerable and
bare. Since the time they'd crashed the two had caught the blazing sun. After
initially burning, their fair skins had tanned a deep brown, now shockingly
contrasting their white skulls as though they had close cropped platinum hair.
Sobbing bitterly, the tearful pair hugged each other, their growing plump
stomachs pressed comfortingly against each other as their small hands clutched
each others naked buttocks. Anne clawing at Fawn's bare cheeks as if she were
drowning, and Fawn heaving with belly and tit jiggling sobs.
Separating the pair, Max made each one sit in front of him again as he skilfully
applied the long lasting body paint to their tear streaked faces and blossoming
bodies. He gave special emphasis to the intricate designs on their newly
swelling breasts and tummies.
The girls again inspected themselves in the salvaged mirror when he'd finished,
quite shocked with the effect the tattoos had of making them appear very much
like the native girls.
He'd extended the painted tattoos over the pale whiteness of their bare skulls,
covering the newly exposed baldness quite effectively...





Max had more shocks in store for the two. The very same day they had to go with
the rest of the tribeswomen into the fields a little way removed from the
encampment. There, to Fawn's amazement, they were employed weeding and
cultivating plants, some of which Fawn recognized as various types of drugs,
marijuana, cannabis, and the ubiquitous common wild poppy, the source of heroin
and cocaine.
It was backbreaking work that the two had never been subjected to before. Day in
and day out the girls worked under the scorching sun, their skins becoming
indistinguishable from the tribeswomen, and their once beautifully kept hands
becoming hard and calloused, their elegant fingernails breaking off to the quick
and ingrained with dirt. They became too tired to bother about the petty
vanities that had preoccupied them, when they had the whole world admiring their
loveliness.
Deprived of even the concession of their shoes, the girls feet hardened to
withstand the rocky, sandy ground they trekked daily. Sheer necessity obliged
them to quickly learn more than just the rudiments of the native tongue and soon
they found themselves conversing reasonably fluently with the other women.
As the weeks passed Fawn noticed her belly was growing at an alarming rate. She
kept checking her enormous paunch with dismay, noticing that Anne was in much
the same condition. Their tattooed breasts were by now swollen with milk and
were lactating freely as they laboured in the fields.
Although they didn't sleep in the main village, they no longer slept in their
room in Max's cabin. Max now had them sleeping under the front porch, much like
the village dogs Fawn reflected bitterly.
One evening after a particularly gruelling day, the girls were crawling tiredly
under the stoop when Max once more noticed their advanced gravid condition.
Although they had about two months to go, both girls were gigantic. Their milk
filled breasts now drooped down on each side of their rib cages, lacteal fluid
discharging from their large brown stiffened nipples each time the insides of
their arms brushed against them.   
Max could hardly believe they were the same two glamorous stars who were the
fantasy of men all round the globe. He made them pose and stand in front of him
while he carried out a closer inspection. Fawn and Anne stood fearfully as he
looked at the huge protuberance each of them thrust out obscenely in front of
them. Max made them take hold of their bulging fat tummies and hold them up for
his inspection.
Holding out her huge belly Fawn noticed that both Anne and herself had lost the
neat little belly buttons they once had. What had replaced them were ugly things
that stuck out from their ballooning paunches like small thumbs. She saw also
that Anne's vagina like her own was wet and prominent, protruding out below
Anne's swollen stomach, her glistening clitoris couched by two outstanding
labial lips. Gone were the taut shaven little clefts the girls once had. They'd
taken to applying the inhibiting oil to their pubic mounds and armpits, leaving
these areas like the tribeswomen, unnaturally naked of hair, gaping open,
glistening, and constantly available. It was the ultimate wet dream of every
hetrosexual man in the Western World who'd ever visited the movies these past
ten years.
They'd obeyed his instructions to apply the oil to their bald skulls which now
gleamed with a natural nakedness only broken by the tattoos Max renewed on a
weekly basis. Their large tits sagged down on either side in a classic third
world fashion, seen on all the documentaries that featured constantly on the
natural world channels. They seeped liquid freely as they nakedly trembled under
his keen scrutiny. Their dainty little pink nipples were now large and distended
and, where the crude paintwork of the tattoos didn't cover, could be discerned
large brown aureoles surrounding the leaking tips.
Fawn was only half aware that she had started to urinate for fear of even
harsher work that he may mete out to them. The pee streamed down her dark brown
legs to gather in the dust under her hardened feet. Both of them now had come to
the tribeswomen's attitude of urinating where they stood, saving only defecation
to be carried out in privacy. They were, to all intents and purposes, virtually
indistinguishable from the other downtrodden women of the tribe.
Max decided to humiliate them even further, ensuring his power over their lives
would be unquestioned by them.
"Stand out there on the patio where everyone can see you" he commanded them
craftily, disappearing into the cabin to re-emerge with some of their former
wardrobe.
"I'll show you how far away from your Western World you are now" he said,
ordering them to dress in the expensive garments that he'd brought out for them.
When the girls had selected and dressed with some difficulty Max, who by this
time had produced the inevitable video camera and had summonsed other members of
the tribe to view them with amusement, made them put on a show at his directions
for the small group.
Max possessed an ancient wind up record player, and he made the two girls dance
together to old 1940s vintage records, much to the amusement of the small,
laughing and jeering audience.
Fawn was made to embrace Anne and teeter about on the large patio on her
unaccustomed high heels. Both Fawn and Anne's feet had become much broader and
they'd had to select strap over high heeled sandals to accommodate them. Fawn
had chosen an elasticised top grey skirt, (none of the dresses fitted her), with
a grey jacket over a white blouse. She'd managed to button the blouse with some
difficulty. Max had made them wear wigs and put on cosmetics.
Fawn looked into Anne's beautiful face. Anne's china blue eyes looked tearfully
back at Fawn, dark green eye-shadow incongruously contrasting the crude tattoos
that covered most of her face and body. Her lips, like Fawn's, were painted with
a light crimson gloss lipstick and were trembling mostly with fear. There was
however a growing feeling of lust, as they pressed their fat bellies together.
Anne had managed to pull on one of the larger "shift" dresses from the film sets
wardrobe. The trouble was the dress was so tight over her enlarged stomach that
it pulled the hem at the front out and up, ending at the top of her legs and
revealing the her knickers and garters and nylons that Max had made them wear.
"Caress each other. Kiss each other!" coaxed Max.
Fawn fumbled for Anne's crotch under her large distended tummy, feeling her damp
cunt through the fragile panties. She looked down at Anne's hand clawing Fawn's
own skirt up her trembling legs, and felt her knees buckle as she widened the
tops of her thighs to allow Anne's sweet fingers access to her hot cleft.
Gasping and panting the two girls passionately kissed each other on Max's
orders, Fawn thrusting her eager tongue into Anne's open mouth and sucking
Anne's tongue into her own in return.
"Get each other to urinate" instructed Max, thoroughly enjoying this latest
humiliation he was subjecting the girls to.
"Anne darling" whispered Fawn. "Pee into my hand. If you'll open my slit a
little wider I'll pee into yours."
She felt Anne's fingers push the lips of her vagina wider and she closed her
eyes and felt the hot pee rush from her cunt, splashing Anne's hand and arm. At
the same time she could feel Anne's bladder relax as her own hand was suddenly
warmed by Anne's urine.
They each pissed copiously as they kissed, soaking their panties and nylon
covered legs as the hot urine gathered under their high heeled sandals. The
onlookers were laughing uproariously as the girls ran their hands up and down
each others now fully exposed lower stomachs. The sheer girth of the girls
forced the straps of their garters away from their upper thighs, pushing out the
leg bands of their ridiculously tiny panties and allowing anyone to see their
streaming cunts now gushing out hot liquid.
Max decided that it was at last time for him to finally fuck the pair of them.
Informing Fawn of this he stripped off the few garments that he allowed himself.
He was the only member of the tribe to put any clothes on whatsoever.
Standing naked in front of the two girls he took his large stiff boner in his
hand and stroked it suggestively. Fawn drew her breath in. Since the crash the
girls hadn't been fucked by any of the adult men of the tribe. Just the boys,
two of whom they were now pregnant to. With a thrill of anticipation they stood
docilely, waiting Max's pleasure.
Fawn felt a momentary rush of jealous rage as Max selected Anne for his
ministrations. Fawn after all was the world wide star and felt cheated and
demeaned by Max's choice.
Max ordered Anne to bend over in front of him. In what Fawn regarded as a cow
like manner Anne obeyed him, bracing her legs apart as she waited eagerly for
him.
At Max's direction, Fawn was then made to pull Anne's dress up at the back,
revealing Anne's soaking wet panties clinging to her quivering buttocks. Fawn
then took hold of the elastic waistband of the panties and pulled them down to
Anne's knees.
"Tell Fawn you want her to put my prick into your ass Anne" Max commanded.
Frantically massaging her burgeoning breasts through the thin dress and
brassiere Anne whimpered to Fawn, "Please Fawn. Do as he asks. Put his prick
into my anus" Anne gasped, reaching behind her with both hands and pulling apart
the cheeks of her behind.
Reluctantly and enviously taking Max's engorged penis between her thumb and two
fingers Fawn led it to the small puckered hole of Anne's ass. Feeling the organ
throbbing under her touch she pushed gently at the tight opening. With a sudden
thrust Max rammed the stiff member into Anne's asshole, making Anne scream aloud
in pain and excitement.
Anne's knees buckled and straightened as Max thrust in and out of her, building
to a heart stopping climax. Before this event occured, Max ordered Fawn to pull
his member out and transfer it to Anne's cunt.
"C'mon... C'mon Fawn. Shove it in my cunt now... now... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh..."
Trembling and panting Anne waited impatiently whilst Fawn introduced Max's prick
to her soaking wet vagina. Fawn slyly touched Anne's glutinous inner lips making
Anne gasp, before pushing Max's rampant cock into her friend.
"Ooooh... Ooooh... Ugh... H... How... f... fucking beautiful... Uh... Uh...
Uh..." panted Anne, totally lost in the hedonistic pleasure of the act.
Looking at the two of them buckling and panting Fawn thought that Anne looked
rather like a fat sow being serviced by a frantic wart hog. It was unfair she
knew, as she was in much the same condition as her friend. Fawn's fingers
slipped into her seeping gash as she frantically frigged herself, her slimy
digits giving her a series of small orgasms, and her bloated body quivering and
trembling all over...
The rutting pair came to an explosive pinnacle of lust, Anne screaming in
ecstasy and Max letting the breath whoosh out of his mouth as he pumped semen
into Anne's swollen, oozing slit.
After a minute or two Max instructed a crestfallen Fawn to kneel on the floor in
front of him. Easing down to her knees Fawn found herself looking with dull,
yearning eyes at Max's now lifeless penis. It was thick with sticky juices from
Anne's cunt.
"Suck it clean bitch" snapped Max. "Suck it clean and get me hard again. I told
you I'd fuck the pair of you and that's what I'm going to do. Take that fucking
wig off. I want the true black bitch I've created. I want you to get that other
bitch's come all over your fucking face and then tell me how much you love it.
Tell me how low you've sunk, and what a slut you enjoy being. Do you understand
Fawn?"
Dully nodding her reluctant agreement, Fawn slowly removed the wig and bared her
baldness for him, She submissively touched her crimsoned lips to his small
soaking prick, allowing Anne's sticky lubricant to smear her lips and face. Fawn
then took Max's wet cock into her pretty mouth and sucked the rest off, allowing
the bland, slightly salty tasting juices to slip down her throat.
When Max's organ was cleaned he pulled her head back and looked down into her
wet, come daubed face and remembered the former screen goddess she was.
"Tell me!!!" he demanded.
Wanting desperately to please him Fawn started her monologue, the words she
instinctively knew he wanted to hear.
"Ooh... Max" she breathed seductively. "Why would you want to bother with a
common little cunt like me?. Just fucking look at me."  Fawn started to unbutton
the small pearl buttons of the white nylon blouse, knowing instinctively that
Max wanted her to denigrate herself, and she'd do her best to do that and more.
"Look at all the bitch-spunk on my face Max" Fawn went on, licking her
glistening crimson lips. "It's yours mixed with Anne's and I just love it. Just
look how my fucking udders have grown. Grotesque aren't they?"  Fawn slipped her
hands into the dainty cups of the brassiere, scarcely containing her ponderous
bosom. She pulled her bare tits out and laid them over the top of her brassiere,
they drooped heavily each side of her breast bone.
She squeezed them gently, her hands cradling each hefty bust, and several jets
of milk shot out from them.
"Ooh... Max. I'm nothing but a cow you milk. Look at me. The most beautiful
fucking woman in the world I was voted. Now I'm just a fat pregnant cow licking
that cunt's juice off your cock. If we ever make it back to civilization you've
only got to call and I'll yank my fucking tits out and pull my fucking knickers
off for you. I'll do it in front of everybody for you.... Ooooh... Max... Max...
Mmmmmmm" 
With shaking hands Fawn slipped the elastic waistband of her skirt down over her
swelling belly, baring the gross fat bulk for him to see.
"There you are Max. You said you needed new breeding cows to introduce new
blood. Look what I and that other fucking sow has done for you. As soon as we
drop these fucking bastards you can tie us up in front of the whole village with
our asses in the air, and everybody can fuck us till we drop for another fucking
kid. We don't mind Max darling. We want to be fucked time after time till we've
bred a whole tribe of our bastards for you."
Max made Fawn assume a dog like crouch on all fours in front of him. She made a
strangely erotic sight, her gross belly nearly touching the floor and her large
oozing breasts swinging out and away from her.
Max then told Anne to perform the same duty that Fawn had done earlier. Fawn
waited in anticipation as she felt Anne's small hands ease the waistband of her
skirt off her backside and down to her knees, gathering her soaking knickers on
the way and baring her quivering fat buttocks for them all to see.
She then felt Anne's thumb and forefinger part the cheeks of her ass to reveal
her small anus. Feeling Anne's other hand introducing Max's now enlarged penis
to the hole she braced herself in trembling anticipation.
"Yes... Yes... Yesss Oooooooo... Uh... Uh... Ugh..." she exploded, as Max thrust
his member into her small asshole. The pain was intense but the masochistic
pleasure overrode it. Max buckled in and out of Fawn's burning aperture till she
thought she'd faint.
Fawn was knelt facing the clearing in front of the patio, affording her a view
of the onlookers that Max had gathered for this exhibition. Through tear
streaked eyes Fawn watched them as a young boy, no more than five years of age,
gazed in fascination at her. He looked, in what Fawn thought was innocent
wonder, at her plump swinging breasts bursting white liquid out with each
movement. Fawn saw to her horror that he was fingering his genitalia in a very
adult fashion. She'd now become the sexual fantasy of babies she thought
despairingly but, out of a driving compunction, she stared back at him
lasciviously, her pink tongue darting in and out of her mouth as she slowly
licked her lips suggestively.
Anne's body suddenly cut off her view of the boy. Anne had pulled the dress up
over her enormous stomach again and had taken her knickers entirely off. Fawn
could see that Max's semen was running quite freely out of Anne's cunt and down
her thighs.
As Max transferred his prick from Fawn's ass to her willing vagina, Fawn pulled
Anne's bloated body in to her, holding the cheeks of Anne's backside whilst
sucking and slurping every bit of the semen from her slit and thighs.
Max exploded to another climax as Fawn probed her tongue deep into Anne's
vagina. When Max and Fawn wearily uncoupled the onlookers wandered away, quite
happy now the tribe possessed two court jesters for their entertainment.
The reward for that evenings entertainment, if reward it could be called, was
that till the birth of the two embryos, Fawn and Anne were to be employed in the
natives equivalent of a nursery as wet nurses to the tribes squalling, unwashed
brood, and there must have been thirty or forty of them.
What a come down for the two beauties. 'It would've made a bad porno movie'
thought Fawn, laughing a little shrilly as she faced the world with defeated
resignation...

To be continued...




The following fiction is intended for ADULT AUDIENCES ONLY. Please do read only
if you are legally considered of adult age, are not offended by extreme content
and your community's standards permit such material.

(c) 2002 4Nick8... Rufdeal@aol.com

Chapter Three.

Two weeks passed in what was regarded as a child care unit, Fawn and Anne wished
they were back in the fields. All their spoilt lives as film actresses and
eventual stars hadn't prepared them for something as awful as this.

As Fawn Sinclair and Anne Rogers they weren't very conversant with the
consequences of wet nursing a large number of infants, and a large number there
was. Something in the poor diet of the tribe that prevented any of the women
breast feeding their own. They'd had to manage up till the advent of the girls
with goats milk, but it led to an unacceptable mortality rate. The two girls
conversely seemed to have an overabundance of milk in their enlarged, and by
now, blue veined breasts.

Such was the demand on their constitution both Fawn and Anne felt the need to
compensate for their bodily liquid loss, consuming prodigious quantities of the
strange native drink Kava that had so much highlighted their naturally sensuous
natures.

They'd also adopted the native women's habit of chewing a type of beetle nut
leaf. It gave them both the satisfaction they used to derive from cigarettes,
the only trouble being of course was that it stained their once beautiful white
teeth a deep dark red. They were now almost indistinguishable from the
tribeswomen.

Their now distended brown nipples were excruciatingly sore at first but had now
become hardened to the infants constant suckling, jutting out like stiff finger
ends from their enlarged dark brown aureoles. Another effect of constant child
suckling was the unsightly way the girls swollen breasts drooped down on either
side like half deflated balloons.

'I'll never be able to reshape them back to the pretty little buds they were'
thought Fawn desperately, hefting one of the sagging sacs in her small hand.
This wasn't just pure vanity from Fawn. As a leading film actress her figure and
face were bankable assets and had to be safeguarded.

Since the "entertainment's evening" of sexual wantonness, the two hadn't been
allowed their clothes, carrying out their new tasks and day to day functions
completely naked again. Both Fawn and Anne were now entirely comfortable with
their nakedness, accepting their nudity as just blending in with the other
natives.

During this two week period the girls had put on weight alarmingly. Fawn was
especially anxious as she appeared to be twice the size of Anne who was gross
enough.

'My God!" she thought apprehensively. 'I hope to hell I'm not going to fucking
drop triplets'. Wherever she walked now she had to physically hold her jutting
fat belly up on either side to prevent herself from overbalancing.

The delightful Anne seemed to derive some small amusement from this, calling
Fawn a variety of hurtful names.

Fawn found that when the two of them adopted their usual sitting position to
feed the infants, their backs against the walls of a hut, she had to
spread-eagle her legs to accommodate the huge bulk of her paunch, the ever wet
slit between her legs wide open and seeping.

Anne sat opposite her, a small black baby attached to each breast with their
little bare backsides sitting on her ballooning fat belly.

"Goddamn it Fawn" she purred with not a little satisfaction and superiority,
adjusting one of the infants greedy little sucking mouths onto her pumping
nipple and spraying milk in its face in the process. "You're such a fucking fat
cow now. If we ever do get back to civilization I'll be the fucking star.
Nobody's going to fucking look twice at a fat slut like you. You'll not lose
that when you've fucking dropped the bastard."

However hurtful, Fawn had to silently agree with Anne. She was feeding one baby
boy, his leech like mouth sucking greedily on her right nipple, whilst her other
flaccid tit hung down on top of the flesh mountain that was Fawn's tummy.

She looked miserably at her belly button that was popping out on the crest of 
the mountain of flesh.

'This isn't normal' she thought dispiritedly. 'I'll never be normal again'.

Fawn saw Anne staring at her fully exposed vagina. More to shock her friend that
through any pressing need, Fawn allowed her full bladder to relax, releasing a
flood of pee that gathered in a large pool under her buttocks and quickly
evaporated or sank into the porous sand in the hot sun.

"You dirty fucking slut" Anne said wearily. "You're getting worse that these
fucking animals."  She indicated the naked native children that surrounded them.

"You piss anywhere cunt" responded Fawn with little spirit. "And who are you to
call me fat? You look like a beached fucking whale yourself."

"At least I don't sit in it like a bitch" retorted Anne angrily. "We mustn't let
the bastard's get to us that badly darling. We'll pull through somehow."

Fawn wondered how as she laid the infant down and picked up another little boy,
attaching him to her stiffened left nipple. She noticed that the small boy who'd
been staring at her on the evening at Max's was again on his stomach, face
cupped between his hands, looking at Fawn's bare vagina under her huge belly. He
was again enthralled, feeling beneath himself at his little prick.

'My God!" thought Fawn. 'I can't be all that bad. That little bastard's getting
off just looking at me!'

Preening a little and reverting to the Negritos language, Fawn ordered him over.

"Do you want to be my little helper from now on?. I'll let you touch me if
that's what you want, but you've got to help me with the small babies. How's
that?" she asked him sweetly, openly flaunting her huge naked bulk to the boy as
she flirted with him. What a comedown for the screen idol, trying to get some
sexual response from an ignorant youg savage.

He nodded mutely, his eyes fixed firmly on her wet slit as Fawn went on, "Right.
First what's your name?."

The boy mumbled a name that sounded like two sibilant rasps. The nearest English
equivalent that Fawn could come up with was Cola. He was known by the girls as
Cola from then on in.

"Right Cola. You've been staring long enough. I'll let you touch me now." 

Anne watched with a kind of hypnotised stupefaction as Cola's tiny hand went
hesitatingly to Fawn's large glistening slit beneath her huge belly. Fawn felt
herself shudder as she felt his small fingers stroking her rubbery labia,
exploring her inner vagina and clitoris with curiosity. That he was fully aware
of the functions of both his own and Fawn's genitalia was obvious. He was
urgently pulling at his own little penis as he excited Fawn's cunt. She took him
by the arm and made him stand up in front of the two of them.

"Look Fawn. It's all soft. Where's your world famous allure gone to?" Anne asked
good naturedly, if a little spitefully. "Lets see if I can make his little prick
all hard."

Anne teasingly call the little boy over to her, laying both her charges in their
cribs and allowing her drooping tits to carry on spraying milk down her
distended belly. She encouraged the stream, gently squeezing each sac with her
inner arms. Such was the effect of the constant breast feeding that both girls
had to do, their nipples tended to point downwards at their fat tummies. Anne's
were now liberally spraying her tummy with liquid much to Cola's delight.

Reaching across to Cola, Anne took his small penis between her thumb and
forefinger and delicately manipulated it. Cola was obviously delighted at this
attention, having seen the adults in the tribe practising sex in the open
fashion they had.

To Charlotte and Anne's amusement, Cola immediately threw himself into the part,
grunting and snorting and thrusting his little lower body in and out in an
imitation of the sexual act.

Leaning over with great difficulty, her huge stomach impeding her, Anne
encouraged the youngster to put his little penis into her mouth. Cola hesitantly
did so and Anne started sucking strongly and steadily at it. Then, to Anne's
amazement, she felt Cola's tiny prick beginning to grow in her mouth.

Releasing the small stiff black member Anne exclaimed in some wonder, "My God.
How fast do these people mature. The little bastards got a hard on!"

The two girls stared at the stiff little rod in delight as Cola stood in front
of them with a mixture of pride and embarrassment.

"Let him put the fucking thing in you" said Anne breathlessly and impulsively.
"Go on Fawn. Let him have his first fuck. It shouldn't worry you. We've had most
of the boys in the tribe in our cunts now."  Anne was excitedly squeezing her
huge breasts together now, the lacteal liquid spraying freely out.

Fawn was also strangely worked up as she popped the baby's mouth off her
enlarged wet nipple.

"Come here Cola" she whispered in Negritos, slipping her gross body down the
wall and pulling her huge stomach up to bare her large wide open slit. "Quickly.
Put it into my hole."

Cola swiftly complied, laying sideways under her belly, as Anne stared in sheer
perverse lust as she rubbed her own gaping slit with a wet squelching sound.

It was all over in a matter of seconds as young Cola quickly ejaculated into
Fawn, leaving her unsatisfied and Anne panting over her own climax.











So the days went with the girls getting larger and larger. Anne was huge but
Fawn was gigantic. Wherever they walked Fawn had to hold her stomach with both
hands. Both the girls tits were now over-weaned out of shape, drooping down
either side of their jutting bellies and their nipples sticking out rigid and
pointing straight down to the ground. Fawn figured they wouldn't even squeeze
into a size forty two 'DD' brassiere now. 'How could they have got so gross and
ugly in so short a time'  she thought despairingly.

The inhibiting oil that they'd been told to use was having a strange side effect
on them both. Their hair had started to re-grow but it was growing black, tight
and curly to their bald scalps.

It didn't seem to matter what colour or nature their hair had been previous to
their baldness, it now grew short, curly and black. This seemed to be tolerated
by the tribe, who'd come to rely on them as wet nurses. There were also a small
number of the tribeswomen who'd allowed their hair to grow. These seemed to be
the outcasts for various reasons, the most understandable were the girls that
had been captured from other tribes. Subsequently the girls ceased to shave
their pubic area and armpits. Black hair was now growing profusely in both
areas. On one of the few occasions that Fawn could glimpse at herself in the
mirror she thought that she looked like an old drawing she'd once seen of a
Fuzzy-Wuzzy. At least she had the consolation of knowing that their hair would
re-grow again when and if they ever got back to civilisation.

The most striking change in their appearance was the colour of their skins. It'd
tanned a very dark brown, verging on the black. They blended in completely with
the tribe.

They both gave birth within three days of the other. Anne was first, giving
birth almost painlessly one night lying next to Fawn. Gasping and sweating Anne
held both her legs wide and pulled back as Fawn delivered a small black boy to
her.

The child was immediately taken away from Anne. She was never even given the
opportunity to nurse the child in her arms and the way that she was feeling,
wouldn't want to.

The following day a chain of children were brought to them for feeding. Anne's
child could have been any one of them. For all they knew they could be feeding
Anne's child without knowing.

Two days later Fawn delivered her child, another male. There was only the one,
much to Fawn's surprise, as when she'd discharged the placenta she didn't look
to have lost much weight at all. Fawn was disturbed and upset by this but
resigned herself to the fact. She hoped that the weight would drop away over the
next few weeks.

Unfortunately for Fawn this didn't materialise. Several weeks passed and,
although she lost a little more weight she kept the bulk of it, bulk being the
appropriate word thought poor Fawn.

Whilst Anne regained her youthful lithe body apart from her drooping and leaking
black breasts, Fawn's body seemed to harden into a gross bulky belly that stuck
out in front of her. Her hair had grown short, curly and thick to her head, with
the pubic and underarm growths bushy and black. Fawn's breasts were even larger
and more unsightly than Anne's, flopping down on either side of her chest and
constantly being sucked on by the countless babies, none of which Fawn or Anne
could distinguish as their own.

Both girls had darkened in colour till they were almost black and they'd
integrated with the other tribeswomen, being taught the ways and tribal rituals
by the other women, till they were indistinguishable from them.

That was when Max told them that they were due a visit from the outside world.











The two girls were overcome with excitement till Max explained that the group
that were due to make contact with the tribe were regular visitors. He went on
to add that it could also prove to be potentially very dangerous for the two
film stars.

"I've been in contact with them and it seems that the movie company you were
contracted to, are sending someone with them to verify your deaths. It appears
that your bigger now to them dead than what you were alive. Apart from picking
up very large insurance claims, your films are a complete sell-out and have
become cult viewing. Now I know these people that come through regularly.
They're drug dealers with whom we conduct our business, and they're quite
ruthless. I get the impression that if your still alive, they don't want you
walking out of the jungle that way."

The girls listened to Max with growing dismay. This lifeline was being taken
away from them with each word he spoke.

"I'd suggest you both keep a low profile till we can establish if it's going to
be safe for you to identify yourselves."

Although they were suspicious about whatever Max told them, he seemed sincere
enough about their safety. It had come as a big shock to the two girls that the
studios would revert to such methods. After some thought Fawn realised that the
head of the studios was indeed, a very ruthless person who's first God was the
almighty dollar and who would perhaps revert to extreme methods where money was
concerned. She decided to assess the situation when the party arrived.

In the meantime the two girls worried that they may be instantly recognised in
such a small community. Max put their minds at rest on that score.

"Not even your mothers would recognise you at the moment. Just wear the tribal
paint and go about your normal duties."

He revealed something to them that came as something of a relief. He told them
that the inhibiting oil not only altered their hair structure and colour, it
mutated the skin tones to its present blackness, aided by the sun. "When you
stop using it, you should revert to your normal colour" he added.

No indication was given when these drug barons would arrive or how. However two
days later  the females of the tribe, including the two girls, were told they
were going down to the river to be bearers for the drug runners.

It took them two days of heavy going through the dense jungle before they
reached the river. There, pulled up alongside a makeshift dock, was an old
sea-going steamer.

Fawn and Anne ran a critical eye over the old ship and concluded it must have
been commissioned in the nineteen twenties. It was a coal fired steamer that
should have been scrapped years previously. The fact that it'd got this far up a
jungle river testified to its size and old fashioned navigation.

The native women were chattering excitedly amongst themselves as they surveyed
these strangers. There were about twenty crew and two or three white women on
board. It was the women who drew the tribes-women's attention.

Fawn gasped with alarm as she noticed that one of the girls on the ship was a
starlette from Hollywood. Unlike themselves, this girl was still on her way up
the ladder and would cut anyone's throat to get there. Her name was Jean
Reynolds and both Fawn and Anne had worked with her on occasions. The girl had a
cutting, ice-cold beauty to her that Fawn had to acknowledge, in fact she was
not only acknowledging it at the moment, but positively drooling over it. Both
Fawn and Anne felt their sexual juices beginning to flow as they gazed in
dumbstruck admiration at the first smart Western woman they'd seen in just less
than a year. Fawn felt her bare tits ache as she almost leered with sheer lust
at the self-centred little beauty. She was shocked as her hand unconciously slid
under her burgeoning belly, to find her hairy cunt was literally pouring slimy
sexual fluids down her inner thighs. Suddenly both the girls felt naked for the
first time in months. Fawn had to almost physically restrain hersef from
covering up in front of the 'whites', as she unconciously labled them.   

The other women were busily discussing the white women's clothing and her
make-up with Jean and Anne in Negritos, when Jean strolled across to the group
of excited naked native girls. The young starlette had gathered that the excited
babble was about her, and she was in the mood to patronise the ignorant natives.

Languidly eyeing them with an amused smile on her face, she imperiously
summonsed Max to act as interpreter. When Max went over to her, Jean went on
with the breathtaking immodesty that had become both the talking point, and the
cause of secret ridicule around Beverly Hills. 

"Can you ask these 'Ladies' if they've ever seen anyone like me? One or possibly
two pretty white girls like myself?"  Jean enquired, preened unconsciously in
front of the unkempt group of aborigines. "It would have been any time during
these past few months!" she added.

Fawn and Anne need not have feared any recognition. As far as Jean was concerned
all she saw was a dirty group of naked black women. Her eyes had briefly rested
on Fawn and Anne and all that registered on her inner mind was just another two
filthy natives.

Fawn was feeling acutely self-conscious appearing totally naked in front of
white people. It seemed to be acceptable when there was only the tribes-people
but this was a different matter. Fawn couldn't dismiss the fact that she was a
highly desirable film star that any of the white crew would pay highly to see
naked and humiliated like this.

Although to Fawn's eye, Anne seemed once more desirable and slim... to Jean,
Anne was just another scrawny, naked black with disgusting  drooping and leaking
breasts.

 Fawn appeared even worse. Jean saw a stocky black woman, obscenely exposed with
a large bare belly jutting out in front of her. She'd obviously either just
given birth on the evidence of her large black tits that were dribbling milk
down her swelled tummy, or was about to do so as she was that fat. Jean didn't
think to look into their faces to put a personality there. If she'd done so, it
was still very doubtful she still wouldn't have seen the missing film stars
under the face paint and black colouring, their teeth a horrible stained red
colour.

When Jean had quizzed the women, who all guilessly denied any knowledge of ever
seeing any other white person, she drifted back to the main group of whites.
With another shock both girls saw the chief 'enforcer' for the film studios, a
man called Henry (The Enforcer) Smith was with her. Henry Smith had grown up in
'Little Italy' in New York under his real name, Enrico Spitali, until he was
moved by the Mafia, first to Chicago, and then to LA. They knew this man was
quite ruthless and carried out various dirty jobs for the studio. He'd been
recruited from Chicago for any unsavoury tasks that had to be performed, and all
kinds of rumours had circulated about him. They were thankful that they'd
decided to keep quiet until they knew what was going on.

Jean and Henry watched with a superior and patronising manner whilst the women
of the tribe, Fawn and Anne included, gathered the countless amount of bags and
equipment and placed them on their heads for the long trek into the jungle.

Fawn and Anne were detailed by Max to carry an animal-skin litter that Jean
lounged on, to transport the beautiful white woman on the long journey.

All afternoon and into the evening they carried this selfish burden stoically
through the lush green vegetation, stopping at last to camp down for the night.

The whites set up tents for themselves and drank into the night. One of them had
brought along an orang-utan that they all amused themselves with, making it
perform tricks for rewards of food. Fawn thought he must think himself a poor
mans Clint Eastwood. The women of the tribe slept where they dropped.

After two days they reached the village and were allowed to retire to the
nursery where the hungry babies took up the rest of the time for the two film
stars. They'd heard enough on the journey to know that the situation for them
was extremely dangerous. It seemed that they weren't supposed to come out of the
jungle alive. Henry's  instructions were, that if there was anyone left alive
from the plane crash they were not to make it back to LA.

The ships crew set up large luxury tents at the village and left it to Max to
organise the stacking and bundling of the raw drugs for transport back to the
ship. In the meantime they'd brought a lot of utensils and weapons that they
exchanged for the narcotics.

When the evening drew in the crew started to drink. Max organised the natives to
entertain the whites.

It seemed to be a fixture every time the drug runners visited the tribe that
they'd derive much amusement by watching the natives copulate. They also liked
to 'go native' themselves from time to time.

Out of sheer devilment Max selected both Fawn and Anne to be included in the
small group of native women that were going to supply the 'entertainment' for
the group of whites that evening.

He even told Jean, "These two can speak a little English" making them frightened
that Jean and Henry might realise something wasn't right with them.

Jean insisted that they parade themselves in front of her to be inspected like
cattle before the slaughter.

Fawn trailed in front of Jean and the crew with some trepidation. If she was
going to be found out, now was the time. She needn't have had any fear.

Fawn stood naked in front of the smirking Jean and the boat crew, her big black
belly jutting out in front of her obscenely. What seemed to fascinate both Jean
and the men sexually was Fawn's black nipples that oozed white milk at the least
movement, dripping it down over the huge black mound that stuck out in front of
her.

Henry Smith seemed quite excited by Fawn. He was always known at the studios for
his quirky and cruel sexual appetite and now he seemed to be bringing his
peculiar taste, and inflicting it unknowingly onto the star of the studios.

Under her now black skin Fawn was blushing hotly as Henry leered at her bulky
black body. He'd tried his damnedest in the past to look down Fawn's dresses to
catch a glimpse of her breasts to no avail and now here she was, wholly naked in
front of him and about to perform whatever sexual perversions he chose to have
her carry out.

The crew soon got very drunk, at first content to paw and jeer at the native
women that Max had selected for their entertainment, including the two girls.
Later however they demanded of Max that the tribeswomen perform copulative acts
in front of them with the native males of the tribe.

The adults of the tribe still seemed to prefer sexual intercourse with their own
women, leaving the two girls to be fucked by the youths and children of the
tribe, much to the crews open amusement.

Fawn was on her knees and panting away as little Cola fucked her from behind
when Jean saw them and called delightedly to Henry.

"Look at this dirty fat bitch Henry. She's the one that took your fancy with her
tits leaking fucking milk all over the place. She's doing it with a little
kid... God. How gross... Ew"

Mortified, Fawn grunted and gasped in front of them, her huge black breasts
slapping together and spraying milk from her large black nipples. Her enlarged
belly was almost touching the floor as she heaved backwards and forwards on
Cola's prick, unable to stop as the two whites leered at her frantic writhing.

Fawn grimaced and gave the two whites a parody of a smile, revealing her red
stained teeth, as Henry reached forward and grabbed her two leaking breasts. She
gasped and shuddered as he squeezed them cruelly, causing her milk to gush out
in a hot stream into the palms of his hands.

She found the fact that he didn't know who he was abusing highly erotic.

"Uh...uh...uh...Ooogh" Fawn heaved, as Henry sent agonies of pain through her
and Cola gushed his hot liquid into her quivering cunt.

Not allowing Fawn any respite when Cola withdrew from her, Henry stood her up
and through a series of hand signals, made Fawn physically open and hold her
hairy black labial lips wide while he painfully crushed her breasts together and
down against her ballooning belly.

With tears running down her contorted face Fawn whimpered as her milk ran down
over her straining tummy. She felt Cola's semen slipping stickily out of her
slit and coursing slowly down her inner thighs as Henry called to one of the
crew members.

"Send that fucking orang-utan over here and let him sniff around this horny
bitch."

Fawn saw with a thrill of horror and lust, that the ape was lurching forward
towards her, a huge stiffening red penis thrusting up from the matted red hair
of its stomach as he smelt the raw sex that emanated from her.

With a growing feeling of self disgust, Fawn found herself craving for the
sexual attentions of the rampant animal.

As the creature sniffed around her, Fawn opened her legs and peered down over
her fat belly. She forced the wet lips of her vagina wider as the ape thrust his
nose against them, his penis throbbing as he smelled the female juices.

"Take hold of the penis woman. Don't let youself down!" Max commanded in
Negritos.

Tentatively Fawn reached over and took hold of the slimy stiff red member and
slipped her clutching hand up and down the slippery shaft.

The beast went wild. As Fawn's trembling fingers slid up and down the ape's
throbbing flesh, she saw a thick white semen start to pulse out of the tip.

"Don't let it drop" ordered Max. "Take it in your mouth and swallow it."

The frantic girl bent her knees and lowered her head to the beast's spurting
penis. She enveloped her lips around the member and started to suck the chalky
tasting liquid into her mouth, swallowing it as fast as it splashed into her
mouth. No way could this primitive, sexually perverted black tribeswoman be
connected to the 'Most Beautiful Woman in the World.'

Henry, Jean and the boat crew were delighted by this thorough abasement of the
aborigine bent over in front of them. Completely unaware of her real identity
Henry shouted at Max.

"Let's have Guy fucking her."

Guy, Fawn gathered, was the stupid ape's name.

As Max gave instructions to her in Negritos, Fawn eased herself onto her back in
front of the animal. She discovered with a thrill of horror that she wanted the
ape's throbbing penis inside her.

Spreading her legs wide, Fawn pulled apart the wet lips of her aching cunt with
a feeling of self loathing. She then compulsively jerked her lower body upwards
towards the rampant beast as she felt an overpowering feeling of lust flood her
senses.

Feeling constrained because she couldn't use English, Fawn panted to the animal
in Negritos "Come. Come here and fuck me beast. Push your sticky shaft into me." 
She peered over the top of her big drooping tits and  jutting black belly as
Guy's long red penis instinctively found the lips of her weeping slit.

"Ooogh... OOOUUUGGGHHH" Fawn gasped, as the animal swiftly thrust into her. "Uh,
uh, uh, uh..." she panted as Guy picked up the rhythm and pumped in and out of
Fawn.

Fawn screamed in sheer pleasure as the orang-utan sprayed his hot semen into
her, causing Fawn  to shudder and sob in utter shame, much to the amusement of
the onlookers.

When their attention finally turned to other drunken diversions, Fawn crawled
away to the side of one of the huts.

She wept softly as Guy's semen slowly seeped out of her as she slipped into an
exhausted sleep...



To be continued... 




Chapter Four.


The following day the ship's crew slept off their massive hangovers. It made no
difference to Fawn and Anne however. They were up at sunrise, feeding the
countless and ever demanding babies, and then joining the other women of the
tribe in the heavy work under the hot clanging hot sun.

Both girls had taken to wearing a piece of twine around their waists with a
strip of chamois leather tucked in the side that served a duel purpose. The main
use was soaking up the surplus milk that streamed from their swollen breasts
when they made any exertion at all. The secondary aim that the device fulfilled
was a type of 'badge of office'. It set them slightly apart from the other
tribeswomen as maternity nurses.

Around midday Fawn and Anne were toiling over huge piles of the various exotic
plants that the boat had come to harvest. The sun was burning down on the naked
girls, darkening even more, their already swarthy complexions, and sweat mingled
with their milk, which was running freely over their bellies.

"Well, well. If it isn't the ape slut." A voice purred from the shaded patio of
Max's bungalow. Jean and Henry stood surveying the two girls labour, Jean idly
fanning herself whilst Henry looked at the naked Fawn's fat heaving body with
undisguised lust.

"Stand up ape-slut and let my friend inspect you" Jean went on silkily. "You say
she speaks English?" she asked Max who was emerging from the door.

"These two?. Just a little. They've picked up swear words mainly."

"Right" said Jean. "Stand up ape woman and spread em for my friend."

Fawn straightened up in front of them, keeping her eyes downcast and hoping to
avoid any flicker of recognition on their part. Her big black breasts heaved
with her recent exertions, the now huge aureoles surrounding her stiff jet-black
nipples that were liberally dripping a constant stream of translucent fluid.

Despite her fear and misery, Fawn felt a curious thrill of exhibitionism as she
spread her trembling legs in front of them, allowing them to see her gaping wet
slit couched in a huge thatch of black pubic hair.

Jean noticed that her leaking breasts seemed to be the cause of Henry's
fascination. "Squeeze it out you black bitch" she commanded. "C'mon. If you
understand English, spray the fucking dust."

Fawn hesitantly cupped her black mounds and with a dumb look on her face slowly
squeezed each teat, jetting out her lacteal fluid alternately like a goat being
milked. "T...tits" she ventured gutturally.

"Yeah tits" shouted Jean delightedly. "You see she's not as fucking stupid as
she looks. Make her bounce the bastards up and down Max. Make her slap them down
on that fucking fat belly of hers. We wanna see the fucking milk rolling down
her big black gut."

Tersely Max said in Negritos "Well you heard her. I can't say your name as
they'll recognise it. Just do as she asks to keep them happy. You might throw in
some extra to keep the perverted white cunt happy. Heave your belly about and
show them all the body hair you've grown. Smile and show them your red teeth a
lot. You never know. They might lose interest in you."

Hoping this would prove to be true, Fawn decided to really disgust the two of
them. Placing her hands at the top of her drooping breasts she stroked downwards
hard. This forced the white fluid out of the sagging sacs, drenching her heaving
black belly in the warm slippery liquid.

She'd seen Guy the orang-utan with its owner in one of the tents the ship's
party had pitched nearby. She now coaxed the beast out of the tent by spreading
her thighs once more and plunging her fingers into her dripping slit. The animal
immediately hunched over to her, visibly excited.

Fawn was genuinely thrilled that the animal was showing sexual excitement at the
sight of her. She wanted this beast to desire her... to want to fuck her... The
thought that she could cause this creature to achieve such a large erection and
totally satisfy her sexually, drove all repulsion of the unnatural the act out
of her mind.

Both Jean and Henry were delighted by this demonstration of the 'lower' base
desires of the native women. They naturally thought that no white woman could
possibly debase themselves thus.

"Uh... uh... uh... Oooh..." panted Fawn, taking hold of the beast's slippery
penis and slithering her small hand up and down the oily pink organ.

Unable to contain herself, she pulled the ape's penis close to her face and slid
it deep into her hot mouth.

The ape went wild. Grabbing Fawn's head on either side he forced her to suck and
massage the bare organ till he spilt gusher after gusher of bland tasting liquid
down her gagging throat.

Satiation it seemed was not in Guy's dictionary. As soon as Fawn released the
still spurting prick from her mouth he forced her backwards, spread her thighs,
and rammed the hard stiff member into her soft willing slit.

The animal fucked Fawn with a ferocity that delighted and thrilled her, bringing
her one frantic orgasm after another.

After about ten minutes of this amusing diversion, Jean and Henry left Fawn, now
sobbing with a belated self-loathing on the dusty ground, and the ape
protectively caressing her bloated, sweat-slicked black body.

From that moment on, Guy was never far away from Fawn's side.



The raid on the village occurred two days after this event.

There was no indication that the raid was coming. Both Fawn and Anne had worked
hard under the blazing sun, loading and stacking the intended cargo of the ship.
In between this they carried out their maternity duties, feeding the tribes
screaming infants till their breasts were sore from countless small mouths
sucking and demanding at their tender raw nipples.

Anne watched with growing fascination as the ape fucked the willing Fawn on
several occasions during this period. She even brought herself to fondle the
animal's generously proportioned genitalia herself, feeling a thrill of horror
and secret desire run through her as the beast hardened under her touch.

"I'd like to see Guy stick this fucking slimy tool into that fucking
supercilious white bitch" she muttered to Fawn in a low voice, hating Jean more
and more with each day that passed. She never even paused to consider how she'd
come to identify herself  so closely with the native women in this group
encompassing statement.

"I still can't get used to hanging my naked crotch and tits out for the whole
ship's crew... and them two!!!, especially them two!!!"  She indicated Jean and
Henry in the distance with a slight nod of her head.

It was just before the raid that Fawn confided in Anne that she thought she was
pregnant once again. "You don't think it possible that I could get pregnant by
the ape do you?" she worriedly asked of Anne.

Anne reassured her that it was impossible, adding... "I'm pretty certain that
I'm in the club too. Don't forget that those boys have screwed us constantly
since we've given birth. We must have enough spunk in us to re-populate the
third world. It'd be a fucking miracle if we weren't pregnant."

As they were talking, the two girls heard a terrifying din coming from the
perimeter of the encampment. When they finally ascertained what was happening it
was all over.

A rival tribe some twenty miles further into the dense jungle had been observing
the village for some days and had taken the opportunity of the ship's loading to
strike at their old enemies. It was all over in a matter of minutes and left
about two dozen of the tribesmen and several of the ship's crew lying dead in
the centre of the camp.

Along with the rest of the tribe and the ship's crew, Fawn and Anne found
themselves herded together and forced marched through the dense jungle for what
seemed like hours.

With three or four more of the women, the two girls also had to cope with the
wailing babies. The women and the other children carrying them as Fawn and Anne
fed them alternately from their bursting black breasts.

Eventually, to the relief of the two girls, they reached the camp of the enemy
tribe. They were singled out from the other females as the maternity nurses and
locked into a compound with all the babies.

When they'd finally arrived at the enemy tribe's encampment, the two girls were
left to their own devices for a few days. They were thankfully busy, involved in
feeding the babies and looking after their own needs, mainly mutual masturbation
as the uncontrollable lust built up. They were unaware of what happened to the
tribesmen, or the people from the ship during this time.

After awhile the girls were allowed out of the compound where the enemy
tribesmen inspected them curiously. They spoke a similar dialect to the Negritos
of the girl's tribe and were easily understood.

Fawn and Anne stood in front of one of the elders of the tribe as he scrutinised
them both intimately, closely studying their hairy vaginas and armpits and
passing delighted wisecracks to the rest of his brethren.

They appeared to pass whatever criteria he'd set, presumably being considered as
no threat in their role of wet-nurses, and  were allowed to wander quite freely
around the village.

The first thing they discovered was the fate of the rest of their own tribe and
ship's members. They'd been segregated into two large compounds on the edge of
the village, the tribes-people in one huge one, and the ship's crew in a much
smaller one.

Neither Fawn nor Anne could see what they'd done with Jean, a person they had
both hoped to avenge themselves upon.

It soon came to light that she was such a curiosity that they'd segregated her
in a small hut of her own. From what Fawn overheard, they intended to have some
sport with her that same day. She reported this to Anne with a delighted air of
vengeance.

"Who said that revenge was a dish, best eaten cold. The bastard didn't know what
the hell he was talking about. I want to see that arrogant bitch nailed...
NOW!!!" she hissed with delight as she delightedly contemplated Jean's dilemma.

Fawn was also overjoyed when Guy, the orang-utan bounded up to her in a
possessive and intimate way, hugging her thighs and sniffing around her pubic
area in a hungry fashion. She immediately grabbed the creatures erect penis and
breathlessly stroked it till the beast climaxed in her hand.

Anne watched this performance with a kind of disgusted wonder. 'My God!' she
mused. 'This was supposed to be Fawn Sinclair. The one time wet dream of every
red blooded male. Christ... If they could only see her now.' She spoke aloud to
her sexually exited friend.

"I swear that you'll fall in love with that animal before we leave here"
remarked Anne, with just a little distaste colouring her voice. "How would your
adoring public react to their sex goddess being into bestiality?"

Ignoring her friend's lofty criticism, Fawn observed the hated Jean being
manhandled out of the hut where she was being held captive.

"It looks like the fun's about to start," she observed with a great deal of
satisfied spite.

Jean was looking extraordinarily cool and defiant as she was dragged across the
dusty compound. She was wearing just her white silk petticoat and white high
heeled shoes that looked incongruous in the jungle setting. It must have been
hot inside the hut as Jean's petticoat was soaked in sweat and her usually
flawless makeup was smeared and tear streaked.

Without ceremony, two of the natives yanked her arms above her head and secured
them to a stake driven into the ground. Then they tethered her legs wide apart
with a rough branch of wood holding them solidly akimbo.

One of the natives approached Fawn and Anne and said they'd discovered from the
gossip from Fawn's own tribe, that she'd been the object of much amusement for
Jean. He asked if Fawn would like to revenge herself on their captive.

The eager Fawn spitefully advanced on the quivering Jean who watched the naked,
fierce looking fat tribeswoman approach her and yank up the front of the white
petticoat to reveal her white satin knickers.

Jean flinched as the tribeswoman ripped the leg of her panties to one side,
baring her hairy cunt. With despair she saw the girl beckon the sexually excited
orang-utan over to her. She cringed inside as the beast inspected the trembling
nether lips, prodding and poking at the sensitive area. Jean had seen this beast
in action and knew its capabilities.

With a blood-curdling scream the ape ripped Jean's panties from waistband to
crotch, baring her palpitating hairy slit.

In despair Jean closed her eyes as Guy jumped upon her, clinging like a limpet
to her body as his probing hard penis finally found its mark after several
stabs, and thrust rudely deep inside her un-lubricated cunt.

"Ooooh...uh...uh...uh" the unfortunate girl sobbed. "P... please someone. T...
take this animal off me. I don't do animals."  She bucked and writhed in despair
as the orang-utan fucked her wet slit time after time, spraying semen into her
as she wailed and shuddered.

Guy finally fell away from Jean exhausted, shredding the front of her fragile
petticoat as he did so and baring two small pink tipped breasts. The two white
mounds quivered as Jean sobbed with misery.

She felt the ropes that held her arms aloft being cut. Turning her tear streaked
face up, she saw the gloating face of the fat native woman baring her awful red
teeth in a parody of a smile as she cut her down.

With her hands still secured in front of her, Jean teetered unsteadily on her
high heels, her feet still wide apart, held by the wooden stake that was secured
to her pretty ankles.

"Come" the native woman said suddenly, beckoning her to walk with a crooking of
her fingers. "Come, walk."

Now completely broken, Jean stumbled spraddle legged towards the hateful woman.
The sniggering members of the tribe gathered on either side of her forming a
corridor, laughing and digging each other in the ribs as the near naked girl
lurched along.

"Kneel" said the native woman as Jean reached her.

Jean's knees buckled awkwardly as she thudded to her knees in front of the fat
black woman, her legs held wide apart by the makeshift brace. With her bare
backside thrust up for all to see and weeping copiously, Jean felt the woman's
hands on the cheeks of her bottom, pulling them apart and shouting excitedly to
the other natives.

The adults of this tribe didn't seem to have any aversion to white women and,
with hopeless resignation, Jean felt the first of the blacks enter her soaking
wet cunt from behind. Choking on her tears, she remained passively on her hands
and knees like an animal as they systematically raped her, one after  another
after another.... On and on and on under the blazing, hot sun.

Jean lost count of the number of natives who raped her. She just remained
obediently hunched over as she was violated time after time. She was too far
sunk in abject despondency to hear the stuttering rattle of automatic weapon
fire.

 It materialised afterwards, that two of the crew had been away from the village
when the onslaught and capture of the crew and natives occurred. In fact they'd
been on the ship and had armed themselves and followed them through the dense
jungle.

They'd been reconnoitring the area for four or five days, returning once to the
ship to obtain more ammunition and an automatic machine-gun as well as several
grenades. Waiting for just the right moment, the two had been inadvertently
helped by Jean as the sideshow she'd supplied had distracted the whole tribe.
Waiting patiently till they were sure that most of the tribe had gathered to
watch Jean's humiliation, they struck to deadly effect.

Mowing down the bulk of the warriors where they stood, they simply mopped up
most of the others as they fled the scene. The two advanced warily into the
clearing, stepping over the bodies and firing into one or two of them who were
moaning or showing any signs of life.

Jean remained frozen in position as they suspiciously checked out the group of
terrified native women whom'd they'd studiously avoided shooting into.

"Hey. Ain't these the two maternity broads from the old camp?" said one,
indicating Fawn and Anne who were huddled with the other women. The other one
looked at them intently and nodded..

"It's OK baby" said the first man with a rough gentleness. "Me and the Lone
Ranger here have come to save you."  He turned his attention to the broken,
sobbing Jean, as Fawn and Anne hesitantly separated themselves from the group.

"Fucking Hell" he exclaimed. "Lady fucking Muck here doesn't know if it's ten
years from tomorrow."  He was studying Jean closely as she tried to curl up even
tighter, thrusting her bare bottom further up into the air in her efforts to
shut out the world.

His partner joined him and tentatively touched Jean's naked back. She shuddered
and flinched away from his touch, frantically pushing her behind up at them in
an effort to offer them the opportunity of getting on with the business of
raping her and get it over with.

"I swear she doesn't realise who we are" said the first one. "I think she's been
driven over the top. I swear I'm gonna have me a piece of this!"  The two men
looked at one another and, as if by mutual consent, looked down at the wide-open
proffered backside. Jean's tight puckered  anus was waving about in front of
them, topping the wet and brutally abused vagina.

With an almost virtuous sense of righteousness at claiming the 'spoils of war',
the first man checked that the only witnesses were the native women, the prison
compounds being at the other end of  the village. Both he and his partner
silently tossed a coin and, after checking it, the first man unbuckled his belt,
lowered his trousers and produced a large hard penis. After all, it wasn't every
day you got the chance to fuck a well-known film star, the sudden bloody
massacre stirring their adrenaline and causing both of them to have rock hard
erections.

After positioning himself behind the abject Jean, he slid the shaft into her
well-lubricated slit.

"Ooooh...uh...uh...uh... F... fuck... F... fuck... F... fuck..." Jean grunted
mindlessly, working her bare backside against his lower stomach in an effort to
make him come as quickly as possible and get it over with.

The second man repeated the act, with Jean bucking and swaying in a mindless
sexual dance. Only Fawn and Anne watched them intently, never daring to move or
interfere lest they drew attention to themselves.

When they'd finished they left Jean still tethered to the wooden slat that
forced her legs apart, and went to find the others.

The released and much depleted ship's crew found Jean and the two black girls
still mutely holding centre stage as, what passed for the ship's doctor, (no
more than a glorified paramedic), attended to the now babbling girl.

"With a bit of luck that's fucked her mind up" muttered Anne as they were herded
in with the other natives from their village, the whole group beating a hasty
retreat down the jungle paths back to their own village. Jean was carried on a
makeshift stretcher by two of the crewmen...



The next few days were hectic. Captain Ireland, the ship's captain, had decided
he'd had enough of the place and wanted the ship loaded up and under way as soon
as possible. He did have a major problem however. There were several vacancies
in the ship's compliment due to the killings perpetrated by the raiders.

It was agreed with the natives, that certain of the tribeswomen would fill in
for the missing crew, with Max going along for the ride as the translator.

Kevin the chief stoker had lost both his labourers and a recovering and vengeful
Jean sifted out both Fawn and Anne to work down in the boiler room.

"But they're both obviously pregnant" objected the captain, looking at both
their thickening waistlines and bulging bellies.

"That doesn't matter" the spiteful Jean said. "These bitches can drop a kid and
start work again straight away."

Max, secretly weighing Jean up as a spiteful bitch, urged both Fawn ans Anne to
go along with this opportunity. He told them that he'd load their things onto
the ship, and that they should look for an opportunity to jump ship at any one
of the port calls that the ship made.

After that was decided, the ship finally set sail...



To be continued...




Chapter Five.


The rickety old vessel had been built at the turn of the century. The boiler
room was unbelievable. It was the old, coal fired type and the two girls were
consigned to the bowels of the boiler room. Kevin explained in pidgin English
that they'd be expected to work and sleep down there. "No go up to deck" he
painfully enunciated to the two girls. "No mix with white missy and masters.
Understand?" The two girls nodded mutely and settled down on the rough sacks
he'd provided, resigning themselves to another period of slave labour.

The weeks that followed were nothing but hard work and sleep for them. The
constant pall of coal dust settled on their sweat streaked black skins,
darkening them even further with a dull matt sheen that was constantly with
them.

Conserving a little of the drinking water they were allowed, the girls could
clean their teeth with the coal dust, (Anne had read in the Readers Digest that
this was very effective). This proved very efficient in removing the red betel
nut stains from their teeth. However there wasn't sufficient water to cleanse
themselves so they had to remain coated in the coal dust.

The toilet facilities were equally as crude, being merely a sort of can in the
corner that let directly out to the sea. The girls found they had to both
urinate and defecate in full view of Kevin the chief stoker on many an occasion.
He didn't seem to pay them any attention when they were on the can, thinking of
them only as native women.

Although Fawn and Anne weren't allowed on deck they were aware of frequent port
calls. At every port they took on tons more coal, choking up the girls lungs and
clogging their pores.

Strangely enough, their general health didn't seem to deteriorate. Both girls
were in the final two months of pregnancy and it showed. Their fat black tummies
ballooned out in front of them, crowned by protuberant belly buttons. Their
thickened waistlines led unnoticeably into their fattened backsides whilst their
plump black breasts still wept lacteal fluid. They'd been sucking each other off
for weeks to relieve the pressure.

 It was then that their true identity was discovered. It was quite by accident
when Kevin was power hosing the fresh water pipes through that the hose slipped
and the jet caught Anne's right leg. To Anne's surprise and immediate
consternation about their safety, a pure white leg showed underneath the layers
of coal dust.

Instantly alerted, Kevin shouted for Fawn to get up off the sacking she was
sleeping on. Herding the two together, Kevin turned the power hose on them both.
They huddled together in fear as slowly but surely the layers of coal dust
rinsed away revealing their pure white bodies underneath. They were just as
shocked as Kevin when their true colour was exposed. They were also very
frightened.

The slow realisation was dawning in Kevin. He'd had the two missing film stars
right here in his boiler room all along,... naked.

He hosed their hair down and made them wash it with a block of scented soap he
dug out. Rinsing it off he confirmed what he suspected. This was Fawn Sinclair
and Anne Rodgers, their now straight dark hair falling away and framing their
beautiful terrified faces.

"P... please don't tell s... sir!" whispered Fawn tremulously. "T... they've
come to kill us. Please Kevin. It's something to do with the studios insurance.
They never intended to rescue us."

Kevin couldn't get over it. He looked at the two tearful girls in front of him,
now white and vulnerable. He ran his eyes down their bulky bodies. Fawn was the
bigger of the two, her huge white tummy jutting out in front of her shadowing an
extraordinarily hairy vagina. Her large white breasts were drooping down on
either side of her rib cage much as Anne's were, and both girls distended
nipples were surrounded by huge dark aureoles as a result of extended suckling.
He thought he'd died and gone to heaven. Looking at Fawn's drooping sac's oozing
milk, he could feel himself hardening as she gazed in tearful and utterly
delightful appeal at him.

"Oooh please Kevin" put in Anne. "Please don't give us away. We'll do anything
for you." She'd not failed to notice Kevin's obvious, drooling excitement at the
sight of them now revealed without the coal dust and black skins.

Anne pushed out her fat belly suggestively and ran her hands slowly over the
taut stretched white skin. "We're on this ship for a good long time. Just think
Kevin, the next baby in here could be all yours. Don't forget who I... who we
are. We're the famous film stars. Many men would kill for your place. All you've
got to do is to keep quiet about us. I know we're big and fat now, but that'll
soon be over. Then we'll be nice and slim for you. Just think about it. Fawn
Sinclair and Anne Reynolds, naked and willing for you anytime!" she crooned
seductively.

Kevin watched entranced as Anne ran one hand under the fat bulk of her tummy,
teasing her fingers through the thick bush surrounding her vagina whilst rubbing
the other one across both drooping milk filled tits, causing them to spray small
jets of fluid from the large rigid nipples.

Ever anxious to please him and aware of their drenched, bedraggled appearance,
Fawn urgently asked Kevin to bring their two chests to the boiler room. "I saw
Max loading them and they've got all our cosmetics in them. There's also lots of
sexy clothes in there" she urged desperately.

"I could get myself in deep shit for that" he muttered weakly. "If I help you,
you've both got to promise that you'll carry on stoking the boilers, and keep
well below decks."

They both nodded an eager assent and he allowed them the unheard of luxury of
using his hot water bath as he went to retrieve the trunks. The two girls
cleansed themselves thoroughly, marvelling at the almost complete way they'd
regained their original skin pigmentation and hair texture, the long straight
auburn tresses of both girls drying to a glossy sheen.

Pink and glowing from the bath and brisk towelling, the two naked girls watched
with anticipation as Kevin hauled the large heavy trunks down the narrow iron
ladder and into the boiler room.

They both fell onto the trunks, giggling and excited as they put on their
make-up for the first time in months. They looked wonderful. Looking at each
other and giggling in nervous expectation they arranged each others hair in the
smart styles they customarily adopted.

From the trunk they took the only panties that would fit them, pale pink French
knickers trimmed with white lace. They were pleated at the waist, allow their
large tummy's to become accommodated by them. None of the dresses or skirts
would fit them so they slipped on some high-heeled sandals to parade about in
front of Kevin.

Feverish with excitement, he watched as the two famous stars both came and stood
submissively in front of him, their huge silk covered tummies thrusting out in
front of them. Fawn was fondling the smooth slickness of her panties, running
her trembling fingers down over her bulging belly to the burning slit between
her legs.

"Ooooh... we'll have to adapt some of these clothes to excite Kevin won't we
Anne darling?. We'll have to let him fuck us in so many ways. He'll protect his
little Fawn and Anne won't he?"

All the while Fawn was backing into the only chair in the boiler room. It was an
old-fashioned cane chair and she sat down in front of Kevin still massaging her
vagina through the silk gusset of her panties. Draping her legs over each arm,
Fawn's beautiful crimsoned mouth opened slightly in a pout of passion as she
panted at the thoroughly aroused seaman.

"Do you want to see my cunt now that you know who I am Kevin?. Would you like to
think that this was your baby in my tummy?. It can be you know. The next one
could be yours. Anne and I can't get enough of it now can we Anne?" she purred
seductively, now unnaturally aroused herself.

She slowly drew the silk covering to one side to bare a visibly pulsating wet
and hairy slit. Her huge stomach loomed up in front of her like a balloon as she
pulled apart the lips of her cunt, a hand on each side, showing him the
glistening pink insides and the sensitive clitoris sticking out from the centre.
Meanwhile Anne had moved to his side, her newly applied perfume overpowering him
as she slid a cool hand under the waistband of his trousers. Worming her cool
little hand down, she took hold of his hot erect penis and gently caressed it,
unzipping him with her other hand and pulling the trousers away at the front.

"Ooooh... Fawn" she breathed. "Look at the size of Kevin. Wouldn't you like this
pushed up inside you?."

"Yes.... Yessss" gasped Fawn, now stickily messing her fingers up with the
freely flowing juices from her excited cunt as she rubbed faster and faster.
She'd pushed the large silk knickers down to the tops of her thighs and they
were held taut by her wide opened legs.

"Isn't Anne sweet Kevin? Isn't she pretty? Look at her floppy tits. They used to
be the prettiest in Hollywood. Now they're like mine, all bloated and full of
Mommy's milk." Fawn squeezed milk out of her itching nipples to illustrate the
point.

"You like that though don't you?. You like our big fat bellies full of baby too,
don't you?. As soon as we've dropped these I want to be fucked and fucked till
I've got another one. It could be yours Kevin. I want you to make me pregnant
again. Will you let Anne put your prick inside me?."

She'd got off the rickety chair by now and was looking down at her wide open
slit, pushing the fat bulk of her jutting tummy to one side with her forearms as
she pulled the lips of her vagina wide, the pale pink panties a straining band
at the top of her plump thighs.

She half shuffled across to Kevin and Anne, awkwardly holding her cunt open as
she teetered on the now unaccustomed high heels. When she reached them she
pressed her portly white tummy against Anne's. She kissed Anne lingeringly on
the lips as Anne's other hand lightly caressed her corpulent abdomen.

The two beautiful girls looked into each others eyes as Anne whispered
feverishly at her fellow film star.

 "Ooooh... Fawn darling. Push your cunt out and I'll guide Kevin into you."

As Fawn pushed out her hairy slit, Anne gently pulled Kevin's penis over to it
and introduced it to the wet pink mouth. Easing the hard shaft slowly into her
friend's velvet sheath Anne gazed in enchanted fascination as Fawn, oozing slimy
fluids, enveloped the rigid member.

With her small hand now trapped between their thrusting hairy lower bodies, Anne
turned Kevin's face to her own and opened her crimson mouth wide. She kissed him
deeply, feeling his hand sliding her own knickers to the cheeks of her plump
bottom and groping down the cleft till his fingers found the tight puckered hole
of her anus.

She gasped and widened her legs, urging him with demanding, twitching jerks of
her body to push his fingers into her asshole. Shuddering with delight Anne gave
a small scream as Kevin's fingers brutally thrust into the most private part of
her being. She was even more delighted when she felt Fawn's gentle fingers
probing at her hairy vagina, entering her from the front.

The three of them satisfied their various lascivious needs, grouped together in
a small circle as they fingered and thrust away at each other with loud gasps
and groans. Both Anne and Fawn felt their knickers sliding down their legs to
end in a silken puddle at their feet leaving them naked once again.

Whilst Kevin was adjusting his clothing afterwards, Fawn and Anne embraced each
other, flatly pressing their pregnant bellies together and wildly kissing each
other.

"Right you two" said Kevin brusquely, recovering his wits. "If you want me to
keep quiet you'd better get about stoking again. If anyone comes down here and
finds out your white you're going to be well and truly fucked."

Stepping out of her panties and high heels, Anne picked up a shovel whilst Fawn
took her break on the dirty sacks. Pausing by the makeshift toilet she straddled
it and, surreptitiously looking at Kevin from under her beautifully made up
eyes, she started to urinate copiously. Kevin watched with no small satisfaction
as the gorgeous girl spurted out the contents of her bladder in front of him.

He continued to look lazily on as Anne slaved away with the shovel in front of
the stiflingly hot furnace, sweat pouring liberally down her fat body as the
dense dust that was created, soon completely covered her, settling thickly on
her perspiration slick body and ingraining itself till she was as black as any
of the natives again.

When Fawn's turn came she too was soon behind the anonymity of the blackness and
not a moment too soon, as the steward came down the steps to bring the three
their meals, casting only a cursory glance at the girls.

Kevin's exclusive little sex club remained unthreatened for the moment.



Kevin proved extraordinarily adept over the following few days. Being a seaman,
he'd acquired some uncommon skills, one was being a very good seamstress and he
managed to adapt several of the girls outfits to fit them.

He set aside a special evening three weeks later for the girls to get bathed and
ready for him. They were equally as eager as he was for the coming debauchery.

Kevin settled himself while the girls, giggling and joshing each other, applied
their cosmetics and dressed in his small cabin. When they coyly emerged his
heart began pounding. Looking at their beautiful faces, they were as stunningly
gorgeous as they were in the movies, their make-up and hair was flawless and an
intoxicating perfume drifted over to him as they stood submissively in front of
him, shyly holding each others hands.

Because there was a surplus of good quality black material, Kevin had adapted
two smart black costumes, which the girls now wore with their black high-heeled
shoes.

Their girths were now enormous, their bellies straining against the smart short
black skirts they were wearing.

"Well?" demanded Kevin. "Lift up each others skirts and start playing with each
other."

Anne gave him a slow sultry smile and turned to her friend.

"Do you want me to pull your skirt up Fawn darling?" she enquired sweetly,
running her small white hand over the huge roundness of her own stomach.
Unfortunately both of the girls beautiful nails had long since snapped off with
the hard labouring they'd been forced to do.

"Ooooh yessss pleeeease Anne" cooed Fawn, also turning in to face Anne. "Let's
show Kevin that film stars have the same sexual equipment that ordinary girls
have got. Here darling... Let me show him how pretty you look in your new
knickers and things." Fawn reached down to the hem of Anne's dress and took it
with shaking fingers.

As she tugged up the front of Anne's skirt, Fawn herself was eagerly
anticipating the sight of Anne's beautiful hairy cleft. Fawn got the skirt as
high as the lower half of Anne's ballooning belly, revealing the girls had both
put on flesh coloured nylon stockings secured by white garter-snaps. They'd also
managed to squeeze into some elasticised, lacy white panties. Anne's huge white
gut hung slackly over the low waistband of the knickers and Fawn's shaking hand
went out to it, stroking the profuse dark pubic hair that spread out over the
top of the skimpy garment.

"Oooh fucking hell Fawn" groaned the lovely girl, her eyes closed in ecstasy and
her legs trembling as she spread them. "Feel me. Feel me. Uh... uh... uh... "
She quickly grabbed the back of the skirt and hauled it up with some difficulty
over her plump backside, baring the white, silk clad globes.

"Do you like this Kevin?" Fawn panted, bending over as far as her fat belly
would allow her and probing inside Anne's panties with her fingers. "Do you want
me to pull my skirt up too?" she breathed urgently, reaching behind herself and
inching the tight black skirt up her perfect legs, up past the tops of the
unaccustomed nylon stockings till the garment was stretched to the limit across
her wide pregnant bottom.

Upright in front of Fawn, Anne looked very much like one of the old fashioned
Kelly dolls. A huge expanse of bare white flesh hung over her inadequate panties
that didn't conceal the pubic hair that bushed out from the waistband and the
sides of the legs.

"Pull your fucking udders out then" Kevin crudely ordered the frenzied Anne.

Anne hastily pulled down the low front of the white cotton sweater under the
black suit jacket. She dragged out one swollen mound then the other, baring them
to Kevin's gaze and laying them on top of her high, distended belly. The two
globes were actually trembling like jellies, the large brown tips leaking
lacteal fluid with each involuntary movement.

"Get on your knees whore" commanded Kevin of Fawn, throwing a rough piece of
sacking at her feet.

Fawn lowered herself to the makeshift mat with some difficulty, her sheer bulk
was now making it difficult for the poor girl to manoeuvre herself easily.

"Now bow down in front of your friend" he commanded.

The bemused but aroused Fawn lowered her head and placed her elbows on the crude
sacking, kow-towing to Anne as her bottom stuck out towards Kevin, revealing her
small blue satin panties. Fawn's bloated tummy was actually touching the floor
as she crouched in front of Anne.

"Pull her skirt up as far as it'll go. Unbutton it and haul it up" Kevin
instructed the flushed Anne. "I want the skirt up and her knickers down" he
added crudely.

Anne leaned over Fawn's back and undid the two buttons and the zip of her skirt.
Straining her own protruding girth she took hold of the hem of the skirt and
tugged it up Fawn's back, the garment slipping easily up as far as the base of
her breasts, uncovering Fawn's huge distended belly hanging down, rather like a
cow's udder with her belly button sticking out resembling a teat.

None of the panties from the trunks would fit the girls, and the waistline of
Fawn's didn't completely cover the globes of her bottom. Anne took hold of the
elasticised waist and pushed it all the way off Fawn's plump behind and down her
thighs. Both girls had put their knickers on under their garter-snaps in order
to keep them up, so Anne could only push them down to the tops of Fawn's nylon
stockings.

"Further" urged Kevin, his trousers now pushed down about his thighs and his
hard penis in his beating hand. "Push them down past her fucking knees."

Gasping and panting with lust and the effort, her full breasts now spraying out
milk, Anne forced Fawn's knickers down, stretching the elastic of the
garter-snaps and trapping the panties under the submissive girls knees. This
left Fawn naked from her breasts down, abjectly presenting her bare quivering
rump to the leering Kevin.

He seemed quite content to lean back in his seat and view this tableau whilst
slowly masturbating himself. After a while Anne asked with an urgent and swiftly
growing insistence.

"Kevin... Kevin... Do you want me to do anything else to her?. Shall I pull my
own knickers down?. We're both ready can't you see? We really, really need it
now. Do you want me to beat her bare bottom?" she whimpered, eyeing Fawn's bare
white butt excitedly.

Fawn was sobbing gently in frustration by now as she furtively fingered the
burning hairy slit between her legs.

Taking the initiative, Anne reached for a cane she'd found amongst the kindling
for the furnace. Raising the whippy implement high, she brought a resounding
blow to Fawn's unprotected bare bottom causing the poor girl to yelp in pain.

After two or three more cutting swipes, Anne put the cane down temporarily and
hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her own knickers, pushing them down her
legs to the fastenings of her garter-snaps. Keeping in mind what Kevin wanted
her to do with Fawn, Anne forced her own stockings down, stretching the elastic
garter-snaps till her panties were below her knees and resting on the top of the
wrinkled nylons.

Undoing the four small buttons on the side of her black skirt, Anne inched it up
off her fat stomach and hauled it up to the base of her weeping breasts, leaving
her also naked from her breasts to her knees.

"My God" Kevin exclaimed. "You two think you're above all other women don't you?
You're both fuck all but filthy sluts aren't you? Standing there like beached
whales with your bellies hung out and your fucking cunts bare"

"Yessss... yessss Kevin!" agreed Anne eagerly, holding up her huge white abdomen
in both hands to display the hairy genitalia below. "We just want to please you
and if you say we're sluts, that's what we are. Look at her grovelling about on
the floor. Such a big star and such a fucking whore. Look at the size of that
ass and that gut. She's just dying to be beaten, aren't you, you fucking fat
cow?"

The abject Fawn just nodded as she continued to massage her cunt, slipping two
fingers inside herself as Anne brought the cane sharply down on her exposed
bottom once again.

As Anne continued to beat the sobbing Fawn, bringing up angry red welts on her
quivering white behind, she persistently kept demanding.

"Tell Kevin what a couple of tramps we are. Tell him how you let that fucking
ape shag you... and how you loved it. Tell him how you piss anywhere in front of
anybody. Tell him how you just squat down and even fucking sit in it you dirty
bitch." Anne laid the cane on with a vengeance as she went on. "Look at me
Kevin. Look at this big fat gut of mine. I know you find it sexy because I've
seen you looking." She heaved her belly up with both hands till it bulged
alarmingly. "There's a black baby in there. I don't know who's it is but the
next one could be yours. Ooooh... Kevin. I want it to be yours. Watch this."

Holding her distended stomach up with one hand, Anne reached under with her
other and spread her fingers each side if the hairy mound. Bowing her legs
outwards and thrusting her pubic area forward she squeezed lightly on either
side. Kevin was amazed to see Anne's cleft open fully as her glistening pink
clitoris emerged from the deeper red lips that surrounded it. The whole raw area
was shining with sticky, slimy moisture and Anne trailed her fingertips through
it whilst an adoring Fawn gently kissed the prominent clitoris with her carmined
lips.

Anne had hauled her gigantic paunch up as far as it would go to allow Kevin to
leer at her genitalia. This had caused her large drooping breasts to sag slackly
on either side of the huge white mound as they freely seeped milky liquid. Her
prominent belly button was popping out almost like a miniature erect penis.
Kevin thought she looked hugely erotic as she dropped her belly and commenced
caning Fawn again, finally discarding the cane as she became exhausted.

He went over and knelt down behind Fawn's red and burning bottom, slipping his
hard penis into her moist slit and savagely slapping it in and out as she
groaned with sheer pleasure and thrust her bare buttocks up to meet him.

"TELL ME... Tell me you'll give me a blow job when you're giving birth" he
demanded of both girls.

"Oooh yes" agreed Anne immediately, whilst Fawn could only nod her agreement as
she approached another shuddering climax.



In fact it was just three weeks later that the girls gave birth within a few
days of each other.

They'd again bathed and dressed up for yet another sex session with Kevin when
Fawn felt the first labour pains.

"It's started and it's going to be quick. My water's started to burst" she
gasped, quickly hauling the tight black skirt up to her waist and tugging the
brief white panties down to her knees where they were again trapped by the
garter straps.

Kevin and Anne looked at Fawn's bared cunt and saw liquid starting to spurt out,
wetting the knickers at her knees and soaking the floor. They hurriedly laid her
down on the rough sacking that constituted the girls bedding and Kevin forced
the panties over her knees and started to fumble with the fastenings of her
nylon stockings.

"Its too late" wailed Fawn, just managing to slip one nylon stocking over her
ankle and spreading her legs wide. "C... come round h... here Kevin and take out
your p... penis... uh... ugh..." She'd not forgotten what he'd asked them to do
for him whilst they were in labour and now felt obligated to protect their true
identity by pleasing him.

Leaving Anne to deal with the delivery, Kevin knelt by Fawn's face as she
scrabbled his zip open and took out the hard and erect penis. Kissing the rigid
shaft lightly with her newly crimsoned lips, Fawn let it rest on their cushion
softness till the next shooting pain hit her.

'The most beautiful woman in the world's' lips moved teasingly under Kevin's
throbbing prick as she whispered and groaned to him. "When the next pain comes
I'll open my mouth and you just push it in. I'll have too much to think about to
do it myself."

At that moment Fawn's fat tummy contracted in the middle and her mouth opened
involuntarily to scream. Kevin swiftly pressed his straining member into the hot
wet orifice, gagging Fawn's cries with a gurgle as she arched her back.

Clamping her lips down over the shaft and making sure she wasn't biting it, Fawn
fought the contractions as she suckled deeply on the pulsating flesh.

Kevin had never been fellated like this before. He saw Fawn's peach coloured
cheeks draw inwards as she sucked with a kind of distracted gluttony on his
engorged flesh. He felt a thrill of ecstasy as the hot spittle in her mouth
surrounded his prick, rubbed in by the frantically squirming tongue that was
slithering quickly over the sensitive gland.

Fawn's draining sucks eased as her contractions temporarily ceased, only to
resume with more vigour as the pain hit her again.

This went on for almost an hour with Kevin spurting semen into her mouth on
three or four occasions, covering her teeth, tongue and the roof of her mouth
with sticky sperm, which she swallowed without thinking.

It was only when the baby was finally delivered squalling by Anne that it was
realised Fawn was giving birth to twins. The second baby was swiftly delivered
followed by an inordinately profuse amount of afterbirth as Fawn lay drained and
sobbing in pain and humiliation in front of both of them.

"Well now... What have we here?" a hated female voice purred from the hatchway.
"If I'm not fucking mistaken its the two fat native bitches. What's the matter
then?. Gone pale with fright have we?." It was Jean, chuckling meanly.

She stood in the hatchway with a satisfied smirk on her beautiful face. "Well
hello Fawn. Hello Anne. Well this is a turn up for the books isn't it?. I know
you've won an Oscar Fawn but this must've been your finest performance. What did
you do?. Black up?. I was fucking completely fooled, but I've got you now!!!!"

She swayed over and stood over the truly mortified and exhausted Fawn, staring
down in fascination at the bloody mess between her legs and gloating. "Showing
your true colours the pair of you" she said, glancing at Anne who was squatting
at Fawn's side, her bulging midriff overhanging the waistband of the brief black
skirt that had ridden up her legs to expose her bare white thighs above the tops
of her nylon stockings. "You're just a big fat slut aren't you?" she said
scathingly.

"Oooh p... please don't kill us Jean" quavered Anne. "We won't come back if you
just leave us alone. You can just carry on as if we were dead."

"Shut up you fucking whore" squealed Jean, incensed that this woman, who'd
witnessed her being raped by the ape and the natives, should be pleading with
her like this. Anne had turned on her high heels to face Jean, her legs akimbo
and her huge paunch resting on her spread, nylon covered knees.

Anne noticed, even through her fear, that Jean was staring directly between her
legs. With a natural instinct for survival, Anne allowed her chubby thighs to
part revealing the thin white band of her panties to the girl.

To Anne's chagrin Jean immediately looked away and ordered Kevin to get both
girls up on deck.

Helping her bleeding friend and carrying the two black baby boys, a trembling
Anne struggled up through the hatchway and out on to the main deck where it
seemed a bossy Jean was assembling the whole crew.

"Well. We've finally found them" she said with obvious satisfaction. "Now it's a
matter of making sure that no one ever finds them again" she added in a lower
tone.

This threw Anne into an immediate fearful panic.

"Ooooh... please Jean" she sobbed. "We promise never to emerge again. No one
will ever see us if you spare us." She cried in abject terror, on her knees and
pleading to Jean.

"Well you'll be relived to hear that, that wasn't what I had in mind for you.
It's something much, much worse than that" Jean informed the girls with distinct
relish. "We're taking you to a privately owned island that you'll never, NEVER
leave."

They later found out that Jean was referring to an island several miles off the
coast of New Guinea that had been purchased outright by a scientist who'd been
nicknamed 'Dr Moreau' by the ships crew. The name had stuck till he was known by
no other name. The girls were to find out to their cost how he'd earned the
grisly nickname.

"Right you two bitches. Let's have the fucking clothes off. As far as I'm
concerned, you're both still fucking boiler room labourers and that's what
you'll do till we get to the island. Fawn can be excused for a couple of days.
That means you'll be doing the extra Anne. I want you both naked at all times on
board this ship. You're fuck all but native labourers as far as I'm concerned."

Jean gloated with pleasure as the two girls abjectly stripped in front of the
whole crew, Anne having to help the exhausted Fawn as the afterbirth slid out of
her, causing sniggers and jeers to emanate from the crew. Tugging her jacket and
blouse off, Anne felt strangely mortified now that the men knew who they were.
She glanced across at her friend who was feebly struggling out of her clothes,
pushing the blood stained skirt down her legs and painfully stripping off her
nylon stockings.

Trying to turn away from the bulk of the men's stares, Anne undid the catch on
the large sized brassiere and released her large drooping breasts. The two huge
white udders lay on top of her bloated paunch, leaking translucent liquid from
her enormous rigid brown nipples. The onlookers murmured their salacious
approval of the girls undressed state as Anne undid the buttons on the side of
her skirt and stepped out of it, kicking off the high-heeled shoes at the same
time.

Finally facing the men dressed in only her brief white panties, garter belt and
stockings, Anne stripped the whole lot down her legs and straightened up in
front of them completely bare again, only this time she wasn't the native they'd
disregarded before. This time she was Anne Rodgers, film star.

She vainly tried to hide her pubic area and her large sagging breasts with her
forearms, but Jean made Anne drop her arms away and grab her bulging belly on
either side to haul it up for the men to get an unrestricted view of her
prominent hairy slit. Anne couldn't help heaving her tummy to one side to look
down at herself. She could see her vagina quite plainly thrusting out through
her pubic hair, the pink lips actually gaping wide and her red clitoris standing
out from the centre. It had become so moist through her enforced exhibitionism
that a small trickle of fluid was coursing down her plump inner thighs. Tears
misted her eyes as she watched Fawn finally struggle off the last of her
garments to lay exhausted and naked in front of the ships crew.

Jean made Anne walk gracelessly up and down in front of the ships company,
literally waddling about now as she heaved her great bulk in front of her, the
bare cheeks of her wide bottom quivered with each step and caused such coarse
comment it made her flush with shame. The miniature wet red lips of the cleft
between her legs, opened and closed like a fish gasping for air with each step
she took. Anne now knew what it was like for Fawn and herself to be complete
slaves to Jean.



Both naked girls were despatched back down into the engine room where Fawn was
allowed a brief two days of rest on the filthy sacking whilst Anne slaved away
feeding the hungry furnaces, sweat streaming down her bloated body as she again
turned black with the clogging coal dust. By the time Fawn had recovered enough,
Anne felt as if she was dying with pain and fatigue.

Max had appropriated the two boys, saying they were members of the tribe. Fawn
saw them twice a day when she had to suckle them, one on each large tit sucking
greedily. No matter how she tried, Fawn couldn't develop any maternal instincts
for the two of them. Luckily for them, both girls were far too egocentric for
that.

Anne was greatly relieved when Fawn was well enough to spell her on the
furnaces. She was beginning to feel the total weariness of the extended
pregnancy till, when her water's broke, it was almost a blessed relief.

When Jean learned of the imminent birth she had Anne transferred to the main
deck and laid out naked for the whole crew to witness the delivery. Fawn was
recruited to return the favour and deliver the child.

The ships crew lounged around as Anne, her legs spread wide and her cunt gaping,
gasped and groaned as Fawn urged her to bear down. The final ignominy was when
Jean had the unfortunate Kevin brought up to the deck. "Well you immoral bitch"
she spat out to the agonised Anne. "You don't make any promises you can't keep.
Take your fucking prick out Kevin and shove it into her mouth!."

Gagging on Kevin's erect penis, Anne grunted and moaned away till she finally
gave birth to a squalling black baby girl. Again Kevin found himself shooting
semen into the girl's mouth during the course of the delivery.

A similar period of time was allowed to her as Fawn had enjoyed before she was
again set to work in the engine room.

Over the next few weeks the girls were worked day and night in shifts, feeding
the roaring furnaces as sweat streamed off them. Apart from the time allowed for
sleeping like the dead, their only other breaks was for meals, which sometimes
didn't come for two or three days.

This regime had a startling effect on them. Their lithe young bodies firmed up
as the fat dropped off. The only part of their bodies that didn't alter was
their breasts, appearing even larger as their weight diminished.

Finally, when the girls felt they couldn't go on any longer, Jean sent orders
down to the engine room that the ship was due to dock at the island in two weeks
time. She was beginning to worry that the two film stars appearances wouldn't be
up to Dr Moreau's standards. He apparently set pretty exhaustive standards for
any of his 'guests' and Jean now set about fulfilling them...


To be continued...




Chapter Six.



Much to the two beauties relief, they were allowed hot baths every day, soaking
their weary bodies till they began to glow again with health. Their fingernails
started growing again and their hands and feet began to soften with the lotions
that Jean sent down. They were too grateful to ponder the unusual munificence of
their rival, and the reason why she was doing it.

Whilst they were still not allowed any clothing, they were at least allowed to
wear high heeled shoes from their trunks to prevent their feet hardening again
or picking up any of the all pervading coal dust in the furnace room.

They were also allowed to do each other's hair, and were encouraged to wear
their cosmetics.

When Jean came down to inspect them on the eve of their docking, she was clearly
envious of their ability to recover their stunning good looks so easily and so
quickly.

She'd brought down some of the chic clothes that the two film stars had in their
trunks. "Here. I want you to put these on" she instructed them in a peremptory
fashion, handing them to the girls. "I want the seamen's silence when we leave
you on the island, and this is as good a way as any to secure it."

As they were dressing, Jean explained that they were throwing a party up on deck
at which she'd promised the crew the unstinting favours of the two film stars.
In fact, the way she explained it, she'd virtually given them carte blanche to
continually rape them.

"You'll do anything they want" she cautioned. "I don't want you to have any
reservations whatsoever about any request, no matter how 'off the wall' it may
seem. If any of this is disagreeable in any way to you both, say so now and
we'll just have to find other means to deal with the problem, and I think you
know just what I mean!" she added, with undisguised menace.

Fawn and Anne had no doubt what the 'other means' meant and hurriedly agreed to
go along with Jean's itinerary, hastily dressing in the fashionable clothes that
she'd handed to them.

Even though the girls had lost a lot of weight through sweating in the boiler
room and not being fed very often, their busts were a big problem in every sense
of the word.

Even the largest brassiere in the collection of underwear they had was too small
for their big sagging udders. In the end Jean told them to leave their breasts
unfettered, allowing them to flop down to their bellies when they straightened
up.

When they were dressed, the two apprehensive girls were shepherded up to the
main deck for the entertainment of the crew.

The crew went wild... Wolf whistle and suggestive hoots and jeers were showered
on the two stars as they stood in front of the sex starved crew. The two sexiest
stars in Hollywood looked a little self-conscious as they allowed themselves to
be gaped at by the men.

Anne in particular was quite horrified by the amount of weight that she'd
amassed on her breasts. The white linen jacket of her fashionable suit looked
cumbersome as her sagging mounds bulked it out from inside, reaching down almost
to her naval. She couldn't believe how her beautiful pert little bosoms had
evolved into these enormous fleshy monsters.

Her friend and herself turned and posed at the various requests of the raucous
crew.

"Come over here you fucking fat charmer" one particularly evil looking old
character said to Anne. When she'd teetered over to him on her high heels, he
reached out a rough horny hand and fumbled the bulk at the front of her jacket.
"Fuck me. It's your tits" he exploded, hooting with raucous laughter. "Hey you
lot... It's her tits" he shouted to the rest of them, turning back to Anne and
demanding to see them.

Sobbing now with shame, Anne unbuttoned the jacket and allowed her weeping
breasts to swing into view, heaving them up with both hands as he shouted.

"They're fucking bigger than Jayne Mansfield's."

'Who the hell was Jayne Mansfield' thought Anne, forlornly fingering the wet
hard nipples that crowned the huge dark brown aureoles.

Anne noticed one of the other crewmen was demanding to see Fawn's vagina. She
watched resignedly, still massaging her spurting nipples, as Fawn hauled the
tight white dress up her lovely legs and beckoned the man over to her.

He shambled over with one or two of the other reprobates latching on to his
wake. Fawn, holding her skirt high, directed his gaze down to her silk covered
pudenda then took hold of the elastic waistband of the knickers and pulled the
smooth shiny front of them out for them all to look down.

Anne was distractedly reminded of the schoolyard games children play as Fawn
made them stand in line, holding out the waistband and looking down at herself
as they trooped by to look down at her hairy slit.

Anne felt her own skirt being slipped up her legs and looked down to see two of
them now intent on exposing her.

"Yes" she whispered, taking hold of the skirt herself and pulling it up to her
waist. "Pull my knickers down. Go on. Pull them down and take a look at my
cunt."

She urged them by thrusting out her pubic area in a vulgar manner and lewdly
slipping her hand inside the silk knickers to caress her hairy vagina.

"Ooooh... F... fuck" she trembled. "I think were going to be raped like we've
never been raped before."

This was like a red rag to the men, who immediately ripped off Anne's panties
and started tearing at the rest of her flimsy clothing. Through all the attack,
Anne could see that Fawn was suffering the same fate.

When the two girls were practically naked the sex starved crew subjected them to
a series of rapes. Anne found herself at one time being entered in her aching
anus and sandwiched in an upright position whilst another crewman slipped his
penis into her wet vagina.

At the end of the Bacchanal both girls lay naked and completely exhausted
covered in perspiration and semen.











The following morning Jean made the girls shower and shampoo their hair several
times, applying their cosmetics carefully and liberally perfuming their fragrant
bodies. "You'd better make a good impression for your own sake's. Dr Moreau will
make you fucking suffer if you don't look like the goods to him. You both know
the alternative to this and its very terminal."

Jean ordered them to wear nothing but high heeled shoes and ankle and wrist
manacles. "He's got his own ideas on what you'll wear" she said, smiling
maliciously at them as they put their hands behind their backs to allow their
wrists to be shackled with a chain that ran down to the ankle irons.

They were then made to disembark and stand chained to two rings set into the
wooden floor of a ramshackle jetty. Their trunks were off-loaded and placed on
the jetty also. Max had taken over the care of their offspring stating they were
members of his tribe, so they had no relief from the painful pressure in their
milk filled breasts.

As the ship was just setting sail, Fawn thought she saw the orang-utan Guy, leap
from the vessel and make off into the thick jungle.

They watched dejectedly as the old ship became a dot on the horizon...

They stood disconsolately under the hot rising sun as the morning, then the
afternoon slipped away. They had to resort to suckling themselves to obtain some
relief in their huge aching boobs, both applying their make-up afterwards in
their anxiety to please the faceless Dr Moreau when they met him.

Jean had left no food or water so the two girls were becoming decidedly fearful
by the time there was any sign of life acknowledging their presence.

Fawn first became aware of someone watching them from the thick foliage. After a
couple of minutes a figure materialised from the leafy green. The two film stars
saw it was a young woman dressed in a smart tan desert tunic top and skirt. She
was wearing tan loafers on her sun tanned legs and looked incredibly beautiful.

Without speaking, she unlocked the chains securing them to the rings and led the
two naked women off into the jungle.

After only ten minutes they came to a villa in a large clearing. The young woman
led them onto the patio and called out. "Uncle. The fresh stock's here." With
this cryptic remark she led them through the open French windows into the
presence of an inoffensive looking man in his middle forties. The man, who the
two girls took to be Dr Moreau, walked around them as if they were two exhibits
in a museum.

"Hmm..." he mused. "Where the hell did two high profile stars such as yourselves
acquire such huge breasts?." He poked at Anne's tentatively, making her shudder
inwardly.

She heard Fawn giving him a terse pr�cis of their recent misfortunes whilst she
looked down at her huge fleshy mammary's in dismay. The doctor was right. Both
girls' bosoms were obscene in their grossness. A tear pricked her eye as she saw
lacteal fluid escaping slowly from her large erect nipples. They were never
going to star in films again.

"We'll have to do something about these won't we Tamara?" he said, looking at
the girl. "Why don't you show them how I successfully reduced yours?."

Without any questions, the girl unashamedly unbuttoned the front of her tunic to
reveal the white lacy top of a petticoat. Slipping the two thin straps off her
creamy shoulders, she let the sheer top fall about her waist revealing an almost
completely flat chest, just two tiny pink nipples jutting out from tiny little
hillocks of flesh. The girls looked at them with new hope.

"My niece Tamara was quite large before I operated weren't you my dear?" he went
on silkily. "That's just one of the jobs I'm going to do for you." So saying her
ordered his niece to bring them something to wear before dinner. The two were
about to discover how he'd acquired his cinematic namesake.

Tamara led the two girls, still naked and in their leg irons, into a large
bedroom, the four walls being walk in wardrobes. They were astonished at the
sheer number and variety of costumes and clothes that the wardrobes contained,
from the ordinary stylish outfits to the bizarre.

They were then released from their chains long enough to select and don the
clothes of their own choice before Tamara re-tethered them and led them through
to a dining room where her uncle was sitting at a huge dining table.

Tamara released their hands for the purpose of eating but chained their legs to
the legs of the dining room chairs.

Dr Moreau kept up a constant dialogue of small talk throughout the beautifully
cooked meal. It appeared he was a movie buff and was fascinated by the
tittle-tattle the two girls had picked up in Hollywood about the other stars.

When the meal was finished, Dr Moreau summonsed a taciturn looking man to clear
away, allowing the girls to sit in the easy chairs but still tethering their
feet to each chair leg.

"I think it's time for you to show them how clever I've been with you" he said
to his niece.

Tamara lowered her eyes and obediently pulled up the tan skirt she was wearing.
The two girls watched with fascination as the girls green satin French knickers
were exposed. Both Fawn and Anne were intrigued and somewhat startled to see a
distinct bulge pressing against the shiny material.

Both girls gasped as Tamara wriggled the panties down off her hips, settling
them at the tops of her thighs. Sticking out from a huge bush of dark pubic hair
was a small penis set lower down than most they'd seen. It was almost purple in
colour and uncircumcised, lying on a testicle sac.

"Show them all" commanded Dr Moreau.

Tamara parted the pubic hair above the thick base of the shaft. Fawn and Anne
were amazed to see a pink vagina. "W... What the hell is this?" demanded Fawn.
"What sort of a creature is this that you've turned your niece into?"

"My niece, ladies, is what's known as an hermaphrodite. I've created the perfect
human being." Dr Moreau looked at his niece in a proprietary fashion. "She's my
crowning achievement so far. Now I'm going to start on you two."

They looked at him with horror. If he'd do this to his niece, what hope for
them?

"Oooh... P... please Mr... er... D... Dr Moreau" trembled Anne. "P... please
don't do this to us. We'll do anything for you but please not this.

"But I haven't shown you everything yet" he purred. He walked over to the
helpless Fawn and flicked the hem of her skirt up her silk covered legs. "Just
look at this Tamara. This is the most desirable female in the world today and
she's yours to play with as you see fit. Doesn't that excite you my dear?. Show
them how much it excites you."

He savagely took hold of Fawn's delicate wrists and held them behind her as he
re-cuffed them. The young film star was now helplessly bound hand and foot and
watched impotently as he yanked the skirt up to her waist to expose her lacy
knickers.

Her eyes were drawn to Tamara as the beautiful young girl took hold of the ugly
member between her legs and start to massage up and down... up and down... up
and down, the foreskin on the shaft peeling back as the glistening pink core
thrust out, hardening and growing huge before Fawn's eyes. Tamara was looking at
Fawn's state of undress with obvious lasciviousness as she slowly masturbated.

Whilst the member was still elastic enough, Tamara bent it backwards and
introduced it into the pink labial lips of her own vagina. The girls watched in
horrified fascination as the panting girl pushed the unnatural extremity inside
her wet cleft.

Tamara moved her small plump tummy backwards and forwards slowly, looking
longingly at Fawn's exposed silk knickers. Dr Moreau encouraged the girl's
interest by pulling the leg band of Fawn's panties to one side to reveal the
abundant bush of pubic hair that surrounded the film star's wet vagina.

Fawn moaned as the doctor roughly pulled apart the delicate lips of her pink
cleft to encourage his young niece's masturbatory efforts. Fawn automatically
spread her thighs wider as she felt a reluctant but compelling urge to promote
Tamara's excited interest.

"You too" Dr Moreau said to Anne. "Pull your panties down, or do you want me to
assist you as well?."

Anne reluctantly drew her tight skirt up her legs in an automatic and almost
trance like reaction. She kept her horrified eyes on Tamara's squeezing,
massaging fingers as she pushed her knickers down below her knees. Unable to
move her chained ankles she bowed her legs and slid down in the chair to allow
the girl to view her opened vagina and the huge thicket of curly dark hair that
surrounded it.

Fawn was sitting almost adjacent to Anne and the doctor said complacently to
Tamara. "There my dear. Not many people get to masturbate with two live film
stars showing their cunts to them. They look quite willing too, don't they my
dear?. Are you willing?." He flashed this question to Anne.

"Y... yes..." panted Anne, clawing at the sides of her hairy tummy now, as she
grew more and more turned on at the strange erotic sight of the (transsexual?)
woman masturbating at the sight of her vagina. "Would you like me to spread the
lips of it open?" she gasped to Tamara. "If your uncle moves my chair around
next to Fawn's I'll hold hers open as well."

Dr Moreau quickly obliged. 'These two are going to fit my purpose very well' he
thought with satisfaction as he saw Anne reach out her delicate hand and insert
her slim fingers into the leg band of Fawn's silk knickers and close into a tiny
fist. Anne started to pull Fawn's panties down.

"Ease up Fawn" she purred sweetly. "Let's both pull our knickers down for
Tamara."

Fawn lifted her bottom off the chair and Anne tugged the lacy garment off her
hips and down to just below Fawn's knees. If anything, Fawn's lower stomach was
even hairier than Anne's. Unable to carry out any depletion, the two girls were
extremely hirsute both in their armpits and in the pubic area. Fawn's thick dark
hair completely covered her lower tummy and spread up almost as far as her
protuberant belly button.

As opposed to Anne, Fawn's belly was deeply impressed with stretch marks through
her pregnancies. This had also shown at the sides of her massive milk filled
tits making Fawn despair of ever being held as a leading sex symbol again.













The two girls sat bare from the waist down, in front of the masturbating girl.
Anne opened Fawn's slit with two fingers. "Look at this slut's cunt" she hissed,
savagely pulling one wet lip to one side and making poor Fawn gasp. "She lets
anything and anyone in here you know" she went on conversationally. "She's even
allowed an ape to fuck her. Imagine that!"

The weeping Fawn sobbed as Anne cruelly jerked and pinched at her labial lips.
Anne's other hand went to her own cleft as she greedily thrust three fingers
into herself, shuddering and groaning as she had a series of orgasms.

Tamara allowed the male appendage to plop out from her vagina and Anne eagerly
reached for it. She gave a shiver as she grasped it. It felt greasy, slimy and
hot and Anne pursed her lovely carmined lips, sticking her pink tongue out
slightly as she placed the throbbing organ in her hot little mouth.

Anne sucked deeply as her hand went out to the lapel of Fawn's jacket and
furiously tore it open, the buttons flying off as Fawn's huge white udders were
exposed, no brassiere having been found that would contain either girls
gigantic, melon like breasts.

Fawn writhed as Anne punched and clawed at her spraying tits with a viciousness
that she'd never before displayed, so avid was Anne to suckle the beating organ
in her mouth till it spurted its secretions into her orifice.

With a final cruel squeeze at Fawn's painful mounds, Anne felt the hot semen
spray the back of her throat.

Retaining the fluid in her mouth, Anne struggled to her feet and took hold of
Fawn's hair. Jerking the mortified film star's head backwards, Anne squeezed the
soft cheeks on either side of her crimson mouth till she forced it open. Looking
maliciously down at Fawn's gagging pink throat, she slowly and deliberately let
the slimy sperm drop from her own mouth into her friends.

Anne sealed Fawn's mouth closed with a hard kiss on her soft lips, waiting till
she felt the girl reluctantly swallow the sticky fluid.

"Well. Well" the doctor murmured, looking at Anne's rather self satisfied
expression. "You disapprove of Fawn having taken an animal into her vagina do
you? Well... we'll have to see if we can find the little beast in you."

As he spoke quietly to Anne, she didn't feel the hypodermic needle enter the
vein in her arm till it was too late. Anne fought the effects of the drug to no
avail. The last thing was aware of was the doctor administering the same needle
into a weeping Fawn...



To be continued...




The following fiction is intended for ADULT AUDIENCES ONLY. Please read only

if you are legally considered of adult age, are not offended by extreme content,

and your community's standards permit such material.

(c) 2002 4Nick8... Rufdeal@aol.com


Chapter Seven.

Anne came round slowly. She was aware that it was a hospital environment from
the clinical smells that surrounded her. She was feeling very woozy and
disorientated by what had obviously been anaesthetics that had been administered
to her.

She looked down and found she was lying in a hospital bed with the white sheets
up to her neck. The sheets were held off her body by a cage. Anne craned her
head around and caught the reflection of herself in a full-length mirror of a
wardrobe. She was surprised to see that she was wearing full make-up and her
hair had obviously been shampooed and combed. She was relieved to see she looked
her beautiful, normal self.

Even her beautiful white teeth felt as though they'd recently been cleaned and
flossed as she ran her pretty pink tongue over them.

She heard the door open and craned her neck to see over the cage. The doctors
niece Tara came briskly round to her side and felt Anne's neck, checking the
watch on her wrist as she checked her pulse.

Looking at the Tara's perfect features, Anne couldn't comprehend even now what
her uncle had turned her into. "You'll be very pleased to know that my uncle has
got rid of those ugly fat breasts of yours and Fawn's" said Tara briskly. "There
are no scars. My uncle's an expert micro-surgeon.

Anne's hands went immediately to her bosom where, to her utter astonishment, she
discovered what felt to be two tiny buds where the huge breasts had been
previously.

As she moved her hands up and down these new creations, Anne was suddenly
alarmed to feel her hands blocked at the base of the bosoms. With a growing
sense of trepidation that grew into horror, she felt her stomach rising upwards
away from the small teats like a mountain of flesh.

Anne ripped the sheets away from the fragile cage that was covering her. Still
unsteady on her feet she pushed the cage away and struggled to her feet.

"Ooooh... N...noooo..." she wailed as she looked in the full-length mirror on
the wardrobe. The horrified girl couldn't believe what she saw.

Dr Moreau had indeed reduced her large breasts. They were nothing more than two
rather ugly protuberances dangling down. He'd done nothing about reducing the
dark brown aureoles that surrounded the large nipples. They were now solid and
hard and pointing downwards, still leaking milk, the aureoles now spreading
outwards over her chest and outer rib area. This had produced the ugly effect of
making all the area of the two drooping protuberances completely dark brown, the
same colour as the wet nipples.

Although this was shocking enough in itself, it was the other changes that
appalled Anne. Her stomach now started at the base of these tiny hillocks,
ballooning out in the most hideous fashion imaginable. The gigantic white mass
of flesh was twice the size of a full term pregnancy and the distressed girl ran
her trembling hands over the grotesque mass, flinching as she felt the distended
belly button sticking right out like the end of a small finger.

"W... why has he d... done this to me?" she wept as she discovered the doctor
hadn't stopped there. Somehow he'd greatly increased the growth of Anne's bodily
hair. The dark hair in the girl's armpits was now longer and thicker, spreading
down the inside of her arms and ribs and covering at least twice the area it had
previously. Her pubic hair now spread from the top of the division of the cheeks
of her bottom, running under her legs to bush out profusely and completely
covering the underside of the obscene paunch. The growth only halted on each
side at the front of her hips and on top by the jutting finger of her belly
button.

Then Anne noticed what the doctor had done to her vagina. "My God! What's
happened down here?" she moaned, awkwardly spreading her legs and looking in
disbelief at the mirror.

Dr Moreau had greatly enlarged her sexual organ, somehow spreading the labial
lips to lie back, displaying an enlarged pink clitoris that was glistening and
dripping in the centre of what now looked like an open wound between her legs.

Anne tried ineffectively to cover it with her fingers but she snatched them away
as she felt an almost electric reaction shoot through her lower tummy. It was
sexual and had set off a sudden sharp ache in the girl that went on growing.

To distract herself she nervously took hold of one of the ugly little teats on
her chest. Anne almost screamed with sexual pleasure as a surging thrill ran
through her whole body, culminating at the new wet slit under her gigantic
paunch.

Unable to control herself, Anne suddenly felt her vagina gushing out liquid that
she couldn't stop. She bowed her legs and looked down at herself. At first she'd
thought she was peeing herself but on closer inspection she saw that it was a
mixture of urine and a thicker viscous liquid that ran stickily down her inside
legs.

All the while Anne couldn't stop thinking the most lascivious thoughts. Visions
of purple erect cocks thrust into every cavity of her body and spurting copious
amounts of semen all over and inside her ran wildly through her mind.

Her friend Fawn featured in these erotic dreams as she both climaxed and pissed
down her own legs. They were straight from the Theatre of Cruelty. Fawn
presenting her large luscious tits to Anne as Anne lashed them with barbed wire.
Fawn thrusting a red-hot poker into her vagina and screaming. Fawn's breast
tightly bound and being pulled and pulled till the skin tore. Anne couldn't
believe the utter cruelty of her sexual reflections as she wildly masturbated.
"Ooooh... uh... uh... uh" Anne gasped as she stood in an ever growing pool of
her own making.

"You dirty, filthy bitch" shouted Tara, pushing the ungainly girl over to the
small toilet area against the wall.

The trembling girl stood with her legs spread on each side of the toilet bowl as
she continued to urinate involuntarily and noisily into the white bowl. Unable
to comprehend what had happened to her, Anne looked beseechingly at Tara as she
circled her arms on either side of the huge fat paunch and scrabbled her fingers
frantically into the cascading cleft.

"Ugh, Arrrggghhh. You disgust me," the aloof Tara said loftily, opening the door
of the ward and calling for her uncle.

Tears ran miserably down Anne's lovely cheeks as she waited in this humiliating
position for the instigator of her present condition to turn up.

As soon as Dr Moreau entered the door Anne screamed at him. "What have you done
to me? Just look at me. W... Why ooooh why?" she sobbed, not even daring to
touch the deformed parts of her body for fear of the extreme reaction.

"You invited this on yourself my dear" Dr Moreau said unctuously. "Your obvious
contempt of your friend's bestiality was like an amusing challenge. I've
redirected the mammary fat to the abdominal area, also altering the vaginal and
stomach cavity to accommodate the largest animals penis. I've also altered the
hirsute areas with a dermal papilla treatment that stimulates the hair
follicles. It compliments the gene altering I've carried out to give you more...
um... how can I put it? 'Animal attraction' I suppose. You'll find that your sex
drive isn't only enhanced towards human beings, it's also animal driven now."

Anne listened with growing terror as the doctor rambled on, explaining how he'd
become the leading biological expert of the twentieth century and how his cross
fertilisation project was second to none. "You'll notice how I've made your
breasts more like a cows teats. We should be able to milk you daily with ease
now, which we intend to do."

He explained that she was lucky he was an expert keyhole surgeon, as he'd left
no scarring.

She was close to despair as he outlined his programme of horror for her. "Why?"
she sobbed again. "I'd have let you fuck me or do anything with me. Why this?"
Anne let her elegant little hands flutter down the sides of her gross body
helplessly.

"I may not stop there," the doctor said heartlessly. "I'm thinking of a penal
implant like Tara's for you. Just think. You could satisfy yourself anytime you
wanted then."

"Ooooh noooo" she wailed. "P... please... Please... Anything but that." 'My God.
I sound like a Victorian heroine' Anne thought wildly.

Anne almost vomited at the thought as Dr Moreau's skilled hands explored the
contours of her distended belly, running them over the huge white overhang and
through the thick pelt of pubic hair in a propriety fashion.

"Ooooh... Uuuggghhh... Uh... Uh... Fuck... Fuck... Fuck," gasped Anne, as her
legs buckled under even this lightest of caresses. Anne looked down at her
heaving body and was broken hearted as she saw the two brown teats sagging onto
her bulging white paunch. They were well separated and a curious cucumber shape
that anyone could comfortably grasp in one hand. With each touch of the
doctor's, these cow like tits positively sprayed out lacteal fluid, drenching
the girls upper tummy. She was absolutely disgusted with herself as she even
felt herself start to defecate involuntarily in the wild throes of complete
sexual excitement. 

The desperate girl backed wildly over the bidet as she felt the hot, sticky
turds thrusting out of her anus, and the thick juices flooding out of her gaping
vagina. "P... Please doctor. Please make me like I was. D... Don't leave me like
this. I'll let you beat me or anything. Just don't leave me like this."

The poor girl was gasping in the throes of multiple climaxes as the doctor,
ignoring her pleas completely, instructed his niece to prepare Anne and then to
bring her through to the library. He then left the girl sobbing bitterly as Tara
bathed her and shampooed her hair, Anne's body involuntarily jerking and
shuddering as she reached one sexual climax after another.

When Tara had applied make-up to enhance Anne's natural beauty, she produced a
curious looking cream dress for the girl to wear. Tara first asked Anne to step
into a large pair of silk cream knickers.

Careful now not to let the very feel of the luxurious material stimulate her
heightened sexual awareness. Anne donned the knickers, pulling the enlarged
waist up around her enormous girth. She was then given a smart pair of her own
high-heeled sandals to wear before studying the cream satin creation that was
proffered to her by Tara.

Tara helped Anne to put the dress on. Where it didn't differ from a normal dress
was in the high neckline, three-quarter length sleeves and the mid-thigh hem. In
every other respect it was gross.

It was specially designed for Anne's new shape. A large opening at the front
from just under the breasts to the vulva allowed Anne's huge flabby paunch to
swell out in front of her, the waist of the cream silk knickers saving her from
complete nakedness. Two curious small holes on either side, only about two
inches in diameter, were cut out to accommodate Anne's ugly teats. Carefully,
and with the aid of a towel to soak up any spillage from the two glands, Tara
pulled first one then the other through the holes.

Anne looked tearfully down at the two udders. They lay on the cream satin of her
dress, sagging either side of her belly. She thought they looked like thick
squat brown snakes, the nipple not much larger than the main, and ugly brown
body. Her jutting naval stood out obscenely at the apex of the white mountain of
flesh like some small pink phallic symbol.

Tara motioned for Anne to follow her. Anne, still recovering from the traumatic
medical treatment she'd been subjected to and the utter shock she'd had viewing
the results, felt weak and wobbly on her high heels as she waddled after Tara.
Her breath caught in her throat as she realised that this was all she could do
in her altered state, waddle. Her belly stuck out so far in front of her that
she had to support it with both hands in order to balance as she walked.

"Right my dear." Came the oily greeting from Dr Moreau as she made her ungainly
way into the library. "I'm going to show you how very much I've altered you. Not
only physically, but mentally and genetically as well."

The doctor beckoned his niece over to him. With Tara facing her, Anne watched as
the doctor deliberately fiddled around behind the girl's waist. A look of minor
irritation crossed Tara's beautiful face as the doctor tugged her khaki drill
trousers down off her hips to her thighs.

Anne gasped with the sudden rush of lust that stabbed her. Her tiny hands flew
involuntarily to her crotch as she looked at Tara's white semi-transparent
panties, the dark pubic hair showing clearly and a large bulge pushing out the
front of the fragile material.

Tara smiled mockingly as she put the flat of her own hand against the front of
her panties. She teasingly edged the head of her unnatural penis out of the side
of the panties. Anne thought she was going to explode.

"That's enough Tara," commanded her uncle. Tara reluctantly pushed the
glistening dome of her cock back into place and pulled up her pants, leering at
Anne as she did so. "Come with me Anne" he went on, leading the way out of some
French windows and across to a large fenced off area that seemed to be filled
with cages.

As Anne waddled behind the doctor and Tara, she could hear animal noises coming
from the caged area.

Heaving her huge stomach up she stopped before the first one as the doctor
nodded in the direction of the cage. Inside there was a donkey. Dr Moreau had
deliberately chosen this cage. The beast's penis was hanging lazily below it. A
wrinkled grey appendage that must've been at least twelve inches in length.

Anne's breath caught at the sight of it and her vagina throbbed as she felt a
glutinous fluid pulsing out with each beat. She saw the donkey's nostrils flare
as the animal scented her reaction to the sight of its quiescent member.

Immediately, to Anne's aberrant and uncontrollable excitement, a glistening pink
shaft slid out of the grey sheath, dripping with a sticky slime. At the same
time an excited noise rose from the rest of the cages as the other animals
caught her scent.

"Ooooh... uh... uh... aaaggghhhh..." she gasped, bending at the knees and bowing
her legs in an involuntary reaction as she felt fluid oozing from her unbearably
sensitive slit. "Ooooh... Fuck... Fuck... Fuck. What's...uh... uh... happening
to me doctor? What have you done?" she sobbed, now sliding the voluminous front
of the silk knickers down off her protruding hairy belly.

"You're going to feel more and more animalistic as the days go by," he told the
frantic girl. "Soon you'll not be fit to keep in the house. Then we'll have to
keep you in a cage. Until then you'll behave yourself and do as you're told.
Now. There is the key to the cage. It's up to you whether you use it or not." He
indicated a key hanging from a nail on the framework of the compound.

By now Anne's silk knickers had dropped to her ankles as she located the wide
wet slit between her legs and desperately heaved the lips open.

Without a thought Anne kicked her knickers to one side and hobbled over to the
hook where she retrieved the key, still clawing at her vagina with her free
hand.

Her fingers trembled as she fit the key in the lock. It sprung open and she
opened the gate. The donkey came across to Anne as she closed the gate behind
her. It nuzzled quite aggressively against her bare paunch as she held her hands
on either side of its head, feeling the wetness of its probing nostrils in the
huge thatch of pubic hair now on display.

Aware of Dr Moreau and his niece watching her, Anne lowered herself to her
knees. There it was. There was the long exciting shaft she'd stirred by her own
scent to this state of need. The dripping pink end was now a good six to eight
inches out of the grey sheath and almost touching the ground.

Anne squatted by the side of the beast now, her thighs spread almost horizontal
to accommodate her huge round tummy. She reached under the animal's belly and
took hold of the slippery shaft. It jerked in her grasp as she ran her small
hand down the exposed slimy stem.

The donkey was having none of it. He persistently snorted and banged its wet
nostrils against Anne's wide-open gash.

Anne desperately pulled the long member over to her and studied the squelching
little hole at the end, climaxing again as she did so.

Gagging on the size, she fit her crimson red lips around it and started
thrusting her free hand into her own throbbing slit.

Her whole hand disappeared inside the newly constructed vagina as she felt the
beast impatiently jerk his penis out of her mouth in a futile attempt to direct
it down to her spurting hole.

Looking desperately around the compound, Anne's eyes lit upon some low bales of
hay that had been put in for fodder.

Taking the beast by his shaggy mane, Anne went over to the bales and lay down on
her back with her legs open as far as she could get them, stretching the deep
pink slit apart with the movement.

The doctor and his niece looked at Anne as the despairing girl adjusted herself
to a correct level to align her vagina with the animal's rampant cock. If Anne
had seen the full extent of the physical alterations to her pudenda she'd have
been in serious danger of going insane.

The only comparison would have been to a baboon's. The doctor had opened the
whole area, completely laying back the labial lips from her lower stomach to her
arsehole. With her thighs wide open and her enormous belly blocking off her
upper body, Anne appeared to be all glistening pink slit couched in a tangled
jungle of dark pubic hair.

Tara had slipped her grotesque, grafted penis out of her trousers and was slowly
and urgently heaving up and down on it at the sight of Anne's degradation.

Anne, meanwhile, was anxiously feeling around her huge stomach to grasp the
beast's jerking member. She found the greasy, oozing pole and introduced the
quivering end of it to her insatiable slit.

Anne screamed in pain and fulfilment as the donkey rammed the pink, erectile
part of his penis into her. She was too absorbed in the unnatural sexual act to
be at all mortified by what she was doing.

Reaching further forward, Anne took hold of the leathery shaft with both hands
and pulled it into her till the rough grey sheath reached her tender pink
opening. Squeezing the organ gently, she gave a half moan and half gagging
scream as the beasts hard and shell like sheath forced its way inside her.

Now finally appreciating why her belly was so great, allowing room for huge
organs, Anne buckled and heaved, as the donkey almost seemed to split her in
half.

She must have climaxed a dozen times before the beast shuddered and sprayed
Anne's insides with a hot and completely pounding orgasm.

'Where was it all going' she thought wildly. It was like someone urinating
inside her, so great was the jet of sperm from the rapidly cooling animal.

After she'd got shakily to her feet, Tara opened the cage and let her out,
fussily pulling the bizarre dress into place and supporting the poor girl as she
tottered back to the main house, the semen from the beast sliding stickily out
of her aching cleft and down the inside of her trembling thighs.

Tara fastidiously made Anne stand on a towelling rug as her uncle and herself
seated themselves in the easy chairs. "Now you know you're own nature" the
doctor said to Anne. "You'll find yourself getting more animal-like by the day
from now on. I'm going to breed you with as many of the beasts as possible. I've
made it medically practicable for you to conceive from these unions and that's
what you're going to do."

Ann couldn't help herself. Even this dry and horrific statement of her condition
and his expectations of her were somehow sexually exciting her. She thrust her
hand down the split in her dress and ran her fingers through the dense patch of
pubic hair as he went on. "You're going to be milked twice a day along with the
other stock. That provides me with plenty of natural weaning preparation for any
issue we get here. You see it's run just like a farm and you're part of the
breeding livestock."

He instructed Tara to take her out for the first of these milking processes.
Anne reluctantly removed her fingers from her pulsating slit to follow Tara out
into another yard that was filled with the run of the mill farm animal as well
as the more exotic wild life. In amongst this menagerie were creatures that were
neither human or animal. Anne could only assume they were some of the results of
Dr Moreau's experiments.

Leading Anne over to one of the milking bays, Tara made her kneel on a low
bench.

Anne looked down at herself and saw her two teats dangling like a brace of large
condoms. You couldn't distinguish the nipples from the rest of the ugly brown
structure. Indeed, the doctor was right. Anne looked at a cow in the stall next
to hers and saw that the beast's teats were just a pinker version of her own.

"Pull your skirt up above your ass" Tara instructed her indifferently. "You'll
see why in due course."

Following Tara's instructions and clawing the skirt as far up her fat lower
belly as possible, Anne looked down and saw that the low bench had a gap down
the centre overlooking a drainage ditch.

Tara seated herself on a low stool and reached out for Anne's teats. Anne didn't
expect the extreme reaction that she got. As soon as Tara's soft hand's enclosed
her teats she immediately and violently started to urinate. The pee gushed out
uncontrollably and with such power it reminded Anne of a horse relieving itself.
The whole dangling tube of her teats actually hardened under Tara's touch,
spraying out high-speed jets of lacteal fluid with each manipulation.

Then, to Anne's complete mortification and completely beyond her control, her
bowels again opened. She watched in horrified dismay as she defecated in large
fluid pancakes into the drainage ditch below the bench. The composition and
shape of the pats were very much like the cows in the stall next to hers.

Tears ran down the beautiful girl's face as Tara clipped her squirting tits up
to a milking machine in a businesslike manner and left her there. She stared
miserably at the milk gushing from her and through the tube of glass as she
finished urinating and evacuating her bowels.

'What has it come to' thought Anne in utter desolation. 'I'm one of the top five
movie stars in the whole world and here I am. Pissing and crapping like an
animal whilst I'm being milked by a fucking milking machine.'

When Tara finally came back to unclip her from the machine, Anne was completely
wrung out. Anne gasped as a jet of cold water hit her spread open bottom. She
remained kneeling as Tara clinically hosed down her bared nether region.

"Right bitch. Strip off that fucking wet dress and follow me."

Anne mutely struggled out of the soaking garment and stumbled after Tara, naked
now apart from her high heels. Her huge belly preceded her through the door as
they walked into the large hallway. Anne had now become aware that the doctor
had even laid back the cheeks of her bottom, to allow her to defecate whilst on
all fours but she'd now gone beyond caring.

Tara allocated Anne a small box room and Anne wearily laid down on the
ramshackle bed and drifted off into a restless sleep. Never once had she given a
thought to her friend Fawn's predicament...



Anne quickly discovered that the doctor was right. As the days went by she was
rapidly becoming more animal than human. Without the aid of any drugs now, her
metabolism was changing daily.

Even after the first nights sleep she discovered that both her pubic hair and
the hair under her armpits was spreading swiftly.

She also found that her character was altering. Anne now found that she was less
horrified by what the doctor had done. In fact, a certain amount of satisfaction
and pride was reluctantly forming about the growing animalistic side of her
nature and she found herself more than a little interested in how her body and
nature was changing.

Tara tolerated Anne's presence about the main house for a week. During this time
there was no sign at all of Anne's friend Fawn. After this period, Tara had had
enough of Anne's developing filthy habits.

Anne, hulking round the house like a large female gorilla, found that she'd
cultivated her sense of smell to a very high degree in this short period. The
only trouble was, she found herself instinctively marking out her territory.
Without any conscious thought, Anne started to urinate in odd places within the
household, peeing against door-frames and the legs of furniture. It was when she
extended this habit to the kitchen and dining room areas that Tara put her foot
down.

Along with this unsanitary behaviour, Anne's tubular teats constantly leaked
milk even after the twice-daily milking sessions.

During the day, Anne was used as a 'brood mare' in the animal compound, mating
with all the possible varieties of beast available. Every animal was frantic to
thrust its erect and jerking penis into Anne when they caught the exotic scent
of this human female on heat.

Daily Anne watched, as the changes in her body became more and more apparent.
The hair under her armpits was slowly creeping down the sides of her rib cage
and around towards her teats. Her pubic hair also spread under her legs and
across the tender white cheeks of her bottom and up to the small of her back.
Whilst in front it grew densely up her huge fat belly and past her prominent
belly button and dropping down to mid thigh.

Anne began to glory in this animal like mutation.

Tara woke her one morning after about a week of this transmutation. "I want you
naked bitch. You're a fucking animal now and animals have no need of clothes"
she said coldly. "You're going in the cages from now on with all the other
animals."

Anne removed the only thing she was wearing which was a pair of the outsized
knickers she'd been supplied with. Completely nude and hairy, she docilely
allowed Tara to lead her to the animal compound where she was locked in a cage
next to an ape that looked strangely like Guy the orang-utan.

She discovered with a strangely comforting feeling of familiarity that the beast
was in fact Fawn's old fucking partner Guy. In the next two days Guy fucked Anne
several times to both their mutual satisfaction. A very different story from her
disgust at Fawn performing the same act.



Meanwhile, Fawn had woken under a very different set of circumstances.

When she first came round she was aware as Anne was of the clinical smells and
surroundings. Looking sideways from her bed she too caught sight of her
reflection in the wardrobe mirror and noticed that she'd been meticulously
washed and groomed.

The difference between herself and Anne however was the lack of an orthopaedic
cage and a strange feeling of lightness.

Fawn's beautiful and shapely right leg was uncovered by the sheet and she pulled
the cover aside curiously. She noticed with delight that Dr Moreau had taken all
the surplus fat off her waist that she'd gathered as a result of her
pregnancies. He'd also removed another result of the pregnancies, her stretch
marks. Her tummy was now as flat and as perfect as it had been before their
misfortunes.

Cautiously exploring further, Fawn gasped as she came to her breasts. Gone were
the huge mounds she'd developed whilst with the tribe. Instead she discovered
with a thrill of horror two long dark red protuberances rather like the teats on
a cow's udder. The whole skin area of the cucumber like objects were literally
the huge aureoles she'd developed in the jungle.

Fawn snatched her hands away from them as she felt a sharp reaction in her whole
body and the lacteal fluids started to seep out of the ends.

Tara's voice floated through from an adjoining room. "Stop worrying about your
tits and put the clothes that we've left for you on the end of the bed."

Nervously Fawn put her legs over the side of the bed and stood up unsteadily.

Sure enough, there was a neat pile of clothes laid out on the end of the bed for
Fawn to clothe herself in.

Picking up the underwear, Fawn notice they were very strange clothes. The
panties she slipped on were rather like cyclist's shorts. In a blue and
completely transparent material, they were skin tight and flared at the end of
each leg, dropping down to just above her knees. The seam at the front was
incomplete, allowing a hole from the top of her hairy vagina to the middle-side,
under her legs. It was unnoticeable till she spread her legs wide. Each leg
ended in a full white lacy frill rather like a can-can dancer of nineteenth
century Paris.

There was a peculiar delicate harness affair that Fawn assumed was meant to
support her newly crafted breasts. Upon donning it, Fawn discovered that she had
to slip her teats through two holes in the fragile brassiere where they dangled
bare over the garment.

She looked at her reflection in the mirror in tearful dismay. Dr Moreau hadn't
done anything about the profuse body hair in her armpits and also covering her
pubic area. Fawn saw how the dense bush covered most of her lower belly,
flattened by the transparent panties which also revealed her pink, raw looking
slit couched in the centre. It was even sprouting above the waistband and
reaching up to her protruding navel.

Fawn slipped the tight, sky blue silk dress over her head and settled it down
over her hips. The hem fell to her knees, covering the frivolous lacy can-can
ruffles just above them.

The arrangement was exactly the same as the brassiere. Two small holes were
inset into the bodice that she had to tease her teats through. Gingerly, Fawn
did this and timorously surveyed the results. The dress was supported by two
thin straps and plunged down on either side revealing the enormous amount of
hair spreading out from under her arms. The two teats hung down outside the
dress, each one looking like a long, thin brown penis. Fawn saw there was a
smart matching blue, bolero jacket and she put it on thankfully, covering the
teats and bodily hair.

Fawn was discovering that her body wasn't the only thing that'd been designed by
Dr Moreau. Her thought processes, desires and even her genetic make up had been
altered.

She now found that the merest light touch on her erogenous zones began a series
of thrilling cravings. She also found she was getting idiotic urges to make
herself even more desirable and sexually attractive. Studying her reflection in
the mirror she saw that someone had shampooed and set her auburn hair into an
attractive chignon and applied cosmetics. Still, Fawn found a lipstick on the
bedside locker and sensuously applied it to her pouting lips.



Tara came into the room and looked Fawn up and down appraisingly. "I see my
uncle's got all that fat off you" was her only remark to the svelte girl.
"You'll come with me now. Uncle Moreau is throwing a dinner party for some
customers who are interested in you and some more 'mutes'."

Baffled by this term, Fawn, servile still, teetered after Tara on a pair of
strap high heels that she'd found and put on. She was still feeling the effects
of the anaesthetic and the keyhole surgery she'd been subjected to.

"W... where's Anne?" she enquired nervously, wobbling after Tara on the high
heels.

"If you think you've been badly treated you should be thankful. If you only knew
what your friend's had to go through you'd be thanking your lucky stars by now."

With an ominous feeling of dread, Fawn sensuously swayed her newly svelte, slim
hips into the dining room.

Gathered round the dining table was the doctor with several Arab gentlemen.

"This gentlemen, is my latest addition. You'll be very interested in this
specimen, as she was Fawn Sinclair, the world famous film star. Her plane went
down with the apparent loss of life for all the occupants. As you can see, we've
managed to salvage Fawn. I've done the usual genetic tinkering, of which you're
all familiar and approve. You'll find she'll be good for breeding purposes as
well."

Fawn was made to stand in the centre of the room in front of the guests. The
doctors words, 'Specimen' and 'She was Fawn Sinclair', echoed dully around her
befuddled mind as the Arabs stood and inspected her like a brood mare.

They seemed delighted when they confirmed that it was indeed the world famous
Fawn Sinclair who was being displayed for their benefit. One of them even curled
back her carmined upper lip to inspect Fawn's beautifully even white teeth.

As they lightly touched her in the course of their examination, Fawn found
herself gasping with passion as their tanned fingers rubbed against her
erogenous areas.

The trembling girl looked down as one of them peeled the tight blue skirt of the
dress up her legs and exposing the flattened pink gash that peeked through the
enormous amount of dark pubic hair covering her stomach.

As the Arab exclaimed in delight at this erotic sight, Fawn felt herself
literally spurting sexual juices in response to his voyeurism. She watched
horrified as a translucent stream of fluid oozed out of the raw pink slit and
glistened behind the thin blue panties.

She could actually feel, what felt like her clitoris harden as both she and the
Arab looked at her state of dishabille.

Fawn willingly grabbed the hem of the dress and held it up as all the Arab's
came to investigate the 'Most beautiful girl in the world's' weeping vagina.
Fawn found she just couldn't bear the sight of so many men just looking at her
and not touching. She eased her painted red fingernails down to her pubic mound
and lightly pressed the soft swelling inwards through the hole in the seam,
squeezing the sticky cream out of her bare slit for them all to exclaim over.

Feeling one of them fingering the hem of the bolero jacket, Fawn transferred her
glance to that area, still keeping her skirt raised to her waist. The Arab
lifted the tiny bolero jacket up above the two tubular brown teats hanging
obscenely out of the blue dress.

Fawn was thrilled to see them also harden immediately like two penises. Watching
in enraptured delight, the lovely girl saw the Arab take one in his hand. She
felt her teat twitch involuntarily as the milk started to gush out whilst she
panted and groaned.

"Oooh... uh... uh... uh... ah..." gasped Fawn, her whole body quivering with
rapture at the intrusions the Arab's were making.

They suddenly left the poor girl having orgasm after orgasm, her legs bending
and straightening and her teats pouring out lacteal fluid as they started what
was obviously an auction to buy her.

Fawn was still clawing between her opened legs when her purchaser came across to
her and slipped a dog's collar round her slim white neck. He led her across the
room to a ring set in the wall and tethered her to it as she moaned repeatedly.
"Oooh... Fuck me. Fuck me. Please... Fuck me."

Masturbating herself vigorously, Fawn watched as the sales went on.

The Arab who'd bought Fawn purchased two more 'mutes' during the course of the
sales. Dimly Fawn gathered that she was now considered a mutant and available to
be sold as a slave to further the finances for Dr Moreau's genetic cross
matching experiments.

He tethered them also to the same ring Fawn was attached to. The desperate girl
had now pulled open the hole in the transparent knickers and was squelching in
and out of her insatiable cunt with her writhing fingers as she rubbed herself
sore.

She saw that one of the Arab's purchases was a young man who'd obviously had an
animals penis grafted on. The large limp member hung slackly half way down his
thighs as he observed the film star with increasing interest.

Fawn grabbed each side of the hole in the front of her panties and pulled it
wide open. She then squatted down in a lewd fashion in front of him and started
to scoop up her own viscous juices and suck them from her sticky fingers.
"Fuck... Fuck... Fuck... Oooh... Fuck" she murmured like a mantra as her lips
began to glisten with the slimy sperm she was gathering from her draining
vagina.

Dr Moreau apologised to the Arab who'd purchased Fawn. "She needs a little
discipline perhaps?" he murmured, suddenly bringing a crop he'd been poking the
'mutes' with, smartly down on Fawn's buttocks as she screamed out loud.

The Arab, who Dr Moreau addressed as both Sheikh Ali, and just plain Ali at
times, looked at the cowed, sobbing film star with condescending amusement.
"It's alright. I like to see such a high and mighty Western star, reduced to an
animal like this. Why else do I buy your stock?"

Fawn was to discover that Sheikh Ali was one of he leaders of a powerful,
Islamic group that was extreme in its hatred of anything from the Western world,
especially females. Their misogyny amazed and disgusted her. Fawn and Anne were
leading icons from that Western world and it pleased him to be able to purchase
them reduced to such a pitiful state.

Sheikh Ali held his hand out to Dr Moreau, who handed him the riding crop.

"You!" he said to Fawn. "Pull those things down and bend over. I'm going to beat
some obedience into you."

Trembling with alarm but too frightened to disobey him, Fawn stripped the
knickers down off the cheeks of her bottom and bent over in front of him.

She braced the heels of her hands against her knees as the Arab brought the crop
down on her exposed behind with vicious strength.

Fawn screamed and screamed as the Sheikh welted away at her bare bottom in a
frenzy of blows. Fawn could feel her delicate skin splitting open with each
savage blow as the blood streamed down over her poor buttocks and thighs.

She dimly saw the bolero top drop away from her ugly, cucumber like teats that
dangled bare in front of her, spraying milk in every direction.

Fawn tried to straighten up and hold up her hands to beg the Arab for mercy. He
slashed away at her unprotected teats, slicing them open as well as they gushed
blood everywhere. She fainted when she saw that he'd almost sliced one of her
teats off.

She woke with a shock as a drenching bucket of icy cold water was thrown over
her. She woke to pain. The sheikh was still lashing at her with the crop, slowly
stripping the clothing from her bloodstained body as he systematically scarred
every inch of her exposed flesh. The pain was unbearable, her poor torn flesh
shrieking in agony as the Arab whipped her. Fawn realised he was a complete
psychopath as she caught the pitiless look in his eyes before passing out once
more.

As she slipped into unconsciousness, she dimly heard him say something about
going to Indonesia for awhile. "You think I'm going to buy this one? I don't buy
damaged goods" were the last words she heard.



Thankfully, when Fawn next recovered, she was back in the infirmary.

The pain hit her like a dull hammer as she tried to move around in the hospital
bed and she groaned aloud.

"Don't try to move." Tara's voice came from the doorway as she hurried over to
Fawn with a hypodermic needle in her hand. Tara administered the drugs into
Fawn's arm and the agony abated to a dull ache almost immediately.

She began changing dressings on Fawn and the poor girl's curiosity overcame her.
What has he done to me?" She whispered anxiously. "Does he own me now? Has he
bought me? Is he always so violent?" The questions poured out of the tortured
girl as Tara placed a finger over her lips to quiet her.

"Come" Tara said impulsively. I'd better show you how bad the sheikh can be."
She eased the distressed girl gently from the bed and helped her across to the
mirror.

Fawn would have screamed aloud in anguished horror if her poor face wasn't so
swelled up and painful. As it was, she gagged when she saw her tortured body.

Tara had taken all the dressings off so the unfortunate girl could see the
horrific extent of the damage.

Fawn almost fainted when she saw that both her breasts had been removed. At
least the teat like objects that had passed for her breasts were both missing.
In their place were two wounds that had scabbed over as had most of the scars on
her bruised and bleeding body.

Tara was immediately reassuring.

"They had to come off Fawn. My uncle is going to do something about the other
scars, but the breasts were hacked away too much. That Ali is an animal if he's
not humoured, and there was nothing we could do to stop him. I'll ask my uncle
if he can do anything to partially, if not wholly restore your little titties.
He's the world's leading plastic surgeon and he's taught me all he knows. I've
no doubt I could do it if pressed!" she added modestly.

Fawn hardly took in what Tara was saying. She could only stare in abject misery
at her bruised and battered body as her trembling hands fluttered agitatedly up
and down her slight frame. She looked skinny and child-like without any breasts.
Even Fawn's thighs were looking a little spindly, accentuated by the huge amount
of pubic hair that bushed out profusely over her lower belly. Without
high-heels, her new, slight frame looked as she had done when she was nine or
ten years old. Even her mental state was flying apart as she suddenly burst into
tears, the thought flashing through her mind that she desperately wanted her
Mommy.

Tears rolled down her cheeks as the despairing girl was helped back to the bed
by a surprisingly sympathetic Tara.

"The fucking Arab reneged on his purchase. My uncle's scrubbing up in the
theatre now and I'm assisting" Tara said, producing a hypodermic needle and
injecting the contents into the unprotesting girls arm. "You'll feel a little
drowsy as I wheel you into the theatre, then I'll administer a general and when
you wake up it'll be all over."

This was the last thing Fawn heard before she fell into an exhausted sleep...



To be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  4Nick8


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





