BDSM Library - Kat in Trouble




Kat in Trouble
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A burglar with a love and passion for her job, finds herself being trapped and bound unknowingly by her own temptation by the lure of latex on a job. A fantasy tale about crime and an unusual punishment dealt by the one she chose to rob.
Kat in Trouble

 Heidi, or Kat as she preferred to be called, was almost like most typical 23
year woman around her age. She was an athletic 5'6" with long killer legs, a
nice petite 23" waist, subtle firm 34B breasts, long silky smooth blonde hair,
luscious rose red lips, delicate sky blue eyes, firm and tight rock hard ass
that drove most men and some women nuts, nice delicate tanned skin. She also had
cat-like agility with skills to match. Her eyes were cat-like themselves with
their unique way to view in the dark without use of a flashlight.

 Kat acquired her nickname due to her fascination and love for cats, how she
moves like a cat with grace and skill with great stealth, and the fact that she
loves to dress to look like a cat a lot. Kat also made a special costume for her
nightly job that she loved to do so much. Her costume was a black spandex full
body suit that wrapped her entire body from head to toe in its silky smoothness.

 Kat had made some special additions to her costume to suit her liking and
style. The hood wrapped around her head completely having only holes for her
eyes and leather cat ears sewn on top. The spandex feet had cowhide leather
glued to the bottom for grip and silenced the sounds of her feet. A long velvet
black tail was secured to the rear of the suit. Inside the suit was a 5" long
and 3" wide rubber butt plug that was used to help secure the tail to the
costume better than needle and thread alone. On the upper right arm sleeve,
there was sewn special pouches to hold her job specialty tools.

 Kat had no living family left and chose to have little close to no friends due
to her chosen profession. Kat also chose to not stay in one location for long,
only a few months at a time when resources were picked slim. Kat is what you can
call a professional burglar with deep passion and love.

 She had recently moved to Denver, Colorado a couple weeks ago. She had spent
this time scoping possible targets to hit. She had spotted this one exotic and
rich looking house with 3 floors along the outskirts of town. From what she
gathered was that the owner had large amounts of money and was very
conservative. She learned that he had a very expensive alarm system, no animals
of any kind, no cameras, he was single with little to no company coming around.
Other than what she could figure, he was a very mysterious man who preferred
life of solitude. She also learned that he was going on a trip somewhere. While
he is gone is the time she will strike.

 He had been gone 3 days now and was not expected back till tomorrow afternoon
from what she could gather. She sat in the tree next to his massive sized yard
waiting for the right moment for her to pounce. She was wearing her cat costume
with the butt plug shoved firmly in her delicious ass help keeping her alert and
highly aroused like a cat in heat. She loved the feel of the silky smooth
spandex encasing her naked body. Her nipples erect with excitement and the
gentle chill of the night air. Her shapely silhouette shrouded within the
moonless night and almost total darkness of her surroundings.

 She carefully and silently climbed down from the tree and with great stealth
and cat like speed made her way across the yard. Kat using her cat-like agility
and grace climbed to the third floor directly under the attic ventilation cover.
She carefully pulled the cover off revealing the 2' wide whole leading directly
into the pitch-black attic. She swiftly squeezes her way through the opening and
pulls the cover back in place. It only takes a couple minutes for her eyes to
adjust to the very limited lighting of the attic before she continues on to the
small door at the end of the attic.

 Kat carefully inspects the door for any alarm triggers. After being sure that
there is none, she slowly opens the door revealing a small set of stairs leading
to the third floor. Stealthily and swiftly she heads down to the first floor
preferring to work her way from bottom to top before her departure. The entire
house is eerily silent and still.

 In one room, she spots a $50K home theater system with a projector and
projection screen. There was a huge collection of DVD movies ranging from
200-300 movies of various forms and titles. In the den she found a nice
collection of books ranging from paperbacks to hard backs of various titles,
ages and styles. Near one wall was a large leather couch and a coffee table made
out of solid marble frame with a crystal center. The desk was made out of
mahogany with a possible $500 lamp on it next to a new $5K computer.

 Apparently this guy had a lost of cash saved away and loved to spend it on
items themed on relaxation. He must have some small valuables and hopefully some
cash that she can carry out. She had not found any so far in her past 15 minutes
of careful searching. She was currently searching the wall in the den for a
hidden safe when she found a well-hidden seal. After studying the seal, she
figured that this was a hidden door hiding something worth checking. The wall
did not sound hollow, probably due to soundproof insulation installed.

 She gave the hidden door a slight push on one side with it not giving. She
tried the other side, it slowly started to budge. She continued pushing until it
fully opened revealing a short hallway leading to another door. She noticed that
this door had no obvious doorknobs or handles and gave it a gentle push. It did
not go in further than half an inch. When she stopped pushing, it slowly swung
outwards revealing a large room completely dark, too dark for her eyes. She
found a dimmer switch outside the door and gave it a small turn. As the light
dimly filled the room, she noticed that the walls, floor, and ceiling were
completely padded with black latex and rubber. The only light bulb in the room
was barely protruding out from a small indentation in the ceiling within some
sort of light bulb cage.

 The room was approximately 15' wide, 20' long and 10' high. Near one corner of
the wall was a box that looked like an oversized fridge completely wrapped in
latex. Near another corner was a small black chest. Along one wall was what
looked like a set of chains and shackles. Other than those items, the room was
mostly bare.

 Kat walked over to the chest and was extremely curious as to what could be in
it with it being in a latex/rubber-padded room. Her pussy was starting to get
moist with the sight of all the latex and rubber. This material and the room
somehow got her excited and her hormones going crazy with deep curiosity. She
opens the chest and sees that it is filled with a latex cat suit, a latex
corset, latex boots, a chastity belt, and a latex single-glove. All of this
latex wear begins to turn her on even more. Her nipples become painfully erect
as her pussy begins to soak her spandex with its sweet juices.

 Kat first pulls out the chastity belt and studies it closely.  The chastity
belt was metallic lined with rubber. It had a front plug that was 10" long and
5" wide and was made from a hard rubber substance. It had ridges and tiny
flexible rubber spikes. The rear plug was 8" long and 4" wide and was also made
of the same rubber as the front one. The rear one only had large ridges along
its entire length. Both plugs seemed different than others she had seen at sex
shops. The strap that held the plugs firmly in place was 2 1/2" wide and both
ends were flared. The waist strap was 3" wide and was a couple sizes smaller
than her waist. Each strap had a closure that looked similar to miniature seat
belt locks. Each of what looked like the release buttons had a very small circle
like keyhole. The style of the keyholes were unlike any she had seen before and
was not sure how they worked.

 Next Kat pulled out the boots. Each boot was hip high with 6" stiletto heels.
The toes each were as pointed as the heels. The latex that the boots were made
of was extremely stiff. At the top of each boot was the same type of closure as
the chastity belt but a little smaller and with the same type of keyhole.

 The corset was made from thick latex and was a bit stiff. It had stiff boning
and laced up in the back with soft leather laces. It had open cups that would
lift her breasts drastically. On the back of the corset were 3 similar closures
as the boots and belt.

 The cat suit was made of soft and shiny black latex. It was full body with an
attached hood. The only holes in the hood were for the nose and a small hole at
the top back for hair. The eyes had lightly tinted lenses. Where the mouth
should be, there was a strange hole looking like some sort of nozzle for a pump
of some kind. Inside the hood was a small hard rubber ball, she could not figure
what it was for though. Connected to the front of the neck was a built in collar
with a similar closure lock on the back of it and bolted to the front was a
small D-ring. The rest of the latex suit looked normal with a normal zipper with
flap in the back. The zipper itself looked like it connected together with the
hood zipper at the back of the neck that the collar would cover.

 She than pulled out the latex single-glove and inspected it. The laces were
made of strong and soft leather. The top of the glove had another closure lock
on it. The rest of the glove looked normal.

 At the bottom of the chest that was hidden by the shiny black latex clothing
was a big tube of a gel like lubricant. Kat than got an idea to try on all but
the glove to test the fit. She wanted to take everything in the chest to her new
place and modify them into a new cat costume. The thought of a latex cat costume
to rob homes in made her hormones race with passion. She had worn latex before
but never thought of it for this particular use before.

 Kat immediately took off all her spandex clothing with anticipation of wearing
this delicious looking latex. Her pussy was dripping with its hot juices with
excitement. She first grabbed the tube of lube and immediately applied a small
generous amount to the large anal phallus. As long as she did not lock the
closures, she would be fine without use of the key. No need for lube on the
pussy one due to her pussy already providing the lube for that itself. She
places the waist strap around her waist and places the female end into the male
end of the closure with a soft click. When the pieces clicked together, the
little button popped up and unknowingly locked in place and would remain without
the use of the special key.

 She than slides the pussy phallus deep into home and her entire body shuddered
close to an orgasm due to its size alone. Next came the anal plug and she had to
bend over to drive it home with another shudder rippling through her body in a
warm and passionate wave. The closure locked securely in place in the back as
she closed it securing the belt and both pleasure inducing plugs deep and wide
into both of her lower openings.

 She holds up the latex corset and admires it shiny blackness and the smooth
feel of its sensuous material. She places it around her waist and the feel of
the latex on her skin sends her mind into a latex dream world. She tightens the
laces up till both ends of the corset meet and squeezing her waist down from its
normal 23" waist to a sensuous 18". She attaches the end pieces of all 3
closures together locking the corset firmly in place. Her body was now a dainty
hourglass figure with her delectable breast pushed firmly up and out.

 Next came the latex suit. Kat applied large generous amounts of lube on her and
into the suit almost emptying the tube, leaving only enough for the boots. As
she slid the suit up and around her body, the latex hugged her body tightly.
After the suit was pulled all the way up to her neck and onto her arms, the hood
came next. She placed her mouth tightly onto the rubber ball inside the hood as
she started to thread her hair through the necessary hole in the top. When her
hair was completely through, she finished pulling the hood completely over her
head wrapping it in its shiny skin.

 She smoothed out the latex skin and pushed all the remaining bubbles out of the
suit making the lube swirl completely around her body. She twisted and pulled
the zipper of the hood and suit together sealing her body into it. Next she
pulled the attached collar around her neck and locked its closure firmly in
place sealing her completely in her unknown latex and rubber fate.

 She applied the rest of the lube onto her legs and into the boots before firmly
pulling them all the way up to her thighs and finished with locking the closure
pieces firmly together. The boots shined deliciously on her legs. The feel of
the latex wrapped around her entire body made her feel strange and powerful.

 Kat rubbed her hands up and down her entire body enjoying the feel of her tight
and unrelenting second skin. She imagined herself robbing houses in this
sensuous latex costume after some modifications to make it like her original
spandex cat costume. She let the latex send her into a heavenly latex induced
dream. Her pussy and ass were beginning to convulse lightly like the plugs
themselves were vibrating gently and deeply in her.

 She began to rub her latex buried sex trying to manipulate the dildos buried
deeply into her, attempting to send herself into a latex induced orgasm. Her
mind must of been playing tricks on her for she thought that her guests slowly
came to life deep within her and driving her into a deeper passion and latex
lust.

 After a small wave of orgasms and her finally regaining her breath, the plugs
felt like they went to their normal still life. She walked to the rubber covered
fridge-like box and opened. To her surprise there were restraints of all sorts
of shapes and sizes. There were whips and paddles of various shapes and sizes.
Kat also saw dildos, vibrators and phalluses of various shapes, sizes and
materials. There were other things there that she did not recognize made of
various materials and of different shapes and sizes. It was apparently obvious
by now that the owner of this house and exotic room was definitely into a BDSM
lifestyle and loved latex and rubber with a deep passion.

 Kat rummaged through the articles in the fetish cabinet till she saw what
looked like a palm-sized black rectangular box with a hole that looked similar
to the nozzle piece on the hood. She placed the box to the little nozzle piece
and pushed the box onto it. Suddenly and surprisingly the rubber ball in her
mouth began to expand. She tried hard to pull the box off but it was lodged on
tightly. The rubber ball began to expand more and more till her cheeks began to
distend and her mouth was forced open extremely wide. The box finally came off
as soon as the rubber filling her mouth completely was expanded at its fullest.

 "MMMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPPPPPHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!"

 Kat tries hard to figure out how to release the air in what she now knows is a
blow-up gag. She gives up about 10 minutes later with no luck. The only way to
get the gag out of her mouth is to remove the hood from around her head. She
reaches behind her neck and feels for the button on the back of the collar. The
button does not give and the collar refuses to release her from the suit's latex
grasp.

 It only takes Kat a couple minutes to figure out that the closures locked
automatically and will only open with the special key. She digs around the
cabinet and chest furiously looking for they keys and found none. Fear flows
through her mind as she realizes that she is locked into her self-bondage of
latex and rubber. Her only hope now would be cutting the suit off, but she did
not have the necessary cutting tools on her. She would have to make her way to
the kitchen to find knives or scissors to use.

 All of a sudden, the plugs buried deeply in both of her love channels sprang to
life at full force. As the now buzzing plugs suddenly distract her, a pair of
strong arms grabs her from behind and forces her to the padded ground. She
screams loudly into her gag as her arms are forced behind her and she feels them
being slipped into something strong. As her arms are pulled tighter together
along their entire length, she realizes that whomever was holding her down was
strapping her arms into the single-glove that she saw earlier in the chest. The
plugs in her continue to buzz loudly in her, her mind starts to focus on the
buzzing guests lodged in her instead of the arms securing her tightly into the
devious glove.

 After her arms were secured tightly, the strange arms than forced her legs
together at the ankles with leather cuffs and than pulled back behind her back.
Her legs were than secured to the ring at the end of the glove to the single
link chain connecting the ankle cuffs. She than felt a strap being wrapped
tightly above and below her knees holding them tightly together. Next her hair
was braided with a leather strap and attached to the base of the glove pulling
her head sharply back. She was now bound tightly in latex and rubber in a strict
hog-tie, mouth firmly gagged and both of her lower openings convulsing around
the pleasure inducing plugs.

 Kat's entire body begins to get rocked with wave after wave of orgasms as her
body succumbs to the latex, bondage and the pleasure induced vibrations induced
by the very live vibrators buried deep into her sweet and delicious lower
openings. Her mind now blank and her body convulsing with each mind numbing
orgasm. After about 26 orgasms, the vibrators stop and her body relaxes in its
wrappings from total orgasm induced exhaustion. Her eyes are totally blurred as
she feels herself get rolled onto her right side. Her eyes slowly begin to focus
through the tinted lenses as she views a male figure in front of her.

 "Congratulations m'dear. I had no idea that I was going to get a volunteer to
become my sex slave so fast. I have a feeling that you wished that you did not
break in and discover my little dungeon in the making. Oh well, too late for you
and perfect for me. I guess that I will have to finish this dungeon of mine
sooner than I thought."

 Kat suddenly woke up after hearing these words. She struggled as hard as she
could against her latex bonds but found quickly that she was stuck.

 "MMMMMMPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

 "No use screaming my bound beauty. This room is completely sound proof and I
have a good feeling that no one will be looking for you. Another thing, this is
what you deserve for breaking in and attempting to rob me. Good thing that I
finished my trip sooner and came home early or else I would have never found
you. It was great joy watching you undress and locking yourself into my latex
m'dear. It was a very stimulating show for me to watch. Good thing that I kept
the remote to your new buried toys in my desk or else I would of not been able
to stimulate you and bind you even tighter without a fight. You do have a very
delicious body that I will have complete control over from now on. And since you
already happen to love latex and rubber by the look of your pussy before you
bound yourself up, I have decided that I will keep you dressed most of the time
in the most tightest and delicious latex outfits of my choice. You will be
tightly bound most of the time as well. What do you have to say about that
slave? I see that you are speechless so that means you agree fully to my terms.
It is not like you have a choice though, you did trespass and attempt to rob me.
I have full legal right to do with you as I choose. This is private property as
well so don't bother hope about being rescued."

 Kat hears his words and feels them sink into her mind like burning hot daggers.
She also notices a small golden key hanging around his neck, most likely the one
that opens the locked closures securing her to her new fate. Deep fear and
sadness slowly flows throughout her entire body as she slowly begins to realize
that she is doomed to a life of servitude as a fuck doll to this devious and
seemingly demonic man.

 "Good night my latex slave, for I am off to bed to dream up with more I want to
do to you. For tonight, you will be rocked with multiple waves of orgasms while
being bound up tightly in your new room."

 With saying that, he reached into a hidden crevice in the padding on the floor
and pulled out a small chain and locked Kat's collar D-ring to it. He then
pulled out his remote and turned the vibrators on max before leaving the room
and closing the door to the latex cell and leaving Kat in total darkness.

 Soon afterwards, Kat's body again succumbed to waves of orgasms induced by the
latex, bondage and lively plugs. Her mind again became blank with pleasure and
her body convulsed in its bindings. Her fate now sealed by her own greed and
passion.
________________________________________________________________________________
_____

 It has now been a month since Kat was enslaved. Her heart, mind, body and soul
have now been completely drained of their will and now belonging to her master.
A salve had been applied to her entire body minus her head retarding all growth
of hair. Her hair had been braided with a leather lace and a metal O-ring
braided into the end of her now waist length blonde hair. Her master's mark
branded permanently on the back of her left shoulder blade.

 She is currently held in a very rigid latex body suit from head to toe. She was
placed into a body mold and covered with liquefied latex. It took a couple hours
before the latex hardened completely turning her entire body into a latex
statue. The original chastity belt from her first night was secured tightly on
her and a giant rubber pump-up penis gag with air tube holding her mouth firmly
open. Her statuesque body was put on display outside next to the door. She is
currently being punished for disobeying an order given to her master. She has
been as this latex statue for 3 days now and won't be released till her master
gets back from his week vacation in New York. Everyone on the streets think that
she is only a statue and marvel at its design and female likeness. Orders have
already been placed for replicas in her master's mail box.

 Her past forgotten and individuality stripped away, she was now a complete
latex slave for her master. She decided a long time ago before her will gave
away, that if she did not do the crime she would of not be doing the time. Now
she must pay forever in a life of servitude for her choice to rob this man. Her
biggest mistake was finding the room and letting the temptation of latex get the
best of her.

The end for now, and possibly another beginning.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DarkShadow Eternal


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





