BDSM Library - SSSandm




SSSandm
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young girl in pre-WWII germany marries an officer who turns out to be vicious.
This story contains non-consensual sex.  If explicit material is illegal in your
community, or if it offends you, please do not read this story.

SSSandm

I was fourteen when I first met Klaus.  He had an apartment down the street from
the house where I lived with my parents.  I would see him often, striding down
the street to the market in the morning, the click of his boots on the pavement
making me turn my head.  I was outside watering the garden when he stopped to
speak to me.  It was an innocuous conversation, but soon he talked to me nearly
every day.  Shortly after my fifteenth birthday he began taking me out.  He was
in his late thirties, and although my father disapproved of the age difference,
he was an officer and that reflected well on the family.   He was an utter
gentleman and I was flattered by the attention.  Everywhere we went, people
seemed to know who he was and he was a beautiful dancer.  In short, he was the
ideal man to a teenaged girl.

When he asked my father for my hand, my mother wept because I was so young.  But
soon she was wrapped up in wedding preparations, and had forgotten her
misgivings.  The day we were wed, the sky was beautiful and there were flowers
everywhere.  My mum had tried to give me some kind of idea what to expect that
night, but I  was too distracted to listen.  In any case, he remained perfect
that night.  He introduced me to gentle foreplay, and gave me my first sexual
pleasure. 

The next morning we left for his house in the country, where we would be
staying.  In the car I was excited at the idea of being a chatelaine of my own
house.  I had no real idea where we were going.  Eventually we arrived about 45
minutes outside Berlin by car.  The house was enormous, all stone, left to him
by his father.  Our suite was large and well lit by windows.  He told me to stay
in the bedroom while he saw to our bags.  I lay back to wait for him a dozed
off.  When I awoke, I was sitting in the armchair, my feet bound to two chair
legs.  He was just standing there looking at me as my head cleared from sleep
and the reality of the situation struck me.  As I opened my mouth to speak he
reached out and touched his finger to my lips. 

"shh. just listen to me, my poor sweet bride."

"In the eyes of the law and society, you belong utterly to me.  I intend to take
full advantage of this fact.  You are my possession, and I will use you as such. 
From this moment, you will obey me.  I will punish you otherwise. Sometimes I
will hurt you regardless of your behavior, but simply to amuse myself.  Do you
understand me?"

"y...y...yes. But-"

"Yes,  mein Kapitan."

"But why are you doing this to me?"

"yes, mein Kapitan."

"Klaus, stop this game at once!"

        thwap

As his hand made contact with my jaw, I began to scream hysterically, weeping
and clutching at my face.  I was startled into silence when he grabbed my neck
and began pushing something into my mouth.

"I would have preferred to do this with the minimum of restraint, but if you're
going to be unreasonable, I will treat you accordingly.  Your tears do not
particularly interest me, so please cease blubbering and listen to me."

With that, he began to untie my legs and get me standing.

"remove your clothing and get onto the bed."

As soon as he was a few feet away, I ran for the door. Before I'd moved half the
distance, he had my arm.  He grabbed the neckline of my dress and tore, pulling
the silk away from my skin. 

"You little brat."

He pushed me back onto the bed and sat on my chest while he secured my hands and
feet to the frame. I fought him until my muscles burned but I could not move and
finally he had me stretched out in the most vulgar manner, my thighs achingly
open.  He began slowly moving his hands over me, almost gentle, until he reached
my breasts.  My spine came off the bed as he grabbed one nipple in each hand and
twisted towards himself.  Trying to cry around the gag in my mouth, I could only
whimper at him.  He smiled at me and I could feel the swelling in his groin,
pressed against me.  He let go and I fell back, gasping.  Then he leaned down to
me and put his beautiful white teeth into my breast.  If he did not draw blood,
then, it was not from lack of trying.  I could feel his pulse through his
trousers, but he remained perfectly calm, leaving a precise pattern of marks on
my skin, as if he was trying to cover every square inch of me.  I was weeping
loudly and trying uselessly to pull away from him.  Apparently satisfied with
this cruelty, he pulled away from me and began to undress.  In any other
situation, I would have to say that he was beautiful, but combined with my fear,
he seemed supernatural.  His cock,the first I'd ever seen, stood out from his
belly, menacing me.

He climbed between my legs and taunted me with it, the huge head bumping against
me.  He wiped tears from my face and wet my cunt with them, then carefully
holding himself in place, he started slowly shoving himself inside me.  Very
slowly.  He pushed the head of his cock against my sex, pulling it taut. 
Stretching and tearing my virginity at an excruciating pace.  He did not let his
desires control him, but strung out the pain as long as possible until with a
grunt he was buried completely inside me.  With a strange smile, he reached up
and removed my gag.

I couldn't speak, my jaw was frozen in place.

"Do you like that, my little sweetling?"

"grr.......uh......nnno.  Take it out, you're hurting me."

"that is almost entirely the point."

he moved his hips against me, then pulled out and slammed rapidly back in.

"AAAAAAAAAH! god, no, please....please.......no......."

He found his rhythm, his cock banging into me, my body bouncing, my mouth wide
open in a scream.

"please...huh......please stop.....no no no no no no"

"you  exist to please me.  I'm going to fuck your hot tight raw little cunt
until I' m tired of it and I'm going to come inside you and on you and when I'm
done, if I'm not too worn out I'm going to break in that ass of yours."

"NO! take it out take it out leave me alone you bastard!"

He just laughed at me and kept pounding away.  The pain of it was my entire
world.  Every stroke burned me and I felt bruised all over. He slammed into my
cervix with every stroke.  His cock was stretching me in a way I hadn't even
known was possible.  I was feeling as though I was going to pass out when he
pushed even further inside of me and shuddered. I could feel him ejaculating
inside of me.  It was scalding against the raw flesh of my pussy.

  He lay still for a few moments then pushed two fingers inside me, crooking
them, then wiped his cum across my mouth.  Gagging, I shut my mouth against him,
but he pried my mouth open and put his fingers inside.  I tried to bite him, but
he was too quick, backhanding my face and then slapping my breasts a few times
each, turning the delicate skin a bright pink.
 
Too exhausted to fight, I simply lay there whimpering, wondering what he would
do next.  He was stalking around the room, looking for something, an idea which
thoroughly terrified me.  He finally came back with a small leather riding crop.

"oh my......no, no you can't you can't do that you can't....."

He answered me with a particularly deft blow to my right nipple. 

"NO! nononononononononono......help! please!!!!"

then my left.

"Help!"

right again

"Oh god oh god......please"

left then right then left

suddenly, he struck the inside of my thigh.  I could feel the welts rising.  He
began again, laying a symmetric series of lines down my torso. 

"oh god, just let me  die, I can't stand it...."

"this is far from fatal.  I haven't even drawn your blood. But if you're going
to carry on so, I shall have to punish you."

He moved to untie me.  My muscles were completely locked; I was powerless to
struggle as he turned me over onto my burning chest.  He bound me down
thoroughly, then loosened my legs enough to push a pillow under my belly.  His
hands moved between my legs, then up past my sex to my ass.  I began to pray to
any and all gods as he pushed one finger against my asshole.  I started to
scream again and he told me to shut the hell up or he'd stick my umbrella up
there.  I tried to remain silent and still as one dry finger forced inside me. 
Then a second.  I bit my lip until it bled when he began sawing them in and out. 
Back and forth back and forth, so slowly.  I could feel each centimeter of
penetration.  Then I felt his weight come off the bed. he turned my face to look
at him then told me to open my mouth.  He  had the crop again.  He shoved it at
my face and moved onto my tongue.

"get it as wet as you can.  The drier it is, the more it will hurt going in."

I realized what he meant to do with it then, and my mouth went totally dry. I
tried and tried and finally, the handle of the crop was damp enough to satisfy
him.  Prying my ass cheeks apart, he found my asshole and applied pressure.  The
rough leather caught at my skin as he slid it inside. 

"Keep your damn mouth shut.  Oh, I can see you completely stretched, it's so
lovely, and you haven't even taken it all yet.  I'm going to fill you up till
you can't stand it and then I'm going to give you more."

The large balled end popped in and he pulled it back, watching my asshole
flatten out completely from the width. 

"I wish you could see how open your ass is.  It's stretching for me, it's not
tearing at all.  I can see how much your body wants this, wants what I can give
it.  You little slut, you know this is arousing you."

At this point, he'd buried about 6 inches in me, with a quick thrust, I took
several more, screaming finally when he grabbed what was left and twisted it. 
Then he started rocking it in and out of me, abusing my asshole terribly,
tearing me and giving me awful cramps in my  belly.   He took to pulling it out
entirely and then shoving it back in, tearing me with every thrust.  When he
decided that he had had enough of that game he put the crop aside, and pushed
his cock at the blood and sweat dampened orifice.  I could feel his breath on my
neck as he whispered to me

"you belong to me"

Then, grabbing my hips, he began to fuck my ass with every ounce of strength.  
He reached up and found my nipples, twisting them and pulling back so that I was
forced to push my recalcitrant ass onto his cock, fucking myself on it to try to
avoid the pain of my breasts, already raw.  Then the pain in my ass would make
me jerk forward, yanking on my tits as he held tight.

"that's it you little slut, fuck me.  Fuck your ass against me.  you were made
for this. Tell me, tell me how much you love this, tell me how you adore having
my cock in you"

"NO! I hate it and I hate you!"

"AAAAAAAAAH!!!!" he dug his nails into my breasts and forced me back.

"Tell me."

"I....I love it.....I love feeling you fuck my ass....oh..god......no......"

He pounded against me even faster, my body rocking back and forth, my nipples
stretched out towards him, my mouth wide open, screaming at him.

In that moment, when all I could feel was his weight pushing me down, the fire
in my belly, the torment of my breasts, the welts all over, in the moment when
my world was completely destroyed, I felt him cum.  On top of every other
humiliation he had delivered, he was cumming inside my ass.  My spine bent, I
wept.  He pulled out of me and left me there as he went to clean himself. I
could feel it inside me, wet on my legs, dripping down around my cunt.  He had
taken so much.

When he came back, he loosened my bonds and told me to move around.  The
blood-deprived limbs were on fire, but he would not let me lay still.  When he
was satisfied that my circulation was functioning, he began to untie me.  I had
no energy and the will to fight him had left me.  He carried me into the
bathroom and laid me on my belly, folded in half over the edge of the bathtub
with my ass in the air.

"Stay there.  Little bitch is all dirty, we've got to clean you up properly."

Terror brought me fully awake.

"What are you going to do? Haven't you hurt me enough?"

"You will be silent until I tell you to speak.  Don't you move an inch, and
maybe I won't hurt you again tonight."

I lay as still as I could, the enamel against my belly making me ache, my
stretched holes burning.  I could hear him moving around, and water running.  He
knelt behind me and started forcing something into my sore asshole.

"NO! oh christ no....you..."

He put his hand over my mouth and nose.

"shh my darling, this won't hurt a bit."

Still deprived of air, he shoved something cold and hard into me, then let go of
my face.  I gasped hysterically and then I heard a strange click.  I tried to
turn my head to see, but I was still bent in half.  I heard him laugh a few
seconds before I felt the ice cold water begin filling my ass.  Trying so hard
to be quiet, hoping that if I behaved there would be no more, I held myself
motionless as the water poured in.  Finally,  feeling my stomach distend, I
began begging him to stop. 

"Of course I can't stop.  Right now your ass is full of my cum, as well as your
blood and shit.  We've got to get you nice and clean.  You want that, don't you?
"

I just cried as the water completely filled my anal cavity, working up into my
lower intestine, giving me terrible cramps.  Finally, the water stopped coming. 
The nozzle was still in my ass and he clamped the hose off, pulled it out and
plugged the feedhole.  Laughing to himself  he pulled me upright.  The sudden
pressure against the nozzle was excruciating.  my knees threatened to give out
and I swayed.

"That's it, move.  You can ease your cramps if you warm that water up.  Come
now, really move."

Grabbing me by my nipples, he pulled this way and that.  I could hear the water
slosh inside me as I tried to follow his movements, my bruised nipples screaming
out from the pain.  He picked up the crop again and began striking my thighs,
ass and belly, making me jump and dodge.  The fullness I felt was awful, I kept
thinking I was going to be sick but I had no relief even there. 

"Your belly is so full and round, perhaps I should keep you like this all the
time."

"Please let it out, please, anything, I'll do anything."

"You'll do it anyway.  I love to see you like this. Besides, you want to be
clean for me, don't you?"

"Anything, please, anything."

"Fine.  Sit down and spread your legs.  I want you  masturbate."

"What?"

"I can always keep beating you"

I sat down, pushing the nozzle in deeper with my weight.  I hooked one leg over
each chair leg, exposing my cunt to him completely.

"Ah, that's it, now play with yourself, you little whore."

Still crying from the pain in my guts, I began to stroke my clit. 

"I can see you getting wet.  You know you're enjoying this.  You want this so
much."

Biting my lip, I kept rubbing.  I could feel the juices begin to flow in spite
of the pain.  Rotating my fingers, I brought myself to orgasm.  The water was
finally warmer and I could feel it move inside me as I shuddered. 

"Now come into the bathroom and let all that out."

He didn't even let me sit down before he yanked it out, the unlubricated tissue
inside my ass sticking to the nozzle.  I felt like I was turning inside out as
the water rushed out of me.  When it finally stopped coming he pushed me into
the bathtub and ran scorching hot water over me.  He held my cunt lips open to
the flow of water, then soaped them up and did it again.  Eventually, he was
satisfied that I was clean.  He lifted me out and wrapped me in a towel,
carrying me almost tenderly to the bed. 

"Go to sleep little girl.  We have all day tomorrow to play....and the day after
that.....and the day after that."

Stiff with fright, but exhausted, I fell immediately to sleep. 

The next morning when I awoke, he was gone already.  His valet, a middle aged
Austrian, was sitting in the chair by the door.

"Good morning.  I am here to prepare you for breakfast."

He motioned me out of bed, and allowed me to piss and wash myself. 
Uncomfortably naked in front of him, I was afraid of angering my husband by
insisting on my modesty. 

"Stand still before the mirror"

I moved to the wardrobe, which had a full length mirror.  Lifting my long blonde
hair, he fastened a heavy leather collar around my neck, jangling with strange
rings. 

"Raise your arms"

He pulled a long piece of leather around me which I realized was a corset, and
after he'd tightened the laces a little he lifted my breasts up into the cups. 
It was cut so low that nipples were presented by it.  Pulling tightly on the
laces, he compressed my ribcage and narrowed my waist.  I was barely able to
breathe when he finally tied them. 

"Spread your legs."

A thin belt went between my thighs.  It seemed innocent until he positioned it
carefully, and I understood that there were two hard metal prongs, about 1 1/2
inches in diameter each that pushed into my anus and vagina.  He buckled the end
tight to the corset.  I could feel my pulse against the plugs as they held me
open and the edges of the belt cut into my lips. 

"Step into the shoes."

The shoes had grotesquely high heels and I wobbled as he fastened the ankle
straps.

"Now follow me."

Mincing carefully, I followed him out of the room, up the hallway, down the
stairs and into the dining room.  I could hear the heels tapping on the wood of
the floors. 

Klaus was sitting at the head of the table in a large carved wooden chair. 
There was a low ottoman next to him.  He motioned at it and I sat down, feeling
the plugs press into me.

"Do you feel them? Rock your bottom. I want you to feel them.  They will serve
as a reminder of the fact that they belong to me."

I watched as he ate his breakfast, wondering what I was to eat.  My question was
soon answered.

"Get on your knees."

He opened the front of his trousers and pulled his erect cock out.

"Suck it. It may  be the only thing I feed you today."

On my knees in front of his chair, he grabbed the rings on each side of the
collar and pulled my face towards his crotch.  I gritted my teeth against it,
feeling the head rub against my mouth.

"Open your  mouth."

I kept my mouth closed.  He pinched my nose shut and grasped my chin, pulling
down.  When I gasped for a breath he shoved the full length of it into my mouth
and down my throat.

"Ah.  So very hot, so very slick.  That little rosebud mouth of yours is a
beautiful tool.  Perhaps you shall have it for every meal."

He used the collar to pull my mouth back and forth along his cock.  I had to
time my breaths carefully so that I inhaled when he pulled out even a little
bit.  Discovering this trick, he grabbed the rings and held them.  I could feel
the head of his cock distending my throat, filling it so completely that no air
could get by.  Still he held on.  Things were becoming fuzzy when he let go and
I sucked oxygen around his shaft. 

"I could feel the spasms in your throat as you began to gag.....and then the
silky tightness of it as you began to suffocate."

"Keep sucking.  I'm going to cum down your throat, I'm going to fill your mouth
with it, make you choke on it."

He started fucking my mouth, back and forth, back and forth.  I could feel the
head rubbing, stabbing the back of my mouth, the shaft stretching my lips into a
vulgar O.  Gasping for breath, I could feel him going faster and faster, until
with one lip stinging slam, he began to ejaculate.  True to his word, he just
kept coming. I tried valiantly to swallow it all but I could feel it dribbling
out around his cock.  He pulled it out and wiped it off on my face, then laid it
back on my tongue.

"you didn't think I was done? You've had your  meal, now you need something to
drink."

Had I understood at all, I would have fought with all the energy in my body. But
this was a perversion I had never contemplated.  With a good grip on my collar,
he pushed forward until my nose was against his belly.  Held tightly to him, I
wondered what he was doing.  I felt his cock begin to stir, and thought perhaps
he would cum again. But no.  He began to piss in my mouth. I could feel it
running down my throat as I tried to gag.  I could feel the bile rise as the hot
liquid flowed into my  belly.  It seemed to go on forever. 

"Don't lose a drop of it, my little piss slut. I've filled your belly with semen
and urine.  Soon I'll fill your sex and your ass too.  I'll fuck you over and
over again until I've gotten you pregnant.  Which will only heighten our games. 
Oh to see you with your belly swollen, your breasts heavy with milk and
dripping."

"Perhaps you will have a daughter, whom I will cherish and adore until she is
old enough to be my slave as well.  But we must leave these daydreams, I've got
a surprise for you."

I looked down at myself, wondering what he meant to do.

"Of course, you're right dear, we can't have you meet company looking like that.
Stand up at once."

He unlatched the belt and pulled the plugs out.  Then he reached into his pocket
and pulled out a long chain.  At each end were what appeared to be small jeweled
earrings.  He put one up to my nipple and began turning the screw.  When it was
secure, he looped the chain behind my neck, pulling my nipple horribly tight,
then attached the other.  My breasts were suspended by my nipples, the whole
weight of them pulling against the clamps.  He then took a leather strap and ran
it round my upper arms and behind my back, forcing my shoulders back and my
chest out.  

"You look beautiful."

He pushed me before him into his study, still wobbling on the heels, I couldn't
move fast enough for him.  He began to slap my ass and thighs, pushing me
farther off balance.  I was so busy trying not to fall that I didn't notice the
men in the room.  There were four of them, sitting on long velvet couches,
watching me enter. 

"Gentlemen, my  wife and whore."

"Darling, come into the middle of the room so they can see you."

I looked around frantically, hoping for help, but all I saw was desire. 

Klaus led me to a low armless wooden chair near the center of the room.  He
locked each ankle to a chair leg by the rings on the shoes.  My thighs were
spread completely, letting everyone see my innermost parts.  I shut my eyes
tightly, trying to avoid sight of this spectacle.  Then he invited his friends
to examine me.  Hands, some gloved and some bare, roamed across my skin.  I felt
two leather clad fingers push at my cunt, demanding entrance.  My head was
tipped back and my mouth opened to accept someone else's fingers.  One man, who
appeared to be in his fifties, was pulling on the chain attached to my nipples,
stretching my breasts up towards him, then pinching the delicate underside.  The
fingers inside me were rasping back and forth, and I felt a third finger pushed
into my bottom that made me try to scream around those in my mouth. 

"Have you taken her here?" one of them asked, pulling at my asshole.

"Yes, Willem, but only once.  She's still beautifully tight and unaccustomed to
the sensation.  While she virgin nowhere now, she has not gotten used to men
yet.  When you have all examined her to your satisfaction, you may discover this
for yourselves."

The fear of wondering quite what this meant overwhelmed me for a moment.  He
couldn't possible think that....no.  The men moved away from me as Klaus neared. 
He whispered in my ear

"You are so lovely like this, your nipples stretched and tortured, your hungry
pink sex open to us all.  Be a good girl, and perhaps we won't hurt you too
much. You know we won't really hurt you....just a little bit of fun."

Then I felt something large and slightly spongy at my mouth.  Its diameter was
large enough to pull my lips taut as he pushed it onto my tongue, almost to the
back of my mouth.  I shook my head from side to side trying to shake it out but
he fastened the strap behind my head, locking my mouth in this obscene position. 
My eyes pleaded with him, but I was capable only of little mewling sounds.  Then
he stepped away and turned to the older gentleman. 

"Heinrich, would you like to begin?"

The man smiled and leaned forward to undo the clips on my breasts.  The blood
rushing back made my spine arch and tears form.  He stepped back again and I saw
that he had picked up a riding crop.  Without looking at my face again, he began
to strike my breasts.  Alternating between my nipples and the rest of my
breasts, he kept a steady rhythm, never slowing.  I was crying so hard that I
had trouble breathing, and I could hear this strange animal wail that I realized
was me.  I have no idea how long it went on, being lost to time because of the
pain.  When he did stop, he turned to Klaus.

"She took the full 50 without fainting....very impressive.  Have you been
beating her regularly?"

"Unfortunately, we only just arrived here.  Before, I had to keep up the
pretense of a loving husband."

"I suppose we should move her.  We have little to no access to her backside."

With this, they unlocked my feet.  I was still shaking and every time they
brushed against my chest I screamed.  One of the younger men picked me up and
carried me over to the desk.  A chain came up from one side that was fastened to
my collar.  My arms were unbound and then retied to opposite corners.  My belly
was pressed on the edge of one end, my raw chest rubbing the smooth cool wood of
the desktop.  My ankles were spread and tied to opposite legs of the desk.  When
I was securely fastened down, they played with the newly exposed flesh.  My
bottom was forced up, my thighs splayed offering my sex and ass to them. 
Someone pulled the cheeks apart and I could feel a hot tongue trying to
penetrate my asshole.  Squirming did me no good and only won me a pinch on my
sex.  The man with his mouth on me began biting at the tender skin, moving from
ass to labia to clit and back, nipping at me.  He moved away and someone began
spanking my cunt, really swinging at it. 

"Gentlemen, I think we've let her recover enough.  I have a selection of crops,
canes and whips here and we've only just started.  Who would like to go next. 
Ah, certainly, Herr General."

I could hear the clicking of boots on the floor, away and then back towards me. 
But nothing could have prepared me for the thwack of the cane on my skin.   He
had only hit me a few times when I felt hands at the strap of the gag.  My jaw
ached as I tried to close it, but he grabbed my jaw and held it open. 

"Does anyone object if I enjoy her mouth while she is beaten?"

There was no reply, except a laugh that I think was Klaus.   The cock that
replaced the gag seemed even larger, filling my mouth.  He grabbed my hair and
buried himself in completely just as the general began caning me again. 

"You love to feel her scream around it, don't you, Hansie?"

"I can feel her throat muscles clenching and pushing, it's astounding."

He pushed against my mouth, then began solidly fucking it, slowly increasing his
speed to match that of the strokes of the cane. 

"Oh, hit her harder, hit her harder, I'm almost there!"

The general dealt me two vicious strokes on the backs of my thighs, giving me
spasms that made Hans cum in my mouth.  My ass bruised and bleeding, he rocked
back and forth, shooting down my throat. 

Klaus spoke again. 

"I believe she is sufficiently prepared for now."

Willem asked if he could take me as I was, before they tried to move me.  The
general moved round to my front and put his thin but very long cock in my mouth. 
As he did so, Willem began trying to fit his impossible thick sex into my
bottom.

"My god, she is so small....like a child.  How old did you say she was?"

"Fifteen"

He rubbed the heavy head of it around my rosebud, then started to push against
it.  I could feel the skin being pressed inward.  He got the tip in and wiggled
the head in to follow.  I felt like there was a hot poker in me. He moved his
hips from side to side and then pushed forward again.  After several minutes
work, he was pressing against the inner sphincter.  One quick stroke and he was
through that too, deep inside my bowels. 

The General was rubbing my tears across my face, and onto his cock when he
pulled it out.  Willem began to move and they found a rhythm that pushed me
forward onto the cock in mouth then when I tried to pull away, Willem would slam
back into my ass.  Faster and faster until I was like a rag doll between them,
thrown back and forward as they filled me from both ends.  The General gasped
and added his semen to Hansie's in my mouth. This set Willem off and he shot
deep into me, so hot that it felt like it was scorching me.  He seemed to cum
forever, filling me up until it spilled down my legs around his cock.  I felt
his weight leave me and someone rang for the housekeeper.

"bring us brandies and a few rags and a bowl of warm water."

When she returned, not batting an eye at my state, they wiped me clean.  My
battered asshole and swollen bottom objected to the rough cloth of the rags, but
soon they  had me nicely cleaned up.  Klaus pulled me to my feet and had me walk
back and forth to restore circulation.  I kept feeling as though I were going to
fall, wobbling on the high heels.  Every step pulled at the abused flesh of my
ass, every jiggle made my bruised breasts ache even more.  All of the men were
standing except for Heinrich, who was sitting down on an armless chaise lounge. 
Klaus told me to go over to him, and I stood there with my head bowed.  They 
had beaten the fight out of me.  I could barely stand, much less struggle.  
Heinrich pulled me down onto his lap, facing him.  He thrust into my cunt with
one stroke, my own weight pressing him inside me.  He made me sit up straight so
that he was fully in. 

"Bounce, you little bitch.  Ride my cock like a pony, little girl.  Oh sweet
little girl."

He pinched my nipples and pulled up and then down to make me fuck him. The
inflamed skin stung horribly. 

"That's right, fuck it.  Fuck it deep inside that tiny little cunt of yours. 
Beg me for it, beg me to fuck you."

"nooo.....nooo, please stop, please."

He slapped my breasts then gripped the nipples again.

"I want to hear you say it."

"Please, sir, please fuck me.  Ow!!!! No!!!! Ppplease fuck my little  cunny with
your cock."

"That's better.  You're learning, if slowly."

I bounced as best I could, my hot swollen ass cheeks smacking his thighs.  Then
he looked over my shoulder and pulled me to his chest.  He reached behind me and
pulled my ass cheeks open.  I felt the weight of another man against me, then
his cock shoving into my asshole.  I could feel the thin membrane between cunt
and ass as though it would tear.  When they were both buried in me, the man
behind began to fuck me.

"You little slut. We're going to fuck you until you're raw and broken, and then
we're going to fill you with cum."

I could still feel Willem's sperm deep inside my ass sloshing as they pummeled
into me.  They completely filled me, both my holes stretched beyond what they
could take.  I was screaming uncontrollably as I realized it was Klaus
whispering in my ear.

"Scream for me......you know this is what you were made for.  Scream, it makes
me harder. "

I could feel him swelling still in my ass.  The thick head was milking itself
with the inner sphincter, already raw.  Heinrich was battering my cervix, my
sore chest rubbing against his rough uniform jacket.  He had simply undone his
trousers  to fuck me. 

"You exist only to please us, to be used by us, to be hurt by us.  There is no
other meaning.  You are mine and I will give you to whomever I please until
we've worn you out completely.  I will stuff every part of your body with cocks
and anything else I have. I will display you and beat you.  Now fuck me."

He became perfectly still.  So did Willem.

"Fuck us.  Use that lovely body to wring the cum from us. The longer you take,
the more pain there will be."

Weeping, I tried to bounce my body.  I had to rub my tits on the rough cloth of
Heinrich's chest, my poor ass rubbing against Klaus's wool pants.  Every inch of
my body was raw, my nerve endings screaming as I forced my self back onto their
cocks.  Up and down, up and down, deep in me, filling me.  My cunt and asshole
torn and beginning to bleed. Still they didn't move.  It felt like hours, I
could feel the other men watching this spectacle as I tried to make them cum. 
Again and again faster and faster finally Klaus held my breasts tightly, pulling
me back towards him and used them to pull me up.  My entire weight resting on my
breasts, he used me like his own hand, jacking me back and forth.  I could hear
his breath get faster, and Willem was moaning and then I felt their jism begin
to shoot.  I could feel each twitch, each pulse as they shot their loads
simultaneously into me.  Still holding my tits, Klaus leaned forward, pushing me
against Willem.  He rubbed my nipples on the wool, hard, and each shudder of
pain made him spurt.  We laid like that for some time, their cocks still
stretching me so much that nothing leaked out.  Then Klaus yanked himself out of
me, ripping my asshole as the head caught, then lifted me up and laid me down on
the floor.

"little cum drunk child.  We've filled you up.  I'll have to send you off until
dinner, but don't worry, I have something special planned."

He rang for his valet, who carried me back upstairs, bathed me, and put me to
bed, my collar locked to the bed post.

A little while later I was awoken.  The valet rubbed my raw skin with something
that smelled medicinal.  Then he led me into the bathroom and carefully shaved
all the hair off my body below my head.  He carefully brushed out my hair,  then
plaited it and pinned it on top of my head.  He walked away and returned with
something deep red and shiny.  It looked much like the corset from earlier but
seemed to be made of rubber.   It was covered in heavy metal rings.  He wrapped
it around me and pulled on the laces. By the time he was done my waist had
shrunk by several inches and my breasts burgeoned forward, pressed closely
together.  Matching bands hooked through the rings, binding my arms to my sides.  
He motioned for me to sit down, then laced my feet into tall black boots that
made me considerably taller.  Teetering on these heels, I went back down into
the dining room. 

Just before we walked through the doors, George, the valet, blindfolded me and
slipped a small ball gag into my mouth.    George led me into the room, towards
the table.  I felt hands lift me up and a cold breeze kissed my legs and back. 
As the ice came in contact with my skin I tried to scream. Through the gag, the
only sounds that came were whimpers.   They let me weight pull me down and the
ice entered me.  My cunt and asshole were being frozen.  I heard Klaus chuckle
to himself and several of the men mumbling. 

"see, gentlemen, how the sculpture embraces her.  She is completely suspended,
all of her weight on her genitals pushing the ice into her.  See also, the size. 
The question is, will she melt it before she is forced to take it in? Or will
she be fucked by an artificial cock the size of a man's arm?"

At that point, I heard the sounds of food being served.  I was to be the table's
centerpiece.  I had no way of knowing how long they would take, how long I would
be pushed down onto the enormous dildos.   My stomach was beginning to cramp up
from the cold and the width was stretching me almost to the point of tearing. 
Occasionally, as I waited, I heard sounds that may have been the whimpers of
other girls. I had no idea if I was the only victim in the house. 

What felt like several hours later, I was lifted back down.  Klaus whispered in
my ear "Darling, you were magnificent.  So beautiful, your tears streaming down
your face, your muscles straining and twitching.  You have whetted the appetite
of every man here.  I hope you are ready for the second act of our little play."

Rough hands rubbed my skin, bringing the circulation back, and with it, acute
pain.  My skin was still quite raw and all my muscles had locked up.  Because of
the corset, I couldn't take a deep breath. 

"My friends, it seems our little toy is quite cold. I have an idea that should
warm her up considerably, if you will join me in the playroom.  Our scientists,
in their work to aid interrogation, have made a most interesting appliance.  It
delivers enough electric current to cause a great deal of pain, but it is not
fatal.  The set in my possession has been customized for use on women only.  If
you will follow me, please."

My mind boggled at the idea. Surely I had misheard him.  There was no way the
device he described could exist.  Still blindfolded, I was carried towards the
back of the house.  I could hear the sounds of many feet all around me.  I was
set down on a table. My legs were pulled apart and my upper body pushed down.

"See the effect the ice has had? Although quite large, the ice cocks have forced
the muscles to contract, greatly tightening the openings.  As you all know, this
means that further impalement of any kind will cause great pleasure for us and
great pain for her.  Now, I would like to demonstrate my new toy.  George,
please bring me my wife."

George carried me forward and set me down in a large reclined chair.   Laying
back at about a 45 degree angle, they ran straps under my knees and pulled them
up and apart.  A collar went around my neck held my head back against the chair. 
My back was arching, pushing my chest forward and my bottom curled up a little
bit so that my sex and ass were easily seen.  The simple humiliation of this
position was awful by itself.  The activities of the day had exhausted me and I
didn't have the will to struggle as they bound me down.   When they decided I
was quite well secured, I could hear them move away.  Then the unique sound of
Klaus's boots came towards me.  He idly twisted a nipple then stroked the smooth
hairless mound of my sex.  I felt something cold against my cunt lips and tried
to flinch away.  It was useless.  I felt it slide in, it seemed huge and then I
felt its twin at my ass.  When both holes were filled, Klaus went back to
playing with my breasts.  He pulled a nipple out and then fastened a clamp to
it, then to the other.  They were no tighter than the ones he'd used earlier.  
I could hear him walking away from me.   




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  squeaky


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





