BDSM Library - Sue's Best




Sue's Best
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female who is controlled for a weekend with alot of torture and sex.
Sue's Best

This is adult rated story only meant to be read by people over 18.

This story is fictional. It is purely my imagination and no characters
or names are real and have no connection with my past or present relationships.

This story may not be published, distributed and copied without the consent of
the author.

This story contains m/f,nc,control,bdsm

	I knew Sue for about 6 months. She didn't have a lot of girl friends and
didn't go out much. I worked in the same building so was able to follow her and
get to know her schedule. She always went home. She only went shopping only on
Saturday and usually stayed home all day Sunday. She would only go out to a
movie by herself, once in a while. I made plans for her on a three day weekend.
She left work at 5 pm. I was waiting for her. She got into the car. I quickly
covered her mouth with a cloth and within a couple of seconds, she was out. I
moved her into the passenger seat and made it look like she had fallen asleep. I
drove out of the parking garage and quickly go onto the highway. I drove for an
hour and was out in the middle of nowhere in no time. I had rented a place for a
weekend, using a false name. It was perfect as no one would hear or see
anything. I carried sue in and laid her on the master bedroom bed. I placed a
ball gag in her mouth and fastened it with a small lock. She could not remove it
even if she used her hands. I tied her hands to the bed post and let her sleep.
I prepared all my toys for her.

	When she came to, she saw me standing looking at her. I was wearing a Zorro
mask, T-shirt and shorts. She mumbled real loud and tried to move. I told her
she was tied to the bed post and a ball gag was in her mouth. I told her not to
move and I would untie her, which I did. She tried to undue the ball gag and
gave up. She tried to stand up and run, but I caught her and shoved her back on
the bed. I told her she was to do everything I told her to do or she would be
punished. I showed her a riding crop. She mumbled and I could not understand
what she said. I told her she was to answer only yes or no by shaking her head
side to side for no or up and down for yes. I asked her if she understood. She
mumbled. I used the riding crop and hit arm. She screamed a muffled cry. I asked
her if she understood. She moved her head up and down. I then told her I wanted
her to take her clothes off. She stood up, but did not move. I hit her with the
ridding crop on her leg and told her to undress. She took off her shoes and
socks. She then undid her blouse and took off her pants. I had her turn around
and studied her body. She was 5'6"" tall, short black hair, green eyes, had 34c
breasts, and shapely legs. I told her to take her bra off. She hesitated. So I
hit her left ass cheek with the crop. She shrieked and tears ran down her
cheeks. I told her to take the bra off. She was shaking when she undid the clasp
and when she pulled the straps off her shoulders. She had goose pimples on her
breasts and her nipples were pointed. I then told her to take off her panties.
She slid them down and kicked the off her feet. She was standing with her hands
over her nipples and her legs crossed. I told her to put her hands behind her
neck and lock them together. She was slow so I hit her on the right ass cheek.
She screamed. I told her to be quicker and she would not get punished. I then
told her to spread her legs apart. I had to tell her further, until she was
really spread. I took the riding crop tip and traced it on her chin and around
her mouth. I told her to stick out her tongue and made the tip touch it. I laid
the tip on her tongue and told to suck with her mouth. She was slow, but I let
her go. I moved the tip back and forward. I then pulled it out. I traced it down
her neck. She moved a lot. So I hit her left ass cheek. I told her she was not
to move. I continued with her neck, went down her throat and between her
breasts. I let the tip trace under her breasts and around the tops. I then used
the tip to touch her nipples, I did this until she was moaning, her body was
getting aroused. I asked her if she liked the feeling. She nodded yes. I then
trailed the tip down her stomach and circled around to her back. I traced down
her shoulder blades, down to ass cheeks. I played a lot with her cheeks and used
the tip to run up and down the crack of her ass. I then moved down the back of
her legs. She was squirming a lot. I stopped and moved around to the front. I
asked her if it felt good and she nodded yes. I then used the tip to circle her
slit. I ran the tip down the sides. I asked her if she wanted me to probe her.
She nodded yes. I ran the tip in her sex lips, I could tell by her whimper, she
was enjoying it. I did this until she was really squirming. When I stopped
abruptly, I asked her if she wanted to come. She shook her head yes. I asked
her, if she had ever used her fingers to masturbate. She shook her head yes. I
told her, when I said go she could use her hands and she was to be quick about
making herself come or she would be punished. When I said go, she had her hands
down quick, but because they were stiff it took her a while to get going. She
really rubbed and stuck her fingers into her hole, she came in about five
minute. She was shaking so much and wobbling, I thought she was going to fall on
the floor.

	When she was done I told her I wanted her to get up on the bed on all fours
like a dog. She moved slow so I hit her ass cheeks several times. She was
whimpering and tears ran down her cheeks. When she was in position, I told her
she was going to be punished. I started hitting her left and right ass cheeks
until they were red. She was sobbing and sweat was breaking out all over her
body. I had her stay on her knee's but raise her body up. I told her to put her
hands under her breasts and cup them. I took the riding crop and hit the top
flesh part of her breasts. She moved her hands to cover them. I told her to put
her hands back where they were and not to move them. I hit her 5 times on each
breast, until they were red. I told her to rub them until they didn't hurt. I
then had her put her hands under them again. I got a feather and some nipple
clamps out of a bag. I teased her nipples until they were pointed with the
feather. I told her to take two fingers and pinch her nipples and pull on them.
I had to hit her ass with the crop to get her to do it. She was pulling on them
good and had them stretched. I took a nipple clamp and placed it on the left
tit. She let go of it and screamed. I hit her ass again and told her to put her
fingers pack in place on her right tit and to cup her left breast. I then placed
the a nipple clamp on her right breast and she cup her breast. She was moaning
and squirming, but did not move her hands. I then took the riding crop and
started to stroke her slit with it. She was really wet and juicy. I stuck the
tip in and pulled it out. I had her stick out her tongue and gave her a taste of
herself by letting her lick the crop tip. I continued with the crop on her slit
until she was moaning, thrusting to get more. I stopped and I hear moan with
disappointment. I told her to be still. I took out a vibrator that had a remote
control. I rubbed in up and down her slit until it was coated. I had her lick it
and coat it with her saliva. I then stuck the tip in an inch and twisted it
around. She was squirming and moaning. I pushed it in further and twisted some
more. It took about fifteen minutes to stick it in 6 inches and I stopped. She
whimpered and trusted her hips. I told her to be still and waited five minutes.
I turned the vibrator on slow. I started to tease her all over with the feather.
When I was teasing the inside of her thighs she came. She really thrashed a lot,
groaned and lost her balance.

	I had her get back into position. I told her to be still and turned the
vibrator up to medium. I got on the bed and pulled down my shorts. My dick was
long, hard and twitched a couple of times. I told her to open her mouth and
stick out her tongue. I told her I wanted her to lick and suck my dick. She
really was doing a good job, but I reached down and pulled on the nipple clamps.
She groaned and really started to suck harder. I grabbed her hair and her
started to thrust my dick into her mouth. I told her I was going to shoot soon
and I wanted her drink all of my come. She whimpered and I shot into her mouth a
coup[le of minutes later. She did a good job, but some did dribbled down her
mouth onto her tits. When I pulled out, I told her to use her hands and rub the
come into her tits.        

	I turned the vibrator off, but left it in. I told her that she needed to be
punished for being bad. I pulled on her nipples and twisted them a bit. I had
her lay down on her back and put her hands on the headboard. I told her that she
was not to move her hands from the headboard no matter what. I then bent her
legs at the knees and strapped the upper and lower part together. I placed a
couple of pillows under her back to raise her ass off the bed. . I then ran a
strap from her knees to the side of the bed. She spread open and I could see her
slit lips spread and her ass hole was exposed. I took out a jar of lube and
started to coat around her ass hole. I could hear her muffled cries telling me
to stop. I just kept going and stuck my finger in and stretched her hole by
pushing at the sides. I placed a lot of lube all around her inside. I then took
out a vibrator that was small in size and was 6 inches long. I ran it up and
down the crack of her ass and played with her hole. She was squirming and
protesting with muffled cries. I then pushed it in an inch and twisted it
around. I then kept going deeper, twisting it and took about ten minutes getting
it all the way in. I stopped and asked her if she was alright. She nodded yes
and groaned. I stopped for five minutes and let her squirm. I then turned it on
to medium and twisted it. She groaned and trusted her hips. I turned on the
vibrator that was in her sex. She really start to squirm and moan. I just let
her go. She came in a couple of minutes.

	When she regained her senses. I grabbed both vibrators and started pulling
the one out of her sex and then started pulling the one out of her ass. I would
start to push the vibrator back into her sex and then push the one back into her
ass. She was thrashing a lot,  her hands  were clenched on the headboard and she
was moaning loudly. I kept alternating strokes of the vibrators and sped up the
pace. She only lasted four minutes and had an earth shattering orgasm, Her body
convulsed all over, juices flowed from her sex, and she had passed out. I undid
her straps, took off the nipple clamps, took the pillows from under her and took
out the ball gag.

	I just let her sleep. When she came to. I asked her if she was alright. She
noticed no ball gag and spoke yes. I asked her how was the orgasm. She said
fantastic and was the  best ever. I then kissed her on the lips. She responded
and we kissed for a long time. She took off my t shirt. She grabbed a hold of my
dick and started to stroke it. I moved between her legs and ran the tip along
her slit. She grabbed it and pulled to stick it in. I asked if she wanted me to
fuck her. She said yes she wanted me. I started slowly to stick it in and then
would pull it out. I did this about eight times and she begged for me to fuck
her. I really started to thrust it into her. She kept saying more and harder. I
was really pounding into her and my balls were slapping her. Her muscles started
to squeeze my dick and I only could last about a minute. I started to squirt and
she started to come. We both came at the same time. It felt so good. I stayed in
her until I shrank and when I pulled out the juice just flowed.  We were both
sweaty from sex and panting hard. I told her that was the best ever. She said it
was very good. We both got up and took a shower. We had sex again in the shower
and fucked two more times before falling asleep. The next morning we had
breakfast and drove back to her place. We talked about the sex and agreed to do
it again in 6 weeks. We both had been lovers for more than a year and wanted to
do something new. She said she would be in charge the next time. I smiled and
said I could hardly wait. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  authorxxx


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





