BDSM Library - The Never Ending Story




The Never Ending Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Consensual bondage story. The couple find their way to love bondage together. Both seeking the limits and expanding them.
The Never Ending Story


Part 1

They sat together at his apartment. Having met a coupe of months before their
relationship had taken the more ore less usual way. Although she sensed that
under his quiet and a little withdrawn attitude something else lay waiting also
she couldn't quite fathom it.

Their mutual love was obvious and as her girlfriends put it they were the ideal
couple.

Sitting together they talked about the recent events, politics, their friends.

Dressed in a plain black dress, not too tight to show her slim figure too much,
she snuggled in  his embrace, feeling his tender stroking of her back.



He looked into her eyes smiling suddenly.

"Why are you smiling" she asked.

"Oh, I just remember I have a little present for you"

She sat up smiling. "Come on show me".

He fumbled in his pocket, brought out a small box wrapped in golden gift-paper.
Handed it to her smilingly.

She started to unwrap an found a that kind of box jewelry usually comes in.

She hesitated. "For me? What is it?"

"Open and you will see, I hope you like it". His eyes sparkled. Also he seemed
not quite sure.

She did as told. Inside she found a tiny golden chain with two small balls
dangling from the end. She  looked at it in surprise, then at him.

Looked back at it. "Its nice", held it to her arm, "but too long for a
bracelet".

He smiled, a little awkward, " Its not for the arm actually"

Slowly it dawned on her "My foot?" she asked, her expression a mixture of
puzzlement and wonder.

He nodded.

Slowly she reached to her foot, put the chain around the ankle, looked at it. It
sparkled a little in the candlelight.

"Like it?" she asked.

He looked admiringly at her. Nodded again, she could tell he liked it very much.

It occurred to her that this was the first time he ever gave a clue as to what
he liked to see her in or see on her. She had never really given much thought to
that and he had never mentioned anything.

He glanced at her, " It looks sexy" he said a little shy.

She nodded, exactly what she had thought," I wonder whether I dare wear it
outside"

Being the more intellectual type, she had never really enjoyed drawing looks at
her. Actually enjoying sex very much, she did not show that to the outside world
in any way.

He at back looking at her" You know I like gold chains on a woman".

She smiled, "You never told me I would have worn some if I had known" 

She embraced him they kissed for a while, the feeling of the golden chain really
made her feel sexy.

After a while she whispered in his ear " What else didn't you tell me?"

He hesitated a little kissed her again, nippled her ear then whispered," I would
like to tie your hands."

He held her firm in his embrace, feeling her astonishment her wonder. Thoughts
flashing through her mind. She felt that there are times when you can talk too
much. She had never done any " kinky" sex before.

She only whispered," Do it"

Obviously he had not anticipated such a straightforward answer. Stopping in his
caressing he looked into her eyes. She looked back nodding.

He stood up went to the kitchen and came back with a length of rope in his hand.

She looked at him, the rope in his hand definitely turned her on, she didn't
know why and at this point didn't care.

He sat beside her. Took her into her arms the rope trailing over her body. They
kissed he whispered turn around. She did and as if asked put her hands behind
her back. She could feel the rope winding around her wrists being tightened. She
felt the sensation, new, exciting.

He turned her around kissing her passionately she returned the kiss.

Slowly he starlet to caress her. She couldn't do anything but feel. And this was
as she later understood the final experience. She didn't have to do anything
than to feel to let happen. She had always taken the responsibility for is
feelings for his pleasure. Now she had only to feel her own.



When he finally let her to the bedroom she got a glance at herself in the
mirror. The golden anklet sparkling her hands tied the white rope contrasting
with her black dress. Standing upright.

Laying her on the bed he couldn't undress her completely because of her tied
hands. He pushed her dress upwards unid her panties, she let him do it with
anticipation. He Caressed her and then took her slow but firm they both climaxed
together.

Later after he had untied her, when they were snuggling in bed he said teasingly
and a little unsure " Next time I tie you, you should wear something I can
undress more easily" He looked into her eyes trying to read her feelings.

She just smiled at him a bright and warm smile then just nodded.




Part 2


The next afternoon they met in town after work. She was wearing an long skirt
and a blazer. They embraced kissed and he looked at her. She wore against her
announcement the evening before, the anklet also a necklace and a bracelet both
golden . She smiled a little shyly when she noticed his look.

She looked into his eyes and asked " Does that make me your slave?" She wanted
to sound humorous also there was a kernel of truth in it.

He looked back at her " Do you want to be?"

She looked down taken aback by her own courage, "Rather your beloved and
respected toy"

He didn't answer just took her in his arms.

Arm in arm they  walked down the main street with its shops. 

" What would you like your toy to wear? She asked, she still couldn't believe
what she was doing. Nobody knowing her would believe that.

Firming his embrace he answered, and she sensed his hesitation, " Something
see-through".

She smiled having more or less anticipated and feared the answer.

He steered towards a boutique. Where they rummaged the place. Finally he held up
a black thin blouse and smiled.

She went to change. In the cabin she looked at herself. Her black bra was
clearly visible under the blouse. She peered outside and indicated to him that
she had  changed not daring to step outside. He came to take a look. "Great was
all he could say"

"I cannot go outside like this" she said.

He smiled, "you can with the blazer over it"

She was reluctant but complied after she had assured herself in the mirror.

Outside walking home together he pressed her firmly to his side, she enjoying
his closeness.

He whispered in her ear" In the future, when we are alone, without bra" giving
her a loving smile. She couldn't answer, imagining her firm middle sized breasts
under this blouse.

At home she excused herself to the bathroom. There she took off the bra.
Wondering what she was doing. Also she felt that it was ok and the right thing
to do not knowing what all of this was leading to. But for the moment it was ok.
She put on the blouse. Looking at herself in the mirror. Her breasts were
visible underneath and she even felt a sudden pride looking at herself.

She went outside he was sitting in the living room some classic musik was
playing. He admired her when she entered got up and embraced her. Kissing her
his hands caressed her buttocks. Then he stepped back. Looking her over again.
To his extreme delight he saw that she had already crossed her wrists behind her
back. Standing there smiling at him. He took the clue, and tied her arms with a
rope he produced from under a cushion.



He whispered " I love you" taking her in his arms kissing her tenderly.

She stayed like this all afternoon. Enjoying his attention he gave to her. Also
enjoying that he did everything.

When he prepared dinner she stood beside him her hands still tied. Watching him,
when he took her into his arms slowly reaching under her skirt. His tender hand
caressing her inner thighs slowly pulling down her slip. He started to cares
her. Finding her clit he stroked it longingly. Whispering in her ear

" Maybe you should omit the slips in the future"

She started to moan when one of his fingers entered her slowly circling within
her.

She whispered " Please take me"

He took her up sat her on the edge of the kitchen table. Lifted the skirt a
little. Then while kissing her he opened his trousers. And slowly entered her.
His hands were all over her. He moved faster the table starting to creak. She
could only feel him inside her  tied hands her inability to do much. Then she
came with a loud cry.

He held her in his arms gently stroking. Allowing her to rest.

Finally he sat her on the couch in the living room. The blouse was wet from
sweat clung to her body and so revealed even more of what was inside.



He looked at her. " I guess you need a rest while I finish dinner. He produced
another rope wound it around her ankles. She looked at him, still recovering
from her orgasm, feeling and testing the rope around her ankles. He went back to
the kitchen.

She tried to free herself less out of the wish to get free more to get the
feeling of being completely bound.

He didn't release her until late that evening.




Part 3

The next morning they sat together having breakfast. Both felt there was a new
never felt closeness between them that did not need talking about.

It was a sunny Saturday morning and he proposed a shopping trip to the city. Did
he see correctly that her nipples under the T-shirt hardened a little when he
made that proposition? Did she have the same idea on the back of her mind. He
just hoped so.

Was it imagination or was she ready faster than usual. Anyway she looked great
in T-shirt and jeans. When she put on her shoes she made sure he saw her anklet.
In the city they stopped at a side road that led as both of them new to a
sex-shop. He smiled at her she smiled back. Arm in arm they entered the shop.
Not many shoppers they were the only couple. They went along the shelves she was
surprised about her behavior, she felt a line had been crossed, and at the
variety of items. Stopping now and then to take a closer look they approached
the back with the more special goods. A lot of them she recognized from her
earlier visits to the internet. She had been browsing to get a feel for things.

He looked at her " What would you like" he asked in a whisper.

"I donut know" she answered "Shit" she thought, "he is asking so tenderly, why
can I not answer".

She looked around, suddenly she knew what she wanted. With the head she nodded
towards the collars. She goes there touches them. Soft leather harder one.

" I am glad I am wearing a bra", she thought, " otherwise my feelings would
clearly show".

She selects a collar soft leather 1,4 inches wide with a ring in front. She
shows him he smiles takes it.

And you, " she asks" what would you like?"

"You is the only answer" and he kisses her.

"Where are our limits", he thinks, "how far may I go"  

she feels his hesitation, likes it. He leads her to another shelf.

"Select one", he says. She had not thought about something like that. A gag. She
sensed that he carefully watched her reaction. Caressing her lightly.

She had seen gagged women, in the internet but never thought about wearing one
herself. She understood how it worked, but wearing one herself?

She took a ball out with black leather belts attached. Looked at him
inquiringly.

He smiled "beautiful"

She looks at him " Am I too loud" she smiles

" Sometimes but I guess you look lovely wearing it".

 For the loving face she made, he loved her all the more.

On their way to the cashier she stopped al of a sudden told him to wait and
disappeared between the shelves. Shortly after she reappeared a tail-o-nine cat
in her hands. She handed it to him with the words, " I decide when it will be
used".

At the cashier they stand arm in arm, satisfied tension in their eyes and
aroused.

Eager to get home they leave the shop. He whispers "I love you" the answer is
equally short. "I love you too".

Tension was in the air. They headed home.

At home she just looked at him, he nodded. She didn't need more. Vanishing in
the bedroom she changed into a top and skirt nothing else. When she reemerged he
had laid out their acquisitions. She stood in front of him smiling, a little
nervous but also longing. He took the collar kissed her and put it on her. It
was tight not too tight but so that she always was reminded of its presence.

Then he produced a rope. She turned around without being asked and he tied her
hand on her back. With another rope he tied her elbows together. She already
started to moan a little. Feeling her elbows brought together, her bosom
sticking out more. He smiled at her. Next came her feet.. They were tied in a
way that only allowed small steps. She looked at him. He smiled and kissed her
passionately.

Caressing her body with his hands. Exploring those parts he knew to be her most
sensitive. She started to moan, feeling restricted passion building more and
more.

He took off her top and her skirt leaving her naked. He led her out to the
balcony carefully because of her restricted movements. She knew nobody could see
them there. He sat her on a comfortable chair.

He continued to kiss and caress her. Sucking on her nipples she moaned softly.
Nobody could see them but hear.

Finally after an eternity as she thought he reached the spot between her legs.
She moaned louder only desiring her fulfillment at that moment. She whispered,
"Please no whip today", he nodded," but please the gag if we stay outside".

He looked at her smiled got up and fetched the gag.

When he returned she looked at him full of passion and love. He held the gag in
front of her. Looking at him she said,

"Wait a minute. I cannot wear the collar outside but I should like to wear a
sign of you of our special love, something I can always wear that  reminds me of
you wherever I am".

He was surprised also pleased. "I will think of something"

She opened her mouth and he gagged her. She felt that strange sensation. She
couldn't remember having been so horny. What had become of the reluctant
straightforward girl she wondered before his kisses and caresses stopped all
thinking. He had hardly entered her when she came for the first time. Luckily
the gag was firm in place.




Part 4



 She awoke in the morning smelling coffee. Something irresistible to her
especially after an deep sleep. He put the tray with breakfast beside the bed
and slid under the blankets. She snuggled close to him enjoying the coffee and a
toast. Looking longingly at him. " What are we going to do today she asked.

" I thought to the lake some swimming. Its gonna get hot".

She nodded.

"Before", he smiled, "maybe a thank you for making breakfast"

She smiled too, under the blanket she was naked except for her collar and the
anklet. He fetched a rope from the floor where it had been put after their
playing. She turned obediently and smiling around, knowing what he liked.
Feeling the rope wind around her arms by now had a familiar nevertheless
exciting sensation to it.

He was naked too and instinctively she knew how to say thank you. She kneeled
beside his naked body kissed him than moved lower over his belly to his dig,
that already was erect. She closed her mouth over it and began to suck. Her
tongue licking over it.

It didn't take her long until she felt him come. She allowed him to come in her
mouth swallowing most of it.  

Later she stood in front of him still naked and tied. They both liked it.

He had nearly finished his preparations for their trip.

He looked up at her, " oh I nearly forgot you asked for a sign", with that he
put a small box on the table, similar to the one he gave her on their first
evening.

She looked at it already wondering what would be inside. Indicating her tied
hands by showing them she said, "would you open it for me"?

" No was the answer", he went behind her untying her hands, he kissed her neck,
" I want you to open it yourself. And I want you to wear it always, wherever you
are wherever you go."

She was astonished, a little bit anxious. Although she took it unwrapped it.

Hesitated a moment, looking into his eyes. "Always, Everywhere?"

He nodded.

She opened the box. Picked it up. What she held in her hand was a long but
delicate golden chain. She smiled. "You always take me by surprise. I never saw
a chain that long". The clasp had the form of a tiny lock. Understanding starlet
to dawn at the back of her head.

She looked at him quizzically. " Is that the matching chain to my anklet?"

He just nodded his anticipation obvious.

She put it into both hands, guiding it around her waist.  

Locked the chain and glazed at him

He could only admire the way she looked. The way the chain accentuated her
waist.

"I will always wear it", she said, "although I guess I am the only woman in town
wearing one, although I donut know what the people are gonna think seeing it. I
will wear it for you." 

They left she was dressed in a light summer dress her bikini underneath.

At the lake predictably she drew a lot of looks, her waistchain sparkling in the
sunshine around her waist. But the more the people stared the prouder she
became. Starting to wonder what the people might say seeing her tied. Instead of
being uneasy she starled to enjoy it.

She thought, where the hell all of this was going to go.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  weiterhorizont


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





