BDSM Library - Desires of Hell




Desires of Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A beautiful demon convinces and trains powerful men to capture and torture young women to be slaves.
--
This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book
are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely
coincidental.

Copyright (c) 2001 by Firebird, All rights reserved. Uploaded to
www.bdsmlibrary.com by author. May not be reprinted in part or whole without the
expressed written consent of the author.
--




Desires of Hell
by Firebird.

Chapter 001 "Beginnings"

The Earth is old. So very old. In fact the Earth didn't even originally come
from the Milky Way. It was part of another galaxy many many light years away.
Back then it had it's own residents ... the Demons.

Demons aren't very nice. Their only thought in their tiny little brains was to
fight and absorb the energy and power of other demons. This they did with glee
and if facial muscles allowed it, a smile. Thousands of battles were fought for
supremacy, but then again .. there were also a bleedin' lot of Demons to fight.

Everything was going just dandy until some good for nothing asteroid popped up
and collided with the planet. It broke the Earth's orbit from the nearby star
and flung it off into deep space. Good thing too as a black hole popped up a few
million years later and sucked up the whole system. Nasty business space. If
it's not trying to wipe you out every half million years with a hole the size of
a pea, then it's happy to throw some fucking big rocks at you when you're not
looking.

For eons the Earth passed through solar systems and nebulas. After a few near
misses with various planets it got caught up with our current star. A few
million years later a strange green goo appeared and decided it would be fun to
create the first proteins. After that it was just a matter of time before some
very weird looking grumpy hairy creatures appeared and mucked things up.

Yep, feminists!

And did the Demons who were on Earth originally die out? ... Most did, and that
is where our story begins. _________________________

Her name is Debbie. Currently she sleeps in a zone of belief called Hell. It
seems very real and in many ways it is. Nearly every human in the world has
heard of Hell. It exists in the minds of everyone, and therefore it is real.
Don't argue with me on this one okay?!

Debbie isn't a demon or creature of Hell. But she's a nasty little bugger when
the mood takes her. And unfortunately for the people who work with her, Debbie
is 'always' in the mood. Deb was one of the first billion or so of humans to
live on the Earth. But she was bad. I mean very bad. She wouldn't share her
lucky Stegosaurus leg with her clan. She pushed people into Sabre tooth tiger
pits and then threw in the tiger. She even went so far as to string up the
leader of the clan by his genitals because he got her birth date wrong. No
calenders back then apparently.

It was safe to say Deb wasn't exactly popular with the clan. So they bashed her
head in with a big rock and dumped her over the side of a cliff. That's how Deb
got into Hell. Diablo, the Devil God, thought she was amusing so he gave her a
job. No sick leave but she had a great Dental plan. _________________________

Real Demons don't really care about time. They have no need for it. Does any
shopkeeper in the world make claim to selling a Swatch to a Demon of the
underworld? ... Nah, didn't think so either. They are however very good at
following the passage of time when it relates to mortals. Demons totally detest
mortals. It's a hobby.

See, real Demons are immortal and they're very good at it. But Humans
unwittingly saved themselves from Demons by inventing Gods. Once enough belief
has gone into creating and worshipping a God then they manifest themselves.

To a God, belief is their life-blood. Without it they no longer exist. So they
are really keen on making sure people know about them so they can stick around.
It's easy for Humans because all they need to do is believe in themselves.
Apparently someone famous said I believe therefore I am. It's simply not like
that for Gods. Which is a lucky thing for us.

Now Gods can do all sorts of wonderful things. I wouldn't dream of trying to
list them here cos you'd be reading this story for a bloody long time if I did.
But there is two things Gods cannot do. One, a God cannot fight a Demon or vice
versa. Two, they cannot show their true form to a human. They have to give
little hints to say if they're real or not.

So we have Gods and we have Demons. The real bugger of it is that neither of
them can run around on Earth in their normal form but they can however change
into any creature they like. Problem is while they're on Earth they are mortal
and very capable of getting the shit kicked out of them. With each creature a
God or Demon becomes there are certain limitations on what they can or cannot
do.

See, the more evil a Demon wants to be the more rules it has to follow. If it
wants to be really bad and nasty then it generally has to hide in a swamp or in
some dark deep cave. However if they want to be just merely irritating then they
pop up in human form, run around each Sunday morning knocking on doors waking
people from their sleep-ins, then trying to flog some booklets or badges and
getting people to pop into their local worshipping grounds once a week. Demons
really play rough. _________________________

Debbie stretched her arms towards the skies. She shifted slightly to allow the
ache in her back and neck to subside. No use. She got up and felt the wave of
relief as blood flooded back into crushed vessels. She enjoyed the feeling for a
moment and then clicked her fingers. All the bruises and sores disappeared.
Debbie had a fantastic body on Earth. Well, prior to her having her head bashed
in. Diablo made sure her boobs were tight and tender. That there was very little
fat on the ass and thighs. And a face to die for. Her hair was long and blonde
and she had a look of an Angel.

Diablo gave her some extra gifts when she took on her job. One was that she
could heal the body of any human she desired. It would have been a great gift if
Deb was a Nun. However Deb was a torturer. And she really liked her job!

She checked her leather outfit to make sure it was covering the right holes and
nipples then set off for her pit. Hell was simply a huge cavern. Nothing fancy
apart from small hills along the way to support implements of terror. It grew to
accommodate new arrivals automatically. In the center was a large steep
mountain. This was where Diablo sat and watched. Diablo loved his job too and
spent hours watching his Hell creatures torment humans who had chosen the wrong
tunnel. He didn't care if humans sinned or not. It wasn't his
problem
if they didn't go towards the light when they were suppose to.

Debbie dropped down into her pit into waist deep slime. It rolled over her body
like it was alive. It tickled her nether regions and she moaned slightly. It was
then she was greeted by her help. A curious little Imp called Gord. Gord was
what you would expect an Imp to look like. He had green skin, pointed ears,
sharp rows of teeth and a devilish look about him. He was also the most cunning
of the Imps in Hell. Well, that's what he claimed to be.

She made a request in her mind and slowly the slime started to solidify. As she
stepped upwards it turned into soil and then dirt.

"Morning Mistress." said Gord giving Debbie his biggest smile. It was like being
greeted by Jaws one, two and three all in one.

"Morning Gord." replied Debbie. "What have we got today?"

"Not much Mistress. A couple of floggings this morning before they're sent onto
the next pit. Oh, and I think the big boss man wants you later."

Debbie smiled. Imps can sense their feelings two to three hours ahead. A very
handy use if they were on Earth. Deb looked over three women who were staked
spreadeagle to the ground. Even though the souls' physical bodies were rotting
in some coffin somewhere that didn't mean souls couldn't feel pain. Deb took the
whip offered to her by Gord and practiced a strike.

The loud crack from the whip scared the women. They started crying and sobbing
for mercy. Debbie limbered up her arm and went to work. She brought the whip down
across all three women. The distinct red line appeared on their belly. The souls
bellowed. Again and again Deb struck the girls. More lines cris-crossed their
bodies and breasts. Gord started eating off the toes of one of the girls who
scream hysterically. He nibbled off the toes and then spat them one by one onto
the girl's stomach. Debbie finished her whipping and forced the whip handle up
the cunt of the nearest girl. Unfortunately it grew many long spikes tipped with
venom before it had even got a third of the way in. The soul bellowed it's
displeasure. Creatures from other pits even stopped and turned around to see
where all the loud screaming was coming from.

Debbie laughed. She waited a few minutes chatting to Gord about the weather and
then snapped her fingers. Instantly all wounds and sores were healed on the
girls. Only the memory of pain remained.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------





Desires of Hell
by Firebird.

Chapter 002 "Earth Access"

Gord handed Debbie a towel to wipe the sweat away from her face. For hours
Debbie tortured a young teenage girl by very slowly peeling the girl's very skin
from her body. Deb took care to maximize the pain by peeling the skin back very
slowly. Gord watched on dribbling at very scream and cry for mercy.

Finally when only the skin from the girl's face remained Debbie took the pain
limits to their maximum. She smiled at Gord and he handed her a large container.
Deb showered the soul's skinless body with sea-salt. Exposed nerves sent violent
messages to the brain. Thick red muscles clenched and contorted under the
violent assault.

Gord laughed and when the girl had finally passed out, Debbie snapped her
fingers to restore the soul's flesh and skin back to normal.

"I like this one Gord, can we keep her longer?"

"Sorry Mistress. She's overdue for the next pit as it is."

Gord waved his hands and the girl disappeared from the table. She reappeared a
second later at the edge of a pit full of mucky water fifty meters away. The
girl awoke and tried to gain her bearings. As she stood up a tentacle whipped
out of the water and grabbed her ankle. The girl bellowed for help while she was
dragged into the pit. There she was fucked by over four thousand cocks.

Debbie looked over. "Look's like she's enjoying herself."

Gord returned Debbie's smile. Both torturers sat back and relaxed. They chatted
about their next punishment but were interrupted by a huge bellow from the
central mountain. Both Imp and human stood up.

"What was that Gord?"

"Me don't know. But doesn't sound good for someone."

They watched on as flames erupted from the mountain. Lighting streaked across
the sky and thunder shook the very ground. Diablo was angry and if there was one
thing Diablo was good at, it was punishing those who angered him.

A few minutes later a small creature showed up at Debbie's pit. It was a
messenger. Both Debbie and Gord regarded the creature as an inferior life-form.
Only respect for the Dark Lord was mandatory, other beings could get stuffed.

"Master wants to see you at Mountain." it gabbled and then ran off.

Debbie smirked. "Look's like I'm clean up girl again. See ya Gord."

Gord watched as Debbie floated into the air and headed towards the mountain. She
rose up towards the peak but slowing her accent when she neared the top. It
wasn't wise to be higher than the dark Lord. He was really picky about that. She
alighted a few meters and gained a hold on the side of the rocky face. She
climbed the rest of the way.

When Deb reached the top she brushed the dirt off her hands and breasts then
walked towards a large chair. It appeared no one was sitting in it so she stood
there for a few moments catching her breath.

"MISTRESS DEBBIE."

Debbie gasped and spun around only to find no one behind her. The voice seemed
to come from inside her head. She took a deep breath to control her panic.
Quickly and very forcefully she relaxed. Again she looked around and saw no one,
and then he was there ... in a blink of an eye.

The dark lord stood before her. Debbie dropped to her knees and averted her eyes
from his. She only glimpsed the Dark Lord's eyes for an instant but it was
enough. It felt like her very being was being tortured and mutilated. Waiting
patiently and quietly Debbie could hear her breathing quickening. The Dark Lord
had that effect on females, problem was he liked girls more than he liked boys.

"How may I server my master?" grovelled Debbie.

Debbie wasn't above grovelling. When your whole existence was on the line and
grovelling was the only way out ... then you damn well grovelled.

The Dark Lord petted Debbie's long blonde hair. Debbie could feel the warmth
from his chosen body. Naturally being a God the Dark Lord could have any form he
desired.

"HOW STRONG IS YOUR LOYALTY TO ME?"

Every word shuddered through Debbie's being. She composed herself.

"Your wish is my command O'Lord. What bidding can this feeble creature do for
you?"

"BLOW ME AND I SHALL EXPLAIN YOUR TASK."

Debbie saw the feet of the Dark Lord turn and walk to his chair. She scampered
along on her hands and knees. He stood there waiting for her. She kneeled in
front of him and with all her daring she removed his briefs. His cock seemed
like any normal man's but Debbie knew from experience that the Dark Lord could
make it as long or as spiky as he wished.

She waited for Diablo to sit and she moved his legs open. She sat down in
between and took the penis into her mouth. She pumped it a few times and then
felt it grow. Debbie didn't slow for an instant. She push her nose towards his
groin and allowed the cock to extend further and further into her throat. Very
quickly it was pushing down her esophagus. Debbie held her position and using
her throat muscles she deep throated her Dark Lord.

"THE TASK I'VE SET FOR YOU IS THIS. GO TO THE EARTH DIMENSION. LOCATE SERVANTS
OF EVIL AND TRAIN THEM IN TORTURE. USE WHATEVER MEANS YOU HAVE AVAILABLE. I
GRANT YOU PERMISSION TO TAKE YOUR IMP. DON'T FAIL ME!"

Debbie felt every word more than she heard it. She struggled with giving the
boss-man head as her oxygen was being cut off. The Dark Lord allowed her to moan
and groan then he unloaded his semen. Debbie felt it gushing down into her
stomach. And then she felt it sizzle against her stomach walls.

Tears welled up in Debbie's eyes. She forgot that Diablo's sperm was acid. She
waited until the Dark Lord pushed her off him and before she hit the ground she
snapped her fingers to restore her body to full heath. She lay there gasping.

After a minute Debbie sat up and knelt towards the empty chair of her Dark Lord.
She prayed silently for him and then stood up. She felt her body lift upwards
and towards her pit. The pain in her belly remained and she greedily took the
antidote Gord offered her when she landed.

"What's our orders boss?" he asked.

"We're going to Earth Gord, we've got a mission." smiled Debbie.

"Sounds like fun."

Both human and Imp soared upwards into the skies. Gord's wings extended to give
him a better flying advantage and easily over took Debbie. Soon they were above
their land into the coldness of space. There were a few pin-pricks of light to
suggest stars but Debbie knew that it was just an illusion. The Dark Lord had
his reasons and you simply didn't question the Dark Lord.

Weightless in space Debbie closed her eyes and concentrated. She had to create a
passage way between the two dimensions and it wasn't something she was use to
doing. Gathering her strength and trying to ignore Gord's breathing nearby she
focused on a point a meter ahead of her. After a few seconds a faint light
appeared before her.

"Getting there Mistress. Just a bit more." said Gord encouragingly.

Debbie increased her focus and soon the light shone more brightly. She extended
a finger forward and pushed it directly into the light. The heat was the first
thing she noticed. She continued pushing until her whole hand was in. Taking a
grip of the hide of the hole she pulled over to the side. The hole was
increasing. Debbie kept pulling until she had the hole big enough for her and
Gord.

Without even a look back they entered the hole to Earth.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------





Desires of Hell
by Firebird.

Chapter 003 "Rove and Thorn"

Gord and Debbie appeared in the skies. They took in the magnificent views and
fresh air. Gord gagged but that was to be expected. The sun warmed Debbie's body
and the cool air made her skin tingle. For a while they played and enjoyed
themselves. Like excited little kids getting ready for their first day of school
... until Gord noticed something shiny in the distance. Debbie noticed him
staring and she too focused on the object.

"What is it Gord?"

"No idea Mistress. But it's coming this way."

The pair waited. And waited some more.

"FUCK!!!!"

The pair got the hell out of the way fast.

Only by pure luck they got out of the way of the 747. The backwash threw them
tumbling towards the Earth. Gord's wings slowly stablised him. However Debbie
didn't have wings and she ended up crashing into something soft and mushy. After
a few moments Gord landed nearby.

"Mistress Debbie, are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. But what in Hell's fury have I landed in."

Gord looked around and finally saw a sign.

"Hhhmmm ... something called fertilizer. Smells nice though."

"Doesn't taste nice you little fuck, get me out of here."

After Gord removed Debbie from the steam stinking pile of crap, she washed
herself down and took in her surroundings. All in all it wasn't a great start to
her mission. _________________________

As with all stories there must be a good guy and a bad guy. Unfortunately for
the people of Earth and for all the young women who will be tortured in many
chapters to come our hero isn't going to be that heroic. He's not exactly good
looking. No real muscles to speak of either. His belly looks more like a keg
than a six pack and if he had an original thought he'd end up in a month long
coma.

Happily we can say his interference will be fairly minimal, but fate says the
wanker will corrupt many a good plan. His name is Thorn. He has a first name
which is kinda of nice but let's just call him Thorn for now.

Thorn worked in the exciting life of Gardening. He didn't actually own a garden
center ... or even managed one ... or did anything with plants. He was more you
could say ... a carrier of fermenting vegetation from compost heap to bags to be
sold outside the shop. However since Thorn didn't really have a good sense of
smell then it was an okay job. Let's just say he doesn't date much either.

Thorn cleaned off the shovel after a hard day's slog and put it in the shed. He
jumped aboard his valiant steed (an old rusty BMX bike which still had one
permanently rusted trainer wheel) and rode off into the sunset, albeit mostly
towards the left. He headed for home.

Most writers would write that the wind swept through his hair and the sweat
glistened off his young hot body. Fortunately he only lived half a block away so
let's forget the windy thing okay. Dumping his bike outside his house Thorn
entered the building.

It was an okay building. Single story, couple of rooms, it smelled like a
brothel. Nice pink gnomes in the front yard suggested someone was severely
colour-blind or had too much dope on their hands. There was the classic white
picket fence, although it was missing a few pickets. No bird poop anywhere to be
seen. I guess even birds didn't even think it was worth pooping on.

However Thorn had one thing going for him. His loving sister, Kate. She was a
darling brunette with a cute boyish body. Apart from the fact that she had two
boobs and a cunt she'd be so much like a boy it wasn't funny. Her hair blonde
and cut very short. She tended to moan a lot when she wasn't happy, which seemed
to be 110% of the time. She didn't go out much, just stayed in her bedroom.
Apart from when she needed to talk with Thorn ... like now. She stood in front
of him and crossed her arms.

"Mum's gone out. Make dinner."

And that was the end of the argument .. apart from when she kneed him in the
groin, but all girls do that to younger brothers ... especially their own. Once
Thorn had quit groaning and rolling around on the floor he got to the task of
fixing dinner. The only thing he could make was scrambled eggs. He heated up the
old fat in the saucepan and after several attempts managed to crack some eggs.
He watched them closely as they did breast strokes through the fat from one side
of the sauce pan to the other.

After a while he pulled them out and put them onto a plate, with toast. He took
them to this sister's room and knocked on the door. The door opened a little and
a hairy hand shot out and grabbed the plate. Thorn never wondered why his sister
who was so clean shaven had such hairy knuckles when she was in her room. She
also had a very manly voice from behind the door. He shrugged and walked away
not listening to the two distinct giggles emanating from Kate's hideaway.
_________________________

Debbie struggled to find her niche in life. First she had to learn all about
cars, planes, streets, sky-scrapers, indoor toilets, the Australians, and many
other big changes on the Earth. She recalled many of her slaves screamed about
their homes. Mostly it was "I WANT to go home." but occasionally she'd hear,
"This feels just LIKE home."

She did know that getting information wasn't easy. Getting a simple answer out
of someone without the use of hot pokers was like trying to get blood from a
stone. Gord kept himself dim when any Earthlings were nearby. Dim meaning he was
invisible. So Debbie was essentially on her own. She spotted a guy walking along
the street wearing a lot of gadgets on his belt and swinging a funny looking
stick. She put on her cutest smile and approached him for information.

"Hey you! Where do I go to find someone to torture someone else?!!"

Debbie didn't understand how this person could misunderstand her obviously
simple question. So she repeated herself but a little louder. The look of
perplexity was annoying so she threw some mild threats like I'm going to cut off
your genitals with a spoon and eat them. It was a good thing Gord appeared out
of mid-air and bit the man's head off before he fired the metal device he had
pointed at her.

"Mistress, I think we better get away from here and I also think we need to get
your some garments." said Gord picking at his teeth.

Even Debbie had to agree on that. Strolling around in a slinky bikini in the
middle of Vista wasn't bright. First clothes, then food and then somehow they
needed to get to LA. It was big, bright and filled with plenty of fresh girls.
_________________________

Thorn stretched and flexed his fingers. He strengthen his resolve to fight the
bad demons in front of him. He grabbed his instruments of death and started
hacking. He kicked forward catching a demon in the groin and then with the grace
of a ballet dancer spun and chopped off the demon's head. Blood spewed forth and
he continued his battle.

Another Demon went down with a shotgun blast to their face. Thorn jumped into
the air and did numerous 360 turns firing wildly all over the place. Demons
exploded into road kill. Vomit and blood flowed into nearby drainage systems.

After a while many demons lay dead before him. He held up his bloody battle-axe
in triumph. Now came the part where he had to face the head Demon. This dude was
bad, very bad. He was all spikes, teeth and a lot of drool.

Thorn rushed forward with an attack, swung his axe ...... and froze.

"Damn! .... Mum, the computer needs more RAM!" _________________________

Debbie was sporting a great outfit courtesy of a lady who died happily for her
cause. The lady was just standing there on the corner smiling to males driving
by. When Debbie approached her she said she was happy to do kinky stuff. So
Debbie killed her.

Pretty kinky aye?!

Now for transport. Debbie saw a lot of cars wizzing past and smoking around the
place but desired to have the wind in her hair again. Gord had already said no
to flying as Debbie had trouble making herself dim. So she decided to get a bike
and if the Mistress from Hell was going anywhere it had better be on a Harley.
An expensive one she announced.

Gord rolled his eyes and followed Debbie dimly into a Biker's bar.

Smoke stung Debbie's eyes but she soon got accustomed to it. She went over to
the bar and scouted the crowd. No one paid her any attention. This didn't go
over too well with Debbie so she decided to take action.

Grabbing the nearest mean looking bastard she asked, "Want a fuck!?"

"Get lost whore!" said the mean looking bastard and he continued walking and
drinking to the pool table.

Both Gord and Debbie watched dumb-struck as the man disappeared into the crowed.

"Gord, I just offered myself to that prick and he said ... no?"

Gord shook his head but luckily he had an idea, "He's gay."

"Oh okay ... he's gay. Cool ... um ... Gord, what's gay?"

"Hey pretty!"

Debbie turned to look at the direction of the voice. The man beckoned her over.
His mud encrusted shoes stunk out the whole area around him and they were
sitting up on the table. And worse, his feet were in them. His leather jacket
had seen better days. He had numerous tattoos all over his body and most of them
were implying insertion of long foreign objects into the female body. Debbie
smiled. It wasn't very often you learn something new from a tattoo.

What caught Debbie's eye was his face. He was clean shaven and really handsome.
There weren't any scars, warts or even a bloody pimple. Debbie liked him
immediately. He smelt of evil, money and intelligence.

"Name's Rove, what's yours?"

Well, maybe not that intelligent.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fire-Bird


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





