BDSM Library - Linda's Adventure in Paradise




Linda's Adventure in Paradise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Heiress Linda Hays follows under Sven's power.  She disapears after attending a party where she meets Sven, only to turn up a year later transformed and married to Abdul Ben Akmad and arab shiek.
LINDA'S ADVENTURE IN PARADISE

by, BZ


    The couple sat in their hotel suite having cocktails before dinner. They had
been in Paris for nearly a week now and to all who observed them they seemed be
a typically affluent American couple.  Sven, always natty in his Seville Row
suits and Linda, as usual, attired in a Dior frock.  In an hour's time they
would be meeting a client of Sven's for dinner.

    The dinner was excellent as usual, afterward Sven invited his client back to
their suite.   Sven opened a bottle of Dom Perignon and filled three tulip
shaped flutes.  After the three had clinked their glasses in a toast it was time
for Sven to get down to business.

    Linda Hays, the daughter of prominent industrialist Martin Hays and his wife
Janice was just as she appeared, the spoiled and arrogant offspring of wealthy
parents who had died too soon, making her the heiress to their fortune.  She was
a striking redhead with flashing green eyes and the temperament usually
associated with those features.  In her stocking feet she stood about 5'5" and
had a figure to match any of the models they had seen at the Dior fashion show
several days ago.  For the past year, however, she had been in Sven's "care"; 
and Linda's carefree jet setting life style had been turned upside down.

    Linda had met Sven at one of those parties frequented by the idle rich. He
was an attractive bachelor who practiced Psychiatry and dabbled in hypnotism (he
sometimes found it useful in his practice).  The party's hostess had prevailed
upon him to give a hypnosis demonstration as entertainment for the party. 
Linda'd had a fascination for hypnotism since she was a kid, but she was
confident that she was too strong willed to succumb to it's influence.   Linda
had been an eager volunteer when Sven asked for subjects, hoping that she could
spoil the show when he was unable to put her under.

    Linda and three other party guests where selected as subjects and Sven
proceeded to put his four subjects into a trance.  Linda proved to be the
hardest of the four subjects for Sven to hypnotize, but finally she too
succumbed to Sven's mesmerizing voice.

    Sven had his subjects do the standard bag of party tricks, he had one man
feel as though the room was excessively cold causing him to stand shivering and
hugging himself to try to keep warm, and then being so hot that he broke out in
a profuse sweat.  Sven told the other woman subject to relax her arm as he took
four long hat pins and pierced (skewered was more like it) her forearm
completely through, she sat smiling apparently not feeling a thing.  Sven then
had the other male subject running around on all fours and barking like a dog. 
This was a fairly impressive exhibition considering his subjects were very
wealthy people who were not usually inclined to such behavior.

    As for Linda, Sven had her stand then told her to make her body very rigid. 
Then with the aid of the two male subjects her rigid body was lifted then placed
on two supporting chairs.  Linda's head rested on the back of one chair her feet
on the back of the another.  All the time her body remained perfectly rigid, not
a muscle moved.  As Linda spanned the space between the two chairs Sven walked
about her whispering in her ear.  He was planting a few posthypnotic suggestions
in Linda's head.

    Sven's first suggestion to Linda had been for her to meet him for drinks at
a local hot spot the next day.  The second had been to keep their engagement
secret and to wear a disguise.

    Sven sat at a table in the bar, he was not certain that Linda would keep
their rendezvous since posthypnotic suggestions did not always work.  When Linda
showed up with her distinctive red hair completely encased in a floppy hat and
wearing sunglasses Sven knew he had her.  They ordered Cosmopolitans and talked. 
After a few rounds he asked if she would like to continue their evening at his
hotel room.  Linda always ready for some fun, agreed.

    Since both Linda and Sven each had their own cars, Linda followed Sven to
his hotel. Sven pulled in and handed his keys to the parking valet. Linda pulled
in right behind him.  Sven gave her a spare room key card, and told her go on up
to his room and make herself comfortable while he tended to her car. 

    Sven watched as Linda disappeared into the hotel lobby.  He jumped into
Linda's car drove it several blocks, parking it on the street.  He locked the
car, but left the keys in the ignition.  He then hurried back to the hotel.

    Sven let himself into his hotel suite and found Linda sitting in the chair
by the window.  He made a show of dropping his car keys and valet ticket on a
table by the door telling Linda that they were hers.  He suggested drinks and
she accepted.

    It was time to see if his third posthypnotic suggestion to Linda would also
worked.

    Sven turned to Linda speaking her name,  he snapped his fingers twice, and
said the word "sleep".  Linda looked at Sven when she heard her name then slowly
her head slumped over.  She was oblivious to all around her except for the sound
of Sven's voice.

    Linda had been just what Sven was always on the look out for.  The
mesmerizing Sven had a lucrative side line to his psychiatric practice.  He
specialized in transforming spoiled little rich girls into the doting pets for
an even richer clientele.

    Sven set about transforming Linda Hays, his current little rich girl into a
dutiful and obedient slave.  He did not plan to waste any time.

    Sven began by reinforcing the hypnotic hold he now held over his helpless
victim.  He spoke her name "Linda, you can hear only my voice  and you will do
exactly as I say.  Do you understand?"

    Linda sleepily responded: "yes".

    "Now Linda, I will count backwards slowly from ten,  each count will take
you deeper and deeper into your hypnotic sleep.  Do you understand?"

    Again a sleepy "yes" was Linda's response.

    Sven began counting "Ten, think of your most pleasant memory as you fall
deeper into sleep.  Nine, you can not help yourself as you focus on your memory
and it becomes more acute your sleep will become deeper and deeper. Eight, the
thought of your memory is completely enveloping you, you can not resist as it
envelopes you but the memory is changing, it is slowly changing to visions of
submission, your submission............................ One, you are now in the
deepest possible sleep, you have no control, you have no control.  You can not
move, talk or even think without my permission.  You hear my voice and you must
obey.  You have no will of your own, you hear my voice and you must obey.  If
you understand you will respond: Yes master."

    Sven asked: "Do you understand slave?"

    "Yes master" was Linda's reply.

    "Very good, now lets make you look more like a true slave."  Sven then
intoned:  "Linda, you will rise from the chair and stand before your master."

    Linda slowly straightened then stood up.  Sven instructed her:  "Stand
perfectly still, your muscles are becoming stiff.  Try to move, you can not. The
more you try to move the stiffer your muscles will become until you can not move
at all.   Now try to move."

    Linda did her best to move her arms, her legs, her head, anything but found
it impossible. Soon she stood before her master as rigid as a statue carved out
of marble.

    Sven walked around his immobile subject, admiring Linda's perfect figure and
reflecting on how he had reversed the story of Pygmalion.  He came behind her
and slowly unzipped Linda's dress.  He pulled the dress down over her shoulders,
then with another little assist to get it past her full hips the garment dropped
and gathered around her feet.  Still the statue, Linda now attired only in
panties, garter belt, hosiery and shoes stood silently before her master.  Sven 
proceeded to slide her panties down her thighs, they joined the heap gathering
about Linda's ankles, he was pleased that she decided to forgo the bra.

    Sven now allowed his statue-like slave to relax her rigid muscles.  He had
her step out of the heap or garments gathered around her ankles and had her move
over to the couch.  At the couch Sven ordered his compliant slave to lay down. 
Once reposed on the couch Sven removed Linda's conservative pumps and her relax.

    Linda spent the night on the couch wearing only her garter belt and
stockings.  Sven placed  a pair of earphones over her head as she slept.  A tape
recorder playing a continuous loop  tape provided the soothing sound of rain
fall in the background as she heard an echoing refrain though out the night "you
are now in the deepest possible sleep, you have no control, you have no control. 
You can not move, talk or even think without my permission.  You hear my voice
and you must obey.  You have no will of your own, you hear my voice and you must
obey....you are now in the deepest possible sleep, you have no control, you have
no control.  You can not move, talk or even think without my permission.  You
hear my voice and you must obey.  You have no will of your own, you hear my
voice and you must obey"

    In the early morning Sven returned to his sleeping beauty and removed the
earphones.  He calmly whispered in her ear:  "you will now fall into a natural
sleep for about an hours time.  You will awake when I snap my fingers three
times, you will feel refreshed, as though you'd had the best sleep of your life. 
You will have no conscious memory of last night."

    Sven had a few things to take care of so he covered her with a blanket, then
left her to sleep for one more hour.  When he returned he snapped his fingers
three times.  Linda slowly started to stir, she opened her eyes and stretched
her limbs.  She indeed felt very relaxed as though she had never had a better
sleep.  She asked Sven what had happened last night, she said she couldn't
remember a thing and was puzzled as to why she was naked except for her garter
belt and hose and sleeping alone on the couch. She also wandered how she could
have had such a perfect sleep, sleeping on the couch.

    Sven replied:  "The drinks must have been a little too strong, we were on
our way to the bed room and you were disrobing as we went, but you passed out
before we got there.  I carried you to the couch covered you with a blanket and
let you sleep it off.  I'm glad you seem to be feeling better."

    Linda was a little puzzled, if she had passed out from the drinks why did
she feel so good instead of hung over?  Since she could not come up with a more
reasonable explanation, she decided to accept Sven's for now.

    Sven had a breakfast prepared for her which she ate gratefully, but she
could not find her clothes.  Linda was at first upset that her clothes had
"disappeared", but then she thought Sven probably planned to follow through on
that "fun" she thought she was going to have last night.  She was right, but not
in the way that she thought.

    Linda was feeling pretty good now that she had eaten, but was  getting
impatient about the fun and games.  It didn't seem to Linda that they were
proceeding to any of the games that she'd had in mind.  After all she was
parading around in her birthday suit while Sven seemed to pay little or no
attention to her.  She reasoned that if there were no games, there was no reason
for her to be naked.

    When Sven seemed to just ignore her, a spark ignited within the firebrand,
and that legendary temper exploded.  As Linda launched into a tirade, Sven
calmly turned and spoke:  "Linda," he snapped his fingers twice, "sleep".

    The tirade stopped in mid sentence.  Linda's eyes closed, her head drooped
and as she began to collapse Sven caught her then guided her back to the couch. 

    Back to the business at hand.  Sven deepened Linda's trance before
beginning.  "Linda I am going to ask you a few questions and you will answer me
truthfully.  Do you understand?

    "Yes master" was the response.

    "Did you follow all of the instructions you were given, before you met me
for drinks.

    "Yes master."
   
    "Very good slave, now is anyone expecting you to be anywhere or do anything
within the next few days?"

    "Yes master, I am meeting my stepsister and her husband tonight."

    Sven knew this already, but asked anyway:  "can you cancel?"

    "Yes master, I can cancel."

    "Good, what is your stepsister's number?"

    "777-7673"

    "You will tell her that you met an old girl friend, she is only in town for
the night and wants to get together with you before she leaves.  Will that
convince your stepsister?"

    "Yes master, I have broken many engagements with her and her husband."

    "Very good.  Do you keep in regular contact with your stepsister?"

    "Yes master, at least once a week."

    "Good, tell her you'll talk to her next week.  Do you understand?"

    "Yes master."

    "Excellent, while you are talking to your stepsister you will be able to
talk in a normal speech pattern just as though you were awake.  Do you
understand?"

    "Yes master."

    Sven retrieved Linda's purse and rummaged through it until he found Linda's
cell phone, he dialed 777-7673 on the phone waited for it to ring then handed
the phone to Linda.

    Linda talked to her stepsister for well over an hour, she apologized for
having to cancel their plans for tonight.  She relayed all of Sven's
instructions.  Then  she and her sister just talked  (Sven had told to have a
normal conversation).

    After receiving Linda's call her stepsister Susan and her husband Tom
clinked their glasses and toasted each other on their success.  Susan had been
the hostess of that party where Linda had met Sven, and after a week's time they
would be only too happy to notify the authorities that Linda was missing.  And
assume control over Linda's fortunes.

    After listening to Linda ramble on the phone it was with pleasure that he
took the phone and clicked it off.  "You did very well, are there any other
appointments or commitments that you have planned for the next week or two?"

    "No master."

    "Now it's time to get our pretty little slave ready for transport. Linda,
sleep."

    Linda's head drooped forward, her chin resting on her chest.

    Sven prepared to check out of the hotel.  He had already packed his
suitcases including Linda's clothing among his own things.  All that was left
was to pack Linda, and that is what he was preparing to do.

    Sven knew that it would be no problem walking Linda out of the hotel if he
wanted to, but he had been very careful not to seen with Linda in the hotel.  So
far no one would be able to link him to the disappearance of heiress Linda Hays.

    Sven had already assembled the materials he needed (several lengths of rope,
an effective gag, a set of handcuffs, and his large steamer trunk) to pack Linda
away for trip to Paradise.

    The trunk was placed near the couch where Linda sat motionlessly.  Sven knew
that some of the precautions he was about to take really were not necessary.  
But what the hell, Sven liked tying up pretty women.  So Linda's unresisting
legs were bound at the ankles and above the knees.  He then forced her mouth
open and placed a small foam ball in it. The ball was small but too large to
swallow without a great deal of effort.  He then covered her mouth with surgical
tape.  When the ball made contact with Linda's saliva it began to expand.  It
continued to expand until her entire mouth cavity was fitted to form with foam,
creating a more than efficient gag.

    Sven carried Linda the short distance to the trunk, he positioned her in the
trunk so that her back was resting against one side, and with her legs bent up
at the knee, her feet just reached the other side. Taking a short length of rope
and threading it through a ring at the bottom of the trunk just below Linda's
feet he passed the rope up between  her ankles knotting the two ends together in
front of her ankle bind.

    Next he forced her to lean forward with her arms hanging limp on either
side, he then took the pair of hinged handcuffs and cuffed her wrists together
under her bent knees.  This forced her to maintain this somewhat fetal sitting
position.

    He had just one more thing to do and Linda would be ready to travel.  He
took two pieces of plastic tubing and forced them up into her nasal passages,
then applied a few more pieces of surgical tape to hold them in place.  Sven
fastened the tubes to their connections in the lid of the trunk, now she was
ready for the long trip to paradise.

    With Linda now secured and ready for travel Sven decided it was time his
captive was able to share in the fun.  "I will snap my fingers three times and
you will awaken."  Linda opened her eyes at the third snap of Sven's fingers and
the tirade that had been interrupted continued anew.  Only now all Sven  could
hear was a very muffled mmmmmmpppppphhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!

    Linda was frantic.  Sven greeted her "Hello sleepy head"  Linda struggled
like crazy.  She soon discovered that all of struggling was fruitless her bound
feet were  anchored to the bottom of the chest and incapable of movement.  Her
arms were only slightly less restricted but could not be moved past her knees.
And finally she realized she was so tightly wedged into the trunk that she could
not possibly regain her freedom without help. 

    "Right now we are going on a little trip, so would you be so kind as to
lower you head while I close up this trunk."

    Sven had used this trunk many times before (in fact he never traveled
without it).  The trunk was padded on the inside helping to restrict the
movements of it's occupant.  As a precaution against inquisitive baggage
handlers the trunk also had a rubber bladder attached to the inside that when
filled with water compensated for the trunks weight difference when unoccupied. 
In addition it had some cleverly disguised venting holes, which the tubes in
Linda's nose were now connected to, allowing fresh air into the occupant.  And
to secure it all there were two straps that went around it's outside and buckled
and locked and a latch that also locked.

    With his packing all done Sven called down to the desk and requested a
bellboy and luggage trolly to remove the baggage from his room.  When the
bellboy arrived Sven helped him load the trolly, not being at all gentle while
handling the trunk.  Once his baggage was assembled in the lobby Sven checked
out, giving the bellboy a generous tip.  He had the valet bring his car around
to the front of hotel and loaded the steamer into the car's trunk, the rest of
the luggage went on the back seat.  As he drove to the airport he passed the
spot where he had parked Linda's car, he was pleased to see that it was gone.

    Once at the airport Sven drove to the section set aside for private planes. 
His private jet was ready and waiting.  He parked next to the jet and loaded the
trunk and baggage into the plane.  When all was secured he drove the car to the
rental drop off.   When he was alone in the plane he knew he could safely let
Linda out of the trunk but he liked it better this way, he yelled back at the
trunk "next stop Paradise."  He could not hear Linda's muffled reply:
"mmmmmmmmmmpppppppppphhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

    
       
      The flight, which lasted a little over nine hours counting a brief layover
in San Diego for refueling, was pretty routine.  They experienced turbulence
around mid flight, but nothing that would delay their E.T.A.

    At about 6:00 P.M. (local time) Sven landed the jet on his small island
home.  The island was one of the many small islands that made up the Hawaiian
chain.  The island was large enough to support a small herd of cattle (which it
once did).  But now Sven was the islands sole permanent resident.  He had
purchased the island years ago when it's previous owner had failed to make a go
of it in the cattle business.

    The only buildings that remained on the island where the Ranch House where
Sven resided, a stables (once used by the ranch hands) where Sven housed his one
and only horse and the hanger for his plane.  Sven had long since razed all of
the other buildings left from the islands ranch days. There was one other
building, one which Sven called his "guesthouse", but this building was
underground (directly under the stables) and not visible to intruders. 

    After landing Sven took his time unloading the plane.  He brought a hand
dolly around to handle the steamer trunk.  Although the "guesthouse" was located
under the stables its' entrance was through a tunnel that connected to the main
house.  Sven wheeled the trunk into the house then to the elevator that would
take him down to the "guesthouse's" tunnel entrance.  He delivered Linda (trunk
encased) to her new home.  Sven went about unloading the rest of the plane. 
After unpacking, he took a long hot shower then fixed himself a good meal,
relaxed in his den with a snifter of cognac and a fine cigar.  Then, finally, he
went and looked in on Linda, still confined in the trunk. 

    Linda had now spent about fourteen hours confined inside the trunk. Sven
unfastened the straps that bound the trunk, then unlocked the latch on the
trunk.  Linda's head popped up as he opened the trunks lid.  He removed the tape
that covered Linda's  lips and nose, then withdrew the tubes from her nasal
cavity.  He then took out his pocket knife, and extending a little cork screw he
carefully twisted it into the foam wad that occupied Linda's mouth.  With a
practiced precision acquired from having performed the operation many times
before he extracted the foam wad from Linda's mouth with one swift motion.  He
unlocked her handcuffs, untied the bonds that held her knees and  ankles then
allowed her to work herself free of the trunk. 

    Linda, at first unable to move, just sat stiffly in the trunk.  She had not
had the most comfortable of journeys.  From the time Sven had lowered the lid
forcing her head down into the truck Linda had tried to screamed her lungs out,
but no sound ever escaped the trunk.  Finally, exhausted, she resigned herself
to the situation and fell asleep.  The landing in San Diego and the turbulence
had stirred her from her slumber, each time she awoke she expected she would
find herself in her own bed and realize that this was all just a bad dream. 
Each time the reality of the situation brought on anger, then tears and then
with hope abandoned once more sleep.

    The landing on the island had once again awakened her, as she felt herself
being moved about she expected that release from the trunk would be imminent.
She waited and waited, she had lost any real concept of time.  How long had she
been in this infernal trunk, hours, days, weeks?!  Though she was pretty sure
her confinement had not exceeded days.

    Finally she could feel the trunk being jostled as Sven released the straps
and unlocked the latch on the trunk.  When Sven finally open the trunk she
popped up like Jack from his box.  She watched intently as Sven approached.  The
surgical tape came off rather easily, but as Sven pulled the tubes from her nose
she felt nausea over taking her.  Had her mouth not been stuffed to the hilt she
would have vomited all over herself.

    Sven watched her retching motions and waited for them to subside, forcing
Linda to swallow it back down.

    When Linda saw Sven reach into his pocket and pull out his knife her panic
stricken face brought a smile to Sven's face.  As he opened the corkscrew her
fear increased, she tried desperately to move her head out of its path.  Sven
steadied her head and slowly wormed the cork screw into the foam ball that
occupied Linda's mouth.  The extraction of the foam left Linda shaking, she
thought her teeth would come out with the wad of foam, when they didn't her head
fell to her chest, and she cried as she tried to regain feeling in her lower
jaw.

    Slowly the feelings returned to her limbs.  Her mouth felt as dry as the
Sahara, and she weakly asked for water.  Sven provided her with a bottle of
water then sat back down and waited for her to recover the use of her faculties. 
She sipped some of the water but still was unable to move.  When she felt able,
she made an effort to stand.  It was difficult after being cramped up in the
trunk for so long, but finally she drew herself up on wobbly legs.  Afraid to
move without falling over she stood in the trunk trying to gain the strength and
equilibrium to climb out.

    As she finally freed herself from the dreadful trunk she took in her new
surroundings.  Except for the fact that she could see no windows the room looked
like a small efficiency apartment.  There was a bed in one corner of the room,
and a table and chairs in another.  The lighting came from overhead panels.  The
rooms most prominent feature, however, was that everything was white, the walls,
the floors, the ceiling and all of the furniture was painted a stark white. 
Soon Linda also would be attired in white. 

    Sven allowed Linda time to recover from the ordeal she had just experienced,
and to absorb her surroundings.  As she recovered Sven provided her with food
and drink.

    When she had finished her meal Linda's anger and resentment returned. She
launched into a tirade about "how could he do this to her, Linda Hays, didn't he
know who she was?  Where are my clothes................?

    Sven authoritatively spoke her name "Linda."

    At the mention for her name Linda Immediately stopped speaking, and perked
up with the unwelcomed urge to obey her masters voice.  She was baffled, she
could not understand, but for some reason she could not resist this dominating
voice.

    Sven snapped his fingers twice then said "sleep".  Linda was in a stupor
once more.  Sven ordered her to stand, as she obey he took her by the hand and
lead her to the bed.  He ordered her onto the bed.  Linda laid motionless on the
bed.  He deepened her sleep, then told her that while she slept she would hear
only his voice.  The earphones would not be necessary since there were speakers
built into the headboard of the bed.

    Soon the sound of rainfall filled the room and Sven's voice echoed in
Linda's ears "you are now in the deepest possible sleep, you have no control,
you have no control.  You can not move, talk or even think without my
permission.  You hear only my voice and you must obey.  You have no will of your
own, you hear my voice and you must obey....you are now in the deepest possible
sleep, you have no control, you have no control.  You can not move, talk or even
think without my permission.  You hear only my voice and you must obey.  You
have no will of your own, you hear my voice and you must obey ................
the feeling of submission is growing stronger and stronger within you, you must
obey, you want to obey..... the feeling of submission is growing stronger and
stronger within you, you must obey, you want to obey....."

    The next morning Sven stood over Linda watching her sleep the tape still
repeating itself in her ears.  As he turned the tape off he spoke to her, "Linda
in a few minutes I will snap my fingers three times and you will awaken feeling
fully refreshed and relaxed. When you awake you will feel like yourself but at
all times you will listen to my voice and obey.  You do not have the power or
will to resist me.  If you understand you will answer yes master.  When you are
allowed to speak it will be to answer your master. Do you understand?"

    "Yes master."

    On the third snap of Sven's fingers Linda's eyes fluttered open.  "Good
morning, my little pet", Linda did not reply.

    Sven had Linda remove the only remnants of clothing left to her (the garter
belt  and stockings).  He led her to a bathroom, and allowed her to relieve
herself.   He then led her to a table in the corner of that room. As Linda sat
on the end of the table Sven instructed her to lie back.  He secured her legs to
the table and her wrists to  a ring at the top.  Linda was positioned so that
the back of her knees were pressed against the edge of the table, ankles
securely tied to the table's legs and her arms were stretched out and fastened
above her head.

    From a drawer in the table Sven removed a scissors, electric trimmer and a
straight edged razor.  Linda watched in an overhead mirror as Sven carefully
trimmed the longer red hairs that covered her mons.  He then used the electric
trimmers to remove most of her pubic hair.  Finally he lathered her up and
removed what remained of the soft red hair that had covered her cunt.  Linda
watched attentively as Sven maneuvered the straight edge around her delicate
mons.

    Now that her pussy was as bald as the day she was born, Sven instructed her
that it would now be her responsibility to perform this act each morning as a
part of her daily morning toilette.  Sven released her from the table and led
her to the shower.  She found her favorite shampoo and and soaps in the shower. 
Sven left her to bathe while he prepared breakfast.

    Sven took delight in toweling Linda off with scratchy rough turkish towel. 
He then led her back to her room and the awaiting breakfast.  Sven led her from
the breakfast table to the bed and had sat her on the edge.  He left her sitting
on the edge of the bed as he went to retrieve a box from the table.  He dropped
the box on the bed.  The first thing he removed from the box was a pair of white
silk stockings, and handed them to Linda and told her to put them on.  Next was
a white leather corset with real whale bone stays.

    Sven had Linda stand then fastened the eyelet hooks on the at the front of
the garment.  He moved behind her and began tightening the laces at the back. 
As the the stiff garment began to hug Linda's waist, its' half cups began to
lift her breasts upward and push them out.  The corset was pretty snug when Sven
stopped pulling on the laces.  Linda hoped that he was finished.  But, Sven told
her to take in a deep breath then let it out, as she let out her breath Sven
pulled as hard as he could on the laces.  Sven had her repeat this three more
times, each time Linda  was able to draw in less and less air.  Sven pulled
harder and harder until he had reduced her 22" waist to a mere 19".  He triple
knotted then waxed (sealed with hot wax) the knots twice to make sure they would
not be undone.

    Linda stood almost as rigidly as she had back in the hotel.  Sven removed a
heavy white leather posture collar from the box and padlocked it securely around
Linda's neck, forcing her to tilt her head slightly back. The only thing left in
the box was a pair of white patent leather strapped high heeled  pumps with six
inch heels.  He instructed her to sit back down, Linda found it difficult but
managed to find the edge of the bed.  The shoes were a snug fit, but once on he
fastened the straps around her ankles and locked them in place.  Then he
connected the elastic straps that hung from the bottom of the corset to the top
of the stockings.

    Now completely attired Linda was forced to stand once again.  Sven admired
his handiwork as Linda stood precariously upon her six inch heels. Linda made
quite a picture, standing rigidly erect and wobbling on heels three inches
higher than she had ever worn.  The white attire would make it seem she was
being absorbed into the room itself, just as her mind was being absorbed into a
blankness of being.

    Sven went over to wall behind the bed, he pushed a button on the remote he
held in his hand and a panel opened up in the wall.  The panel concealed a
cabinet that contained a vast assortment of bondage gear.  He removed four white
leather straps, a large white rubber ball gag with a white leather strap and a
soft white leather single sleeved glove.

    She was led over to a white cable that came down through the ceiling. Once
in position Sven quickly secured three of the white leather straps around
Linda's thighs, below her knees, and around her ankles.  Each strap was secured
with a white enameled padlock.  The ball gag was then locked in place.  Finally
her arms were gathered behind her and the single sleeve glove quickly enveloped
them.

    Sven pulled the sleeve tightly closed as he pulled the laces as tight as
they would go, forcing Linda's elbows to meet inside.  Two belts rose from the
top of the sleeve, they came up over her shoulders, crisscrossed between her
breasts then wrapped around her arms and back, then back around to the front
ending just below her breast where they were then fastened and locked in place. 
Linda's arms were now pressed firmly into her back.

    The fourth strap was threaded through the ring at the end of her sleeve,
passed between her thighs, then threaded through the ring set at the bottom of
her corset.  The end of the strap slid into the buckle and cinched as tightly as
Sven could make it below her crotch.

    Sven repeated the command "Linda", he snapped his fingers twice, "sleep". 
"Linda you are bound as tightly as I can make you.  You are supposed to feel
discomfort, and you will.  But, as you remain in this position something strange
will start to happen to you.  You will notice your nipples becoming erect and
you will begin to feel a dampness between your legs growing as the leather strap
continues to split your cunt lips. These conflicting feelings will grow as the
time passes.  Gradually your sexual excitement will suppress the pain until you
feel only excited."

    Sven pulled down on the cable hanging from the ceiling locked it onto
Linda's collar, gave a downward tug on the cable and it sprang up going taught
after it nearly lifted Linda off the floor.  "I will now snap my fingers three
times and you will be wide awake,"





    Linda  awoke from her nights sleep feeling refreshed, relaxed and confused
as hell.  Seeing Sven she prepared to let him have it with both barrels, but a
strange thing happened she wanted to yell but nothing came out, her mouth did
not even open.  Instead she heard Sven telling her to stand, and although the
thought came to her to say "fuck no", instead she felt herself rising from the
bed, then removing the garter belt and stockings as she was ordered.

    She followed as Sven led her to the bathroom, then to the table where she
watched fixedly as the soft red hair slowly disappeared from her crotch. The
shower and breakfast felt great and the little bit of privacy was terrific. 

    However, as Sven led her back to the bed her trepidation returned.
Reluctantly she pulled up the white silk stockings.  Helplessly she stood as the
corset was drawn tightly about her waist.  She was immediately repulsed at the
sight of the collar, and could not believe the shoes he expected her wear.  All
through this she felt powerless to resist any command Sven would give her, and
as Sven connected the elastics to the stockings she seemed to be feeling less
inclined to resist.

     With difficulty she again rose when Sven commanded, unsure of standing on
such tall spiked heels, only to suffer through the indignity of being bound
tightly in leather.  The thoughts of indignation going through her mind fought
with the insurmountable urge "to obey..... the feeling of submission is growing
stronger and stronger within you, you must obey, you want to obey....."

    Alas when Linda finally awoke at the sound of Sven's third snap, the reality
of her constraints brought her only horror as she yelled into the white ball gag
"aaaaarrrrrggggghhhhhh".

    Linda stood rigidly bound and in terrible pain, but as the minutes turned to
hours a strange thing began to happen.  First Linda noticed that her nipples
were becoming highly sensitive, and getting harder.  Then she felt something
dripping down her inner thigh, as the reality that it was her own love juice she
could only think "how could I possibly be getting excited?"  But, she was, and
sound escaping the white gag was now more like "OOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH."

    By the time Sven returned to release her, she was drooling and panting like
a dog in heat.  When she was set free of her bonds, Linda fell to her knees and
begged Sven to take her.  He was tempted, but he would not satisfy her request. 
He wanted to maintain her sexual frustration a while longer. Instead he ordered
her "Linda, stand" as she did  he clipped a leash to her collar and led her into
the bathroom so that she could shower before her evening meal, then it was back
to the bed.  Sven snapped his fingers twice forcefully said "sleep", deepened
her sleep then left her.  Once again as the sound of falling rain filled the
room accompanied by Sven's monotones echoing in Linda's ears  "you are now in
the deepest possible sleep, you have no control, you have no control.  You can
not move, talk or even think without my permission.  You hear only my voice and
you must obey.  You have no will of your own, you hear my voice and you must
obey....you are now in the deepest possible sleep, you have no control, you have
no control.  You can not move, talk or even think without my permission.  You
hear only my voice and you must obey.  You have no will of your own, you hear my
voice and you must obey ................ the feeling of submission is growing
stronger and stronger within you, you must obey, you want to obey..... the
feeling of submission is growing stronger and stronger within you, you must
obey, you want to obey....."

    Linda's regimen had now been set.  The bondage would change daily, but the
rest of the regimen would never vary.

    By years end Linda had been thoroughly brain washed,  she was now totally
dependent upon her master Sven.  Her struggle to maintain her own identity had
been swallowed up by Sven's commanding voice.

    Sven had been very busy as well during Linda's year of training.  Once Linda
had been set to her bondage task for the day Sven would fly to the big island to
maintain his psychiatric practice.  Upon his return he would release her, lead
her to the bathroom to bathe, feed her then return her to the bed to resume her
conditioning.

    Sven had also arranged for a buyer for his latest project.  His client,
being arab, had made some special requests prior to purchasing the merchandise.

    So one morning instead of being taken through her normal bondage cycle, Sven
led Linda into another room in the guesthouse.  Linda was led to an examination
table that occupied the center of the room.  Sven ordered her to lay down on the
table.  He then raised the stirrups and secured her to the table with her legs
spread wide.

    The snapping of his fingers and the order to sleep returned Linda to her to
a state usually reserved her night time routine.  After deepening her sleep he
told her that her body was becoming numb, and she would lose all feeling in her
body.  He prodded the sleeping Linda several times assuring himself that she
would feel no pain.  Linda was about to endure some serious body modifications
that would her change her forever.

     Abdul, the client, had specified that he wanted his merchandise prepared,
as were the other women he possessed, as the custom of his country dictated. 
Sven did not personally approve of these modifications, but the customer was
always in the right.

    So, having prepared Linda for her ordeal, Sven went about the surgery. First
he removed Linda's clitoris, then trimmed her pubic lips to half their size.  He
then proceeded to do the piercings that Abdul had requested. Starting with her
nipples, Sven first applied an ice cube to the left nipple to make it stand up.
He then carefully pieced the nipple and inserted a gold ring, he then repeated
the procedure on the right nipple.  He used intense heat to fuse the rings
closed, making them unbroken and permanent.

    When he had finished with the nipples he moved down her body to her navel,
he pierced this on the right side and inserted and fused another gold ring.  Now
it was down to Linda's mutilated vagina.  Sven pierced each vaginal lip four
times, inserting a gold ring in each piercing fusing them closed, as he had at
the nipples and navel.  A gold chain was then laced through the rings as you
would the eyelets of a shoe.  The chain was pulled tight then secured with a
small heart shaped padlock.  Linda's cunt was now closed to intrusion without
hindering bodily functions.

    With the surgery completed Sven allowed Linda to rest.

    A week later Sven and a fully recovered Linda were in Sven's private jet on
their way to Paris, this time Linda would not have to be confined to the trunk. 
Linda now wore a 24 karat gold chain around her neck in place of her collar.  A
charm in the form a small cage hung from the chain, inside the small golden cage
was Linda's severed clitoris.

    While in Paris Linda was outfitted in the best gowns Dior had to offer, and
the final preparations were made for the inevitable meeting with Abdul. When
that fateful evening arrived Linda looked like a vision in blue chiffon and
black lace.

    After dining the three  dinner companions proceeded to Sven's suite. Sven
brought out and opened the bottle of champagne.  The three toasted "The Future". 

    After allowing Linda to enjoy her glass of champagne Sven decided it was
time to end the charade.  He looked directly at her, spoke her name "Linda",
Linda immediately sat up in the chair.  He snapped his fingers twice, then said
"sleep".  Linda's eyes closed, but she remained sitting looking straight ahead.

    Sven snapped his fingers again "Linda heel".  Linda put down her glass and
walked over to Sven.  He snapped his fingers again  "Linda sit".  Linda dropped
to her knees, sat back on he heels, placed her hands behind her back and bowed
her head.  He lifted her head then touched her mouth "open".  She obediently
opened wide her mouth.

    Abdul approached and examined her teeth as he would a horse at auction. He
thought it would be a pity to have to remove such fine strong teeth, but that
would depend on how well she performed her falatial duties.  For now he was
satisfied with what he saw.

    Sven now approached Linda and deepened her sleep.  He then instructed her
"listen to the next voice you hear very closely.  You will obey this voice just
as you have obeyed mine this past year.  Do you understand?

    "Yes master".

    Sven told Linda that she would hear this new voice say her name, each time
the voice repeated her name it's control over her would become more and more
complete.

    Sven told Abdul to call her name authoritatively.

    Abdul said "Linda".

    Linda did not stir and Abdul looked disappointed.

    Sven instructed Abdul to repeat the command.

    Again Abdul bellowed "Linda".

    Linda slowly lifted her head and turned her head towards Abdul.

    Sven told Abdul to continue.  As Abdul continued to forcefully repeat
Linda's name over and over again Linda's attention was drawn more and more to
Abdul.  After about twenty five repetitions Linda was listening only for Abdul's
voice.  Sven instructed Abdul to snap his fingers, call her name then repeat the
commands he had given her.

    Abdul snapped his fingers "Linda".  Linda immediately snapped to attention. 
Abdul snapped is fingers "Linda heel".  Linda walked over and stood before
Abdul.

    As Linda stood before Abdul, Sven unzipped her gown from behind, he then
allowed it to fall to the floor.

    Abdul snapped his fingers "Linda sit".  Linda dropped to her knees, sat back
on her heels, placed her hands behind her back and bowed her head, as she had
done before.  He lifted her face touched her mouth and said "open". As Linda
knelt before him, Abdul unzipped his fly, pulled out his cock and placed it in
Linda's open mouth.  He snapped his fingers "Linda suck", Linda expertly began
sucking on Abdul's cock.  Linda now belonged to Abdul.

    Abdul spent the night inspecting his new property.  He was very  pleased to
see that the piercings and modifications were exactly as he had requested.  

    They would maintain the charade for one more night then Abdul would take
possession of her permanently.

    In the morning Sven made preparations to leave the hotel.  When all was
ready they checked out, Abdul was waiting for them in his limousine.  Sven was
dropped off at the airport.  Linda remained with Abdul.

EPILOG

    Sven flew back to the states stopping over in New York, he had a vacancy in
his guesthouse that he needed to fill.

    Linda's stepsister Susan and her husband where in shock when they heard the
news bulletin that the year long search for missing heiress Linda Hays was over. 
Apparently she had been in hiding with her fiancee, she was now Mrs. Abdul Ben
Akmad.  Susan and Tom had expected never to hear of her again, but now it seemed
the missing Linda and her fortune had been merged with one Abdul Ben Akmad, and
Susan and Tom were left high and dry, their plans gone astray.

    Abdul got exactly what he had paid for, the ultimate trophy wife.  While in
public Linda always appeared to be a sophisticated heiress from the west. But
out of sight of people and cameras Abdul had the western sex toy that he had
desired most.

    Linda never thought of anything, her life now was one of obedience to her
master Abdul.

    Sven was not the least concerned about Linda's stepsister's plans going
astray,  he was too busy preparing his new guest, Nicole, for her special
meeting with one Karl von Leiden.  Besides, he could visit Linda anytime he
chose to visit his trophy room.  A real life-size Linda doll stood among Sven's
other trophies in his favorite bondage pose of her, white leather straps, white
leather corset, white ball gag with white leather strap, white posture collar
and white leather single sleeve glove.
 
finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BZ


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





