BDSM Library - Training Larry




Training Larry
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: With the help of her gorgeous next door neighbor, a budding Domme trains her husband for a lifetime of servitude.
Training Larry

Larry and I have been married for almost five years, but our marriage has been
in trouble since the honeymoon.  Unfortunately, I waited until I was thirty-six
to get married, because it was important for me to marry the right man. My long
wait proved to be in vain.

I admit that I am a bit spoiled, and I prefer having things my own way. I must
also admit that when Larry first came into my life, he was very considerate of
me. He was very romantic, and he pampered me endlessly.

His sweet behavior quickly stopped after we got married, however. When he also
stopped helping out with the household chores, I began holding back on my sexual
favors. Before long, our love life deteriorated to an occasional quickie once,
and maybe sometimes, twice a month.

To be honest, I didn't miss having sex with Larry because it was never very good
to begin with. He focused on his own pleasure, and usually rolled over to fall
asleep soon after he came.

Unknown to him, I had become very close to Betty, my beautiful next door
neighbor. It just so happens that she's bi-sexual. She took me under her wings
and taught me the wonderful pleasures of feminine sex. Sex with her is so
wonderfully blissful!
 
After a few months of lovemaking with Betty, I cut Larry off altogether. Oh
sure, he grumbled and complained for a while, but eventually he quieted down.
Since there had been a time when we had sex more than once a day due to his
annoying persistence, his eventual indifference made me wonder how on earth he
managed without any pussy.

I accounted for all of Larry's time. I even called him at different times each
day at work. Every time I called, he was there. So if the wimp was having an
affair, I couldn't imagine how. He really had me stumped until a few months ago.

On my way to work one morning about six months ago, I realized that I had
forgotten a dress that I wanted to return during my lunch hour. So I returned
home to fetch it. Larry was in the bathroom with the both the shower and the
overhead fan running, so he didn't hear me come in. As usual, he left the door
slightly ajar to let some steam out of the room.

Was I ever shocked! There was my celibate hubby sitting on the toilet
jerking-off! I had never known him to beat off prior to that. In fact, he even
pretended to despise guys who did. I suddenly wondered if he might be jerking
off every morning after I had safely left the house.

I almost burst through the door to embarrass him, but I'm glad that something
held me back! As I stood there and quietly watched him, I not only felt amused,
but I also began to feel gratified that I had reduced him to masturbating for
release! Suddenly, a devious idea popped into my head.
 
If I could somehow capture his wanking on videotape, I could really have my way
with him! Not only would I have him helping out with the household chores again,
I could get him to do all the work! I felt confident that I could even turn him
into my little subbie boy.

I knew that Betty would be tickled pink with my idea. Thanks to her, I had
already been studying some female dominant material online. For the past couple
years, she had been egging me on to dominate Larry like she had been dominating
her own hubby.

Although I had never given it serious though before, at that moment, just
thinking about dominating Larry started to make my pussy wet. So instead of
"catching" him, I allowed him to continue wanking. My mind raced as I wondered
how to ensnare him.
  
I arranged to start work late the next morning, but I left the house at the
usual time. I drove a few blocks away, and had a cup of coffee at McDonald's.
Then I returned to the house again. Sure enough, I found Larry was sitting on
the crapper while running both the overhead fan and the hot water in the shower.

The bathroom was steamy, but through the small opening of the door, I could
still clearly see him beating his meat. And this time he was holding a pair of
my used panties up to his face. They were the panties I'd left in the laundry
hamper the night before.

Since I do my laundry on Sunday nights, my panty-sniffing husband had none to
play with on Monday morning. He's a clever little panty slut using only my dirty
panties! Had he been using my clean ones, I surely would have noticed!

I watched as Larry increased his tempo. When he finally started to cum, I
quickly but quietly left the house. I felt elated to catch him again, because I
felt more certain that he was jerking off on each work morning. If this were the
case, it would be fairly easy to hatch my devious little scheme.
 
As soon as I got to work, I called Betty and revealed my plan to her. She was
absolutely delighted, and insisted that I stop by her house before returning
home from work.

When I got there, Betty behaved like an excited, teen-aged girl. She had
arranged for her sub hubby to borrow some high tech surveillance equipment from
the police department he works for. Betty made him bring it home during his
lunch hour.

Of course, I agreed to let her watch whatever I was able to film. She also
suggested that if I got what I wanted on film, we should force Larry to give us
both a live performance of his masturbation skills. She certainly didn't have to
twist my arm!

I left hurriedly, since I wanted to get the camera into the house before Larry
got home. I didn't arrive a moment too soon, for I heard the garage door opening
just as I was hiding the camera!

I pretended to leave for work the next morning, but I had arranged to take the
day off. I went to a nice restaurant and treated myself to a big breakfast, then
returned home an hour later. By then, Larry had left for the day.

I first checked my dirty panties in the laundry hamper. I had folded them in
such a way that I would notice if they had been tampered with. I was glad to
discover that my jerk off hubby had played with them once again. Now I was
absolutely certain to catch him!

Setting up the camera took some doing, because I needed to place the camera lens
as low as possible. Otherwise the steam may have clouded up the lens. Thank God
the high tech stuff is so tiny! I placed the lens in the heater vent and ran the
wire all the way downstairs into the furnace room. I connected it to the camera,
and hid it where Larry would never find it. What a job! It took me almost four
hours to get it done!

The next morning I turned the camera on just before I left the house. Work
couldn't go by fast enough, since I was dying to get back home. I even left work
a half hour early.

When I arrived home, my phone was already ringing. It was Betty, of course. Two
minutes later, she was letting herself into my house as I was rewinding the
videotape.

Sure enough, just as Larry had done all week long, he wanked off again. We
watched him play with his six inch cock just like a pre-teen boy. This time, he
had two of my soiled panties. He held one held to his face, and wore the other
around his ankles!

What a thrilling feeling it was to watch Larry's stellar performance in my
blackmail video!  My pussy got soaking wet thinking about all the things he
would be doing for me in the near future! And Betty squealed in delight!

We watched Larry cum so hard that his first jet of jism hit the bottom of his
chin! He used his fingers to wipe his cum off of his chin, then licked his
fingers clean! Betty and I both giggled like teenagers, knowing that we had
captured far more than we had hoped for!  Betty reluctantly left just minutes
before Larry arrived. But she invited me over later that night to further
discuss ensnaring my unsuspecting husband.
 
When Larry arrived home the next evening, I told him that I had a surprise for
him. Looking cautiously intrigued, he sat down with me to watch the videotape.
My pussy tingled with excitement as I watched the horror on his face! He was
speechless as he watched himself jerk off on our projection screen TV.
 
Larry's shock soon turned into anger. He yanked the remote out of my hand and
shut the TV off. I couldn't help but to giggle. This incensed him even more. He
jumped off the couch, ran to the VCR, and ejected the tape. I watched as he
angrily destroyed the tape.

I calmly told him that ruining the tape wasn't going to help him at all. Like it
or not, I now knew that he was a big time jag off artist. He looked at me with
fire in his eyes, threw the tattered tape across the room, and approached me
menacingly.

Although scared, I held my ground and shouted that if he even touched me, I
would distribute the tape to everyone he knows. It took a moment for Larry to
realize just how serious I was, but he finally got a grip on his anger and asked
me why I was doing this to him.

I explained that I was sick of doing the domestic chores, and from this day
forth, he would be taking over for me. It thrilled me to no end to spell out in
detail, each and every chore that he would now be doing.

I asked Larry if he understood. I expected resistance, and was surprise when he
just drooped his head and acknowledged that he did! I immediately realized that
I had him over a barrel, and decided to push him even further.

I told him that in addition to all of his new chores, he would now have to obey
any and all future instructions that I gave him. He would also have to address
me as Goddess in all private settings. My drenched pussy tingled maddeningly
when he drooped his head even more and said, "Yes, Goddess!"
 
Now on a roll, I explained that since Betty had helped, I had promised to
include her in his humiliation and training. I can't even remotely describe how
thrilling it was to see Larry's face flush so deeply! I handed him the phone and
instructed him to invite Betty over. I watched as he grudgingly made the call.

Two minutes later, Betty joined us. I quickly brought Betty up to date, and
explained that Larry was about to jerk off for our entertainment. Larry pleaded
with me in vain. I instructed him to strip naked and kneel before me. When he
hesitated, I threatened to distribute the tapes. Larry still balked, so I said,
"Fine, jag off."

I looked at Betty and said, "Come on, let's go."

We started to leave, but Larry suddenly broke down and pleaded for me to stay. I
told him that if he ever tested me like that again, I wouldn't give him another
chance. I'd distribute the tapes for sure.

Larry quickly stripped down and knelt before me. I told him that since he had
given me a hard time, he would now also have to eat his cum as well. I
instructed him to catch all of his cum in the palm of his hand, but not to
ejaculate until I gave him permission to! If he spilled any cum, he would have
to do it all over again.

To my surprise, Larry's cock rose to the occasion before he even touched it!
Betty noticed it before I did, and gleefully mentioned that he is a born sub. We
both giggled, and Larry's face then turned an even deeper shade of red. 

I told Larry to begin, and reminded him not to cum without my permission. He
must have been quite worked up. In less than two minutes, his face was all
contorted as he attempted to hold back his orgasm! Unable to hold back, he
stopped stroking himself.

I screamed that I had not given him permission to stop, so Larry resumed beating
his meat. Less than a minute later, he lost control. His whole body shook
violently as he came hard into the palm of his hand. I could see his intent
concentration on catching every drop of cum. After several more thrusts, he
finally slumped onto the floor, completely spent.

Although I chastised Larry for cumming without my permission, I was secretly
glad that he did. It gave me still another reason to punish him. I told him that
as punishment, he would have to cook dinner for Betty and me. Furthermore, he
would do this while wearing nothing but an apron. I also explained that eating
his cum would be his only dinner tonight. When he looked up at me and gave me a
stupid look, I told Larry to go ahead and eat it. He obediently lapped up every
drop without hesitation.

Betty commented that he clearly enjoyed his subjugation and that her suspicions
about him had been right all along. Little did he know that we had videotaped
the entire event!

We enjoyed watching Larry serve us dinner in his apron so much that we decided
to have him buy a full French Maid's outfit the very next day.
 
Since it was Friday, Betty stayed overnight. For the first time, Larry realized
the true nature of my relationship with Betty. We put Larry in the guest bedroom
adjacent to ours, and left both doors open so he could hear our lovemaking long
into the night.

The following morning, I had Larry prepare breakfast for us. I allowed him to
eat with us. After he cleaned up everything, I reminded that he had to go out
and buy the costume today. I also told him to be home by 5pm with a perfect
fitting costume, or he would be severely punished.

After Larry left, Betty and I giggled like schoolgirls as we talked about how
humiliating Larry's shopping experience would be. The only way he would be able
to insure a perfect fit would be to try it on! We originally intended to go
along with him, but decided it would be more fun to stay home and make love all
day instead, especially now since I didn't have to hide it from Larry anymore.

The only interruption to our lovemaking was when Betty took 5 minutes to take
home the videotape that we had made of Larry the night before. We would make a
few copies later.

Larry arrived home at 4:45. I immediately told him to put the costume on.
Afterwards, Betty and I spent the next hour applying make-up on him. She finally
had to go home, so I spent the rest of the evening walking Larry through all of
the weekly domestic chores. He was now putty in my hands.

The next day I laid down even more rules. Since Larry had looked ridiculous
wearing the maid outfit while having such hairy legs, I made him remove all of
his pubic and body hair. It took him almost two hours. When he finally emerged
from the bathroom, I closely inspected his body. I gave him my approval and
instructed him to keep his body smooth and hairless from now on. Afterwards, I
told him to go out and find a CB2000 chastity device, and not to come home
without it.

I called Betty and invited her over. We quickly made a video copy of Larry's
latest subjugation, and then spent more time in the bedroom together. I can't
exactly explain why, and I didn't think it was possible; but since we had gotten
Larry under our control, the lovemaking between Betty and I seemed even more
delicious!

We were still in the bedroom when Larry returned home. He walked in on us, and
just stood there with a strange faraway look on his face. I told him to get out,
take a shower, and report back to us naked with his new chastity device in hand.

Betty and I were still sweaty and naked when Larry returned. This time, he
meekly knocked on the door. I told him to come in. We sat up on the edge of the
bed as he sheepishly walked towards us. Due to Larry's arousal, it took a few
minutes for us to get the chastity device in place.  Betty had to finally
squeeze his balls to get his cock to subside enough.
 
Larry has worn the device ever since. I only free his cock for very special
occasions. I can't even describe how thrilling it is to have his cock under such
iron-clad control! In addition to all of his domestic chores, he has become my
masseuse and groom servant, and also an unadulterated sex toy for both Betty and
me. He does all this without being able to cum! Also, every time we introduce
something new to Larry, we videotape the session.
  
About three times a month, Larry deep throats my big strap-on dildo for about a
half hour before I ream his ass good with it. After his asshole is stretched
gaping wide, I remove the dildo, work my finger up his ass, and milk him by
massaging his prostate. I just love forcing him to cum with his semi-hard cock
locked up in his CB2000. He gets so little pleasure out of it that way! This is
one of the best tricks that Betty has ever taught me!

About once a month, I remove the device and allow Larry to masturbate for our
amusement. Naturally, we make him eat his cum regardless of the ejaculation
method we allow.
 
About two months ago, Betty suggested that since Larry had become such a good
cum slut, that maybe we should expand upon the idea. When I asked her how, she
explained that Larry's cum isn't the only cum that he could be eating. Her idea
appealed to me so much, that I wondered why I hadn't thought of it myself!

My pussy literally got drenched when I visualized Larry sucking cock! Best of
all, with all of the videotapes we had made of Larry in action, we had him over
a barrel. He had little choice but to comply! When I asked Betty who would help,
she told me that she knew this bi-sexual guy, Ron. She explained that he loves
to be sucked off by straight guys, especially "virgins" like Larry. Betty got
right on the phone and called him. To our delight, Ron agreed to come over the
very next night!
 
Larry was wearing his French Maid's outfit, make up, and wig when the doorbell
rang. As usual, we had the camera rolling. He was very embarrassed when we made
him answer the door dressed that way. When he saw Ron, I thought he would die
from humiliation! I could feel the wet spot on my panties quickly grow larger!

We had Larry remove his panties. Then I removed his CB2000. It was the first
time his cock had been freed in almost three weeks. I then ordered him kneel on
the floor. Ron promptly walked towards Larry, and stopped about two feet away
from him. Then Ron very slowly removed his trousers and jockey shorts,
displaying a beautiful piece of meat! His cock was almost three inches longer
than Larry's, and noticeably thicker too!

It took longer for Larry to protest than I anticipated. He had to know what we
had in store for him the moment Ron started removing his pants. Larry finally
did protest, but his feeble effort was in vain. All we had to do is remind him
of the videotapes, and he quickly shut his mouth.

You should have seen Larry blush when Ron's cock stiffened rock hard. I promised
Larry that if he even hesitated for a moment, we would be distributing copies of
videotape. Ron told Larry to begin by kissing his cock, explaining that Larry
would have to continue kissing it until it pleased Ron enough to allow Larry to
lick his cock and balls.

Larry looked over at Betty, but she only scowled at him to do it. The he looked
my way, but got no support from me whatsoever. He was doomed to his fate, and he
knew it. I felt blissfully delighted to watch Larry gingerly hold Ron's huge man
meat his hands and begin softly planting kisses on the head of his prick.

About a minute later, Ron instructed Larry to kiss the entire length of his
prick, both on top and along the underside. Before long, Ron instructed Larry to
start licking. Ron made Larry lick for a long time before taking it to the next
level. Finally, Ron instructed Larry to take his cock into his mouth, and start
sucking him off. He also explained exactly how he wanted it done.

Larry realized that the sooner he made Ron cum, the quicker his humiliating
ordeal would be over, so he carefully followed Ron's instructions. We all knew
that Ron was close to cumming, because the tone of his voice had changed when he
instructed Larry to swallow every drop of cum. Betty and I were both quick to
add that if he didn't swallow every drop, he would have to do it all over again!

Sure enough, Ron exploded into Larry's mouth less than a minute later. His hot,
opaque jism shot out so heavy and quick, that Larry couldn't handle it all. Some
of it ran down both sides of his lips and nearly dripped off the bottom of his
chin.

Betty and I both giggled with glee when Larry obediently wiped Ron's cum off his
face with his fingers, and then lick them clean. The three of us had a good
laugh after Betty lifted up Larry's frilly skirt and exposed a raging hard on
that had been hiding underneath all along! We then knew for sure that Larry had
enjoyed his utterly humiliating subjugation.

Since that night, Ron has been visiting us on a regular basis. We have also been
including Frank into one of these sessions each month. Betty and I have stopped
milking our husbands. We've also scheduled both of our husband's monthly cum
privileges to occur on the same day. Here's what we do on these special monthly
sessions:

Ron brings along two, well-hung buddies of his. While Betty and I are getting a
good, sound fucking from Ron's buddies, Ron works on our husbands.  First, he
fucks Larry in the ass while Larry sucks a month's worth of cum through Frank's
cock. Then Ron fucks Frank in the ass while Frank sucks a month's worth of cum
through Larry's cock. Each month, we switch which husband gets fucked first. 

Frank and Larry are soooo horny and frustrated prior to these monthly sessions!
They actually look forward to emptying their balls, regardless of the
circumstances. They don't even care what we make them do anymore, as long as
they get their relief. Of course, being forced to listen to their wives being
fucked hard in the background by real men during these sessions adds a
tremendous amount of extra humiliation for them both!

Life as a Domme is so sweet, and sex with Betty has never been better! Lately,
Betty has been trying to convince me to turn our wimp hubbys into true shemales,
and finding two new subs to break in. I'm not too sure about that yet. What do
you think?

Mistress Domme




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mistress Domme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





