BDSM Library - All In The Name Of Love




All In The Name Of Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A return to the world of Children Of the Night, only close to two hundred years in the future.  The last of the original "pets" are dying, and Nicholas, who was once Jessy's mortal son, is now, with the lifting of the cursed ban of making more children of the blood, is given the gift. Kris, who is near 190, in a mad dash to escape the painful memories of those she had loved and lost, begged her father to let them return to the states.  Back to the first house that she had built for them, that has no bad memories. But they return to a world that is not anything like it was when they left.  The government in an attempt to control the major strain of unemployment has taken to making laws that if you are over 18 and remain unemployed for more than a year, you are collected and sent to labor camps.  Slavery is now the way of life for those unfortunate enough not to have a job, and now that they're more and more slaves, it is harder and harder to find a job.
ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



Prologue



	Jessy swore, weeping as he crushed yet another of those that had been so
much a part of his life to him.  The pain had been almost too much for him to
bear when he had finally let Pet and then his Girl go all in the matter of
weeks, but after that, one right after the other, fell.  When Precious finally
began to falter, Angel, just couldn't go on without him, and chose to follow him
into death, instead of holding on to the few months he had left.  It had taken
everything he had, to keep Kris from walking out into the sun as Butch was given
peace.  They all had come to mean so much to them, and they all had one by one,
left them.

	Oh, they had taken other pets, even as the years had became decades, then
the decades stretched out, with the two of them, and the occasional visiting
family, he had been ever ready to keep many on hand.  And he did love them all
each in his own way.  But none of the loves he had now could ever touch the love
he had felt for his first six, or the mother of his son.  And then the ones that
came to be here because and for Kris.

	"Master," Ryan's soft, pain filled voice from where he had crushed the
mortal to him. 

	"I know Puck, I know.  Just a moment more love.  Give me just a few minutes
more with you before I let you go."  He stroked the man's cheek.  He had been
with them, his bright laughter and spark for near two hundred years.  But like
all those that were kept in the care of his kind, His blood was no longer able
to alter the fact that his bright, talented, and loving pet was mortal, and as
everything mortal must, he was dying.  "Here, love, it will ease the pain, for a
time."  He ripped at his wrist, offering the comfort that he had always offered
those in his house.  "Of those that were here first with you, only you Darlin
and my son still remain.  Forgive me, precious if I need to hold you for now."



	Kris had to fight to keep from intruding on the time Jessy had left with
Ryan.  She had already shared all her love with him, now it was time for her
father to see to his care.  She had been stupid enough to think after Mitch had
died, that she wouldn't hurt like this again.  But as Kris watched Jessy try to
sooth Ryan, she realized how wrong she had been. 

	There was so much of who and what Ryan was around her.  He had never stopped
in his quest to improve his skills with his artwork, gleefully offering to share
with Ramaine's home as well.  Because, he had been almost as charmed by Ryan and
his talent as Jessy and her.  The thought that all this would come to a stop,
that never again would he bring a piece that he was so proud of to show it off
to them, it hurt her in ways that nothing, since the night she had, had, to say
good by to Mitch.  Not even her pain at Danny's loss touched it.  "Damn them." 
She sobbed against Nick.  "Why couldn't they just hurry up and lift the stupid
ban, do we have to lose you all before they finally get around to wising up?"

	Nick couldn't think of anything to say to her.  He had grown up in this
house, had known everyone of them.  Had them all to thank for who and what he
was now, and he had watched, as his father had to finally let them go, one by
one.  He wasn't sure how much longer he had, and he knew his mother was next. 
But after Jake, who had been almost as much his father back when he was growing
up, as Jessy had been, he didn't think she would mind just letting life go.  The
only reason she hadn't done like Bobby or Sam back when Alex and Tracy died and
went with them, was because of him.  He hadn't been her baby in over a hundred
and fifty years, but once a mother, always a mother he supposed.



	"Master," Ryan rested against him.  "Promise me something."

	Jessy bit back a sob as he struggled to smile down at the dying pet in his
arms.  "Ssshh, no master tonight, love, just call me Jessy."  He wiped the tears
from Ryan's face.  "Name it, baby, I don't' care what it is, if it can be done,
I will do it."

	"I knew, when Brenda, and Mike died, that I didn't have a lot of time left,
so I went out of my way to finish everything that I was working on.  Please, my
art, it's all for you and Kris.  I might die, but as long as you both live and
keep it for me, I still live even if it is only through my art.  Promise me you
won't let anyone ever throw my work away." 

	He looked down at the ring, that he still wore the one that Butch had given
him for the first Yule that he had had him here.  The engraving had faded and
had to be remade twice, but the knowledge of, who, was the one that had first
created the design for it, was still new in his heart and mind.  "Your love and
soul has always been in those works, from the first one, down?  How many of my
race, now have something of your crafting around them?  Even if it is only the
mark they chose to grace their many pets with?"  He touched the tattoo on Ryan's
chest.  "You have grown so in your skills, that it is hard to remember when
there was still times that you were not able to create anything with paper or
canvas and ink that you wished.  Trust me, Puck, my love.  Nothing and no one
are, ever, going to take from us your remaining gifts.  Even if it will be weeks
before Kris or I will be able to look at them, we will keep them, and always
remember the love that went into your work."

	"Thank you."  He had been so worried.  He had spent all the time with his
master and mistress, and they had always encouraged him to strive to aim even
higher in his drive to create beautiful things.  And now, he knew, even if he
was going to die that they would live on.  "I'm okay now Jessy, I think it's
time you fixed it so I won't have to hurt anymore."

	Jessy, smiled at him, tears of blood ran down his cheeks.  "I will soon
enough love, but not yet.  Just one more time, I want to hold you and feel you
under me, just one last time."  He blindly reached for the knife that was always
just a, hands, reach from him now.  "One last time, Puck.  No games, no
submission, just let me love you, one last time."  He wouldn't think of what he
would have to do after he shared love with one of the last of the original
fourteen.  He knew he would, it was his promise to them all.  When the blood no
longer protected them from the pain, he would give them peace, but now, like
this.  With this one, he wouldn't think about anything but loving him.




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 1



	Jessy looked up, at all the others in the room, at the pain and compassion
that was so heavy in the room.  "He's gone."  He had finally, as Ryan lay under
him, sobbing in pleasure, instead of pain, had eased the boy's life from him. 
There had been no fear, no feeling of regret from him.  He had lived his life
with them, had finally grown and became the wonderful soul that he had become
all under Jessy and Kris's care and with their continued support.

	Kris watched as Ryan's body began to within before her, as life that had
been housed in him for so long finished heaving him.  "How many more times? 
When does it stop hurting like it hurts?"

	"I don't think it ever will love.  As long as you are willing to love a
mortal, you have to go into it knowing that eventually, you are going to lose
them."

	She rose to take a black cloth and cover the painting that Ryan had done for
her, so very long ago.  Nothing, no matter how good his work became, ever
touched what this one piece meant to her.  It was his first piece that he had
made for her, on her first birthday almost two hundred years ago.  She would
never take it down, but she just couldn't look at it right then.  "Some one
needs to call Ramaine, he wanted to know when Ryan died, so he could take and do
this with all the things our boy made that decorate his home too."  She just
kept going on, not really feeling anything, she was too afraid to feel. 
Feelings hurt her right now.  The knowledge that it didn't matter how many they
loved, or how much they tried to help those that they cared for, eventually, in
the end, they would have to kill them or watch them die in agony.   It wasn't
easy for her to accept.

	Jessy looked from the body that was still lying under him, to Kris.  "Nick,
why don't you and Kelly see what you can do to get Puck ready for what I have to
do next.  Kris needs me right now."

	Nick looked at the man who moved close to help.  "Yes, Master."

	Jessy closed his eyes.  "Please, Nick, for now, forget that I am anything
but your father.  Kris is going to need us both for now.  She needs family.  You
knew Puck, loved him.  But, he was like Butch to her.  This has got to be
killing her.  So for now, and for however long it takes, just call me Father."

	Nick, smiled weakly.  "Okay, Father.  If it will help her in anyway, I am
all for it."



	*Childe? *  Jessy's arms wrapped around Kris as she stood there, looking so
lost and hurt.

	"He's really gone.  All we have left from that first year is Darlin and
Nick."  She leaned against him and wept. 

	"I know.  But try to find comfort in the knowledge that we gave them all
more love and care than they could have ever dreamed of from anyone else. 
Puck's last thoughts were of love and he was happy when I finally sent him to
his rest.  He was so very happy.  He had been with us almost a hundred and
eighty-eight years, and he was happy."

	"I know, that is the only thing that keeps me from losing my mind in all of
this.  They really were happy with us.  Even Boy, after his rocky time, was
happy belonging with us."  She looked up at Fran, who stood there, trapped
between Ariel and Steven, weeping.  "She isn't gong to last much longer, Father. 
I think the only thing that kept her from begging to be allowed to die with
Jake, was Nick, and well, I don't think even her love for him, is going to be
enough to keep her with us much longer.  She, if it isn't you or me, sleeps
alone now.  No matter how many have tried to give her another to hide in for
what is left of her time here.  She loved Jake, loved him almost like I love
you."

	"Well, at least, for now, after Darlin, we have a little time before one of
us must help free another."  Jessy didn't want to think about what losing the
mother of the son he so loved would mean to him.  "But you are right.  When the
time comes for her, I will have to let her go.  Not even if the ban was lifted
tomorrow would I offer her this life.  She lives only for Nick now, has refused
to ask for release, for her son.  But when it s time, I will promise her I will
still care for our child and send her on."

		*	*	*

	It hadn't been until this one, the fourth of the houses that Kris had had
made for them, to move into that the need for a crematorium had first been
thought of.  But as Jessy and Kris watched on as Ryan's body was given to the
flames, he was glad that he had finally touched upon this painful of subjects
with her.  Now, all they had left of those that once were so much a part of
their life was urns of ash and the collars that he had finally gave them all out
of love.  But he kept them all, a room had been dedicated to all that had come
and gave their lives and loves to he and Kris.

	Kris played with the band on her hand.  Every thing else that she and Mitch
had shared was gone, but she still wore the wedding band that he had given her. 
She would never lose it.  Like with Ryan's art, as long as she had it, she still
had something of him left to her.  She smiled thinking of that little statuette
of the vampire that he had given her for her first birthday.  She still had it,
but like his ashes and collar, it was put aside, as a silent, but sweet memory
of all that he had meant to her.  "It's time.  We've been living here for almost
forty years, I don't want to live here anymore."  She rested against him.  "Can
we please move back to Macon?  There's a whole lot of good memories there, and
none of the bad ones."	

	Jessy lifted her face to meet his.  "If leaving here, will help you, in any
way to walk away from this whole.  Then we move."  He captured her lips with
his, as he pulled her even tighter against him.  *Say good-bye to Puck, Childe. 
Share his love and life in my blood. *



	Fran moved to meet Jessy and Kris as they came away from having to see that
Puck's final remains were left in the room in all the company of those that they
loved.  "How long, Master?"  She was so tired.  But she wouldn't ask to leave,
not until her body demanded it.

	Jessy pulled her close, trapping her between he and Kris.  Of all of them,
other than his son, she was all he had left of those that started this life with
him when Kris first came to share it.  "How long what?"

	"Do I have with you?"

	Kris bit back a sob as Jessy swallowed the lump in his throat.  "I don't
know Darlin.  A few days, a week, I just don't know.  Puck had been with us
almost a year longer than you.  But, he wanted to live, I don't feel that drive
in you, so I just don't know."

	She felt strength from him as he held her.  She had always felt this
strength, and had learned to depend on it.  The last fifteen years, since Jake
had finally died, it was the only thing that had kept her sane.  "Can I ask
something from you?"

	"Anything, but to let you go now.  I just lost Puck, please, sweet love,
anything, but don't ask to leave me tonight."

	She shook her head.  "No, I can wait for that.  Jake is gone. I have come to
accept that he is gone.  But, would you, and mistress, please, for the time I do
have left, let me stay with you at light?"  She was so tired of sleeping alone,
but none of the others that had come had ever moved her like Jake and her son
did, other than Jessy and Kris.  "I understand that the others, they need so
much of your time, but I don't think I am going to have that much time left to
me, so can I sleep the day with you and my mistress?"

	"Darlin, how long have you known me?  You were so young when you first came
here.  Have spent so long in my care.  Have I ever turned you away?"  He looked
up at Kris.  "Tend to the pets tonight, while I see what I can do for her."  He
pulled her head to his to kiss her.  "Just as soon as you get them all situated,
join us.  I have to make sure that before this one goes to her final rest that I
prove to her that she is and always was loved."  *You have been by Puck's side
for the last week, and now it is time to let go.  You have other mortal's here
that need you as much as they need me. *  It still was so very hard to just let
go.  But he knew that if he didn't get her to the point that she could face
loss, to be willing to grieve.  But still go forward, that there was going to be
serious problems in his house.  His mother had helped him, more than Kris had
when Pet had died, giving him her wisdom and strength to take and pick up the
pieces of his broken heart and go on.

	Kris sighed.    *I can still feel him, Jess, I can still feel him.  Do I
have to let that go, already? *

	*You never forget what it feels like to hold them, no matter how many
different ones you hold.  I can still feel what each and every one of those I
have lost felt like in my arms.  But yes, you have to go on.  Darlin needs me,
and I can't deny her.  I don't know how much longer she will be with me.  You
and I will share eternity my love, but the mother of my son.  I can't bear to
refuse her. *

	Kris nodded as she stepped back watching as Jessy led Fran from the room. 
'Okay', she pulled herself up and together, to deal with the seven that stood
around watching her.  "It's over."  She opened her arms to them as they moved,
almost as one to pull as close as they could to her.

	"Is that going to happen to me?"  Tina, one of the three newest of the seven
whispered.  "I thought, you said."  She had just watched her master kill another
of them, if he would kill one that had been here as long as Puck had been here,
what hope did she have?

	"Not for a very long tine, Tina.  We didn't know, back when Jessy first
started to keep pets with him, how long the blood we have will give you, but now
we do.  So barring accident, or acts of God, you have some where between a
hundred and seventy and a hundred and eighty plus years with us."

	"Don't worry about it Tina, I've been here since right before Randy died. 
Have been here through them all, and there wasn't a one of them, that wasn't old
as dirt and happy when it was time to go.  I also saw a couple of them,
suffering before our master could help them.  You will get more time than you
ever dreamed of, and when it gets ugly, you will be happy to die."

	Kris smiled at the girl, when she had first came here; they had changed her
name from Greta to Ariel.  Mostly because, Jessy, had been fresh out of sweet
pet names at the time.  And after they had taken Barbara and gave her then name
Melody, just before Precious, Angel, and then Baby and Bright Eyes died.  They
stopped the practice.  Too many cherished words were so painful now.

	"Is he, you know, our master, going to be joining us tonight?"  A tall,
slender, but well shaped black man took her hand.

	"No, Kelly, he's with Darlin for the night.  She has been spending way too
much time alone.  I know you, don't make it a habit of chasing any woman but
maybe me and, that, is only after you've been fed from.  But the rest of you,
Jake died over fifteen years ago.  How long do you all think she should have to
mourn alone?"

	Kelly pulled back.  "Just because I'm as queer as a football bat, does not
mean I can't see what the woman had been going through.  Believe me Mistress,
I've tried, we all have tried, but what do you want us to do?  Tie her down and
gang up on her?  That might be my wildest fantasy, but I don't think she would
deal well at all."

	"I think I might be getting through to her."  Steven smiled.  "She isn't so
ready to jump away from me anytime I try to hold her like she used to be.  Give
me time, sooner or later, I am going to get through to her."

	Kris shook her head at him.  "It's too late for that Stevie, she is going to
be with Jessy and me until it's time.  She knows how little of it she has left." 
She led them all to the bed that rested ready for them.  "It's had, I know. 
But, when it's her time, we are really going to have to let her go, and be happy
for her."

	Nick stood close, watching as Kris began to settle all those in his father's
house.  "Kris, you have a clue where he took her?"

	Kris looked up at him.  "She needs him right now, Nick.  I know that you all
need him, but she more than anyone, even you.  But if you are going to help him
with her, be willing to remind her how much she is loved.  Try looking in our
bedroom Nick, and if they aren't there, take a glance in the play room."

	"Do you think she is going to want to deal with me right now?  We used to be
real close, a whole lot closer than, most, mother and son's are.  But when Jake
died, so did that part of our connection."

	"Go on love.  I am sure that she will want to have you with her a lot in the
time she has left."  She looked around her, to all the ones that had come and
belonged, to, them.  How long would it be before this pain started all over
again?  Ariel was the oldest of them, and she had been with them for almost
twenty-five years.  Could it really be that long?  Would she and Jessy have that
much time to recover from all that they had lost in the last twenty?

	'No', she thought with pain.  'We still have Nick.  For how long, fifteen
maybe twenty years.'  All she could do was close her eyes as Kelly's blood
filled her mouth.  Giving into the wonderful forgetfulness of her blood lust.

		*	*	*

	Jessy held Fran close, his hands moving over the skin that he had caressed
so many times.  She had been his first.  The first one to, give up, and let him
ease her past her fears, without the threat of being stripped of all thought. 
She was the mother of the mortal in his house that still called him 'father'. 
For her he had risked so much as he led her into this, knowing she could resist
almost at any time.  Had drank willingly, given herself and her child into his
keeping.  *I love you. *  He kissed her brow as he felt her press even farther
against him.

	"I know.  I've always known, even when I was so confused, I knew, deep down,
that you loved me.  Even if it is only because of Nick."

	"Darlin, please baby, be fair.  Before Nick's sixteenth birthday, I couldn't
give you what you wanted from me.  But after that night, when have I ever failed
to remind you of who I was?"

	"Will you do something else for me?"

	Jessy moaned, kissing her hard.  "Damnit girl, you've been with me long
enough to know that I would never say no."

	"I want to die here.  I don't think I can go back to where it all started
for me.  I know that with Puck's death that my mistress isn't going to be able
to live here much longer.  This is where you both have lost so much.  But, I
couldn't go with Jake when he died, I still had things that I needed to do.  But
I don't want to leave here and die somewhere else."  She looked up at him.  "I
couldn't go when Jake did, but would you please do like you did with Precious
and Angel, and Baby and Bright Eyes, and let me share an urn with him.  Maybe I
am weird, but that way I feel like we are more connected forever."

	He so wanted to tell her yes, but to do that, he would have to end her life
tonight, and he couldn't do that.  It was taking every ounce of his control that
he had now to keep himself, his Childe, and so many others together.  *Kris? *

	He had to wait for her to gather enough of her wits to respond.  He had done
right in turning the care of his house over to her for the night.  They would
see to it that for this first sharp stab of grief that she had something else to
concentrate on.

	*Yeah? *

	*I have a request from you, I know how you feel, your pain.  I also know
that this is a house that has seen too much death for you to be comfortable in
it.  But, Darlin has asked if she could live out what time she has left here, so
that her ashes can join my Boy's.  I would say yes, she has more than earned
that little comfort from me, but I also know you want to leave so badly.  Do you
think you can bear up here until such time as she dies, or do I have to send her
to her rest tonight? *

	*How much longer do you think she has, Father, not what you tell them, to
keep them from worrying, but really? *

	Jessy inhaled Fran's scent, detecting the beginning touches of the end. 
*Two, maybe three days.  Surely by the time we rise on the third, she is going
to want to go.  *

	*Okay, I can give her that.  But just as soon as we mix her ashes with
Jake's we start to get things together.  I don't want to be living here this
time next week. *

	*Promise. *



	Jessy looked down at Fran as she looked up into his eyes, a desperate plea
in them.  "Okay, I can do that.  For the little time I have left with you.  This
is your home, and I will never force you to go on into another."

	She lifted her chin, offering her throat to him as he bent to drink.  "Thank
you."



	Nick stood at the door, watching his father as he fed off his mother. 
"There room for one more in here?  Kris seems to be pretty busy, and I don't
think any of the rest would fully understand what is going on."

	"Of course, come on love.  Just taking care of Darlin here.  She is going to
be with me for the next few days, solid.  So you and Kris will either have to
learn to join in or stick to yourselves and the others here."

	Nick moved across the room.  "Mother?  What happened?  You and I we used to
be so close, but after Jake died, what happened?  Did you suddenly stop loving
me?"

	Fran shook her head, opening her arms to welcome him into the closeness. 
"No, but, after Jake, I couldn't.  I wasn't like Mitch after Danny and Brenda
died.  For so long, Jake was the only man other than Jessy and you that touched
me.  I can't pull away from my master.  He is all I have left of what I used to
have, but the rest.  I'm sorry Nicky, I didn't mean to make you feel like I
didn't love you anymore.  My love for you was the only reason I could go on
after Jake left."

	Nick moved slowly, stripping as he moved closer to them.  "I know that
mother.  I knew that it would take you time to work out what had happened in
your head and heart.  But it's been more than fifteen years.  You have been
loyal to a dead man for that long.  I don't think he would feel cheated if you
tried to seek love now, before joining him."  He pushed her back into Jessy's
arms, taking the initiative.  "Remember when you used to scream so much?  I'd
like to hear you do that again."

	Fran cried out softly at the feel of not only Jessy's hands on her, but also
Nick's teeth biting her nipple hard, pulling at her ring there.  "Remember, when
you used to beg for it to be hard?  I remember what you like, trust me, mother. 
I will make it as hard as you want."

	It had been Jake's idea, back when he was little more than nineteen to tie
his mother to a bed and wait till after Jessy had fed from him before pulling
him aside and throwing him in the room with her.  That had been the highlight of
his young life, even more than what he had gotten from Jessy.  Who he had grown
up around, and knew he was a vampire.  That first night, when he had all but
raped his mother, and she had loved ever moment of it.  After that, it had only
taken Jessy a moment to make them both understand that there was no shame in
what they had shared.  After that, Jake and him made it a habit of ganging up on
her, often.  "You want the ropes, mom?"

	The memory of the last time she had been tied bound to the bed as Jake and
her son used her over and over, listening to her cries as she begged for mercy
made her moan.  "Yes, please, make it real, make it hard.  I want to remember
what it felt like to be taken again.  Please, my darling boy, help your master,
to make me beg."  She might not have long to live, but like this, with the end
so clear in sight.  She wanted to return to the days when her heart wasn't as
tired as it was now.

	"Father?"  Nick looked up from where he was pressed over her.  "I know it
has been a while since you did anything out side of the play room, but she's no
like that.  She just want's to feel secure."

	"You are right, I haven't brought my games to bed with me since before Butch
died, but that doesn't mean that I've bothered changing anything.  If she needs
ropes I will have to go and get them, but chains, I have plenty."

	Nick looked down at Fran, as she lay there, open to him.  Open to someone
other than Jessy or Kris for the first time in so long.  "Please, she likes the
ropes better, not as cold or unforgiving, I guess."  He pulled up, reaching for
her head.  "Come on mother, blow me.  I got to piss is the worlds worse way."

	Jessy was a little surprised as Fran whimpered moving to bend to her son,
and tend to him, wrapping her lips around his growing erection, and sighing as
she began to drink his urine.  "Goodness, had I known she was quite this sweet,
I would have sought her out more often."  He rose to get what his son had asked
for.

	"I don't think she would have ever been able to deal with some of the things
you like father.  She is a good girl.  I'll give you that ever ready to obey. 
But a little bondage, very specific kinds of pain, a touch of humiliation, and
degradation, is pretty much as far as Jake and I could ever get her to go. 
She'll do almost anything to herself, or you, you ask her.  But the other's, she
never dealt with having to come to terms with what he and I make her do in front
of the others, and I don't think that now is the time to start."

	"No, other than you and Kris, I don't think she is going to share time with
anyone but me for the rest of her life."  He returned with several ropes.  "Do
you wish to bind her any way special, or just spread on the bed?"

	Nick looked around the room.  Smiling as the hook that hung from the ceiling
in from of the mirror.  Then back down at his mother, who was still trying her
best to please him.  "Come on, mother, I think it's time we set you up."

	Jessy sat back and watched as his son, tended to his mother.  Seeing to it
that the cuffs were hooked to the rope fully before binding her wrists in them. 
Speaking softly almost threateningly of all that he would do to her, once he had
her at his mercy.

	"So, mother, when was the last time you got it up the ass?"  He bit at her
shoulder. Pressing against her. 

	"You were, that last night.  Please, honey, mercy, don't do that to me, it's
been so long."  She knew her pleas were going to fall on deaf ears, but it was
still all part of how they had been so long ago.

	Nick laughed at her.  "I was going to use lubricant on you, but now, with
the knowledge that I was your last, the promise of how tight and hot you are
going to be.  No mom, I want to hear you scream."  He forced her ass cheeks
apart, teasing her with a finger for a minute, listening to her cry out in
protest.  "Oh, yes, and you will beg for it. Go on, let our master hear you beg
me to fuck you dry."  He reached down between her legs and began to pull sharply
at the ring in her labia.  "Beg for it, or I will torment you till you do." 
With one finger, he thrust in her hard.  The other hand pulled sharply at her
ringed sex.

	Fran looked at Jessy who sat on the bed, watching quietly.  "Please, Master,
let him, please, like it used to be."  She was crying in both pain and joy as
she pressed back into Nick's hand, feeling him add a second finger to his
assault on her.  "Now, please, Master.  I'll do it.  Just please, now."  She was
so afraid that if Jessy didn't give his okay for Nick to do what he wanted to
her that it would be to the point that it had gotten only twice.  And her son
was going to work his hand into her, and do it without any help of lubrication.

	"Are you sure this is what you want, Darlin?"  He smiled, moving to stand
before her as she hung there.  "If you want this, then love, make me believe
it."

	Fran was twisting trying to pull away from Nick's hand as he began to work a
fourth finger in to her rectum.  "Please, Master, I'm begging.  Yes, I want him
like this."  She cried out with pain, as Nick began to work is thumb into her. 
"Please, Master, now, anything, just do it now."

	"Too late mom, beg him to help you cum.  I'm gonna keep my fist in your ass
until you cum."  Nick pulled back his hand before forcing his fist even deeper
into her, listening to her screams with a smile.  "I've missed you mother, you
don't know how much."  He slammed his fist back into her.

	She shook her head, fighting to breathe without wanting to cry out in pain. 
"Please, mercy, oh god, it hurts."

	"You want me to stop mother?"  Nick went to pull his hand away.

	She shook her head even harder this time.  "No, please, Master don't let him
stop.  Just please help me."

	Jessy smiled, moving to get his crop.  He had never realized how much of a
darling he had been blessed with.  "You want to cum, Darlin?"  He traced the end
of the crop across her breasts and belly.

	Fran focus on him, in the middle of her anguish.  "Yes, please, Master,
anything, I will do anything for you, just please, let me cum."

	"So be it."  He dropped the crop, forgotten for now, and went to his knees
before her.  She had always been so sweet, but now, like this.  Her sweet juices
flowing over her face as he began to tease her with his lips and tongue. 
Stroking the desire for release in her.  Making her moan in pleasure from what
he was doing, even as she cried out in pain at the brutal assault of the fist in
her rectum.  Pleasure and pain, it always made it that much more total, if there
was pleasure as well as pain for her.

	She screamed, jerking as twisting between her master who was making her cum,
and her son who kept fisting her harder and harder.  She all but dance from toe
to toe as she was almost lifted off the floor with the force of her release. 
Trapped between the two men.

	Jessy pulled back, wiping his face, smiling.  "There you go, love.  Now,
while my son cleans up, for more play with you.  You can give me that anything
you promised me."  He didn't have much time left with her, but the time he did,
he would see to it that she knew just how much he owned her.  That was all she
had ever

wanted.  To, be, owned by him.  "I seriously hope you get a lot of rest.  I have
every intention of making you never forget who you are to me."  He reached up
and grabbed the hook the hung from the ceiling.  Dragging it back on the
runner's that he had forgotten were there.  "So, do I need another two hooks, or
a spreader bar?"  He turned to Nick as he was coming back into the bedroom. 

	"I don't know, I guess it is all depending n what you plan to do with her
next."

	"I would have gifted her with what you just did, but she has already felt
that.  How sensitive to pain is she?"

	"I don't care if it hurts Master, please, anything.  I am yours.  Rape me. 
Torture me, anything you want.  Please Master, for the time I have with you,
please, anything."

	"Father, I don't want to sound like I am trying to tell you what to do, or
anything.  But she is a little drawn out right now.  When she gets this way,
Jake made me pay close attention to what I was doing with her.  Like this, she
could end up getting hurt and I really don't think she would notice."

	Jessy pulled two more hooks to the front of the mirror, to see to it that
she was suspended completely, and open to them totally.  "Nicholas.  I have been
doing this for a lot longer than you have been around.  When have I ever taken
it too far with any of them?  Even Angel, who used beg me to forget that he was
still mortal and take him the way I could take him.  I never did."

	*What the hell is going on down there, Darlin's screams have upset the
house. *  Kris's mind locked on Jessy's.

	*Tell them all that there is nothing to worry about.  Look back at all that
we have shared between us with them so far, Childe.  She has spent so long,
living without any true ownership.  Nick is just helping me to remind her who
and what she is to us. *

	*No wonder Boy never, had, any need to look at anyone else.  Damn, the girl
is a screamer.  Okay, I'll take care of it.  Have fun. *

	Jessy stepped between her leg's touching her sex.  "You do understand,
Darlin, you keep making all the noise you are, and I am going to have more than
one of my pets nagging at me to see what I did to you that had you singing so
loudly."

	She opened her eyes.  They were others.  They had to know what was going on. 
She shuddered.  The thought of what they all thought of her, burning her with
humiliation.  She hung there, naked and open.  And all it would take was for one
of them to walk in and she would be completely exposed.  She groaned.  Jake had
used to threaten her, as she lay there exposed like she was now, that he would
drag her bound and naked in front of the others, throw her to them, to be used
and abused.  He had never gotten around to doing that.  But now, with the look
in her master's and son's eyes, she was so afraid that after all this time, she
would be forced to go, bound and naked and be willing to do anything, with
anyone that her master wanted. And the most frightening thing of it all, was he
wouldn't have to make her.  It had been so long, she had been living alone for
so long, that if her master only said the word, she would crawl up the stairs
and do anything she was told, just to keep the old loneliness at bay.

	Jessy stepped closer, reaching to touch her breast.  "Don't be afraid,
Darlin.  I gave you my word, that I would keep you here with Kris and I until it
was time.  Nothing and no one is going to change my mind.  Even if I think you
would look sweet as you gave yourself to all of them, and begged to be their
slave.  No, you are mine.  I will gladly share you with my children, but no one
else."

	"Thank you, Master."  She wasn't quite disappointed, it might have been fun,
but he was right.  This was where she was for now, and where she would stay.




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 2



	Kris motioned for Anise to be quiet as she slipped into the room the Kelly
and Steven shared.  Smiling a little to herself, as, she took in the condition
Kelly had been left in.

	He hung there, on his tiptoes, trying to lesson the weight he was putting on
the bar that Steven had impaled him on.  She touched his mind lightly seeing how
he was doing.  Then she had to fight to keep from laughing.  Silly boy worried
that if he put all his weight down that he would hurt himself.  Oh it would
probably be uncomfortable as hell, and knowing Kelly, he would love it.  She,
looked, around at all hell the various toys that the two had collected over the
years they had been together here.  Steven was obviously ill with Kelly, if he
planned on using even half the things that he had laid out so carefully.

	He jerked as she touched his back.  "Rumor has it that you had best hope
that your master, is happy with you by tomorrow, or he might turn you over to
your real master, and if you have been behaving badly enough to upset Steven,
you know what Jessy will do to you.

	Kelly whimpered.  "Yes Mistress."  Had Steven gone and gotten her, was he
going to ask her to help him discipline him?  Kelly had been with them long
enough to know just how much of a bitch Kris could be when she put her mind to
it.  "Please, Mistress.  I will do anything my master says please, don't tell
anyone."  The last time he had been to the 'dungeon' Jessy had let Steven take
him there, and after two hours, he was more than ready to say and do anything he
was told.

	"We will see.  I already warned Steven about hurting you.  But as you have
learned.  You can inflict a lot of pain on a person, without hurting them."  She
grabbed him by the hips and lifted him, almost off the rod, then pulled him down
hard.  Kissing his shoulder as he cried out in pain.  "Lift your legs, baby." 
She lifted his hips again to slam him back down of the rod.

	He gasped catching his breath low in his chest.  "Again Mistress, please, I
am a bad slave, I need to be punished.  Do it again Mistress, please."

	"I think I will wait for your master to come back.  He has some interesting
ways he has planned to punish you.  Just you remember.  No matter how much you
want to, no cumming until either I or he gives you permission."  She took him in
her hand as began to stroke him gently.  "Remember, pet."  She stepped around to
stand in front of him, still stroking him.  "No cumming."  She knelt there, and
with a wicked little smile on her face, licked the end of his penis, tongue
teasing at the opening at the very tip."

	He was so excited, it was absolute hell not to just give in to what she was
making him feel, as she slowly worked her mouth up and down his shaft.  No other
woman had ever made him feel like she did.  He used to think it was her blood,
but after all the time that he had spent with her, he had finally come to the
realization, it was because as little as she was, she had more power than anyone
other than Jessy, his dominant master.  He loved the power she had over him. 
"God, please, Mistress, I, please."  He wrapped his legs over her shoulders as
she continued to tease him.  Hips thrusting forward into the cool sweet velvet
vice of her mouth that held him.

	Steven slipped back in with two long tapers and a lighter that he had went
for.  To be greeted with his friend and personal slave, legs wrapped around
Kris's head as she blew him.  "You did tell him he couldn't cum, right
Mistress?"

	Kris pulled back.  Kissing the tip one more time before rising to her feet. 
"Of course.  You know how I feel about the two of you.  I happen to agree with
Jessy, as long as you don't push him too far, or really hurt him, I am more than
willing to go along with the relationship that the two of you have.  Just why do
you think, Jessy finally decided to take you to join us?  Kelly is a love and
all, but he isn't much use to the girls.  And Jessy, having to worry about all
that we have been worrying about for the last few years, just didn't have the
time he used to have to see him given the attention he deserves."  She reached
out and tugged on the ring in his right nipple.  "I was only teasing him a
little.  Thought that you would appreciate my effort when you start to punish
him."

	Steven looked at her closely.  "Mistress, are you okay?  You're not usually
this cold, especially not with my boy here."

	She smiled, touching his cheek.  "I am hurting Steve, we lost the last two
of the original pets we had tonight.  Darlin was willing to live, only long
enough to see my father make Nick my true sibling.  Then she asked to be allowed
to die.  When I leave tomorrow, I have nothing but memories and ashes to take
with me."

	Steven knelt in front of her.  "Is they're anything I can do Mistress?  Any
way to help you purge yourself of this?"

	"Yes, make him scream.  Let me watch as you teach your disobedient slave to
behave.  Because I haven't checked, so I don't know what he has done to tick you
off like this, but what ever it is.  You either see to it that he pays for his
error, or I will see to it myself."

	"He lost his temper with me, and told me to shut the fuck up, or he would
cram his fist down my throat."  He lay the candles and lighter on the bed.  "So
I took advantage of the fact that even though he has been here longer.  Our
master has been feeding me a lot more than he has him.  And I forced him to his
knees, and then to the pole where you found him."

	Kris frowned.  "What was the argument about?"

	"After, Darlin had made so much noise, I was thinking about trying to see if
she wanted to spend her last days with me, I understand her probably better than
anyone other than you and master.  Kelly didn't want to talk about it.  He might
understand what she is feeling and all, but he is none too thrilled with the
thought of having to share me with anyone but you and master, not even if it is
Darlin. 

	Kris moved to stand in front of Kelly again.  "You are lucky.  Steven is
wrong.  You have been here long enough.  And fed from me often enough, that you
are stronger than him, had you fought him, laid so much as a hand on him, and
you would be the second slave in two hundred years to be punished like you would
have been.  Jessy would have dominated you, taken everything from you, and
locked you in a hell of your own making.  The only thing you would have been
allowed to feel is pain, and you would have been forced to crave it.  Then
maybe, in a few months, after he thought you had learned your lesson, he might,
and that is just a maybe.  For what you did, there are no guarantees, have let
you go.  You don't know how close you came from pushing things past a point that
even I could protect you.  And I will have to tell Jessy about this.  No I
don't, think after your master punishes you tonight, he will do any more to you. 
But you can guarantee that you will get a long talk from him.  One that you
won't like."

	Kelly looked at her in terror.  "Please Mistress, this slave is sorry. 
Please, don't let this bad slave's real master know what he did.  It will never
happen again."

	"I can't promise that.  Baby, what I know so does he.  He will know what you
did, and if he thinks that Steven didn't punish you enough tonight, he will see
to it that you at the very least, spend several hours with him in his dungeon. 
But I am very worried that he will all but crush your mind for a time.  You are
a slave here, just like the rest, doubly so because of your nature.  He will not
tolerate that kind of behavior.  No one hits or threatens to hit anyone else
here."  She stepped away from him, turning to look to Anise.  "I need to stay
here for a little longer Elder.  I have to see to it that Stevie punishes him
enough that Jessy won't feel the need to do more.  He is going to be in pain
enough with the loss of Darlin, I don't dare let him feel that Kelly needs to
suffer more than he should for the wrong he did.  And I'm real worried that
right now, in the shape he is going to be in, he is going to strike first, and
then think about his actions."

	"You are far too soft hearted with your pets, Childe.  If he had been mine,
I would have whipped the skin off his back and then crushed his mind."  Anise
looked very ill at the man that hung, there, fear clear on his face.

	"Yes, well, Kelly happens to be my favorite.  So I will go out of my way to
see to it that he pays for his bad judgement, so Jessy doesn't take it into his
head to do just what you said."

	"Please, Mistress, your slave, he's sorry, he won't ever raise his voice or
hand to his master again.  Please, don't let your father have him."  Kelly was
so frightened that he had reverted to full slave role.  He hung there crying, so
sure that his out burst was going to cost him everything he had here, his place,
his friends, his lover, and even worse, his mind.

	"Do you want me to gag him Mistress?"

	"No," she turned back to Kelly.  "Kelly, do you hear me?"

	"Yes, Mistress."

	"Not another word.  You will be punished, and punished severely.  That is
why I am staying.  If Steven hurts you, I will be here to see you taken care
of."

	Steven was very worried about his friend.  They had spent the last six years
since he had come here together.  He loved him, he was afraid that he was going
to lose that love.  "Mistress, please.  He just blew off a little steam.  It's
as much my fault as it is his, I haven't been keeping him in line as of late
like I should have.  You know his kind, give them an inch, they will go for a
mile."

	*Stevie, I know that.  Don't worry about him.  I am just putting the fear of
god, or of Jessy as it were, in him.  I promise, Jessy might growl at him a
little, to scare him enough that he never does that again, but he won't hurt
him.  I'm here, so you have a free rule with him for his punishment.  Beat him,
whip him, or cane him anything you think he needs, I promise.  Once it is over,
I will see to putting him back together. *

	*Well, Mistress, you achieved your goal, he is terrified of what the master
can do if he gets mad.  Always has been.  And now you have seen to it that he is
even more afraid of him.  I thought you and master didn't want us afraid of you.
*

	*We don't, but we also have to make you all understand what will earn
punishment.  As long as he doesn't blow up anymore and threatens or even worse
hits anyone.  He never has anything to worry about.  That is the only reason
Jessy would ever do that to any of you.  Punish you for bad behavior, yes, but
that is a spanking most of the time, or if it is a bigger crime, a trip to his
dungeon.  Like when Jessy caught Tina, just because no one can really do more
than just look over her, stealing.  But the only thing that ever earns that is
to hit or threaten to hit one of your, family. *

	Steven nodded going to move close to Kelly.  "Mistress, will you please help
me, I need to get him down off this.  The pole always gets in the way of hitting
his upper legs, and, if I have him on a spreader bar, his nuts.  They are always
such a good target, they are the lowest hanging pair I have ever seen on a man."

	"Yes I know.  So, you planning on a spreader?"

	"Mistress, How well fixed are the hooks?"

	"They are affixed to the frame of the room, and unless this part of the
house falls in, they aren't going anywhere, why?"

	"Because I am going to use the five foot spreader, and that will leave him
hanging from two of them, by his wrists.  I just wanted to make sure that I
could do that without risking the hook coming out of the ceiling and he getting
hurt without me meaning to.  I'm going to hurt him tonight, I have to if I want
to make sure that our master feels like I have taken care of the problem, but I
don't want him to just accidentally be hurt."

	She nodded.  "No worries about that dear. Now baby, go over and raise your
hands to the cuffs in the hooks so your master can see you are seen too."

	Kelly lowered his bound hands as Kris set him on the floor to cover his
genitals protectively.  He had been forbidden to cum, and now couldn't even beg
her to let him.  And he knew that if his master was going to whip him like he
had threatened.  By the third or fourth time it landed on his erection or balls,
he would cum all over the place, and he was so afraid of what his mistress would
do to him.  He had broken not just one of the laws of his house, but the
biggest.  His mistress was mad at him.  And the moment she was with his master,
he would know and be mad at him too.

	Steven took his bound hands into his and worked the ropes free.  "Don't
worry, baby.  I'll see to it that he has no call to think you haven't paid for
your mistake.  Then if he still feels like there should be some kind of
punishment.  I'll take it.  I won't let you be punished twice for the same
thing."

	Kelly looked at him, fear of a different sort in his eyes now.  What would
happen if his real master still thought he should be punished, and Steven tried
to stop it?

	"Both of you stop it.  Kelly, why the hell, do, you think I'm still here and
not with Anise?  I am going to make sure that Jessy will consider the issue
closed.  I might be a bit heavy handed in some of it tonight, but I am only
going to try to make sure that by the time Steven is done, you will have paid
for it.  And then, to, add an extra layer of icing on the top.  You will get up
at ten and walk around here, nude, wearing nothing but a ten-inch butt plug and
your hood.  Zippers open and do the work.  Any time you see one of the other's
working, ask them to spank you twenty good smacks and then sit back it is your
job.  You are being punished.  And you will keep your dick hard, at all times,
and even stand there and beg those in the room to tease you.  I don't care if
they start following you around from room to room.  The people in the room, each
get five good strokes, all at the beginning, when you first come into a room. 
Surely to god, he will think that and all the your master will do to you
tonight, punishment enough."	

	Kelly looked at her in shock.  Having to do all the work, yes he could see,
even bending to be spanked by anyone that he comes up on that was working.  But
to walk around all day, wearing nothing other than a butt plug and his slave
hood.  There was no way he would be able to control himself for long.  *? *

	"Relax, honey.  I know what you are worrying about, and you can relax.  You
have permission, tomorrow while you work to cum, all you have to do, is when you
do, drop to the floor and lick it up off the hard wood or carpet.  But you are
used to that."  She looked to Steven who was busy hanging Kelly. Arms open wide. 
"So, what do you have planned?  I won't be able to stay long.  I have things I
still have to do.  But I want to know if you are going to whip him.  And if you
are, then you need to do it quickly.  There will be no more severe punishments
like caning or using one of the really heavy duty whips or Cat's, once I am
gone.  "Light flogging, a riding crop, is okay, but nothing extreme.  I want to
see him punished, not killed."

	Steven pulled himself up from where he had knelt, affixing the five foot bar
between Kelly's legs, leaving him hanging there, open and defenseless.  "I'm
going to whip him, but you knew that already.  After that I'm going to fuck him,
hard, raping type hard.  He is always clean and lubricated.  He never knows when
I will come up behind him and have him drop his pants and just do him then and
there.  After I fuck him, I'm going to have him force a shit, so he can mess up
my little gold mine.  I mean Mistress.  There is no doubt that we both are yours
and masters.  But, if we weren't here, and didn't belong to both of you, he
would be mine anyway.  We are from the same town.  There is only about five or
so years between us.  The odds of he and I finally meeting, with as special as
our life style is, are really good.  But anyway, after I have him dirty his ass,
I'll have him eat the shit.  Then we have this real soft and subtle flogger with
about," he stopped thinking about it, counting them out in his head.  "Nine
tongues, that are about an inch wide, each.  That is like a kiss when I start
with it, and I'll warm him up with it fast, but by the time I am going to be
done with him, he is going to be jerking in a desperate attempt to avoid the
kiss, and cumming all over the place.  After that, I'll fuch him again, and have
him blow me.  Then fix his normal restraints and put him to bed."  He was going
to have some problem taking it as far as he was having t take it, and he was
very worried that his mistress would expect more.

	Kris whistled low.  "I know Jessy is going to be upset with him, but even,
he will have to admit that he paid the bill for it.  I'll stay here for the
whipping, but do me a favor Steven.  Give him some water, wine, something when
you're done.  Give him a chance to get the taste of shit out of his mouth."

	He nodded.  "I will have to, because when I have him blow me after I fuck
him for the last time, I'm gong to piss down his throat.  And that can irritate
tissue in the mouth and throat if you're not careful."

	"Better watch it Steven or Jessy is going to end up putting you where he
used to keep Angel, and I am not sure how you would take to that at first. 
Kelly, he would probably die of ecstasy.   But you have only been a bottom just
a few times, and they all were with Jessy.  Let him realize you know as much as
you do, and you will prick his interest."

	Steven just smiled at her.  "Mistress, he owns me.  Before coming here, I
didn't just play at the lifestyle.  I lived it, as fully as any man can live by
what he believes in.  I am 'his' slave.  I accept that.  Anything my master
wants, I'll do."  He took her hand into his.  "I am yours too Mistress. 
Anything, and the only one that can over rule your word is my master."

	"Okay, don't say I didn't warn you."  She moved to sit on the bed.  You need
to hurry up Steven. I can feel Darlin and she is not going to be with us very
much longer.  When she dies, I have to go with my father to see to it that she
is taken care of."  She leaned forward reaching up to touch Steven's collar.  "I
hope it is a very long time before I have to add yours to the collection that we
now have."

	Steven leaned down to kiss her.  "I love you, Mistress."  He pulled back
turning to reach for his whip.  Shaking this thin strip of braided leather
loose.  Working his arm, cracking the whip in the air a few time, noticing how
with each crack, Kelly jerked.  "Okay you stupid fuck, I want you to count each
stroke, and beg your master for the next."  He cracked the whip behind Kelly
again.  "I will whip you twenty times, but every time you cum, or don't respond
fast enough, we will start over with one.  You understand me stupid fuck?"

	"Yes, Master.  This stupid fuck, he understands."  Kelly babbled mindlessly.

	Steven moved slowly, ever mindful of how much force he was putting behind
each bite of the whip as he began to pop it closer and closer to Kelly's back
and buttocks.

	Kelly jerked.  Crying out as the whip lanced a line of fire across his back
from his right shoulder, down through the center of his back.  "One, Master. 
Please, this stupid fuck begs, hit him again."

	Steven was slow, placing each blow with care and precision.  Waiting only
long enough for the sting of the last cut to begin to recede to a constant burn
before striking again.

	It was on the twelfth cut the third to his balls that Kelly cried out,
cumming.  Shuddering in pleasure and horror.  "Please, Master, this stupid fuck,
he's sorry, don't make him start over."  He had never been whipped by Steven as
hard as his lover had done so thus far. 

	Steven looked to where Kris reclined on their bed, watching.  "Mistress,
everything still okay?"

	"Yeah, you can have him start over, just try not to hit his balls again, as
nice as this looks, I don't have the time to sit back and just watch for much
longer."  She sniffed the air.  "Besides, that last blow, broke the skin, he's
bleeding."

	"But I thought you wanted to make sure that I punished him enough that
master wouldn't feel like he would have to do any more to him?"  Steven looked
down at the thin opening that had blood slowly seeping from it.

	"I do, the only reason I don't want you to hit his balls anymore is every
time you do and he cums, he has to start over, and I really don't have that much
time.  Don't worry Stevie, go on, I promise, no matter how much you hurt him, I
won't let Jessy take it out of your hide."

	"Thank you Mistress." Steven stepped close to where Kelly hung, sobbing. 
Running a hand over the hot welts on his skin.  "I warned you, stupid fuck. 
Start over with one.  And this time, no cumming at all.  You cum again, and I
will take the lighter and make the ring in your balls, red-hot.  Do you
understand me, stupid fuck?"

	Kelly's sobs only intensified into cries of horror and protest.  "Please,
Master, this stupid fuck, he understands, don't, please, mercy."

	"Okay, boy, beginning with one."  And the whip came down again.

	Kris watched on as Steven cut Kelly again and again.  The smell of blood was
almost maddening to her.  By the last blow, it was taking Kris everything she
had not to attack the bound and helpless mortal that hung before her.  "Move,
Steven."  She was on her feet, and moving towards Kelly the moment Steven
lowered his arm.

	"I'm sorry, Mistress, this stupid, stupid, fuck, he is so sorry."  Kelly was
beyond rational thought as Kris reached for him.

	"Hush, Kelly.  Let me take care of you."  She bent taking the bar in her
hands, snapping it so that Kelly could stand again.  "I will make sure I get you
another soon enough, but for now, I'm starved, and you smell so good."  She
stood, leaning against his back, licking at one of the many welts that had
broken the skin.  Moaning softly, as she tasted the blood, it was flavored with
fear and pain, and tasted so sweet.

	Kelly was so close to losing control of himself again as Kris pulled away
from him.  He loved anytime they fed from him.  "Please, Mistress, again."

	Kris shook her head, she had felt Fran die, knew that there were things she
was still expected to do for her.  "I can't Kelly, I have to go.  I trust your
master to see to it that your punishment is finished tonight, but no more blood
letting."  She kissed them both lightly.  "As far as I am concerned, Kel, Hon,
you are forgiven.  See you tomorrow."



	She met Jessy as he carried what was left of Fran's body from his room.  The
look of quiet acceptance on his face gave her strength.  "She is the only one of
them, so far, that you didn't have to kill, to stop the pain."

	"She was happy, at the end.  Happier than she has been out side of sharing
blood with one of us since I had to kill Boy."  He smiled down at the withered
remains in his arms.

	Kris nodded falling into step with him as he carried her down another flight
of stairs to the crematorium.  She was the last one.  They had lost all those
that had started this journey with them.  "Her having the chance to see Nick be
given life, or un-life as it were, was the trick for her, you do know that don't
you?"

	Jessy lay her body on the slab, gently removing her collar, before pressing
the button to begin the pulley that would pull her into the flames.  "Yes, I
know.  It's going to be hard on my new Childe knowing that his mother died and
was dealt with while he slept away his death.  But she couldn't bear the thought
of him seeing her like this.  She wanted him to remember her like she was before
her death.  And not like she was when I gave her to the flames."  He buried his
face in Kris's hair, weeping. 

	Kris had no words for him.  How could she ever hope to ease his heart?  Of
all of them, Fran was the most special to him not even Randy meant more to him. 
"It's over, Father.  It's going to be many years before we ever have to kill
another of those we love."

	"If I don't ever have to kill another, it isn't going to change the fact
that I have had to kill so many, and these weren't like it used to be.  These
mortals, they had trusted me.  I loved them, baby, each and everyone of them." 
His pain, at the finality of the death that he had been forced to bring to so
many, left him, almost crazed.  "I loved them, and killed them, all."

	Kris grabbed him by the shoulders, forcing him to look up at her.  "Stop it,
Father.  Don't you think I know how much you loved them?  I had to watch on as
you ended their pain, one right after the other.  But no more, Ariel is the
oldest we have left, and she is going to be with us for a long time.  Let it
go."  She was crying with him.  "Please Jessy, love, Father.  Let it go."



	Kris walked around the silent room, taking in all that was left of all that
they had loved as Jessy combined Fran's ashes with Jake's and then linked their
two collars together. 

	She picked up the small, dusty Figurine of the vampire that Mitch had given
her so long ago.  She gently kissed it before setting it back down.  Reaching to
lift his collar.  They had them all, each collar from each pet that they had
lost.  "I'm still here baby."  She whispered into the silence.  "Remember where
ever you are, as long as I am still alive, you will always be with me."

	Jessy had to support Kris as they passed the place that they had set Ryan's
urn, with all the art that was there, draped in black.  "I'm sorry, Childe.  If
I had only held off a few more hours, I wouldn't have had to take him from you."

	"How could we know?  We have had to live by the laws all our lives.  At
least you were allowed to save Nicky.  I loved Ryan, more than I could ever tell
you, almost as much in my own way as I did Mitch or I love you.  But I have a
chance to have my little brother with me for I don't know how long.  So, I will
heal, I will never stop missing him, but like Mitch, Danny and Brenda.  I will
be able to let him go and love again."

	Jessy just hugged her tighter.  "You are the only thing that has kept me
from ending my life so many times, baby.  And now, I have Nick.  He might be the
first one that I ever made from mortal to blood, but you are so more than just
my Childe remember that.  No matter how much life hurts, I will always take care
of you."

	"Can we go to bed now?  It's already late, and I'm tired, so unbelievably
tired."

		*	*	*

	Steven finished setting Kelly's bondage for the night.  It had not been an
easy three hours for him.  Not even with as much as he loved to hear his boy
scream, the knowledge that he had to push him farther than he normally would, or
run the risk of their master deciding that there was more pain called for.  That
was a feeling that he wasn't exactly fond of.  He stroked Kelly's cheek as the
man lay on his side, hands bound behind his back.  "Get some sleep, Kel,
tomorrow is a busy day for you."

	"I'm sorry, Master, you have no idea how sorry I am."  He leaned against
Steven as he cried.

	"So am I baby.  Now enough no, more, talking.  You have a busy day tomorrow,
and only about four hours to rest go to sleep, or I will string you back up, and
take a crop to your balls."

	Kelly laughed weakly.  "No fair Master, you want me to sleep, but with
promises like that, you are making it hard."

	Steven just hugged him tightly against him, chuckling softly.  "Good night,
boy."




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 3



	Nick woke in pain.  His whole body was on fire.  He cried out, doubling
over, sobbing in confusion, he didn't understand why it was hurting like this. 
He wasn't supposed to hurt like this.  "Master."

	*Just as soon as we move into the Macon house, I am going to have to see to
it that I collect four or five more for my needs. *  Jessy pulled his Childe's
head and fangs to his throat.  *Go on, Childe, feed.  I'm here for you. *

	Kris rolled over, stretching.  "I remember going through this, lucky for
him, he only has to do it once."  She stroked the younger man's hair as he was
locked to Jessy's throat.

	*Master, what is happening to me?  I thought that once you did what you did,
and I wasn't mortal anymore, that I was in the clear.  Why does it hurt so much?
*

	*Ssshh, Nick, I'm not your master anymore.  You are my Childe.  I am your
father.  And it is like this for every infant.  You don't have to be afraid,
love.  You're hungry, nothing more.  Just go on, and feed.  If you still hunger
after pulling away from me, your sister is old enough to help me with you.  For
the next few months, you are going to need to feed some where between ten and
twelve times a night, and will wake during the day burning. *

	Nick pulled back, groaning.  He hadn't realized how much blood he was going
to have to drink in the beginning.  "Damn."

	Kris giggled at him.  "Poor baby, what did you think you would come away
from our father, and just because you had lived all your life with him, that you
would just slide into being one of us, without any trouble?"

	"Something like that.  I don't get it.  I know that by vampire standards,
you are young, but I don't remember ever seeing you react like I just did.  Is
it because I was so old when I was finally allowed to become one of you?"

	"Nicky, I had been a vampire for just a little over seventeen years when you
were born.  I might have still been a Childe, but I wasn't an infant anymore. 
You are one now.  And trust me.  When I was as new to this as you are now, I was
as bad, as you are, and in some instances, even worse.  So relax."  She pulled
him close.  Kissing him softly.  "Welcome to the family, Nick."

	He chuckled softly.  "Remember when I was little, and I used to like to pick
on my big sister?"

	Kris laughed at him.  "Try that again, kid, and I will beat you.  I can now,
you know.  I had to put up with you being such a damn pest when you were seven
and eight, I didn't dare squash you, you, were mortal at the time.  But try to
play those stupid games with me again, and I can and will.  Being one of us,
means if takes a whole lot more to hurt you and you do get hurt then you will
heal fast."

	He pressed his head against her breast.  "I haven't been seven or eight in
gods, how long?"  He pressed back against Jessy's chest as the older man moved
to join Kris in welcoming him to his new life.



	Nick lay back, smiling as he rested between them.  "My God, that was."  He
was speechless.

	"Welcome to the wonderful world of being family my son.  Forget everything
you ever thought.  Now you will learn what it really means to love, and be
loved."

	"Where is mother, I have to thank her again for giving me this chance.  Had
she never brought me here, gave me to this to grow up here, I would not be here
now."

	Kris sighed.  She would not cry again.  She had cried herself out this
morning as she helped Jessy clean Nick up after his death.  "She's gone baby. 
She waited only long enough to know that our father would see to you and then
asked to join Jake.  She didn't want you to see her as she died.  Wanted you to
remember her as she had been while she was still alive.  Our father, he gave her
that.  It almost killed him, but he gave her that."

	Emotions so strong that they all but rendered him unable to think struck him
at the knowledge that his mother was dead.  Had left him completely, and he
hadn't even had the chance to say good bye.

	Jessy just held his sobbing Childe.  It wasn't right, twice, he had two
children and both had come to him from the death of a parent, it just wasn't
right.  "She was happy to go, Nicky.  She had held on as long as she had,
refused to beg release to join my Boy all for the love of you.  But once she
knew that you were going to be safe, she was happy to go."

	"But I didn't even get a chance to tell her good bye, that I loved her."  He
sobbed.

	"She knew, she always knew.  Now, feed again my son.  Let me help you to
find yourself again, like I had to do so long ago with my soul and first Childe.

		*	*	*

	It had been a very hard morning for Kelly.  He was dragged out of bed,
forced to shower and 'dress' for the day, and be downstairs and working all by
ten.  Steven had been hard on him tale the whole time he was getting ready,
using the crop to encourage him to move faster.  Which wasn't easy.  One of the
first things his master had done to him upon rising, was attach a short chain
with a three pound at the end of it, to the ring through his scrotum, so the
every step caused the weight to swing, which only added to the discomfort.

	To make matters worse, he felt so dirty inside.  Steven had not allowed him
time to flush himself out as he always did in the morning before greasing
himself up to be ever ready for both his masters, if they wanted to amuse
themselves with him.  Had gone so far as to forbid him that one bit of comfort
for the next month.  Which meant that he would have to eat a lot of shit after
every time one of his masters made love to him, and he blew them to clean up the
mess he had made of them.  Worse yet, he was forbidden any lubrication for three
months.  And Steven had laughed at he looked at him in horror.  Promising that
he would come up behind him at least three times a day and have him drop his
pants and bend for him.  That was not including the number of times that Jessy
would do the same.

	He had been forbidden to make a sound as Steven forced the butt plug into
his rectum.  No matter how much it hurt, he was not allowed to even whimper.

	Steven had made a sign, detailing what he was for the day, and what he was
to do, and what was expected of him.  Then with two thin chains, that had clamps
at both ends, he hung it from his chest.  One clamp of each chain biting into
the paper of the sign.  The other, biting, into his nipples.  Was he ever going
to see the end of this?  He cried in his mind as the sharp teeth of the clamp's
had bit into the tender flesh of his nipples.

	"Damn, Kelly, you advertising or something today?"  David laughed as he
walked into the room, as Kelly was busy, packing the many things on the shelves.

	Kelly closed his eyes as he turned around.  So far, he had been lucky, and
the only one to see him had been Steven, his master, but now, his luck was going
to change.  He turned around to face David.  "I am being punished Master, for
being such a stupid fuck."

	David read the sign that was hanging from Kelly's nipples.  "Master,
Mistress, this worthless slave is a stupid fuck, and is being punished.  Please
spank me and tease me before sending me back to my work.  I am doing all the
work, today, to pay for being such a stupid, useless, fuck'."  David read the
sign out loud.  "What did you do to earn his wrath this time Kelly?"

	"Please, Master, this stupid fuck, he is ashamed of himself.  Please, don't
ask him to tell it again."

	Steven stepped behind his, lashing him hard across the back of his upper
legs with the crop.  "He gets to take a belt to you.  For the time of your
punishment you will obey everyone.  He is your master, just as surely as I am. 
Now, you stupid fuck, your master asked you a question."  Steven was very
worried.  Kelly had blow up the night before, and he had to make sure that he
regretted his bad behavior or he feared Jessy would decide to see to it that he
did.

	Kelly broke down into tears at the stinging pain on top of all the other
pains he was suffering today.  "Forgive me, Master.  I was a stupid fuck, I
yelled at my master, and threatened to hit him.  Please, Master beat me,
anything.  This worthless slut is so very sorry."

	Steven just couldn't take it anymore.  "Hush, Kelly.  A stupid fuck you
might have been last night when you did what you did.  But you are not
worthless, and you aren't a slut either.  I have been with you for the last
almost six years, and other than our master and mistress and the other slaves
they own.  You have been mine and only mine."  He bit at Kelly's ear as he
pulled his friend back against him.

	

	Jessy led Kris and Nick into the room.  "What is up, Steven?  He looks
positively wretched."  He noticed the sign that hung over Kelly's chest, by
chains that were attached to the boy's nipples.  "What is this?"  He moved
reaching for Kelly.

	*He reacted badly last night and ended up not only fighting with Steven, but
threatening to hit him as well, Father.  I stood over Steven as he whipped
Kelly, and saw to it that any welts that opened were healed.  I had Steven go
out of his way to punish him last night, and I set it up that he would finish
paying for his mistake.  Please, Father, I took care of it.  Kelly was wrong. 
He knows that.  Don't hurt him anymore. *

	*I won't Kris, this is as much our fault as it is his.  We have been so
preoccupied with Puck and then Darlin, is it any wonder that one of them would
finally snap? *

	*You're not mad at him? *

	*No Childe, I'm not, so why don't you just see that he finished up his
packing, without the distraction that is on the sign and let it go.  I know you
well enough to know that that it doesn't really matter what he did.  If you
thought, it, worth punishing him.  You already had to heal him once, and if that
list on the sign on his chest was just an after though, then the boy has more
than paid for what ever it was that he did.  You know me, baby, when have I ever
been prone to severely harm any of those in my care, especially if I know that
the pet in question means as much to you, as Kelly does? *  He hugged her to
him.

	Kris squeezed Jessy hard for just a moment before moving to reach for Kelly. 
Stopping with a frown, as he fell to the floor at her feet.  "What the hell is
this Kelly?"  She pulled at his arm, trying to get him to stand up again.

	"Please, Mistress, this stupid fuck, he is sorry, no more.  Please, mercy."

	She pulled him close, shushing his whimper of pain as she removed the clams
from his nipples.  Bending to lick at the little trickle of blood where one of
the teeth had broken the skin.  "No more, Kelly.  It's over."  She held him as
he tried to gather himself.  "Let it go.  We won't talk about it anymore." 
Carefully she unhooked the chain and weight from the ring in his scrotum.  "Now,
why don't you see if Steven can go with you and help you clean up and get
dressed.  You still have to do the work for the day, but that is all."



	"I complained to your Childe earlier that she was entirely too easy on those
pets that you and she kept with you.  And now I can see why."  Anise commented
from the door.

	"Like I told Pet, back when I finally was willing to explore this side of
his nature with him.  Power corrupts.  Absolute power corrupts absolutely.  I
have never abused any of those in my keep, unless they needed abuse to be happy. 
And I can't see a day that I ever will.  Love is the one thing that I have
promised them all, and I just can't see abusing or neglecting them as a way to
show my love."

	"Well, they are your pets, so I suppose you can deal with them anyway you
wish.  You would anyway.  But, I was getting ready to leave, I promised your
Childe I would safeguard her to her first home, and stay and support her until
such time as you and those in your care make it there."  He walked across the
room to stand by Kris.  "She cannot remain here Childe.  Give her time, to
recover from all that she has lost thus far."

	Jessy looked at Kris.  "Baby, I knew that we would have to hurry and leave
here, but I never realized that staying here was going to cause you this much
pain."  He took her from where she stood by Anise.  "I trust my elder kinsman. 
If he says he will protect you, and see that you are cared for.  I won't worry
about having you away from me."  He kissed her.  "Go on, Childe.  I will help
the others finish collecting what it is we are bringing with us and then make
the flight home."

	"Thank you, Father.  I wish I could stand it, but all I see around me, no
matter where I look is death."

	"I know.  This place will not be used again for a long time.  I am no more
ready to return here than you are.  Now, go.  You have to hurry Childe.  I want
you underground long before the sun rises again."

		*	*	*

	Kris packed a quick bag, knowing that the rest would follow when Jessy and
the rest came.  The only thing other than her bag that she took with her was the
painting that had been with her for so long.  She might not be able to look at
it for a while.  But she had promised Ryan so many years ago, that she would
always give it the place of honor it in the living area of any house that she
called home.

	She missed cars.  The feel of the ground under her as Anise drove into the
night.  Even if she had, had to change one too many flats in her time.  But the
new vehicles that were the latest in transportation just didn't seem the same. 
It wasn't really a ride, but rather more a glide.  And okay, so they didn't
pollute the air with gas fumes.  Everything about the thing was electric.  But
there still was nothing quite, like the feeling of security of a real car around
her.  Jessy had spent years trying to get her past her fears and insecurities
about anything that depended on air as transportation.  But even after all this
time.  The memory of her parent's death still haunted her.

	'Stop it'.  She fussed at herself.  'It's just a damn hover shuttle.  Keep
this up, and you will never be able to cope with the flight'.

	"What is wrong, Childe.  You have been silent for most of the drive, and the
feelings I am getting from you are very stressful."  Anise looked over from the
driver's seat.

	"It's nothing Elder.  I just don't like anything that fly's.  Even if, it,
just hovers."

	"Yes, your father has mentioned your dislike of flight more than once. 
Unfortunately there is no way I could hope to drive from Wales to Georgia in one
night."

	"I know, we are going to be pushing it as is, no matter how fast that little
rocket shuttle of mine fly's."

		*	*	*

	Kris walked through the house.  Listening for the old happy voices.  But
only silence greeted her.  She had come home again.  The house that she had
first met and became Jessy's Childe by adoption, had been sold a long time ago,
and was now an apartment building.  But this was, her, first real home.  The
first place that she had felt truly safe in. 

	She smiled softly, ignoring the tears on her face as she hung Ryan's first
present to her back where it had hung for over forty years.  "We're home baby." 
She pressed her lips to her hand before laying against the black cloth that
covered the painting.  "We're home."

	The silence was oddly comforting to her as she walked the rest of the house. 
It was empty, but that emptiness could be filled with laughter and joy again so
easily.  And as quiet as it was, there was no cloak of pain and remorse.

	"Kris, Childe?"  Anise lay a hand on her as she mused.  "It's late.  I know
you did not rest much at light.  Let me take you and hold you for now.  I will
see to it that I have Janis see to loaning you a pet or two until such time as
you are able to either seek new ones, or your father brings those that belong to
you and make it home."

	"I will soon enough, but I haven't been in the states in a long time Anise. 
Let me at least catch up on a little of what is new on the radio.  I would say
TV, but I don't know if that thing, with as old as it is, still works."  She
thanked her good luck that with as much as things had changed.  Radio's were
still pretty much the same.  Fancier designs, and extra options since the last
time she had used the one in her home.  But the airwaves were still worked.

	As she listened, she snorted.  'Same shit, different day', she shook her
head.  She hadn't been in the US in almost fifty years, and for the most part
nothing had really changed.

	Then an, add for the nightclub, 'Differently Pleasured' caught her
attention.  She was stunned.  It wasn't possible.  But she listened to the, add,
and the address.  It was the same place.  She didn't understand how.  It had
been over a hundred years since Bobby had sold the club.  But it was the same
club.  And as she listened in almost afraid to move as the commercial finished.

	She sat there, looking into nothing, trying to recover from her shock.  The
bar that Bobby had started so long ago, was still active, and even more, was
offering submissives to buy and rent.  She had heard of the new practice in the
States, of taking and letting people, who had long term employment problems
sell, themselves into service.  For the most part this was just for state labor,
handiwork and odd jobs, but some, like those who lived the same lifestyle as so
many of hers did, as slaves, to the mercy of their owner.  It was one hell of a
twisted way to deal with unemployment.  But for her, and her father and brother,
it was going to be a sweet offer   "Did you hear that?"  She looked up to Anise. 
"Angel's old club is still around.  And they are selling pets.  We can go and
get what ever we want, and pay for it before taking it home and making it ours
for real.  It took me a long time to get used to the thought of owning a mortal. 
But now that I have, I can see to it that when my father and brother get here. 
I have some slaves for them here, and Jessy won't have to worry about Nick's
hunger on top of his and mine, being too great a risk for them."

	Anise nodded.  "I am not at all sure if I like this regression to the
practice of having indentured servants or not.  I was born and grew up in a time
when slavery was very common.  It is how I came to be what I am now.  I was my
father's slave, called him master long before I did father.  I have seen it
occur over and over again, and each time, the power was too much for the
master's."  He smiled softly.  "Well at least now, until such time as this is
called to a stop, and trust me Childe, it will come to a stop soon or late.  I
know of many that learn of this who will take this chance and stock up.  The
knowledge that the ban has been lifted and making children again is no longer
forbidden.  They will be a greater need for mortal's than ever before as more
and more children are made."

	"Can we go tomorrow, I want to see what I can do about getting a few before
my father gets here."

	Anise laughed at her, pulling her tight against him.  "Greedy thing aren't
you, Childe?"  He felt her against him, and the promise of sweetness in her
arms.  "We can go after sun set to see to your aims.  But for now, I would much
rather take you to bed with me.

	Kris turned in his arms, raising hers to wrap them around his neck.  "Me
too."



	Kris had not been this open and responsive with anyone but Jessy and Ryan in
so very long as she filled Anise's arms, pressing her back against his chest as
her mouth found his throat.

	Anise moaned, softly at the feel of her fangs sinking into his skin, and the
forearm she had lifted and pressed against his mouth, offering him the tie that
nothing but their kind could ever hope to share.

	With the first taste of her blood he was blown open as they linked in a bond
of blood, love, passion and lust.  His hands moved over her body, her breasts
belly the slight dip to her sex.  Stroking her almost without a care as he felt
her smooth slick, wetness, sheath him, and he lost all thought.

	Kris broke away from feeding, gasping as her body exploded in to a
kaleidoscope of feelings and emotions.  She almost screamed as her orgasm stole
over her.  Thrashing in Anise's arms as she shook with the force of her release. 
"Oh, god, yes, harder, god, please, yes, oh YES!"  She held his hand to her sex
as another wonderful explosion took her ability to more than just lay against
him and shake.




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 4



	Anise was really rather amused with the Childe's excitement.  But then
again, she had not come from an age in a time when slaves were, a, common thing.

	She had made a quick dash out to one of the many women's clothing stores
that seemed to be so plentiful.  To choose just the things she wanted for the
night, then hurried home to begin her transformation.

	"Would you believe I had to go to a antique clothing boutique to find a
simple black dress, I would be caught dead in.  These new fashions out today,
suck.  If I have to look at another, blowzy pastel, outfit.  I am going to be
physically ill."  She stepped out of the bathroom, posing for Anise.  "The woman
kept looking at me like I had lost my mind when I went to buy this little
number."  The skirt was short, but not so short that it looked like something a
woman with no taste would wear.  The fabric hung to her body in a very pleasing
way.  She was not overly tall, but the heels she wore gave her a statuesque
look.

	Her hair was the same short dark sable that it had been the day she died. 
It framed her face nicely. 

	And oh what a face.  Dark eye shadow, light but very striking blush, and her
lips were for lack of any other analogy, a 'fuck me' red.  "I hope I don't
frighten too many of them tonight.  I really want to get at least one, if not
two.  I can't keep feeding off of you, you didn't bring any of your pets with
you when you came."

	Anise chuckled.  "Childe, you are not a great burden for me, if you aren't
able to chose one tonight.  I am more than able to feed you if you need more."

	She smiled up at him, patting his cheek.  "Be honest. You just want to get
me in bed again."

	"I must confess Childe, guilty as charged."

	"Elder, just because I am looking for a new pet, doesn't mean that I won't
sleep the day with you.  I don't dare risk letting any one I take tonight spend
the day with us when we are sleeping.  Now once Jessy comes, and works on them a
little, I am going to have to lock them in a bedroom while we sleep."

	"You sound more and more like your father everyday."

	"Who sounds like his mother, who sounds like her mother, who sounds like
you.  I am fairly sure that that is how it works, right?"  She kissed his cheek,
rubbing the smear of lipstick from his face.  "Okay, can we go now?  I'm so
excited I'm about to burst."

		*	*	*

	The place didn't look much like she remembered it looking.  If anything it
looked even more dark and sinister.  "Oh, wow."  Kris stepped from Anise's small
hover shuttle.  Taking his arm as they both walked to the door.

	The man at the door, just looked past them as they entered.  Not seeing
them. Or seeing them, but the sight not registering in him.

	The almost overwhelming scent of blood, pain and fear hit them both as the
door opened.  Kris had to dig her nails into Anise's arm as she fought for
control.  "Maybe I should have eaten before coming here."  She whispered to him. 
As she looked around the room.  Seeing more than any mortal alive could see. 
The pain, fear and despair were almost as visible as the many naked, men and
women, who walked around her.

	"Not bad, a little dated, but you carry it well my dear."  A soft voice from
one side.  Kris looked up at a tall woman, in a dress, a lot like the one she
was wearing, but it was much looser and had no sleeves.  "Hello, I am Diane.  I
am the Mistress of Differently Pleasured.  And I know what you both are, Aaron
will be pleased to hear that you are back in town."

	'So that is how it was done'.  Kris shook the woman's hand.  "I haven't seen
Aaron in a while.  Just as soon as Jessy comes with out pets, I am going to have
to ask you master to please come over and mark our new pets."  This place had
been kept within the family for so long.  She smiled it actually made a lot of
sense.  When they had first learned the rules to the care and feeding of
mortals, It was highly encouraged that the pets that were best suited to their
life, were those who were already submissives, and slaves at heart.

	"Would probably do him a world of good.  After Maggy died, he started to
mope around a lot.  It took me everything I could muster to get him to step in
and keep this club from turning into some disgrace to your pet that first opened
it."

	"I couldn't believe it when I got back in just before dawn this morning and
heard your commercial on the radio.  I had thought surely by now, this place
would be just a fond memory.  But, it's, here in all it's delightful shameless,
decadence."

	Diane smiled at her.  Yes it is that.  Please, Kris, is that your name?"

	"Yes, and please, you don't belong to me, and Aaron and I go way back, so if
you would, just call me it."

	"Thank you, I have a reputation to keep up here, and I worry about confusing
the many little ones we have here if they heard me calling you mistress.

	Kris only laughed at this.  "Oh, before I forget.  Diane, I would like to
introduce you to my great-great grandfather, Anise.  Anise, this is one of
Aaron's girl's."

	Diane looked at him, with the beginnings of real fear in her eyes. 
"Master."  She went to her knees at once.  It was one thing to be friendly with
Kris, her master knew her well, had helped Maggy tattoo many of the pets that
came from and because of her.  But the other, he was older than her master was. 
A, true Elder, Aaron had warned her many times of the touchiness of his kind
once they reach the age that this one was.

	"Get up girl.  I am not your master, Aaron is.  You have no reason to fear
me.  I would never take you from your master."  He held out a hand to her.

	She took it, coming to her feet slowly.  "You are most kind, sir.  So what
is it that I can offer the two of you?"

	"Is it really true that you have mortals for sell here?  The ban was lifted
just a couple of days ago, and already, my father has a new Childe, my brother. 
And with as often as he is going to feed for a while, I was looking to collect a
few more for the house to have for when they make it here."

	"Yes, it is really true.  Look around.  Those that are naked and without a
collar are the ones that are offering themselves to whichever master or mistress
is willing to take them.  Those with the gold collar's belong to my master, and
know what is expected of them if you look at one of them."  She gave Kris a
sharp look.  "Are you hungry?"

	"Yes and no.  Yes I am hungry, but no, I will not feed from one of Aaron's
pets.  So, do I just walk around, or what?"

	"No, if you would please come over here with me, I will call them together
so you can have a look at what there is here tonight."

	Kris was about to thank her when a wall of terror and pain hit her.  "What
the fuck?"  She spun as a young girl, screaming, struggled to get away from the
woman who was trying to take hold of her small and badly scared breasts. 

	"Please, mercy, Mistress, don't do that to me again.  I'll be good, please." 

	The taller woman, who was dressed in a classic, but tired Dominatrix outfit. 
"Got up girl.  Or I am going to do far worse to you than what I have planned."

	Diane moved at once to step in.  "Donna, I have asked you many times, that
if you are going to abuse your slave, then do so at home.  Your idea of
amusement is a little much, even for 'Differently Pleasured'."

	"I am trying my best to get this stupid girl to obey, but as you can see, I
have no option but punish her severely and often."

	"Please Mistress," the girl looked to Diane for mercy.  "My mistress she is
going to cut me again."  Her little hands covered her breasts protectively.

	Kris watched on, anger rising in her blood.  "What is the deal here, Diane?" 
She stepped forward, allowing the woman to see her for the first time.

	"Mind your own business girl.  God I hate little girls that come in here
that just play at what I am."

	Kris moved forward shoving the woman back.  "Playing, honey you have no clue
what you are talking about, or doing, if all you can think of is to abuse your
slave like you so obviously have."

	The woman rose to her feet again where Kris had pushed her to the floor. 
"This slave is mine girl.  Her body, her life and if I decide, her death is mine
as well."

	"No."  Diane moved to place herself between Kris and Donna.  "Her life may
belong to you.  But you know the law.  You kill her, and you are forever banned
from another."

	"I am not going to kill the little chit.  What sport would there be in
that?"

	"Please, Mistress."  The girl threw, herself, at Kris's feet. "She is going
to cut me again."

	"Again, she's cut you before?"  Kris knelt to see what the girl was trying
to protect.

	Both nipples were a mass of scar tissue.  From where they had been cut off
and sewn back on several times.  "Good Gods," she looked up at the woman. 
"Sport, you call this sport?  What rational woman would do this to another?" 
Kris stroked the girl's hair as she clung to her weeping.

	"Don't let her fool you, she loves it, that is what has her so upset, she is
afraid of what she is willing to do for me once I get her going.  The last time
I cut her, she came three times while I was sewing them back on."  The woman
sneered at the girl who clung to Kris.  "Isn't that true, girl?  Tell the silly
wanna be Mistress, how much you love it when I make you bleed."

	The girl just sobbed even harder as she pressed herself against Kris.
"Forgive me Mistress, but I, I can't help myself.  I don't mean to be like that,
but when she is right, when I get going, I can't stop."

	"It's not your fault, honey."  Kris looked from the girl that lay in her
arms to the woman.  "You are no more fit to own another than a damn monkey.  I
am not just some wanna be like you accused me of being.  I am a whole hell of a
lot older than I look, and have been keeping pets for a long time.  My father
and I both have, and let me tell you this.  Never, do you hear me, never in all
the time that we have kept and loved them.  Have either of us, pushed their
limits past what any sane person would."

	She just shrugged.  "What ever.  Now come on girl.  You have made enough of
a scene tonight."  She reached for her.  "By the time I finish punishing you,
you will be begging for it."

	"'NO'!"  The girl curled up into a ball on the floor, arms going to cover
her breasts and sex again.

	A flurry of activity as Kris grabbed the frightened girl, pulling her close. 
As Diane moved to grab Donna's arm.  "Get out.  You're no longer welcome here. 
I sold you that child, and I find you to be unfit to see to her.  So get out."

	"You might rule this place, but she is mine.  I became the sole owner of her
when I paid that ridiculous price you wanted for her."

	*Childe, if you can get the poor thing to trust me long enough to allow me
to protect her while you tend to the foolish woman.  I will see to it that she
has nothing to fear. *  Anise's mind touched Kris's.

	*Thank you Anise. *  Kris lifted the girl's face to smile down into her
frightened gray eyes.  'Jessy is going to lose himself in these pretty eyes'. 
She thought to herself.  "What is you name dear?"

	"I don't have one, Mistress.  My mistress calls me girl, bitch, and chit."

	"Surely you had to have had a name once."  Kris projected warmth and
protective comfort.

	"Vicky, Mistress."  Her trembling began to ease under Kris's power. 

	"Vicky, that's a pretty name little one.  Well Vicky, I came with a friend. 
He is just behind me.  He is just as much a master as I am a mistress.  Will you
let him hold you?  I promise that you will not be hurt."  She stroked the girl's
hair as the child cried.

	"My Mistress, she is going to kill me."  She looked back at the angry woman.

	"No, Vicky, she won't.  How much did she pay for you?"

	"More than you can afford."  The woman snapped reaching for Vicky again. 
"Don't worry your little head girl.  I have no plans to kill the little chit. 
Though by the time I am finished with her, she might wish I had."

	Kris's laughter, was, joined by both Anise's and Diane's.  "More than I can
afford?  Woman do you have any clue what I am worth?  I am the major stockholder
of many of the most powerful corporations in the US.  I have more money in more
accounts than I can easily count.  Have properties all over the States and three
in Europe and Wale's.  I could buy the club and every slave in it, without
touching my true worth.  Now, how much do you want for her?"

	"She paid me five thousand for her Kris.  But with as damaged as the girl
is, You really shouldn't have to pay her more than five hundred.  It is going to
take you years to undo what that stupid woman did to the girl."  Diane didn't
like this woman.  Ever since she had bought Vicky, she had rapidly become more
and more abusive, and power mad.  To think, she was actually willing to dance
with the danger that she was in angering not only one of her master's people,
but two.  And one of them an Elder that was so very old.

	"No, it isn't Vicky's fault that this bitch did to her what she did.  I will
not let her be devalued."  She looked up at the woman.  "I will not let her fell
like she is less because of what you did to her.  So I will pay you double what
you paid for her.  And Donna, if I were you, I would take the money and walk out
of her with your dignity intact.  If I have to push the point with you, I will
see to it that you are made out to look like the fool you really are."  She
stood up, gently pulling Vicky up, and helping her to go into Anise's arms.  "I
have been out of town for a long time.  But you don't want to mess with me.  I
have pull in some of the damnedest places.  Mess with me, and by the time I am
finished with you, you will be ruined."  Kris wasn't the same girl that had
started her life with Jessy so long ago.  Having him as her father had helped
her to grow in ways that no one would ever imagine.  She reached into her bag
and pulled out a card, handing it to Diane.  "Would you kindly transfer ten
thousand from my account to hers?"

	The woman looked at Kris and then at Diane.  "You can't force me to sell my
slave to you."

	Kris stepped close to her.  "Wanna bet?"  Her will came down on her.  "Take
the money, and crawl back into what ever hell hole that you crawled out of
before I hurt you."  Her voice was nothing but the barest of whispers.  No one
could hear her other than, those she wanted to hear her.  "I would teach you a
lesson that you would never forget, but I don't have time.  For now, I am going
to take Vicky home and see what I can do about seeing to it that she has a
chance to heal."  She waited for Diane to return her card.   "Thank you Diane." 
She tucked it away again, before looking up at Donna.  "Now leave.  I have
nothing to say to you at this moment.  But you 'will' " her will came down,
hard, on the mortal.  "Return night after night, until such time as I do have
time to deal with you.  I warned you, when I told you that you didn't want to
mess with me, but silly bitch, you chose not to listen."

	Vicky that Anise had been holding back moved to Kris as the woman who had
hurt her so much walked away, looking lost and frightened.  "Mistress?"

	"Idiots like that make me crazed."  Kris began to growl.  "What the hell did
she think she was doing?  No one has the right to do to another what she did to
Vicky."

	Diane nodded.  "We don't get many like her, and she didn't used to be that
bad.  If I had known that she was going to turn into such an abusive sadistical
bitch, I would have never allowed her to buy your new slave.  Now that that is
taken care of, do you wish to see any more, or do you think the one is going to
be enough for you at this time?"

	Kris cupped Vicky's face in her hand.  "How are you dear?  I came in to see
if I could collect a few for my family.  But if I need to take you and go, I
will.  She is gone, and I will never do more than just test your limits."

	"I belong to you now Mistress.  What does it matter what I think?"

	"Because I am not that insane bitch I just bought you from.  I know that
there is no sin in being a sadist.  Hell, I am one.  But to take one like, you,
who can't help themselves when they are pushed past a certain point and not back
away.  No, I don't know if these rules still apply, but I was always taught the
two by-laws of this were safe and sane.  And taking a masochist to the point
that they no longer can think is neither.  That is what a safe word is for.  Now
I'm going to ask you again.  Do I need to take you and just go home and start
seeing to it that I can walk you through what you have been through, or are you
going to be okay for a little longer?"  *Damn that fucking bitch, I am going to
see to it that sooner or later, I get around to making her pay, for a very long
time.  There was no excuse for what she did to this girl.  Look at the child's
nipples, it is going to take me feeding her from me more than just once to start
to make the scarring go away. *

	*I do not to intrude upon you Mistress.  But, if the little one is as
frightened as I think she is, I will see what I can do about seeing to it that
there are many to choose from when you return again. *

	*Give her a minute, Diane.  I really want to see what I can do about getting
at least one maybe two more before I head home.  But you are right, if she
really is as upset as I am afraid she is.  Then I will take her home.  I can
always feed from Anise again, if she isn't able to tend to all my needs yet. *

	Vicky looked at Kris.  "You won't let her touch me again, will you
Mistress?"  She reached out and took Kris's hand, pressing her cheek to it. 
"Please, forgive me.  But she, I couldn't help myself."

	"Your new Mistress, will never let that mad woman touch you again, child. 
There is no more need for you to feel fear."  Anise lay a hand on Vicky's
shoulder.

	Vicky kissed the hand she held.  "Thank you, you are a kind mistress.  I
will be fine."  She moaned low as the hand that she had been holding cupped her
right breast, stroking it lightly.

	"Will it frighten you, baby, if I ask Anise to sit and hold you for just a
little longer.  He is like me, he would have never done to you what your old
mistress did."

	Vicky looked back at Anise.  "Will the master touch me Mistress?"

	Kris chuckled.  "Probably, but remember he is with me, when I take you to my
home, I plan on sharing you with him anyway, so it is better, don't you think,
that you get used to a man's touch now instead of later?"  She looked up at the
Elder.  "I shouldn't be too much longer, then we can take her, and anyone that I
choose home and start to see what we can do about teaching them what it really
means to be a slave to someone who actually knows what they are doing."

	Anise gathered Vicky to him.  "Take you time my dear.  I am sure that she
and I will be just fine."

	Kris squeezed Vicky's breast once more before turning to see to what she had
originally came here to do.  Buy a few slaves.  "Okay, Diane, where were we
before that crazy bitch got in the way?"

	The mortal smiled at her.  "I was about to warn you that this is a rather
slow night, so you might not get quite the choice of pets as you would on a
weekend.  But there are some that are un-collared.  If you will only follow me,
I will see to alerting them that there is a buyer in the club."

	"Wonderful, so let me get a look at what is here."  She followed Diane into
the actual darkened club, heading for the bar.

	Kris stopped a whimper of pain from her as she set eyes on a painting that
Ryan had done for Bobby so long ago.  This was one of only five painting that he
had done, that had a title.  'All In The Name Of Love'. Was across the bottom of
the painting.  And the scene was so painfully familiar that it made Kris want to
weep.  How many times had she watched on as Jessy had taken Bobby to the point
that he was captured forever in the painting. 

	"Aaron tells me that that is a portrait of the original owner of this club
and his master.  I have always loved it."  Diane smiled at the painting.

	"I want that painting.  I lost the creator of it last night.  My father had
to keep his promise to Ryan and set him free when he had reached the point that
our blood couldn't keep mortality from hurting him anymore.  I don't care how
much Aaron asks I will pay it.  Even if I can't bear to look at it right now.  I
am home, and I have to have it."

	Diane nodded.  "Let me call the ones that are here to offer themselves for
purchase, and then I will go and call my master."  She whispered to Kris,
reaching for the button for the slave call bell.

	At the sound of the bell, there was a flurry as young naked mortals hurried
to where she stood.  "There you have it.  As I said, this is a slow night.  But
with any luck you can find more than just that poor thing you saved from Donna." 
She slipped away.

	Kris looked over the six that knelt there.  Only two boys and one of the two
were chained to one of the girls by the rings in their nipples.  "So, how many
of you are willing to offer yourself to me?"  She reached down and touched one,
the boy that knelt before her.  "How about you, pretty boy?  Does the prospect
of having a home and a mistress and two master's interest you?"  She lifted his
chin to look down into hi face.  "You are very pretty, dear.  What is your
name?"

	The boy that she was talking to looked up into her eyes.  "Jamie, if it
pleases you Mistress." 

	He wasn't a small boy, nothing like Ryan had been, nor was he as powerfully
built as Jake had been.  But he was pleasant to look at.  Dark auburn red hair,
and dark, but clear green eyes.  She knew that Jessy would just love this one as
much as he would love Vicky that she had just bought.  "So, Jamie, you never
answered my question.  Will you be afraid if I bought you?  Knowing that it is
not just I who you will answer to but two other masters as well?"

	Jamie looked troubled for a moment.  Did he mind the thought of her as his
mistress? No, of course not, but the thought of having to submit to a man, even,
worse two of them.  But he only had a few more days before the state would come
and take him to one of the forced labor camps, where he would have to work ten
to twelve hours a day.  "If you think I could please you Mistress, I will submit
to you, and any master you give me too."  He would not beg. Would not cry.  He
had made this decision just short of six months ago, and better to be a slave to
one or two, even three, than to be nothing but one of the slaves that worked for
the state.  To be fed, housed and denied anything but the threat of rape from
his keepers.  He would rather be a slave to a few than many.  Even if, that,
included having to suffer for them.

	"Go on over there and kneel pretty boy.  Let me see what else I can find. 
And don't be afraid Jamie, I am not known to abuse those in my keeping."  She
stroked his hair before looking up at the others that were kneeling there,
watching her.  She looked over them all, touching each mind lightly before
deciding to move on.  She wanted easy to handle pets, not ones that she would
have to make a habit of punishing.  It was one thing to play the games that
those like the little girl she had just saved loved.  But, to have to punish
them, no.  She usually left the uglier duties of maintaining discipline to her
father.

	Her eyes stopped on the two, the boy and girl that were chained together. 
"And what have we here?"

	"Twins."  Diane returned.  "I spoke to Aaron, he say's that you may have it,
and he mourns your loss."

	"Make sure you extend my gratitude to Aaron when you make it home tonight. 
Now why are they chained together like that?"

	"So that where one goes, they are hoping that so will the other.  I went by
the state holding to see if there were any who would rather serve as slave to
us, than go into a labor camp.  I think their stepfather had hoped that they
would be well gone by now.  But as you can see, selling them as a pair isn't
easy.  I have had plenty of offers for one or the other, but none that would
accept both."

	"Why not?  They are adorable.  Look at that hair, those eyes, the girl has
such a sweet figure, and the boy, now he is what I call hung."

	"Yes, but they are both virgins, and the going rate for a virgin is ten
thousand.  And many can afford one, but not both.  Though in this day and age,
how they got to be the age they are, looking the way they do and still remain
untouched is beyond me."

	Kris looked at the two closely.  *Diane, how old were you told these two
were? *

	*If I am not mistaken Mistress, twenty.  I go about once a week and go
through the new selection, and aim for those between the ages of eighteen and
twenty-five. *

	*I have been out of the states for a long time.  When I was here last, this
wasn't happening.  So tell me, what are the age requirements for those that is
either slave here or in the state work camps? *

	*For those that are forced in, it is twenty, but there are many who, now
that this is the way of things offer themselves.  Jobs are very hard to come by
Mistress, and many of the younger ones, would rather volunteer than be bound and
dragged when they have been unable to find work for a year.  Why, how old are
they? *

	*Seventeen, and just barely that.  I will do your master a favor seeing as
he has been so wonderful about the painting, and take them off your hands, gods
only know what would happen if their real age gets out. *  She reached down to
take the boys hand, motioning him to stand, his sister following.  "And what is
your name, dear?"

	"Carry, Mistress.  This is my sister, Tammy."  He was trembling.  "If it
pleases you."

	"You both are very lovely.  If I offered to take you home with me, like I
did Jamie, do you think that you would be able to come without fear?"  She
touched the chain that linked the two together.  "Mistress Diane tells me you
both are virgins, is that so?"

	"Yes, Mistress.  That was why my stepfather sold us.  He didn't want
anything to do with me, and I wouldn't let him touch my sister."  He looked
down.  "So he drugged us, and sold us to the slavers before we could do anything
to stop him."

	"And how was it that you came to be here?"

	"Mistress Diane, she came into the holding area where we were being kept
with a lot of others, and offered us a different option."

	"Who pierced you child?  And who set it up that you were offered as a pair
instead of single?"

	"It was my idea."  The girl's voice was soft.  "Dennis is my twin, had kept
my stepfather away from me.  I don't want to lose him Mistress."  She began to
cry softly.  "Please Mistress, don't take him away from me.  I will go, even if
that means I have to do anything to keep him."

	"Well, I think I have done rather good for one night Diane.  Two boys and"
She looked at Denise smiling, "two girl's.  So what is my bill for my shopping
trip going to run me?"

	"Jamie's cost if five thousand.  And the twins are ten each.  That comes to
twenty-five hundred.  Shall I get them all cloaks, or do you plan to take them
out like they are now and exposed?"

	"Could you please loan me a cloak for Vicky as well, the girl has been
through enough tonight without the added humiliation of being taken out as she
is right now."

	Diane went to first get the needed cloaks before she went behind the bar
again to retrieve the key to the small pad locks that had been used to connect
the chain to the twins.  Carefully taking down the painting that Ryan had done
so long ago, to bring it with the key to Kris.

	Anise looked up from where he had been amusing himself with Vicky, listening
to the girl moan as his fingers rubbed between her legs, occasionally tugging of
the ring there.  "So, I see you have been busy."

	"Aren't they sweet looking.  I never realized when I came out tonight
looking for a few for the house that I would luck into so many, trained pets. 
Nor did I think it was going to cost me what it did.  She was ten, Jamie here
was five and those two, the twins, were ten each.  Virgin's cost more it would
appear."  She held up the painting Ryan had done so long ago.  "And you will
never believe what has lasted the years.  I know it was probably a very popular
painting here, but I had to have it back.  Anything of Ryan's I can get back, I
will buy or steal."

	"Your father used to tell me about that painting.  He will be happy to see
it again."

	"Well, I'm done here, unless you want to look at the others that are still
here, I am ready to go home."

	"Well then my dear, let's go."  He eased Vicky off his lap.  Taking the
cloak Kris offered to wrap around her.  "You do know that even though this sweet
one that you saved is no virgin to women, she has never been with a man.  Jessy
is going to have so much fun with her, I do think I am more than just a little
envious."

	"So, Melody will have a close friend when she finally makes it in with the
others.  I am happy for her.  Now if we can only come up with three more, I will
have seen to it that none of those in my house, when they are not with Jessy,
Nick or I sleep alone."




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 5



	The ride home was quiet.  The new four just sat there, not speaking.  The
only one of them that had ever been a slave, to an owner, was Vicky.  And she
wasn't ready to risk irritating her new mistress, by saying anything.  Anise had
to reach over more than once to lay a supportive hand on Kris as she struggled
with the stench of fear that filled his hover shuttle.  He was worried.  Perhaps
his young kinswoman had bitten off more than she could chew at the moment. 
*Hold on Childe.  Soon enough I will help you with them, just a few more
minutes. *

	*I know, I keep telling myself that, but I am so damn hungry, and the smell
of fear and blood is about to drive me mad. *

	*So you have any plans for them, other than to feed? *

	*I haven't decided as of yet.  Jamie I don't think is going to be that much
of a problem.  Even though he has never let a man touch him, he is far from
innocent.  But the other two, I am going to blood bond them to me, and see what
kind of shape they are in once I do.  I was a virgin when Marcus killed me.  And
I have never dealt with a boy that was, so it is going to be interesting.  But
Tammy, I want to save her for my father and brother.  And Vicky, well you were
with her for a little while tonight.  Do you think she will welcome you? *

	*After feeding, I do not think any of these children will think twice.  But
how are you going to handle the little present you have for your father?  She is
going to be blood bonded to you, and if you do that, and do not show her some
attention, she is going to feel very much singled out. *

	*I didn't say I wasn't going to give her any attention, only letting you
know if it were okay with you, I would really rather her first man be Jessy. 
Trust me, Elder, I have many plans for those four, back there. *

	The rest of the ride home was peaceful.  Kris sat by Anise, gripping his
hand, as he offered her the strength to keep herself together.  But she was
never so happy to see the little house that she had once and now did again, call
home, in her life.

	"Okay, kids, we're home."  Kris slipped out of the seat, waiting for the
four to follow her. 

	The four followed her, quietly.  Too confused, or, afraid to do anything
but.  Vicky was the only one of the four that had ever lived as property of
someone else for anytime.  And her old mistress had, been of the ilk that had
her almost more frightened than the other three that were now sharing her new
life.

	Kris stepped up close to her, bending in to whisper.  "It's okay honey.  No
matter what is said tonight, keep in mind, I haven't hurt you."

	"Yes Mistress."  She looked down as Kris took her hand and led her the other
three behind her into the house.  Then down into the living area.

	"I know this place looks a but dusty, but I just got back in town yesterday,
and haven't had time to see it be taken care of.  That is one of the reasons why
I needed to go out and get the four of you.  I haven't been in this house in
over a hundred years."  She stopped waiting for their reaction.

	Her wait wasn't long.  All four of them looked at her like she was crazy. 
She couldn't really mean what she had just said.  It had to be a figure of
speech.  She didn't look much older than the twins did, and most certainly no
older the Jamie.  "A hundred years, Mistress?"  Vicky braved her notice.

	Kris took her other hand.  "Now I want you to listen to me.  Please remember
all of you.  I might be your mistress, but I have never hurt any of those that
Jessy and I owned, ever."  She knew how they would react to what she was about
to tell them.  "I am, a vampire."  There she had said it.  She looked to Anise,
just to see if he was close enough to help her when the four she had lost it. 
*You there Elder, in case I can't keep them in line? *

	*Yes Childe, I am here.  But I am really not worried about you.  So far you
have done well with them. *

	The four that stood there looked at her, with looks of shock and confusion
on their faces.  She couldn't have said what they thought she said.  'Vampire',
their new mistress, was telling them all she was a vampire.

	Denise buried her face against her brother's chest.  "She's going to kill
us."  She began to cry. 

	Kris just held onto Vicky's hands as the girl tried to pull back, a
protesting cry escaping from her lips. "No, Denise.  I'm not going to kill you,
or at least not for a long time.  Eventually either my father or I will have
too.  Either kill you or make you one of his children, like he made me and, my,
little brother.  But that won't happen for a good hundred and seventy to hundred
and ninety years or so.  We need you all as pets, feeders so we don't have to
hunt."  She was going to have to do something that she was still not too
terribly good at, and see if she could hold them still and silent long enough
for her to explain things to them.  "Now, I want you all to listen to me."  She
reached out and captured their attention.  Holding it to her, by her will alone. 
She was pulling it off so well, but she could still feel Anise's quiet force
supporting her.  Being there, just incase she faltered.  "Okay.  Yes, I am a
vampire.  Vampire's are real and exist in the world.  But I do not want to hurt
any of you.  So if you will listen to me and agree to all of this without a
fight, I won't have to. But if you don't accept this willingly, I don't know if
I can take your will. Jessy could at my age, but I have never had a reason to
try.  I will not only feed from you, but also share my blood with you.  Our
blood offers many things.  Strength, youth, health, you will look just like you
do right now for a very long time.  When I first come to live with my father,
who was only my cousin at that time, the keeping of mortals as pets and feeders
was still a very new thing.  But now, it's gotten to the point that we pretty
much know what to expect with them all.  Randy, was Jessy's first pet.  He lived
with him for, a, little over a hundred and eighty-two years.  We had to take
more.  The seven we have now, just won't be enough.  Not with the fact that Nick
is a newborn."  She looked deep into the frightened gray eyes of the young
mortal whose hands she held.  "Vicky, are you listening to me?  I would really
rather you give yourself to me willingly.  I have had to help Jessy, in the
past, walk four of our pets through having their wills taken."  She released her
left hand to reach up and stroke her cheek.  "Now I am going to let you go, so
we can have a talk.  So tell me honey, are you going to go into this willingly,
or am I going to have to take your will from you for a little while and ease you
into your new life that way?"  A solid wave of terror hit her from Vicky.  So
strong and forceful that it almost knocked her back a step.  "Ssshh, Vicky.  No
one is going to hurt you little one.  I know the thought of anyone taking your
will is frightening.  That is why I trying to get you to say yes, so I won't
have to.  But if I have to, it's okay.  No one and nothing is going to be
allowed to hurt you, any of you, while your mind wanders."  She let her hold on,
Vicky drop.  "Now, honey, will you give yourself to me willingly?  Or would it
be easier on you to just let me take over and help you that way?  You can talk
again, little one."

	Vicky looked at her, bottom lip trembling.  "Mistress, what do you want me
to say?"  Her eyes filled with tears.  "You already own me, my life is yours. 
But, now," she looked down.  "I am nothing, just a slave.  If you mean to kill
me Mistress, and it pleases you to do so.  Then, it is your choice."  She looked
up, fighting her fear.  "But please, Mistress, if you mean to kill me.  Please,
just, do it.  Don't use my weakness against me."

	Kris cupped Vicky's chin, smiling at her.  "I'm not going to kill you baby. 
I didn't save you from that psychotic bitch, just to kill you.  Now, just close
you eyes, sweetie.  I promise, it only hurts for just a fraction of a second,
and then, well, you'll find out soon enough."  She gently turned her head,
exposing her throat.  Leaning in to kiss her skin lightly, before letting her
fangs sink into it.

	Vicky made a brief, almost cry as the pain of the bite lanced through her,
but the pain was so very brief, and then.  She cried softly, pressing herself
against Kris as her vampire mistress fed from her.

	Kris knew that she couldn't feed as much as she would like from this mortal,
she was as of yet unbound.  "There you go, love.  See, told you, I wasn't going
to hurt you.  I am not going to hurt any of you."  She kissed the wounds as they
closed.  "Well, I guess, I could hurt you, just a little.  After all that is
what got you into all of this, wasn't it?"  She pushed the cloak off Vicky's
body, leaning forward to kiss her shoulder.

	Vicky leaned forward, moaning as she felt her mistresses hands begin to roam
over her body.  Her breasts, tugging at the rings in her nipples lightly, before
a cool, strong hand traveled down her body to brush her bush.  Gently parting
the lips, to seek her hidden secrets.  Kris's hand increased pressure, slightly
as she began to stroke her.  "Are you ready now, sweetie?"

	"Ready, Mistress?"  She stood, there, against her.  Trembling, half in fear,
half in want. 

	Kris smiled at the younger woman, lifting her hand from where it had been,
teasing her, chuckling at the blood on her fingers.  "Oh, my.  Now this is a new
treat."  She licked her fingers, tasting the sweetness there.  "What are the
odds that this night, of all nights, you would start your cycle?  If I didn't
know better, I would think you were teasing me."  She lowered here hand again,
heedless of the blood, or perhaps seeking it out.  She had been with Jessy for
near two hundred years, and this was the first time she had ever came across
this wondrous happenstance.  To think, she could have fed, at or at least
snacked on this girl, without ever frightening her.  She chuckled as she brought
her finger back up, stained with blood.  "Open your mouth, Vicky."  She waited
for the girl to obey, before offering her the blood stained finger.  "Taste
yourself.  See how sweet you are."  She made soft tisking noises, as Vicky
closed her eyes, a single tear rolling down her cheek as she sucked on her
finger, ashamed at the thrill she was feeling at being ordered to suck her own
menstrual blood from Kris's finger.  "Tell you what, sweet heart.  Why don't you
stand over there, and continue to amuse yourself, while I tend to the others." 
She took the girls hand in hers, directing it to her own sex.  "But remember
this, little one.  I wand you to cum, and every time you do, you have to lick
your own fingers clean, and start again."  She brushed her lips against the
girls, before leaning to press her lips against her ear

.  "And I want you to cum, and cum at least three times.  You can do that for
me, can't you?"

	Vicky began to cry.  "Please, Mistress don't do this to me.  You know I
will, I have to, but please.  Don't use my weakness against me."

	Kris cupped her chin, looking down into her face.  "Hush, I will do this,
and you will love it.  Trust me, sugar, by the time I get back to you, you will
be more than just willing to obey me, after seeing what I offer the rest, you
will beg for it."  *Elder, can you come and help her?  You really should taste
her.  It is as sweet if not sweeter than what I just took from her. *

	*You honestly have never tasted a woman's flow before?  I thought for sure,
with as many of them as you and my great grandson have gathered, you would have
had this chance at least once. *

	*If Jessy has, he never told me about it.  And if that is the case, I am
going to be just a little put out by him.  She tastes wonderful. *  Kris
carefully pushed Vicky back towards Anise.  "Relax, honey, you know Anise.  Did
he hurt you earlier?"

	Vicky was in tears.  "No, Mistress."

	"Then you believe that he won't hurt you now, right?  Or at least no more
than I allow."  She smiled at Anise as she turned to address the other three. 
"See, I didn't hurt her, and she is of the kind that likes to be hurt, no matter
how much she protests.  So trust me, if I didn't hurt her, I won't hurt any of
you."  She stepped closer to Jamie.  "Drop your cloak, pretty boy."

	"Are you going to do to me, what you did to her?"

	Kris just laughed at him.  "Yes, and no, Jamie.  Do I plan to feed from you,
and bond you to me, yes, but am I going to have you stand to one side while I
tend to the others, and play with yourself, no.  It would be pretty hard for me
to have you do what Vicky is doing.  You are a boy, and unless things have
seriously changed over night.  You don't have a period to deal with."

	"Is it going to hurt Mistress?  Please, I'll do it, you know I will, but if
it is going to hurt, please tell me so I know what to expect."

	Kris turned her back to him.  "Would you unzip me Jamie.  And no, or at
least not really.  The pain is brief, just a flash, and then it is," she just
smiled as she began to undress.  "Baby, there aren't words for what it is like. 
And when I bind you, by blood to me.  That is even better.  Trust me Jamie.  All
your fears are about to leave you."  She let her dress fall to the floor as she
pulled him close.  "Close your eyes, pretty boy.  Trust me.  I am about to make
your darkest fantasies come true."

	Jamie cried out once, but only for a second, as Kris's fang's found his
throat.  And then, he had never dreamed anything could feel like this.  He
pressed himself even closer to her, opening to her touch as she fed from him. 
She was right, he wasn't afraid anymore, or at least not of her.  His fears were
of a different sort all together.  He was terrified that she would pull back
now, and never allow him to feel this again.

	Kris shushed him as he cried out in protest as she stepped back.  "Come with
me, pretty boy, I have something even better for you."  She led him by the hand
to the table where a knife lay.  "Okay, baby, you ready to be mine forever?"

	"Yours forever?"  He moaned.  Yes he wanted to be hers forever.  To feel,
what, he had just felt again and again, for the rest of his life.  Yes, he
wanted to be hers forever.  "Please, Mistress."

	Kris lifted the blade to her throat, cutting deep into her jugular.  "Then
drink Jamie.  Drink and say goodbye to normal life."  She pulled his head to the
wound.  "Drink baby.  Be mine."

	The desire he had felt as she fed from him multiplied ten-fold, as her blood
passed his lips, and he almost lost consciousness.  He wrapped his arms around
her shoulder.  Holding on he tried to keep the blood flowing.  But it was just a
sip or two, maybe three before the wound closed.  "No, please no."  He sobbed
against her.

	She cupped his face in her hands.  "You are mine pretty boy." She kissed him
softly.  "Now sweet heart.  You go stand over there, with Anise and Vicky.  I'll
be back soon enough.  But I still have to see to the twins."

	Jamie held on to her.  "Please, Mistress, again."

	She just smiled.  "Soon, baby.  But first, I have a few things left to take
care of. But I promise this, I want you as much as you want me, and I will take
you tonight."  She pulled him close, holding him tight.  "Now, pretty boy, go
on, I am sure that Anise and Vicky will give you something to do."

	"Yes Mistress," Jamie stepped back, so full of want, but afraid as well. 
His mistress had ordered him to submit to a man, the first man that he had ever
bent for.



	Kris stepped towards the two that were still watching her with so much fear. 
"Hello, dear one's.  How are the two of you holding up?"

	Dennis pulled his sister down as she came close.  "Fine Mistress, if that
pleases you."

	Kris growled low.  "Come on you two, get up.  I don't do the kneeling and
groveling bit real well."  She looked back to where Anise was keeping Vicky
busy.  "Or should I say, if it isn't your way, I don't need it.  Vicky, yes,
hell if I don't miss my mark, Jamie might end up being as amusing.  But you two,
no.  I know how old you are, and I know how wrong what was done to both of you
was.  And I promise this, if you will only trust me.  Once my father and brother
get here, we will see about teaching that sick fuck a lesson he won't ever
forget."

	Dennis and Denise came up a mixture of fear and hope in their eyes.  "You
mean that Mistress?  You will make our stepfather pay for what he did to us, and
what he tried to do to Tammy?"  Dennis held his sister close.

	"If you had only told Diane what was done to you, she could have told her
master, and trust me.  Aaron might be a lot bit homophobic.  But he is no more
likely to put up with the abuse that I have picked up from your mind, than Jessy
or I am."  She stroked Tammy's cheek.  "So tell me honey, why didn't you tell
anyone what was done to you?  You both are just barely seventeen.  If you had
been brave enough to trust her with you story, Aaron would have, I am sure,
taken you both as his, and he would have seen to it that your stepfather was
made to hate life for the wrongs he did to both of you.  Slaves you might have
still been, but pampered and cared for."

	Denise looked at her in shock.  "The mistress Diane is a slave too?  But she
owns the club, selects all the slaves that are sold there.  How can she be a
slave too?"

	"Aaron owns the club.  She merely operates it.  And there are slaves, and
then there are slaves.  She is like one of ours and a bit of a sadist in her own
way.  I had no clue that the club that been kept in the family, so to speak. 
But when you think about it, there really isn't surprising, nor is it a shock
for his pet to run the place.  Now, before I take this any farther, tell me. 
Why did you keep your age and what was done to you a secret?"

	Dennis looked at her, a fierce protectiveness in his eyes.  "I would rather
be a slave else where, that stay at home.  He drugged us Mistress.  If he could
do that to sell us, he could have drugged me and, then, hurt my sister.  I won't
go back, better to be a slave than go back."  His eyes dropped.  It wasn't his
mistress's fault what had been done to them.  "I'm sorry Mistress.  Please, if
you feel that someone needs to be punished for this deceit, please let it be I. 
Please, don't hurt my sister."

	Kris just chuckled softly reaching up to stroke his cheek.  "I'm not going
to punish you, sweetie.  Trust me, I can understand why you did that.  How were
you to know that Diane was as much a pet to one of my race as, you, are.  Hell,
before tonight, you probably didn't believe in vampires.  Let it go.  Now, you
remember what I said to Vicky?  Are the two of you going to go into this
willingly, or am I going to have to help you make the transition?"

	Denise turned her head, offering her throat.  "I won't fight Mistress.  Just
please don't hurt my brother."  She tried not to flinch as Kris pulled her
close.  "Please Mistress, I'm begging you."

	Kris pulled back, reaching to touch Denise's breast.  *Elder, I think I have
a problem here. *

	*What can I do for you Childe? *

	*Denise, I can't seem to reach her, she is still so afraid.  I'm not real
good at trying to ease them into things.  Jessy, he's never had call to teach me
how to do this.  He has always seen to it that we had plenty of feeders and
pets.  But now, Vicky I did real well with her.  And you saw how Jamie was with
me.  But, Denise, she's just too far-gone for me to reach and, if I don't get
her under control fast.  Then Dennis is going to be the same way. *

	Anise pulled away from Vicky who he had been holding up, toying with her
body as she struggled to obey Kris.  "Be a good boy, and hold her for me, lovely
boy.  I need to help your mistress with a few things."

	Jamie nodded.  "Yes, Master."  He struggled to move fast enough to move to
take Anise's place behind Vicky. 

	"Okay, Childe, what is the problem here?"

	"Can you talk to her for me Anise.  I keep trying to tell her that I am not
going to hurt either of them and she just won't listen to me.  I had hoped that
they would be as easy as Vicky and Jamie, but I don't' think they are behaving
the way I want them too.  Can you help me?  You're old enough to help them
without risking the loss of identity that I would end up doing."

	Anise nodded, looking at Denise.  "Poor child, your mistress is right when
she asked me to help her with you.  You are far too afraid to go into this
comfortably."  He stroked her cheek.  "Look in my eyes little one.  Listen to
what I am saying to you."  He called up his power to gently take over.  "Now, my
child, are you listening to me?"

	"Yes, Master."  She whispered.

	*Then hear me dear.  You are in no danger.  Your brother is in no danger. 
Just give yourself to this and relax. *  He was careful.  He didn't want to
crush her mind, and without being as careful as possible, he just might.

	Dennis tried to break Anise's contact with his sister.  "No, please, Master,
don't do this.  I'll go, please.  If I obey, she will see that no one will hurt
her."  He was near tears.  He had spent the last four years protecting his
sister from his stepfather, and now, he was just so use to protecting her for
anything that could or would hurt her.  "Please, here, see, Mistress, take me. 
Let her see that you won't hurt us.  I swear, if she sees me and knows I am
safe, she won't fight you."

	Kris pulled him close.  "Ssshh, baby.  Why the tears?  You saw me with Vicky
and Jamie.  Surely you both know I am not going to hurt you.  I was the one that
stood and protected Vicky, remember.  If I was willing to save her from the
insane bitch that hurt her so much, why would I suddenly turn into a bitch
myself?"

	*Go on Kris, if the girl sees that her brother is safe, perhaps I won't have
to take this any farther.  I am no fonder of forcing them to me than you or he.
*  Anise was rather pleased with the willingness that the young mortal was
showing.  True it was to protect his sister, but still.  If Kris could show
them, both, that they were safe and do so without the need of force.  It would
be better in the long run.

	Kris tightened her arms around Dennis.  "Watch baby, see that I am not going
to hurt him, or you."

	Anise had to hold Denise to keep her from trying to interfere.  "Stop,
child.  You knock your mistress off balance, you run the risk of your brother
being seriously hurt."  He held to close as she held her breath as Kris fed from
her brother.

	The pain of the bite was sharp, but mercifully brief, and once the pain
passed, the heat and joy that took its place had Dennis moaning holding on to
Kris.  For the first time in his life, short though it might be, he felt the
rush of heat and the intense mind numbing joy of orgasm.  She hadn't touched
him, no one had.  And yet he had came.

	Kris smiled as she lifted her hand, gathering his release that had struck
her as he had succumbed to the joy of his first time being fed from.  "Baby, if
you are going to get that responsive from just being fed from, them doll, I
can't wait to see how you are going to be when I bind you to me."  She offered
him her hand.  "Go on Carry, clean my hand, it's your mess after all."  She
kissed the side of his face as he obeyed her, his blush almost as red as a rose. 
"Now, baby, come, you ain't felt nothing yet."

	Denise watched, more confused, than afraid now.  "Dennis?"

	"Hush, dear.  Your brother is quite safe, and so are you.  Just give your
mistress a little more time with him.  Watch and learn."  Anise smiled.  All in
all, his great grandson had done very well with his Childe.  For one so young,
she was years farther along than he had thought she would be.  And her
willingness to ask for help, even when she didn't need it, just to be sure that
she didn't, was a sign of her training.

	Kris lifted the knife to her throat again.  "This time, baby, it is your
turn to drink.  Knowing when you do, you are, and will always be mine."

	He was so caught up in the joy of what he had just felt, and the warm
pleasure that still glowed in his body that he could do no more than just nod. 
He now truly believed she would never hurt him, to his sister.  If there had
been any question, it had been lain to rest with her first feeding from him.

	Again, the knife cut her throat, and again she pulled another pet to her to
bind him for life to her and her father.  And through them, her brother as well.

	Dennis couldn't think, as, the blood passed his lips.  It was so good that
it was almost painful.  The pleasure was more than he had dreamed anything could
ever be.  And as Kris supported his as he held on to her, he gave into it again.

		*	*	*

	Jessy looked over the house.  He was so ready to leave.  Everything was
packed.  All in all, when it came down to it, other than a few things other than
the personal things of his pets, and what he was bringing for him and Kris,
there really wasn't much that would leave this place.  Anise had been right;
they would need this place again one day.  Not all the pets he had could be
offered the chance to go on and become one of them.  So in the end, they would
have to return to this place, again and again over the centuries.  But
thankfully not for quite some time to come.  "Okay, everything is packed.  We
are leaving with the setting of the sun tomorrow.  As is, I am going to have to
contact Janis to see if anyone took the time to set up a com-vid.  Probably not,
I hate to show up unannounced, even if it is to my own home.  I am hoping that
she is close enough to her father to pass on the news of out impending arrival." 
Jessy pulled Nick close.  "I also have to tell her of you, Childe.  You have no
idea how happy your grandmother is going to be that you are now my True Childe."

	"I stopped calling her gram the night I became one of your pets.  I think I
will make her day real soon by calling her that again, and this time, I can
really mean it."  Nick was still so blown away about finally being allowed to be
what he had hoped, but never really dared believe he would ever get to be, for
so long.

	Jessy smiled at his son.  "She was always to tickled when you called her
that.  It will do the old girl a world of good to hear it again."  He reached to
tap out the number that would connect him to his mother.

	He was beginning to believe as the chime sounded over and over again, that
Janis was not at home.  But finally there was an answer.

	"Jessy, I am glad to hear from you.  Did Anise make it to you in time?"  She
looked a bit disheveled, but happy.

	"Yes and no mother."  Jessy hated that he would have to tell her of Puck's
death, but hate it though he did, he would.  "I had had to release Puck, only a
few hours before he made it to me, but with his coming, I was able to save Nick. 
You have a new grandson mother."

	Janis's face went through a far range of emotions, from sorrow to joy. 
"Damn them.  I had so hoped that my grandfather would make it to you in time. 
How is Kris holding up?"

	"As best as any her age could be expect to be mother.  It was so close when,
Little One died, and then when I had to let Butch go I thought I would lose her
for sure.  But with Puck, if it hadn't been for the fact that she now has a True
Brother, I believe she would have finally given up.  But fortunately for me, she
is made of sterner stuff than I gave her credit for.  After Nick's making, I had
to let his mother go, and she is the only thing that kept me from falling apart. 
It has been a very hard twenty years on us."

	She looked at him with alarm in her eyes.  "You should have called me sooner
Childe.  I might be half a world away, but for you, I would have done anything,
even if that meant braving the sun to get to you."

	"Anise was here, Janis.  He helped me with Nick, and then took Kris and is
staying with her in our first house.  That is why I called.  Are you close
enough to reach him?  We leave at sunset tomorrow, and I want to make sure she
knows we are coming.  I would call her, but when we left that house, there was
no com-vids."

 	"You can still contact her, it works, just no picture.  And no, I am no
where near close enough to reach him.  Did she take any of your pets with her,
or is she relying solely on Anise?"

	Jessy smiled at her.  "That is one of the reasons I am in such a hurry to
get back to her.  She left with him alone.  I know he is old enough to see to
her, but I know my Childe and mate well enough to know that she will feel guilty
for any imagined hardship she puts on him."

	"Well, you go on and contact her, and I will see what I can do about coming
to see my new grandson as soon as possible.  Puck was loved, greatly by many of
us, and will be mourned and missed for a very long time.  But life goes on, and
you have a new Childe to tend to."

	"He is looking forward to seeing you again mother.  He misses his years that
he knew you as only gram."

	Janis laughed.  "Oh dear, I had forgotten that name.  Yes, I too look
forward to hearing it again.  Now go and talk to your Childe."  The screen went
blank.

		*	*	*

	Anise looked up as the phone rang, from where he had been watching as Kris
welcomed Tammy, proving to the girl, as she had all the rest so far, that she
was not going to hurt her.  'Who in the world could this be?  No one knows
anyone is here'.  Anise reached for the receiver.    "Yes?"

	"How is she doing Elder?"  Jessy didn't mix any words.  He was very
concerned about Kris.  She had left here last night, and yes, she was holding
up, but just barely.

	Anise looked up as another mortal that had been introduced to the joy of
being singled out by one of his people all but hurt herself trying to push Kris
to the floor so that she could take it farther.  "Oh, she's doing just fine
Childe.  Never fear, your daughter does you proud."

	Anise could almost hear the weight lift from Jessy's shoulders.  "She doing
anything drastically important right now, or do you think she could be dragged
to the phone to speak to her father?"

	"Any other time, there would be no question, but right now, give me a
moment."  Anise lay the phone on the table where it sat.

	Kris jerked her head up, at Anise's gentle touch from where it had been
pressed against Vicky's throat, as the girl was taking from her as well.  Her
face was smeared with blood, and an almost animal like ferociousness filled her
eyes.  *Calmly Childe.  You have done so very well with those you have taken
into your care so far, do try not to destroy that delicate trust with them by
losing control. *  He warned.

	Kris had to, fight, herself.  She didn't want to pull back, but Anise was
right.  If she didn't pull back now, for a little while at least, then Vicky
would die, and that would not do anything to help her efforts.  "Damn."  She
rolled off the girl.  "Are you okay honey?"

	Vicky's large, very clear gray eyes looked up into hers with confusion. 
"Why did you stop Mistress?  Was your slave being bad?"

	Kris just laughed.  "I take it that you are just fine.  And no, you're being
anything but bad.  But I have to pull back a little for now.  Between you, Jamie
and Dennis, it's been one of those nights, that I have been tempted, left and
right."

	"And she needs to speak to her father."  Anise motioned to the phone that
lay on the table.  "Jessy is waiting, he is concerned for you Childe.  Last he
saw you, you were not at all in a good state of mind."

	"He's on the phone, right now?  I didn't think that kind of phone still
worked once the new ones with video linkage became popular."  She reached down
and patted Vicky on the side of the cheek.  "Be back with you soon enough little
one.  Trust me, I am far from finished with you."  She slowly pulled away, too
accustomed to nakedness to feel any shyness as she moved to the phone.  "I am
seriously glad I have the money I do, Father, this call is I know, costing me a
fortune."

	Jessy chuckled.  "Anise tells me you are doing very well.  And by the sound
of things, he is right.  I never thought you would get home and hurry out and
start gathering new pets quite as quickly as it seems you have.  So, love, how
many, and is my great grandfather helping you with them?"

	"Remember the bit of news that we got from the states a year or so back, the
way the government was finally dealing with the major unemployment problem?"

	"Yes, they were taking them into labor camps to see to it that they no
longer were a strain on the welfare of so many of the states, what has that got
to do with you?  Surely, you have enough money that no one would think to try to
take you."

	"Father, not only are they not looking to try and mess with me, but even if
one of these fools did, I could buy him off without a thought.  No, it has
nothing to do with me, or my freedom."  She was grinning.  "You remember the
club that Bobby first opened?"

	There was a pause, as Jessy was trying to figure out what his Childe was
getting at.  "'Differently Pleasured', yes, and still, I don't understand what
you are talking about.  Spit it out Kris.  You know how I hate when you play
these guessing games."

	"It's still there.  Apparently, after Martin had bought it, from you, and
ran it for god only knows how long, Aaron bought it from him.  The quote
un-quote family has been the only ones to own it, ever.  And now, with the new
slave laws, there are a lot of them, especially the younger ones that would
rather be slaves to one or two than too many.  Diane, one of Aaron's pets, she
runs it, but he owns it.  And she goes weekly to the slave camps to offer some
of the younger slaves an option that for a lot of them is preferable than the
state labor camps.  We can buy them there.  I just went out tonight and bought
four, fully trained and easy to control slaves from her.  Okay true, Vicky, the
first one I got, I had to buy from her mistress, but the bitch was nuts, and got
off on making the little girl suffer way too much.  Vicky is like Bobby and
Mitch used to be.  Worse even than Kelly is.  I am hoping that you get here
before the blood that I have given her finished healing her.  You're going to be
as pissed as I am when you she her."

	Even though Jessy knew Kris couldn't see the dark look on his face, it
didn't matter.  The tone of his voice was cold.  "And this woman, the one that
hurt someone in her keep so much.  What did you and the Elder do to her?

	"I paid her twice what she paid for Vicky and sent her on her way.  But
don't worry Father, she will be at DP's every night until you and I have time to
take care of her.  I am going to make sure that she gets like for like, trust
me.  She might have hurt Vicky, but by the time I am done with her, she will
wish that she had never been born."

	"I bet Anise had to talk you out of killing her then and there.  I know how
you get when it comes to abuse of power."

	"No, actually he's been pretty much sitting back and watching me and how I
deal with things.  He is my great, great-grandfather remember?  I got my nature
from you.  You got yours from Janis who got hers from Asha who got hers from
him.  It's been a real family affair down here.  The only time he had to really
step in was when I got a little too much into Vicky there for a minute.  But
other than that he's stood back, always willing to step in if I needed him.  But
so far, I've done pretty well."

	Jessy laughed.  "No wonder he sounded overly pleased.  So, tell me honey,
other than the little girl that you saved from a mad woman, what else have you
gathered?"

	"Tell Melody, that Vicky is going to be right up her alley, true she is
probably going to have to take a few lessons on how to help take care of her
from Steve, but other than that, the girl is as gender biased as she is.  Up to
and including, the fact that she has never spent any time, at all, with a man."

	"You might be the only one at your home that can hear me, but the entire
house can hear you, love, and Melody is grinning.  It's been a long and lonely
time for her.  I probably should have seen what I could do about going out and
seeing to gathering her a friend."

	"Well as butch as she is, she should have a blast with Vicky.  Then on top
of her, I got two more boys and the sweetest looking little girl you will ever
see."  She grinned at Denise.  "And the most yummy part of it all is, for you
any way.  They all are virgins.  Vicky isn't, or at least not to a woman, but
Denise, male or female doesn't matter, she is totally innocent.  You or Anise if
he decides that the boy is just to tempting will be his first man.  And Dennis
who is Denise's twins, same thing, pure as the driven snow.  But he won't be, by
the time I am finished with him.  But he will still be for a man, and I have
asked Anise to leave the twins for you and Nick.  I don't think it is going to
be that much of a problem for him.  He has me, he had Vicky, and if he still
feels randy he has Jamie.  Surely by the gods, the three of us will keep him
happy."

	"Damn love, you have been busy.  And I am just as anxious to get home and
see them as you thought I would be.  I have missed and worried about you, so
much."

	"Me too, so when are you bringing the gang and making it home?"

	"We are leaving here at sunset tomorrow, which means we will be coming in by
the following morning.  Make sure the door is open, I am going to be coming in
hot."

	"Understood Father.  How is Nick doing?"

	"You can see him before the sun rises on the morrow.  But trust me, he is
doing much better than you were at his age.  I didn't take his will like Marcus
did yours.  He has spent the past night bathing himself in their blood."  Jessy
smiled at Nick who was curled up with Tina and David.

	"Give him my love, Father.  And I will see you soon enough.  But for now, I
need to get back to taking care of the ones in my house."

	There was amusement in Jessy's tone.  "Well then, you and Anise, go and have
fun.  I have an even greater reason to hurry home now than ever.  Be good,
sweet."

	"You too Father, you too."  Kris hung up the phone.




 ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 6



	Kris turned, smiling at the four in the room.  "That was my father, your
master.  He will be here before too much longer.  They plan to leave to come
home tomorrow night, at sun set.  Which means, Elder, that your baby sitting job
is almost over.  Once Jessy gets here, you won't have to watch over me anymore." 
Knowing Jessy was so close to coming home made her feel a whole lot better.

	"Staying with you was never baby sitting Childe.  I have always been more
than happy to help my family.  Old I might be, but I am not so old that I
begrudge those that need me."  He smiled at her.  "Most assuredly not when they
have so many, new, and delightful pets on hand.  Do I still need to watch over
you as you toy with your little girl there, or do you think now that you have
gotten your blood lust back under control you will be fine?"

	Kris was glad that she was dead.  Being so means that she could no longer
blush.  "I don't know what the problem with me was Anise.  I haven't had that
kind of slip in, I, don't know how many years.  You can go on and toy with Jamie
now.  I won't forget myself again, no matter how much she makes me want too."

	Anise shook his head.  "I think the boy will be more comfortable with you
for now Childe.  He is still so afraid of me.  Vicky at least has some knowledge
of me.  And I am more than able to keep from letting her weaknesses make me
forget myself."  He smiled down at the girl that still lay on the bed in the
corner.  "Besides, other than my father, I have always been much more partial to
women."

	Kris laughed.  Anise, are you trying to tell me, 'you' have a homophobic
steak, you?  Aaron I can see.  Jessy used to have to give Maggy a brake by
letting her come and mark our pets, but you?"

	Anise just shook his head at her.  "I am not in any way homophobic.  I once
belonged to a man remember?  And, Puck, I adored him.  But I do not want to have
to talk the boy down, so for now if it is not with you at light, I think I am
going to toy with the little one that you had such a hard time not forgetting
yourself with."



	Jamie watched as Kris came closer.  He had been watching her all evening. 
Praying that she would remember him, the promise she had made him teased his
thoughts.  She wanted him as much as he wanted her.  How that was possible he
didn't know.  After just a single taste of her blood, he had done much more,
than, just want her.  He had burned with the want that had grown into a burning
need.  "Mistress?"  He knelt as she came close.

	"In a minute pretty boy, in a minute."  She looked to where Dennis and
Denise huddled on the couch watching all that was going on around them.  "You
two hold on, the night is still pretty young, trust me.  Before I lock you both
in a room come day, I will see that you know how much I like having you here. 
But you are going to have to hold on."

	Jamie looked at her, his want going to fear.  "Lock us in a room?  I don't
understand Mistress, why?"

	Kris sat beside him.  "Because, pretty boy, from sun up to sun set, Anise
and I will be asleep below, and there aren't any of our trained pets here to
keep an eye on you."  She shushed his whimper.  "Chill sweetie.  The rooms have
bathrooms, and I will make sure to see to it that you have something to eat
before I lock you in.  I am not going to starve any of you.  So let, it, rest
for now.  I really think I can give you something a whole lot more fun to occupy
your time."

	Anise looked up from where he was holding Vicky, trying to calm the girl. 
"Childe, if you plan to feed them, perhaps it would be best if I sought a
grocers That would still be open at this time.  You and I do not need food, or
not the type that your little charges do."

	Kris slumped on the couch beside Jamie.  "Shit, and here I thought I had
handled myself pretty good.  Sure, Elder, you will find my card in my purse." 
She nodded to where she had laid her bag.  "Vicky, little one, why don't you
grab your cloak and go with him.  You're going to need things that will help
with your flow, and I trust you.  You have been owned before.  Just remember,
once a mortal drinks from one of us, if they don't do so every day for now, they
will die, and the death will be painful, words can't describe the how painful it
will be.  So you behave, and don't do anything stupid.  Understand?"

	Vicky nodded eyes wide.  She hadn't realized how dangerous her life would be
now.  She belonged to this woman, by more than just her word.  There was no
doubt, or at least not after feeling what she had when Kris had offered her,
her, blood.

	"Are you going to be wearing you dress any time soon Childe?  If not,
perhaps she would feel less exposed in it.  The cloak is fine from one place to
another, as long as she isn't taken out in public.  But, the threat of it
slipping off her shoulders and the world around her seeing her as bare as she
is."

	Kris growled, low at, herself.  "You're right Elder, I must still be reeling
from the blood lust.  Go on Vicky.  You are no bigger than I am.  Just hurry up,
I am sure that your master is in a hurry to get you home.  And, Elder, thank
you."

	Anise chuckled.  "Childe, you are not even two hundred yet, you expect too
much out of yourself.  Now go on and see to the boy beside you, he looks like
he's about to burst from wanting you.  I will take care of things.



	Kris waited only long enough for Anise and Vicky to leave before leading
Jamie to the bed.  "Come on pretty boy.  The things I have planned for you."

	Jamie followed her, gladly.  "Are you going to bite me again Mistress?"

	She shook her head.  "No, baby, I don't dare, I am now responsible for you
health and its continued up keep.  I bite you again, and I risk that up keep." 
He looked so down crest that she laughed at him kissing him softly.  "But
tomorrow, I promise.  Give my blood a few more hours to strengthen you, and then
I will feed from you again."  She patted his leg as she stood.  "But that does
not mean that I won't give you another chance to take from me.  Trust me, Jamie. 
By the time I send you all to bed, I will have to seek Anise again or go hungry. 
And baby, I haven't gone hungry in more years than you can think of without
trying very hard."  She stepped over to the table where she had left the knife. 
"Lucky for you, you are so young.  Lots of stamina."  She brought the knife up
to her throat again, to offer him what he wanted more than to bed fed from.

	To be, stopped, by the phone ringing.  "Damnit."  She was going to kill who
ever it was who had chosen that particular moment to bother her.  "Hold that
thought Jamie."

	She caught the receiver on the third ring.  "This had better be good."

	"Getting a bit bitchy in your old age girl?"  It was Aaron's amused voice.

	"I'm sorry Aaron, but every time I seem to start to really get involved with
on of the four I brought home with me, this frigging phone rings.  For something
that really shouldn't be able to still work, it's been busy."

	"My pet came home tonight and let me know what you did for me.  I didn't
know how young those two were.  Had I known, I would have brought them to my
home, and whether or not, I usually keep male pets, would have not mattered.  I
was only calling to thank you, and to give you my word, that in light of what
you have done for me.  I will see to it that, that, crazy woman that hurt your
pet so, is dealt with."

	"No, Aaron, you don't owe me anything.  The fact that Angel's club is still
up and running, after all these years, and you were willing to let me take the
painting that Ryan had made of him and Jessy so long ago, was thanks enough.  As
for that psycho bitch from hell, please, let my father and I tend to her.  It is
my pet she hurt, so her life should belong to me.  But now that we are here, and
Nick is my real brother.  My father is going to be looking for another baby to
raise.  If you could ask Diane if she sees one who is in the family way while
she is out looking for pets for the club, would she please get her?  I would
like to get my father another to raise.  I'm the one that had Fran brought in,
remember?"

	"To do that, she is going to cost you quite a chuck of change Kris.  You
think virgins are expensive, saving a pregnant woman from the state is going to
cost three times as much, easy."

	Kris snorted.  "You are forgetting Aaron, I have more money at my disposal
than god.  You just get her, I will make it worth the effort, promise."  *What
the fuck does the state need pregnant women for?  They aren't able to work. * 
Her thoughts reached Aaron's.

	*It's not the woman Hon, but the baby.  Things are bad for mortals now that
are not safely connected to someone.  There is a frightening practice of taking
some of the women that are taken to the labor camps and seeing to it that she is
raped many times until such time as she conceives.  Then they care for her until
such time as the babe is born, and is sold. *  Aaron's soft thoughts touched
her. 

	*Sick fucks.  I am glad I have been out of the states for as long as I have,
and if it weren't for the fact that I think we're needed here more than ever
now, I would ask my father if we could just leave the states again.  This is
insane. *  Keeping slaves was one thing, but rape and forced pregnancy was a
different matter all together.

	"If you aren't worried about the price, it should only be a matter of days
before my girl can gather one up."

	"Thanks Aaron. Got a quick question for you, while I still have you on the
phone.  Do you still do the markings for pets of our people?  Or did you close
shop all together when Maggy died?"

	"That is the only time I still do my art.  And only because it is safer and
easier than taking them to a normal shop, too many chances of having to explain
things that are really no one else's business."

	"Do you still have the one that Jessy had Ryan make for all our old pets?"

	Aaron's tone was one with sad amusement attached.  "Childe not only do I
still have it, but I can do that design in my sleep.  You have no idea how many
of our family will mourn your darling boys passing.  If for no other reason than
the fact that, he, no longer can create such wondrous work.  So, should I plan
to come by and do it myself?  I have been training Diane in the art, but it
would seem that only some of us are as proficient as Maggy was."

	"Yeah, bur please, give my father time to get here, contact Henry and get
them all collar's, then he will call you for your help."  She looked over to
where Jamie sat on the bed, not saying anything, but he really didn't need too. 
"Look Aaron, thank you for all you have done, you have no idea how much it means
to me to know that Angel's club is still in the family.  And please pass what I
asked for along to Diane, but I need to go right now.  I have a untried pet,
that would like nothing more than for me to try him as soon as possible."

	Aaron's laughter rang out over the phone.  "I understand honey.  Well, I'll
let you go, only wanted to touch base with you.  Now you can go chase him around
the bed a time or two."  A soft chuckle.  "Have fun."

	"Chase hell, Aaron.  I hang up this phone and he is with all likelihood
going to attack me.  Give all your girls a hug and kiss from me.  I'll give you
one from me, just as soon as I see you, later."  She hung up the phone, praying
that no one was going to think to call her again.  "Okay, where were we?"

	"I think you were about to take me Mistress."  Jamie looked ever so anxious. 
"No one else is going to call tonight are they Mistress?"

	Kris moved towards him, smiling.  "If they do, then I will let the machine
puck it up.  I've been thinking about what you would feel like in my arms all
night, ever since I chose you at the club.  And I am really rather tired of
waiting."

	Jamie nodded. Lifting is arms to her as she bent to pull him close.

	If it weren't for the fact that Jamie, sweet boy that he was would give in
to her the moment he felt her sink her fangs into his throat, she would feed
again.  He had been healing for over two hours, and had more than sufficient
time to replace the blood she had taken from him.  But Anise wasn't here, and so
she didn't dare risk it.

	She was bothered by her lack of control as she cut deep into her neck,
offering him the promise of heat and passion that always came when any mortal
drank one of her people's, blood.  It had been so long since last she had had
this kind of problems behaving herself.  All she could think, as she held his
head to her throat, was that it must be the death of the final two that was
still had her reeling.

	Jamie moaned low in his throat as her blood filled his mouth.  He swallowed
as quickly as possible, hoping to get more this time, but again, it was only two
mouthfuls, and part of a third before the wound in her throat healed.  It was
only the second time he had fed from her, and already, he wanted more.  It made
things so good, so right.  And as she pushed him back on the bed, he willingly
gave into to her.

	Kris chuckled low in her chest as the boy gasped, jumping a little when her
fingers finally touched his erection.  This was sweet.  It didn't matter how
many times she saw this, the first time a mortal, without the need of having to
be take his or her will, gave themselves to this, was always so bloody sweet. 
"So, pretty face, you like this?"  She put just a bit more pressure into her
grip, eliciting more gasps and moans, but also the faint stench of fear. 
"Ssshh, honey, though I have touched your mind, and know that you are far more
like Vicky and her tastes in amusement, than like Denis.  Now is not the time to
explore those interests.  So just lay back and let me have you."  She lowered
her head to lick his throat.  Again, so tempted to see how much farther she
could pull him, by feeding.  But the sting of her recent loss of control held
her back.  Perhaps when the Elder returned, she could give into the offer that
was lying before her so sweetly.  But until then, she would just have to make
due with the feeling and taste of him and his mortality.

	Jamie almost came off the bed at the cool but strong feel of his mistress's
mouth as it moved down his chest.  She was.  No she wouldn't, would she?  But as
her tongue toyed with his navel, jabbing lightly.  He realized that 'yea' she
was going to do this.

	'Oh god', Jamie cried out at the first feel of her cool, firm tongue as she
licked the head of his erect member.  "Mistress?"  He didn't understand.  She
owned him, why was she willing to do this for him?

	*Hush, pretty boy, just lay back and let me have my fun. *  She continued to
lick the head of his cock.  Teasing the slit before opening her mouth and taking
him fully into her coolness.

	Jamie almost came at once, but a firm hand on his balls, squeezing gently
stopped him from loosing himself at once.  *First rule, baby, no cumming without
permission.  I don't want to have to punish you so soon.  So try a little
control. *

	The threat of punishment almost made him loose control completely.  What was
wrong with him?  Was she right?  Did the promise of pain turn him on all the
more?  He was so confused.  He had spent all his life, trying very hard not to
let anyone know just how much the feeling of pain moved him, but with his
mistress, who could do what no other person 'alive' could do and touch his mind
and thoughts.  She knew.  He was going to fail.  Already he was nearing the
point of no return.  "Please, Mistress, please.  I, I can't stop it."  He was
sobbing as she moaned.

	The hand on his balls squeezed just a little more tightly this time.  As she
backed away and just kissed the head of his shaft, before slowly working her
tongue around the head, no more than that, just a light and gentle licking.  She
wanted the boy, but not after having to punish him.  And now that she had set
the rules, if he failed, punish him, like it or not, she would have to do. 
"Relax, Jamie.  You are far too excited for your own good.  I don't want to have
to punish you your first night with me, but fail to obey me, and I will."  She
kissed the tip one last time before lying beside him.  "Come here baby.  Let's
see if you are as talented as you are sweet looking."  She hated to be on top,
it always seemed to limit her ability to tease and toy with those in her arms. 
Even those that normally were not tops had learned with her that it was much
more important to keep her happy, than follow their nature.  She smiled to
herself as she; thought of the first time she had taken Kelly to her bed.  Poor
guy, he had been more shocked than Alex had been the first time he gave himself
to her.  Bad enough that she was a woman, but that she actually expected him to
take an active role in their lovemaking.  "Okay honey, let's see what you can
do.  Don't worry about hurting me.  You can't, no, matter even if you tried.  I
want to feel you.  Come on sweetie.  Try being a little aggressive with me.  If
only to see me smile."  She would lead him through his first time, knowing that
once she did, and he understood what was expected of him, there would never be a
need to do so again.

	He wasn't at all sure just what she wanted.  All he wanted was to hide in
her.  But his confusion didn't last long, as Kris pulled his face to hers, lips
open and demanding.  Her hands, capturing his to press, firmly, against her
breasts.  "Come on baby, you aren't like Dennis, are you?"  She ran her hand
down his spine.  "True, you might not have much experience with women, but you
are no virgin.  Relax and just have fun."

	Relax, and have fun.  He almost laughed.  She wanted him to have fun.  If
she only knew what those, words, meant to him.  He had been so worried that he
wouldn't be able to give her what she wanted.  But the feel of her hands on his
body as he began to return her caresses eased his fears greatly.  She wanted him
to relax and have fun.  So be it.

	She moaned encouraging him as his head lowered to her nipples and started to
lick and bite at them lightly.  Still not too sure about her promise that he
couldn't hurt her.  Things were going so well, he didn't want to run the risk of
ruining them.  So he began to worship her body as carefully and slowly as he
could.

	Kris stroked his hair as he moved down her body, kissing her skin, pressing
his face into her belly as his hands carefully parted her legs.  He was going to
do all that he could to please her.  Then maybe, if she were happy with him, she
would let him cum.  God he hoped so.  He had never wanted to cum so bad in his
life.

	'It's like her blood'.  Was his stunned response at the first taste of her
vaginal fluids.  He had fed from her twice already, so he knew well enough what
it tasted like, and felt like when she had given to him.  And this chance, to
lick it from her, without the worry of it stopping after two, two, and, a half
sips was more that he had ever believed possible.

	Kris laughed as she heard his thoughts.  "I'm a vampire pretty face.  All
fluids that come from me are tinted with my blood, from my tears to what you
taste now.  And just you wait, your master if it wasn't for the fact that there
is never enough blood in his cum, I think he would feed you all that way."  She
just chucked to herself and lay back to enjoy Jamie's exploration of the wonder
he had just found.

	He could stay here forever, but knew that his mistress expected him to
please her.  He pulled his mouth from where it had been. Tongue, dipping, into
her sweet hole, and concentrated on her clit. Working as hard as he could to
excite it out if it's little hood, so that he could latch his lips to it and
begin to suck and gnaw at it.  His hand lifted, so his fingers could begin to
shyly tease the hole that he had just left.

	Kris was so pleased with his behavior she was almost stunned.  It had taken
others in their keep much longer to learn to perform this well.  He was
obviously much more experienced than she had given him credit for being.  And at
his age, who would have ever thought?  "That's it, oh Gods baby.  That's the
way."  She lifted her hips to encourage his mouth and fingers.

	Her words were all he needed to hear to know that he was doing just what he
should.  He began to thrust his fingers faster, teeth locking down on her clit
and his tongue began to flick it fast and hard.  If he could please her, like
this, he would do all that he could to do just that. 

	Kris's legs lifted and wrapped around his shoulder as she neared the point
that she had been denying him.  "Yes, that's it baby, yes, of gods yes."  She
screamed her pleasure as she felt her own orgasm begin in the lower part of her
belly and shoot up and out through her body.  "Now, baby, I want to feel you in
me now."  She dropped her legs reaching for him, pulling his body up as that he
was on top of her.  "Go on, baby, cum for me."

	He had done it.  She was happy with him.  He cried silently to himself as he
felt the coolness of her sex sheath him.  He knew it would only be a short time
before he would give in to the pleasure that he was feeling.  Bad enough that he
had been so keep up before going down on her, but the taste of her sex, the
blood that was there, had only increased his want.



	Anise entered the room smiling to himself, as, he watched Kris with Jamie. 
The sight of her enjoying herself with one of her and his great grandson's new
pets was just the thing he needed to see.  It calmed him almost at once.  "Come
on you two.  I am sure that just as soon as you new mistress is through with the
boy, she will want to talk with the two of you." 

	It had not gone well at the store.  Slavery was one thing, but when he took
Vicky in to buy a few things, he was shocked to see that the only people that
actually worked there for pay were the management staff.  The rest from the
cashiers to the stockers had all, been slaves.  And they had not been treated
well at all.  He had finally had to step in and save one from being beat.  He
only hoped that his younger kinswoman would understand why he had done it. 
"Come in Kevin.  You have nothing to fear.  If my youngest granddaughter does
not want you, I will take you to my home, even if I do not usually choose to
take male pets, I would never allow you to suffer for something that was not
your fault."



	Kris held Jamie as he came down from the glorious heights that he had just
felt.  He had not been allowed to feel anything like this since being taken as a
slave.  And now, if what his mistress said was true, he would have it, and have
it often.  "Thank you Mistress."

	She shushed him, stroking his hair.  Nick was going to just love this boy. 
The more she thought about it, the more she was inclined to give him to her
brother when he got here.

	"Are you finished with him Childe?"  Anise lay a hand on Kevin's shoulder,
squeezing it lightly.

	"For now, Elder."  Kris looked up at where Anise stood, then to the boy
beside him.  He couldn't be much more than seventeen, eighteen on the outside. 
What the hell was he doing here?  "What's up Anise?  When you left here, all you
had with you was Vicky.  Who is the kid?"

	Anise smiled at Kevin.  "Trust me child, she isn't going to hurt you."  He
then looked at her.  "I now know why there is such a large slave trade here. 
There was no one free at the grocers other than the fools that managed it.  The
rest are like this boy and are slaves.  Look at the way he is dressed.  I would
not allow one of my pets, no matter how ill I was with her to go out in public
like this.  All of the little ones like him were dressed the same.  What is
more," he lifted the long red shirt that the boy was wearing to expose his hip. 
"We tattoo out pets, these damned fools brand theirs."  The ugly brand was
standing out against the pale skin of his upper hip.  "I am sorry Kris, but the
boy, he was about to be beat for something that was not his fault.  I believe in
discipline, but only if it is called upon.  The mess that was made, he did not
make.  I must confess I did.  So when the mad man went to beat the boy, I
stepped in.  I know you weren't there.  And normally I would never dare to abuse
your trust of me with your card.  But I could not, allow him to suffer for my
clumsiness."

	Kris snorted.  "Like I am going to be bitchy about you saving one of them. 
Don't worry about it Elder.  I mean, how much could that poor little thing cost
me?"

	"The fool was so mad that I stepped in, he over charged me, I think.  The
boy cost you as much as one of those that you bought from Diane earlier, the
virgins."

	Kris shrugged her shoulder.  "I told Jessy along time ago, that I didn't
want the fucking money anyway, and have been trying to spend it like water ever
since."  She got up off the bed.  "Come here honey.  Let me get a good look at
you."

	Kevin looked first to Anise, who nodded.  "Please Mistress, this slave, he
didn't do anything.  Don't hurt me."  He was already crying.  His fear only made
his tears worse.

	Kris shook her head.  "You're not like some of those in my home, you don't
respond to pain in any way that would make me think you wanted it.  So I am not
going to hurt you."  She looked him up and down.  "Poor baby, you are near
frozen."

	He stood there, no taller than Ryan had been, which was, no, more than five
foot five inches in his stocking feet.  He looked almost like a little boy
wearing his daddy's dress shirt in the long red frock that he was in that came
down to his knees.  She didn't have to wonder what he wore under it, she already
knew, nothing.  She had seen that when Anise lifted the frock to show her his
brand.  She touched his mind lightly.  "Elder, you were not over charged.  He is
almost as much, a virgin as the twins are.  The only difference is, he has been
raped a time or two.  That is probably why he is so afraid.  Damn, but my father
is going to have his hands full with this one.  "What is your name baby?"

	He looked at her, almost so afraid that he was unable to answer her.  But
past training kicked in.  "K-Kevin, Mistress.  If it pleases you, anything you
wish is it doesn't."

	Kris nodded.  "Okay, Kevin, did your master explain things to you on your
way home?"

	"My Master told me he was bringing me here to you and two other masters. 
That I was to obey all orders and that if I did, I would not be hurt again
Mistress."

	*I couldn't explain everything to him Childe.  I was driving, and the poor
boy was near fainting from fear as was. *  Anise's thoughts touched her.

	"Okay, first things first, get that stupid frock off.  It makes me ticked to
look at."

	"I have nothing under it Mistress.  Slaves are not allowed to wear clothes
other than what I have on."  He trembled violently. 

	"Calm down honey.  Look around you.  None of the others have anything one
either.  I'm as bare as the day I was born.  And trust me.  You will wear
clothes.  I happen not to deal with slaves quite the same way as the idiots that
are screwing everything up here do.  But for now, it will be easier to just lose
that thing, and forget about what was done to you.  In a few days, that ugly
mark on your hip will be gone.  I mark my pets by tattooing them, and not
branding them.  Gods, to think what that must have been like for you."  Things
were nothing like this when she left.  No, wonder no one could find a job.  It
was rigged that way.  "Now Kevin, please, lose that silly thing, I would rather
you be naked that wear it."

	The tears that were streaming down his face grew in numbers as his crying
turned into sobs as he disrobed.  Letting the frock fall to the floor.  His
slender body was bruised in so many places from the beatings he had suffered
through.  His poor little penis was almost non existent.  His balls were a mass
of welts and bruises where someone had whipped them.  Must have been when he was
raped.  Kris felt her rage heat her blood.  "Damn them all to the farthest hells
of ice for what they did to him."  She looked up at Anise, to see the fury in
his eyes as well.  "You seeing this Elder?  I thought when I saved Vicky from
that psycho bitch that I had seen the worst that one could do to another, but
look at him.  He is a fucking slave, had no one to protect him.  And look what
they did to him."

	"If it were not for the ban, I would go back and see that they all died for
this."  Anise was livid.

	"Come here honey.  Yes I am mad, but not at you, but at the asshole that did
this too you."  She gathered him close.  "Ssshh, I won't hurt you, and even if
the day comes that you need to be punished, trust me.  It will never be anything
like this."  She held him as he fell apart in her arms and sobbed into her neck.

	Vicky stood there silent.  She had seen so much tonight so far.  Her
mistress had saved her, and now she was going to save this boy too.  She knew
this.  As sure as she knew her name and her place.  "Mistress, are you going to
help him like you helped me?"

	Kris looked up to where one of her new pets stood.  "Yes, Hon, don't worry. 
I will take care of him, now you just get out of that dress and have your master
lead you to one of the bathrooms here so that you can take care of things."

	"Yes Mistress."  She began to disrobe at once.  It had felt strange wearing
clothes.  She wasn't used to it anymore.  "Master, if it pleases you, would you
be so kind and show this slave where to go?"

	"You take care of him Childe, I need to see to the girl and put the things I
gathered away."  Anise couldn't decide if he should remain furious at what had
been done to the boy, or proud at his youngest great great-granddaughter.  He
decided to be proud.  Being furious with as fragile as the boy was would only
frighten him more.  "Come on child, after I see to it that you know where to go
and take care of things, you can help me put the other things I collected away."




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 7



	Kris slowly led Kevin to the bed.  She wasn't worried about Jamie saying
anything.  The sweet boy was no fool, and even a blind man could see how upset
the newest one was.  "Are you able to listen to me now, Kevin?"  She really
didn't think she would have to push too hard to get this kid to agree with
almost anything. 

He had been beat down too much in such a short time.

	He looked up into her dark brown eyes.  "Yes Mistress.  Your slave hears
you."

	Kris just blew a breath through her teeth.  "Okay, first things first.  I
don't plat the, your slave, shit.  Not unless you need that to help keep your
head and heart on right, but I don't think you are anything like Kelly and
Vicky, and if I am not mistaken, Jamie as well.  So you can just say I and me,
okay.  I might own you, but I don't want to take your identity from you.  And
that is doing just that.  Now, Kevin, are you listening to me?"

	Kevin looked down at his hands.  "Yes Mistress, your slave, I mean I am
listening."  He looked up into her eyes.  "Please Mistress, I'm trying."

	Kris just smiled at him.  "I know honey.  You are scared out of your mind
and, a, lot has happened to you.  So don't worry if you can't get it all right
first try.  Now, I want you to pay close attention to what I am going to tell
you.  And remember, I won't hurt you."  She drew in a deep breath knowing she
had a lot to tell him and didn't want to break it up until she got it all out. 
"Firstly, do you know what a vampire is?"  She sat there watching his eyes, as
they looked first confused then even more frightened.  "No, don't start.  My
word, you are safe.  Ask any of those in the room.  I only asked because I
wanted to know what you think we are before I tried to get you to the point that
I want you to be.  And trust me kid, what you think and what is the truth, are
not anywhere near the same thing.  Yes, we sleep during the day.  And yes we
drink blood.  But none of my race has killed in almost three hundred years. 
That is why we keep little pets like you.  So we don't have to kill.  I am just
over a hundred and ninety years old and I have never killed.  My father is
almost three hundred and fifty and hasn't killed in almost three hundred years. 
There is a ban.  We do not hunt, we do not kill, and before just a few nights
ago, we could no longer make children.  That part of the ban has been lifted,
and so my father has taken the mortal that grew up in our home as my brother for
the last hundred and eighty nine years and made him my brother in truth."  She
reached up and touched his cheek.  Taking another deep breath.  "You aren't
going to die, or at least not for a very long time.  Back when I was young the
keeping of mortals as pets was still so very new.  But we now know so much more
than we did then.  With the taking of my blood, you will be given between a
hundred and seventy and a hundred and eighty-five years.  There are a few that
last a little longer, or a little shorter, than that.  But it is rare.  And when
you time comes.  I promise my father won't let you suffer.  You will either be
given the gift, or allowed to rest in peace."  She reached down and took his
hands in hers.  "Now Kevin.  I will give you the same offer that I made to all
the rest.  You will be mine, that, is a fact.  But if you would rather I ease
you into your new life, I will.  But warning, if I do that, I will have to
dominate you completely, and take your will.  Your mind and you will be lost for
a short time.  Not long mind you, and no one will be allowed to hurt you while
your mind wanders, but you still will be lost."  She squeezed his fingers
gently.  "Okay Kevin, what shall it be?"

	He tried to pull his hands away from her, but she just held on.  "Please
Mistress.  Don't hurt me.  Your slave, I mean, I'll do anything you want, just
don't hurt me."  He was terrified.

	*Hush love.  I am not going to hurt you.  Why should I, what good would it
do me?  I am trying to ease you into your new life. *  Her thoughts were gentle
on his mind.  She had surprised Jessy by being able to do this to unbonded
mortals when she was only seventy-five.  It had taken him a whole lot longer to
learn the trick.  He had finally been able to do it, well, just before she had
come to live with him.

	"What are you going to do Mistress?"  His voice was so soft that if it had
not been for her heightened hearing, she would have never heard it.

	"Are you going to go into this willingly, or should I ease your passage?" 
Now she would see just what the boy was made of.

	He broke down and began to cry harder now.  "Please, Mistress.  Yes, I will
obey, just don't take my mind from me.  It's all I have left.  I will do
anything you say.  I am your slave.  Just please, don't take my mind."

	Kris stood up, pulling the boy close.  "I won't, baby.  Just close you eyes,
and relax.  It only hurts for a second, and then all the fear and confusion you
are feeling will be gone."  She gently took his head into her hands and turned
it to expose his throat to her fangs.

	He did as all new mortals do with the first bite.  His cry was sharp, but
blessedly brief.  Then he was sobbing into her arms as he held on.  But his sobs
were for a different reason.  There was no fear, with the first bite that had
gone away.  Now it was all of joy and surrender.

	She reached down, and touched his penis, which was now no longer tiny but
growing hard at a delightful speed.  This boy might not be the biggest in that
department in her home, but he had nothing to be ashamed of either.  She
chuckled as he moaned thrusting his hips into her hand as she licked the wounds
closed.  "I take it that you liked what you felt baby."  He nodded blushing as
he realized where her hand was and the shape of erection.  "Well, hang tight
sweetie, it only gets better from here.  Now that I have fed from you, I am
going to give you some of my blood to bind you to me, and my family."  She
reached down and took the blade from Jamie who only smiled at her in a knowing
way.  "You behave you scamp."  She stuck her tongue out at him, which made him
giggle.  "Kids these days," she just chuckled as she looked back down at Kevin. 
"Okay baby, ready to be mine?"  He nodded a bright glint in his blue-hazel eyes. 
Jessy might have his hands full with this one, but all he would have to see is
his pretty eyes.  She didn't know exactly why her father had a thing for the
eyes, but he did, and he had passed it along to her with so many of the other
things he had taught her.  "Then drink love, drink and say goodbye to your old
life."  She did as she had with all the others and cut her throat deep.

	If his cock had been hard with her feeding from him, it had reached the
point that it was now able to break stone as he took from her.  His sobs grew in
volume along with his moans as the heat and desire that had been denied him for
so long finally stirred in him.

	He cried out in protest as the blood ceased.  It had only been there for
such a short time.  And now it was gone. 

	"Sorry baby, but that is all there is.  You are now and will always be mine. 
I don't care if my father and eventually my little brother are the ones to give
this to you.  I was the first.  It was me that made you what you are now. 
Always remember that."

	He held on to her, keeping his body pressed against hers as he almost
swooned.  "Yes Mistress, I am yours."  He lifted his head to meet her lips.

	She finally pulled away from the kiss.  "Jamie, be a love and go and keep
Dennis and Denise company for a little while.  I have a lot of healing work I
need to do on this one.  I am willing to wait and let my father see what Vicky's
body looks like and the wrongs that were done to her.  But the more I look down
at my boy here, the more angry I get."

	"Yes Mistress."  Jamie was up like a flash.  "Kevin, trust her, she says she
can help you, then believe that.  Believe what you felt, if nothing else."

	"That one is such a rascal."  Kris laughed softly.  "I do think I am going
to see if Nick would like to have him as a welcome to the family present.  Gods
know the boy is a physical one.  Now you lay down and let me see if I can make
the ugliness on your body go away."

	"Yes Mistress."  He lay down and looked up at her.  Eyes watching as she
leaned over him to tend to the wounds left on his body.

	There were not many of the welts left only a few that had broken the skin
were left.  And the bruising was fastly fading.  But the brand still stood out
angrily.  Kris really felt sorry for this boy.  She hadn't seen anything this
bad since Bobby.  And even then, she hadn't seen it, only picked up on what her
father had seen.  No matter, she swore to herself as she bit her lip and began
to lick the brand, healing it.  If it were not one of the companies she had
majority stock in, she was going to buy it, and once she did, she was going to
see that there were many changes made.

	Kevin moaned low as he felt her mouth and tongue on his skin.  He didn't
understand what she was doing, but it really didn't matter.  After so many times
that he had been hurt, the feeling of someone's hands on his body that didn't
bring pain was a welcome change.

	Kris smiled as the brand began to fade, before she was done, there would not
even be a scar on him from what he had been forced to live through.  Once she
finished with it, there were a few more, more stubborn welts that had not yet
healed, that she would see too.  She knew that with all likelihood, the moment
she started to work on his ball sack, he was going to end up with an even
greater raging hard-on.  That was fine.  The boy needed to be allowed to feel
pleasure, and it was so nice that she was the first one that would finally offer
him this.

	She decided, as, he gasped at the first touches of her tongue that after
him.  She would get them all fed and put them to bed.  There was always tomorrow
night for the other things she had in mind.

	"Mistress, please you," he almost cried as she slowly licked the top of his
shaft, collecting all the pre-cum that was beginning to drip down it.  "You
can't mean to do this, please."

	She almost laughed.  His wounds were gone, and now, he was worried that if
she chose to give him pleasure like this, he was going to be blamed for giving
in to it.  "Baby, I can and do mean to just this, now relax.  Later I will teach
you the meaning of control, but for now, just let me have my amusement.  Trust
me.  You will find it just as pleasant as I do."  She kissed the head of his
shaft again lightly, before licking it.  The sweet boy wasn't cut, which was a
little of a shock to her, all the men that she had known so far, other than
Jessy and Anise had circumcised.  Even Nick, who had been born in a normal
hospital, was cut.  "Tell me sweetie, why haven't you be cut?  Not that I mind
it, mind you, but I just thought that it was done automatically at birth now
days."

	Kevin looked up and down at her, fear in his eyes again.  "You aren't going
to cut off the tip are you?"

	Kris snorted.  For some reason she seemed to be doing a lot of that as of
late.  "No, why in the world should I?  I only wanted to know why and how you
got away with not having it done?"

	"My father wasn't cut, and he wouldn't let them circumcise me when I was
born.  Said it was something that a man should decide if he wanted to have done
or not, when he was old enough to decide it Mistress."

	She nodded.  "Good call.  You will find out soon enough that my father. 
Your master isn't cut either.  Now my little brother, your other master is.  And
personally between you and I, I like them uncut.  They are so ever much more
sensitive."  She lowered her mouth and lifted the folds of his foreskin with her
tongue to tease just under it, listening to his moan of agreement.  *Now baby,
lay back and relax.  I am going to show you what you have been denied for too
long. *  It always amused her, the first time one of their pets realized that
she could talk to them like this.  True she had already proven that she could
with him already, but he was still so afraid at the time.  His head popped back
up and looked down at her in shock.

	*Jamie, love, could you come over here and keep his mind occupied. Just
think to me dear, I will hear you. *

	Jamie, who was sitting with the twins, looked up at her.  *What am I
supposed to do, Mistress? *

	*Come and hold his head, kiss him and talk softly to him.  Love, I know you
were afraid, but Kevin.  Gods you saw what he looked like and what was done to
him. Just come over her and help me to see to him.  You are going to have to get
used to kissing a man.  You are my gift to my brother.  He has only been made,
and will need a few mortals to support not only his need, but also his heart,
for a while. *

	Jamie looked from her to where Kevin lay, trembling with a combination of
fear and want.  He knew that he was going to have to get used to submitting to a
man, but he had thought that he would have at least a few days to come to terms
with it, but now.  He was beginning to find out how little time he really did
have.  *Yes Mistress. *  He hurried over to obey.  So far his mistress had been
kind and pretty gentle with him, and he didn't want to risk the chance of that
changing.

	Kevin looked up as Jamie sat down beside him.  "She is."  He was still so
stunned that his mistress wanted to him to feel anything but pain.

	"Yeah, I know.  Just you wait.  Try going down on her just once.  She's a
vampire, so every fluid she has in tainted with her blood, or so she told me. 
It is to die for."  He leaned down.  "Listen to me Kevin.  This is her idea, not
mine.  But she is our mistress, and so we both have to obey.  She's been a real
dream so far, but I don't know what she would be like if she was mad at us."  He
closed his eyes as his lips touched Kevin's.  Getting ready to stop him if he
reacted badly.  No he hadn't been a slave for long, but he had seen Diane have
to punish more than one, and as hot as that had made him, he knew he just didn't
want any of that right now.  So, if his mistress wanted him to kiss this boy and
keep him from panicking, he would.  Besides, he had seen what the kid had looked
like before their mistress had done what ever it was she did to fix him, and he
really couldn't blame him for being scared shitless.

	Kevin was torn between what he was feeling as Kris went to blow him and the
kiss that Jamie had given him.  "Why?"  He finally found enough rational thought
to form words.

	"Our mistress told me too.  And with as iffy as you are right now, she is
right.  You need someone to help you to relax."  This time when Jamie kissed
him, it was open, tongue forcing its way into the boys mouth.  Encouraging him
to respond.  His hands rubbing Kevin's chest lightly.  Trying to help, needing
to help.

	Jamie suddenly stopped what he was doing with a clear fear in him mind.  'I
like this, am I gender biased after all'?  If he were, it would probably be
helpful in the real near future.  His mistress was going to give him to a man. 
He would have to learn to like taking it up the ass anyway.  So if he were 
'lavender' as the sometimes call it.  Wouldn't that be better?

	Kevin was caught between the two feelings, the wonderful pull on his cock,
and the soft kisses that what was now going to one of his 'friends'.  He had
only masturbated before the state came at his nineteenth birthday, when he had
been unable to find a job, and took him.  After that, they didn't even allow
that anymore.  And, other than the three times that one of his master's at the
grocers had raped him.  He was a virgin.  But no more, he was going to finally
be allowed to feel pleasure and give it as well.  And as his lips pressed
against Jamie's sobbing as he came, he was so very thankful.



	Vicky helped Anise to restock the refrigerator, which one turning it on,
still worked, much to his surprise.  He figured that it would need servicing
soon though, but once his great grandson brought his bunch and made it home, he
was sure that it would be taken care of.  He looked down at Vicky as she stocked
the cabinets.  She was such a dear girl.  The thought of that mad woman and what
she had done to this child just sickened him.  He stepped up behind her. 
"Child," he cupped her breast as his arms wrapped around her.

	Vicky jumped.  "Yes, Master?"

	"You have had time to recover the blood loss that your mistress took from
you.  I am hungry.  If it does not frighten you too much, I wish to feed from
you."

	She leaned back in is arms.  "My mistress, she won't be mad at me?  Will
she?"

	Anise just chuckled.  This girl was never going to give his family a moment
of trouble.  "She turned you over to me for the evening, Vicky.  She knows I
have to feed.  She has feasted off of me quite a bit, and though I would never
tell her this.  It is become something of a trial for me."  He gently reached up
and turned her head to one side.  "And you smell so delicious, with your last
flow still upon you.  But I don't think there is going to be enough there to
slack my hunger."  His fangs sank home.     	

	Vicky moaned low, as she not only felt his hunger, but his fingers had
gently parted the lips to her sex, and was teasing her.  She wasn't sure if she
would ever get used to the feeling of having one of her new owners feed from
her, but she was going to try.  She clung to his arm as she felt the tightness
in her, belly, grow and for only the second time in so long, she came without
pain.  No it wasn't quite the same, but that was okay.  She knew her place, and
she would take whatever kindness they were willing to offer her.  "Master," she
sobbed turning to press her face into his shirt.

	Anise lifted back, kissing the bite mark to help it to close.  "Your
mistress is right, girl, you do taste so very sweet.  If it were my choice, I
think I would take you home with me.  But your needs are not to my taste.  So it
is better if you remained here.  Who knows, knowing you are here, might give me
a reason to visit more often."  Her lips were eager under his.  She had always
wanted women, but with this kind, and oh so gentle master, that had never made
her cry, she was tempted to change her mind.

	Anise finally broke the kiss.  The child was not like him.  She did have to
breathe.  "Now that this is taken care of, what say we return to where your
mistress is.  I am sure that she has taken care of that little boy I brought
home for her.  And if I know my twice-great grandChilde, she is probably stewing
in her anger over what was done to the boy.  So I think we should get back, just
in case I have to restrain her."

	"Master, my mistress, she wouldn't hurt him would she?"

	Anise looked down at her in surprise, "Hurt him, heavens no child, but hurt
the fools that hurt her boy, now that is a distinct possibility, and adult she
might be, but she is still a very young one.  At her age, there is no telling
how she might react."



	Again Anise entered the room to find Kris lying on the bed, but this time is
was between two of the new pets, and one the boy he had brought home.  "So,
everything taken care of Kris?"

	"Yes, Elder, other than the fact I want to do to them what they did to him. 
I don't thing they understand what pain really is.  But I am trying to talk
myself out of teaching them."  She stroked Kevin's cheek, smiling down at him. 
"You don't ever have to worry about them anymore baby.  No one is ever going to
hurt you outside of punishment ever again, and then, my father, tends to spank,
unless you do something bad enough to earn the whip.  And I just don't see you
doing that, do you?"

	The boy shook his head.  No he would never, the very though of being whipped
again made his blood run cold.  "No Mistress.  Your slave, I, am a good boy."

	Kris just shook her head.  "It's going to take me a little time to get him
past the, your slave, garbage.  But I think if I give him just a little time, he
will work it all out on his own.  They all ways do."

	"So how is he doing?"

	She smiled, hugging him tighter to her.  Then looking at Jamie, who was on
her other side, and blushed.  "You want to tell him pretty boy.  You and he
seemed to be doing pretty good while I was so busy."  She just laughed as he
stammered.  "Nick is going to love this one, Elder.  I do believe he was as into
what he was doing as I was, and I know Kevin was.  For what Bobby, or Angel used
to call, just a poor straight boy, he is turning out to be very surprising." 
She hugged them both one last time before sitting up.  'Well it's been a very
hard night for the lot of you.  I think I need to go and get you fed, and tucked
in a bed for the day.  Dennis, Denise do the two of you want to share a bed, or
are you comfortable enough here that you can sleep separate from each other?"

	The two looked at her in surprise.  Their new mistress was asking them what
they thought.  "If it pleases you Mistress, my sister is still sort of touchy. 
I think I need to stay with her for now. If that is permitted."

	"Honey, I wouldn't have asked if it wasn't okay with me.  So the two of you
want to share a bed.  That is fine.  Hell, I can lump Vicky, Jamie and Kevin in
another, so they don't feel alone."  She got up and held out a hand to the two
on the bed.  "Come on sweetie's.  Time to see what there is to eat."




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 

CHAPTER 8



	Kris and Anise settled the five down, seeing that they had, had food and
knew that the facilities in each room worked.  Anise took the twins to the room
next to the one Kris was locking the other three in.  Denise was near hysterical
as he left the food for them on the table by the bed.  She was so worried that
once the door was locked, that they would be forgotten, and after the first time
she had felt her mistress, feed from her, and then offer her blood.  She was
worried that they would never be allowed to feel that again.  It had taken both
Anise, and her brother Dennis to finally get her to calm down enough to be able
to listen to them as they assured her that, no her mistress was not going to
forget her.  It was only late and day would be upon them soon.

	"I'm sorry Master, I don't know what is wrong with her."  Dennis tried to
explain.

	Anise only chuckled at the boy.  "It's alright, child.  True, I have not
been mortal in over eight thousand years.  But I still remember what it was
like.  She is new.  You both are.  Rest, and your mistress will be with you when
the sun sets."  He closed the door on them, locking it.



	Kris was having her hands full with her three.  Jamie, dear boy, was the
only one of the three that wasn't trying to meld into her as she sat the
foodstuffs down on the table.  "Gods, kids, I'm not leaving you.   It's late,
and I need to go and call it a day with Anise.  I promise, just as soon as the
sun sets, I'll be back to take care of you."  She kissed first Vicky as the girl
trembled against her, and then Kevin.  "Now you three are going to behave for me
during the day, right?  Just hold on, I promise, this will be the last day you
have to be locked in.  By tomorrow morning, the rest of our pack will be here,
and they are pretty used to taking care of new-bees."  She pulled Jamie's head
to hers.  "But until then, I am sorry babies, but, it's just too soon to let my
guard down."  Her head lifted as Jamie buried his face in her neck.  "I'm not
worried about any of you trying to hurt me.  But if you tried to run away, you
haven't been here even a full day.  I don't want you to feel pain, and trust me,
if you weren't here when it was time for me to share my blood with you again. 
There are no words for me to tell you what kind of pain that you would suffer. 
And unless you made it back here and my father or I was able to share our blood
with you again, continue to suffer for as long as you lived.  No, better I just
take away the risk.  I just want you all to understand, I am not doing this
because I don't trust you, I am doing this strictly to remove all doubt of who
you now belong to, and give you a little time to come to terms with it."

	"But Mistress, what if the house catches on fire?"  Jamie wasn't going
anywhere, but he did understand why his mistress was doing this.  But realities
were realities.  And fire was a real big reality.

	Kris shook her head.  "It won't, or even if it does, it won't make it to the
lower three levels.  You are three stories down into the earth.  On the same
level as Anise and I sleep.  No sun or fire will ever reach this far down. 
Remember that stone doesn't burn, and that is what insulates the lower three
levels from the house above.  It also has a separate ventilation system from the
house, just for that exact worst case scenario.  The upper house could burn down
to the ground above us, and we would be safe."  She kissed Jamie again.  "I
would never let anything happen to anyone that I have every intentions of
loving, real soon."  She leaned against him, nuzzling his throat.  "Pretty boy,
do you think you could support me if I decided to jump on you?"  She was hungry,
and would just as soon not have to lie down to feed.

	Jamie looked down at her.  "Yes, Miss," he never had a chance to finish his
words as Kris suddenly filled his arms, her legs wrapping around his hips.  He
stumbled back a little, struggling to gain him balance as his hands went to grab
her upper thighs and ass.  Moaning softly, his penis rising as she began to rub
against him.  He had never had anything like this ever happen to him, which was
really no shock, a lot of what had happened to him so far in this night that was
so very new.

	"Hold on, baby."  Kris turned his head, sinking her fangs into his flesh. 
She wasn't worried about taking too much from him.  Her feedings never took more
than a pint, maybe a little more.  She had fed from one three times in an hour,
during one of their more heated sessions, before she worried that if she took
any more without giving him or her a few hours to replace the blood she had
taken, they might loose consciousness from blood loss.

	He didn't know what to do next, as she not only fed from him, but also her
parted sex sheathed his throbbing erection.  He couldn't decide if he was going
to cum, scream or pass out, or maybe all three.  He just held her close and
cried out in joy. 

	She drank quickly then licking the wounds closed on his throat before
letting her head fall back as she began to pick up speed slamming down onto his
member harder and harder.  Shivering with pleasure as with each downward stroke,
her clit was pulled down, and teased, and the head of his cock that was buried
deed in her hit her sweet spot.  She threw her arms around him tightly as she
moaned against his lips.  "Oh, god, that's it."  She pulled her wrist to her
mouth, ripping it, to press against Jamie's lips. Offering him a chance to join
her in what she was feeling.

	With the taste of her blood, and to the sounds of her cries as she lost
herself in the pleasure, he came.  Letting her hand go so that he could cup her
body against his to keep from dropping her.

	Kevin and Vicky watched as Kris, slowly, came back to herself carefully
pulling back from Jamie, to stand before him.  He was dying to see what it was
like, to make love, because that was what he fully believed she had done with
Jamie, to her.  There was no pain, no rape, and no ugliness.  Jamie hadn't once
begged her to stop.  She never laughed at him.  No it had been, and still was,
beautiful.

	Kris smiled at Jamie.  "You do know that you should get a good spanking.  I
never gave you permission to cum."  She laughed at his look of fear, mixed with
want.  "Do you think you deserve it?"

	He looked down, beginning to tremble slightly.  "Are you going to whip me
now Mistress?  I, you are right, I failed."  He looked up, with a plea in his
eyes.  "Please mistress, I'm sorry, don't whip me."

	She gathered him close, shushing him as she stroked his hair.  "Jamie,
honey, you didn't control yourself, that is not a crime worthy of more than a
over the knee spanking.  I don't think you would ever seek the whip for
pleasure.  You aren't Kelly, nor are you Vicky.  But I do think that a well
placed spanking will do you a world of good.  Remind you that when I say
something, I mean it."  She took his hand and led him to the bed. 
"Unfortunately, the only ones to watch your humiliation are Kevin and Vicky. 
But I promise soon enough that there will come a time, real soon, that many will
get to watch as you are spanked.  And it will always be over the knee, like some
naughty little boy."

	Jamie burned with humiliation, and what was worse, that made him want to
just melt into the floor, was his cock was now at full attention.  He had always
done everything in his power to avoid being humiliated, just precisely because
of that little problem.  But he knew his new mistress was fully aware of it and
was going to use it against him, often.

	Kris sat on the edge of the bed and pulled him down over her lap, so that he
was bent over her knees, just like he had been when his mother would spank him
when he was little.  "I am only going to warm you backside with five good swats. 
But the next time you fail to obey, it will be ten, and after that fifteen.  And
it will increase by five until you learn to control yourself."

	"Yes Mistress, I'm sorry I didn't do what you told me to Mistress."  He was
fighting to keep from crying.  Already he was being spanked like a child.  He
didn't want to humiliate himself even more by acting like one.

	Kris's first blow landed, and almost knocked the breath from him.  He had
never realized anyone could be that strong.  The effort to keep from crying was
thrown out the window as he cried and almost screamed with the next four.  One
right after the other, each harder than the one before, until he knew he was so
close to cumming again from the pain that he panicked.  "Please, Mistress, May
I, please."

	"No pretty face, or at least not yet.  After I leave, you, Kevin and Vicky
can play all you want.  But not until I leave.  I mean it.  You are going to
have to learn how to control yourself."  She waited for him to slowly stand up
before rising to her feet.  "Now, I don't care if the three of you fool around. 
But there will be no intercourse.  Do you all understand me?  You can do Mutual
masturbation, dry humping, and oral sex, yes.  But no intercourse, Kevin is
still reeling from his attack.  Vicky has never had sex with a man, and you,
Jamie.  Well you know where your weakness lies.  A virgin you might not be, or
at least not to women, but that is where that ends.  I want your first time to
be with Nick, and I am sure he will too."  She looked up to see Anise standing
in the door.  "Elder, how long have you been there watching?"

 	Since just before you spanked that boy you have for your brother.  I still
say you are far too soft on your pets.  You should have doubled that.  But I
know you, and you have such a soft heart for them.  You only get truly nasty
when it comes to someone hurting one of them.  Now are you finished here?  It is
getting close to dawn and I want to see you tucked in bed and asleep before I
finally find my rest.  Your father might be here by the time you sleep at dawn
tomorrow, but for now, it is still just me."

	Kris looked at him smiling.  "Have you fed at all tonight?"

	He just chuckled.  "Yes, that sweet little one you have there, she was quite
willing after we put away all the things in the kitchen.  And you are right
Chile, she is very sweet."

	Vicky looked at Kris, a little touch of worry in her eyes.  "You aren't
upset with me are you Mistress?  He said you wouldn't be, that it was okay."

	"Vicky!"  Kris shot her a look of disgust.  "I already told you, he is your
master as surely as I am your mistress.  Of course I'm not mad.  Now if you had
said no and ran to hide behind me from him, then I would have been mad.  But you
didn't so let it go.  I am tired, it is late, and I don't have time to spank you
for being silly.  So go play with the boys and let it go." She shook her head
muttering to herself about silly children as she moved to stand beside Anise. 
"Now I meant what I said, the three of you play.  Jamie, Kevin, it will do you
both a lot of good to get used to sharing pleasure with another man.  Vicky, you
too.  I want you three to cum at least, a bare minimum of three times each
before you sleep.  I will be checking, and the one that doesn't mind me, gets
ten smacks when I rise I with the setting of the sun."  She closed the door and
locked it.

	Vicky looked at the two, not sure if she should be afraid of them or not. 
So far, her mistress had been kind, the master as well.  But they had left the
room, locking it behind them.  Now she was alone in a room with two men that she
didn't know.  "We best do as she says."  She finally decided that know them or
not, even if they weren't quite as gentle as her mistress and master had been,
she didn't want to risk making her mistress mad.

	Jamie nodded.  "Yeah, she just 'spanked' me and it was only five smacks, I
don't want to go for ten.  She wants me to learn control, but damn, you have no
idea what it was like to try to keep it when she was hitting me."

	Vicky giggled.  "Wanna bet?"

	Kevin looked at both of them.  Could he do what he had been ordered to do? 
It was different when his mistress had been with him.  It really didn't matter
who was with her, but now, alone?  "Jamie, right?"  Jamie nodded.  "We are only
going to fool around like she said, aren't we?  Please, the last time, it hurt
so much.  I, I'll do anything she wants me too, but we are only going to fool
around?"

	Jamie grabbed his shoulders and made him look directly at him.  "You'd
better damn believe it.  I go too far with either of you, or either of you goes
too far with me, and she is going to be real mad at us.  I've already felt what
it feels like to take her idea of a spanking, and it was only five swats.  God
only knows what she would do to me, or you, if one of us hurts the other."  Like
it or not, he was going to have to get used to this, and do so as fast as
possible.  He never realized when he said yes, that his mistress was going to
end up, giving him to another man, but now that he knew it.  He was going to
have to learn to live with it, and hopefully find some kind of peace with it. 
Because, if, he didn't.  He was going to be one sorry slave.  He had no say in
anything that happened to him anymore.  He had been sold to his mistress, and
now, would have to learn to come to terms with it.

	Kevin fought down the instinctive urge to pull away as Jamie leaned in to
kiss him.  He had gone from one hell into what promised to be a better life, but
he still had to accept that he would have to learn to submit to men.  Even if
they were as much as slave as he was.



	Kris lay, curled up by Anise.  She was a little worried about the five that
they had just locked up.  It went against her nature to lock any of their pets
behind doors.  But, what choice had she had?  Vicky she was pretty sure wouldn't
do anything stupid.  The little girl was just too beat down to even think of
running.  And maybe Jamie as well, she'd fed from him twice and he from her
three times.  Even after spanking him.  She just didn't see him trying to leave. 
But Kevin and the twins, that was a touchy subject.  Dennis after his reaction
to being fed from would probably just fine.  But Denise, she was still so iffy. 
And Kevin, the boy had just been saved from some mean hearted bastards.  And was
still too ready to bolt.  So all in all, she really didn't have a choice.

	"Your mind is not settling Childe."  Anise whispered in her ear.  Pulling
her back even more into his arms.  "What is wrong?"

	"Nothing Anise, just trying to convince myself that I did right by locking
them in.  I have never had to lock any of our pets into a room before.  Never in
my life," she giggled.  "Or un-life, and I am not real sure I like doing it."

	"It is only for one day Kris.  When you put them to bed at dawn tomorrow,
there will be others here that can keep an eye on them while you sleep.  It is a
necessary evil.  You know what would happen to one of them if they ran.  Jessy
was the one that found out first what would happen to mortals who failed to
share blood with him often.  Do you wish to risk that?"

	She turned around, pressing her head against his chest.  "No, that is the
only thing that has kept me from going and unlocking the damn doors.  Vicky I'm
not worried about, Jamie I think is going to be good.  But Kevin and Denise,
those two are still haven't come to full terms with their new lives yet.  So
they stay locked, for now."

	Anise kissed the top of her head.  "Go to sleep Child.  Let the worries rest
for now.  Soon enough you can deal with them and all that they are feeling.  But
for now, it is late.  And has been as hard a night for you as it has been for
them.  So go to sleep."



	Dennis held his sister as she cried.  "Come on Sis.  You are the one that
was so ready to come here.  No one has hurt us, and she has been real nice so
far.  What is the problem?"

	She looked up at him, tears flowing down her cheeks.  "Denny, you don't
understand."  She tried to explain what was going on in her head and heart. 
"Our mistress, she's, she's . . .." She just couldn't go on.

	"A vampire, yeah, I got that figured out already.  So, did she hurt you? 
She didn't me, if anything, I, hope like hell she decides to bite me again, real
soon."

	"But, Denny, she's a woman.  I don't feel things like I did when she bit me
for women."  She couldn't make him get it.  When her mistress had fed off of
her, all she had wanted to do was beg her to never stop.  It had been so
wonderful.

	Dennis grabbed her forcing her to look up at him.  "Look Sis.  I knew coming
here that I was going to have to learn, if not to love a man, at least come to
terms with the fact that he was going to use me.  Why should you get off
Scot-free?  You are lucky.  You only have one mistress to learn to accept.  Me,
I have two, master's.  Now chill out and go to sleep.  Wait, just as soon as she
gets here tonight, she'll make it better."  He slowly eased her back on the bed. 
He had spent so much of his young life, taking care of her, protecting her. 
That he was finally feeling relieved at the prospect of their mistress and
master's doing the job for him.  He wasn't sure about his master's, but he
believed his mistress when she had given him her word that she would see to it
her sister was taken care of always.

		*	*	*

	Kris was very surprised, as she came alive with the setting of the sun the
following evening.  Ariel and Kelly stood in the door to their room.  "What time
is it?"  Kris was up, worried that she had slept too long and the new pets she
had just taken on were suffering.

	"About six in the evening.  The sun is just going down good, Mistress." 
Ariel smiled at her.

	Kris stopped and looked at them in confusion.  "Six in the evening?  But, I
was told he wouldn't be bringing you all here until right before sunrise."

	Kelly laughed as Ariel giggled.  "After hearing from you, and what you were
up against with that new girl.  He had up pack him in a, sealed, crate and bring
him home during the day.  It's just now getting dark enough for him to wake.  He
was fir to be tied after hearing what that psycho bitch had done to her.  And
none of us have even seen her yet."

	Kris lay a hand on Anise arm.  "Elder, it's sunset."

	Dark eyes opened to smiled down at her.  "Yes, Childe, I know that.  I have
been awake for a while now, just didn't feel the need to leave this bed.  I
heard that my great grandson has braved the sun to come home during the day to
be with you.  And to see the condition of that poor little one that you saved."

	Kris pulled up.  "Let me go see to making sure that they all are okay, and
then I will bring the five of them up to meet the gang."  She kissed Kelly. 
"Hey baby, everything go okay?"

	"Yes, Ma'am."  He grinned at her.  "After I finished packing, I took an hour
long shower and two enema's, just to make sure I was good and clean.  Greased
myself up real well, and have been being chased from room to room by Steve, and
Nick, as well as my master.  I have been truly and thoroughly fucked, at least a
dozen times."  He followed her as she left the room to seek the locked doors. 
"You locked them in?"

	"I didn't much have a choice baby.  All that was here was Anise and I, and
we can't keep an eye on five at once.  Besides, I was deadbeat, and Anise had
been going on little rest for the last few days.  So we crashed."  She unlocked
the room with the twins in it.  Not at all surprised to see them both awake with
Denise huddled against her brother.  "Evening sweethearts."  She came into the
room slowly, ever aware of just how touchy Denise was.  "Told you I would make
it back in time."

	Denise looked from her to Kelly who was standing in the doorway.  "Who is
that, Mistress?  Is he our master?"

	Kelly almost choked trying to keep from laughing.  "No, girl.  I'm just one
of the crew that belong to her and our master.  Chill, honey, I don't bite." 
Then he winked at her.  "Unless you ask real nice."

	"Kelly, behave."  Kris shot him a firm look.  "Can't you see she is
terrified?"  She moved to sit on the bed beside the two.  "So, kids, did either
of you get any rest today?"

	Dennis looked down, running a hand through his hair.  "I had tried Mistress,
but Denise, she kept trying to strangle me ever time the house settled.  I kept
trying to tell her it was like you said, and was an old house.  But well, she
wasn't listening to me none."

	Kris had fussing noises at Dennis.  "You be nice.  I didn't have the time I
had wanted to have to share with her last night, so of course she was going to
be a little jumpy.  It wasn't her fault that the first time I fed from you, you
decided that you liked belonging to me.  She isn't like Vicky.  Virginity for a
girl is much different than it is for a boy."  She stroked Denise's cheek.  "You
tell your brother to leave you alone.  You are doing just fine, considering that
you just sort of got left in the dust last night with all that was going on."

	"So here is where you are hiding."  Jessy's amused voice from the door.  "I
kept wondering if you were ever going to come up stairs.  I now see you have
your hands full."

	Kris turned to smile at him.  "Father, I couldn't believe it when I saw
Ariel and Kelly.  You really let them seal you in a crate?"

	"Yes, your brother with me.  He is still upstairs, asleep.  But he should be
coming alive soon enough."  He smelled the strong stench of fear.  "Do you need
my help Childe?"

	Kris shook her head, as Denise threw her arms around her, staring at Jessy
in terror.  "No, Father, I think I have things under control right now.  If I
could just get these boys to stop teasing her, that is."  She lifted Denise's
face.  "Isn't that so, sweetie?"

	Denise looked at Jessy.  "He is my, Master right, Mistress?"

	Kris nodded.  "One of them at any rate.  Nick is still asleep, he's still
just a baby, and babies need a lot of sleep."

	Kelly laughed, trying not to make too much noise.  "A baby with a eight inch
boner that is."

	Kris shot him a look of fury.  "Kelly, take yourself upstairs and tell
Steven, I told him to punish you for your mouth.  I have already told you to
stop.  You are doing nothing but scaring her more.  And she is scared enough
without anyone making it worse."

	Kelly looked at Jessy.  A look of worry in his eyes, "Master?"

	"Did she tell you to stop once already?"

	Kelly nodded.  "Yes, Master."

	"Then best you hurry up and do what she said.  Anise is still here, and he
thinks I am too soft on all of you anyway, and she is right.  The little one is
so terrified that the stench of her fear is damn near maddening."  Jessy entered
the room to come to where Kris was holding the girl.  "Poor little one.  Is this
the girl you told me about on the phone last night?  I haven't bothered to
look."

	Kris shook her head.  "No that is Vicky, she is in the other room with Jamie
and Kevin.  This is Denise and her twin Dennis.  If I am not mistaken her fear,
is mostly not only because she is still a virgin, but that she found pleasure
from me last night when not only did I feed from her, but shared my blood with
her as well.  I think if I can just get her to drink from me again, a lot of the
fear is going to be gone.  But I haven't had time to do that, because I have
been defending her from her brother and Kelly."

	Jessy nodded.  "Which room are they in?"  I remember when I had to do it all
back when you were as young as Nick is.  I don't want you to have to go through
that at the moment.  I have you horribly spoiled, and happen to like you that
way."

	"Hold on Father, why don't you share blood with Dennis here, while I tend to
Denise.  Then we can take them with us and go and unlock the door.  If they see
you without seeing me first, Gods I don't even want to think how Vicky will
react."

	Jessy nodded.  Pulling out a blade.  And handing it to Kris first.  Watching
as she coaxed the girl to lean forward so that she could drink from the wound
that she was cutting into her throat.  Before taking the knife from her and
turning to Dennis.  "Don't be afraid of me boy.  I promise, I will not hurt
you."  He smiled as Dennis swallowed the lump in his throat and nodded.  "Good,
well why don't you just pull up here, and let me see to it that you don't run
the risk of making my promise a lie."

	Dennis tried to smile.  But now he was almost as afraid as his sister had
been all night.  This was his master.  The one that could and would do whatever
he wanted to him.  What was worse, he knew that once he drank from him, there
would be a time that he would gladly do anything this man wanted him to do, no
questions asked.

	Jessy closed his eyes as the blade pressed into his skin.  Cutting deep
before her pulled the mortals mouth to him.  "Go on honey, drink."  It never
stopped the feeling that he felt any time one of those in his care fed from him. 
And the first time one of their pets took from him.  It was always the best.

	Dennis fell into his arms, pressing against him as he felt lips on his.  He
had been worried about how it would be to be taken by a man, but if this were
any indication, he would love it.

	Jessy just moaned.  All of a sudden he was hungry.  "Close you eyes boy.  I
am not going to hurt you, but I just woke, and I am hungry.  There are plenty in
the house for your mistress to feed from, but for now, I am eating for two."  He
licked Dennis's throat before locking down, feasting on the hot blood.  Feeling
the boy flinch just one and then again, he pressed even more into Jessy's arms.

	Dennis was in love.  There was no other way to describe the feelings he was
feeling.  His mistress had been so good to him, but she had not given him more
than the briefest time last night, and here now, his master held him, even as he
fed, his hands roamed over his body, bringing only feelings of pleasure, never
pain, or even discomfort.  He had never sought anyone else's bed before, but
then again, he was always too busy protecting his sister.  He was beginning to
believe as his hip thrust up into the hand to capture his erection in a gentle
but firm grasp.  That the reason he had never sought anyone else, is that he was
meant for this, and this man.

	"Warning Father, he is as much a virgin as she is.  So you can't expect him
to have a clue as to what control is."  Kris, who sat by Jessy, holding Denise
giggled as Dennis cried out in pleasure as his orgasm exploded from him, in long
ropes of jism.  "See what did I warn you about."

	Jessy laughed softly, lifting his hand to his mouth, licking the hot, white,
sticky mess of his hand.  "I do believe I will grow to love this one, in no time
at all."

	"I think you will find the rest just as easy to love Father."  Kris looked
down to where Denise lay against her.  "I know I am fastly growing too."

	Jessy kissed him once more pleased that Dennis was just as eager to kiss
him, as he was, the boy.  "Well, I hate to stop this dear.  But if we don't
hurry up and to and see to the others, then I am worried with as short a time
that you all have been with here, the risk of suffering is just too great.  But
this is a promise I make you.  I will not hurt you, and your deflowering will be
as painless as it is beautiful, ask any of those in your house that I love."

	Dennis just shrugged.  "It's cool, Master.  I trust you, I trust my
Mistress.  Either of you could have hurt me half a million different ways
already, and you didn't, so why should you start now?"

	Kris giggled.  "You listen to your brother honey, he has the way of it.  We
are stronger than any one mortal is.  And choose not to hurt those in our keep,
because, it is not fair to hurt those that are so much weaker than us.  It's
like a grown man beating a toddler."

	When they made it to the room, it was open, and Anise was in the room,
seeing to the three.  "Oh, shoot, I forgot about you Elder."  Kris looked rather
embarrassed.  "So, how are they doing?"

	Anise looked up from where Vicky had been feeding from him.  "Much better
than those two were.  I smelt the fear, so I decided to come and see if I could
take care of these three."

	"Thank you Anise."  Kris hugged him.  "I am only one person, and the boys
teased Denise so much that she almost fainted from fright."  She gestured back
to where Denise was standing just outside the door.  "But she's alright now,
isn't that right, baby?"

	The girl looked up, blushing.  "Yes, Mistress."  It still was a little
shocking to her to feel what she felt when she was with her mistress.  She had
never dreamed that any woman could have her feel what her mistress did, every
time she either shared her blood with her, or fed from her.

	"Is this the one, Kris?"  Jessy looked at Vicky, who was curled up in
Anise's arms.

	"Yeah, I would have seen to it that her scars were gone, but I wanted you to
see what that bitch did to her first.  A lot of them are gone, but there is
still enough present that you can get a readers digest version of what she had
looked like when I stepped in, and if you need to get the full story, just look
in my eyes.  I will be more than happy to show you.  That boy there, too."  She
pointed at Kevin who was trying to hide behind Jamie.  "Come here honey.  I
didn't hurt you last night did I?"

	Kevin shook his head, still hiding behind Jamie as he looked at Jessy.

	Anise gently settled Vicky on the bed, and stood up, reaching for Kevin. 
"You remember me child, right?  I was the one that stopped that mad man from
hurting you last night and brought you home to your mistress and master's." 
Kevin nodded.  "Then you know I won't hurt you.  Nor will I lie to you.  Your
new master is my great grandChilde.  He is your mistress's father.  He will
never do to you what those others did.  You are safe here."

	Kevin looked from him to Jessy, then to Kris, before breaking down into
tears.  "I'm sorry, please, I'm sorry."

	"Damn them."  Kris moved at once to gather him to her, shushing his cries. 
"Why are you sorry, honey, for being afraid?  Hell Kevin if I had been through
all you had been through, I would be terrified too.  But that is okay.  Ask my
Father, we will never let anyone hurt you like that again."  She held him close
gently rocking him as he struggled to control himself.

	Jessy was too busy seeing what was left of Vicky's scars, and as he looked
into the girls gray eyes and the full story fell from her mind in one horrifying
way of pain and fear, he began to feel his blood boil.  "I am going to kill this
bitch."  He was so furious.  How could anyone do this to another.  He had been a
master long enough to have learned how to give those like her what they needed
for emotions and mental balance and stability.  But to take it this far, to use
their needs against them like this woman had with this child.  No, no
responsible master or mistress would ever do this.  "You just forget her little
one.  She can never touch you again.  I will see that she pays for what she did
to you, and pays for a very long time."

	"Please, Master you won't use my weakness against me will you?"  She was so
used to her mistress laughing at her as she cried in the middle of being
tortured, only to cry victory when she had lost all control and even as she bled
from wounds and screamed as her old mistress would stitch her up, cum, again and
again.

	"First of all, what you call a weakness, is actually in its own way one of
your greatest strengths, and no, tease you, test you, yes.  But never, do you
hear me?  Never will, your mistress or I, do to you what that thing did.  I
refuse to call her a person.  That would imply that she was human, and no human
does this to another.  Not even my kind, back when we hunted would have done to
you what she did.  We killed when we fed.  Yes, that is true.  But I have never
heard of any of us doing to a mortal what she did to you.  Not even Marcus, as
mad as he was when he made your mistress the first time and hurt her like he
did, had done this much."  He sniffed the air around her.  "I smell blood little
one.  Are you still wounded in some way?"

	Vicky blushed again, as Kris broke into peels of laughter.  "The blood you
smell Father, is her last monthly flow.  I think that was what messed with my
head so much last night.  Between losing Puck and Darlin, and that.  I just sort
of lost my shit for a moment.  That was the time that the Elder had to step in
and stop me from going too far with her."

	Jessy's eyebrow shot up and became one with his hairline.  "Are you telling
me, she's on her period?"  When Kris nodded he grinned.  "I have never not even
when I hunted run across one that had such a gift to offer me."  He looked down
at Vicky, cupping her chin in his hand.  "You do understand that this is the
last one that you will ever have?"

	"Yes, Master my Mistress explained that to me last night.  She was so
thrilled when she found out."  She was grinning.  She had never though anyone
would ever be happy she was indisposed in such a fashion, her old mistress used
to be so mad at her when her cycle was upon her so much that she would see to it
that that was not the only place she bled.

	"Well go on Father, it is so sweet, it tastes even better than blood from
her jugular.  I'm going to take the rest up stairs and introduce them to their
new housemate's and see that Nick meets Jamie.  He's a birthday present from me. 
Sort of a welcome to the family gift."  She giggled as Jamie blushed.  "Oh,
before I forget.  Did you three do what I told you to do this morning?"

	"Yes Mistress."  Was the response of all three.  As they each looked
anywhere but at her.  It had been so wild.  Jamie and Kevin had never imagined
that they would ever feel anything like they had from each other, and Vicky,
well, she was so used to obeying that it never once crossed her mind not to do
just exactly what Kris had told her to do.

	*What had you told them to do Kris? *

	*They were so excited, I told them to play, and that they each were to cum
at least three times.  But I also told them not to go all the way.  I was making
sure that was left for you and Nick. *

	Jessy nodded as he gently lay Vicky back on the bed.  "I take it you had a
good time this morning?"  He kissed her lightly, careful not to frighten her. 
She was already too close to fear that all it would take is a single display of
dominance from him and she would fall apart.  Later, that would be a nice thing
to see, but for now.  All he wanted to do was to taste the blood that he smelled
from her so strongly.

	"Yes, Master.  They didn't hurt me.  They were nice to me.  I didn't know
that anyone other than my mistress could be nice to me."

	Jessy hushed her. Stroking her breast, that still had some ugly scarring. 
"Close you eyes baby, let me see to this."  He had helped to repair many of his
pets.  So he knew just what she needed.  "Has Anise fed from you tonight?"  Kris
might have started this, but he would finish it.

	Vicky fought down her response to beg him to spare her.  She was being
silly.  She knew that.  This was her master.  He had every right to do this. 
"No, Master."

	"Would it upset you if I did?  I want to help your mistress see that you are
fully healed, but I need a little of your blood so that mine can work better on
your body."

	"The other master, fed from me last night, Master.  He didn't hurt me.  And
my mistress told me that if I resisted, she would be mad at me."  She turned her
head, offering her throat to his mouth.

	Jessy just shook his head.  He could well see Kris saying something like
that to the girl.  His Childe was so gentle, but when it came to some things,
she was a total bitch. 

	He had just fed just a few minutes ago, so there was no hunger.  But he
needed to taste her blood.  His body needed to react to it so that when he went
to heal her, he could do so quickly.

	Vicky, moaned, low at the feel of his slow pull, it was so nice.  Why hadn't
her old mistress been this kind to her.  The prospect of learning that her
weakness was nothing to be ashamed of.  That one could be teased and tormented
without feeling ashamed or being pushed too far.  It was all like a fairy tale. 
He hand lifted to stroke Jessy's hair as he fed from her, slowly.  Just enough
to get a good feel for her, but no more. 

	His head lifted lips closing on hers as he felt the stirring in his body
that all feedings gave him.  He had fed once tonight so far, and had, had to
pull away from that darling boy to help his Childe see to the others.  Well no
matter.  Once he saw to it that the scars were nothing but a bad memory.  He
would see to it that she leaned that he would never hurt her, truly cause her
pain, or at least not more than he felt she could gladly accept.  And never to
the extent that had been pushed on her before.  "It is going to be difficult for
me to tend to you with as sweet as you smell little one.  I might lose my mind." 
He chuckled at her blush.  "Or perhaps you may wish I had, hmmm?"  He lowered
his mouth to her left breast. Licking the nipple, watching as it hardened.  The
scars still there from where it had been cut from her, and then sewn back on
over and over again, though slightly fainter, were still very much visible.  He
bit his lip, before taking it into his mouth and beginning to suck.  Biting her
just hard enough to draw blood to mix, with, his own to see to it that the scars
faded.

	Vicky gasped at the feel of his bite, but them she moaned as he pulled his
fangs back to continue to lick and suck at her nipple.  It was like nothing she
had ever felt before.  Not even her mistress had made her feel like this. 
"Master?"

	Jessy looked up, a glint of concern in his green eyes.  "Am I hurting you
little one?"

	She shook her head.  "No, Master.  It's just, I have never felt anything
like this."

	He smiled relaxing.  "Well then my dear, get ready to feel a lot of things
you have never felt before."  And he went back to seeing to her care.  Moving to
her right breast to tend it as carefully as he had her left.

		*	*	*

	Denise tried not to pull back as Kris led them into the living area of the
home.  But it wasn't easy.  She was still coming to terms with the fact what her
mistress had made her feel.

	Kris pulled her close.  "Hi, folks, I have a few new friends I would like
you t meet."  She looked over to where Nick sat, looking absolutely miserable. 
"Hungry, Nick?"

	Nick nodded.  "If you only knew.  Been trying to control myself until our
father makes it back upstairs.  But I'm real afraid that I'm not going to make
it."  He looked at her with fear and worry in his dark blue eyes.  "I don't have
shit for control Kris, what happens if I can't control myself, and end up
killing one of them?"

	Kris left the four standing where they were and moved to pull him into her
arms.  "Ssshh, Nicky.  Go on little brother.  Just as soon as you get a better
grip on yourself, I have someone I want you to meet.  But for now, go on and
feed."

	She realized as Nick sobbed against her throat, feeding.  That he hadn't
been far off the mark with his worries.  He didn't have any control right now. 
What with just having rose from his sleep, and being newborn and all.  *Go on
Nick, your hunger isn't going to kill me, I can stop you if you take it too far. 
So just relax and enjoy. *  She had been so worried when she was his age and
Jessy would feed her, that she was going to hurt him with her hunger.  And Nick
was as gentle and timid as she used to be.  So she wanted to put an end to that
worry, now and not later.

	Nick fed for a few more minutes before Kris gently and carefully pushed him
back.  *Enough Nick.  I haven't eaten yet tonight either.  Let me grab a bite to
eat, and then we will see how you are doing.  But for right now, you're okay. *

	It was still so hard for Nick to pull back.  If it hadn't been for the fact
that his older sister was stronger than he was, he might have never been able to
do it.  "Thanks Kris.  You have no idea how much I needed that."

	Kris only laughed at him.  "That is what you think.  I have been where you
are, twice.  Once when Marcus made me what I am, and then again when our father
remade me his.  So trust me honey, I know exactly what you are going through." 
She patted his leg.  "But now that I have you settled.  I have someone I want
you to meet, well actually four someone's I want you to meet, but one
unparticular."  She held out her hand to the four that were still standing
there, silent.  Each of them was trying in their own way not to draw attention
to themselves.  "Jessy is still downstairs taking care of the little girl that I
saved from an abusive mistress last night.  She was pretty messed up.  Kevin was
too, but I took care of him already."  She squeezed Kevin's fingers.  "He's
better now, but last night when Anise brought him home, Christ, he was a mess. 
Some son of a bitch had branded him.  He had welts all over his body, the worse
of them on his groin.  Just as soon as I get calmed down enough to decide to
deal with them.  I am going to, see, if I own stock in the company, and if I
don't, I am going to buy it.  Even if I have to do some thing I am not quite as
good at as Jess was at my age, and dominate a whole lot of them to get them to
sell it to me.  And once I have it.  I am going to personally see to it that who
ever did to him what was done, pays and pays big time."

	Nick nodded his agreement.  He had grown up in a home that had pets, or,
slaves had been one for over a hundred and seventy years.  And never, once had
he been treated unfairly.  "So how is he holding up so far Kris?  After living
through what you just descried, he should look a whole hell of a lot more
upset."

	Kris looked to Kevin.  "How are you doing tonight, baby?  All the bad things
gone?"

	Kevin hated to be singled out for anything.  Even if it was only for a
question.  Being singled out had too many bad memories for him.  "Yes, Mistress.
Your, slave, I mean I am doing well tonight.  Thank you for asking."  He could
kick himself for that slip.  He had made a promise to himself as he lay in bed
after he and Jamie had finished not only with each other but with Vicky as well. 
That he would do everything in his power to please his new mistress and
master's.  So far, he had been treated better in one night, than he had been
since he was forced into slavery.  "Sorry Mistress, I didn't mean to slip.  Just
not used to being a person again, I guess."

	"Fucking assholes."  Nick stood up and moved to take Kevin's hand.  "It's
okay, you have all the time in the world to work out your identity problems that
some dick-head did to you.  Kris isn't going to yell at you, my father isn't
going to yell at you.  And me, hell kid, I was just like you this time last
week.  I sure as hell ain't going to yell at you."

	"Thank you Master, you are too kind to me."  Kevin looked down.  As Nick
pulled him close.

	"Hey, Kris, you have your own special pets, father has his, can I have him? 
I think I understand him better than you.  You were never a pet, I was."  He
held Kevin close.  "I won't ever short any of the others my time and love, you
know that, but he needs me."

	"Sure, but he isn't the one I got for you.  Jamie is.  But he and Jamie
spent the night together last night and are comfortable with each other."  She
pointed to Jamie who stood there, watching Nick closely.  "Nick, I would like
you to meet Jamie.  Pretty face, this is my brother that I told you about last
night.  He is now your primary master, the one you belong too.  More than to me
or my father."

	Jamie dropped to his knees at once.  "Master."  His fingers were laced
behind his head in a very standard slave presentation.

	"Damn, Kris, did you have to make sure he started calling me that already?"

	Kris just chuckled.  "Wasn't my doing Nicky.  They all already come trained
to think that way.  It's going to be hell to get the new ones to get to a point
that they don't call you that.  It sucks I know, it took me years to fully come
to grips with being called mistress, I even tried to get them to go with ma'am,
but as you know, I only had a so-so luck with that one.  So get used to hearing
the word master from them, the new ones at any rate.  Eventually, they will grow
to be comfortable enough with you and belonging to you, that the word master
won't be needed every time they talk to you.  But it took Randy almost twenty
years to get to that point with Jessy.  Lucky are you, that now, what with you
being of the blood, you really do have damn near forever to teach them to
lighten up."




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 9



	Vicky looked up, as Jessy gently made his way back up her body.  It had been
unlike anything she had ever felt before.  The closest had been the night before
as her mistress had gone done down on her.  She had, had, more orgasms with out
pain than she had ever had in her life.  And now, she knew she should be afraid. 
Men had not only never interested her, they had terrified her.  But after all
the pleasure he had given her, the thought of offering him even this small token
in appreciation was only right and proper for her to give.

	Jessy had not been this tempted by a mortal, even one of his precious pets
in a long time.  The very fact that he had been able to feast on her freely
without fear of hurting her as he cleaned the blood from her vagina was a truly
wondrous thing.  And when he had pulled the latex type cover from her cervix, to
catch the blood that had been held there the whole night, and had been freed. 
He had almost really gone mad.  He had licked and sucked at her until, for the
moment, there was no more blood flowing from her.  Listening to her cries of
pleasure, not pain, as he had drove her past the point of reason so many times.

	He was rather pleased with himself.  He knew how gender biased she was, it
was clear in her thoughts as she chose to welcome him as a show of gratitude for
what he had given her.  He smiled to himself.  Soon enough, biased or not, she
would realize that he was not like most men, and knew what she wanted and
needed.  And once he was finished.  She would be even happier as he introduced
her to Melody.

	His green eyes caught her gray.  No words, just a solid wall of comfort and
assurance that he would not hurt her that she would never feel anything but
pleasure like this from him.

	She moaned low in her throat as Jessy entered her slowly, pausing as his
pelvic bone met hers to grind against her with gentle but strong movements. 

	Vicky tried to pull up, to hurry him, as he kept up the slow easy, thrust
then grind.  But every time she tried to push up, he would stop and pull away
until she calmed down and laid back.  "Better now?"

	She nodded, resigned to the fact that her master was going to do this at his
own speed and his speed alone.  "I'm sorry, Master.  I won't be bad again."

	Jessy murmured softly.  "You aren't being bad, honey, a trifle in a rush,
maybe.  But not bad."  He resumed his slow and easy pace.  His movements were
closer to rocking than to thrusts.  He was her first man.  The idea of being a
woman's first man was one that was new to him.  Now for his male pets, he was
very often their first.  But even Melody had once had a lover who was male.  She
had just chosen to limit her partners to only women.

	She lay under him, lost in the slow and easy motions of his loving.  At the
pace he was going, she was going to lose her mind, long before he finally gave
into the pleasure again, but oh what a delightful way to go.  Her fingers locked
in his hair as her lips opened to his as he began to kiss her, for the first
time with any heat and force.

	The change of his rhythm was so unexpected that it caught Vicky off guard. 
She screamed, as, suddenly his slow and easy rocking thrusts, became fast and
hard hammering ones.  She sobbed holding him as she was thrown almost at once
into a mind-numbing climax.  "Oh, Master, oh, please, yes."  She babbled as she
felt one right after the other rack through her.  It was so powerful.  It hurt,
but felt wonderful at the same time.

	She screamed one last time as a blazing heat raced through her as he sank
his fangs into her throat.  Tensing for just one brief moment, before losing
consciousness.

	Jessy was far too gone to stop as he felt her lose consciousness.  He knew
he hadn't hurt her.  That this swoon, was, for an all-together different reason. 
One that stroked his male ego and made him more pleased with things than he had
been in many years.  To think, she was a virgin to men, and he, her first had
sent her so far into the realm of pleasure that she had swooned from it.

	He slowed his movements down to, finish, enjoying himself on her body.  She
was too far-gone to notice anything else.

	*Vicky, little one are, you still with me? *  Jessy stroked her hair gently
as he called her back to the world around her.

	Bright, clear gray eyes opened slowly.  "M-Master?"  She looked up at him. 
"What happened?"

	Jessy kissed her nose lightly.  "It would seem, that you are just as
susceptible to me and the rest of my pets are.  You fainted on me honey."

	Vicky giggled.  "Wow, Master.  I never thought, the last time I passed out
it was from pain, but never like this."

	Jessy looked at her with worry.  "Did I hurt you honey?"

	She shook her head, emphatically.  "No, Master.  If anything, it was the
best I have ever felt before in my life.  Thank you."

	He chuckled.  "For what my dear, for enjoying myself with you?  Trust me
Vicky, you don't have to thank me for that, your body did that already."  He
kissed her one last time before pulling away.  "Well, I suppose we need to get
upstairs before your mistress comes looking for us.  Besides, I have someone who
is just dying to meet you."  He rose off the bed and held out a hand to her.  "I
am going to see if I can talk Ariel and Melody into going out and doing some
serious clothes shopping for the lot of you.  As pretty as you are right now.  I
don't think I want you to run around all night the time looking quite that
inviting."

	Vicky looked up at his in shock.  "Clothes, Master?  I haven't been allowed
to wear clothes for the last two years."

	"Well, then it is high time you got used to them again, don't you think?" 
He extended his hand again.  "Now, come on honey.  There is a whole bunch of
people up there that would like to meet you."



	Jessy led her up the stairs and into the main part of the living area. 
Where her stopped as Nick was trying to convince Jamie that he really didn't
need to kneel to him.

	Jessy kept his opinions to himself as he led Vicky to where Kris was sitting
with Denise and Dennis.  "It looks like I am going to have to get back in touch
with Henry.  I had been meaning to talk to him for the last few years, but now
that we are back in the states.  I suppose I really don't have an excuse
anymore."

	Kris looked at him and began to laugh.  "Jess, love, go take a look in a
mirror."  She just laughed even harder when Vicky blushed.  "You too little one. 
The two of you look a mess."

	Jessy looked at Vicky.  "I am to assume I have more mess on my face than she
does?"  Kris just nodded laughing.  "Dear me, I always have prided myself on
being a neat eater, but then again, my means do not usually cover my face quite
like she did.  Come on honey.  Let's go and wash up.  No sense in scaring the
rest."

	"Before you step out of the room, Childe, I wish to give you my leave.  I
have enjoyed my stay here, but now that you have come, I need to go."  He held
out a hand to Vicky.  "Pity that I have never had any interest in your needs,
child.  I feel if I had, I would pester your master to allow me to take you and
see to it that you were kept with those in my house."  He leaned down, licking
her blood from her cheek before kissing her.  "But alas, I am sure that you
would be much happier here than with me."  Then he pulled Jessy close.  "I am
proud of you.  Your Childe has proven that you are indeed a fine father, even if
you are young."

	"She has never been anything but a joy to me, Elder.  And as she continues
to grow, I don't see that changing.  I left my mother's house before I was her
age, now I understand what Janis must have felt like when I did.  I honestly do
not wish to ever see her leave me, lucky for me, she is more than just my
Childe."  He hugged the older man. 

	"Never happen honey, I'm your wife, your mate even before I am your Childe." 
Kris lay a hand on his shoulder.  "Thanks Anise, I don't know how I would have
made it if you hadn't been there to help me."

	They took their leave taking of Anise before turning to look at the rest of
the room.  "I suppose I need to go get cleaned up."

	She smiled.  "Well hurry up then.  With the thoughts Dennis has running
through his head right now, if you don't hurry up and tend to him, he is going
to end up jumping you soon."

	Jessy laughed looking over at the young mortal that blushed.  "You don't
say.  Are you sure he is a virgin Kris?"

	Kris nodded.  "And would like nothing more than not to be.  Go on Father. 
I'll see to Nick and his two."  She looked over to where Nick was sitting on the
side of the bed against the wall, with both Kevin and Jamie on either side of
him.

	Kelly moved slowly to Kris.  "Mistress."  He stood there.  "My Master has
ordered me to beg your forgiveness for my bad behavior.  He said if I do not get
it, he will whip me again.  Please Mistress I am sorry.  Please, forgive me,
don't send me back to him to be whipped again."

	Kris looked him up and down.  "Whipped you, you don't say.  I don't see any
welts."  She turned him around and his skin was still unblemished.  If Steven
called what he did to you a whipping, he is loosing his touch."

	"Please Mistress.  He bent me over the bed and used a belt on me.  I was
lashed with it twenty times. Please, forgive me Mistress, he will double it if
you don't."

	"Go back and tell him, I forgive you.  But Kelly the next time to don't
mind.  It will be my father that welds the belt.  And you know what that is
like."

	Kelly grabbed her hand, kissing it repeatedly.  "Thank you Mistress."  Then
he turned and hurried off to make peace with his lover.

	Kris looked up at two pair of eyes that met hers, fear and worry in them. 
"Relax babies.  That is Kelly, and he is a lot like Vicky, just not quite to her
extreme.  Trust me, he is going to go back and assure Steve that the problem is
taken care of, and we probably won't be seeing them for a few hours.  Kell is
almost aggressive after a bout with a whip, belt, cane, or lash, particularly if
Stevie targets is balls."

	Dennis shuddered but didn't say anything.  If his master and mistress wanted
to do that to him, what right did he have to argue?  But Denise began to cry
softly.  Holding on to her brother tightly.

	Kris was hungry, and still needed a shower, but all other considerations
were forgotten at the first sound of Denise's cries.  "Hey, honey, what is
wrong?"

	She looked up at her, her dark, doe, brown eyes seeking some kind of
assurance.  "Our master and you, you aren't going to do that to us, are you?"

	Kris sat beside her.  "No honey, we aren't.  Neither of you feels like that
is something you would find pleasure in.  So the only time you will feel pain
from one of us is if we have to punish you.  And that is, for the most part with
very few exceptions a spanking."  Then she smiled at the girl, going out of her
way to hide her fangs.  "Besides, baby, you're a girl.  Targeting your balls
would be a real hard trick."  She patted Denise's knee as that last comment
brought a giggle out of the girl.  "But for now, we don't need to go into the
rules of the house.  Later this evening, my father will explain to all of you
what is okay, and what will get you spanked, what will get you whipped, and what
will earn you much worse."  Her smile froze on her face as she looked up to
where Nick was sitting with his two.  *Nicky, pull back. *  She was up and
across the room like a shot.  She had forgotten how quickly the hunger could
take one of them who were as young as her little brother was.  *Now, Nick! * 
Her will came down on his, in a less than gentle fashion.  She didn't have time
to be gentle with him.  If she didn't get him to break off his blood lust, Jamie
was going to die."

	Nick pulled back, rubbing his temples.  "Damn Kris, that hurt.  I wasn't
going to hurt the boy, was just hungry, and he offered."

	Kris's closed fisted blow caught him across the mouth, knocking him flat on
the bed.  *Look at your pet, Nicholas.  If I hadn't stepped in when I did, you
would have done a whole lot more than just hurt him.  You would have killed him.
*  She didn't want to frighten any of the new mortals in the house, especially
not these two, who now belonged to her brother, so she screamed at him mind to
mind, only.  *For now, until you get a little control, you'd best make sure that
either father or I are around when you feed.  And you feed from one of us first
thing when you get up.  I mean it Nicky.  I didn't get you this pretty thing,
just so you could accidentally kill him by not having any control of your lust. 
We, do, not kill remember? *  She gave Nick an ugly look as she pulled Jamie
against her.  Ripping at her wrist with her fangs, she pressed it against his
lips.  "Go on, sweetie.  Your master is too young to let you share blood with
him yet, so you are stuck with my father or me.  And well Jessy has taken Vicky
aside and I think they are getting a quick shower, which means we might see them
in an hour or so."  She looked up, looking for one of the pets that she and her
father had, had with them for a long time.  *Robby, be a love and run get a big
glass of water for Nick's new pet here.  My brother forgot himself and came
close to draining him dry. *  She watched the worry fill his eyes as he nodded
and headed for the stairs, to go to the kitchen to get a glass of water. 
*Chill, kid.  I made a few blunders when I was as young as Nick is. No one was
hurt.  Jessy took care of everything back then.  And now, he and I can do the
same for Nick.  He won't hurt anyone.  We are just going to have to be there
when he feeds for a while to make sure that he doesn't loose himself too much
again.  It's okay, I promise. *  She looked at Jamie, who after taking from her,
had gone back to Nick and was curled up close to him, he wasn't afraid.  He
hadn't realized how close he had been to death.  Which was a good thing.  At
Nick's age, fear was hard to deal with.  "Nicky, Robby is running up to get your
boy here a drink of water, make sure he drinks it all."

	Nick nodded, stroking Jamie's hair as the mortal pressed against him.  *I'm
sorry, Kris.  It was stupid, I know.  Our father had warned me once already, I
just forgot. *

	*I know, been there, I know just how easy it is to forget.  Sorry for
hitting you, but you scared me. *

	*That is the first time you have ever hit me.  Is that what you meant when
you told me that now that I was really your little brother, you could squash me
and get away with it? *

	*I had only been kidding Nick.  But yes, as long as you had been only
mortal.  It didn't matter how much of Jessy's and my blood you had taken, you
were still mortal, and it would have been nothing to kill you.  But now, maybe
I'm not so sorry for hitting you after all.  You now have an understanding of
just how strong we really are.  And how strong you will be with a little time. *

	Robby hurried back into the room, with a large glass of water, moving close
to Nick, but not quite as close as he normally would, he extended his hand
offering it.  The stench of fear was not over powering, but it was still there.

	Tears the color of blood welled in Nick's eye's.  But before he could say
anything, Kris stepped in.  *Like this you two.  Jamie and Kevin have no clue
what just happened.  And for now, until they get a little more accustomed to
Nick and he gets a little more control.  I would just as soon they not know what
had almost happened.  Fear is not easy on a newborn Robby, and it doesn't matter
if you have known Nick for as long as you have been with us.  When Jessy gave
him to our family.  He became a newborn again. *

	Nick looked at the guy, who had been his friend, who had been his bedmate
more than once.  *I won't hurt you Robby, I love you, you are my friend.  I
didn't mean to forget to, ask for help from Kris.  I promise, it won't happen
again.  I don't want to hurt either of them, and I don't want Kris to ever, hit,
me again like she just did.  The bitch laid me flat. *

	*Robby, it wasn't really his fault.  It was mine.  I wasn't paying close
enough attention to him.  I know what he is going through, been there, done
that.  It was an accident, one that will, never, happen again.  Now you just go
one, curl up somewhere with Ariel and chill. *

	Robby nodded, the tension leaving his body as Kris's soothing energy wrapped
around him.  *Okay, Kris, sorry Nick.  I don't know what I was thinking.  I know
you love me.  If I ever had any doubt on that fact, it would have been ground
flat a long time ago. *  He leaned over and kissed Nick.  "Make sure he drinks
all the water, Nick.  Or Ariel will give me hell for days."  Robby hugged and
kissed Kris quickly smiled at the two that were looking at him in shock, and
headed off to find Ariel.

	"Master."  Jamie sounded shocked and scandalized.  "He just called you by
your name, and not master."

	"He's also been with us for close to twelve years kid.  He knew me long
before I became like I am now.  That is what I have been trying to get the two
of you to understand.  Most of them, who have been with us for longer than five
years, don't call Kris or my father, Master or Mistress, unless it is something
important.  Or one of the others, like Anise who is my great great-grand father. 
Is here, and then we don't call them anything but master and mistress."  Then he
laughed.  "I used to be one of them too.  But now, I am his son, so all I call
him is Jessy and father.  And Kris is just Kris.  Trust me, give it a few years,
and you will get the hang of it."



	Dennis looked up as Jessy followed by Vicky re-entered the room.  The other
master kind of frightened him a little, but this one, he could feel comfortable
with.  He had felt just as amused as his mistress had at his habit to lose
himself when he was either fed from or one of them gave him their blood.  He sat
up straighter hoping that his master would take time to notice him.

	Jessy had to struggle to keep from laughing.  But he knew that if he did the
boy would probably not understand the humor in it at all, and get his feelings
hurt.  "Hello sweet heart.  I see you are glad to see me."  He sat by Dennis,
totally ignoring the fact that for now he was as naked as the boy was.

	"Are you going to feed from me again, Master?"  Dennis was always more than
happy to be fed from.  He just loved the feeling that came when he was.

	"I'm not hungry right now.  But before the night is over, I will have too. 
Nick is feeding ten to twelve times a night, and I am much more comfortable if
he takes from Kris or I.  It won't be that long before he learns to, control,
himself and I won't have to worry about him anymore."  He pulled Dennis close. 
"I am going to have to sit down with Kris and Nick later tonight and decide is
it has been long enough yet.  For so long, we have refrained from renaming our
pets.  It hurt so much after so many of them died.  But now, the promise that at
last, we no longer have to automatically kill those we love, when their
mortality reaches to claim them.  That if they wish it, and I believe it is a
good idea, I can take them as one of my children."  He brushed his lips against
Dennis's brow.  "What about you, Dennis, would you mind taking a new name?  Not
one that is demeaning or demoralizing, but an endearment?"

	Kris looked up from where she still sat by Nick, and his two new pets.  "Are
you serious, Father?  I have been wondering when it was going to cross your mind
that it was seriously time to start renaming them again."

	"It's been over twenty years, Childe.  It took me that long to heal from the
pain that losing so many in such a short time caused me.  But even though I
still bleed inside from the loss of Puck and Darlin, it is time to go on.  And
now, with the fact that we no longer, must, kill them after our blood protects
them from moralities grip.  I think it is time we started again.  It is just
going to take me a few days to decide what name I should give them.  But yes, we
will start to give them all new names."

	Kris snapped her fingers.  "Speaking of Puck, hold on Jess.  I have
something I saved from DP's last night for you."  She got up and headed for the
closet that she had tucked the painting in.  "I know it is still too soon for us
to look at it for any great period of time, but I knew you would want it for
yourself."  She pulled out the painting, turning to carry it to where he sat. 
"I almost lost my shit last night when I saw this.  All this time, and it was
still exactly where Bobby hung it when Ryan gave it to him."  She lifted the
black draping from the painting, to expose the scene.

	Jessy sat there, silent looking at the painting that he had always been so
proud of.  It was of Angel hanging, arms cuffed and chained above him head, head
thrown back against Jessy in the painting.  There was a criss-cross of welts on
his body, a, few leaking blood.  His hips frozen forever in a forward thrust
into his hand.  Jessy's mouth pressed against his throat.  Fangs just barely
present and the blood from the wound under then was just the smallest of tints. 
The pleasure and joy in Angel's face was something that Jessy missed so much. 
He had dearly loved this pet.  As much and as surely as he had loved any of
those that he had fully mastered those first early years.  And the caption at
the bottom of the painting, in gold Calligraphy was as painful to him as the
painting.  'All In The Name Of Love'.  He remembered how Angel had cried when
Puck had given it to him for his grand opening present.  The painting was
perfect.  And the vampire touches were just right for the theme of the new club. 
It was a Gothic Fetish club, and at the time, vampires were in fashion.  If only
they had known how much so.

	Jessy put his head in his hands.  "Put it away, Childe.  You are right.  It
does mean so much to me to have this reminder of what once was returned to me. 
But I just can't look at it right now.  Thank you for thinking of me.  You have
no idea how much this means to me, but I just can't look at it right now."  He
was in tears.

	Kris dropped the black cover back over the painting and hurried to return it
to the closet.  After setting it carefully to one side.  She turned and hurried
back to him.  "I'm sorry Father, I never realized it would do this to you.  I
only wanted to bring it home.  It was one of his best works, and it belongs here
with us."  She held him close, supporting him as he wept.

	Jessy struggled to get, control, over himself again.  "No, Childe.  You
don't have to be sorry.  Of course you had to bring it home.  This is where it
belongs.  Just as soon as I can bear to look at it without wanting to weep, I
will hang it in my dungeon.  It was where Puck sketched it.  That is where it
belongs."

	Kris kissed him softly.  "I knew that.  I just couldn't leave it there, no
matter how much it fit in with the decor of the place.  I had to bring it home. 
We will do with it like we do with the painting Ryan did for me for my first
birthday, and no matter where we live, we will take it with us.  He would want
it that way."

	Jessy nodded.  "I have been one of my people for over three hundred years,
and Puck was the first and only one that I ever knew that was as gifted.  He was
a joy to have and a delight to love.  I don't care how long I live, or how many
of these dear ones that I will grow to love.  He was so very special.  Even
Aaron, who is near homophobic loved him."

	Kevin sat beside Nick.  Listening to what his master and mistress were
saying.  He didn't know this one.  But they he had been special to them.  His
talents were what made him so.  "Master?"  He whispered to Nick.  "Who was he,
why did my other master cry?"

	Nick hushed him.  "Puck was one in a million baby.  He was an artist of
skill that I have never seen before, nor do I think I will ever see again.  You
see the tattoos on your master and mistress?  He did them.  Ask Ariel or Melody
to show you theirs.  He was the one that designed them."  He opened his shirt to
display the one on his chest.  "He did this for me, on my sixteenth birthday,
back when I was still mortal.  It was a special one, unlike any of the others,
because I had grown up as my father's son.  I became his pet on my sixteenth
birthday, and Puck wanted to show the special-ness of my place here.  Just as
soon as Kris can stand to look at that painting over the fireplace, you will see
the first real work he did for her.  It is absolutely beautiful.  All his work
was."

	"Then they would be mad at me for drawing?  If this one was so special, I
don't think I would want to make them think I was trying to out so him."  His
voice was a little sad.  He had thought when he had been saved last night and
his new masters and mistress was so good to him that he would be allowed to go
back to what he had been doing before they forced him into slavery.

	Nick looked at him closely.  "You can draw?"  What were the odds?  They had
lost one that was so sweet, talented and precious, and here was another
youngster that could do some of what Puck had done.  "And no, they won't be mad
at you baby.  Cry a little, yes.  Mope around for a couple of weeks probably. 
But never mad at you.  You are mine, remember that.  I won't ever let anyone
hurt you unless you are bad, and then you probably won't ever need anything more
than a spanking, or a belt taken to you to punish you."  He kissed him deeply. 
"I promise, Kevin, I won't let anyone hurt you."  He looked up to where Kris was
still holding his father.  *Father, Kris, Kevin is worried that just because he
happens to like to do like Puck did, and draw that you will be mad at him. *

	*Mad at him? *  Jessy was at a loss for words.  This poor child was afraid
that if he followed in Puck's steps that they would resent him and be mad at
him.  *You did tell him that was ridiculous?  I don't care how good the boy is
or will become.  I will never accuse him of trying to take Puck's place.  We are
going to have to do something about these new ones and soon.  That is one of the
reasons I am going back to giving them a new and special name.  I want them to
understand that we are not like those mortals who have hurt them so. *  Jessy
really didn't want to do this, but it wouldn't be right, to leave these children
with the name that connected them to all the fear and pain. And if he did this
for them, then he would have to do this for the rest that he loved.

	Kris looked at Jessy.  "Are you going to be okay now?  Denise is sitting
over there looking like she is about to go crazy.  I think I am going to go over
there and start introducing her to the rest of the house."

	Jessy nodded smiling at her.  "I think I am going to take this pretty boy
here and run your brother off the bed, and see how many times I can make him
lose control."

	Dennis looked up at that.  "Master, are you going to," he blushed.

	Jessy just laughed.  "And here I thought you were eager for me to turn my
attention to you.  Getting shy on my pet?"

	Dennis shook his head.  "No, Master.  It's just, all these people.  I will
obey.  But here, in front of all of them?"

	"Your mistress has sat watch over Nick while I went to take a shower with
her little one there.  So yes, I can't leave the room with him as young as he
is, so I will have to stay in the room to keep an eye on him."  He stood,
holding a hand out to Dennis.  "Trust me, boy, by the time I am ready to take
your virginity, you won't care who is here."

	Dennis took his hand, trembling.  "Yes, Master."  This was it.  He would
finally know what it was like to have a man take him.  And even though he wasn't
afraid of it, he was still non-too thrilled with the thought of doing it is a
room full of people watching as it happened.

	Jessy led him to the bed against the wall.  "Scoot over Childe.  I want to
show this one just exactly what his new life is going to be like."  He looked
down at Kevin who was still clinging to Nick on one side and Jamie did on his
other.  "And Kevin.  All I ask as you seek to improve your skill, is the same
thing I told Puck.  No one sees anything you create before your mistress and I. 
Other than that rule, you can work to your hearts content.  I encourage it.  I
have found that a pet that can continue to do what he loves best is a happy pet,
which is all I want for you."

	"Thank you Master.  You and my master here, you both are took kind to me.  I
don't know what I have done to disserve this kindness."  He moved with Nick and
Jamie to pull away from the bed so that Jessy had a place to lie down with
Dennis.

	"Father, after you love him, would you please help me, I have two now, one
is a virgin, and the other is worse.  A man might have, never, taken Jamie.  But
Kevin has been, and the ass hole raped him several times.  He doesn't know that
it can do anything but hurt."

	"After I help Dennis here to learn that I really will never hurt him.  I
will feed you first, and then yes, I will be more than happy to help you prove
to these two new ones that we do not rape or hurt helpless children."

	Kris ignored what was going on at the bed.  She was entirely too used to
Jessy and the way he did things to take any notice of what was going on.  "Hi,
honey, how you holding up?"

	The girl looked up at her, trying to smile, but it never touched her eyes. 
"I am fine Mistress."  She flinched a little as Kris lay a hand on her leg.

	"What is wrong with you honey?  I had though surely by now, you would have
come to terms with how mortals react to being fed or sharing blood with one of
us."

	Denise looked over to where her brother was lying with their master.  "He
isn't going to hurt him, is he?"

	Kris snorted.  "My father hurt him?  Please, honey, you have got to be
kidding.  I've known him to go out of his way to see that one of ours isn't
hurt.  Stay up all day, to continue to feed one of our pets who had hurt herself
in an accident. Trust me, Denise.  I am more likely to hurt him than Jessy is,
and you already know I won't.  But that isn't what is the problem here, is it? 
I thought after I fed from you earlier, and shared blood with you, that you
would loosen up.  But you are still jumpier than a long tailed cat in a room
full of rocking chairs.  What gives?" 

	Denise fought to keep herself from beginning to cry again.  "I'm sorry
Mistress.  I am trying, but every time I think I have gotten to the point that
it doesn't bother me anymore, then I start to think about it again."

	Kris looked heavenward.  "Fuck it."  Her dark eyes locked with Denise's. 
"Go to sleep honey.  I can't do much for you right now, but I know someone who
can.  So just go to sleep."  She helped the girl to slip back onto the couch. 
She might not feel comfortable with her ability to dominate them yet, but
getting them to go to sleep, and keeping them that way until she wanted them to
wake up, she could do and easily.  "Stevie," she looked up to find one of the
seven regular pets here.  "Could you please take her and tuck her in a bed for a
while.  She's not dealing well at all with her place here now, or should I say,
with what I make her feel."

	The tall, well built young man bent and lifted her.  "I was with Kelly for a
while, is the Elder gone?"

	"He left a little while ago, why?"

	"Just wanted to know if it was safe for me to call you and Jessy anything
but master and mistress."  He situated the slumbering girl in his arms.  "I'm
going to go and put her in my and Kelly's bed.  He is still there.  I'll warn
him to come and let you know the moment she starts to stir."

	Kris shook her head.  "Don't worry about that Stevie.  She isn't gong to
wake up until either my father or me wakes her.  Just go tuck her in bed and
drag Kelly down with you.  I have a little friend for Melody that she is going
to need your help to learn how to help with her wants and needs."

	"Kelly is just going to love you for that Kris."  He grinned.

	"Probably so, and as you drag him back down here, stick you head into the
others rooms as you come.  Let them all know I have some new friends for them to
meet."  She was always so pleased with this one.  Other than Kelly, he was her
second favorite, and Kelly was the primary reason for it.  She loved that boy. 
Even if he did drive her to distraction every now and then."

	"Sure Kris, be more than happy too."  And he turned and headed for the room
that he now shared with his lover and friend.  A light spring in his step.




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 10



	Dennis cried out, softly at the feel of Jessy's fangs, as they broke through
the skin of his throat.  It kept, feeling, better and better.  And the hand that
captured his straining erection was almost as good as the feel of his hunger as
he gave in to it.  "Please, Master."  His hips began to thrust up into his
master's hand.  "Fuck me, please, I want it."  Shyness and fear were gone, as he
was ready to do anything his master waned.

	Jessy licked the wounds closed before lifting his mouth to press against
Dennis's ear.  "Ssshh, I'm not going to 'fuck you' pet.  I am going to make love
to you.  Remember that.  I don't 'fuck' those I care for and love.  I make love
and only love."

	'Make love', what a really wonderful thing to know. He had been willing to
gladly bend over and let his master just fuck him.  But now, the thought that he
was going to make love to him.  Really as if he cared for him. It was almost too
much for him to handle.

	'I really think I am in love'.  He held tight to Jessy as he continued to
touch him, drawing pleasure from him, and only pleasure.  "Master," he sobbed
against his lips.  "I love you.  Make love to me, please."

	Jessy chuckled softly, nibbling at Dennis's lower lip.  "What do you think I
am doing, pet?"  His bright green eyes bore into Dennis's dark brown ones.  *You
are mine.  For now, and forever.  There is no Dennis.  Dennis, died this night. 
Your name is now and will always be Pet. * It had been over twenty-five years
since Randy, his first love had died.  And this one, though nothing like his
boy, was still so much like him.  True he had been anything but an innocent when
Janis had brought him home, giving Jessy his first pet.  But Like the first one
that had taken that name, he had loved him almost at once.  *Do you understand
me Pet? *

	Dennis, who was Dennis no more, but now, Pet nodded.  Yes, he understood his
master.  "Yes, Master.  Pet, he understands."

	Jessy didn't break eye contact with, Pet, as he lifted first one leg over
his shoulder, and then the other.  A solid soothing force of promise and comfort
flowed from him to the mortal underneath him.  "Cum for me baby, forget the need
for control.  I will never ask it of you.  I want to see you give yourself to
me, now and often."  His voice was a mere whisper as he stroked Pet fast and
with almost hard motions.  Drawing the boy into this quickly as Pet almost
screamed as he came.  Hips lifting even higher as Jessy milked him.  Covering
first his throbbing hardness before slowly easing one finger into the puckered
hole under his hand, and then tow.  Shushing Pet as he moaned softly, pressing
back against the fingers and hand that were gently going to see he was
accustomed to something in him.  "Am I hurting you, Pet?"

	Pet shook his head.  "More Master, please, I don't care if it hurts, more." 
He was babbling.

	"No."  Jessy was firm on that.  This was not one of his sweet ones that
loved to mix pain and pleasure.  This child was innocent of pain, and innocent
of pain he would remain.  Other than if he ever were forced to punish him, he
would never feel anything but joy from him.  "Pet, I don't want to hurt you. 
Remember that.  I do not want to hurt you, ever."  And with his eyes still
holding Pet's he slowly parted his virginal cheeks to ease his way in.

	Pet closed his eyes at the pleasure he was feeling, only to whimper in pain. 
*Don't look away from me Pet.  Keep your eyes on me. *  Jessy doubled his
soothing will.  *Later, yes, but for now, look at me. * 

	Pet looked up into the softly, glowing, green eyes.  Moaning as the pain
stopped and again it was only joy and delight.

	And like with his Childe's little one, he began to rock slowly.  Easing his
virginity from him.  Never closing his eyes, no matter how much he wanted to. 
He would see to it that this one was brought to him without taking any of his
will.  Even, if, that would have been the easiest way to do it.  This boy loved
him.  He had never forced himself on any of those who loved him.  Not unless
that was what they had wanted.  Not even in punishment had he ever raped one of
his pets.  And he would not start now.

	Pet was losing his battle to keep his eyes open as the feelings that he was
getting kept growing, and as he felt his masters hand on him again, he gave up
crying out in wonder and not pain as Jessy began to set up a firm stroke again.

	*Nick, * Jessy looked up, seeking his youngest.  *Come and share him with
me.  He is a delight. *

	*He going to freak on me? *  Nick was always happy to join his father when
it came to loving one of his friends, or now, that he was like Jessy and Kris,
one of their pets.

	Jessy stopped, holding himself deep in Pet.  "Baby, are you going to cry if
my son join's us?"

	Pet moaned trying to continue what Jessy had been making him feel.  But
Jessy just held his position.  "Yes, Master."  Pet was willing to do almost
anything just to get his master to continue to make love to him.  The idea that
anyone was willing to make love to him, a slave, was the most wonderful thing he
had ever heard.

	Jessy pulled Nick's head to his throat.  *Go on, Pet.  Wrap those pretty
lips of yours around my son's dick and suck. *  Okay so it wasn't so pretty and
was just a bit blatant, but at the moment, he didn't care.

	'Oh God, oh God, I'm going to die'.  Pet's mind screamed out as his arms
wrapped around Nick's hips and his mouth opened to begin to try to do as his
master had ordered.  Everything he was feeling made thought near impossible as
he rocked with his master as Jessy began to gain power in his thrusts.

	Nick after he had fed from his father, turned his attention to the warm and
tentative mouth on his cock.  "Easy there Pet.  Take it easy."  His hips thrust
slowly, easing himself into Pet's mouth until he felt the boy's gag reflex, and
then pulling back.  "Relax, I'm not going to hurt you."  Again a slow forward
thrust, and again the withdrawal at the moment of Pet's gagging.

	Nick remembered the first time he had blown his father, and how patient
Jessy had been with him, so he swore to himself as he worked slowly with Pet
that he would be just as patient with his father's newest.  But it was hard. 
All he wanted, to, do was just force himself into the sweet mouth over and over
again until he came.  But if he did that, he knew Jessy would have his balls for
breakfast.

	Finally, even as Pet cried out around the hardness in his mouth as he came,
he was able to take Nick fully into his throat.  His tongue licking as fast as
it could as he sucked madly.  He no longer cared what sucking a man off made
him.  If he was gender biased, so much the better.  His master was a man, and oh
what a man.  And this one was his master as well, and as he accepted into him
Nick's bloody cum he came again.  Lost in the glories of the heat and lust that
he always knew when he tasted their blood.

	With Nick's orgasm, Jessy knew that Pet was totally lost now, and would feel
nothing but pleasure as he picked up the strength of his thrusts even more. 
Losing himself if the tight warm heat that encircled his shaft.



	Kris had, her, hands full, trying to assure Vicky, as well as Jamie and
Kevin that neither Nick nor her father was hurting Dennis.  Vicky was a little
easier, but the two boys were almost inconsolable.  She looked up, grinning with
relief as the rest of their pets hurried down the stairs.  "Finally," Kris held
out a hand to Melody.  "Come here baby.  I have someone I want you to meet." 

	"I heard last night that you had a special friend for me."  Melody dropped
in Kris's lap.  "Which one is it?  Please don't tell me it's that girl that is
sleeping in Steven's room.  She's about as gender biased as a brick wall."

	Kris just laughed, kissing her.  "No, Mel, that is Denise.  And you are
right, I had to put her to sleep so my father could take time with her to help
her get over the fact that she is very open to me when I feed from her.  The
friend I am talking about is this little one here.  Vicky, I would like you to
meet Melody, Mel, Vicky."

	Melody whistled softly.  "Kris, she is a, damn what a doll."

	"I sort of thought you would think like that, you damn dyke you.  Now
warning.  You are gong to need a little help from Steve and Kell, in seeing to
making sure she is happy.  She is like Kelly, but even more so."

	Melody just shrugged.  "I already work with Steve, when he is doing his
humiliate Kelly thing.  If it isn't you, you know how that guy is.  And it only
makes it worse because I am not only gender biased, but as you keep calling me,
a damn dyke."

	"Well, it's time to let that butch streak out full time with her honey." 
She looked down at Vicky.  "Little one, other than me and your masters, I give
you to her.  She is also your mistress.  But only after me."

	Vicky shook her head.  "I don't understand Mistress."

	Kris patted her cheek, "okay, this is how your life is going to be from this
point on.  First there is your master, my father, then me, and then Nick, your
other master.  And then if you are not answering to us, who, is unless we give
your orders before, we go to sleep a lot of the time.  You answer to her. she is
your mistress.  Now sweetie, do you understand?"

	Vicky looked from her to Melody, bottom lip trembling.  "Mistress, is she
going to be like my last one was?"  She didn't want to upset either her
mistress, or the one that her mistress was giving her to, but she had to know.

	Kris never had the chance to answer.  Melody broke into gales of laughter. 
"Kris calls you little one right?"  Vicky nodded, clinging to Kris.  "Okay
little one, not only am I not like that evil woman, if I ever get my hands on
her, I am gong to show her exactly what it means to really be hurt.  Butch I
might be, but damn lass, I'd have to be insane to get off doing to you what she
did."  Melody held out her hand to Vicky.  "Come on wee one.  Let me take care
of you."

	Kris threw back her head as Vicky looked at her in confusion.  "Go one
little one, Melody is Irish/Scott.  She just called you little one.  She isn't
going to hurt you any more than I did, or at least not anymore than you want her
too."  She looked to Jamie and Kevin.  "Okay guys.  Boys unparticular, listen to
me.  Thus is Jamie," she pointed to the taller of the two.  "And that is Kevin. 
They are both Nick's new pets, and Jamie, though he isn't a virgin to girls, is
to men, so hands off until after Nick sees to him.  And Kevin here," she pulled
the frightened youngster close.  "Is pretty close to being a virgin, the only
thing he knows is abuse, so like Jamie here, until Nicky has had time to show
him that we don't get off on hurting innocent and defenseless kids, hands off." 
Then she looked to Steven.  "Steve dear boy, I do believe you are going to be
very busy for a while.  Not only with helping Mel learn how to see to her girl,
but Nick with Jamie here as well.  He is a bit like Kelly.  Not quite as
intense, but a good spanking does him a world of wonder."

	"Damn Kris, I might be bonded to you and Jessy and all, but show a little
pity, I am still only human.  And Kelly is going to end up not being able to
walk for days at the rate you are going."

	"My father or I will see to Kell, don't you worry about your boy none.  You
just see to it that Mel and Nick know what they need to know."

	He hung his head, smiling slightly.  "Yes, Ma'am."

	Kris reached out and popped him on the tale.  "Smart-ass."  Then she pointed
to Dennis who was still trapped between Jessy and Nick.  "And last but not
least, is Dennis.  I would say, hands off him too, but as you all can see Jess
has taken care of his innocents.  And he is responding quite well, even if I do
say so myself."

	"He looks like that lass that is in Steven's room, Kris.  Any relationship?" 
Melody stroked Vicky's hair as the girl knelt at her feet.

	"They should look a lot alike, they are twins.  And also too young to have
been forced into slavery.  But their step-father got tired of Dennis getting in
the way when he tried to molest his sister, so he drugged them and sold them
into slavery.  They were both virgins.  I think either Jessy or I am going to
visit the prick before too much longer and have a long talk with him."

	"Aye, and well you should.  The lad don't looks much older than what,
sixteen or seventeen?"  Melody had a bad habit the more irritated she got, the
more her Scottish burr came out. She was three fourths Scottish and only one
quarter Irish.  And there were times like this that all in her hearing range
could tell.

	They just recently turned seventeen Mel.  Dennis would rather come here as a
slave than risk going home, he believes if the sick fuck could drug them to sell
them, then he could drug him and get him out of the way so he could rape his
twin."

	Robby stepped forward.  "Kris, do you think Jessy would let me go with him
when he went to deal with this pervert?  I don't look any older than those kids
do, it would serve him right to have the shit beat out of him by what he thinks
is nothing but a kid before Jessy crushed his mind and let him walk off a
cliff."

	Kris looked at where Dennis was now bent over and Nick was making love to
him as Jessy had slipped off to get cleaned up.  "You know what honey, that just
might be possible.  Of all the guys here, other than Kevin, you look the most
harmless.  But I think that once my father had fed Dennis a few more times, he
might let him go with him.  I don't know.  But I will pass on your suggestion to
him, that's a promise."



	Nick held Pet close.  "You do know Pet, you are going to have to get used to
enema's.  My father can't just keep running off to clean up after every time the
two of you hook up."  He laughed pointing down at his now flaccid cock that was
both, blood and shit smeared.  "Tell you what kid, go on over there and talk to
Kris, I got to go clean up myself."

	Pet sat up, blushing.  "Did I do right Master?  Is he happy with me?"

	Nick pulled him close kissing him.  "Honey, I don't think my father could be
any more happy with you if he tried.  Now go on over there and let Kris fuss
over you for a while."

	

	Kris looked up from where she was teasing Steven and Kelly as Pet hurried
over to where she was.  "So Dennis, everything go as good as it looked from
here?"

	He cocked his head to one side.  "Dennis Mistress, who is that?"

	She reached out with her mind to gently touch his.  There was an almost
dominant feel from him left from Jessy.  "Oh, I'm sorry Pet, didn't mean to
confuse you.  You doing well?"

	Pet nodded.  "My Master is," he blushed looking down, before looked back up
at her.  "My other master said I had to get used to," again his voice dropped. 
"Enema's, so that my master didn't have to leave me so fast."  There was a
little fear in his eyes.  "Is if going to hurt mistress?"

	Kris squeezed his hand.  "Did it hurt when your master made love to you?"

	Pet shook his head, smiling softly.  "No Mistress, it was wonderful."

	"Then why are you asking if he would hurt you now.  You do know that the
first time for boys tends to be the most painful thing they ever feel other than
a whip.  Yes there will be a whole lot of cramping as it cleans you out.  But do
you think your master will let you suffer through it?"

	Pet looks at her a little worried.  "He is not mad at me is he Mistress?"

	"Do I look mad at you Pet?"  Jessy came up behind him.

	He dropped to his knees at once.  Fingers lacing behind his head, looking
down.

	"Get up Pet.  There will be none of that nonsense here.  I understand why it
will take you a little while to get used to calling me anything but master, but
god's boy.  I am too old, or not old enough, for that kind of shit."

	Pet looked up at him.  "But Master, I am your slave.  I belong at your
feet."  He was trying to explain himself.

	Jessy shook his head.  "No, honey, you are my pet.  And the only time you
should be on your knees at my feet when you are blowing me.  Got that?"

	Pet looked down, near tears.  "Forgive me, Master."

	Robby buried his face in Ariel's neck.  "I think I am going to be sick."  He
moaned.  "Damn him, the perverted fuck that did this to the kid."

	Jessy cupped his chin and gently lifted his head to smile down into his
eyes.  "For what Pet?  Do you think you are the first abused pet I have ever
had?  Of course you are going to be afraid for a while."  His lips brushed his
lightly.  "But I know how to deal with your fear.  So just relax.  And Nick was
right, you need to go and get Steven to clean you out."  His eyes locked with
Pet's.  "But I promise cramping you will have, but they will not hurt you.  I
gave you my word once or was it twice so far, that unless it is in punishment,
there will be no pain."

	"Yes, Master."  Pet didn't want to leave him, but he knew that he would have
no other choice.  So for now, he would have to trust this other man.

	"Come on Pet, let's go and see you taken care of."  Steven looked at Kris
and Jessy.  "There is still his twin asleep in Kell's and my bed.  So I will
have to take him to the dungeon to do this.  I don't want to freak the kid out,
so if you could please come and see about taking care of her, I would appreciate
it."

	*Father, you are going to end up having to take her will from her and ease
her into this that way.  I have tried everything I know to do.  But she is still
way too frightened and Nick.  He's just a baby.  It will tear him up. *

	*You have any idea how much I hate when I have to do that to one of them
that has earned no punishment?  But you are right Childe.  Keep Steven and Pet
here until I come down with her.  He is her twin and I do not want him to worry
as I do this.  Better that I explain things to him after than before. *

	Kris reached up to pull both Steven and Pet close.  "Hold on you two, your
master is going to see what he can do to help Denise with her fears.  Don't
worry Pet, he won't hurt her."

	Pet went into her arms at once.  He wanted to say, 'of course his master
would hurt his sister', but he was still not sure enough of his place here.

	Kris just smiled kissing the top of his head.  *Jessy, mate, try to be as
careful as you can with her.  Your boy down here is almost to the point that he
is ready to start defending you, even to me. *

	*Why is it do you think I named him what I did?  The last pet I had that was
as free so fast with me, was the first Pet. *



	Jessy looked down at the girl, who lay, curled up into a fetal position on
the bed.  "Come on dear, it's, time for us to talk."  His voice was soft and
kind, as he touched her shoulder.

	Denise came awake at once, sitting up with a start.  "Master?"

	Jessy nodded.  "For the time being, until such time as you are comfortable
enough with me that you can dispense with the title, yes dear, I am your master. 
Now, do you know where you are?"

	She shook her head.  "My Mistress did something to me, Master, and I fell
asleep."  She was so afraid that she had done something wrong.  "I'm sorry,
Master.  Please, don't punish me.  I didn't mean to fall asleep."  She was
crying as she tried to keep from pulling away from him.

	Jessy took hold of her, holding her against him as she cried.  "Stop,
Denise.  I am not going to punish you.  Your mistress was at a loss for what
else to do with you, she put you asleep and then Steve carried you up to the bed
her shares with Kelly.  Calm down.  You are in no danger."  Kris had been right. 
There was no way he would be able to ease this girl to then without dominating
her.  "Listen to me dear.  Don't be afraid.  I am going to have to put your mind
to sleep for a little while, but no one is going to hurt you while your wit's
wander where all that are lost go.  Trust me, and don't be afraid.  I promise
when you find your way back, everything will be fine and you will be happy with
living here."

	The look of horror in her dark brown eyes cut at Jessy.  "Please Master,
don't do this, I will be good.  I promise, please don't do this."

	"Sweet heart, we have a newborn in our house now, and your fear will hurt
him.  I can't allow that, now hush and relax.  I won't hurt you, and neither
will anyone while you are lost to yourself."  His will came down on her,
silencing any more protests from her.



	Kris looked up as Jessy helped Denise down the steps.  *She, okay, now? *

	*Yes, a little more lost than Tina had been, but she fought every step of
the way.  God's what a will the girl has.  I went ahead and named her Sweet
Heart while I was dominating her, so that when she finally does make it back to
herself in a couple of weeks, that is the only name she will answer to. *

	Kris nodded.  "Okay Steve, you can take Pet and take care of him now."  Then
she looked at Pet.  "Pet, your sister is fine, a little lost at the moment, but
you have faith in your master and me.  We will not let anyone hurt her until
such time as she makes it back to herself.  Nor like this will she be punished
for anything she does.  Her name is no longer Denise.  She has been given a new
name, just like you.  Her name is now Sweet Heart.  I guess we can get away with
calling her Sweet for short."

	"But why Mistress?  I don't understand why my master felt he had to do that
to her.  Was she bad?"

	"No, Pet.  But we have Nick here, and you understand that he is a newborn
right?"  He nodded.  "Her fear would have cut at him badly, so your master saw
to it that she had nothing to fear.  Don't worry about it honey.  Just be
patient with her for the next couple of weeks and she will be fine.  You can do
that, right?"

	"Is my master going to do that to me too?"

	"Are you afraid of him or us?"

	He had to stop.  Up until the moment that he saw his sister being led down
the stairs he was not, but now, he was terrified.  "He is going to do that to me
too, isn't he Mistress."  It wasn't a question.

	"Just go with Steven, he will take care of you.  Then come down and talk to
my father.  I really don't think that there is really any need for you to be
worried about that.  You have never been afraid of us.  And there is no reason
for you to start now.  Your sister couldn't let go of her fear, that is the only
reason Jessy had to do what he did.  Believe me honey, he hates when he has to
do it.  If it weren't for Nick, he would have helped her to work through it. 
But Nick, well you will understand better the longer you are here."

	"Come on Pet, let me go and take care of you.  I have four others after you
to deal with.  When you make it back down here, you are going to see your sister
isn't as fucked up as you are making her out to be.  You both have centuries
here, what is a couple of weeks?"

	"Mistress, you promise me that no one is going to hurt my sister."  He
stumbled over his words.  "Forgive me, but she is my twin."

	"Your master is no more likely to hurt her than his is either of his
children. Now go, and quit acting like this."

	"Have him back down here in about half and hour Kris."  Steven led Pet away.



	Steven led Pet into his room.  "Come in kid, there is a table set up for
this sort of thing in the bathroom.  And don't start worrying.  I've been doing
this for what seems like ages."  He slowly pulled him into the bathroom.  "Go
on, hop up on the table and get yourself situated, your feet go in the
stirrups."  He opened the cabinet door under the sink, to pull out a large
rubber water bottle and hose.

	"Yes, Master."  Pet went at once to obey.

	"Hold up, there, Pet.  Jessy is your master, so is Nick, and Kris is your
mistress.  Me I'm just one of he other pets they have on hand around here."  He
began to test the water, waiting until it was warm, but not hot before he began
to fill the bottle.  "The first time always takes the longest.  I have to clean
you out twice, then do three rinses before you are good to go."  He carefully
measured the mild cleaning solution into the bag, before screwing the hose onto
the opening.  "  Now, if I could just get you to scoot down a little more."  He
smeared a thick coating of lubricant on the nozzle.  "So, how are you doing so
far?  Jessy taking care of you?"

	Pet closed his eyes at the gentle feeling of fingers beginning to ease their
way into his rectum.  "Why did he do that to my sister?  I could have talked to
her, made her understand this was her new life.  He didn't have to crush her
mind."

	Steven slowly eased the nozzle into Pet before inflating it so that no water
escaped before it was supposed to.  "He didn't crush her mind Pet.  All he did
was take away her fear and resistance.  Trust me, kid.  Seen it happen before. 
Right now, of all of us, she is the safest.  Jess won't let anything or anyone
hurt her while she is like this."  He squeezed Pet's thigh gently as he hung the
bottle on the hook just to Pet's right side before releasing the clip that held
the water back.  "I'm going to have to see to it that like Kelly, with as often
as Jessy is going to want to be with you, that you stay lubed at all times. 
Damn but the things I have gotten used too being the only other mortal Dom in
the house."  He ran his hand up Pet's thigh, capturing the ever-present
erection.  "I think this is what attracted Jessy to you the most.  Other than
Kelly, you got the nicest looking dick among the rest of us pets in the house."

	Pet shook his head.  "Please, don't do this.  My master will be angry with
me."

	Steven only laughed lowering his mouth to lick the seeping head, tongue
prodding the slit there. "Don't worry honey.  While you were still as virginal
as you were, then yes, but it would have been me he would have strung up and cut
to ribbons, but now, Pet, you're one of us.  Might as well enjoy your new home
and place."  He bent down again to lick teasingly.  "Come on Pet, what's wrong? 
Don't you like it?"

	Pet looked up at him, eyes wide.  "My master, he really won't be upset?"

	Steven rolled his eyes heavenward.  *Yo, boss, I don't mean to interrupt
nothing, but Pet here is sure if he just lays back and relaxes, you will be mad
at him.  I'm trying to keep his mind occupied, if you know what I mean. *

	There was a moment of silence as Jessy was pulling his mind back from where
he had been helping Nick with Jamie.  *Pet, I am not going to be mad at you. 
Why is it do you think that I try so very hard to pair you all off?  I am only
one man, and with the way you all react to my hunger and blood, I honestly don't
think I could keep up with all of you. Now go one.  You and Steven play while
you are being cleaned.  Give you something to think about, other than what is
going on inside of you. *

	Pet looked up at Steven surprise on his face.  "My master doesn't mind."  He
wasn't sure if he should feel happy or upset.  He was so very new to all of
this, and had saw his sister, after his master had done something to her that
made her not anything like he knew her to be.  And now, it didn't matter to his
master that he loved him, he had all but thrown him to this man.  He looked at
Steven, tears rolling from the corners of his eyes.  "He doesn't care that I
love him."

	Steven was at his side at once, taking his hand.  "No, honey, that isn't it
at all.  If he didn't care if you loved him, do you really think he would have
gone out of his way to make sure that you didn't feel any pain?  But you have to
get over this idea that just because he loves you too, means that he can't love
all of the rest of us.  He isn't like your or me.  There is not, one, of us that
he feeds from.  And shares his blood with that he doesn't love at one level or
another.  That is just the way his kind is.  They aren't really human anymore,
but a different race all together.  He loves me.  He loves Kelly, and all the
rest.  I know that, and I don't get upset when he adds more to our ranks. 
Because he will still, no matter how much he loves each of you, still love Kell
and I."  He stroked his cheek.  "And Pet, honey, we will love you too.  That is
the number one rule here.  We all love each other.  Even if it is like Kelly and
Melody and like family, and not physically.  We love each other."

	Pet just laughed weakly.  "I don't know what is wrong with me, one moment I
am feeling fine, the next, I'm the village idiot.  You must think I'm a basket
case.'

	Steven shook his head.  "No, just not used to living with them yet, that's
all.  And you got to admit, seeing your sister like she is right now had to have
knocked you for a loop.  Give it time, and eventually you will get a grip on
things."  He looked at the water bottle.  It was empty.  Now all he had to do
was keep the kid's mind on something other than the cramps he knew were going on
inside him, even if he couldn't feel them.  "Now, what say you and I try this
again?  I've been looking at that hunk of meat for close to half and hour, and I
am getting real hungry."

	This time Pet did laugh.  "Sure, but I'm kind of pinned down right now, so
how do you plan to see to it that I get fed too?"

	He chuckled at the return of what he knew had to be the normal personality
of the younger man.  Without Jessy or Kris here, he could let his guard down
completely.  "Oh, I'm pretty sure I can come up with an idea or two."  He began
to strip.

	Pet knew, as he tasted his first drip of pre-cum, that the man over her was
nothing more than like him, and mortal.  But the feelings that he was getting as
a warm tongue licked up and around the head of his shaft made him not care.

	Steven was surprised at how responsive Pet was, as the boy came three times
before he could even once.  Which was fine for him.  He loved the taste, always
had, and as he saw it with as long as he was going to live, always would. 

	He pulled himself up and off his newest partner.  "Hold up for a minute
Pet."  He bent and licked all, the, cum that had escaped Pet's lips and ran down
the sides of his face.  "I have to go get a bucket.  Time to empty you out and
do the next cleansing every thing going okay so far?"

	"Other than I feel bloated as hell, yeah."  He caught Steven's hand with
his.  "Thanks, you know for not laughing at me when I freaked."

	Steven just shrugged.  "Hon, if I laughed every time someone around here got
bent.  One of two things would happen, I would either end up pissing all over
myself, or Jessy and Kris would kill me for making fun of someone.  Shit
happens.  I know it, been there, done that, too many times to make fun of anyone
who doesn't just jump on the bandwagon and take to living with us without any
problem.  Now you just rest here and gain your strength for another round of
blowjobs while I tend to things."

	It took almost another hour before Pet was cleansed out and rinsed well
enough that Steven figured he would be okay.  And in that time, they had hugged,
kissed and blew each other off more times than he could keep count of.  "There
you go, kid.  You're so clean, you're gonna squeak for days."  There was humor
in his tone, as he carefully worked a well-lubed finger back into him.  Making
sure that he was as greased as Kelly was.  "So, why don't you go and show
yourself off to Jessy, while I finish cleaning up, okay.  Just hang a right as
you leave my room and go down the stairs to the main room."  He caught Pet's arm
as the young man stood up.  "And no kneeling, that makes him nuts.  Just sashay
that cute little butt up to him and grin.  He'll get the idea.  Then tell him
that I'm ready for my next victim."

	Pet had to lean on him while he laughed.  It felt so good to be able to just
laugh.  "Steven, man, if I was your last victim, I'll gladly lay down for that
kind of torment any day."

		*	*	*

	Kris looked up as Pet came into the room.  He didn't look at all like he had
when Steven had taken him for the room.  For that she would see to it that Steve
got an extra special reward.  "So, Pet, all grins I see."

	"Yes Mistress.  He says he is ready for his next victim, as he called me." 
It was hard to break habit and not to kneel.  He had, had the action beat into
him for weeks before the Lady Diane came and saved him and his sister from the
hell that they had been living.

	Kris just laughed.  "Victim's, well I got to tell you Pet, you are the
happiest looking victim I have seen in ages."  She patted the couch beside her. 
"Nick is busy with one of his new pets at the moment.  He's taken it in his head
to call pretty face, Sugar.  I don't know why, but I gave him the boy, so I
guess I have to deal with what ever he comes up with for him."  She pointed to
where Kevin lay curled up by them.  "And that is Baby, actually, it's Baby Love,
but just like Sweet Heart, full names are such a bother."  She pulled him
against her to stroke his hair.

	"What about that girl that you gave to that other one, Mistress, has she
been named too?"

	"Yes, though it is going to be hell to keep Melody from confusing her for a
while.  I named her Little One, and Mel, she keep's calling her Wee One."  She
looked at Nick who was laying quietly his two, Jessy at his side.  *Nick, which
one of your two do you want to send up, first?  I am sure father won't mind if
Pet leads the way.

	"Sugar, honey, if my father don't mind too much, would you go with Pet, he
needs to take care of a few rather unpleasant thing for you."  He looked over at
Jessy.  "Father would you please help him like you helped Pet?  I would if I
could, but it's going to be a while before I have that kind of control."

	"If growing up, like you are.  Not alone, or just a single parent, but to
have a family.  Sees to it that you are bright enough to know what you can and
cannot do.  You will not be the last Childe I father."  He reached out to cup
Sugar's chin.  "You're master is right, he cannot stop the discomfort That comes
with first cleansing.  Bit I can.  There will be no pain, Sugar.  And unless my
Per is in a mad rush to end the amusements that he was having during his own
cleansing, perhaps he would be willing to join, he stopped thinking.  The was
going to have to come up with several names and wanted to see to it that they
matched the pets personally as well as possible.  "With 'Lash', he may stay and
join the two of you.

	Sugar looked at him worried.  "Master, have I done something wrong?  Are you
sending me to be whipped?"

	Nick grabbed his shoulders turning him to look dead into is dark blue eyes. 
"No, Lash might play with you a bit, but trust me Sugar.  He will never, outside
of punishment, ever really hurt you.  It's all part of the pleasure."  He hissed
him softly.  "Now go on, I'll see you soon."




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 11



	Sugar felt a little strange as Pet let him up the stairs.  This man, that he
was going to see, his mistress had said that he would help his master learn to
do things to him.  And even though the thought of what his mistress had meant as
things, didn't bother him, if anything, the harder he was spanked the more he
wanted to just let go.  But he wasn't sure if this man and his master were going
to be happy letting it go with just spanking him.

	Pet stopped at a door, opening it.  "Go on in Sugar, my master is right, I
think I would kind of like to hang around for a while."

	He paused at the door.  "Nothing is going to happen, right?"

	Pet laughed.  "Oh, something is going to happen alright.  But Lash isn't
going to hurt you, or at least not much.  Bend your butt over the bed and spank
your ass for wasting his time out here in the hall, maybe, but other than that. 
He didn't hurt me."

	He blushed as he stepped into the room.  "My mistress spanked me last night,
I thought I was being killed."

	"Kris is a vampire kid."  Lash stood in the middle of the room.  Hands
locked in the long dark hair of a slender black man at his feet.  "Tease here,
came by to tell me what Jessy and Kris had come up with for names for us.  And
well," he shrugged, closing his eyes at the pull on his dick.  "My boy here,
didn't get his name for nothing."  He grabbed Tease's hair and began to thrust
harder as he gave into him.

	Tease pulled back, licking his lips, smiling.  "I am what I am, Master."

	Per looked confused.  "I don't get it.  When I called you that, you were
quick enough to tell me that you were not, yet when he does, you don't say
anything."

	Lash just laughed.  "That is because, Jessy went out and got me back after
he had collected Tease here.  My boy here is like Melissa's girl and needed
someone to take care of him when he was asleep.  Remember.  Pet, as good as he
is, he still is just one man.  He will probably go out and collect another for
you eventually, once he gets past the idea of having you here all tie time."  He
looked to Sugar.  "So, this is the next one I take it."  This kid was as pretty
as Pet was, and more freaked looking.  "Come on kid.  Nick isn't here.  So I
don't have any need to start teaching him control when he spanks you.  It is
probably going to be a few weeks before he feels comfortable enough to actually
hit you, so it's going to be me and Tease here that are stuck doing it.  But for
right now, all I have time to do is clean you out and lube you up.  Nick is
going to be rather insistent on that.  He hates having to pull away and was shit
off his dick.  And so far, Tease is the only pet we have here that doesn't mind
eating it to blow him afterwards."

	Sugar followed him into the bathroom.  "He is going to make me?"  Being
fucked by a man was one thing, but to actually have to blow them, that was
something all together different.

	All three men laughed at him.  "He is your master, Sugar.  He is male, what
you didn't think he would want that from you too?"  Tease shook his head. 
"Damn, boy, you are even worse than I was back when I first had to deal with
Kris as my mistress.  Yes you are going to blow him, and knowing Nick like I do,
you'll be doing it often.  There is nothing he likes more than a good blow when
he first gets up at night."

	Sugar broke down into tears.  They didn't understand.  He wasn't quite as
innocent to men as they had first thought him, the memory of the other slave. 
The one that kept the slaves in the hold, his forcing him to blow him it still
was so very fresh.  It was one of the reasons that when Lady Diane had come to
offer those in his hold another option, he had jumped at the chance.  Better, he
had believed to be one man's slave, than what the other slave had promised. 
That with his pretty face and sweet body, that he would spend most of his time,
not at the job he was given, but in one of the many bigger slaves beds.

	*Jessy! * Lash took him into his arms, trying to hush him.  "What's wrong
Sugar?  I thought your master didn't hurt you."

	The door didn't slam open, but suddenly Jessy was there.  Lash backed away
as his master took the boy into his arms, trying to calm him.  "What happened
here, Lash?"

	Lash didn't look down, he wasn't afraid of Jessy.  Had grown to love him and
his place here.  "I don't know Master, one moment he was okay, but when he
realized that he was going to be blowing you and Nick, he lost it."  He
indicated to where the boy was in Jessy's arms.

	Sugar dropped to the floor, grabbing Jessy's hands.  "Kill me Master,
please.  I would rather die than have to be forced to do that again."

	Jessy had to resist his urge to laugh.  All this fuss over a blowjob.  The
boy had been willing enough to let him see to it that Nick didn't hurt him when
he made love to him the first time.  But this all for a, blowjob?  "Sugar," he
reached down and helped the boy back up.  "I am not going to kill you.  What in
the world are you thinking?  Your master, just, made love to you.  I know it
didn't hurt.  You came what, four, or five times during it.  You didn't have a
problem with Kris last night.  So I know oral sex isn't unknown to you.  Now
please tell me, what is it you fear.  I don't want to have to invade your
thoughts, but unless you do, I will have too."

	Sugar looked up at him, trying to find the words to make this man understand
what he was feeling.  "But Master, she is my mistress, and when she, it was." 
He just couldn't make him understand what the difference meant to him.

	Jessy caught his eyes with his own.  "It's the fact that he is your master,
a man that frightens you.  Why, I was under the impression, we all were that
before Nick, you had been a virgin."

	And he just couldn't stop it anymore.  The story just fell from him as he
cried against Jessy.  The taunts, the ugly promises.  And the force that had
taken a once open and sensual child and ripped from him, in one moment of
ugliness and fear of affixation his willingness to be open to another man.  "And
he said that what ever place they sent me.  I, I wouldn't have time to do
anything because, I would always be in the hospital tent.  That they were going
to see to it that I got fucked up a whole lot.  And had to learn to eat a lot of
shit before it was all over."

	Jessy fought down a growl.  "Stop that.  That is why you are here, to keep
that from happening.  Tease might submit that much to Lash and I but you aren't
him.  Secondly you watched my son with Pet.  Did he look like he was trying to
gag the boy?  Every time Pet had a problem, Nick would pull back.  And lastly,"
he grinned down at the boy.  "You think you were happy with what you got from
your mistress, Sugar, trust me.  You haven't seen anything yet."  He reached
down and lifted his erect cock.  The blood red seepage dripping from the end. 
He collected a drop on his finger and brought it up to Sugar's mouth.  "Taste it
child, we are not like normal mortals."

	His eyes were still held firm by Jessy's as he slowly opened his mouth.  A
moan so low it was close to a whimper slipped past Jessy's finger at the first
taste.  It was so much like what he had felt when he had tasted his mistress. 
So much so that it was almost the same.

	Jessy pulled back his hand as Sugar dropped to his knee's mouth going to
seek even more.  It was a shame.  Jessy closed his eyes, thinking.  That it
wasn't his precious son that was this boy's first.  But he knew his boy well
enough to know that Sugar's fear would have done him, more, harm than good.

	Lash, just, chuckled.  Hugging Pet.  "So much for the kids worries.  Jessy
will see to it that he never has anything to worry about from this again.

	Pet watched as his master did with the new one, just like his other master
had done with him.  Push forward just a bit, then pull back, soft words of
assurance and instruction on how he should just relax and swallow.  "You do
know, once my Master is finished with him, he is going to be a hand-full to get
him to lie down and be still, don't you?"

	"Why do you think I have Tease here?  He came by to pass on my new name to
me, but I asked him to stay to help me with you and Sugar.  Threesomes are
great, when all three can join in on the fun, but when one of them is sort of
tied down, it sucks, ya know?"

	Pet looked over at Tease.  "My god, he's bigger than either of my masters
are, and you want him to," he looked stunned.  "With me?"

	Both Lash and Tease burst out laughing.  "No, not you, Pet, him.  My boy is
strictly a bottom.  That was another reason Jessy got me.  It would seem he
likes to be topped once in a while himself, and well, Tease is just that.  And
he couldn't get my boy past the thought of having to be on top.  So he got me."

	Pet looked at him, still shocked.  "My master is going to want me to make
love to him sometimes?"

	"Well, his first Pet, was so much like Tease, and still could.  I don't see
why you, who aren't anything like him, couldn't.  So yeah, Jessy will love it
when you are ready to go forward with him."

	Pet watched as his master began to thrust a little less slowly as Sugar got
past the shyness, and began to respond to him freely.  His master wanted him to
make love to him.  The thought was so wild one second and so sweet the next.  "I
will do anything my master wants me to do."  He leaned against Lash. 
"Anything."

	"I'm glad."  He took him by the shoulders and gently turned him around. 
"Come here, Tease, show your master how glad we are."

	Tease dropped to his knee's before Pet.  "Would you like to see how happy I
am for you master?"  He smiled up at the stunned youth.

	Pet looked to Lash for some idea on what to do.  "Tease might be Jessy and
Kris's pet, hell he might even be Nick's now.  But he is my, slave.  Loved and
cherished, but he is still my slave, and as such is the slave of any mortal in
the house I say he is.  So for now, he's your slave too."

	Pet looked down at the dark head that neared his own seeping erection, the
warm tongue and even warmer lips.  "Oh, damn," he could understand why Lash kept
this one for himself.  If he could do nothing else, man what a great mouth.

	Pet cried out in both wonder and shock as another tongue, joined into the
play on his body, pressing against his rosebud, not thrusting, or at least not
yet, but lapping gently.

	Pet had never been reamed, didn't even know there was a name for what the
other tongue was doing to him.  But as it gently eased it's way past his tight
sphincter, he came into the wonderfully warm mouth that just kept pulling.



	Jessy supported Sugar's head.  Once the boy had realized that he was in no
danger of ever having to be forced like he had been ever again, and the promise
of his masters' blood as a reward for his actions he was more than happy to do
anything his new master asked.

	*Deep breathe Sugar. *  Jessy's mind touched his.  His hand cupping Sugar's
head as he began to give into the orgasm that was blasting his senses.

	Blood', was Sugars last thought.  As the, thick, hot red fluid filled his
mouth.  It was so very much like the blood his master shared with him.

	

	Jessy bent down, touching Sugar's cheek.  "You okay Sugar?"

	The boy looked up at him.  "Master, that was."  He could barely think.  "You
can share blood with us that way Master?"

	Tease just laughed.  "The boy is going to be fine Master.  Trust me.  If
anyone in the house knows a lover of cocksucking, it's me."

	Jessy shot Lash a sharp look.  "I left his training up to you boy.  So it's
to you I look.  Later, talk to me.  We will discuss what needs to be done."

	The easy way Lash had around Jessy vanished.  "Yes, Master."

	Tease stood there, silent.  He hadn't meant anything by his words, other
than to try and joke around.  His mind worked frantically to figure out why his
real master was upset with him, and what he had done that would cause his first
master to be having words.  Maybe, even, punish his lover.

	His mind was so busy trying to work things out that he stopped listening to
the conversation that went on around him.

	"Is that what I am now, Master?  A cocksucker?"

	Jessy was about ready to see to it that he beat Tease himself.  "Don't know
Sugar.  But if that is what it is called, then I suppose I am one too.  Happens
to be my third favorite thing to do in life, other than drink blood of course."

	"What are the first two things, Master?"

	"First, make love to either Kris or Nick.  Then second make love to one of
my pets.  Then there is my third, give them pleasure with my mouth."  His hands
began to move over the boy's body.  "Those are going to become your favorite
things very soon Sugar."

	The knowledge that he would have to learn to do this with others in the
house, and not just his master's.  Surprisingly enough didn't bother him.  He
understood what he would have to do now.  He was a slave.  He had taken the
chance agreed to, be, offered at the club.  Had hoped that a kind mistress would
see him and give him a place in her home.  And his mistress was.  She was so
very kind.  But she had gotten him for a man, his master.  But still is wasn't
like he had been promised by voice that belonged to the hand that was
suffocating him as it kept his face pushed against it's body, the hard intrusion
of a dick in his throat.  His masters or one of them anyway, had been so gentle
in taking him the first time.  Then the other, the feeling and taste of the
flesh that had been in his mouth still teased him.  Then there was the blood. 
Both the blood that was given to him from a gash on his mistress's throat to the
taste of it first on her sex, and then in his masters cum as it filled his
mouth. 

	"They will be, Master."  His voice was soft.  Struggling to sit up.  "Will
you answer my first question, Master?"

	Jessy just sat back and laughed.  "Damn Sugar, a one track mind, I see."  He
reached out and tousled his hair.  "And to answer your question.  "No, we're not
sure exactly why it is that it taste's so much like our blood, and yet there not
be enough there for a feeding."  He held up a hand to forestall Sugar's next
question.  "We have tried.    Pet my first one with that name thought of trying
that, and damn near wore, me, out in the attempt.  But no matter how often a pet
drinks, or how much, there is never enough blood.  He even had to be fed twice
as much because his body had burned off so much of my blood in his attempt.  My
Pet and Girl sat down and tried to work things out.  They figure that there is
some kind of drug in our bite and release.  A self, defense mechanism I suppose. 
As you know.  You've been bitten a few times, the last thing you want to do when
being bitten is resist."

	Sugar sat back.  "Wow, are you sure it isn't blood?"

	Jessy shook his head ruefully.  "Very sure.  Pet damn near killed me to find
out the truth."

	"But," Sugar looked at him, with a look that one had when they felt they
were being made fun.  "You can't die.  You're already dead."

	"Yeah, that is what was the scary part of it all.  He almost killed me, and
I'm already dead.  That was how hard he was trying to prove that it could be
done that way."

	"We can still, you know, do what we just did.  Can't we?"

	"You go on in there and get cleaned up and then we will see how many times
we can see you struggle with control."

	Sugar scrambled up.  "Yes, Master."

	"Go on Lash, see what you can do for the boy.  Pet you go on in with him. 
I'll have Tease along soon enough."  He pushed himself up off the floor.

	Tease waited until Pet followed Lash into the bathroom.  "Forgive me
Master."  His choice of words was all he could think it could be.  He had
refereed to himself and Sugar as cocksucker's.

	Jessy hissed, low so that he didn't have to worry about any in the other
room hearing.  "Did you have to use that word, almost anything but, cocksucker?"

	Tease dropped to his knees.  "Forgive this bad slave, Master."  He knew he
was wrong.  Had no excuse.  "Master, please, a mercy for this worthless slave."

	Jessy grabbed him and yanked him up.  "What is wrong with you Tease?  It's
been years since you have been like this.  Either of those two could walk out at
any time, and I don't want to frighten them.  And seeing you on your knees at my
feet would.  I find your complete submissive nature charming, but right now it
is not the right time for it. "

	Tease stepped even closer to Jessy.  "I'm sorry, Master.  I don't know what
is wrong with me.  Maybe it's that Puck was so close to me, I don't know."

	Jessy nodded, he could understand that.  And perhaps his touchiness over the
new mortals was for the same reason.  "I know Tease.  You have no idea how much
I wished that fucking ban had been lifted just a few hours sooner."  He kissed
Tease softly.  "I'm sorry honey.  I should have known this was going to have
some kind of effect on you.  You and Puck were Kris's favorite's, so of course
the two of you were close."

	"I don't care what you do to me, Master.  I was wrong.  But please, mercy. 
Lash is not only my other master, but my love and other than you and my
mistress, my life."

	Jessy just chuckled.  "Oh, you'll take anything I shell out will you?"  He
spun Tease around and delivered one hard smack to his ass.  "There, that's the
punishment.  Let's drop the subject.  Just do try to be a little more careful
around the other's for a while."

	Tease smiled, as he rubbed his backside.  "You will tell Lash that you
punished me won't you, Master?"

	*Lash, don't worry about dealing with Tease.  He and I have had a talk.  I
now understand why he has been the way he has been for the last few nights.  * 
He looked down at the man in his arms.  "Taken care of dear.  Now you go on in
there and see what you need to do to help things along.

		*	*	*

	Kris looked up from where she sat holding Sweet Heart.  "Problem?"

	"Nothing that a few minutes and a good blowjob couldn't fix."  He sat beside
the girl.  "It would seem that Sugar wasn't as completely innocent of men as you
thought he was."

	She shook her head.  "I know he was.  His mind played out like an old CD of
all his fears and worries.  He wasn't gender biased, but would rather belong to
on or two men, than too many.  Those were his exact thoughts."

	"It wasn't the submitting to a man making love to him that frightened him
so.  It was oral sex that had been forced on him, as one of the older and
stronger slaves in the holding area, raped his mouth that had him so upset."

	Kris began to swear.  "What is it?  Ever since we got back, we have had to
rescue one abused and frightened pet after the other.  Next thing you know, we
are going to be running a frigging shelter for the lost and confused."  She
stopped a slow and impish grin split her face.

	Jessy looked on, suspicious.  "Okay Kris, what is that sneaky little mind of
yours coming up with?"

	"You know how all our other family keeps going on about how good we train
them?  Complaining that it just isn't right for two so young to have come up
with the perfect idea."

	Jessy nodded.  "And?"

	"You remember back when I was so young, how I wanted to come up with a way
to help as many of the lost humans still out there?"

	"I think I know where you are going with this Kris.  And all I can say, you
are an adult.  If you think it can be done, then I'll pass word on to Rmaine, he
is Elder still here."  He hugged her.  "You do realize that we are going to need
a few more family members here for their training time, don't you?  You are an
adult, so I don't worry about you.  But Nicholas is still an infant, and it is
going to take a lot of time and blood until he gets past his first stages."

	She shrugged.  "I don't see how them coming here and staying to help us deal
with our bunch as a big deal for any of them.  Hell, I know Ramaine, he is
probably going to drag his boys with him and move in.  Aaron, hell he owns DP's. 
The thought of seeing to it that all those kids he has Diane gather up, to, be
sold.  He would love the idea.  Even if it is only the girls that he chases." 
She looked up at him.  "Please, Father, I know that when I first had this idea. 
That is just wasn't possible.  But now, slavery is the way of life for so many
of these poor kids.  Can't we try to see to it that we help as many of time as
possible?"

	Jessy looked down at her.  "I already told you how many times, Childe?  You
are an adult.  If you think this is possible, then I will back your decision to
try."

	Kris smiled.  "Thanks Dad."  She giggled at the pained look on Jessy's face 
"So how do you plan to handle this jerk that scared Sugar so?"

	"I'm not.  He is already paying for his life as is.  I think it was wrong to
do what he did to Sugar, but he is a man in a world where real men are no longer
allowed.  It has to be hell on him."

	"So what those assholes that hurt Baby like they did, it's going to be over
looked too?"

	An ugly look crossed Jessy's face.  "No, I can let what was done to Sugar
slide, it was done by a frightened and angry slave.  But what was done to Baby. 
Those men, were not slaves, but freemen who chose to abuse a defenseless boy,
just because he was a slave and had no one to protect him.  Same, with Pet and
Sweet's, stepfather.  There will be a lot of strange suicides by walking off
cliff's or into the water very soon."

	She hugged him.  "Now, that's the man I know and love."

	Jessy smiled as he watched as Ariel and Robby had, Sweet trapped between
them.  The girl bent over, ass up in the air as her head was trapped between
Ariel's thighs.  Robby was easing himself into her from the rear.  "I wonder if
I should warn Robby that he is her first."  He watched, as Robby was so very
slow and easy with the girl.  "No, I do believe my boy understands how she is
right now, all too well."

	"Yeah, he did have to help David while Tina was being punished, didn't he?" 
She cuddled close.  "So, you got most of them named.  How about Robby and
David?"

	Jessy kept watching Robby.  "That isn't going to be easy, love.  Lash and
Tease were almost a given.  But those two are not in any way like any of our old
pets were."

	Kris just laughed at him.  "You are a hoot.  If any of our kids ever needed
pet names more than those two, I've yet to meet them."

	Jessy looked down at her in surprise.  "You don't say.  Alright Childe, what
do you think there names should be?"

	"Well, Jess, look at them.  The only one in the house that, looks, less mean
than Robby does is Baby.  So what do most people name their little pooches? 
Call him Killer.  He is the one that wants to come with you when you go to visit
the twins stepfather, to let him know what if feels like to get the shit beat
out of you by what the man will think is, nothing but a kid.  And David come,
on, baby.  He's bigger than you are, hell he's bigger than Edward."

	"So you want me to name him what, Tiny?"

	"The boy's will understand the humor of it.  You got to admit, it is sort of
funny as hell."

	Jessy had to fight from laughing as he reached out to David.  *I do believe
I have finally come up with a name of your own, child.  Don't blame this on me,
it was all Kris's idea.  But from this point forward, you will no longer answer
to David.  You're new name is Tiny. *

	The laughter that reverberated through his head did nothing to keep his own
from boiling forth.  *Okay Jessy, Tiny it is.  Just tell Kris that, that still
doesn't change the fact that I'm over a foot taller than she is and built like a
brick wall.  Hell, I'm almost a foot and a half taller than Tina.  Speaking of
Tina, any words you want to pass along, name changes or something? *

	*Hold on, I'll talk about it with Kris. *  He smiled down at his wife and
Childe in his arms.  "You were right, he did think it funny.  He also sends a
message for you.  His name still doesn't change the fact that he is over a foot
taller than, you.  And built like a brick wall.  And we forgot one more in our
rush to see all the pets have names to go on their tags for Yule.  Any
suggestions for Tina?"

	That stopped Kris.  Killer and Tiny would understand the humor in their
names, but Tina would never get it.  So she was going to be one of those like
the rest that they were very careful with their choice.  "She is so tiny, and
looks so much like a little doll.  I'm not big into the double names that you
and Nick seem to be into tonight, so does Doll sound good to you?"

	*Tina? *  Jessy was pleased that he wasn't the one that had to come up with
anymore names.

	*Please, Jessy, Master.  Tiny just told me his name.  Please don't tell me
that you are naming anything like that.  I don't want to go by the name Amazon
or anything. *

	This time Jessy couldn't hold himself back, he just started to laugh. 
Having their pets here might be a bit bothersome sometimes, but all in all, they
were a true delight.  *No, from this day forward, your name is and will always
be Doll.  That make, you feel better? * 

	There was just a moment of quiet, but it didn't last long.  *Doll, thank you
Jessy.  I was so worried.  Tiny is so big and you named him what you did.  I was
afraid that what with him being my bedmate you would take it out to the fullest. 
But Doll, yeah, I like.  Thank you. *

	"And I think, what with Mel dealing with Little One now, that it would
probably be a good idea to change her name as well.  I know that means another
tag, but what's one more?  Gods know I have the money for it.  No matter how
much I spend the stuff just keeps growing on me."

	Jessy sat there, looking at her thinking.  "You know for some one, who isn't
even two hundred yet, you are showing a lot of promise.  I wonder just where you
got your gumption?

	"I don't know, Father, I can't think that far back.  But I got mine from
you, you got yours from Janis, she got hers from Asha and Asha got hers from
Anise.  After that I think it stops.  Anise's father went to the flames, just
like all those before him, remember?"

	"But don't forget there are older cousins out there.  Ramaine is older than
Anise, and is related to us."

	"I have lot's of cousins, and for the most part they are just as much like
us as if they were our direct family.  I know that now Father.  It took me a
while, but I finally did learn that."



	Robby came up to them, Sweet trapped between him and Ariel.  "Is it okay if
we take her out of here for a while Jessy.  She might be a lot lost right now,
but I think it would help her to relax even more, less a crowd and all."

	Jessy lifted his eyes from where hey had been lost in Kris's.  "So, my girl
here tells me you have this burning need to teach a fool a lesson before he
wanders off to die."

	*The more I get to know Sweet, the more I want to do real serious bodily
harm to the jackass who did what he did to her and Pet.  So yes, if you are
willing to let me.  I want to go.  Give him a taste of what it feels like to be
a victim for a wee bit.  I don't look any older than these kids do, so it should
confuse the hell out of him. *

	*Am I to take it that you and Ariel have taken a special liking to her? *

	*No more than any of the rest.  But Jessy, Master, she is one of us now. 
Her and her brother would have probably.  Knowing Kris ended up here anyway. 
But she and her twin were given a raw deal.  Kris says you're going to go and
visit him sooner or later.  All I want to do is, when you go, tag along. * 
Being a slave, or as Jessy and Kris liked to call them, pets, didn't bother him. 
If anything, being here meant that there were no more cold nights and the
desperate hunt for somewhere to sleep.  He loved, and was loved by all of them. 
That was something he could give up his freedom for, and did so many years back. 
And to this day, even the once or twice that he had gotten punished by Jessy,
didn't change that gladness.

	Jessy's eyebrow rose.  *Kris was right.  You are much more than you look. 
Sure baby, the three of you go have a good time. *  He grinned as Robby turned
to lead the two girls off.  *Oh, two things I forgot to tell you.  First you're
new name.  From this point forward.  You are Killer.  And second, be proud of
yourself boy.  Sweet was a virgin before you.  I didn't have time to see to it,
and watching on as you dealt with her, I knew that she was in good hands. *

	Killer dropped to the floor at Jessy's feet, tears streaming from his eyes. 
"Master, why didn't you tell me, what would have happened," he paused looking
back at Sweet.  "I could have hurt her."

	Jessy chuckled, stroking Killer's cheek.  "Your name is as much a oxymoron
as Tiny's is.  Such a hard and ugly name for such a sweet boy."

	"Tiny?" Killer looked at them for a second before beginning to laugh
himself.  "You named David, 'Tiny'?

	"Now and forever.  He will no longer thinks of his name as anything but
that.  He is upstairs celebrating his new name with Doll.  And before the night
is over, Melissa is going to have a sudden name change as well.  Now run on, and
stop being like this.  I watched you with her.  I knew that she was safe.  Ariel
is the oldest pet we have here now.  You are her lover.  Who else do you think I
should have trusted, Sweet to?  Even as lost as she is right now, one look at
Tiny and she would have been frightened again.  And you know how gender biased
Tease is, and Lash has his hands full at he moment."  The younger man filled his
arms.  "And yes, Hon when I go to visit him, you are more than welcome to come
and teach the fool a thing or two before he is no longer able to understand
anything."  He watched pleased as Killer pulled himself up, and with Ariel's
help led, Sweet away.  "If that boy's not careful, he is going to end up getting
under my skin.  And you know what happened to the last boy that did that?"

	"He now calls you father."  Yeah, there were more than just one or two of
their bunch that now with the lifting of the ban were going to end up her
brothers and sisters, and if Jessy didn't watch himself, she knew of at least
two that would call him grandfather.

	"So, now that I have sent the children off to play, what were you about to
suggest for Melissa?"

	"We didn't really have it in us when we named her way back then.  I mean,
Ariel, I can live with.  But Melissa is no dearer than her old name.  And now
that she is going to be caring for Little One during the day.  Don't you think
she deserves a special name, one that is more to the point than Melissa?"

	"So, do I dare ask what is on your mind?"

	"You said it first when she ran Tiny off that one time.  She is such a damn
Dyke.  So you think Dyke would go over well with her.  I know it has to be more
to her liking than Melissa is.  She has all be begged you and I how many times
to just call her Mel?"

	"This is the last one.  We have a whole house full of named pets and I don't
want to have to think about anything else for the rest of the night."  *Mel, how
is Little One doing? *

	*Steve is going to have to give me a wee bit of help with her.  I had no
idea what Kris was warning me about her, but now I do.  Great Mother, but this
wee one is a surprise. *

	*There is no one by that name here.  The one you are looking to talk to is
Lash.  I have been wracking my brains all evening for names for the lot of you. 
He is Lash, his boy is Tease, you know mine is Pet.  Nick has named his two,
first the kid from the club, Sugar.  And then the one that Anise rescued last
night, is Baby Love.  Pet's sister is Sweet Heart, but we just call her Sweet. 
Ariel's lover is Killer, and that boy you turned down is Tiny. *

	*Tiny, Saint's persevere us, Jessy.  You named that giant Tiny.  What have
you planned for me, Tinker Bell? *  Her horror and disgust was just too funny. 
Jessy lay his head on Kris's shoulder laughing helplessly.

	*No, but now that you mention it, that would be, * he paused, waiting.

	*Don't, Jessy, please, anything but that.  I am going to have a hard enough
time seeing to it that the lass gets what she wants, just don't make it any
harder on me. *

	*Calm down.  I was only teasing you.  I've called you by your new name, at
least once that I can remember.  Back when you ran Tiny off.  So now and
forever, your name is Dyke.  That makes things any easier on you? *

	*Aye, thank you Jessy.  Melissa was beginning to wear on me a bit.  But
Dyke, hell man, I am one.  So going by that name won't bother me none. *

	"And?"  Kris had watched his humor.

	"Dyke is fine with her name.  She was a bit worried after finding out Tiny's
name that I was going to name her Tinker Bell."

	"That would have been mean.  Funny, but mean."  Kris laughed.

		*	*	*

	"Go on Pet, run him back down stairs to his master and see if you can get
that last boy up here.  I think I'll see to the girls tomorrow after we finish
our daily clean up.  The first time takes for ever, after this, it's something
like twenty minutes or so a pop."

	Pet nodded.  "Come on Sugar.  I know your master has to be waiting for you. 
I'm afraid mine is going to come looking for me if I don't hurry up and let him
see I'm not up here hiding."  All in all, after his master had taken just a few
minutes with this one, he was up and raring to go.  Pet decided, that he didn't
think he could cum again, no matter how good it felt.

	"Do you think my master is going to be happy with me now?"  Sugar worried as
he hurried to keep up with Pet.

	"I would say with the way you are now, anyone with a pulse would be happy,
but that don't work.  He's dead.  So, as long as he's got a dick, he's going to
be happy.  How the hell did you learn to suck that hard?"

	Sugar blushed.  "My master, as he was showing me that it wasn't what I
thought it was, told me I didn't have to worry, I could be as aggressive with
him my other master and my mistress as I wanted to.  I couldn't hurt them."

	Pet laughed as he led him down the stairs.  "That's all well and good, but,
Sugar.  I'm not dead.  There were a few times I thought you were going to suck
the skin right off."  He pointed to where Nick and Baby still lay on the bed. 
"There he is, I took you, go see if your master will let you take him up stairs. 
I think I'm going to go over and see if my master will show me a little pity. 
I'm wore out and it's not even three in the morning yet."




ALL IN THE NAME OF LOVE

By: V.L. Marquette

Lightly edited by: Ravyn



	(Authors Note) This is a work of fiction, nothing more.  Any resemblance to
anyone alive, dead, or in the vampires case, Undead, are purely coincidental. 

	*****WARNING***** (NO ONE, AND I DO MEAN NO ONE.)  Under the age of 18, or
who lives in an area that this sort of material is illegal, should read any
farther. 



CHAPTER 12



	Nick looked up smiling as Sugar hurried over to him.  "I was beginning to
wonder if I was going to have to come looking for you."

	Sugar shook his head, an impish smile on his face.  "No Master, Lash says it
always takes the longest time the first time.  Two cleansings and three rinses,
he blushed.  My other master had to come up and prove to me that you and he
weren't like other men."

	"Sugar, love, I thought I had proven that already, when my father helped me
to make sure your first time didn't hurt."

	"I know that Master, but when I got up there and was told that I would be
expected to please you with my mouth often.  I sort of lost it.  That is when my
other master came up and proved to me that it wasn't like it had been at the
holding pen.  He was so kind, never once did he try to strangle me with his
cock.  Helped me to learn how to take it down my throat without choking."  He
looked down, suddenly realizing that it should have been his master that had
done all that Jessy had for him.  "I'm sorry, Master.  I know I should have
begged him to let it be you, but I was still so afraid right then, and after I
began to lose my fear, I didn't want to think about anyone but him."

	Nick pulled himself up, to take the boy in his arms.  "No, honey.  You did
the right thing.  My father would have never let me go into that room with as
scared and confused as you were at the time.  Right now, I'm like three days
old, and like any other baby, don't do well with fear.  That is why he dominated
Pet's sister.  Because with me here, he didn't have the time to help her work
though her fears."  He squeezed the boy tightly.  "So did my father show you
that it isn't a nightmare?"

	"Yes Master, it was so good.  I only wish we could take blood from you like
that."  He was crimson again.  "But your father, my other master, he said it
couldn't be done."

	Nick just laughed at him.  "Yeah, I know, I had been warned back when I had
thought of it too.  Pet was still around at the time, and just laughed at me and
warned me that he had damn near killed a dead man trying."

	Sugar didn't blush this time as he slid into Nick's lap.  "Pet, told me,
that seeing as he had been the one to take me up, that it was my turn with Baby. 
Is that all right with you Master?  I will have to take him to the other master
to see to it that it that the cramping doesn't hurt.  I cramped a whole lot, and
if master hadn't seen to it that I would feel no pain, I would have been in
serious hurt."

	Nick reached out for Baby.  "Sure Sugar.  It shouldn't take my father more
than a couple of seconds.  Just make sure you ask real nice."



	Lash looked up as Sugar led Baby into his room.  "The last for the night." 
He had been toying with Tease and his, lover, was hung up, by his wrists, his
raging erection had taking several blows with a crop, and was about to explode. 
"Sorry, Tease. But I have work to do.  So you just hold that thought, unless of
course, you can talk Sugar into helping you."

	"No, please, Master.  Don't stop, please, finish with me."  Tease was in
tears, he had been spanked, whipped, and his balls cropped to the point that if
Lash didn't finish with him, he was afraid he would go insane.

	Lash only laughed at him.  Handed the riding crop to Sugar.  "It's up to you
honey, he can hang there until I am finished with Baby, or you can see what you
can do about making him scream.  Don't worry none honey.  Tease likes it when he
is made to scream.  And just think.  Soon enough, he is going to be one of those
that help your master learn how to see to your needs.  Don't you think it only
right, you start helping to see to his?"  Lash reached out and took Baby's hand. 
"It's okay Baby, I'm not going to hurt you.  You're not like Tease and Sugar." 
He led him into the bathroom.  "Up on the table with you.  Leg's go into the
stirrups."  He stopped and looked closely at the semi-erect penis between Baby's
thighs.  "That looks tasty Baby.  I didn't think that an infant could be born in
this day and age and not end up cut.  Jessy, yes, all the other really old
vampire's yes, but not a boy your age."

	Baby blushed.  "My father wasn't cut, and he wouldn't let then cut me.  Said
that if a man wanted his dick cut, he should be old enough to decide for himself
to have it done." 

	"A very wise man."  Lash commented as he filled the bag full of warm water,
again, adding just the right amount of cleaning solution.  Before screwing the
hose on.  He then attached the nozzle to the end and stepped between Baby's open
legs.  "Could I get you to scoot down a bit?"  He stopped.  Smiling to himself
as he heard, Tease's cries of pleasure and screams of pain.  "Looks like Sugar
finally took pity on my boy."

	"He, he's hurting him."  There was fear in Baby's tone.

	"Aye, that he is, and Tease, he's such a pain slut that he is loving every
minute of it.  Trust me Baby.  I didn't hear another sound of the crop, so Sugar
has taken it into his head to suck the skin off his cock.  Sugar could, in
Kris's words, suck start a Harley under ten foot of water, what ever that is."

	"It's an old thing called a motorcycle.  I read about them back when I was
in history class."  Baby watched as Lash lubricated the nozzle.  Then his
fingers began to tease his tight little hole, thrusting gently to see to it that
he was ready for the nozzle.  Baby, moaned softly as he felt it slowly and
easily slide into his rectum.

	Lash laughed softly as he inflated the nozzle so that no water could escape. 
"Oh, that's right.  Now I get the joke.  Been wondering what she was talking
about for ages."  He hung the bottle up on the arm by Baby's right hip, opening
the valve.  "So, a history buff hu?"

	Baby was about to answer him when Tease's voice sounded out through the
room, loud enough to be heard quite clearly in the bathroom.  "Please, oh yes,
harder, please, suck me harder."

	Lash and Baby both began to laugh.  "Looks like I am going to have to get
instructions from Jessy on how to do what that boy can."  He leaned down and
kissed Baby's flaccid piece, licking it just a little.  "I don't think I can
make any one scream quite the way Sugar can, but I don't think you want that, do
you?"

	The boy shook his head violently.  "Please, I'll be good, just don't hurt
me."

	The tongue that was gently bathing Baby's cock and balls just increased its
efforts.  "I won't hurt you Baby, I only hurt people who want to be hurt.  And
then, only if they ask very nicely."

	Baby, moaned as he began, to feel himself relax.  So far, no one had hurt
him, even when his master had fucked him.  He had called it making love, and it
hadn't hurt.

	Lash looked up from the attention he was giving Baby's balls.  "Am I going
to need Jessy to come up here and prove to you that oral sex isn't the same for
them as it had been for those cretins that had raped you?"

	Baby shook his head.  He didn't want to disturb the head master in this
house.  "I'll be good, do anything you say, please don't bother my masters
father."  There was real fear in his words.  Jessy had dominated that other girl
took her mind from her.  He trusted his master, but was unsure of his father.

	This time when Lash reached for Jessy, he chose his words very carefully. 
This made the second youngster he had to deal with in a row that had nothing but
bad experiences with the littlest of things.  *Master, * his thoughts were soft
as he continued to lip Baby's uncut hardness.  *Forgive me for calling you
again, but I think I might need a little support with Baby. *

	*This one I was waiting on.  We hadn't known of Sugar's problems, but Baby,
I'll be up soon. *  Jessy leaned down and kissed Pet smiling at the boy.  "Be
back as soon as I can.  Looks like I am going to have to do a repeat performance
with Baby."

	Pet smiled, leaning back against Nick.  "It's okay Master, I understand."



	Jessy almost stumbled as he opened the door to Lash and Tease's room. 
Tease, was hung high by the wrists and Sugar was on his knees teasing the poor
fellow.  "And to think, less than two hours ago, you were afraid of a simple
blowjob."  Sugar turned to look at him at once, head dropping, eyes down.  "No,
don't do that.  You're not in any trouble.  I was just commenting on the effort
you seem to be putting into trying to pull the skin of Tease's dick."

	Sugar blushed.  "He wanted me to hit him Master, I, I just couldn't do that. 
But your slave, Pet, he complained that I sucked too hard.  I thought maybe if I
did that, he wouldn't keep asking me to hit him.  Not even if he is going to
help my master learn how to hit me."

	Jessy threw his head back and laughed.  "Out of the mouths of babes."  He
brushed his fingers against Sugar's cheek.  "Well, have fun you two.  I am
needed else where right now."

	Baby didn't hear the door open, his whole mind and body was firmly
concentrating on the wonderful feelings that Lash was making him feel, as the
older man, gently sucked and licked his

	Baby's eyes snapped open as Jessy brushed his fingers against his cheek. 
"Master," he looked up at him in fear.  Then down at Lash, who had pulled back,
waiting for Jessy's instructions.  "I wasn't making any noises."  He began to
cry.  "Why did you call him?  I said I would be good, do anything I was told to
do, why?"

	Jessy, stroked Baby's cheek again, making soft shushing noises.  "Don't be
upset with Lash, honey.  I had been waiting on his call.  You were raped, and
more than once.  Of course you are afraid.  I'm not upset or bothered, not in
the least.  So just relax."

	Baby closed his eyes, trying to calm down.  "You, you aren't going to do to
me what you did to Pet's sister are you?"  His eyes met Jessy's.  "Please
Master, this slave, he will be good.  He will do anything his master says.  Just
please," he was no longer just crying.  But as hard as the child was sobbing,
the smell of fear was no where near as bad as it had been with Sweet Heart.

	Jessy cupped Baby's chin in the palm of his hand.  "Baby, are you listening
to me?"  The sobbing boy nodded.  "I didn't let your first time with my son hurt
you.  Nor are the cramps of your first cleansing causing you, pain.  So, you
know I will not lie to you.  Yes you are frightened, but the feel and scent of
your fear is no where near as strong as Sweet's was.  So I have no reason to
dominate you."  He wrapped the boy in soothing energy as he nodded to Lash to
continue with what he was doing.  "There, that make you feel better?"

	"Your slave," he stopped, trying to control himself.  "I mean, I am sorry
Master.  I'm not usually like this, or wasn't before."  His eyes closed as Lash
began his teasing again.  A soft moan slipped past his lips.

	Jessy chuckled softly, leaning to kiss him.  "I wouldn't worry about it if I
were you Baby.  I mean, how often does a mortal find himself belonging to one of
my kind?"  The fear was beginning to fade.  "Tell you what, Baby, would you feel
better if your master were here with you?  Sugar was much too frightened for him
to deal with.  But you," he smiled down at the boy.  "You, are much more
resilient than he was."

	Baby pressed his face into Jessy's hand.  "My master, he won't be mad at me,
will he?"

	*Nicholas, you have a pet up here, that I do believe would be much more at
peace with you than me. *

	*Is Baby, okay? *

	*If he weren't, I wouldn't let you anywhere near him.  It's okay Childe.  I
really think he would feel much more comfortable with you, than he does with me. 
The thought that what I did to Pet's sister.  Is what worries him the most.  So,
come on up here and take my place. *

	*Be there in just a minute. *  The connection broke.

	Baby looked up at Jessy, closely.  "Master?"

	"It's okay Baby, your master will be with you soon enough.  I won't leave
you alone, until he makes it here.  After that, I happen to have a pet that
needs my attention.  Sugar wore him out."

	Lash looked up at Jessy.  "So, you think Nick is going to be able to deal
with him?"

	Jessy looked down at Baby.  "How are you doing child?  If I leave you here
with Lash and Nick, you think you are going to be alright?"

	"You worry too much."  Nick's amused voice from the door.  "Now with Sugar,
I can see why you wouldn't want me anywhere near him while he was freaked out. 
I can even see Kris and your worries about Sweet Heart."  He gave Jessy a hurt
look.  "But, Baby, him I knew what I was up against when I asked for him.  So
the kid is a little jumpy, hell Dad, I'd be jumpy too if I had just went through
what he had.  Calm down Father, like I told Kris.  Unlike you or her, I've been
a pet before.  I know what he needs."

	Jessy pulled back from where he had been trying to calm Baby.  "You don't
say.  Well then, have at it Childe.  Let's see just how much I over reacted." 
There was an amused tone to his voice and eyes.  He knew how difficult dealing
with their fears was.  Had worked with Kris back when she had been Nicholas's
age.  But of course, his son was like any child, mortal or not, he believed he
knew more than the adults around him did.  "Should I leave Lash here with you to
finish his cleansing, or do you plan to complete that as well?"

	Nick smiled.  "If it is all the same to you, Father.  Can I keep Lash here,
he knows more about this sort of thing than I do."

	Jessy nodded before slipping from the room.  Lash, I am down below, if he
has any problems, call me. *

	*Will do. *  Lash was none too comfortable with Jessy leaving Nick alone up
here with the boy, who had just a few minutes ago, been in tears.  But what
could he do?  "Okay, Baby.  Time to empty you out and start the second one. 
Don't get upset, it's pretty ugly, but the first time always is."  He looked up
at Nick.  "Could you please have him scoot down a little more so I can make sure
the bucket is squarely under him when I pull the nozzle out?"

	Nick carefully helped Baby to slide down so that his ass was hanging even
more off the table.  "You know Baby, all in all, you have done pretty good.  I
figured you would be worse than Sugar was, even after hearing what had happened
to him."

	Baby looked up at him, his dark eyes searching Nick's blue.  "I'm sorry
Master, I didn't mean to bother anyone.  I am trying to be good."

	Nick just laughed at him, bending down to brush a light kiss over his lips. 
"Trying, honey, you are being better than any of us could have hoped.  Don't
worry about it.  Jessy wasn't upset with you, and me, I'm thrilled to help you. 
Like I said earlier, I understand you better than they do.  I at least have been
a pet, or in your understanding, a slave before.  Now hush."

		*	*	*

	Kris looked up from where she was holding Pet, as Jessy came down the
stairs.  "Everything okay?"

	"That boy, I swear he is even worse than you were once you had made it back
to yourself.  He is up there, fussing over that boy of his."  He collected both
his Childe and pet in his arms.  Hopefully, I will have the rest of the night in
peace.  Our pets are named.  And if everything works out as well as it does
look, they are all quite happy for now."

	Pet pressed against Jessy's side.  His mistress had taken pity on him and
shared her blood with him, but now, all he wanted to do was loss himself in the
pleasure of the flesh and lust that always burned in him after either a feeding
or a sharing.  "Master," he leaned up, to kiss Jessy.  "My mistress shared her
blood with me, I'm not tired anymore."

	Kris just chuckled, pulling back.  "I do think Father, that, that was an
invitation.  Sure as hell sounded like one to me.  Go on, I'll see how Dyke and
Little One are doing.  Who knows, she might want my help with my girl.  To
think, I talked you into getting her for me way back when, and she is the one
that I have left my newest ones care too.  Gods, but I feel absolutely
responsible."  She kissed them both before pulling herself up to head up the
stairs.



	Pet cuddled even closer as Jessy wrapped him in his arms.  Mouth open to the
kiss that his master was giving him.  Body ever ready to respond to any desire
his master had.  He trusted this man, even if he didn't understand what he was
completely.  Understanding wasn't important right now, only feeling and lust
mattered.  'I really love this man, I really do'.  The thought of loving
something as different from him as his master was didn't bother him, if anything
as he felt Jessy's fangs pierce the flesh of his throat it only made his love
and trust stronger.

	Jessy heard the thoughts as they played out in Pet's head, smiling to
himself as he fed.  The things he would show this child, the pleasure he would
introduce him too.  Soon, with as darling as this one was, he would not be the
only one of his kind to adore him.

	Pet didn't know what he wanted to do more.  Melt into his master's arms or
attack him as the wonderful feeling of joy filled him as Jessy pulled back,
licking and kissing the wound to close it.  Before his mouth captured Pet's
again.

	At the feel of his master's hands on his body, Pet decided to attack him,
throwing his arms around Jessy's neck, pressing his body even farther against
his.  Hips rising to meet the grip of the hand that stroked him with firm, but,
gentle passionate strength.  "Let's go to the bed, Pet.  I want to feel your
lips on me."  Jessy whispered in Pet's ear.  "Even more, I want to love you." 
Jessy pulled himself up, bent over and gathered Pet in his arms.

	Pet didn't move, could barely breathe as Jessy carried him to the bed.  His
master wanted to love him.  That was the promise that stirred his soul.  Again,
he wasn't going to be fucked, but Jessy his master was going to make love to
him.  He was sobbing softly, as he held on to Jessy's shoulders as he was lay on
the bed.

	Jessy chucked softly.  "Now, Pet its time for you to be on your knees before
me."  He gently disengaged Pet's arms from around his neck.

	Pet practically jumped off the bed to kneel at Jessy's feet.  Hands going to
lace his fingers behind his head, eyes down.  He was confused.  So far his
master had been so kind to him, so easy.  Why now, after promising to make love
to him, did he want him on his knees in front of him?  "Master?"

	Jessy lifted Pet's chin, smiling down at him.  "It's okay Pet.  Remember
what I said earlier, about the only time I want to see you on your knees before
me?"

	Pet turned a bright red as he unlocked his fingers from behind his head. 
Jessy wanted to feel his lips on him.  He only wanted to see him on his knees
before him when he was blowing him.  "Sorry Master, forgot."  He leaned in, with
the tip of his tongue to catch the blood red pre-cum that was seeping from the
cock before him.  His body jolted by the taste and the power of the first drop. 
He wanted more.  And his first instinct was to just push his mouth down on
Jessy's erection and bury it in his throat, but his master had other ideas.

	"Slowly Pet.  Take your time.  We have until dawn, I am in no hurry."  Jessy
stroked his hair gently as he pulled back a little.  Keeping just the head of
his pulsing cock in the boy's mouth.

	Pet closed his eyes, trying to force a calm on his emotions, but it wasn't
easy.  He tried to remember everything that the other master had told him to do. 
As he began to slowly lick around the head of the cock in his mouth.  His right
hand reaching up to cup Jessy's balls in it.  Stroking and lightly squeezing
them, as his tongue moved up and down the smooth shaft.

	Jessy moaned softly his fingers tangling, themselves, in Pet's hair as the
boy continued to work on his erection, licking and nibbling in a shy but eager
fashion.  "That's the way."  He encouraged the boy at his feet.  "You don't have
to be shy with me, Pet.  You can't hurt me, so be as wild and as aggressive as
you want.  I want to feel your aggressions."

	Pet looked up at him in shock.  He wanted him to be aggressive.  That was
not something that he had expected.  Be open be willing, yes, but aggressive? 
*? *  He was at a loss. 

	Jessy's rumbled chuckle was soft as he pulled the boy up to kiss him hard. 
It was going to take him time to get this one past his shyness.  But he was
certain that he had plenty of time to bring him around.  "Relax Pet, just let
yourself go.  I want to feel your pleasure even as I feel mine."  He turned
laying the boy back on the bed.  "Share this with me."

	Jessy lay over Pet, pressing him under his weight as he began to show and
share with Pet what he was trying to make him understand.  Ever conscious that
the boy under him was only mortal.  And as such, all too frail.  But a little
show of force wouldn't hurt the boy any.  If anything, it might make it easier
for Pet to finally understand what Jessy was trying to explain to him.  *Now
Pet, I want you to share this with me. *

	Pet's moan of pleasure was nothing but a muffled sound as the head of his
master's cock filled his mouth again.  The feel of the cool tongue as it, ran,
around the head of his own cock made thinking almost impossible.  So he stopped
trying to think.  And just gave into what he was feeling. 

	Jessy felt the boy under him let go.  Opening himself, fully, to what ever
he had planned for him.  That was what he had been waiting for.  And as his
mouth slowly took Pet's seeping rod into his mouth, pulling it farther and
farther until it was completely buried in his cool cavern, he began to slowly
work his own shaft into his pet's mouth.  Slowly, a little forward, then pulling
back, then a little more.  Pausing each time he hit Pet's gag reflex.  *Relax,
just swallow.  I might not need air, but I know you do. *

	It took a little more time, with the ease in and pull back, before Jessy
could finally work his entire seven and a half inches into the boy's throat, but
once he had, he began to set up a slow and easy rhythm.  Matching it with the
one he was working on the warm sweet piece he had in his mouth.  Pulling his
fangs back to make sure that he didn't, at any time, accidentally bite the boy.

	Pet was having trouble breathing.  Not because of anything that his master
was doing to him, but because he kept forgetting to do so.  It felt so good, the
cool feel on his dick and the equally cool one in his mouth.  He kept trying to
moan and cry out, but his masters manhood kept him sufficiently gagged.  All he
could do was mindlessly thrust up into the pull that was taking his mind and
hold on as he struggled to return the same show of love and force.

	Pet's mind went white as he felt a slow, firm but gentle finger rubbing his
puckered opening.  He was torn between the need to thrust upward into the cool
cavern that was holding him, and the want to press down to work that finger that
was teasing him, into his rectum.  He was so lost in the joy of the feeling that
he lost all control.   He came, pushing up, as shot after shot of his seed
filled his master's greedy mouth.  His own mouth closing over Jessy's cock and
pulled on it like he had never pulled on anything before.  Mindless of the
danger, his jaws clamped down as he bit Jessy, just behind the head of his cock. 
And began to pull on it as hard as he could.  Wanting to give him even a
fraction of the pleasure that he had just received.

	That first, feel, of Pet's teeth as they came down on him and the added
force to his suction, was glorious.  Jessy cried out low and let his own orgasm
take him, rewarding the boy under him, for showing the first true sign of
passion.

	The first taste of Jessy's release as it filled his mouth was almost more
than he could stand.  His own cock, even though it had just emptied his seed
into Jessy's mouth, was spasming again as another orgasm ripped through his
body.  He screamed cried and held on to Jessy even harder as he took the release
that was offered him.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Veronica Leigh Marquette


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





