BDSM Library - Fulfilling Fourth




Fulfilling Fourth
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman's explosive revenge!
The Fulfilling Fourth


	She had always liked Ted for his gentle approach and intuitive nature.  As
her boss, Julie had always shown him the deepest respect and worked willingly by
his side until the wee hours of the morning, knowing that he would augment her
pay far more than her efforts warranted.  Yet deprived of the sexual attention
she had always longed for from home, she was beginning to see Ted in a different
way and began to actively find ways to spend more time with him alone.  Late one
hot August night as simmering passions flared, he finally submitted to her shy
overtures and, after a quick dinner and a long hushed walk through a nearby
park, he invited his faithful assistant to his townhouse and the unmade bed
within. 

	Amidst anxious touches and nervous giggles, they were soon disrobed and
entwined in his darkened bedroom as the sounds of the city thundered below. 
Julie had been a virgin when she had married over five long years ago, and had
remained true to her uncaring spouse despite his selfish lovemaking and
insensitivity to her intimate needs.  She had never felt another man within her
until Ted eased his substantial member into her now prolifically flowing pussy. 
At first the searing intrusion was almost painful, but as her abundant
secretions lubricated his throbbing pole, she found herself in orgasmic ecstasy
she had never known before.  Three orgasms and substantial after play later, she
secretly vowed to spend her life with him.

	Two days later, when she finally returned to the small weathered apartment,
she was greeted at the door by her enraged husband.  Ignoring her feeble
explanations, he beat her soundly until the police finally arrived thanks to an
overly concerned neighbor.  As they tore  him away from his senseless companion,
they could scarcely believe the carnage he had inflicted on her frail body.  She
remained in the hospital for over a month and swore revenge with each passing
day.  Ted came to see her several times during the first week, then
intentionally stayed away for fear of antagonizing her husband. 

	The day Julie was finally released from the hospital, a restraining order
was already in effect against her husband and her first call from home was to
her beloved Ted.  With a hurried explanation and heartfelt apology, he was on
his way to their long awaited reunion.  When Ted arrived, she was waiting with
open arms, unaware that her husband was also awaiting his arrival just outside
of her field of view.  As Ted stepped from his trendy sedan, a shot rang out,
and Julie watched her lover crumple to the pavement.  The well aimed shot had
effectively emasculated Ted, splattering his over ripe genitals into the depths
of his abdomen while giving him and new and oversized asshole. 

	Once again, the police were summoned to the troubled residence, and after a
brief pursuit, the assailant was finally pinned against a cyclone fence where he
pissed himself.  Julie knelt beside the lifeless form of her lover and former
employer tenderly, as her tears washed away her make-up.   From deep within, her
anger continued to build and she knew that there was no punishment that could
ever restore the love she had lost.  Once the corpse was gone and the endless
questions answered, she returned to her shabby apartment, and cried herself to
sleep, now resigned to collect unemployment checks and endure a particularly
cruel barrage of questions during the trial.

	Three years to the date when he was incarcerated, he stepped into the open
air of freedom just beyond the towering walls of stone and barbed wire.  Julie
was waiting for him there in the family wagon, calm and resolute that justice
would be served.  In two days it would be the fourth of July, and she was
prepared with all the laced booze he would need to remain embalmed through his
final holiday.  Upon returning to their newly decorated apartment, he
immediately tried to rape Julie, but fortunately the narcotic took effect almost
instantly, and he remained chemically senseless for the remainder of his life. 



	As darkness settled over the city, Julie put her meticulous plans into
effect by waiting until the fireworks displays were about to begin.  Dragging
his blubbering body to the freight elevator, she punched the button for the top
floor, and drummed her fingers nervously against the bag of fireworks as she
rested her left foot firmly on his torso.  Once the elevator jolted to a stop,
she drug his drunken body up the  stairs on the fire escape and through the
heavy metal door onto the roof.  Panting, she peeled his soiled clothing off of
his body and paused to reflect on the lifeless piece of flesh that had stolen
her virginity and pumped countless gallons of cum into her unsatisfied pussy. He
would be made to pay for all the frustrating nights she had silently endured. 

 	As the distant fireworks began their brilliant displays, Julie began to hum
patriotic songs to herself as she tightly wrapped a spool of thin tungsten wire
around the base of the head of his cock and connected it to one of three large
bottle rockets neatly tucked nearby in a rusty drainpipe.  Next, a second round
of the thin cutting wire was tightly wrapped around the base of his now
enlarging cock, cutting the circulation to the spongy organ as she tied it to
the nose cone of a  somewhat larger rocket.  The third rocket was securely
fastened to a long stretch of wire wrapped firmly around her husbands wrinkled
ball sack and an M-80 was eased into his puckered asshole with the long fuse
trickled over his thigh and onto the pebbled roofing.  Pausing to admire her
handiwork and to make last minute adjustments in the wires and fireworks, she
gazed at the aerial display in the distance and smiled as he began to stir from
his drugged stupor.

	With a broad grin, she turned and set up the tripod housing the video
camera, with its single floodlight that illuminated his torso completely.  Then,
taking a deep breath, she inserted two bright orange earplugs and lit the first
fuse.  With a startling whoosh, the first rocket soared skyward, taking up the
slack in the wire and stretching the flaccid flesh grotesquely an instant before
cleanly severing the cock head.  He screamed and became instantly sober as Julie
lit the second rocket.  Within a few brief moments, as her husband barely had
time to asses what was about to transpire, the second rocket roared into the
night sky, severing his beloved manhood in a spray of blood.  His ensuing scream
was cut short as Julie positioned her wet pussy over his mouth and sat on it
forcefully, rubbing her aroused labia against his gasping mouth forcefully. 
With a mighty whoosh, the third rocket sent his ball sack high into the night
sky and the sizzling fuse of the bomb tucked in his sphincter left a line of
burnt flesh across his thigh.  Arching his back in agony, he forced a final
muffled scream into her wet pussy as the M-80 blew his torso open, spraying what
was left of his genitals over the surrounding pavement.  Her orgasm roared
through her limbs as his last tortured breath escaped.

	The sky was now aglow from the fireworks displays and the air was filled
with noisy repercussions and sulphur smoke.  Shakily, Julie rose and stumbled
over to the bag where she pulled out a can of gas and doused the area.  Then,
with a smirk of fulfillment, she grabbed the video camera and blew her husband's
corpse a final kiss.  As she stepped through the heavy door, she flipped a match
onto his pathetic corpse and headed back to her apartment.  Later that night, as
the fire department was rolling up their hoses and the police were wrapping up
their investigation, Julie slipped away unnoticed into the night and was never
found. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





