BDSM Library - Pre-game superstition




Pre-game superstition
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl becomes a slave to her own superstitious behavior and must perform sex acts to play well.
Pre-game Superstition

As Katie knelt there on all fours, her ass being reamed out by the huge cock,
she tried to remember how it all started.

Katie was the best player on her college basketball team and widely known as the
hottest girl on campus. She had long, curly brown hair, long legs and a cute
face. The only thing she lacked was in the chest department but she more than
made up for her 32A breasts with a fun-loving personality. Attendance at women's
basketball games at her small school had tripled in her time there and most were
sure it was because of her.

Even way back in high school, Katie had been very superstitious before games.
She had the same breakfast on game days, ate the same lunch and did all of the
same things. She had special socks she wore to games along with certain panties
and bra. As soon as her team lost (which was rare in both high school and
college), she moved on to new bra and panties and socks. Even sneaks became
expendable to her superstitious streak.

In college, she started dating the point guard on the men's team, a boy named
Kyle. They became THE couple on their small campus, everyone watching where they
went and what they did. They were celebrities on campus and she was the darling
of the school.

Then one day, before the first game of her junior year, she ran into a boy that
she had dated in high school named Mitch. He had been her first love and had
taken all of her virginities during their three-year courtship. He had gone to
school out of state and they had drifted apart but whenever they came together,
the sparks flew.

She had just been coming out of game day shootaround. Kyle was on the road with
the men's team and Katie was horny. She was just leaving the sports complex when
she saw the red sports car that Mitch had driven all through school, a gift from
his rich grandfather. The sight of a car like that always drew Katie's attention
and made her a little wistful, especially when her body was in heat like today.

Then the car pulled closer and she gasped...it was Mitch in the old car. Her
face broke into a huge smile as the big man got out and wrapped her in a bear
hug.

"Katie, I'm so glad I found you. I've missed you so much."

The two hopped into the car and went for lunch, reminiscing over old times and
catching up. Katie filled Mitch in about basketball and Kyle...in that order he
noticed. Mitch told her about a girl he was seeing, Jackie. She had no right to
be, but Katie was a bit jealous. Even though she had moved on to a new boy she
wanted to believe that Mitch would never find another girl.

"Kate, I have a proposition for you. You can say no, especially with your
relationship with Kyle and the fact that you have a game tonight."

Now the girl's interest was peaked...Mitch was never dull.

"Shoot Mitch...I want to hear your plan."

"Well, as much as I love Jackie, no one fucks like you. I've done a few now
since you but you were always the best."

A strange compliment but a compliment nonetheless, Katie thought. "Yeah...and?"

"And, I was wondering if we could have a little romp today. No strings attached,
just me and you and some good, old fashioned fucking."

Katie's eyes opened wide. She had never messed up her pregame ritual like that
before and had never had sex the day of a game before. But there was no denying
her soaked panties beneath her jeans and the shivers going through her entire
body.

"Just one time, no strings," she asked, her face forming her flirty smile.

The boy, knowing that look, knew he had hooked his catch. He nodded, trying to
hide his excitement.

"OK, let's go back to my apartment."

Mitch paid the bill and drove like a wild man back to her apartment complex.
They were groping each other the second the door closed behind them. Within
seconds Katie's jeans were off and T-shirt was bunched at her neck. Mitch seemed
to have hands everywhere, between her legs and inside her panties, and cupping
her small tits. She moaned in pleasure, her back up against the wall, her arms
above her in surrender. She felt Mitch drop to his knees and pull her panties
down. She felt the chill hit her pussy as the breeze touched her now sopping
pussy.

Then his tongue...oh God...that amazing tongue. She had almost forgotten about
that attribute. He was so good at making her cum orally...his tongue darting
between her pussy lips, touching places that Kyle never did. She moaned, she
bucked and, best of all, she came and she came, losing track of her orgasms.

Finally he moved his mouth away. Eagerly, she dropped to her knees and grabbed
his head, kissing him hard on the mouth, tasting her juices and his sweet lips.
Her hand expertly undid his jeans and pulled them down gently, knowing that his
cock was rock hard and not wanting to hurt that precious organ. She gently
pushed him onto his back and took his cock in her mouth...this was something
that she remembered very well...the taste of his beautiful cock. She was an
expert cocksucker, relished the art of making a partner cum over and over. She
took his cock, now achingly hard for the boy, and sucked him gently...then
started gripping with her lips, moving her tongue along the underside, the way
she knew boys liked. His moans proved her point and within a few seconds, he
came in her mouth. She swallowed it, remembering again the taste of his cum,
loving it as it went down her throat.

She was surprised that he stayed hard in her mouth...by now Kyle would have
passed out...by now most men would have passed out. Not Mitch. He was still hard
and wanted more. He lifted her long, thin body into his arms and carried her
into the bedroom and placed her onto the bed that she had shared just yesterday
with Kyle. Now she laid on her back and spread her legs as wide as possible to
allow Mitch access. He teased her a little, pressing just the head of his large
cock in between her pussy lips. By now Katie was in major heat, needing that
large thing inside of her searing hot and wet pussy. She bucked her ass into the
air and then Mitch pushed his way entirely in.

Katie screamed out in pleasure, his cock completely filling her, every inch of
her pussy now touched by his manhood. She bucked and fucked him like crazy and
he barely needed to do anything at all. Finally she shivered and screamed out
his name and they came together, his spunk filling her quivering messy cunt.

She feel back exhausted and he fell on top of her. She was amazed again that he
still had not finished...his cock was still hard.

"I need one more...I want to complete the whole round...I want to cum in your
ass."

Katie shivered yet again. No one had been in her ass since Mitch had done it the
night of her senior prom three years before. She remembered that night fondly as
well...the only other time he had cum in all three of her holes.

She nodded her head yes, unable to form the words. Automatically, she turned and
got into position on all fours. Mitch's cock was soaked with a mixture of his
cum and her juices from fucking her pussy and slid inside easily. She remembered
this full feeling fondly...a feeling that she was possessed by someone she
loved...a feeling that she should savor and enjoy. He moved slowly...in no rush
after cumming twice already. Everytime he pushed in completely, his balls rubbed
against her still ripe pussy and she moaned in pleasure.

Finally, after nearly an hour of an ass fuck, he pushed in and moaned. At the
same time, she found the magic button with her fingers and came with a guttoral
groan of her own. They collapsed onto the bed together, her cock still in her
ass, and both fell into a deep sleep.

They awoke to the sound of the phone ringing and a voice on the answering
machine.

"KATIE! KATIE!!! IT's Cindy...Where Are you? The game is starting in an hour.
You're going to miss warm-ups honey."

The girl jumped out of bed, feeling Mitch's cock plop out of her.

"SHIT! I'm late for the game." She stood up and felt the mixture of his cum and
her juices spill out of her lower holes. "Christ no time to shower." She threw
on jeans and the T-shirt and ran out of the apartment without her lucky bra and
panties.

She got to the locker room just in time and threw on her uniform, bare
underneath. Her teammates gave her funny looks, both because of her smell of sex
and the obvious fact that she was naked under her uniform. She prayed that no
one else would notice but of course everyone did. That night, she had the game
of her career, 34 points and 12 assists, both school records.

By the time the game was over, Mitch was gone, leaving a thank you note on her
bed. She fell into a deep sleep, dreaming about her encounter.

The next game, she went back to her old routine and the game was a disaster. No
points and a benching. She tried it again the next night, no sex and wearing bra
and panties and played even worse, causing her team to get blown out.

"What is the matter with you Katie," her coach asked. "I've never seen you play
this bad. You better shape up for the next game against State or you might be
out of your starting job."

Katie was desperate and again, Kyle was on the road. Plus, how would she explain
it...you see, Kyle, I was fucking Mitch, my old boyfriend, in all three holes
before my last game and...she thought not.

As she walked to her apartment, she ran into Jim, a great looking lacrosse
player that all of her teammates thought was handsome. He would be the perfect
guy to try the superstition on...if it failed, at least he was hot.

She explained her predicament and he readily agreed. It took time but he finally
managed to cum in all three of her holes. That night she played without bra and
panties again, the cum mixture dripping out of her and she scored 30 again in
her team's win.

Prior to the next game, she went back to Jim, who agreed again. Even though his
cock had hurt for three days afterwards, the chance to fuck a cute piece like
Katie rarely came along. Again it took some time but his cum finally filled her
holes. That night she played again and struggled...not as bad as before but
nothing like the other two games.

That night, in bed, she racked her brain...then it hit her. It had to be someone
new every time. So, now, on game days, Katie scours the campus, looking for
someone to fill her needs. That was how she arrived here today. Fat, sweaty,
small-dicked Phil was fucking her ass, struggling to keep his almost limp organ
in her now stretched out ass.

"Please Phil, hurry...the game starts in an hour. I have to go..."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  katie lynch


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





