BDSM Library - Melinda's Humiliation




Melinda's Humiliation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Melindas secret taste for a special humiliation is figured out by a secret admirer. Her vulnerability to cow treatment is her downfall.
M/f  F/f D/s humil


Introduction

This story is very niche in nature. This is something that isnt universal to all
, its about humiliation in a narrow way. After all , what is humiliation ? It
depends on the victims point of view. Some people can admit to things very
easily , and that would be the end of the matter to them. To other people , that
very admission would make them cringe.

This story is about a freinds own desires. Feelings that she has when she thinks
about wanting to be in certain situations. She likes public display to some
extent , she loves breast  play too , in very specific ways I wont go into here.
The story covers some of the things she wants tho  it doenst cover everything
that turns her on. If only I knew everything that would light her fire !

Melinda is someone I like giving pleasure to , even if it means saying or
scening things  I dont get direct  pleasure from myself.  I enjoy knowing Ive
acheived an ends with her , usually more than the actual route to get there. I
hope that makes sense to you.

Perhaps I shall write more in the future , perhaps about my dreams and turn-ons
, or maybe of other submissive freinds fetishes and desires.

But for now  , heres an example of ......




Melinda's Humiliation
by
D0m1n8tor@aol.com
For
Melinda

She walked over to my table confidently carrying a pencil and her small notepad.
I was one of a few customers at the cafe that afternoon , and I sat at one of
the tables at the edge of the cafes garden in the warm sun.

She wore a white blouse and smart black jeans and sensible shoes.  Obviously she
did a lot of work on her feet. I smiled knowing all I knew about her , where she
had been , the people she had been with. I had been following her for ages since
I caught site of her one time at a fetish club in the town.

My mind flashed back.

She had been on her own , watching some of the other couples play together. I
raised a smile as I remembered how she touched herself , looking round nervously
to make sure she wasnt being watched , usually enjoying seeing Doms or Dommes
leading their subs on all fours off to play. After a few nights , I had gotten
to know where I would see her. If there was some breast bondage of any kind ,
she would be there , or , if there was some subbie on all fours to be seen , she
was there , watching , secretly playing with herself , or so she thought.

I began to figure out the workings of her mind.

One evening , she had gone into a night club , I should have guessed thats where
she was going , she was in black high heels , and black sheer short dress with
what looked to be black panties and bra underneath. The nightclub proved very
interesting indeed , thats when I learnt she was bisexual , or perhaps just a
pure lesbian. I watched her on the dancefloor , while enjoying my drink ,
leaning on the rail round the edge of the gallery above.

She had slowly moved in on this pretty blond who was in a white skirt halter top
and white choker and began dancing  facing  her. For a while at least , things
looked innocent enough , they could have just been some friends enjoying the
night out without their boyfreinds , but , soon enough ,  "my" girl was starting
to flirt with her new blond companion. The blond began to brush her new admirers
breasts with her hands , tho not too blatantly and after a while , my subject
turned her back on the blond , allowing her to dance close in behind her. The
blond stood close in behind , and  danced with her hands on "my" girls hips ,
occassionally cupping her breasts , sometimes running her hands down to her
playmates abdomen , threatening to go lower.

My girls posture was definitaly submissive and she was enjoying the more
dominating blonds attentions. It was at this point that things had a twist , a
tall brunette had approached unseen and angily seperated the pair. This newcomer
was in knee high heeled lace up boots , and a leather knee length dress. The
blond humbly seemed to fall into line. My girl had angrily delivered the
brunette a slap in the face , before realising , as I had done , that the blond
and brunette must of been "together". Her body language then changed and she
seemed to be apologising , begging almost to the tall brunette who seemed to
dwarf her.  Before the scene could boil over , a club bouncer intervened and had
taken my target by the wrist and dragged her to the exit. As she protested
meekly he ushered her outside , growling about her being a trouble maker. My
attention was left on the brunette now , who seemed to be in temper , having
been struck and not being able to get her revenge.

I made it my business to introduce myself to her that night. I was quite blunt
about her relationship with the blond , were they lovers ,  were they in a kind
of Dom/sub relationship , that kind of thing. I managed to bring up the fight
she had been in and explained that the girl who had hit her was also in the D/s
scene. The brunette , whos name I had learnt was Christine , was very interested
to hear her assailant was submissive, and looked forward to meeting her again.

Over  the next few days , I had continued to see "my" girl in the fetish club.
By now , I  had learnt from other freinds there that she was called Melinda. She
was thought to be working at some cafe near the sea front of the town. By now I
was starting to build up a good picture of who she was and what she liked. I was
helped along when the club was showing some of the Insex videos from the
internet. A submissive called Mila was stood spread legged , leaning forward
insome kind of frame. Her breasts hanging helplessly as the Dom in the scene
used some glass suction cups on her breasts. Melinda appeared very turned on by
this scene , and over the course of the evening when the set was reshown she
went to see it again. As the scenes progressed her interest wained. Her interest
seemed very focused on that one scene , like being .......

My mind snapped back to the present.


As Melinda approached me I lifted the chrome collar from out of site on my lap ,
and let it clunk a little as I placed it on the table.  Melinda eyed the object
suspiciously and , with a hint of nervousness asked me if I was ready to order.
I chuckled and jokingly asked what it was I should order her to do. She seemed
to go red for a moment , her mind seeking out if I should know she was
submissive or not , scanning the chrome collar, knowing what it was.

 As I  toyed with the collar in my hands I  asked for some coffee and sandwiches
and she scribbled the order on her pad and headed back to the cafe buidling. The
minutes must of been a whirl to her , wondering what I knew about her. After a
few  minutes my order was ready and she came back carrying a tray with my food
and drink. As she laid out my food , and the pot of coffee and cups. I couldnt
help joking she would make a good slave. Her silence betrayed her embarrassment
as she hurriedly tried to move away. She asked me if there was anything else I
needed hoping I would say no , but I smiled as I held the chrome collar in my
hands and told her I wanted her to put it on.

"Listen , I dont know who you are but ........." she started. "No , but I know
what you are." I butted in. She seemed momentarily phased and lost for words.

I told her I had something that she would like very much in the carrier bag ,
and perhaps she would want to try it on. She seemed to go red , glancing at the
bag , then back at me.

"Wha ..... what is it ?" she stammered looking down.

I told her perhaps she should go to the rest room and find out. I placed the
chrome collar back in the bag and rolled up the bag at the top to stop her
looking in. The collar excited her , I had seen how much she had liked to see
the collared slaves being led about by their leashes and it would encourage her
to take the bait.

Resigned , she picked up the bag and and carried it off to the ladies room.
Inside Melinda entered a cubicle and closed the door. She had a few minutes
before her boss would begin to wonder how long she would be. Melinda opened up
the carrier bag , placing the collar in her lap. She touched the cold metal
against her cheek , then reached into the bag. There was a white soft shiny
material inside. As she begin to remove the garment , she realised it was white
and black ....... more and more of the material was revealed until she realised
it was a white and black patterened catsuit. She realised the white and black
patterns were like that of a fresian cow , a milking cow. The man outside wanted
to make her into a cow. Her heart pounded. She turned the suit around , and
realised the breast portion had two holes large holes cut into it. Her stomache
seemed to plummet with fear within her.

Melinda heard something slip to the floor. She saw a piece of paper and picked
it up. It was instructions. She was to remove her bra , and panties and put the
catsuit on under her other clothes. The collar could be threaded through hoops
round the neck of the catsuit.

Melinda looked at the suit , and for some reason , began to slip off her
clothes. Before long , she was stood in just her socks looking at the white and
black material in her hands. She hesitated , and with a pounding heart slipped a
foot into the lycra. Soon , she was sat , half in the suit , it was up to her
waist , the rest was loose on her lap. Her breath was ragged as she decided to
carry on ..... and she lifted the suit up and slipped her arms into the cow
outfit pushing her breasts through the holes in the front.

She trembled as she managed to reach behind her and zip up the suit. She was
left with the collar. She nervously threaded the collar in the loops round the
neck piece of the cowsuit and clicked the collar shut.

She felt very nervous and excited , but dirty all at the same time as she looked
down at herself. Melinda cautiously opened the cubicle door and looked  across
at the mirror above the washbasin in front of her.

Across from her , she could see her reflection , the catsuit hugged her curves ,
and the large black and white patches described exactly what she was meant to
be, a cow. Her feeling was one of fear of being caught looking how she did , but
so wanting to be caught. Her breasts seemed to swell poking through the large
holes in the front of the suit and allready , a hint of her excitement could be
seen in the valley formed by the tight catsuit in her crotch. She held her
breasts in her hands ..... she felt so excited , but slutty at the same time.

It was when she tested the collar she realised she needed a key to get the
cowsuit off. A moment of panic set in. She had to see that man again ..........
and quickly in case he left ! Hurriedly , she began to pull her jeans back on ,
and her blouse , rushing to do her buttons up. She dropped her panties and bra
back into the bag and put on her shoes. Her jeans and blouse felt odd on her now
, the cowsuit adding a layer of skin to her body. She quicly looked at herself
in the mirror again making sure she looked okay before stepping back outside.
She adjusted her blouse collar to hide the chrome beneath and blushed when she
saw how her breasts bulged a little against her blouse through the holes in the
suit. Even worse, she could make out the black patches in the cow print showing
through the white blouse. Melinda finished making herself presentable and headed
back out , carrying the bag with her.

Back at my table , Melinda placed the bag by my side looking at me with a little
fear , red faced and flustered.

"You put it on , didnt you !" I glanced up and down her body , knowing what lay
underneath her clothes. I smiled seeing some of the large blach patches just
feintly showing through her blouse.

Melindas face reddened more , a timid "yes" came from her mouth as she looked at
the floor.

"Show me" I demanded. By now she had seen me twisting and turning a key between
the fingers of my left hand. The key to the collar she was guessing.

Melinda glanced around , few customers were in the cafe garden , but even then
she resisted slightly. I closed my grip on the key and went to rise from my
chair and then she caved in " ok ok " she pleaded , and began to undo the
buttons on her blouse, first her top button exposing her neck and the chrome
collar. "See !" she said defiantly.

I looked on unimpressed , and demanded to see more. Melinda went red as she
began to undo more buttons on her blouse exposing more of herself. When she was
down to just above her belly button I told her to stop.

I placed my fingers like hooks  in either side of the now open blouse and pulled
it wider apart so Melindas breasts held the blouse open. Melinda went red with
embarrasment , exposed as she was , in the costume she loved , but hated. She
wondered  how I knew she wanted it or would wear it.

I traced small circles on the smooth shiny black and white patterned surface of
her stomache. Melinda pulled her stomache in and away from me which only served
to make her lovely mammary glands look bigger. Melindas breathing hurried at my
touch as my fingers traced circles higher and higher until I cupped her breasts
in my hands. I bounced her breasts up and down in my hands a little , Melinda
could only close her eyes and hope her ordeal would end soon.

I pinched both her nipples between my thumbs and fingers and pulled gently away
from her body. Her breasts pulled further through the holes in the cowsuit until
they bulged out to my satisfaction. Melinda only could bite her bottom lip and
wince a little.

I casually , and blatantly slid my spoon over the edge of my table onto the
floor and looked down at it. Melinda still biting her lower lip , looking down
at the spoon , not moving. I asked her if she was not going to pick it  up. She
pleaded me not to make her do it  but I insisted and she fell to her knees ,
then onto all fours.

I reached down and held one of her breasts in my right hand. Both her breasts
hung from her body and swayed slightly. I told her to stay still and began to
knead her breast it in my hand squeezing her nipple between my fingers feeling
it grow hard.

I asked her if she was enjoying herself , and she almost said no , then
corrected herself and said yes.  I enjoyed myself playing with my new freind ,
and she begged me quietly to let her go before someone saw her. While her mouth
was saying stop , the rest of her body told me she was enjoying herself. Her
eyes closed and she licked her lips and swayed making her free breast sway about
a little.

Eventually a middle age couple took to their seats at a table nearby and I
glanced down at Melinda and gave her an ultimatum. She could either stay as my
cow for the evening or , get changed back to how she was and never hear from me
again. She pleaded quietly not to make her say , but she knew I had the key to
her collar , how could she get out of it without my help?

"I want to stay as your cow ..... but ..... where do I ........" she whipered.

I told her I couldnt hear her .....

"I want to stay as your cow" she said louder ........ one of the new customers
glanced across the forest of tables  wondering if she heard what she though she
heard eminate from the girl who appeared to be kneeling near me.

Melindas face reddened as she heard her own words.

I whispered back smiling evily "not so loud , you dont want to  making a
scene...... do you?". I glanced around pretending to be looking at several
people.

I smiled down at her and saw  her face was a mixture of emotions ,  embarrasment
, humiliation , fear all in one. I told her to get up and do up her blouse and
as she did , I passed her a second piece of paper which had an address and other
instructions. I told her to come to the address at the end of her shift and I
would let her have  the key to get out of her cowsuit ....... if she wanted.

Melinda listened as I gave her my instructions .... though she seemed more
focused in hiding her shame, buttoning up her blouse. As I put some money on the
table to pay my bill she hurriedly did up the last button on her blouse. I could
only raise a half smile as she walked ahead of me to the next table and I could
see some of the black patches of her cowsuit through the silk of her blouse.

As I walked by Melinda , I just drew a finger round one of the dark patches ,
and said aloud "mmm nice pattern" ....... and headed off. The customers at the
table looked at me in confusion. Melinda I imagine must of just wanted the earth
to swallow her up , knowing people were going to notice something wasnt quite
right under that blouse.

Later that evening melinda found herself sat on her bed , her legs spread ,
facing the fullength mirror on the door of her bedroom. Her excitement and shame
welled up   in side her as she saw the sight in front of her.  She stroked
between her thighs wishing she could touch her flesh , but the catsuit acted as
a barrier. She tested the collar again knowing it would only confirm what she
knew already , it wasnt coming of without the key. The collar fit snuggly into
the hoops round the neckpeice of the cowsuit , until the collar was undone , the
suit stayed on.


Melinda cupped her breasts , they ached a little after being being constricted
through the holes in the cowsuit. She hoped she would be allowed out of it soon
.......... but ...... part of her wanted to keep it. Why did she feel the way
she did ? She was very confused. She glanced at her watch again , it was time to
get going.

Melindas car journey didnt take long , she knew the area in the address she had
been given and soon she found herself stood at the doorway of the house.She was
wearing her suit under her long black leather coat , and white high heels. That
was it , her instructions didnt allow her to wear anything else.  She stood
nervously for a moment , hesitantly holding her finger over the door bell , then
, finally , pressing it. As she heard the bell sound inside her stomache
plummeted within her again.Her breath grew shallow as she pantd with nerves
again , her warm breath forming small clouds in the cold night air.  She knew ,
inside , I would be stirring , heading to the door to greet her. Melinda glanced
around nervously tho the darkened street was absent with people.

The door swung open and I peered through to see Melinda standing in her long
black coat. As she went to move into the house I stopped her , pressing the palm
of my hand against her chest. I told her she wasnt coming in as she was. I told
her to stand , legs slightly spread , her hands laced behind her head. She
closed her eyes , slightly resigned to the idea , moved her feet apart , and
placed her hands as I had told her. I undid the belt that held her coat closed ,
and undid the buttons , letting the long coat fall open. Once again , Melinda
stood exposed to me , a stranger , once again.

The cold air took its toll on Melindas nipples as I ran my hands down her smooth
lycra covered sides. My hands wrapped them selves round Melindas ass gripping
her tightly. I let her go , spanking her gently which made Melinda flinch. I
told her she could lower her hands to her sides. Melinda still motioned toward
the door but I held her back , taking a chain from my pocket , and clipping it
to a small ring in the front of her collar. I let the free end of the chain drop
to the floor , letting it dangle between her breasts. I then pushed my hands
between Melindas shoulders and her coat letting it slide over her arms , and
down over her body. I gathered up her coat and drapped it over my shoulder.
Melinda now stoodwith her black and white suited back to the rest of the
darkened street. No one was about  to see but Melinda wanted to get inside ,
this exposure was unbearable. I told her to get on all fours and she quickly did
so , just so she could get inside. I smiled as she fell to her knees for me and
I led her in by her chain.

Inside it was warm. I had kept the heating turned right up , just so Melinda
would be comfortable for the rest of the evening. I hung Melindas coat up on one
of the hooks then looked down at her. I told her how glad she had turned up and
she just argued she had no choice , she needed the key if she was ever to be
free of this humiliation I was putting her through. I reminded her that I had
given her a choice before I left the cafe and she reddened again when she
remembered how she chose to be my cow instead of being free. It was now she
glanced ahead of herself to see the corridor ahead covered in some rubber
sheeting , two paint pots side by side waiting for her.

I  tugged at Melindas collar , telling her she hadnt far to go to earn her
freedom. Melinda slowly crawled forward to the door at the end of the corridor ,
her free breasts swaying as she moved ,pulled along by the chain I held wrapped
round my fist. The paint pots lay in her path , and soon the palms of her hands
rested on the rubber sheeting in front of them. Melinda looked at me
quizzically. I told her it was baby oil, I wanted her to cover her breasts with
it , one pot of oil for each. I knelt behind the pots smiling at Melinda evily
waiting for her to do as she was told. As she put her hand out to pick the pot
up I slapped her hand away. I asked her what she thought she was doing. She
looked at me confused , she was going to pour the oil on herlself as I had
asked. I shook my head slowly looking wickedly at her , and told her to think
again. Melinda realised she had to stay on all fours to do as I wanted.
Carefully she moved over the pots hovering her breasts above them.

"You want me to lower my breasts into them ?" Melinda seemed excited by the idea
, making her juices flow more than ever between her legs.

"No" I said ......

"....but ?" ......

"They arent breasts anymore , are they !?" I retorted .......... "What are they
Melinda?"

I could see Melinda scan her mind , her face betrayed the conclusion she came
to.

"Udders" she said , as she looked down ashamed.

"Good......... so little cow ..... tell me what it is your going to do." I said
gently.

"Im going to dip my udders into the pots of oil" she said. Melindas voice
trembled with shame and excitement.

"Well ? Im waiting" I said , smiling down at Melinda , she lined her self to
immerse herself in the oil wating below her.

Melinda blushed with embarrasment as she bent her elbows , dropping her breasts
in to the warm oil below. Her breasts forced the oil level up the sides of the
pots , covering her breasts completely. I smiled seeing her embarrased face.
Melinda looked down at herself between her forearms feeling the warm slippery
oil spilling over the top of the pots coating her breasts.

 I placed my hand on her shoulder blades , holding her down. I  made her keep
her position for a few moments then allowed her to lift herself from the oil
pots. Oil oozed off her , dripping from her pointed nipples back into the pots
below.

After most of the excess oil had dripped from her body , I moved the pots to one
side and led her on towards the door. At the base of the door was a cowpatterned
blindfold. I told her to put it on. This led to more anxiety from Melinda , but
after more encouragement , and persuassion , she put the blindfold on. I swung
the door open , seeing what fate lay in store for Melinda. She could only pant
nervously , oblivious to what awaited her.


As I led Melinda in , she could just make out a high pitched whistle , a
mechanical click click , then she could hear the high pitch start again ,
changing note , the Click Click once again. A camera began to document her
arrival for her final humilation.

I told Melinda to rise to her feet. She carefully stood in her high heels her
breasts still dripped with oil from where she had dipped herself. She panted
still , listening for clues in the room , the Camera continued to click away as
she moved her head round trying to learn what she could , her eyes unable to
see.

Then unheard , unseen , someone took one of her wrists firmly , as did I.
Melinda struggled for a moment before realising there was no escape. As she
stopped resisting  her new assailant cupped Melindas  breast with their free
hand , as did I. Melinda squirmed a little as the unseen people bagan to slip
and slide , rubbing her breasts while the camera continued to click away. The
roaming hands began to rub the oil down Melindas stomache and soon she was being
massaged between her thighs. Her wrists were held away from her body by myself
and my assistant. I could feel her trying to resist but she didnt cry out or
panic. She lifted one foot from the floor , trying to bury her thigh into her
crotch , but already my helper had began to masturbate Melinda through her
catsuit and Melinda only helped keep the invasive hand firmly between her legs.
The leg supporting her buckled,  the excitement and humiliation taking its toll
as the camera clicked on.

By now Melinda was a panting wreck. The oil covered white patches of her catsuit
revealed the colour of her flesh beneath , she wondered where all this was going
to end.

Then , as suddenly as it all started her breasts were released , the hand that
had worked her into a frenzy slid free from between her legs. Melinda stood
limply , supported by the arms that held her wrists from her sides. A cruel hand
gripped Melindas cheeks , causing her lips to  pout. Then , a hand pulled the
blindfold over her head. The light in the room momentarily made Melinda blink.

"Remember me ?" Said the woman angrily.

Melindas face was a picture of confusion. The face seemed familiar , but only
vaguely , where had she seen it ?

"Perhaps you remember her ?" The tall woman used her vice like grip on Melindas
cheeks to turn her head to face over her shoulder.

Melinda could see a pretty blond girl ........ the girl .......the girl from the
nightclub. Melinda remembered it all , how she had struck the tall woman , it
was over so fast , she had forgotten all about it.

The tall brunette turned Melindas head back to face her and held up the now
developing polaroid pictures and sneered.

"At least I wont ever forget you , you little cow" she said showing Melinda the
photographs she had taken. The brunette leant forward and kissed Melinda on the
lips then , bit at her bottom lip , then gently pulled away.

"Mmm lets try your milking harness for size little cow."

Melinda began to cum more than ever just hearing the brunettes words.

Behind the brunette was a table and on it was a bundle of leather straps and
tubes and some large glass suction cups. She picked the bundle up and spun round
holding it all up in front of Melinda. She pressed the collection against
Melinda , like someone checking a dress for size.

The glass cups , like big tubes sat against Melindas breasts , the other straps
seemed to line up with her ribs and waist , a length of leather dangled between
her legs.Melindas stomache filled with dread at the assembly of glass cups an
leather were held against her. What were they going to do with her ?


"Right , shes had her fun" said the brunette cruely , looking blatantly at
Melindas wet groin. "Since she looks like a cow" ....... Christine drew a finger
around one of the large black patches on the suit ......... " we may as well
milk her like one" ..............

Melinda tried to pull away from the brunette who smiled at her efforts. The
brunette Christine , began to bluckle the leather harness around Melindas body ,
lining up the glass tube like cups with her breasts. The waist buckles came next
and then Christine pulled the crotch strap in tightly against Melindas hot
flesh.

"Up you come" said Christine , patting the tables black rubbery covered surface.
The table was set on two levels . On the higher level  there was a set of metal
stocks with a head hole , and set into the table were two holes. The lower tier
was lined with leather straps and buckles as was the top.

Still holding Melindas wrists  the blond girl and I dragged Melinda forward onto
the table. Melinda fell onto the table on her stomache and the blond girl and I
helped her up so she was kneeling on the lower tier. I helped move Melinda so
when she leant forward , the two glass cups now covering her breasts slid
smoothly through the holes in the table. Melindas neck lined up with the holes
in the stocks and Christine closed the stocks jaws round Melindas neck , sealing
her in.


Melinda looked forward and saw into a mirror. Her reflection was of peverse
pleasure to her.

She could see her cow patterned ass pointing up into the air behind her , and
beneath her , through the holes in the table , the glass cups , and inside those
, her breasts. Melindas arms were held outstretched to her side and the blond
and I began to buckle them down. After that we began to buckle down her waist ,
her thighs , her lower legs, and finally her ankles to the rest of the table.

Christine laughed as she moved around Melinda , taking more photographs from
every angle. Christine stopped taking pictures when she had enough and put the
camera and the devloping polaroids down to one side.

"Oh im going to enjoy breaking you you little cowslut !" said Christine who ran
her finger down Melindas spine , bringing her palm to rest on Melindas curvy
ass. Christine spanked Melinda hard , the noise was so loud it made even me
flinch in surprise. Melinda tensed up but the bonds held her down.

"Ok , lets start hooking her up to the pump." The blond began to attach rubber
tubes to the ends of the glass cups holding Melindas breasts prisoner and then
it started. Slowly , Melinda felt her breasts drawn into the suction cups ,
swelling , expanding. Then just as she thought she couldnt swell any more , the
vacuum seemed to collapse , the cup going slack again. Then again , the tension
built up , her tender breasts being drawn further in to the glass cups.

Christine drew up a high stool and sat down by the side of  Melinda , watching
her being abused by the machine. Christine gathered up her camera , taking more
photographs , sometimes aiming the camera at the reflection in mirror and the
view of Melindas  face , breasts and ass.

"Mmm , I like this suit Dom , you were right , she did wear it , I didnt think
she would have the guts".

Christine stood up again and picked up a leather cat-o-nine tails.

"Now then , its time I paid you back for slapping me"

Christine moved behind Melinda and began to  swat her ass with the long leathery
tails.Melinda could only moan in pleasure as the woman began to take her
revenge. Oh how she loved the idea of being dominated by this beautiful woman.
Now it was happening , her enemy , Christine had her , in this humiliating
outfit , with the photos , and she was milking her like the cow she wanted to
be. How could something so terrible feel so good?

The torment continued .........

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paul


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





