BDSM Library - Matties Rag




Matties Rag
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mattie vs the Alien. Another fun tale - the misspellings are intentional.
Matties Rag


	LeRoy and Mattie were sitting on the back porch, watching the fireflies and
swatting at the mosquitos when junior staggered out onto the creaking boards of
the porch and dropped his head on his mommas lap.  Life was slow here, and there
was always just enough to eat and do around the farm that had been in Leroys
family for years.  The hogs out back were always making young ones and the two
milkers in the lower forty always seemed ripe for plucking so there was always
food around in case LeRoy didn't feel like working at the gas station down the
road a ways.  Mattie never seemed to mind much of anything as her Pa always saw
that she had the pills she needed from the pharmacy he owned.  LeRoy belched
loudly as the beans they had for dinner came back up for another round, and
sighed as the seasonings tickled his throat on their way back down to his uneasy
stomach.

	It was about then when LeRoy noticed the small twinkling green light nestled
among the stars.  Strange, he thought to himself briefly, but then turned his
attention back to porking his wife who always seemed to desire his long, lanky
dick.  She knew just how to coax the cum from him and always seemed to hunger
for her creamy reward.  Mattie had lost her two front teeth one night right
after they were hitched when she tripped and fell face first into the old rusty
plow.  Although it did little to help her appearance, the unintentional dental
modification instantly converted her into the best cock sucker in the county.  
Every time her Pa opted to pay for restorative dental work, LeRoy would put up
such a fuss that her Pa would quickly abandon the attempt.

	LeRoy had just buried his face into Matties ample breasts when a loud
explosion rolled through the countryside and everything was instantly bathed in
an eerie green glow.  With a start LeRoy turned just in time to see the green
glowing object disappear behind the barn and impact with a second and much
louder explosion.  The ground trembled violently for an instant collapsing the
far end of the porch in a frightening display of splintered oak and rusted
nails.  Mattie screamed and pushed LeRoy away from her chest with such force
that he tumbled from the deck onto the weed covered ground.  She disappeared
into the house to look after junior, and LeRoy quickly stood up and tucked his
dick back into his coveralls as he began trotting towards the barn with his
trusty bloodhound Red trembling by his side.  As he rounded the corner, LeRoy
swore loudly upon seeing the carcass of his beloved Bessie as she lay in a
grotesque position on a mound of dirt the fully encircled the still glowing
rock.

	Mattie started yelling at LeRoy from the second story window as he slowly
climbed into the crater and broke wind with a grimace and a groan.  The rock was
glowing and throbbing, making a multitude of clicking noises that could barely
be discerned over the hissing sounds as a geyser of water rose from the ruptured
water main nearby.  Columns of steam rose from the evaporating water making the
air so thick that it was almost unbearable.   The rocks glow had an almost
hypnotic effect, and he climbed down to watch it more closely as Red whined from
atop the embankment.  After several minutes, he figured there was nothing worth
frettin about so he staggered back out of the culvert and into the barn where he
grabbed an old leaky wash basin to cover up the the unwelcome visitor.  He'd
figure out what he was going to do with it tomorrow when his head was clear; but
for now, he wanted to get back to his unfinished business  with Mattie.

	As Matties shrill squeal of fulfillment drifted through the still night air,
the crickets chirped and Junior buried his head in his pillow.  Red stirred and
whimpered softly from his burlap bed on the back porch, molested by the strange
odor that tainted the humid night air.  Back behind the barn, several delicate
plumes of powder green mist drifted through the  holes in the bottom of the old
tub and began to congeal several feet above their origins.  One stray plume
drifted towards the battered carcass of the cow and drifted into her flared
nostrils.  Within a few brief moments, Bessies eyelids fluttered and focused on
the indistinct cloud that was forming a few feet from where she lay.  It was
enough to startle the poor milker to her senses and within moments she  was
making a hasty retreat for the dew laden pasture.

	LeRoy staggered to his feet as the morning sun stabbed at his face.  He
swore softly to himself knowing Mattie had arranged the down stuffed mattress
just so the morning light would strike him in the face and get him outa bed
before he tried to jump her bones.  He glanced over at her face that was half
obscured by the motheaten comforter that had been a gift at their wedding not
all that long ago.  Somehow she always found a way to fulfill him and leave him
wanting more at the same time.  She was a rare wench, he mused as he
straightened out his overalls, and chuckled at to himself.  Silently he tip-toed
for the stairs to feed the animals and Mattie smiled softly to herself as the
remnants of his seed dribbled onto the sheet from between her thighs. 

	Red hobbled to his feet and dutifully followed LeRoy down the stairs towards
the barn.  Sometime during the night the water had been turned off although a
large pool of water remained where the green visitor had first arrived.  Sitting
next to the tranquil pool, he first saw her naked and radiant.  Man and dog
froze.  She slowly turned to face the awestruck pair with an enchanting smile
and a pair of blue eyes that charmed the fleas right off of Reds back.  The dog
split for the house with his tail tucked without a backward glance.  LeRoy sank
to his knees at the feet of the enchanting goddess and drooled.  With a
perfectly manicured finger, she slowly reached over and touched a lock of his
hair on his bowed head.

	His eyes rose to meet hers and he could see an entire galaxy slowly moving
within the depths of her gaze.  She rose from the side of the pool and stretched
deliciously, savoring the sensations the washed over her.  Her new body was
craving nourishment, protective attire, and most fervently, the warm creamy
substance that could only be found springing from the loins of the males of this
fragile species.

	Enraptured, LeRoy absently unfastened his coveralls and they slid to his
ankles.  She grasped the thick knarled pole of his masculinity and filled her
mouth with it. The sensations were beyond their wildest imaginings, instantly
launching his seed on its long journey from his dangling balls to his pee hole
with such velocity, that if accurately measured, would have set a new land speed
record.  She sucked the life giving liquid greedily from him, draining his cream
as quickly as his body could generate it.   LeRoy was bucking his hips
frantically, with his head turned towards the heavens in an orgasmic trance.  It
was, and would be the longest orgasm he would ever experience as an unbroken
stream of his seed boiled from his gonads and surged into his madly pulsing
prostrate.  Spurt after spurt churned through his cock and into her warm and
willing mouth only to cascade down her throat as she hungrily gulped down his
precious life giving fluid. 

	Suddenly, she too joined him in an erotic haven, as her torso contracted
violently from the initial spasm of her own orgasm.  She began to see stars as
her body convulsed with ever increasing intensity and a fountain of pee erupted
from between her legs as she lost control of her bladder muscles.  She couldn't
get enough of LeRoy and took his cock into her throat so that she could take his
drained balls into her mouth.  He yelped from the over stimulation, and grabbed
her hair as he desperately thrust his hips into her face.  Her hands dropped to
her pussy, and she rubbed the sensitive saturated flesh wildly, bathing her
hands with copious amounts of cum.  Wave after wave of passion encompassed them
until they were rolling in the mud in total abandon. 

	That was when Mattie happened to peer out the window, and all hell broke
loose.  With grim determination, she thundered down the stairs, grabbed the
shooting iron, and bounded off the porch towards the passionate couple in one
fluid stride.  She was on them in an instant, and before they could react, the
first round blew the aliens head clean off.  As LeRoy rolled off of the
disfigured creature, Mattie took careful aim and squeezed the trigger once more. 
Like a slow motion scence from a B rated horror movie, LeRoy watched his once
magnificent cock disappear in a spray of gore.  Mattie turned on her heel and
stormed back to the house, almost tripping over her dress hem several times as
she continually shook her head in disgust. 

	Mattie has the run of things now, and LeRoy is up early every morning,
plantin' and feedin' and doing all the things Mattie asks him to.  If he's good,
she sometimes fingers his grotesque little stub of masculinity; but if he's bad,
she grabs him by the over ripe balls.  She never tells him how much she truly
misses the cock she once called her own - she wouldn't give him the
satisfaction; but ever now and again you can hear her out back in the fruit
cellar gruntin' and groanin'.  The impact crater has long since been covered
over and Bessie seems none the worse over the entire incident. 

     Ever once in awhile, during the dead of night when no one is around, a
small green flicker can be seen coming from a pile of old rusty debris behind
the barn, and if one listens very carefully, they can hear a fulfilling feminine
sigh followed by a burp. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





