BDSM Library - The Enemy's Daughter




The Enemy's Daughter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story of the punishment of a female by the authorities to get back at what her Father had done to the people in power.  The Enemy's Daughter is a collaboration of Katie Lynch and myself, Powerone.  We hope that by partnering a male and female writer, a better story will appear.  If you liked this story, please e-mail either one of us.
{ASSM} THE ENEMY'S DAUGHTER {Powerone and Katie Lynch}
MF, nc, rape, bd, torture, reluc, humiliation, incest.

----------------------------------
The Enemy's Daughter is a collaboration of Katie Lynch and myself, Powerone.
We hope that by partnering a male and female writer, a better story will appear. 
This is a story of the punishment of a female by the authorities to get back at
what her Father had done to the people in power.  If you liked this story,
please e-mail either one of us.
-----------------------------------



THE ENEMY'S DAUGHTER

Chapter 1-Caught

	Courtney saw the look on her father's face when he returned home. His eyes
were wide in fear and anger.

	"Daddy, please, what is it?"

	"Courtney, get your things. You must leave here tonight!"

	The girl gasped...what could be the problem. She knew that her father was
the leader of the resistance movement against the government but why did she
have to flee.

	"Please no Daddy, I won't leave you alone."

	"Courtney, sweetie, if you do not leave now, you will certainly be leaving
soon for the worse. Trust me, you do not want to become a prisoner of those
animals. Pack one small bag and then I will lead you to where you will begin
your journey."

	Courtney started sobbing but her father took her by the hand and led her up
the steps into her small bedroom. She had lived alone with her father for 11
years, from when she was 5. Her mother had been killed while walking home from
work late one night. She had been brutally raped and murdered, her body left on
their front porch where her father found her. He was active in the rebellion
then but had become one of the leaders since then.

	Courtney had pretty much been kept in the house since then, let out only for
school and church. She had few friends and trusted no one but her father. Now,
the only person she loved was telling her to leave immediately without much of a
discussion.

	"Please Daddy, tell me what's going on," she sobbed as her father stuffed
some clothes into a small bag.

	Her father stopped, his eyes red from the stress and emotion.

	"Courtney, sweetheart, I am going to be killed very soon, there's nothing
left to stop that. I have been an enemy of this state for too long and now some
extremists are taking over the government and word is they are going to kill all
enemies. If I were to run with you, they would hunt us down and kill us both.
You alone might have a chance to survive."

	Her father's words cut through the young girl. He was all she had, this
couldn't happen twice in one short life.

	"Please Daddy, don't say that. We can make it. Run away with me...I'll help
you."

	Her father looked at her with sad eyes. "My dear, I wish there was a way.
But you have to survive...for me."

	The girl completely broke down, her body shaking with sobs. The man walked
to her and wrapped his arms around his beautiful daughter. "Shh, it's alright,
it's alright. I will always be inside of you. You are strong...you can make it.
But there's no time. We have to hurry."

	He closed the bag, grabbed a coat and took his daughter's hand leading out
of their small house in a secluded development, far from the eyes of the
military police. All of this was happening so fast for the young girl but soon
they were in the middle of heavy woods right near a path.

	"Courtney, follow this path until it stops. There will be a house. Knock on
it and you will find a woman named Emma. Tell her who you are and she will help
you escape. I love you so much sweetheart!"

	With that, he hugged her and turned and left. "Daddy, please no, I love you
too. Daddy, don't leave me." But the man was gone through the woods, gone from
his daughter's life forever.

	Courtney fell to her knees sobbing, curled up in a ball, her face buried in
her hands.

	"Daddy, I love you." Somehow, she fell asleep in that place, the emotional
night had taken its toll on her.

	She awoke as the sun appeared in the sky, brightening her path. She looked
around and saw nothing but trees all round, except for this patch of dirt
leading to her intended location. She stood, up, wiped the dirt off of her long,
bare legs and began walking in the direction her father had pointed.

	After more than an hour of walking, she came upon a small cottage. She went
up the steps and rapped on the door, which opened just slightly, a chain still
connected.

	"Yes," asked an older woman.

	"Emma?"

	"Yes?"

	"I am Courtney Smith, Bill's daughter. He sent me to you."

	As soon as she said that, the door burst open and she saw five men in the
kitchen of this house, their guns pointed at her.

	"Well, well, Bill Smith's daughter. This should be helpful. Guards, seize
her. Thanks Emma, this is going to work very well. Here's your reward." With
that, the guard, a huge white man threw a $100 bill on the table. Emma hung her
head in shame.

	"No, please let go of me. Emma, my father said you would help me."

	"Your father misjudged slutty little Emma here. He thinks she is a noble
revolutionary...turns out she's just a whore looking for the best fuck. We were
here fucking her brains out when he called...we expected you hours ago. It was
worth the wait."

	Courtney saw the men's eyes devouring her and tried to break away, but she
was too weak for their grip.

	"Boys, let's take her to headquarters and have some fun."

	They roughly pulled her out of Emma's house. She struggled, grabbing at the
doorframe, but the man kicked her fingers and she lost her grip. She heard the
sounds of Emma being fucked as she was led away to the sinister looking van.




Chapter 2-The Ride to Prison

	Courtney gasped as they opened up the door of the van.   All along the walls
of the van were straps hanging down from the ceiling.  In the center was a table
about 3 feet high attached to the floor.  Straps were placed on all
four-corners.  She could see whips tossed in the corner.

	"Please, don't hurt me," she sobbed as the guards pushed her inside.

	"This is going to be a long ride, so I think we should get acquainted with
you," his eyes lusting at this young beauty.  "If you want to survive, you
better cooperate, many people have got into this van alive, but arrived dead at
headquarters."

	"Strap her up high, so we can see what we have here.  Her clothes cover too
much of her body, I think underneath all of that is a great body."

	Courtney was pushed against the wall.  She felt her arms pulled toward the
ceiling and straps placed tightly around her wrists.  "AAAAHHHH," she groaned as
she was forced on her toes.

	"Spread her legs wide, I don't want her kicking anyone."

	Two guards each grabbed a leg and forced them out to the side.  Her wrists
now supported her weight, with the straps cutting into them.  "OOOOWWW,"
Courtney groaned as her legs were pulled unnaturally apart.  They were now
spread over 4 feet wide and the guards began to attach straps to her ankles and
tie them to a clamp on the wall.  They were raised at least a foot off the floor
of the van.

	Courtney feared what the guards intended to do to her.  She was helpless and
spread and no one knew where she was.  Her Father had tried to save her, and
instead doomed her to be abused by these five cruel guards.

	Michael, the leader approached Courtney and stood in front of her staring at
her pained expression.  Courtney's eyes widen in fear as he took a rope and tied
it around her neck and knotted it.  Courtney could feel it tighten.
	
	"This is what will happen if you do not cooperate," and he pulled the rope
tighter, cutting off Courtney's air supply.

	"GGGGASSSSPPP, AAAAHHHH," Courtney's body began to jerk, attempting to
escape the asphyxiation.  She shuddered as she began to lose consciousness.

	Courtney sucked in a large breath of air, as the noose was loosened.  "No,
more," she cried in pain, her lungs sucking in air.

	"Just to make sure you remember this lesson," and the rope was again
tightened, cutting off the air supply to Courtney.  She could feel his hand move
over her breast as he tightened the rope, but the most important thing for
Courtney was a breath of air.  Her body began to spasm from lack of air. 
Courtney could feel the van begin to darken.

	Again, the noose was loosened and Courtney gasped as her lungs tried to fill
with air. Michael kept the noose around her neck and tied it to one of the
clamps on the wall.  This forced Courtney to keep her head up high, stretching
toward the ceiling.  She again realized that his hand was on her breast and
becoming more insistent.

	"You have a great set of tits, you don't mind if I have a feel, do you?" 
His hand continued to fondle her breast.  Even though she was only sixteen, she
had large breasts.  Her Father had told her that she resembled her Mother.

	"I asked you a question, Bitch" and he tightened the rope again.

	Courtney managed to get out "No" before her air was caught off again.   She
gasped as he continued to block her air supply.

	Courtney was again allowed to breathe.  "You better get good at cooperating
or else I am not going to release the rope again.  We will fuck you dead or
alive, it doesn't make much difference to us."

	Both of Michael's hands returned to her breasts, grasping them in his large
hands.  He was able to completely encircle them in his grip.  He tightened his
grip, forcing her to moan as her breasts were cruelly groped.  Courtney turned
red in humiliation as he began to jiggle her breasts up and down, the other
guards laughing.

	"Ask me to take off your blouse?"

	"Please, don't hurt me, take off my blouse, but don't choke me again," tears
forming in her eyes at the pain and humiliation they were subjecting her to.

	"That's a good cunt," his fingers starting at the top bottom and moving
slowly, watching the humiliation on Courtney's face as she was stripped in front
of the five guards.  He reached the bottom button and pulled it out of her
skirt.  Her lacy bra was now revealed to all of the guards.  She could feel her
blouse torn from her body as the guard became impatient.  His hands returned to
her bra-encased breasts, again squeezing tightly.  He could feel her nipples
become hard from the rough treatment of her breasts.

	"It looks like your nipples like the abuse," and he grasped her nipples
through her bra, forcing a groan from Courtney as he pinched them cruelly.

	"Take off her bra, I want to see them tits," one of the guards yelled.

	"Beg me, Courtney" as Michael touched the rope.

	"Please, show him my breasts, just don't tighten the rope again."

	He pulled her bra from the center, pulling it from her body.  Courtney could
feel it begin to tear as it was cruelly pulled from her breasts.  Snap, the band
broke and her bra was pulled from her body, her breasts naked for all of the
guards to see.

	Courtney's nipples were large, and the aureole was a dark brown, capping her
firm breasts. Hands reached out and again, her nipples, this time naked, were
grasped firmly.

	"OOOOWWW, that's too hard," pleaded Courtney, but she knew that they would
continue.  Her nipples were pulled from her body, twisted and pinched as
Courtney was forced to accept the punishment.  Another guard came over to her
other side and began to abuse her other breast. "SSLLLLAAAAPPP', he had suddenly
slapped her naked breasts, forcing it to bounce on her chest.

	"Ask me to spank your tits, Cunt."

	"Spank my breast please," begged Courtney.

	Michael and the other guard began to forcefully slap her breasts,
alternating so that first one breast would bounce up, than the other.  Her
breasts began to turn red from the force of the blows and her nipples began to
ache from the pain.  Their hands covered every inch of her breasts, forcing
Courtney to moan in pain.  Her breasts were pulled up by her nipples so that
they could slap under them.  Fingers began to flick out at her erect nipples,
abusing the tender buds.

	"OOOOWWW," yelled Courtney as Michael dug his fingernails deep into her
nipple, blood running from the wound.  Seeing Courtney's reaction, the other
guard did the same.  Soon, her nipples were red with blood from the cruel
tearing of her flesh.

	Michael's hand began to run up Courtney's legs, sliding higher under her
skirt.  Her spread legs allowed him access to her unprotected cunt.  "You have
very beautiful legs, Courtney" as his hand pushed higher, raising her skirt. 
The other guard began to run his hand up her other leg.  Courtney turned red in
humiliation as she was being gradually stripped naked in front of five strange
men, while bound spread to the wall of the van.  Michael reached the bottom of
her panty-covered pussy and began to tease his fingers into the edge of her
panties.

	"Strip off her skirt and don't worry about ripping it...this girl will never
need clothes again," Michael ordered the other guard and with a tear, Courtney's
skirt lay in shreds at her feet.  Her panties were the only clothing she had
left, and Michael placed his hands at the waist of them and began to pull them
down her spread legs until they would slide no further.  Michael yanked hard on
the panties and they tore and crumpled to the floor.

	"Please, don't hurt me," begged Courtney, but she knew that they would
continue to do what they wanted with her.  She could feel Michael and the other
guards staring at her naked, bound body.  It seemed so long ago that she was
home safe in her home with her Father.  Now she was about to be sexually and
physically abused.

	Michael's large hands moved toward her open pussy and Courtney cringed in
fear as he touched her naked pussy.  Courtney's pussy was barely covered with a
faint trace of very fine hair. It almost looked bald, displaying her pussy lips
to the utmost.  Michael grabbed her pussy lips with two fingers of each hand and
began to spread her open.

	"What a great cunt she has" one of the guards remarked, Courtney ashamed at
the way they have stripped her naked started praying to herself.  Courtney
groaned in pain as Michael forced them wider and wider, opening her pink pussy
for all to see.

	"Come over here and hold her open," Michael ordered two of the guards. "OUR
FATHER WHO ART IN...AHHHHH!!!!!" Michael released her pussy lips but they were
instantly grabbed brutally by the two guards, each spreading her the opposite
direction.
	
	"OOOOWWW" yelled Courtney, her virgin pussy suffering under the abuse of the
guards. Courtney led a very sheltered life since her Mothers death and was
untouched until now.

	"Wider, make her open wider," Michael ordered as Courtney watched as Michael
moved toward the corner of the room.  Courtney's eyes widened in fear as Michael
picked up a short, braided whip.   The whip had four separate leather strands,
each ending in a tight knot.  "Stick a finger up her ass, I want her pussy
pushed out, begging me to whip it."

	Courtney felt a hand slide behind her.  She tried to push back against the
wall but she was not quick enough, the hand ran over her naked ass cheeks before
pushing into the crack in her ass.  Courtney clenched her cheeks, trying to
prevent them access to her tiny anus.

	"SSSLLLAAAPPP", the whip went, striking her unprotected breast, the knots
tearing at her erect nipple.   "OOOOWWW, that hurts so bad, don't," screamed
Courtney, the pain knocking the breath from her lungs.

	"Relax your ass, and let him have his way, or it will be the whip again." 
Courtney relented, and the fingers began to search for her unprotected anus. 
Courtney shivered in fear as the large finger began to circle her anus.  He
began to put pressure on her anus, pushing it into her body.  Courtney
instinctively pushed her body out to escape the rape of her ass by the finger,
but the bondage she was in only allowed limited movement.  Soon, she was
stretched as far as she could go and the fat finger began to enter her anus,
stretching the tiny, virgin anus to open wide.

	"AAAAHHHHH, its too big, take it out, OOOOWWWW," tears forming in Courtney's
eyes the fat finger popped into her anus.  Courtney bucked from the cruel
ravishment of her virgin anus, but the finger continued to push relentlessly
further into her anus, pushing deeper into her rectum.  Courtney's asshole and
the finger were dry, rasping her anal tract as it continued to burrow deep into
her body.  She felt the knuckles of the guard on her cheeks and she knew that he
had his finger as deep as he could go into her ass.

	"How does it feel to have a finger up your ass, Courtney?  "Move your finger
around in her ass," Michael told the guard.  "OOOOWWW, AAAAHHH," cried Courtney
as the guard brutally twisted his finger, scratching her anal walls, eliciting
groans of pain from Courtney.  "Keep doing that, I want her to feel it in her
ass as I begin to whip her."

	"Don't whip me, I will do anything you want, that whip hurts so much" begged
Courtney.

	"Keep her pussy spread open, I will be careful I don't hit your hands, but I
am going to whip that pink pussy.  By time I am finished, her pussy will be
blood red.   When we begin to rape her, she will fuck like a whore, trying to
get away from our punishing cocks."

	Courtney closed her eyes, attempting to shut out the anguish she felt as she
could almost feel the pain of the whip.  The finger in her ass, cruelly pushed
and scratched her ass, forcing her to push her pussy out and at that second,
Michael pushed the whip between Courtney's spread legs and raised it suddenly
up, forcing the knotted strands to beat into her spread pussy.

	"OOOOOOWWWWWWWW, AAAAAHHHHH" the pain was incredible as Courtney screamed. 
Her pussy felt like it was on fire. "Please nooooo!!! OH GODDD!!! I can't stand
it."

	"Again in her ass" and the finger pushed ruthlessly up her unprotected anal
track, forcing her out again, the whip again finding her spread pussy. 
"OOWWWW," the blood beginning to run from the small cuts the knots beat into her
tender pussy.  "Again" the whip finding her pussy as Courtney pussy was pushed
out again to greet her punishment.

	Courtney head was swimming in pain as she was continually forced to push her
virgin pussy to meet the whip, tearing at her tender tissue, blood running down
her leg as her pink pussy began to turn bright red from the abuse of the knots
of the whip.  The guard's cocks hardened from hearing Courtney's cries of pain. 
Finally, Courtney fainted from the extreme pain she was being subjected to, her
body slumping in her bondage as Michael drew the whip up between her legs one
last time, striking her spread pussy, hitting her unprotected clitoris.  Luckily
for Courtney, she was not conscious as one of the knots tore at her clitoris,
drawing blood.

	"Cut her down, we are almost to Headquarters, we will have a lot of time to
abuse this cunt," said Michael, the guard unstrapping Courtney from the wall and
lowering her to the floor. She was rolled over onto her stomach, her arms pulled
behind her.  Straps were tied around her elbows, forcing her arms back. 
Handcuffs were placed on her wrists.   Courtney began to regain consciousness
and at that moment they turned her over, pushing her down on her bound arms,
forcing a groan of pain from Courtney.  Her body was a sea of pain, between her
legs felt like it was ripped up.  She felt the truck stop and they pushed her to
her feet.

	"Welcome to your new home, Courtney, I am going to make life very painful
for you.  Your Father was a nuisance to our government and you will be forced to
pay for his mistakes.  I am going to take great pleasure in torturing your body,
especially your very sensitive parts. Bring her along, my cock is straining to
fuck into her virgin holes, but first I am going to beat them tender."




Chapter 3-Raped By Her Father

	As they entered the building, Courtney got her last view of the outside
world.  She knew that she was not going to be released.  They would humiliate,
abuse and rape her and when they got tired of her, they will kill her.  Just
like her Father had said.  Her Father, her mind went back to when she left him
only a short while ago.  It seemed like years, so much had already happened to
her.

	As she was led down a long hallway, she could see Michael talking to someone
on his cell phone.  He was nodding his head and looking at her, an evil grin on
his face.  She knew that whatever he was talking to, they were discussing her
fate.

	"Bring her in here, we have a change in plans" and the guards pushed
Courtney in a small room.  Courtney gasped in fear, the room seemed to be a
supply room.  But what it held was chains, handcuffs, whips, clothes and other
instruments of bondage.

	"Well, Courtney, you are going to a special party that has been hastily
arranged for you. You are to be the co-host.  Your Father has been captured and
he is also going to attend as your co-host."

	Courtney's eyes brightened when she heard her Fathers name.  "Is he
alright?"

	"He is for now, but his fate is in your hands.  I will personally kill him
if you hesitate in any manner for what we order you to do. Do you understand?"
the evil smirk again appearing on Michael's face.

	"Yes, Yes, just do not kill him, I will do anything you want," a hint of
hope in her voice. As long as her Father was still alive, there was a chance she
would get out of here and they could be together again.

	The guard removed the straps and handcuffs holding Courtney's arms.  While
she was bound, she could not cover herself, but now that her hands were free,
her nakedness further embarrassed her.

	"There will be a lot of people to see your Father and you perform for them. 
Over sixty people showed up including the President, Governor and most of the
top politicians.  Your Father pissed off a lot of people and they are going to
enjoy your performance.  First, we must find you some suitable clothing."

	Courtney knew she was not going to like whatever they had planned for her
and her father. She could see Michael pull out a silk, button down blouse and
also a very short silk skirt. A pair of very high, 4-inch heels were next, along
with a garter belt and black stockings.

	"Put these on while I explain to you what is going to happen," as he handed
Courtney the clothes.  Even when she was fully dressed, she realized that she
would still be half- naked. Michael did not even give her any panties or bra to
wear.  "Remember the consequences if you do not fully cooperate."

	Courtney quickly grabbed the clothes and began to put them on.  Even some
scrimpy outfit was better than naked, she thought, little realizing that it is
much more humiliating to be partially naked, and than forced to strip naked in
front of a group.

	"I know you are a virgin, Courtney, so we have arranged this party so that
everyone can see you get fucked for the first time.

	Courtney's heart sunk when she heard those words.  She would have to let
someone fuck her, in front of sixty people.  At least her Father would survive.

	"We have a special stage arranged.  When we enter, you will be brought up on
the stage.  You will than strip your clothes off, keeping your eyes open and
starting at the audience at all times.  You are to do it slowly and sensuously
or your Father will suffer.  Do you understand so far?"

	Tears of shame formed in Courtney's eyes as she realized the humiliation she
would be forced to endure.  "Yes', she sobbed.

	"Very good.  Once you are stripped, we have a very special swing set-up that
we will place your body in.  It is basically a set of straps that will support
your body, but will allow us access to all portions of your body.  You will be
bound in, but it will allow limited movement on your part.  We want to give you
the ability to fuck back."

	Courtney's mind began to think of what this would look like and her body
began to flush in shame at the obscene position they would be placing her in.

	"Now for the person fucking you.  Since you are a virgin, we thought it
should be special. I'm sure that you planned it to be a loving, special moment
when you gave your virginity to your lover.  We felt that it should also be a
special person, someone that you love and respect.  With that in mind, we are
going to have your Father fuck you."

	Courtney's head shot over to look at Michael, the evil grin on his face
again.  She shook her head wildly back and forth. "No, please no. I can't do
that, its wrong. Please anything but that...anything, please not Daddy!!!!."

	"We can get someone else to do it, I would love to be your first. Than I
would not need your Father, so I would have to kill him, and you would still get
fucked.  Is that what you want?"

	Her head hanging in shame and her body racked with sobs, "No, please don't
kill him. I will do anything to save my father," she said between sobs. "Let him
fuck me, you animal, at least he will be gentle and you won't be my first."

	The evil smirk appeared on Michael's face again. He ignored the rude
comments knowing that he had already made arrangements so that when Courtney was
raped by her father, it would be as painful as possible and they would be forced
to brutally fuck each other.

	As she finished dressing sixteen-year old Courtney looked extremely sexy and
mature.  The silk blouse clung to her naked breasts underneath.  Her large
nipples were stimulated by the movement of the silk and were erect.  Michael had
unbuttoned the top three buttons and slipped the blouse lower on her shoulders. 
This opened up the front for anyone to see her naked breasts.  Her breasts stood
up pert and proud, never needing a bra to hold them up.

	The four-inch heels accented her legs, which because of the short skirt,
seem to go on forever. The black stocking clung to her legs until they reached
the garter belt, just barely covered by the skirt.   The short skirt clung to
her ass and would sensuously slide as she walked.  She was a gorgeous creature,
sexy with a whore look to her.

	Michael put a strap around her neck and wrists.  With the clips on the
wrists, he attached them to the neck strap, binding her hands to her neck,
allowing them unlimited access to her body.  Not only sexy, but now helpless.

	"Do a good job, your Fathers life depends on it."

	Courtney was pushed out into the hallway again and they moved down toward a
large room at the end.  Courtney's breathing became shallow, fear and
humiliation growing as they approached the door.

	Courtney gasped in horror as the door was opened.  They had entered what was
a huge room right near the stage.  Not a sound could be heard and all eyes were
on her. Her embarrassment increased when she realized that half of the audience
was women.  There were over 100 people there.  All eyes were fixed on her half
naked body, her nipples erect, pushing out the silk blouse.

	"Move forward, up on the stage."

	As Courtney approached the stage she saw her father.  He was tied standing
up, and he was naked.   She quickly averted her eyes from his cock, but could
not lose the image of what she saw.  She had never seen her father naked, in
fact she had never seen any man naked before. While his cock was not even hard,
it was big.
	
	The next image was in terror.  The strange swing was truly terrifying.  It
contained many layers of straps and buckles and she could see many other strange
and unknown objects around and under it.  She feared what she did not
understand.

	"Ladies and Gentlemen, You all know and hate our guests, Bill Smith and his
lovely daughter, Courtney.  They have consented to provide us with a unique
entertainment experience today. Courtney is sixteen and is a virgin.  Bill has
consented to take her virginity tonight and Courtney has consented to allow him
to in front of us.  It took a little persuasion on our part, you see if either
one does not cooperate, Michael here will kill the other.  That will be just as
entertaining, so we will win either way."

	"Courtney, come on over here."  Courtney was pushed toward the center of the
stage, with her father tied next to her, giving him a complete view of her body. 
"Courtney is going to get the show going by first stripping for our viewing.  As
you can see, she has a beautiful body," his hand reaching inside her blouse and
grasping one of her naked breasts.   "She has very large nipples, and they seem
to be excited."

	"OOOWWWW', Courtney cried as her nipple was squeezed.

	"And look at these legs, aren't they beautiful, and you should feel this
cunt," his hand sliding along her leg, raising her skirt up until he could reach
her naked pussy.  "But I will let Courtney show you her body, why don't you
start stripping for us now, and don't forget what happens if you don't
cooperate, so some slow music now."

	The music started and Courtney began to slowly unbutton her blouse.  Only
two buttons were left, so it was very quick.  She pulled it out of the skirt and
pushed it off her shoulders, falling to the floor behind her.  Her breasts stood
tall, jutting out with no sag.  Her nipples were large and erect.  The movement
of the silk blouse on her breasts had caused them to harden.  She could see all
eyes on her and her body turned red in shame at having to strip naked before
them.  Her hands, trembling, moved toward her waist, unbuttoning the skirt, it
falling to the floor at her feet.  She wore only the garter belt and stocking,
accenting her legs, in contrast to her naked pussy.  The high heels kept her
legs stretched taunt.

	"Very good, doesn't Courtney have a beautiful body.  Courtney, I would like
you to show our audience a more intimate look at your body.  Turn around, spread
your legs and bend over and remove your heels and stockings.  Do not bend your
knees as you do this."

	Courtney groaned in shame.  The position he wanted her to be in would show
everyone her spread pussy and also her anus.  She knew she had to obey and
turned her back to the audience.  She spread her legs and began to bend over.

	"Spread your legs more, Courtney, everyone wants to see your virgin pussy
before your father rapes it with his cock.  Soon it will be covered with your
blood and his cum.  Further, that's good, your pussy is spreading out now."

	Her legs were now spread over four feet wide, her thighs aching from the
spread.  It was hard to pull her stockings down in this position.  She could
imagine how it looked from the other side, as her ass moved slowly from side to
side as her stockings were pulled down.

	"I can't push them down any further, my legs are spread too far."

	Someone moved toward her and she could feel the stockings tearing and they
fell lifeless to the floor.

	"Stay in that position," she was ordered.  "Grab your ankles."

	Courtney could feel the blood rushing to her head.  In was difficult to
retain the position and painful.  It was also very humiliating to be bent over
and spread naked for all to see. She cringed when she felt a large hand on her
back.

	"Stay still."  The hand moved lower to her ass, moving sensuously over her
naked cheeks. "Look at this smooth skin."  The hand moved between her cheeks,
already spread because of her position.  A finger moved down the crack in her
ass, moving toward her anus.  Courtney trembled in fear as it brushed over her
tiny, naked anus.  "Courtney also has a virgin asshole.  Some of you will be
allowed access to her later and others will be allowed to see her training."

	Fear spread over her as they mentioned her training.  What were they going
to train her to do?  The hand moved lower, between her legs, to her pussy.  It
began to move between her pussy lips, spreading her open.  The audience could
now see her pink pussy.  The fingers moved up and down her slit.  Even with the
fear she felt, her pussy began to get wet.  She was ashamed that they were
forcing her to do this and how she was reacting to it.  If she could only get
this over with.  Courtney glanced shamefully at her father.  What she saw,
shocked her.  His cock was now hard and erect.  It was huge.  How was she going
to get anything that big into her vagina?  It would tear her up.

	Bill saw Courtney's gaze at his cock.  He felt that he had betrayed her. 
She was forced to strip in front of everyone and his cock had gotten hard
looking at her.  He should not be feeling these things about her.  She was his
little girl.  He was supposed to protect her and now he had gotten her into this
mess.

	Hands pulled her up and Courtney's relief was short-lived.  She was pushed
toward the swing. They turned her facing the audience and she was slowly lowered
onto the straps.  Her arms were tied behind her head.  There were four large
straps running vertical to her body, supporting her weight.  One was right below
her neck.  This supported the top of her back but her head fell backwards. 
Another was at her waist, again supporting her weight.  Straps were placed
around her legs, first at the top of her thighs, her knees and her ankles.  They
were tied securely and they began to pull them out away from her body.  Her legs
began to spread out, her ass unsupported, her pussy opening again for the
audience to see, this time even more obscenely.  Hands pushed her head forward,
a strap to the back forcing it up and securing it in place.  She now looked
directly at the audience, all eyes focused on her.  She looked down and could
see her naked pussy gaping wide, directly at the audience.

	Sixteen-year old Courtney was now naked, spread and tied open in front of
over 100 people. All of them waiting for the rape of her pussy by her own
father.  Her father, stranding only inches away, his cock hard and big. 
Courtney began to feel an excitement.  Her loving father would soon take her
virginity.  If she had to lose it this way, at least it was with someone she
loved.

	Bill was untied and moved toward Courtney.  Another swing was lowered over
her, this one was built to support Bill.  He was pushed down on the straps, his
body lowered until it began to move against Courtney.  He could feel her hard,
erect nipples push into his chest.  His arms were stretched out over his hand
and bound right along side Courtney's. He felt female hands move on his legs,
tying straps on them, just like Courtney's.  They were pulled out, but still
within Courtney's spread legs.  His cock was resting on her naked pussy.
	
	"What are you doing, leave me alone, take it out of my ass," Bill yelled. 
The same female hands parted the cheeks of his ass and he felt something large
and cold pushed into his unprotected anus.  It continued to push deep into his
rectum.  He could feel something sticking out of his ass, like a string.

	"Just something to keep you motivated, Bill.  We stuck an electrical butt
plug in your asshole.  The wire coming out is hooked up to the panel in front of
Michael.  He will be able to control the duration and voltage of electrical
shock in you.  I think you will find it very stimulating.  And at the same time,
the electrical current will flow through your cock, giving poor little Courtney
a jolt of the same."

	Hands fumbled between Bill's cock and Courtney's pussy.  At first Bill
thought they were going to put his cock into Courtney, but they had other ideas.

	"OOOOWWWW," screamed Courtney, Bill jumping at the shock of her yell.  "Take
it off, it hurts, don't do that," Courtney moaning as she experience the worse
pain she ever felt.  If was worse than when they whipped her spread pussy.  They
had attached a Clit Snapper on Courtney.  It was a small cylinder object that
covered the clitoris.  It attached from the inside, by a small clamp that
completely encircled her erect clitoris.  Once attached, if pulled off, it would
tear the clitoris.  The initial clamping was bad enough, as was the constant
pinching, but the worse was yet to come.

	"We have attached a Clit Snapper on Courtney.  It will constantly pinch the
clitoris.  When something or someone bumps against it, it has a powerful snapper
in the inside that will snap the trapped clitoris. This will create a tremendous
amount of pain.  With Bill fucking Courtney, we expect her to experience this
many times."

	"I'm going to kill you all for this", yelled Bill.  Tears began to run down
Courtney's face as she realized that what she had hoped for, a tender moment
with her father, would now become a very painful experience for both of them. 
Her clitoris already was in terrible pain, yet she knew that it would only get
worse.

	Hands again went between their bodies, this time grasping Bill's cock and
placing it inside of Courtney's pussy.

	"They both seem to be enjoying this, Bill is very hard and Courtney's pussy
is very wet.  Why don't you begin, Bill, rape your daughters pussy for our
enjoyment."

	Courtney could feel her fathers hard cock at the entrance of her pussy.  It
pushed in, beginning to spread her virgin pussy open.  "Please, Daddy, go slow,
it's starting to hurt already."

	The audience could see Bill's ass raise from Courtney as he withdrew his
cock back. He began to push back in again,  "AHHHH," moaned Courtney, her
father's thick cock forcing her pussy to expand to allow its entrance.  "Slowly,
Daddy, be gentle, it's so big."

	Bill withdrew again, then pushed back into her pussy.  Her tight pussy was
gripping the head of his cock, forcing groans from his lips.  It had been a long
time since he had fucked a women and never one this tight.  Even though it was
his daughter, his lust was beginning to take over.

	"Relax and let me in you, you feel so good."

	"Yes, Daddy, do what you have to do, I love you and I will do whatever you
want," Courtney begin to arch her back, forcing more of her fathers cock into
her pussy.  "Oh, Daddy, soooo big, it feels like its splitting me open," her
hips rotating, moving her wet pussy around his cock.

	His cock pulled almost all of the way out and than again began its journey
back into her virgin pussy, pushing the walls of her vagina open to his big
cock.  "Your pussy is so sweet, Courtney, move your ass, push up against me."

	'Yes, Daddy," her hips forcing more of her pussy onto his erect cock.  She
could feel his cock hit her hymen.  She knew that he would soon break her hymen
and she would no longer be a virgin.

	"I going to push into your deeper soon, keeping moving on my cock as I push
it in and out. It will only hurt for a minute, just remember your Daddy loves
you."

	Bill was now moving his cock in and out, gaining about two inches before it
hit her hymen.

	Bill's cock got harder, stroking Courtney's pussy.  Pre-cum was leaking from
his cock.  It had been too many years without a woman.  "Your pussy is just like
your mothers, it's squeezing my cock so tight."

	"AAAAAhhhh," moaned Courtney, the pain from his cock making her gasp.  She
did not care about her pain, she just wanted to please her father.

	"I think it's time Courtney," she could hear Michael say.

	"OOOOOOOOWWWW,   AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH, its burning my ass up, Oh, God, noooo,"
screamed Courtney her ass pushing up to escape the terrible pain.  Michael had
placed a gas jet directly beneath Courtney's spread asshole. With a flick of a
button, the gas lit and sent a flame straight up until it reached Courtney's
tender anus.  The pain must have been excruciating as her tender flesh was
heated and burned.

	At the same time, Michael sent a jolt of electricity through the butt plug
in Bill's asshole, forcing Michael to push forward to escape the terrible pain. 
"AAAAHHHH, GGGOOOD, that hurts."
	
	Bill and Courtney were both driven toward each other at the same instant,
both trying to escape the terrible pain.  But by doing so, Bill's cock brutally
ripped through Courtney's hymen, forever taking her virginity away.

	"SSSSSOOOO BBBBADDD, it hurts soooo bad, Daddy, you're tearing me up
NOOOOOOO," blood running down her thighs as she tried to gain a breath of air,
the force of his cock, driving the breath from her lungs.

	Bill pulled his cock back from Courtney's pussy, hoping to ease the pain he
caused.  Her pussy gripped his cock as it was withdrawn, now covered in blood.  
At the same time, Courtney pulled back, trying to stop the terrible pain. 
Michael again hit the buttons, the flame lit, shot up again, burning Courtney's
asshole.  The electricity surged in Bill's asshole, this time more voltage, his
hips jerking to escape, driving his cock deep into Courtney again at the same
time she drove her pussy up to escape the flame.  This time they again met only
harder.  The force of the thrust pushed Bill's pelvic bone into Courtney's
clitoris, hitting the Clit Snapper hard.

	OOOOGGGGGGOOOOOODD, DDDDDAAADDDDDYYYY, that hurts so bad, why are you doing
this too me," her head swimming in pain as her father brutally raped her pussy.  
It was only a few minutes ago when he was gentle, now her pussy burned and ached
from his big cock forcing her pussy walls to expand more than they ever where. 
She could feel the electricity flow through her father's cock, running along her
pussy, creating even more pain.

	Michael was continually turning on the gas, burning Courtney's delicate
asshole, sending electricity through her father's cock, shooting into her pussy,
forcing him to bump against the Clit Snapper, tearing at her delicate clitoris. 
The audience watched as Courtney and her father fucked each other brutally,
screaming in pain, as they were tortured and tortured each other.  Bill's hips
thrust back and forth, his cock punishing his daughter's pussy, forcing it open,
pushing deeper and deeper into her pussy until he reached bottom.  Even when he
reached bottom, his strokes became more brutal, knocking against the end of her
pussy, bruising her.

	Courtney could not even think, the pain consuming her being.  Her father's
cock was beating her pussy into submission, her asshole throbbing from the
burning, her clit battered by her father bumping the clit snapper.  If it would
only end.  Again, the flame, forcing Courtney to drive her pussy onto her
fathers hard cock, tearing her pussy open, the clit snapper eliciting sharp pain
on her delicate clitoris.  It felt like it was going to be torn from her body.

	Their thrusts into each other became faster, as Michael increased the
frequency of pushing the buttons.  You could hear the sharp slap of their pubic
bones slamming into each other, Courtney's screams of pain as the Clit Snapper
did its job.  Faster and faster until Bill suddenly shot his head back and
yelled as his cock began to shoot into Courtney.  Michael held the button down,
shooting a continuous jolt of electricity through Bill's rectum, following along
his cock to jolt Courtney's pussy. 

	Courtney felt the unfamiliar wetness as feel his hot cum begin to enter her
pussy.

	Instinctively, Courtney tightening her pussy on his cock hating it for what
it had done to her but fearing this might be her last moment of tenderness.  His
cock got bigger and bigger as he shot his cum into her once virgin pussy.  "Yes,
Daddy, cum in me, I want to make you happy."  Another load of hot cum entered
her pussy, than another, her pussy milking his cock. Her pussy was filling up
with her Daddy's cum.  She felt one last spurt of cum and than he cock began to
shrink.
	
	"OOOWWW," she yelled, her father pushing against the clit snapper as he
slumped down.  The clit snapper prevented Courtney from cumming.  She lay
slumped in the swing, her father's weight pushing down on her.  Her father had
cum in her, but she was left unfulfilled.

	They untied Bill and pulled him off Courtney.  Courtney looked at his cock. 
It was covered in her blood and his cum.  They pulled him back toward her head. 
She could feel hands behind her head, lowering it until it was parallel to her
body.  They raised Bill's hands over his head and tied them up high.  They
grabbed one of his legs and swung it over Courtney's head. Bill was now standing
directly over Courtney's head, a leg on each side.

	"Leave us alone, you got what you wanted," yelled Bill.

	"We can't leave you dirty like that Bill, your little whore daughter got her
blood all over your cock. Open your mouth Courtney."  Hands moved to her face
and pushed her mouth open.  Arms pushed Bill down by the shoulders until his
cock was on Courtney's lips.  "Suck his cock and clean it with your tongue." 
Bill was again pushed and his cock entered Courtney's mouth. "Do it, or we will
kill your father."
	
	Courtney's tongue began to run over his cock, the taste of the blood and cum
making her gag. "Keep sucking it until he gets hard again, than you are to make
him cum again, this time in your mouth.  Swallow all of it."

	Michael began to shoot the electricity again through Bill's rectum, forcing
him to push his cock deeper into her mouth.  He began to get hard again,
watching his daughter, only inches from him, sucking and tonguing his cock.  His
cock began to push to the back of her throat, forcing Courtney to gag and choke
as he pushed into her throat.  He got harder, his cock now milked by her throat,
her eyes pleading.  He only cared with his own lust.  His daughter now only a
mouth pussy to pleasure him.  He drove deeper and deeper, driven by the
Electricity shooting through his cock.   He suddenly pushed deep and his cock
again began to shoot his cum, choking her, cum shooting out of her nose and
mouth as her mouth filled with his hot cum.  A second load of cum filled her
mouth, a third forcing her to swallow or choke to death.  His cock finished
shooting, resting limp in her mouth.

	"That ends our evening of entertainment.  Courtney will be with us for a
while.  If anyone would like to enjoy her charms, contact me and we will see
what we can arrange.  She will be made available for sex or if you wish to
punish and torture her this can also be arranged."

(To be continued)




Chapter 4-Ass Raped by A Dildo

	"Bring the Bitch in the other room, the President and his wife want a piece
of her before she if ruined by too many cocks," Michael ordered the other
guards. 
	
	Courtney was released from the sling, but she had to be held up by the
guards to keep her from falling.  Blood and cum were pasted to her pussy and
thighs, a reminder of the taking of her virginity.  Her asshole still ached from
the flame scorching her tender anus and she could still taste her fathers thick,
salty cum in her mouth.  Courtney watched as her father was taken from the room
in cuffs, wondering where they were taking him, hoping that he would be all
right.

	"Don't worry cunt, if you cooperate, your father will stay alive.  The
minute you resist or fail to do what I ask, I will have him killed before your
eyes.  You still have a virgin asshole left.  It might be a little burned, but
it is still tight.  The President and his wife are going to take that from you."

	Courtney was shoved into the room.  In the room stood a low, padded table. 
Even Courtney easily imagined its purpose.  It was big enough to fit a female
body on her hands and knees and high enough to elevate a female's pussy and
asshole to be cock high.  Courtney cringed at the prospects of what they
intended to do to her, but she could not even imagine the cruelty that had
planned.  Around the room were about 20 chairs, again, Courtney would have an
audience watching her debasement.  All of the walls were covered with mirrors
forcing Courtney to witness her own rape.

	"Into the bathroom first, I want to clean her up before anyone arrives."

	Courtney was pushed into the bathroom and forced to sit on the toilet seat
cover.  She could hear Michael taking things out of the drawer but could not see
what they were.  When he turned around he was carrying a can of shaving cream
and a straight razor.  "No please," begged Courtney. 

	"You don't need any pussy hair, I like my bitches with a bald cunt."  He
kneeled down in front of her and grabbed her ankles and put them over his
shoulders.  This spread her legs, up and wide apart, her pussy opening in front
of his face. 

	Courtney began to turn red in embarrassment.  Even though she was raped in
front of a crowd, this seemed more personal.  Here was a stranger spreading her
open, her pussy just inches from his eyes.  She closed her eyes in
embarrassment. 

	"Open your eyes and look directly at me, do not turn away," he commanded
Courtney.

	Courtney obeyed, staring at him as she felt his hands slide up her thighs, a
washcloth removing any traces of her rape from her body.  When he finished, his
hands returned to her pussy, a palm full of shaving cream ready to cover her. 
He spread it liberally over her pussy.  Courtney had very fine and light pussy
hair and it covered easily.

	Courtney cringed as she saw the straight razor move toward her spread pussy. 
"Stay very still, I would hate to cut that nice pussy."  She could feel the
razor begin at the top of her pussy lips and begin to pull down, shaving the
hair as he moved.  He grabbed first the right pussy lip and pulled it out,
shaving the side.  The left pussy lip was next and the hair was removed quickly. 
"Relax your ass cheeks, I need to shave all the way back to your asshole,"
Michael rising slightly, forcing Courtney's legs higher, exposing her asshole to
his gaze and the razor. 

	"Ouch," yelled Courtney, Michael cutting her asshole on purpose. 

	"Shut up, Bitch, I will cut you from your pussy to your asshole if I feel
like it."  Michael returned to slicing the hair from Courtney.  The washcloth
returned, wiping the excess from Courtney's pussy. 

	Courtney grimaced in pain as Michael wiped her spread and naked pussy with
rubbing alcohol, but did not cry out.  She could feel his finger on her naked
and spread asshole, searching, pushing.  Her anus begins to open under his
plundering finger, stretching wide to receive it, remembering the fingering her
asshole received on the truck to jail.

  	"I see that the crowd has arrived and the President and his wife will be
here soon.  Let's get you ready bitch," as Courtney was pulled from the toilet
seat and pushed into the room.  All of the chairs were full, close friends of
the President and his wife.  They were known to be sexually free and many of
their friends had shared and had been shared with them. The group watched as
Courtney was brought in, her naked body and her newly shorn pussy shining in the
bright lights. 

	Courtney looked around the room and she could already see some of the men
with their cocks out and their wives already stroking them.  She knew that soon
she would be their source of enjoyment, cocks hard watching as she was raped for
their pleasure.

	"On the bench, doggy style.  We are going to treat you like the dog bitch
you are," as she was pushed onto the bench.  "On your hands and knees, soon this
will be your usual position."  SLLLLAAAAPPP, Michael's hand hit Courtney's ass
hard.  Courtney moaned, but did not cry out.  She remembered Michael's warning
and feared the consequences. 

	SSSSSLLLLAAAPPP, this time her other cheek.  Michael rained down his palm
upon her naked cheeks, forcing Courtney to bite her lip in pain, her cheeks
turning red from the abuse. 

	His hands pushed between her thighs, forcing her to spread her legs further
open.  "Spread them wide, I want to see your asshole peeking out, and don't your
dare close your legs.  Watch in the mirror and don't close your eyes."

	Tears began to form in Courtney's eyes as she saw the President and his wife
enter.  She knew that what they were going to do to her was worse than she
expected.  They were both naked, the President with a huge cock, already erect. 
Even worse was his wife.  Attached to her loins stood a giant dildo, even larger
than her husbands cock.  She did not know which one or both were going to rape
her asshole, but she did know that it was going to hurt badly.  Either cock
would tear and make her asshole bleed as it fucked her.  She knew that neither
cared, and in fact they would attempt to inflict the maximum amount of pain on
her tender body.

	Courtney watched as the President walked in front of Courtney, his huge cock
directly in front of her lips.  She knew that she would be expected to suck his
cock and he would cum in her mouth, just like her father had done.  She could
feel female hands stroking her ass, spreading her cheeks, opening her asshole to
the President's wives dildo.

	"Don't worry Honey, once I get my dildo in your asshole, it wouldn't be so
bad.  You might even stop screaming by them.  Not that anyone will hear you,
with my husband's cock in your throat.  You better give us both a good ride or
it's the end for your father."

	The President ran his fingers over Courtney's face, wiping the tears from
her eyes.  His fingers pushed into her mouth, forcing her to open wide.  "Suck
my cock you little bitch, you must pay for what your father has done to me over
the last couple of years.  I am going to make you suffer for as long as he made
me.  You're going to be sucking and fucking for many years, the day you stop,
your father is dead."

	The large cock entered Courtney's mouth, his precum spreading over her lips,
bringing back the awful taste and the memory of the mouthful of cum she was
forced to accept.

	"Lick it real nice," Courtney's mouth forced to open wider than it ever had
to accommodate the President's large cock.  It pushed in, Courtney's tongue
beginning to run over the large helmeted cock.  She could feel more cum leaking
from the tip, her tongue pushing it around in her mouth.  It was heavy and very
salty.  The President grabbed her ears and his cock was forced deeper into her
mouth, heading for her throat.  Courtney knew that soon she would be gagging and
choking on the thick cock in her mouth.  But that was the least of her problems. 
She could now feel the President's wife on her ass.

	"SSSPPPPIIIITTTT," Courtney could feel the hot spit hit her asshole as the
Presidents wife dildo began to push the spit around Courtney's asshole,
lubricating the way for the rape by the dildo.   "Your asshole is so tiny, cunt,
wait until it opens for my dildo.  I am going to enjoy hearing your muffled
screams."

	Courtney could feel the female hands on her hips, bracing her for the push
into her asshole by the giant dildo.  The dildo began to force her tiny asshole
to open wider and wider.  As it pushed in, Courtney's body was pushed forward,
the Presidents hard cock pushing to the back of her throat.

	"AAAAAAHHHHHHH, GGGGGHHHHHHH, GGGGAAASSSPP", screamed Courtney, her asshole
tearing from the brutal rape of the dildo, the big cock in her mouth pushing
past her tonsils, forcing her to gasp and choke as she was continually choked on
the cock.  Tears ran down her face and she grimaced in pain as her asshole tore
open, blood flowing over the dildo, lubricating it for the continuing rape of
her asshole.

	"Yes, bitch, swallow my cock, choke on that big fucker."

	The Presidents wife pushed the dildo in, forcing Courtney's asshole to open
to accept the giant head, her anus fitting tightly over it, tearing to accept it
girth.  She pulled back Courtney's hips, forcing more dildo into her asshole. 
At the same time, the cock in her mouth pulled out, allowing Courtney to suck in
some air, but pushed back in quickly, again blocking her air passage, gagging
her.

	The dildo pulled out a little bit temporarily, but only so it could force
itself further into Courtney's asshole.  Her screams were muffled as her head
was held tightly, her hips embraced in strong hands as the dildo was pushed in,
forcing her anal track to rip and tear to allow passage by the giant dildo. 
Sweat poured from her body as the two raped her mouth and asshole.  Courtney
would have collapsed in pain had her body not been held up by her rapists,
forcing Courtney to accept the cruel rape.

	The dildo withdrew than forced itself back in, further than the last time. 
Courtney's anus was stretched like a rubber band, three inches of giant dildo
now forced in.  Hot flashes of intense pain tore through Courtney's asshole as
four inches pushed in, the cock in her mouth now coordinating its attack with
the dildo in her asshole.  Each pushing in further, pulling out for a very brief
reprieve, only to begin their painful rape again.  Five inches of giant dildo
was forced in her asshole, now reaching into her colon, stretching it wider than
it was meant to stretch, tearing as it plunged in deeper.  Cramps began to grip
Courtney's stomach. 

	Courtney's wished she would pass out from the pain but there was no easy out
for her, she continued to stay awake, forced to accept the pain.

	"How do you like my dildo, cunt, is it as good as your father's cock fucking
your pussy?"  The Presidents wife gave Courtney a particularly brutal push and
now six inches of dildo plowed into Courtney's once virgin asshole.  The dildo
pulled out, covered in shit and blood, ready to once again push in, reaching new
depths in Courtney's asshole.  Seven inches pushed in, bottoming out in
Courtney's colon.  Her stomach continually cramped from the dildo, her anal
track rubbed raw from the brutal rape, torn and bleeding. 

	The President forced his cock deep into Courtney's throat.  He ran his
fingers over her throat, feeling his cock buried deep.  Courtney's lips were
spread wide around his cock, her mouth against his stomach.  Courtney had sucked
all of his cock into her mouth and throat.  He could feel the exquisite
massaging of his cock by her throat muscles trying to force it out. 

	His wife now began in earnest to fuck Courtney's asshole.  The dildo pulled
out until only the head was stretched over Courtney's anus and than was rammed
in, forcing Courtney to accept the brutal rape of seven-inches of giant dildo. 
Courtney's head swam in pain and she gasped for air as she was continually
buffeted between her two rapists.   Blood ran down her thighs and drool ran from
her mouth as her rape continued.  They cared nothing of Courtney, only their
pleasure and those seated watching the spectacle.  All cocks were hard as
Courtney's rape continued.  Some wives had kneeled before their husbands, the
cocks pushed into their mouths as they enjoyed Courtney's rape.

	Courtney body became limp, held up only by her rapist as she mercifully
passed out in pain, just as the Presidents cock began to cum in her mouth,
shooting deep into her throat and directly into her stomach, filling her with
his hot cum.

	His wife forced Courtney to accept the giant dildo one last time before
pulling out, covered in shit and blood.  The two rapists allowed Courtney to
slump to the padded table.  The audience began to applause, pleased in the rape
of Courtney, the men's hard cocks shooting cum in climax.




Chapter 5- Raped and Abused

	Michael stood up as the President and his wife left the room.  Her father
gasped in surprise and anguish as he was brought back in again, naked as he saw
his daughter lying on the table, blood running from her asshole.  "Anyone
wishing to fuck Courtney can do so now, but leave one hole for her father."

	Courtney began to regain consciousness.  Her asshole ached in pain and her
mouth tasted cum.  She saw her father standing over her but her relief was
short-lived as she saw naked cocks walking toward her and she saw her fathers
cock again, still hard.  How could she suffer so, yet his cock enjoying her
anguish?

	"Listen, bitch.  Your job is to make sure your fathers cock is always hard. 
If it becomes flaccid, it will be cut off and you will be forced to eat it,"
said Michael.

	Courtney was turned on her side and one member of the audience laid down
next to her.  "Open up, cunt," his cock pushing into her pussy.  At the same
time, Courtney yelled in pain as another pushed in behind her, forcing her
already battered asshole to accept another cock in it.  Her father was pushed
down near her head and she opened her mouth to accept his cock.  She had to keep
him alive as she was again brutally rape, this time in her pussy and asshole at
the same time.  It felt like they were trying to tear into her body and come out
the other side as she was ruthlessly raped.

	Courtney's rape continued during the early evening.  Two individuals
continually raped her three holes, sometimes by women with dildos, as Courtney
was forced to keep her fathers cock hard in her mouth, pussy and twice in her
asshole.  That was the worst because next time it would be forced back into her
mouth, making Courtney suck his cock clean of her own shit and blood.  Her body
was continually covered in cum as she was raped and abused.

	Courtney was still in agony after the worst night of pain in her young life.
She had spent the entire time in a squat, her belly and bowels filled with a
vile liquid, unable to expel any of it. She also had her father's cock stuffed
into her mouth and she was given the unpleasant duty of keeping it erect all
night.   The consequences of not doing so was horrible for her to even imagine
so she did her job as best she could and somehow succeeded in keeping him hard
throughout the awful night.

	After the brutal rape she was brought to her feet for the first time in
nearly 24 hours. Her legs ached terribly from being in an awkward position for
so long and she was barely able to stand up. Despite her pain, the captors tied
her in this awful squat, putting terrible strain on her thighs and calves.

	One of the largest men approached her while holding a large jug. One of the
men behind her pushed an awful ring gag into her mouth, forcing her mouth open,
and pulled her hair hard, making her unable to pull her own head forward. The
large man then started pouring liquid from the jug into her mouth. It tasted
vile and she started drowning in it."

	"Swallow it little cunt or you will die."

	Part of her wished she could die but her survival instinct took over and she
began swallowing the copious amount of liquid as quickly as she could. It was
awful and as soon as it hit her body it began to burn...all the way down her
throat and into her stomach.

	Within a few seconds, her belly was full of this terrible concoction. It
burned her insides and she felt like she was going to vomit. She desperately
wanted to expel this vile stuff.

	"Courtney, if any of this comes out as piss or vomit, your daddy's dick will
be your last meal."

	Her body started shaking from the pain but she worked vigorously to avoid
any of it coming out of her belly.

	She then felt something pushing at her asshole as a nozzle opened up her
torn asshole.  She gasped as the hot, burning liquid was inserted into her
bowels. She felt it fill her yet again and she screamed out, louder now than
during her whipping or rapes.

	"Good girl, I've turned that nozzle so that your little ass stays full
too...bring over her father."

	They brought the exhausted man over and placed him so that his cock was
mouth level with her and stuffed it in...somehow he was hard again but Courtney
noticed a ring around the base that was helping him stay hard by not allowing
the blood to flow.
		
	"Sweet dreams you two," the men said as a bright spotlight was put on them
and the rest of the lights were extinguished. "Remember cunt, not one drop all
night or your father's cock is your breakfast tomorrow."

	That began an awful night of torture for the girl, as the liquid continued
to burn her insides and the desire to pee and shit was intense. Her entire body
was racked with pain and she shook from the strain of it all, in addition to
being in such an uncomfortable squatting position. That and the fact that she
had to keep sucking on her father's cock to keep him hard made for the worst
night ever for the young girl.

	Finally morning came and the spotlight was turned off...the sleepless duo
were still tied as they had been left, sweat pouring off both. It had been
nearly 12 hours of pain and torture for them both, though poor Courtney had of
course suffered the most.

	Courtney heard gasps as hundreds of people filled the auditorium where her
humiliation had taken place. She was beyond caring at this point, just desperate
to relieve her pain.

	First her father's cock was removed from her mouth and she saw a girl about
her age take him by the cock and continue to masturbate him so that he remained
hard.

	She saw a bowl being placed by pussy and ass and she was told she could
relieve herself. She cried out in misery as the liquid came out in huge chunks,
chunks bigger than her holes. She screamed, she moaned, she begged for help and
mercy. The onlookers were loving her pain and cheered every drop that hit the
bowl. Finally, she was done and she slumped in her bondage, desperate for some
relief.

	"Now, now cunt, no sleep yet," one of the men said. They undid her hand and
brought her father to her. "Make him cum into your bowl and we can end this
madness."

	Without thinking, she grabbed her father's aching cock and she began to jerk
him off...despite being fucked dozens of times in the last two days, she had
never touched a cock before and was surprised at its softness. She jerked him up
and down no more than 10 times and she heard him moan and start to spurt his cum
into the mixture already in the bowl. He shuddered and groaned at the relief of
finally being able to cum after hours of torment in his daughter's holes.

	"Good cunt, this will be both of your meals for the next few days.

	"Take her to her cell, let her rest before the next phase.  Take her father
to the guardroom.  They can rape his asshole.  Let him feel what his daughter
had to suffer for him.

(To be continued)




Chapter 6-Rope Rape and Torture

	For two days, Courtney was locked in a cell.  She did not know what had
happened to her father, but she expected the worse.  She had heard what they
planned to do to him, ass raped and knew that is what probably happened.

	Every four hours, she was woken up, made to stand, arms behind her neck,
thrusting her breasts out, her legs spread as she was inspected.  This was
really just another chance to humiliate her and also to abuse her body.  One
guard would play with her breasts, squeezing them harshly, making her nipples
hard and than pinching them so tight they began to bleed.  If she made any
movement to stop them, her ass would be whipped.  That had happened twice in the
last two days.  Another would abuse her pussy, spreading her lips open, forcing
fingers deep into her, scratching her vagina as they plunged ruthlessly in her,
spreading open when deep inside her.   The last would abuse her asshole. It was
already sore for the dildo rape and he took great pleasure in opening up fresh
wounds.  He would force her to bend over and spread her cheeks, giving him
access to her anus.  His fingers would tear at her asshole, hooking fingers in
each side and pulling her open before plunging into her rectum.  Each time she
was visited, he would force more fingers into her asshole, stretching her open.
	
	She was forced to stand very still as they abused her, accepting their
abuse, being whipped if she made any attempt to stop them.

	Than she would be bound on the bed, a dental clamp holding her mouth open
and force-fed her food.  This was the bowl she had shit up and mixed with her
fathers cum.  A guard would also jerk off into her mouth a fresh batch of cum
for her to eat.  The first three times, Courtney vomited up the batch, but the
guards would catch it in the bowl and shove it back down her throat.  After that
she managed to swallow and hold in the disgusting mess, her stomach groaning for
hours afterwards, until it was time for another feeding.  After the second day,
the "food" was gone and Courtney was allowed to shower and she was given panties
and bra to wear.  She was allowed to sleep, uninterrupted for over eight hours.

	Her father, Bill Smith had not done any better than Courtney.  He was taken
over to cell block A.  This cellblock was run by a group of homosexual guards. 
These guards were more dominants than homosexuals.  They enjoyed the power of
forcing the prisoners to submit to their perverted demands.  He was taken and
tied face down on the "fucking block".  This was a padded table.  An insert was
cut out allowing access to his cock and balls.  He was tied face down, his legs
spread and tied wide open. His arms were bound to the side, his head pushed up
and forced forward.  His bondage was very stringent, not allowing any movement. 

	One guard than grabbed his cock and pulled it through the insert.  It was
tied, pulling and stretching it downward and bound tightly with a leather
sleeve.  The sleeve was lined with tacks and held his cock tightly.  If his cock
got hard, the tacks would force themselves into the skin.  If squeezed tightly,
the tacks would pierce the skin.  His balls were also bound tightly into a
leather ball bag.  It was also lined with tacks, these longer and sharper than
the cock sleeve.  Draw strings lining the bag and sleeve could be pulled,
forcing them to shrink in size, squeezing the enclosed balls or cock.  Both of
these devices were also hooked up to an electrical generator.  Power could be
sent to electrodes that would flow through into the tacks.  Power settings were
available from light to extreme.  All of these devices main purpose were to make
the subject a willing participate in his own rape.  He would be mouth fucked and
ass raped.  He would be forced to willingly suck any cock forced into his mouth
and throat and swallow the cum.  If a cock were forced into his asshole, he
would be expected to squeeze down on it as it was pulled out until he would make
them cum deep in his colon.

	When Bill was securely tied and hooked up, the guards began.  Bruno was over
six feet two inches tall, 250 pounds and solid muscle.  That included his cock. 
It stood over 11 inches long and five inches around.  It was a massive
instrument of torture. The other two guards also had impressive cocks.  They
enjoyed using them on helpless victims, including males.  Courtney's father was
their next victim.  They were promised if they punished him, they would also
have a chance with Courtney.
	
	Bruno stood in front of Bill, fisting his cock, placing it within inches of
Bill's mouth.  Bill's eyes widen in fear. 

	"OOOWWWW, AAAGGGHHHH, Oh, God, that hurts so bad, stop it, your crushing me"
cried Bill.  One of the other guards was behind Bill, out of his sight.  He had
grabbed Bill's cock with one hand and his balls with the other and squeezed his
massive hands around the leather sleeves.  The tacks in the cock sleeves were
pushed into his cock, piercing the skin.  His balls ached, crushed by the
guard's hands, shooting pains in his stomach, the longer tacks pushing deep into
his balls.  The guard released his grip and than again squeezed tightly,
crushing Bill's balls and his cock.  Bill screamed again in pain, his balls
aching, the sharp tacks digging deep into his cock and balls.  The guard moved
his hand around, forcing the tacks to move, opening up new wounds.

	Bill began to plead and beg to stop the pain.  "Stop, I will do anything,
AAAAAHHH."  His stomach ached, afraid that he would vomit soon from the extreme
pain.

	"Now that I have your attention, I am going to turn you into a cock slut
before the night is over.  If you do not cooperate, pain will become a big part
of your life.  What you felt so far is very little pain.  The bags can be
tightened permanently.  Once tightened, a brief brush by my hand on them will
bring fresh pain as the tacks move, opening up new wounds.  Then there is the
electricity," said Bruno, motioning to Joe, the other guard.

	"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH," Bill screamed, in body trembling in pain as Joe shot a
light load of electricity into his balls and cock.  Another burst of electricity
shot through Bill's groin, this time a higher intensity.

	"As I said, you are to become our cock slave.  We are going to fuck your
mouth and ass all night long.  As you can see, we both have very big cocks so I
am sure we are going to tear up your asshole, but that may prove the lesser of
two evils.  If you do not submit and fuck us back, your balls and cock will
receive the most severe pain and punishment, far beyond what you can imagine.
Are you ready to cooperate?"

	Another shot of electricity in his balls convinced Bill that he would not
survive the night without cooperating.  He did not know what would be required,
but anything would be better than the pain.  "Yes," he choked out. 
	
	"Tighten up the bags, Joe, I want Bill to remember his word," ordered Bruno.

	"AAAGGG," cried Bill, his balls crunched tighter in the bag, the tacks
puncturing the skin.  The pressure of the tacks on his cock drove them into the
side and especially the head of his cock.  One tack just missed his piss slit. 
Joe ran his hand over Bill's balls, his finger flicking on the bag, shooting
pains reaching deep in Bill's balls.

	Bruno reached for Bill's mouth, sticking his fingers in it, "Open up, real
wide, you are going to start by sucking my cock.  I want you to run your tongue
over it while I fuck it in.  When I get to your throat, I want you to relax as
much as possible.  You will gag as I push down, but that will be quite enjoyable
to me, but my cock will go down your throat, you can rest assured of that.  Now
stick your tongue out and begin being our cock slut," with Bruno fisting his
cock and bringing it to Bill's lips.

	Another shot of electricity shot through Bill's cock as Bruno's cock was
placed on his lips.  "Just a reminder, now suck it, cock slut," Bruno ordered.

	The cock entered his mouth, spreading his mouth wide as the massive cock
pushed in.  His tongue ran over his cock, the precum on his cock disgusting him. 
He would soon be forced to swallow his cum and he could not stop him.  The cock
pushed further into his mouth, than retreated.  Next time it pushed further than
before almost reaching the back of his mouth.

	Bruno began to fuck Bill's mouth, pushing his big cock deeper and deeper
into his mouth.  "AAGGG, GGGGAAAAGGHHH," the cock pushing into his throat, his
stomach wrenching as he gagged and choked.  Bill's head was held tightly as
Bruno fucked his mouth like it was a cunt. 

	"Is he sucking you good?" asked Joe.

	"He could do better, why don't you see if you can help to motivate him,"
answered Bruno.  He pushed his cock and forced it down Bill's throat, keeping it
plugging Bill's throat, waiting for Joe's response.

	"MMMMMGGGG, AGGGHHHHFFFF," Bill screamed, his voice muffled by Bruno's cock
buried in his throat as his balls were grasped tightly by Joe.  The pain in his
stomach from his balls punishment, mixed with the gagging and wrenching of the
throat fuck made him scream in pain.

	Bruno pulled his cock from Bill's throat and Bill instantly began to bathe
his cock with his tongue, sucking on the head of his cock.  He did not want to
feel the pain again.  He sucked as hard as he could as Bruno pushed it down his
throat again, Bill gagging but trying hard to swallow the massive cock. Bruno
began to plunge the cock in and out of his mouth again, Bill sucking his cock,
hoping to get this mouth rape over with.  He knew that this would mean Bruno
would cum in his mouth and he would be forced to swallow it, but he could not
bear the pain any longer.

	Bill's plight became worse.  Joe was stroking his big cock, making it
harder.   It was time to rape Bill's ass.  Joe grabbed Bill's balls and cock,
Bill's body jumping from the unexpected pain.  Another shot of electricity shot
through his body.
  
	"I'm going to fuck you in the ass now, I want you to squeeze my cock when I
pull it from your asshole.  If you don't cooperate, the pain will begin again.

	Joe put the helmet of his big cock against Bill's asshole.  A gob of spit on
his cock and he began to push.  The big cock tore into Bill's asshole, ripping
his anus and plunging into his rectum.  Bill's body shuddered as the pain of the
rape tore into him.  The cock in his mouth was plugged deep into his throat and
now a cock was tearing into his anal tract.  The cock pushed deeper into him,
tearing and raping, the cramps adding to his already pained body.  Joe's cock
was bloodied with the rape of Bill's asshole.

	Joe plunged his cock into Bill, forcing all ten-inches of his cock into
Bill's anal tract.  His colon was forced to stretch and tear open from the
plundering cock.  "Squeeze it, you cock slut or the ball pain will begin again,"
Joe commanded. 

	Bill was swimming in pain, Bruno's cock forced in and out of his throat,
cutting off his air supply.  His asshole was torn and bleeding, but he forced
himself to squeeze the cock in his asshole, the pain worsening.  He sucked hard
on the cock in his mouth, squeezing the cock in his ass, hoping that the pain
would end soon. 

	The two raping cocks began to swell, there cum filled balls ready to shoot
into Bill.  Joe squeezed Bill's balls and cock, new pain rushing over his body. 
The cock in his mouth pulled from his throat and began to shoot the hot, salty,
heavy cum on his tongue, rapidly filling his mouth.  Bill began to swallow the
cum, hoping not to choke as more cum shot out.  The cock in his asshole pushed
deep, feeling like it was coming out of his mouth and began to swell, tearing
his anal tract more as it began to fill his colon with the hot cum.

	"Now you're becoming a good cock slut, you sucked my cock good.  I will rape
your asshole next while Joe will get your mouth.  Another two or three times
tonight and you will a pro," laughed Bruno.

	Joe pulled his cock out, Bill's asshole farting as it was relieved of the
pressure of the huge cock.  He pulled in front of Bill, holding his bloodied,
shit covered cock to Bill's lips.  "Start sucking, slut."

	Bruno was behind Bill, his cock already hard, pushed against Bill's bleeding
asshole and began to push in, Bill's asshole already wet from the cum and blood
from his anal rape.

	"AAAGGHH," Bill screamed into the cock forced into his mouth, the rape
beginning again.  Before the night would be over, he would be raped four times
by each of the brutal guards, his balls and cock severely tortured, electricity
shooting through his body to force him to participate in his own rape.  They
repeatedly forced him to swallow their cum and then he had to suck the other
guards cock that had raped his asshole, cleaning it until it became hard again,
ready to fuck his mouth again.

	The cell door opened and the guards grabbed Courtney from the bed, cuffing
her arms behind her back, a hobble placed between her legs. One of the guards
ran his hands over her breasts, and than down to her panty-covered pussy,
grabbing it tightly in his big hand.  "Michael has a special treat for your
pussy.  Move, you cunt," pushing her toward the door, the hobble making it
difficult to walk.

	Courtney cringed as she was again led into the auditorium, filled with
people again.  She remembered the last time and expected the worse.  She was
moved to the stage and the bright lights shined on her half-naked body.  The
hobble was released as was the handcuffs. Leather cuffs were attached to her
wrists and her ankles, cutting tightly into her skin.  She heard a motor start
over her head as a winch pulled down a long bar. 

	"Raise the cunt up," Michael ordered the other guards.  Courtney's arms were
slowly raised up, higher and higher, her body drawing taunt.  Courtney groaned
in pain, as her legs moved off the ground, her weight not supported by her
leather strapped wrists.  "Higher, I want her feet at least a foot off the
ground."  The motors pulled her higher until finally grounding to a stop.

	"Spread her open, I want her so wide that her cunt begins to tear open." One
of the guards grabbed her right ankle and attached a chain to it, while the
other guard grabbed her left and did the same.  Courtney cringed when she heard
the motors start again and her legs were pulled to the side, opening her wider
and wider.  Her legs were now pulled three feet wide and still moving.  "Please
don't," she begged the pain ache in her thighs beginning.  Four feet and they
were still moving.  Michael walked between her legs and ran his hand up her
thighs, toward her pussy.  "Your skin is so smooth and taunt, soon I will strip
you naked so everyone can see your spread, naked pussy.  I can feel the muscles
in your thighs stretching, does it hurt?"

	"Yes, it hurts bad, no further," she cried, but the motors continued to pull
her apart, threatening to tear her apart.  Her legs were spread over five feet
apart, her panties just barely covering her spread pussy.  The motors stopped. 
Courtney was stretched high off the ground, her arms pulled tight over her head,
her legs spread into an "X", stretched wide.  Sweat began to glisten from her
body from the lights and the tight bondage she was placed in.  "What are you
going to do to me?" she asked.

	"Do you have to ask, Courtney, why of course, I am going to torture you. 
That is why everyone in the audience has a hard cock.  They are expecting me to
sexually torture you and I do not want to disappoint them."  Michael ran his
hands up her thighs again, until he got to her spread pussy. He grasped her
pussy in his hand, squeezing it tightly.  "I am going to pay special attention
to your pussy.  When I am finished, your pussy will be very tender to the touch,
so you can imagine what it will be like when they start to rape you."

	His hands reached for her bra and pulled it from her body, her tits bouncing
on her chest.  He grabbed her nipples and pulled them, twisting them, forcing
them to become erect.  Now his hands pulled hard on her panties, the crotch
digging deep into her spread pussy as they stretched out.

	"OOOOWWW, AAAGGGG," the panties feeling like they were cutting her spread
pussy.  They finally tore, leaving Courtney naked again.  The hands ran over her
spread pussy, pulling on her hair, pulling her lips apart, a finger running
between her slit.  His hand slapped her spread pussy.  "OOOOW" she cried.

	"Put her in a horizontal position, I want everyone to see her pussy as I
torture it."  The motors began again, this time the whole mechanism shifting
Courtney from a vertical position to a horizontal position.  Her body was now
horizontal, her arms pulled back over her head.  Her legs were spread out wide,
her pussy and anus opened for all to see, the lights shining directly on her
open body.

	Michael walked between her spread legs, his fingers returning to her pussy,
pulling her open even more, her pink insides open to his touch.  One hand
reached towards her anus, pushing suddenly into her spread asshole, a gasp
coming from Courtney's lips as her anus was impaled on his finger.  He began to
corkscrew it into her anus, a dry rasping finger pushing along her anal tract. 

	"The rope, pull it down," Michael ordered. 

	Courtney watched as a large, one-inch hemp rope was lowered from the
ceiling.  It unraveled from a mechanism in the ceiling.  About every six inches,
a large knot was in the rope.  It was very rough.  When it reached down to
Michael's height, he pulled it down further until it reached the floor.  Michael
pushed it into some mechanism in the floor.  A motor started and the rope
tightened.  Courtney watched in horror as she saw it between her spread legs. 
She knew what they intended to do.  They were going to saw the rope between her
spread legs, the rope burning her pussy and anus. 

	"Ah, I see you realized what the rope is for, I can see the terror in your
eyes.  Yes, it will be soon tearing through your spread pussy.  The knots will
really tear up your pussy.  Don't forget your anus.  It will also be pulled
through the cheeks of your ass.  The audience is going to love your screams. 
When you think it can't hurt any more, I will speed up the rope."

	The mechanism that Courtney was spread on began to push her whole body
toward the rope, between her spread legs.  She felt the rope hit her spread legs
and bump against her pussy and than stop.

	Michael moved again between her legs.  She felt him spread her pussy lips
back and push the knotted rope between them.  "Move her legs up higher, so the
rope rubs along her asshole," Michael ordered.  The mechanism holding her legs
moved higher, the rope beginning to pull along her pussy and now because of the
movement of her legs, now moved along her anus.  His hands moved to her ass,
spreading her cheeks, the rope moving between them, pushing against her anus.

	"Tighten up the rope now," the motors starting again, pushing Courtney out,
the rope pushing deep into her pussy and ass cheeks.

	"OOOOOOWWWW, AAAAAAGGGGGG, that hurts you bastard," cried Courtney, tears
running from her eyes as the rope pushed deep into her pussy.

	Courtney watched above as the rope mechanism began to move.  She could feel
the rope sliding through her pussy and along her anus.  "Oh, God, that hurts,
don't do that to me, OOOOOOWWWW," the first knot now beginning to push though
her pussy, rubbing over her clit and than spreading her pussy lips open wider,
abrading her pussy lips as the horse hair rope pulled through her legs.  The
knot moved back between her legs, moving between her cheeks, running over her
anus, pushing inward.

	"That was only the first knot.  You still have many more to go.  You will
soon start screaming for our enjoyment."

	The rope again pulled through her pussy, her pussy beginning to pain from
the burning.  The next knot pushed through her legs.  Michael reached and pulled
her clit hood back, exposing her clit to the knot.

	"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH," screamed Courtney as the next knot moved over
her exposed clit, pushing into her pussy, rubbing along her slit, sliding along
her asshole and popping out.  The rope again moving along, sawing along her
pussy slit.

	"Turn the speed up.  I want to see this bitches cunt fry," Michael ordered.

	The rope began to pull through Courtney's legs faster, the knots now tearing
into her pussy and anus.  Courtney's screams were now almost continuous as her
delicate clit and inner pussy lips were rubbed raw. Her pussy looked like raw
meat and the rope began to show signs of blood as the knots tore her flesh open. 
Her tiny anus also began to bleed, the knots pushing in as they slid over her
flesh, tearing and abrading her flesh.

	The motors overhead turned on again as Courtney's body was shifted slightly
so the rope now moved and rubbed raw a new area of her exposed slit.  Her
screams were enjoyment to the ears of the audience as wives and girlfriends
masturbated cocks hard from the torment she was receiving.  Courtney was crying
and sobbing between screams as her body was tortured, the pain beyond reason,
her pussy and anus turned into raw meat.  Michael smiled as he watched her face,
his cock hard. If she thought this was bad, he had more in store for her. 

	Courtney's body was again shifted, this time the other side of her pussy was
now exposed to the rough rope and knots.  Fresh screams burst from her mouth as
new area's received the brutal abrasion of the hemp rope as it moved over her
body.  Michael ran his hand over her thighs, feeling the tension in them as the
rope continually battered her body.

	"High speed, let's hear the bitch really scream," the motors speeding up,
the rope and the knots moving at high speed, blood forming on the rope and
knots, her pussy and anus turning red as the rope burned her delicate skin.

	Courtney burst into a new chorus of screams, her body jerking around, trying
to escape the rope tearing into her body, the rope burying itself into the
tender folds of her pussy.  Courtney bounced around in her bondage, her body in
intense pain.  Courtney finally fainted in pain, her body slumped in bondage. 
Michael turned off the power on the motor, the rope slowly stopping.  The
audience could see the blood running down her thighs, the rope, now red, buried
deep into her spread pussy lips and ass cheeks.

	"Bring her vertical again and revive her.  I am not finished with this cunt
yet," the motors turning Courtney's battered body into the vertical position. 
The rope was pulled for the last time through her pussy, no reaction from the
unconscious Courtney.  Smelling salts were put under her nose, her body jerking
awake, the pain returning to her body.

	Michael stood in front of her, smiling, watching her pain racked eyes trying
to focus.  "Not so much a bitch anymore, are we Courtney."  His hands reached
for her pussy, moving along her bloodied thighs.  Courtney tensed up, knowing
that Michael meant to inflict more pain on her body.  "Yes, I intend to hurt you
more, the audience is waiting for that."  His hand moved between her pussy lips,
the skin ripped raw and bleeding.  Courtney screamed as Michael reopened the
wounds.  His fingers moved into her spread pussy, lubricated by the blood of her
wounds.  He pushed in deep, groans and screams coming from Courtney's lips as
his battered flesh was brutalized.  "Your outside pussy is battered, but your
insides are not.  I wonder what I can do to take care of that."  Courtney
cringed as she realized that Michael intended to torture her more, now her
insides would be brutalized.

	"Bring out the toys."  One of the guards came out and put on the table near
where Courtney was bound an array of various items.  One she recognized the
others she feared.  Among the collection was the clit snapper.  She knew the
pain of that.  Michael began to address the audience.  "Let me explain some of
these delightful toys that were developed especially for Courtney.  They were
designed to maximum the pain she would receive and to inflict the necessary
damage to her body.  When I am finished with torturing our beautiful little
slut, you will have a chance to fuck her, either in her cunt or if you wish, in
her asshole.  I will guarantee that she will fuck back like she is a virgin when
you begin to pound into her battered flesh.  She will scream as each of you rape
her which I am sure you will all enjoy."

	"The first toy is the pussy smasher."  Michael held up a very large dildo
shaped in the form of a cock, except the part that would protrude from her body
when it was forced deep into her cunt was flat and about three inches square. 
"Once inserted into her cunt, I will hit the end of it with this flogger,"
showing the audience a large leather covered paddle.  When it hits the end, an
extension will shoot out the other end, forced out by a powerful spring.  The
extension will extend out an additional six inches into her body.  Once it hits
the end of the extension, six metal barbs will shoot out into the sides of her
pussy like an umbrella.  After about five seconds, the extension will begin to
withdraw back into the dildo, with the barbs still extended.  The barbs are
pointed and will tear into the flesh as they are drawn back.  Once folded back
in, they will again be ready to spring forward again."  Michael watched
Courtney's face, watching the anguish showing, knowing the pain she will soon
feel.

	"The next one is the asshole smasher.  Similar to the pussy smasher, except
the extension is longer, eight inches.  It will shoot deep into the colon. 
Seven barbs are on the extension, a set of four and further down, a set of
three.  They too will tear the flesh as they are pulled back. 

	"Another is the mouth smasher. The only difference is that there are no
barbs on this one.  While I like to tear at the flesh, I still want Courtney to
have the ability to eat.  I want to make sure our little slut lasts a long time. 
The extension will shoot out and this one will force itself into the little
slut's throat.  She will choke and gag."

	"You have all seen the clit snapper.  I also have the nipple snapper. 
Attached to her nipples and once slapped with the flogger, the will bring
excruciating pain to her nipples as they crush them between the serrated teeth.
After ten seconds they will release, bringing about another burst of pain, ready
again."

	Courtney began to scream again as first the clit snapper was attached her
already battered clit.  The nipple snappers were next, her nipples pulled and
twisted until they became erect, the snappers biting deep into them.  The pain
really began when first the asshole smasher was pushed into her anus, than
shoved deep into her rectum.  The pussy smasher was next, tearing into her raw
flesh, stretching her pussy wide until it seated deep inside her. Finally the
mouth smasher was pushed into her mouth as she was screaming in pain.  Her
screams became muffled as her lips were stretched about the dildo.

	"Now that the slut is ready, shall we begin."  Michael stood beside
Courtney, the flogger running over her body, her body twitching as she shrunk
back in fear.  Her eyes widen in fear, tears running down her face.

	Michael drew back his hand, Courtney's eyes on the flogger as he swung it
back and forward again, hitting Courtney in the stomach, knocking the air out of
her.  "Just teasing, where will the next one hit, Courtney," Michael laughing,
the flogger swinging back.  It shot forward, hitting squarely on Courtney's left
nipple snapper.  Her head shot up, a muffled scream from her gagged mouth as her
nipple was crushed.  Michael ran the flogger over the nipple snapper, watching
the shock on Courtney's face.  Michael rubbed the flogger over Courtney's flesh,
getting ready to hit her again.  This time the flogger struck her mouth, the
mouth smasher sending out the extension deep into her mouth.  You could see
Courtney's throat expanding to accept the cruel extension, gagging and choking.

	Michael moved the flogger back to her belly rubbing it over her abdomen and
than suddenly slapping it hard against the clit snapper, pain shooting into her
already battered and torn clit.  The mouth smasher retreated, when Michael
slapped her ass cheeks with the flogger and than hit the asshole smasher. 
Courtney's body shook as the extension shot deep into her colon, the barbs
drawing back, tearing her anal tract as they pulled back.  Michael moved back to
her nipples and this time struck her right nipple.  Courtney's eyes were wide
open as the pain overcame her body.  Michael slapped her thigh, Courtney knowing
that her pussy was next.  The flogger pulled back and slapped hard against the
pussy smasher.  The extension shot out, the barbs tearing into her flesh as they
pulled back in.  Michael moved the flogger over her body, slapping her mouth
again, than her nipple, her asshole and back to her pussy.  Courtney body shook
in pain, Michael continually beating her body.  Her body was torn by the cruel
instruments of torture, Michael smiling as he watched her shake.  His hand
reached out again, the flogger beating into her body, forcing the extensions to
shoot deep into her body, tearing her flesh. 

	Courtney again slumped in her bondage, fainting from the extreme pain. 
Michael stopped beating her body, no longer interested in the torture if he
could not see her anguish.

	"Bring her down and tie her arms to the head of the bed.  We will let
everyone have a chance at raping her again."  A small bed was brought onto the
stage, Courtney was lowered down and tied to the headboard.  One of the guards
stuck smelling salts under her nose and she began to regain consciousness.  She
was groggy but soon realized what was to happen to her. 

	"No more, I hurt so much," she cried.  Her body was a mass of abrasions, her
insides now torn and bleeding.

	The President walked over to her and began to undress.  When he was naked,
he hefted his cock up, grabbed her ankles and spread her legs wide, opening her
pussy.  He knelt down, rubbed his cock over her pussy, Courtney cringing from
the fresh pain.  He pushed the large head of his cock against her pussy and
shoved deep into her.  His cock slid into her, lubricated by her bloody pussy. 
Courtney screamed and her body jerked to get away from the brutal rape of her
pussy.  He followed her body, shoving deep into her before pulling out, forcing
screams from her mouth as he raped deep into her body again.  Courtney's body
was battered as the President raped her until he pumped her bloodied cunt with
his hot cum.

	The next person turned Courtney over, raising her ass high by hooking his
hands under her stomach.  His hands reached for her pussy, grabbing her flesh
with his hand, forcing Courtney to move to escape, pushing her ass back, only to
find his cock pushed against her asshole.  She screamed and tried to move away,
only to meet the punishing hand, forcing her back again, his cock forcing its
way into her asshole, opening her up, forcing her rectum to accept the big cock
stretching her.  He began to rape her asshole, tearing into her, her asshole
clamping down on his cock from the pain, pleasuring her rapist.  The rape of her
asshole continued, blood on the cock of her rapist.  Courtney suffered the rape
of her asshole, continually screaming as her flesh was torn again.  Her rapist
pushed deep into her colon, filling her with his hot cum.

	For the next two hours, Courtney was raped non-stop.  They either took her
in her pussy or in her asshole.  Some took her both at the same time, her body
buffeted by the two cocks raping her.  A third joined in, forcing Courtney to
accept a large cock enter her mouth, holding her head by her ears, forcing his
cock down her throat, gagging and choking her.  After three hours, everyone had
fucked Courtney, some of them twice and she was taken to her cell.  A Doctor was
called in to administer medical care.  They wanted to make sure she lived. 
Michael had many more plans for her.

(To be continued)




{ASSM} THE ENEMY'S DAUGHTER {Powerone and Katie Lynch} MF, nc, rape, bd,
torture, reluc, humiliation, incest.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Enemy's Daughter is a collaboration of Katie Lynch and myself, Powerone.
We hope that by partnering a male and female writer, a better story will appear. 
This is a story of the punishment of a female by the authorities to get back at
what her Father had done to the people in power.  If you liked this story,
please e-mail either one of us.  Controlher@hotmail.com
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 7-Final Chapter


	Courtney lay bound over the stool.  Her wrists where tied to the front
legs and her spread legs were bound tightly to the back.  Her thighs were also
bound to the back legs, making her legs completely immobile.  Her head was
pulled up, a rope tied from her hair back to the other end of the stool, forcing
her to look forward and also allowing complete access to her mouth.  Her ass was
forced up into the air, her anus and pussy spread open, waiting for a hard cock
to enter either passage.

	Courtney whimpered as a hard cock was forced into her mouth, stretching
her lips wide.  She could taste the precum on the cock as her tongue bathed the
head of the cock.  She knew that she would be punished if she did not do a good
job of sucking the cock thrust into her mouth.  She ran her tongue over the
head, bathing it with her saliva.  She wanted it to be wet because she knew it
would soon enter her throat and she would begin to gag and choke.  He always did
that to her.  He liked to see her struggle for oxygen when it filled her throat. 
He would hold it deep in her throat as she struggled, his stomach pressed
tightly against her face, the large cock pulsating in her oral passage. 

	The cock began to push in and out of her mouth, fucking her face like it
was a cunt.  When it pushed in deep, Courtney would choke and gag, her throat
massaging the thick cock.  She could feel it moving inside her, a hand reaching
down to her throat, feeling the cock bulging out her neck.  The hands moved to
the side of her head and moved her head, masturbating the hard cock with her
lips and tongue.  The movements became faster, the cock moving deeper into her
throat with each new thrust.  She knew that the cock was ready to cum and she
would have to swallow the hot, salty, thick cum.  She was punished for not
swallowing it.  She did not want that to happen again.  She sucked the cock, her
tongue bathing the head as she felt it swell and begin to shoot the cum in her
mouth.  The first shot hit on her tongue, her tongue moving over the head,
coaxing out the next shot of cum.  The cock pushed deeper into her mouth, her
throat forced to take it in as she gagged and coughed.  She did not taste the
next load of cum as it shot directly into her stomach as it pulsated in her
throat.  The cock, still hard, pulled from her throat and the last load of cum
shot out onto her tongue.  She bathed the cock with her tongue as she felt it
begin to get soft.  She continued to suck the cock, knowing she was to get it
hard again.  He would fuck her ass or pussy next.  He always did. She did not
like when he fucked her asshole.   His cock was big and her asshole still small,
but he did not care.  He fucked her for his pleasure, not hers.  Sometimes he
would let her cum, but only after he already did.

	She felt the cock begin to harden again.  He always fucked her twice
each night, sometimes three times.  She had learned well.  She was expected to
make the cock hard or she would be punished.  She had been whipped many times. 
He especially liked to pussy whip her.  She would be bound, face up, her legs
spread wide and pulled back, her pussy lips opened wide, her pink pussy exposed. 
Sometimes he would force his cock in her mouth and feel her screams of pain on
his cock as the whip beat her defenseless pussy, tearing into her young flesh. 
The whip would turn the flesh red and tender with the whip often hitting her
exposed clit.  Once her pussy was tender, he would fuck her brutally, forcing
her to feel it bump and lump on his cock as it raped.  She would bounce around,
his body extracting the maximum amount of pain from the rape.  His latest trick
was to gag her and pinch her nostrils closed, stopping all sources of oxygen as
he fucked her.  She would panic and her body would bounce around wildly, giving
him a good ride as he fucked her.  He always let her catch her breath just
before she passed out.  She was not that lucky to escape the rape.  He would
begin again, fucking her brutally, stopping her oxygen and the whole cycle would
begin again until he finally came inside her.

	He pulled his cock from her mouth, her saliva glistening on the hard
cock.  She knew that since this was his second cum, he would fuck her for over
1/2 hour.  She hoped he wouldn't fuck her asshole, it always hurt so much, but
he loved to hear her screams.  She felt him move behind her and felt his hands
grab her hips as he moved between her legs.  He could see that her pussy was
already wet.  No matter how much he hurt her, she was always wet.  His cock
moved up and down her pussy, the pussy juice coating his hard cock.  She could
feel it quiver as it rubbed along her slit.  She felt it push against her pussy,
forcing her open as the hard cock began to enter her body.  She jumped in pain
as she felt the cock enter her.  He had put a French tickler on his cock before
he entered her.  The hard plastic ridge on the rubber rubbed along her tender
pussy as it tore into her flesh.  Her pussy grabbed at it as she was forced to
spread wide to accept the hard cock.  Her pussy was getting too sloppy for his
cock so he had begun to use the French tickler to force her to feel the pain of
the rape.  The cock pushed hard into her, not giving her body a chance to get
used to the size of the cock fucking her.  It pulled out and than pushed back in
again, this time the force of the thrust pushing his cock deep into her pussy
and battering against her cervix, bruising her tender flesh.  Her body jolted in
pain.  His cock jumped inside of her, he enjoyed feeling her pain.

	The cock pulled out from her pussy, her pussy feeling empty.  He fisted
his cock and pushed it against her defenseless anus.  She groaned in pain as the
cock stretched her anus wide, forcing itself inside her.  Her sphincter grabbed
at the cock inside her, trying to force it out.  He pushed again, this time the
head pushing deeper inside of her, the French tickler now tearing at her anal
tract, bringing fresh screams of pain from her lips.  Her body tried to expel
the terrible instrument of pain but only succeeded in massaging it.  The cock
began to fuck her hard, each time forcing itself deeper inside her.  Over four
inches of hard cock was now forced into her rectum.  The next thrust sent six
inches into her, her stomach starting to cramp as it entered her colon.  Finally
all eight inches of hard cock was inside of her body, pulsating.  She could feel
the bump and ridges as it tore into her anal tract, tearing at the tender flesh,
bringing new tears and screams of pain.  Now the fucking began, his hips moving
faster and faster, the cock moving in and out, tearing her flesh as it raped her
asshole.  Hands held her hips tightly as the cock forced her anal tract to
spread each time as it pushed deep into her colon.  His hand slapped her ass,
his signal for her to tighten her asshole on his cock.  He was ready to cum and
expected her to massage his cock with her asshole as he fucked her.  It hurt her
more, but he did not care.  His only concern was for him to cum.  She tightened
on the cock as it pulled from her asshole, waiting for the next tearing thrust
inside her body again.  He gave her an especially hard and brutal thrust that
forced a scream from her lips as the cock pushed deep inside her colon and
stopped.  She felt the cock get bigger, her anal tract forced to expand more as
he began to fill her colon with his hot cum.  First one, than two shot of hot
cum pushed deep inside of her.  She could feel herself filling with the vile cum
as the cock pulsated inside her.  It filled her up and as the softening cock
pulled from her asshole with a pop, some cum leaked out and ran down her thighs
onto the stool.

	Courtney felt hands remove the ropes from her arms and legs and helped
her stand up, her body cramped from the tight bondage.  She could just barely
stand, her asshole stinging from the brutal rape. 

	"Good night, Courtney," Bill Smith said to his daughter.  "You have
college tomorrow, so get a good night sleep.  You must be fresh for your first
day at school.  And don't forget to be on time.  I have the new President coming
over tomorrow night and he has never whipped a pussy on someone as young as you. 
He is going to enjoy hearing you scream." 

	Bill Smith watched as Courtney left the room, his cum dripping down her
thighs, her tight ass moving so sensuously as she went upstairs to her bedroom. 
They had been home for over a month.  The former President had been overthrown
in a bloody coup that killed both him and Michael.  Courtney and him had both
been freed from the jail.  The new President had given him a cabinet position
for all of his work in helping overthrow the old regime and the sacrifices that
they had suffered. 

	When they first got home, Courtney did not adapt very well.  She did not
sleep and was always highly agitated and argumentative.  After a week, Bill
finally had enough and spanked Courtney.  He noticed a change in her, always
trying to provoke him, seemingly forcing him to punish her.  The punishments
increased in time and severity.  Soon, Courtney was stripped by her Father and
forced to accept her punishments naked.  He soon noticed that her pussy was
always wet as he spanked her.  It wasn't long before the punishments became more
severe and included tying Courtney down.  Before long, Bill began to fuck his
daughter.  His cock had always become hard as he punished her and he soon needed
relief.  His naked, bound daughter became his sexual outlet.  He was soon raping
her every night, forcing his cock in her mouth, pussy and asshole.  Her attitude
changed.  After her punishments, she slept like a baby and had just enrolled in
college.  She enjoyed the punishment and abuse. 

	Bill Smith went to bed to dream of the next time he would fuck his
daughter.  As he prepared for bed, his cock began to harden.  Instead of his
bed, he headed for Courtney's room.  He entered the darkened room and slipped
into her bed, pushing up against her ass.  He heard her murmur as he slipped her
pajama bottoms down and his erect cock rubbed against her naked skin.

	"Please, Daddy, I have school," she begged, but his cock had already
slipped into her wet pussy from behind.  She began to fuck back.

The End 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  katie lynch Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





