BDSM Library - The Salesman




The Salesman
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three mature ladies encounter a young salesman.
The Salesman


     He looked at himself in the mirror and for the first time in his life,
became aware of his impending mortality.  The shower had been quite invigorating
but the reality of his stiff joints all too quickly returned.  Now overweight,
with rounded shoulders and a receding hairline, he wondered what his beloved
wife of eight years found appealing in him.  He tried to be a good provider for
her, and had tried to give her everything she had ever asked for even though she
seldom asked.   His second marriage and her third had brought them onto their
own with a cart load of experience and a closet filled with skeletons.  Perhaps
they would never truly experience the burning passions they had once found in
their youth, but their collective wisdom and patience all but assured their
remaining journey through life would be jointly and lovingly shared. 

     Turning from his thoughts, he quickly combed his thinning hair and splashed
on some after-shave that could have stunned a fly at ten yards.   Donning one of
his favorite shirts and his tattered jeans, he slipped his knarled toes into his
loafers and stumbled through the small living room out onto the patio to
retrieve the morning's misinformation.  As he slowly bent down to retrieve the
banded bundle, he heard a muffled exclamation from the kitchen and quickly
straightened his complaining frame to check-in on Angie's breakfast
preparations.  She was standing with her back towards him as he entered the
bright kitchen, mumbling something incoherent as she stared into the open
refrigerator. 

     "Morning, my love," he spoke non-committedly.

     "We are out of sausage," she exclaimed; "I thought we picked some up from
the market yesterday!"


     "Oh we did," he returned gently, "but remember you gave it to your daughter
last night?"

     "That's right," she sighed then paused, "What would I do without you Sam?"

     "I suspect you'd have a much better night-life," he chuckled as he eased
his frame on to his favorite chair that overlooked the bird feeder hung
precariously in the old oak tree on the corner of the property.   

     She smiled to herself and grasped the packet of opened bacon before she
closed the refrigerator and returned to the stove where the grease in the
skillet was beginning to spackle and hiss from the low flame that had been
teasing it to life. 

     "If only he knew," she thought, as she leaned against the counter and
brushed some stray hair from in front of her field of vision; "If only he knew." 
Her mind wandered to the recent conversations she had shared with her two best
friends Betty and Vera just a few days before. 


     It had began, as it normally does, at their weekly get together at Betty's
home several months back.  Her deceased husband had left her a substantial
estate in the more affluent part of town and Betty was almost constantly asking
her two closest friends over to combat the loneliness she never full learned to
deal with effectively.  Betty was formerly a registered nurse and had spent much
of her career working with the hospital pharmacist.  She had been one of the
first individuals in her area to secure a trial dose of Viagra, and tried, with
little effect, to reawaken the passion in her marriage.  Her husband was far
more interested in the pictures of little hairless pussies he could find on the
Internet and seldom showed interest in his over weight wife unless either shamed
or driven by his own desperation.  Despite his throbbing hardness, his motions
were often lifeless, and, on several occasions, he fell asleep on top of her in
the midst of their lovemaking.  Betty soon learned to manipulate cucumbers with
far more personal fulfillment and thereafter always kept several of them in the
vegetable tray of her refrigerator. 

     Because of Betty's work experience, she had learned the effects and
contraindications of virtually every medication available to the public.  One
such natural medicine, made from the leaves of a rare South American bush, could
actually make its user oblivious to their sensations while their body continued
to function and respond normally to any given stimuli.  The leaves were very
expensive to obtain, but the serum was so potent that one drop could render a
300-pound individual oblivious to the world about them for hours with no
lingering side effects. With each leaf producing up to several tablespoons of
the clear odorless and tasteless elixir, it really was a practical investment,
especially when the pain of arthritis was figured in.

     Vera, on the other hand, had led a care free non-committal life; bounding
from one relationship to another while accepting most any offer of employment
she was given.  Her resilient, bubbly nature actually hid a keen intelligence
that only experience could provide.  Now, well past her prime, she had a
substantial portfolio comprised of funds she had meticulously stashed from her
earnings and she nurtured enough memories for two life times.  If the truth were
ever revealed, she had known far more men than most could ever imagine yet her
witty and positive demeanor was far more appropriate for that of a virgin
schoolgirl.  

 	On this particular get together, as their conversations swirled about their
offspring and current events, Betty seemed to become more and more edgy,
actually snapping in response twice before Angie finally cornered her
uncomfortable friend.


     "Honey, this is not like you, what's really on your mind," implored Angie
lovingly.

     "Oh, Dearie, I don't know; maybe it's just the weather.  You know my bones
have begun hurtin' a little more than usual lately - maybe I need some more
calcium in my diet," Betty replied wistfully.  It was apparent that something
else was truly bothering her that pricked Vera's almost immediate response.

     "Try taking some of that elixir you gave me last week, Betty - or better
yet, why don't you get a man to administer some of his special elixir where it
would do you both most good!"

     "Why Vera, how could you. . ." her voice trailed as Vera quickly
interjected another question."

     "How long has it been anyway, Betty," she asked as she leaned forward in
the stout wooden rocker where she always positioned herself during their
get-togethers. 

     "Well, if you must know, Vera, I haven't been with a man since my beloved
Henry died."

     A stunned silence filled the air, and far off one could hear a dog barking
gleefully as the mailman approached.  After a long pause, Angie spoke softly,
almost in a whisper.

     "It's been some time for me too, Betty; Sam seems to have lost what little
he once had." 

     "Well, while everyone's feeling sorry for themselves, I might as well join
in;" quipped the effervescent Vera, "I haven't held a cock in my hand for so
long, that I'm getting wet just gazing at Jimmy Deans Sausage links in the
fridge!"
    
     The three girls burst out laughing simultaneously, and with the tension
eased their conversation resumed on a much lighter note.  That was when the
young stranger with a small attache case rounded the corner out front and
strolled confidently to the patio where the three girls sat.  He was tall, young
and lean, with a smile brighter than a summers day and a body that reeked of
conditioning and muscle tone.  The girls immediately fell silent and drifted
into their own silent fantasies.

     "Hi there ladies, could I take a moment of your time to tell you about a
revolutionary new product on the market guaranteed to help you through your day? 
It's called Herbavida and is filled with all the vitamins your bodies require to
maintain a normal balance in todays world of contaminants complete with
anti-oxidants and Gingko, which has been. . ."

     "Can it, lover boy," interjected Vera forcefully, "You want us to buy some
of that chemical crap, you best drop your drawers!"

     "Ma'am, I. . ."

     "You're sellin', I'm buyin' if the price is right," Vera insisted.

     "Well I. . ."

     "Well then hustle your butt inside boy, and you best be ready to deliver or
will kick your baby-makers from here to Dalton (a town some 50-miles north on
the interstate)," insisted Vera as Betty and Angie sat petrified while trying to
hide their shock.


     "C'mon girls, let's get some," urged the ornery Vera as she gestured to the
girls with one arm while pointing to the front door with the other.  As the
girls began to shakily arise from their chairs, she barked out another set of
orders; "Angie, try to get that young stud hard and Betty, hustle up some of
that elixir you got and mix it in some of your fine lemonade for him."

     Entranced, the girls walked slowly into the house and Betty walked silently
for the hall closet as Angie entered the study and turned slowly to the
trembling young boy.  Silently, she  gestured for him to remove his pants. 
Timidly, he undid his belt buckle and popped the button on the waistband.  As he
tugged at the zipper, his pants slid around his ankles revealing the pure white
jockeys that were a delightful contrast to his well-tanned skin.  His legs were
smooth and well muscled and the little bulge in the pouch of his jockeys was
already showing initial signs of arousal amidst the cool air. 

     "Well let see what you got, stud," commanded Vera as she strolled into the
room garbed with only a flimsy slip while holding a long serrated knife in one
hand and the kitchen towel in the other.  "Now I don't plan on using this
thing," she admonished as she pointed the knife towards him deliberately,
"Unless you start thinking that any other women could screw you better than we
can.  Hey Betty," she called, "Where's that lemon aid anyway?"

     Angie shivered and spoke softly, gazing at the salesman knees as they
visibly trembled.   "Let's not do this Vera; can't you see he's frightened, and
I really don't feel comfortable raping him."  Betty entered the study with a
large glass of tainted lemon aid; the ice cubes clanked irritatingly in the
glass as she handed it to the trembling lad.


     "Listen ladies," Vera soothed as she gestured for them all to be seated on
the sofa, "Let's take a look at what we have here.  This young man has probably
penetrated more young ladies that we'd even care to think about."  The boy shook
his head emphatically as Vera continued; "We were just talking about our lost
love lives that only youth can restore - in thirty or forty years he's going to
be another lifeless dick like your husband Angie - let's get it while we still
can.  And I don't think this young stud would really mind giving us a little of
his cream if we buy some of this herbal crap he's selling - heck it gives him
bragging rights to impress all of his friends, or at least those who want to
believe him!   Look, don't you think it's strange that just as we were talking
about what's missing, it strolls around the corner.  The Lord helps those who
help themselves and I, for one, plan to get a sizeable serving of what's being
offered."  With that, she reached over and quickly ripped the shorts off of the
youthful body.

     Betty and Angie gasped at his nakedness; the small dark patch of pubic
curls that surrounded the hairless ball sack and the tender young cock the hung 
lifelessly.   Vera pulled the sweater up and over his head as he held his arms
straight up revealing the firm pecs and the slim tummy.  He was in excellent
muscle tone with muscles that rippled beneath his tanned skin in a symphony of
eroticism.  Betty instinctively reached forward to the small purple cock head
and began to massage it's circumcised nakedness as the white shaft began to
swell with blood.  Vera began to caress his firm round cheeks lovingly, allowing
her fingers to slip delicately into the cleft and slide down to grasp the
reddened ball sack as the two almond shaped gonads disappeared into his youthful
torso.  Angie sat back and gazed at the erotic display unfolding in front of
her, feeling the moisture between her legs began to saturate her underwear as
her hand slipped under her blouse to caress her engorged nipple.


     As Betty and Vera continue to encourage his arousal, he downed the lemonade
nervously, keenly aware that he was rapidly approaching his release thanks to
the skillful manipulations of Bettys experienced caresses.  He had fondled girls
his age before, but never experienced the  pleasure he was feeling now.  Just as
the girls began to sense their own arousal, the frightened lad shrieked as a
long stream of his seed shot high into the air to splatter across the coffee
table.  A second stream cascaded across Betty's hand and Vera moved into a
position to take the throbbing cock into her mouth.  As she sucked on the
swollen head, her hand desperately pumped the softening shaft to coax the last
of his seed from within as he fell to his knees in orgasmic exhaustion. 
Apparently the lemon aid contained too much of the numbing elixir, and within
moments the young stud lay lifeless on the carpet with his tongue hanging from
one side of his mouth.

     "Well ain't that just like a man," sighed Vera as she wiped her mouth and
stumbled back to sit on a chair, just as you get a rise out of them they fall
asleep on you."  She shook her head disappointingly and stared at the spongy
mass between his legs as a drop of cum formed in his meatus.  "I don't know
about you ladies, but aside from his cute buns, he's not really all that
impressive in the meat department!"  With that, she seized the knife from the
end table and with one lung she was on his torso, grasping the shriveled flesh
with one hand while positioning the knife along the base of his cock with the
other. 

     "Wait," screamed Angie, "He's not fully mature - give him a chance.  .   ,"
her voice trailed as Vera vigorously sawed through the tender young flesh.  The
tubes and supporting ligaments gave way readily to the sharp blade as blood
began to ooze from the gaping wound.  Vera crammed the towel into his groin and
turned towards the horrified face of Betty.


     "Sweetie, get a thread and needle would you?" Then she turned to Angie and
asked calmly, "Do you know anyway we can preserve this little sausage, we know
how to use it a lot better than he does!"  Angie sat horrified, unable to move
at the spectacle she had just witnessed, but Betty had enough discipline to
sense the urgency, and she quickly dashed out of the room only to return moments
later with a small needle trailing several yards of nylon thread.  Handing the
needle to Vera, she turned on her heel and disappeared down the hall and into
the kitchen.

     Still trying to recollect her senses, Angie watched Vera stitch the back of
the severed genitals closed first, delicately plunging the needle through the
open end of the severed flesh to secure the gonads into the ball sack.  She then
stitched the closed ball sack to the severed end of his cock.  Vera began to hum
to herself as she removed the blood stained towel from the still oozing wound,
and began to sew the raw meat together quickly, pausing to wipe the accumulating
sweat from her forehead on several occasions.  Leaving a small opening where the
urethral tube had been severed, she sewed the hole closed evenly, taking extra
precautions to insure the skin wasn't puckered or overlapping.  As Vera finished
dabbing the last droplets of oozing blood, Betty returned with a mayonnaise jar
filled with vinegar, pectin, and spices to help preserve the now lifeless meat
the lay on the coffee table in a pool of its own cum.  Vera lovingly picked up
the discolored cock and dropped it into the solution, screwing the lid on
securely before returning to the sofa to sit next to the petrified Angie.  Betty 
joined them as they sat wordlessly for the better part of an hour.   

     Later in the day after the lad awakened, the girls purchased all of the
Herbavida he had in his briefcase and gave him a generous portion of the elixir
Betty had extracted to help ease the pain.  With antibiotics and thorough
instructions in bandaging and cleansing, they sent the terrified salesman back
into the world fully aware that they disavowed any knowledge of his presence or
the whereabouts of his missing genitals.  Vera drove home with the genitals in a
jar, Angie went home in a daze, and Betty cleaned up the remaining jism from the
coffee table and floor along with a few drops of spilled blood.  All three were
sworn to secrecy and bound to one another more intimately than to their own
Mothers.  The young man never revealed the cause of his nullification and
disappeared into an obscure eunuch community just outside of Dalton.
    
     As for now, Angie was happy with Sam; he was so easy to get along with that
she could hardly think of living her life without him.  But as she stabbed at
the bacon with a tarnished fork, she silently wished she hadn't given the link
sausages away to her daughter as they were now so instrumental in feeding her
memories.   She would be going to visit her friends Vera and Betty this
afternoon.  Maybe they would once again discuss the memory of the dickless
salesman, and the lifeless sausage he had sacrificed that now rested so placidly
on the bottom shelf in Vera's refrigerator.  Or maybe they would just sit
quietly on the patio and try to imagine what the next unsuspecting salesman
might bring. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





