BDSM Library - The Engagement




The Engagement
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young very religious couple get lost on the day that they are engaged. The come across a house in the middle of nowhere & are invited in, while the owner sends his man to fix there car. The couple almost immediately becomes incensed as there is a Master/Slave party going on, with most of the women not wearing very much in the way of clothing, and are allowing themselves to also be used in any fashion that their master wants. The owner gets mad at the couple for not acting like proper guests and desides that they will spend the next year with him, becoming submissive slaves. The girl is taken and after being forced to take some pills, is shaved, showered and redressed like a slut. Her boyfriend is taken downstairs, stripped and fitted with a very tight cock cage, that won't allow him to become permanently erect. After both are returned to the party, the host fucks the girl friend while her boyfriend is forced to watch, and due to the pills, really enjoys it, after which she is gang banged by every male there, again while the boy friend watches. The boy friend is given the opportunity to leave without his girl friend or get down on his own hands and knees and get fucked in the ass while sucking on another cock. The story gets deeper, as they turn the girl friend into a cock crazed whore, who will take a cock anywhere, even after they stop forcing her to take the pills, and the boy friend is turned into a faggot, who can't even get an erection while being with a woman, only when he is either sucking a cock or getting butt fucked. Just before releasing them, they are married, both wearing white wedding dresses, those her's is a maternity wedding dress. Their host forces them to consumate their wedding vows in a bed right in the middle of where they were married. Of course, since he can't get it up with her, every other male at the party fucks her until they can't get their cocks up anymore. The 2 are then knocked out, and when they come to, they are in their church, tied together naked, back to back, with pictures of what they've been through for the last year all over the floor. The church doors are opened by their preacher, their parents and most of the congregation, as their former host has told them all to go to the church. Great story! A got to read one!
                              The Engagement
M+/F, M+M, M-solo, Wife, Mdom, nc, mc, bd, tg, voy, cbt, oral, anal, exhib


--- Copyright ) 1997 - All Rights Reserved ---

- WARNING - WARNING - WARNING -

This is a work of pornographic fiction intended for adults only. It
describes sexual acts and behavior in explicit and graphic detail. Only
read this story if you are aware of the laws concerning pornography in
your place of residence and you have reached the age of sexual consent there.

DISCLAIMER:
The attached document is a three part story (The Engagement), this story is 
entirely fictional. The characters, places and events depicted in this story 
are not intended to represent or resemble any real persons, places, or 
events. Any such resemblance is purely coincidental.

This story is a work of extremely explicit and graphic sexual fantasy. The 
depiction of any act in this story, including, but not limited to, 
non-consensual sexual activity, oral/anal/vaginal sex, heterosexual and
homosexual acts, use of drugs and other mind-altering substances on an
unwilling or unknowing human being, and degradation, humiliation or
enslavement of a human being should not be construed to imply that the
author condones the performance of said act, either on the author's part
or on the part of anyone else.

IF YOU ARE NOT OF LEGAL AGE IN YOUR PLACE OF RESIDENCE TO READ AND
VIEW PORNOGRAPHIC MATERIAL, OR THE PRESENCE OF ANY OF THE ACTIONS
LISTED IN THE SECOND PARAGRAPH, ABOVE, OFFEND YOU, DO NOT READ THIS
STORY.

This is the first 3 chapters of a story I have written. At present there
are only three chapters available - I may write more if asked nicely! 
Note:   This story is a work of FICTION.  The story, names, and events
depicted in this story are fantasy, and no names are changed, as no one
is innocent or real in this story.  IF YOU ARE NOT OF LEGAL AGE TO 
READ SEXUALLY EXPLICIT ADULT CONTENT STORIES, DO NOT
READ FURTHER.  Also, if you are offended by consentual adults enriching 
their lives and/or fantasies, or if you have a religious / moral / anti-pornography 
agenda, please go away. You have been thoroughly warned. This is heavy stuff.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




"The Engagement" - Chapter 1

 "Oh yes, my love!" Mary looked deep in John's eyes as he slipped the
diamond engagement ring on her finger. He had just proposed, and she had
immediately accepted. His lips found hers and they kissed tenderly.
John's tongue tentatively probed inside her and she allowed it for a
moment before breaking off the kiss. They were going to be married,
after all, but their strict religious upbringing meant neither of them
would let things get out of control until their wedding night. They were
both devout young Christians from good families, and although they had
been highschool sweethearts for years, neither had seen each other
naked. Aside from the one time they got a little carried away and
actually French kissed while John nervously stroked Mary's firm breasts
for a few moments, the pair really were saving themselves for marriage.

"Come on, we'd better try and find our way home. Our families will be
getting worried.." John spoke, and started clearing the remains of their
picnic. They had gone for a drive in the countryside on a lazy
summer's afternoon, it was a Saturday, and very peaceful. They had not
seen another soul for hours.
They took a few wrong turns, and drove down endless country roads for
nearly two hours before realizing they were completely lost. They had
seen no living soul, nor even street signs to help them out. Finally, to
make things even worse, the car broke down. The engine made some funny
noises and slowly died. John tried to restart the car, to no avail. It
eventually coasted to a halt and the young couple looked at each other.
John spoke first. "We'll have to see about getting to a telephone. There
must be a farmhouse or something around here." She nodded agreement,
they locked the car and looked around. The woods were thick here, and
they could see no sign of civilization. John shrugged and lead the way
in the direction they had been traveling.

About half a mile up the road, they came across a mailbox by what had to
be a driveway leading into the forest. It was a long driveway, a few
minutes later their spirits lifted as a large, rambling mansion with
several outbuildings came into view. They walked up to the front door
and knocked.

A few moments later, an attractive blonde opened the door, she was
wearing a traditional maid's costume. She looked John and Mary up and
down and raised an eyebrow. "Yes? How can I help you?." she enquired.

John cleared his throat and explained that their car had broken down, he
asked to use the telephone to call the nearest garage. The woman didn't
react, she just stared at him blankly. John was starting to get uneasy, but
couldn't quite put his finger on what caused his concern. The woman
stepped aside and waved John and Mary into the large tiled entrance
hall. Majestic twin staircases swept up to a large mezzanine where a
tall man stood, a glass of champagne in his hand. Wearing a tuxedo, he
was ruggedly handsome, about forty years old. His temples showed just
enough grey hair to look distinguished.

"Welcome to my humble home. What a pleasant surprise! I was just
entertaining some friends. Come, you must join us for a cool drink." He
beckoned with one hand. John and Mary glanced at each other and shrugged.

"Thank you, that would be nice." John accepted on their behalf and the
young couple mounted the stairs. John shook the man's hand and
introduced himself and Mary. 

"Charmed." the man murmured as he bowed and brushed his lips on Mary's 
hand. "My name is Robert Stevens III." He turned and led the way through 
beautifully paneled double doors and they found themselves in a large living 
room. There were perhaps twenty men and women standing and sitting 
around, drinks in hand. They were all dressed to the hilt, and Mary felt a 
little uncomfortable in her plain sun dress. Standing in each corner of the
 room were large, muscular black men, obviously man servants by their dress.
The man snapped his fingers and another maid appeared instantly. 

"June, please fetch our guests some lemonade." She too was wearing a 
maid's costume, with a very short skirt, petticoats, seamed stocking, high 
heels and a little apron. The look was completed by a little starched cap. 
John tried not to stare as she sashayed toward a wet bar.

"I'm sorry - we didn't mean to interrupt your party." he apologized to
his host. "Nonsense. You're most welcome to join us, this is just an
informal little gathering to celebrate the engagement of two friends."
He glanced at an attractive young couple seated nearby. They smiled and
nodded at John and Mary. Mary gushed. "Congratulations! As a matter of
fact, John proposed to me today!" She raised her hand and displayed her
engagement ring.

The maid returned with a silver tray and served them tall, frosted
glasses of lemonade. Mr. Stevens noticed John's eyes staring at the
collar she wore, made of black velvet, it had a small golden padlock
dangling from it. A sly little smile played on the man's lips. "She's
quite lovely, isn't she. One of my favorite little slaves, and quite
exotic. The lock is of course symbolic, she couldn't imagine a life
without her Master. Could you, dear?." The maid spoke for the first
time. "No, Master." Their host dismissed her and waved a hand at the
other guests. "She is not alone, as you can see, my friends share my
proclivities." They could now see that scattered among the other guests
were several women with similar collars to the maids, each with a little
padlock.

John and Mary were dismayed. John found his voice first, and handed his
drink to his host. 'That's enough. We're leaving now. You people are a
bunch of sick perverts. Come on, Mary." He took his fiancee by the arm
and steered her toward the door. Their little scene had been noticed by
all the other guests, who watched silently.

"Not so fast, young man." The man's voice was harsh, commanding. John
turned. "I think you need to learn a lesson or two, you are very quick
to judge my friends and I - in my own house, no less." John snorted in
disgust and turned to leave. The man snapped his fingers and suddenly,
strong arms seized the young couple from behind. Mary screamed in fright
and the black manservant quickly clapped his hand over her mouth. He
held her wrists pinned easily behind her. John struggled fiercely but
the two burly servants holding him were far too strong, he surrendered
as their master walked up.
"I think you'll be enjoying my hospitality for quite a bit longer than
you expected. I shall enjoy instructing you in the ways of the real
world. Your self-righteous hypocrisy angers me, when I'm done with you,
it will have disappeared. Count on that!" John tried to hide his terror.
His voice shook as he spoke. "You must be crazy. You can't just hold us
prisoner here!"

The man chuckled wryly. "Oh, but I can you see. And quite easily. He 
turned to the other guests, who had gathered in a large circle and were
watching the proceedings with great interest. "Don't you all agree?"
There was a ripple of laughter that sounded very sinister to John. These
people were all in on some little secret, and John didn't dare imagine
what that might be. "Listen mister, you're all crazy!" John got no
further before the man struck him hard in the stomach and left him
gasping for air.

"Your first lesson, young man is that I am not 'mister'. In fact, I am Master,
and you shall address me that way from now on. You will only speak when 
spoken to, and you will show proper respect at all times. The same applies 
to you, young lady."

He spoke to the servant holding Mary. "Take them away. You know what to
do." He turned away contemptuously and rejoined his other guests as the
three strapping black servants led John and Mary from the room. The
fourth, a man named Charles who was the Major Domo in charge of the
other servants, remained and listened carefully as his master issued
detailed instructions before rejoining his guests.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MARY

Mary had never been so scared in her life, and she had to fight to keep
from wetting herself, as the big black man dragged her away from John.
He took her to a bedroom and locked her inside before leaving. She
looked around the room. It seemed to be a fairly average room, with a
king size bed and nice furnishings, except that the windows were all
barred, suggesting this house had held reluctant guests before. 

Mary turned at the sound of the door. One of the black men entered, 
along with the submissive maid she had seen earlier. "My name is 
Charles, and I believe you've already been introduced to June. We're 
here to get you ready for the Master. Please undress."

Mary stared at him. "Do as you're told, miss. Either way, you will strip
naked, but if you cooperate, it'll be a lot easier on you."  He stared
back, and it was obvious to her that he meant it. Behind the man, June
looked at her and nodded, as if to warn Mary of what would happen if she
did not comply. 

Slowly, she stripped down to her bra and panties. "All of it." Charles ordered.
Humiliated, she obeyed and stood before them. Charles now turned to June. 
"You know what to do. Prepare this girl for the Master." Leaving Mary in her
expert hands, Charles left to attend to other business, locking the door behind
him. It didn't take him long to find the couple's abandoned car and hot wire it,
a trick he had learned in his youth, spent in city slums. He parked the car in a 
large barn behind the house and closed the doors. Tomorrow, he would push 
the vehicle over a cliff into a nearby river, making sure it exploded. When the
police found the wreck, they would assume the occupants' bodies had been 
washed away. It was not the first time he had helped his Master make people
disappear.

Taking Mary by the hand, June led her into the bathroom and ran a hot tub for
her. She made Mary immerse herself in the musky scented water and began to
shave her legs, arms and armpits. Finally, she shaved between Mary's legs and
around her anus. Mary knew better than to protest, and when the woman was 
finished Mary's body was completely hairless.

Drying her off, the woman led Mary to the dressing table, where she fixed
Mary's face and hair. As Mary watched her reflection in the large mirror, 
she saw herself gradually being transform into a rather slutty-looking
woman, the kind of woman she and her religious friends scorned, with big
hair, and heavy make-up. She had never worn makeup in her life, and she
found it hard to believe how the thick coat of bright red lip gloss made
her lips seem fuller.

Finally, she was made to dress in a lacy white garter belt, matching seamed 
stockings, opera-length silk gloves and very high heels. She could barely 
maintain her balance in her shoes, the heels were so high. She looked around, 
but could see no other articles of clothing. June guessed her thoughts and 
confirmed them. "That's right honey, these are all the clothes you'll be needing."

Charles had returned from his errand and had been watching impassively.
He now stepped forward and handed Mary a glass of water and several
pills. She looked at them. They were all different shapes and colors. 

"What are these?" she asked the man with a tremor in her voice. 

"Think of them as vitamin tablets, they'll make things easier for you later," 
he intoned, "So just take them, and shut up." 

Reluctantly, she did as she was told and was then led from the room. She 
had barely taken a dozen steps before she started feeling dizzy.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

JOHN

My mind reeled as I was carried away by those two silent gorillas. I
struggled when the other guy led Mary away, but there was nothing I could
do. I called out to her. "Be brave honey, remember I love you!" Her
eyes pleaded silently as she was firmly marched around a corner.
I was to find out later what these weirdos were all about. Basically,
they liked to play sex games. Kinky sex games. Robert Stevens was a very
wealthy man. Semi-retired, he had the time and resources to dedicate to
his hobbies, and a network of like minded friends to play with. Bondage/
Discipline and Sadism/Masochism featured prominently in their sport,
although they were all basically dominant. Their slaves were not
considered part of the group as such, they were mere playthings, not
humans in their masters' eyes.

The two man servants took me down to the cellar of the house and into a
special room. When they turned on the light, I saw that it had been fitted
out like some kind of weird dungeon.

They locked heavy leather cuffs around my wrists and attached them to a
hook hanging from the tall ceiling by a heavy chain. I pleaded for my
freedom, but my only reward was to have a red rubber ball gag forced
between my teeth and buckled into place behind my head. One of them
walked over to the nearest wall, where some kind of pulley arrangement
connected to the ceiling hook. He started cranking, and I winced as my
feet left the floor and my wrists and shoulders took all of my weight.

One of them produced a switchblade and I froze. My mind whirled
terror-struck as he approached me again. My relief was almost tangible
when he only used it to cut all my clothes off, although I wasn't
exactly thrilled at hanging naked from the ceiling before two strange
black men.

The other man opened a small refrigerator in a corner of the dungeon and
removed a small metal case. He opened it to reveal a hypodermic syringe,
with which he carefully drew some kind of clear liquid from a small
vial. He tapped the syringe to clear it of any air bubbles. What was that
stuff? I was helpless to resist as he deftly plunged it into my buttock
and injected me with the drug. It took effect almost immediately, and I
lost consciousness.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


As soon as his body slumped to hang motionless from the ceiling hook,
the two black men prepared him for what was to follow. One of them
carefully shaved John's groin and swabbed his penis with alcohol while
the other sterilised some surgical instruments. He went over to a chest
of drawers and studied the contents of the top drawer. Satisfied, he
removed a tiny padlock and what apeared to be a stainless steel sheath
of some sort, about three inches long, one inch in diameter and lined on
the inside with sharp little studs.

He fit it over John's now shaven, flaccid penis. One end fit smoothly
against the base of his cock, and the other sat snugly under the crown.
The man had to stretch John's cock a little, but that was the whole
idea. It was a perfect fit. He pulled a bit of flesh from below the head
John's penis, where there was a small gap in the shining cylinder, and
asked his comrade to hold it, stretched into place with a pair of surgical
tongs. Finally, he produced a thick needle and carefully ran it through
the stretched fold of flesh. He threaded the hasp of the padlock through
the newly pierced penis and clicked it shut. John's was now locked into
a steel sheath that would prevent him from gaining a full erection, and,
in fact, the studs lining the shaft would torture his poor cock if he
started to become erect.

Finally, they lowered John from the ceiling and dressed him in a larger
version of the maid's costume that June wore, complete with a garter belt,
sheer seamed stockings and 5" black patent leather, stilettoed high heeled 
shoes. His humiliation would be complete. 

Their work done, they waited patiently for John to regain consciousness.
That didn't take very long, and they laughed out loud at the look of
horror on his face when he realized what they had done to him. "Well my
boy, there'll be some cocks spewing later on, but your's won't be one of
'em! The Master will only remove that sheath for his pleasure and
amusement, not yours!"

They were still chuckling as they fastened his cuffed wrists together
behind his back. They took him back to the living room where his fiancee
was on her hands and knees in the center of the floor.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MARY

They took me back to the living room. I was hideously embarrassed.  I
mean, I wasn't wearing any clothes! The outfit they'd made me wear left
my private parts and breasts totally exposed, and they'd even shaved
away what little modesty my pubic hair would have afforded me.
But I soon forgot about that, in fact, I soon forgot about everything. I 
didn't know what was in those pills that they gave me, but it must have
been a pretty powerful cocktail as it was impossible to think, or 
concentrate on anything. I felt strangely docile and I felt an unfamiliar
moisture between my legs and my body was very relaxed. My escorts 
didn't need to hold me or anything, I went obediently where they told me,
like an mindless sheep. When we entered the living room, all the men 
and women, and my Master, were still there, except that they had changed
their clothes. None of the men wore anything, and it was only the mind
numbing effects of the drugs that kept me from shutting my eyes at the 
spectacle. The women were all dressed much like I was, like sluts. I was 
told to get on my hands and knees on the floor, which I did. That's pretty
much the last thing I remember before my mind blacked out completely,
but Master later showed me a videotape of what happened next.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter Two contains the following themes: M+/f, FF/f, M+/m,
M+/ts, wife, nc, mc, b&d, M dom, forced transexualism, voyeur




                     The Engagement - Chapter 2

When John was led into the room, he was confronted with a scene that almost 
drove him out of his mind. Had he not been bound and gagged, he would have 
screamed his outrage and attacked his captors. 

"Ah there you are, young man. Just in time for your second lesson of the 
day." Master stood naked, his half-erect penis dangling inches from Mary's 
painted lips. 

She didn't seem to notice him, staring intently at Master's impressive tool. 
They had dressed her and made her up to look like a cheap whore, and John 
couldn't help but stare at her nakedness. He had never seen her body before, 
and frankly the way she looked right now was a complete turn-on for the young 
man. Despite himself, he felt his penis stir.

"Put him over there." the Master pointed, "and make sure he's nice and 
comfortable. This is going to be a long show, and I don't want him to miss a 
single moment of it." 

John's two guards marched him to the corner of the room and forced him to 
kneel on all fours. One of the men fetched a strange piece of equipment and 
brought it over. It consisted of three long steel tubes attached together in 
the shape of an "H" with short lengths of chain between them. They clipped 
John's wrists to either end of one tube, forcing his arms three feet apart. 

Producing a pair of wide leather cuffs, they fastened his ankles to another 
bar and he was fully immobilized, kneeling like a dog on the floor with his 
arms and legs forced wide apart. Around him, the guests watched and made
snide comments about John's attire, and he blushed with humiliation. 

"Excellent," spoke his host, "I see we are now ready to proceed. John, I 
understand that you are to marry this lovely young lady. Of course, my 
friends and I want your marriage to be a long and happy one. A very important 
factor in marriage is an active sex life." He paused for effect and some of 
his guests tittered. Reaching down with both hands, he began to gently caress 
Mary's face and hair. She mewled and began to rock back and forth, turning 
her face to meet his strokes. "Something tells me that you both have very little
sexual experience, so today we're going to do you a favor and demonstrate a 
variety of sexual  techniques which will no doubt prove highly educational for
you." He smiled  benignly and brought his hands behind Mary's head. 

And then, to John's horror, brought the tip of his large cock right up to Mary's
lips. "That's right dear, I want you to take this penis into your mouth and suck
it  like a lollipop. Go on now and do it."

Mary no longer had any conscious idea of where she was or what she was doing. 
The pills had reduced her to a trance-like state where she was aware of 
nothing except the delicious sensations her body sent to her brain. The nice 
man asked her to put his thing in her mouth, and she felt completely natural 
as she obeyed him.

John could not bear to watch and screwed his eyes shut. Charles had been 
expecting that and was keeping a close eye on the young man. John's eyes 
sprang open when the big black man delivered a stinging blow to his upturned 
ass cheeks with a rod. "Master wants you to watch and so you will watch!"

John blinked away the tears from his eyes as he helplessly watched his 
innocent, virginal fiancee fellate this monster's fat erection. The man let 
go of her head but she kept up her constant sucking, her head bobbing up and 
down and gradually taking more and more of him until she was deep-throating 
him, the very base of his large prick touching her nose with every stroke.

The Master cupped her firm breasts with his hands as he began to knead and fondle 
them.  Her whole body shuddered when he tweaked her fat nipples and she moaned. 
"Damn!" John thought. "What in the hell is she doing?" He was too far away to see 
the drugged glaze in his beloved's eyes. He could find no other answer but that she 
must actually be enjoying herself. John's humiliation was intense.  

Soon, the man's cock was rock-hard and he told the girl to stop sucking. John 
could see that his tool was much larger than his own, perhaps ten inches long 
and very thick. The man moved around behind Mary and stroked her shaven 
pussy. She made little animal noises of lust and wriggled her delicious ass 
against him. Grinning broadly, he held up his hand for all to see, her juices 
glistening thickly on his fingers.

"That is what we call foreplay. Now for the main event." He positioned the 
fat crown of his cock against Mary's dripping snatch and spreading her lips 
with one hand, he slowly penetrated her. A look of pure delight covered his 
face when the tip of his cock encountered her hymen. "Ladies and gentlemen,
I  have a rare treat for you all today. This lovely young lady is virgo intacta, 
and we shall have the pleasure of bringing her into full womanhood. As your 
host, it is only fitting that I go first." 

And with those words, he jerked his hips forward and burying the entire length 
of his rod inside Mary's pussy. She yelped a little as he took her cherry, 
but she was too far gone to feel any real pain. She responded passionately, 
wriggling her ass and moving for him as their Master fucked her hard.

John couldn't help but see and hear everything in perfect detail, as his 
captor invited his guests to join in from his forced kneeling position. Mary's
mouth was filled with another fat cock. She performed like a seasoned gang 
bang slut, taking a cock at either end and obviously loving it. John could see
her body shake as she was overwhelmed by the first of many powerful orgasms.
The pain he felt was soul-destroying. What had they done to his beloved fiancee?
He felt as though she were betraying him.

His own body betrayed him next. Despite his horror at the goings on, he was 
getting excited himself, but was unable to become fully erect. The sharp studs 
lining his steel penis sheath saw to that, keeping him in a painful half-erect state. 

His captor noticed and laughed. "Oh look, our little man seems to be enjoying 
his lessons. Excellent. I think it's time he experienced what his lovely bride-to-
be so obviously enjoys!" The assembled guests laughed. "Remove the gag," the
man ordered the man servants. "Young man, you are truly fortunate. Your 
future wife has a splendidly tight vagina. She is one of the best fucks I've ever 
had. Of course, you'll just have to take my word for that!" 

Everyone laughed, except for John, and Mary who continued fucking and sucking 
like the slut they had turned her into. 

"Just imagine what I'm feeling right now, John. My penis is buried all the 
way up her sweet little cunt, and now, I am about to cum!" The wicked man 
wore a look of triumph as he filled Mary's tight pussy, pumping in and out 
vigorously for long moments afterwards.

Finally, he pulled out and was replaced by one of the many men waiting their 
turn with the young woman. He strode to stand before John with his still
erect penis coated slickly with semen and Mary's virginal blood. 

"And now it's your turn. Suck me clean." John stared at the monstrous tool 
dangling before his eyes. 

"Go to hell," he said through clenched teeth. "I'll never do that." The man 
gazed at him a moment, his face pensive. He turned to Charles. "Very well. 
Return him to the cellar and when everyone here has used the girl all they 
want, take her down there as well. Then strangle her before his eyes."

He walked away from John, who forced himself to spit out the words, "Alright!
Don't hurt her, I'll do whatever you want." 

His new master turned and smiled. "That's much better. Now prove it," he said 
sliding his fat cock between John unwilling lips, "and do a good job or I'll 
have your wife-to-be whipped within an inch of her life."

Trying not to gag, John forced himself to take most of the shaft in his mouth 
and started sucking. Soon, the cock grew hard again and filled his throat, 
nearly choking him. 

"That's enough," said his Master. "Time to take your virginity too!" He 
pulled his hard cock from John's mouth and moved around him to lift the skirt 
of the maid's dress above John's hips. The young man wasn't wearing panties. 

"I'd like to say this isn't going to hurt, but it will at first. But don't 
worry, I'm sure we'll make a willing anal slave of you in due course!"

He placed his huge, saliva slickened tool at the entrance to John's quivering ass 
and with a mighty shove, embedded it's full length into the young man's bowels. 
John screamed with the suden pain. "Oh, shut up! Charles feed him something,
I'm sure he's too polite to talk with his mouth full." 

The large black man obliged, unzipping his pants and producing a very large 
cock. It was completely flaccid, but even so it was almost as long and thick 
as the cock lodged deep in John's raped asshole. John didn't need 
instructions as he stretched his lips around the broad head and started to 
work his lips down the shaft. Charles stood slightly to one side so that John's 
view of his fiancee was unimpeded. The young man was forced to endure the 
ultimate humiliation. Here he was, dressed in drag, with his penis pierced, 
being sodomized and fed black cock while his slutty bride-to-be was gang
banged before his very eyes. Things couldn't possibly get worse, or could they?

"Excellent work, young man. You're learning your lessons very well. You 
know, I think you function rather well as a woman. That's very lucky for you, 
because I have plans for you in that direction."  John wasn't sure what the
Master meant, but he got the feeling that yes, things COULD indeed get worse!

For John and Mary, life soon became a blur of degradation and humiliation. 
Their new Master explained patiently how their lives would be from now on. 
They were his slaves, his servants, and would be expected to perform a 
variety of duties, both sexual and domestic. Both were fitted with bracelets 
containing a sensor and transmitter which would send an alarm if either tried 
to escape from the rambling mansion.

Mary was kept in a drugged haze and was therefore completely incapable of 
escape.  She was only able to think at the level of a child, her personality 
radically changed into that of a mindless sex slut with absolutely no will of 
her own. She was completely obedient to her Master. John was rationally aware 
of their predicament, but would not have escaped even if he could, because he 
could not simply abandon his fiancee to such a fate. As the weeks went by, John 
hardly ever saw Mary. She spent all of her time with their Master, who 
delighted in her training.

John spent his nights cleaning the large house and preparing the breakfast 
table, and his days in the cellar dungeon. Mary spent her nights in her 
Master's bedroom, and her days by his side, being used as a sexual plaything 
by him, his other servants and his frequent visitors. Master had installed a 
closed-circuit television system in the mansion with a monitor in the 
dungeon, it amused him to occasionally pipe live images and sound of 
Mary's sexual performances to her humiliated young fiancee.

Mary's training was progressing to her Master's satisfaction.  He now 
concentrated on her beau, whom he intended to completely transform. One
day, after several months of captivity, he stopped Mary's medication for a 
day so that she would be alert and aware, then led her down to the dungeon
so that she could witness John's training in progress. It was the fist time she
had seen him since that first day when they were both brutally deflowered.

MARY

The dungeon was dimly lit.  Gradually, my eyes adjusted and I saw a strange 
woman. Her face seemed oddly familiar. She was dressed only in a garter 
belt, stockings and high heels. The woman was sitting in some kind of chair, 
similar to the ones she had seen in medical examination rooms. Her ankles 
were held in stirrups, and her arms were strapped by her sides. The chair had 
been adjusted so that the woman was bent almost in half, her buttocks pointing 
straight up and her legs spread to either side of her heavily made-up face. 
Dangling from the ceiling was a large rubber bag, with a hose running to the 
chair. 

"Look more closely, my dear," commanded Master, "I want you to remember 
this for the rest of your life."

And I would! As my eyes adjusted fully to the dim light, I realized I was 
looking at John, my beloved fiancee. I gasped in horror. What had the Master
done to him?!?

"This setup is quite sophisticated," Master proudly proclaimed, "in a few 
short months, John has made remarkable progress. The bag you see contains a 
cocktail of female hormones and mind-altering drugs. The hose is connected to 
a special rubber enema nozzle which is a perfect replica of my penis. Which as
you  well know, it's quite large and quite thick. Your darling betrothed has 
learned to take all of it up his cute little butt. The release rate is carefully 
controlled. A trickle feed that delivers his medication for maximum efficiency 
and absorption."

I could see everything clearly now. The base of a thick rubber dildo 
protruded from John's smooth ass. His entire body was now smooth, I saw. 

"After we first waxed off all his body hair, it didn't grow back the hormones 
saw to that." Master continued. 

John's head was at his crotch. I could see that he was sucking his own cock.
John's features had softened somehow, and with the heavy makeup he looked 
like a real woman, a female replica of what had once been my handsome fiancee.
He even had breasts now, almost as large as my own! I saw that his fat erect 
nipples had been pierced with thick golden rings. 

At the sound of Master's voice, he had shifted his glazed stare away from the 
small television monitor mounted above the chair and looked our way. 
Something stirred behind his eyes, and I knew he was still aware enough of 
his surroundings to recognize me. He knew I was witnessing his degradation 
and humiliation, but was powerless to do anything about it.

"Continue your training John. That's right, keep sucking." John's gaze 
shifted back to the monitor and his head started to bob slowly up and down 
the length of his penis. On the monitor, I could see a video taped recording 
of myself and the four black man servants. They had me sandwiched, one huge 
cock impaled my anus, while another penetrated my vagina and I was sucking
the other two, alternating between their glistening cocks and trying to force 
them both into my mouth at once. I was moaning with pleasure, and as I watched, 
what appeared to be a series of massive orgasms rocked my body. I could only 
vaguely remember doing those things, and I was horrified to see what a big slut I 
had become under Master's expert tutelage but at the same time I felt myself 
growing wet. Could I actually WANT this?!?

"This is a highly effective form of physical transformation and 
indoctrination, brainwashing if you will." Master sounded very smug. "The 
hormones are reshaping his body and giving him feminine feelings and 
instincts. The drugs in the formula keep him sexually aroused yet submissive.
He is forced to constantly watch you having sex with others, both live and 
taped, while absorbing the formula and fellating himself.  He now 
subconsciously associates his daytime viewing with extreme pleasure. From now 
on, he will become aroused whenever he sees you having sex with other men and 
women, and ONLY then. He is quite incapable of servicing you as a man now. 
You see the ring at the base of his penis? It helps him stay erect, but it also
prevents him from ejaculating. Often, I allow him gratification, but only on 
my terms. I allow Charles and the other male servants to use him, and since 
he has become such a pretty she-male they seize the opportunity quite 
frequently. He has learned to greatly enjoy their big black cocks, and now he 
is only capable of achieving an erection while watching you, and he can only 
orgasm with a cock in his anus, mouth, or both.  Whenever he is allowed to 
leave the dungeon he must wear his special penis sheath, which painfully 
prevents him from achieving a full erection and ejaculating. He is in fact 
quite addicted to his training, once I switched the monitor off to see his 
reaction, and he begged me to turn it back on. As you know, I am a merciful 
Master and so I obliged." At that, he took my arm and led me back upstairs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




The Engagement - Chapter 3

Mary was put back on her diet of mind-altering drugs and barely gave another 
thought to John. Master kept her very busy, and when he wasn't using her body 
for his own pleasure he amused himself by letting her perform with others. He 
especially enjoyed watching her in action with the two maid servants. She 
became an expert at pleasuring other women, and in fact came to enjoy another 
woman's body as much as she enjoyed being thoroughly fucked by well-hung men.

By now, her personality had changed irreversibly, her mental conditioning was as 
successful as John's. Master had their transmitter bracelets removed, there 
was no fear of either one wanting to escape now. Several months after she had 
last seen John in the dungeon, Master started weaning her off the chemicals, 
it made no difference to her behavior and she continued to act like a 
complete slut, enjoying it immensely. 

She could think clearly now, and was cognizant of her situation and the 
events that led her to this point. Master had even told her how he had 
contrived to make her and her fiancee "disappear." He showed her newspaper 
clippings with photographs of John's wrecked car. It had taken the police 
little time to discover the wreck, and after a brief investigation the 
authorities concluded that the pair had perished in the crash, their bodies 
washed away by the river's powerful current. A joint funeral was held for 
them both. 

JOHN

I think I saw Mary today. It's hard to remember or think clearly. All I can 
think about is sex. I'm kinda getting used to being a girl now. I love the 
soft silky clothes they've given me. The sheer stockings feel so nice against 
my skin, and I even enjoy the high heels. At night, when Charles comes to 
release me from the chair and takes me upstairs to do my chores, I get a real 
kick out of the way the 5" heels make my ass sway as I walk.

My new breasts are nice, too. I like playing with them and pinching my 
nipples and tugging my rings, only I have to stop after a little while, or my 
cock will get hard and my sheath will hurt me. I usually spend a few hours, 
dusting and sweeping and mopping the floors, and then I have to get breakfast 
organized in time for the others in the house to awake. 

The work is not very demanding, and I quite like my new life. I get plenty of 
time to myself at night, as there's never really anyone else about, but I 
don't get lonely. Sometimes, I listen at Master's door. Sometimes I just hear 
snoring, but if I'm lucky I can hear him fucking Mary. She must really love 
his cock, she screams and moans and begs him for more. I vaguely recall that 
this should bother me, but it doesn't. Somehow, it seems perfectly right and 
natural. 

It's kinda funny, 'cause we're still going to get married, Master told me so, 
but I don't think I could fuck Mary like the others do. Hell, I don't even 
FEEL like it. Oh, I love watching her in action, but personally I can only 
cum while I'm servicing men.

I like it when Charles comes to visit. It's especially nice when he brings 
the others too. My favorite is when I get to suck a few of the guys while 
Charles fucks my ass real hard, it doesn't hurt anymore. I guess practice 
makes perfect, and of course spending all day with a huge rubber dildo up my 
ass would stretch me nicely. I almost always cum when I get gang banged, I 
don't even really have to touch myself, it's like my pleasure centers have 
been relocated to my ass and mouth.

Master says he has recorded some of my sessions with all four men. He lets 
Mary watch them, and he says she really enjoys them. She makes jokes about 
what a pretty slut I am, and what a good little cock sucker I am. Master says 
she's quite proud of me, but not as a man. Apparently, she now thinks of me as 
some kind of faggot, and laughs contemptuously when she sees me ejaculating 
during a good ass-fucking. She certainly no longer sees me as a man. Fair 
enough, she has plenty of real men in her life, and I'm content to be a boy-
girl. I get the best of both wolds that way! 

I'm so lucky, if it wasn't for Master, I might have gone through the rest of 
my life as a normal married guy and I'd never even have known what I was 
missing out on!
                
            ---------------- THE WEDDING DAY ----------------

It was now almost a year since John and Mary had been imprisoned, and John 
hadn't seen his fiancee over most of that time. He was still allowed to watch 
her fuck and suck an endless stream of men and women, but the camera only 
showed close-ups now, close-ups of her face or genital area. That was fine by 
John though, it still turned him on just the same. Their Master's careful 
indoctrination of the pair was complete, and it was now time to execute the 
final stage of his fiendish plan. 

He had set out to teach John a lesson and humiliate him.  Now it was time to 
see how well the pretty young slaves had learned that lesson.

He had built up quite a collection of videos and photographs of the young 
couple being used in every orifice by a large number of men and women. He 
even had some excellent ones of John sucking his own dick. Having read the 
couple's obituaries, he knew they came from deeply religious families. He 
also knew the address of the church attended by all of John and Mary's 
relatives and friends.

Finally, he announced that John and Mary would finally be married. He set the 
date for the following Saturday and had invitations sent to all his kinky 
friends who had attended the party with which it had all begun, the day he 
kidnaped the young couple. Judging by the RSVPs, all of them would be 
attending. They were all aware of how he had conditioned the pair, and 
wouldn't have missed this event for the world! 

When Mary was informed, her reaction was quite nonchalant, she didn't feel 
attracted to John anymore, and she didn't really want her lifestyle of 
constant sexual pleasure to end. She hoped Master would continue to use her 
after she was a married woman.  That wimp, John, certainly couldn't give her 
what a woman needed.

John was taken off his regimen of hormones and drugs. Although his 
conditioning was now so ingrained that it was permanent, and his body would 
continue to respond as he had been trained. Master was particularly determined
that on  his wedding day, John's mind should be clear and aware of the
proceedings, so that his humiliation would be complete.

The big day came, and the guests arrived in droves by limousine. Attended by 
the two maids, both bride and groom were carefully prepared for the ceremony. 
This was supposed to be the happiest day of their lives, after all they both 
wore white, but that's where the marital tradition ended. Both of their outfits
were parodies of traditional wedding gowns. Both wore high white stilettoed 
heels and seamed stockings clipped to corsets which ended just below their large 
breasts, serving only to enhance their cleavage and forced their waists into a small,
waspish size. Attached to the corsets were diaphanous white skirts with layers of 
petticoats, which forced the skirts to stick straight out. Their groins were clearly 
visible with both bride and groom cleanly shaven. Both wore opera-length gloves, 
silly little veils, and both were given bridal bouquets. 

They were carefully made up to look like Hollywood hookers. The main 
concession to tradition was that the couple was kept separated until the 
ceremony. Finally, it was time. The black man servants had been ordered to 
prepare the main living room for the wedding. The assembled guests were 
seated in rows with a wide aisle running through the middle of the room, 
and a makeshift altar had been built at one end. Master himself would be 
officiating, and several of the guests had offered to photograph and 
video tape the proceedings and the buffet-style reception afterwards. Master 
instructed them to be careful not to show any recognizable faces, other than 
John and Mary's, of course.

It amused their master to have Charles give John away as the bride to Mary, 
the groom. And so it was that John was led through the double doors and 
walked slowly up the aisle, holding on to Charles' arm tightly as his heels 
were a little too high for comfort. John's large tits jiggled and bounced, all 
around.  The wedding guests murmured comments like, "Isn't she lovely!" 
"What a pretty dress!" 

Dressed identically, Mary waited before the altar, her back turned to John. 
From hidden speakers poured the strains of the Wedding March.

JOHN

At last, I was to marry the woman I have loved for as long as I can remember. 
But I'd never counted on these circumstances. Around me are all the same 
people I remember from my first day in this house, the people who I watched 
fuck Mary for hours on end. And just like last time, they're all naked. 
Everyone here is totally naked except for Mary and I. Some of them are making 
comments and laughing at me, how humiliating! I can feel my face blush bright 
red, but I'm wearing so much makeup you probably can't tell.

These heels are killing my feet, they're even higher than I'm used to, and 
these huge tits are making me top-heavy. If it wasn't for Charles, I'd fall 
flat on my face. It's a good thing we're nearly at the altar. There's Mary, I 
haven't seen her for months. There's something different about her, she 
seems to have put on a little weight around the hips. It suits her, though.

We're there, and Mary is turning toward me. My heart flips and I nearly faint 
when I see her swollen belly. Oh my God, she must be eight months pregnant. 

Beside me, Charles laughs out loud. "You're gonna have an instant family" 

Mortified, I look at his leering face as he continues. "We've done some 
tests, and I'm pretty sure I'm the daddy!" He grinned widely, his white 
teeth gleaming in his coal black face.

The ceremony went without a hitch, although the marriage vows were unusual. At 
the end, Master looked at Mary and said, "You will now fuck the bride." 

She didn't move, her eyes pleading with her Master. She didn't want to touch 
this sissy slut if she could help it, but Master must always be obeyed. Oh 
well, she thought, a cock is a cock, even though his is much smaller than I'm 
used to.

Mary touched John's shaven cock. He wasn't wearing his sheath anymore, John's 
conditioning complete, Master had removed it for good. Mary stroked the limp 
little thing. Nothing happened. 

"Turn and face each other, and then suck his cock, Mary."

They did, and Mary knelt to take John's limp cock in her mouth. The assembled 
guests had a splendid view as she proceeded to give him an expert blow job. She 
stroked his balls and ass and sucked John's cock as though her life depended 
on it. John responded, gently rocking his hips, trying desperately to achieve an
erection, as Master had commanded.

He failed miserably. The guests were openly mocking him now, their laughter 
and jeers burned in his ears. He couldn't even get a hard-on for his own wife!

"That's enough, Mary," spoke Master. "Perhaps we need to show John what we're 
trying to achieve here." He held his half-erect penis and waggled it at Mary. 

Without a word, she sank to her knees before him and engulfed his member
with her warm, wet mouth. Seconds later, he and all the guests howled with 
laughter. She turned to see what was causing their mirth. John had a full 
erection now, the sight of his wife blowing another man had given him an 
instant, throbbing hard-on. 

Master held Mary's face and stopped her bobbing motions. "That will suffice, 
my dear. I believe it's now time for your wedding reception."

Everyone moved into the banquet sized dining room. Tables covered in white 
linen were arranged around the walls, they held an amazing array of fine 
food. As the guests helped themselves to the food, the maids circulated with 
trays of champagne.

In the middle of the room stood a king-size bed. Master pointed at it, and 
John and Mary silently obeyed. They mounted the bed and assumed the 
doggy position, side by side. 

"Let the festivities begin!." cried Master, and the assembled guests swarmed 
onto the bed.

Mary was most enthusiastic, skillfully eating pussy (she serviced at least 
five of the women present) and taking on every man. John was close enough to 
touch her, and witnessed every second. He himself was sandwiched between two 
burly well-hung guests, one of whom delighted in vigorously reaming his 
ass hole and spanking his upturned bottom hard with each thrust. John's face 
was stuffed with cock, and he was sucking as hard as he could. Beside him, 
Mary was taking on three men simultaneously, her every orifice filled to 
capacity. She reached a thunderous climax, bucking and moaning loudly. The 
other guests applauded. His humiliation almost unbearable, John's body 
immediately betrayed him by jetting thick gobs of cum all over the sheets. 
The guests clapped even louder then.

Finally, the reception was over. The guests had left, and the maids were 
clearing away the debris. The newly weds sprawled on the bed, too exhausted to 
move. Master strode over to them and beamed down at them with an evil grin. 
"Come on children, you can't fall asleep there," he chided, "you're going on 
your honeymoon!"

Too weak to resist, the pair were bundled away by the black man servants. They 
were blindfolded and placed in the back of a van for the journey, the journey 
back to their home town. Master had given Charles detailed instructions, and 
he knew exactly what to do. He carried a large suitcase with him which 
appeared to be quite heavy. He forced the couple to take three sleeping pills 
each, and within minutes they were out cold.

JOHN

Where the fuck am I? I can't see a thing, it's so dark. And why can't I move? 
Oh. Right. I think I've been handcuffed back-to-back with Mary. I can feel 
her skin against mine, and I can hear her snoring. I'll have to wait for her 
to wake up before I can even think about getting loose. I can feel something 
else, paper? I think the floor is covered with papers of some kind, they feel 
kinda glossy.

Wait, I can hear something. Voices. The rattle of a key, the flick of a light 
switch. Damn, that light is almost blinding, at least I can see where I am 
now.

Oh no. I recognize this place. It's my family church. And those papers, 
they're pictures of Mary and me, and a lot of other people. Just one look at, 
them is giving me a hard-on. And those voices, I'm afraid to look, I've got 
to look. Yep, I knew it. Standing before me, in shocked silence, is the 
minister. Behind him, my whole family. And behind them, the rest of the 
congregation.

Master was right. He said he would teach me a lesson, and he has. NOW 
I'm really humiliated!

THE END 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





