BDSM Library - Science Project




Science Project
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A deranged former student comes to seek revenge on a former teacher whom he felt had hindered him rather than helped him, when he was a new student in her class. He strips her, ties her down on a lab table, in a very obscene fashion and then fills all three of her orifices with sound activated dildos. Then he goes home and shoots himself. Unfortunately he picked the wrong teacher, one who looked like the one he was seeking revenge upon. After a strenuous night in bondage, the next morning her students find her naked, tied, and filled. Excellent story!!!
Story: "Science Project" by Erotales (nc, extreme bd, Mf)

This is a work entirely of fiction. It shouldn't be read by anybody
under 18 or taken seriously by anyone who does read it. Send comments
to Erotales@aol.com.

			  SCIENCE PROJECT

She couldn't feel her knees at the moment, pressed hard onto the hard 
surface of the table. They were numb, tired of the constant pressure. 
She actually wished they still hurt. It would have made it a little
easier for her to maintain her position if she were more aware of all 
her body parts.

Mentally, yes, she was pretty damned aware of her body, if not so much 
physically. And she was getting plenty of other distress signals from
other nerve endings. Why did they bother, sending her those "move me,
stretch me, relieve me!" messages, didn't they understand how pointless
it was? And how relatively unimportant it was, compared with what was
coming?

She tugged again lightly, carefully on her wrists, imprisoned together 
in those snug leather bands padlocked together, resting against the
small of her back. As if she hadn't tried a hundred times to free them,
over these hours.

She stopped moving suddenly as her tense right thigh muscle
threatened to cramp again; tried to clear her mind and relax the
muscle until the tension eased slightly, knowing it would come back 
again. She closed her eyes and sighed in frustration, the tears flowing 
again. It took an effort not to moan -- she knew not to make any 
unnecessary noises, knew what they would lead to. And she couldn't let 
herself cry, knowing her nose might plug up with snot and deny entrance 
to the air that couldn't make it through her gag-filled mouth. The 
threat of suffocation was one of the least of her worries. Might even 
be a blessing; she'd have to think that over. Her naked body shivered
despite the warmth of the room, despite the beads of sweat trickling
down her thighs, her sides, flowing up her back.

She couldn't see much in the dim light, but she knew what she looked 
like, thanks to that little polaroid shot her captor had helpfully shown 
her, then laid on the table right in front of her eyes, where she'd see 
it again when the room brightened. She hadn't wanted to look at it, but 
her eyes had been drawn to it as if she were regarding a life-
threatening wound. She saw herself balanced on her widely spread knees
and the side of her face only on the tabletop, her butt thrust up in the
air, her ankles crossed and held together by wide leather cuffs similar 
to the ones holding her wrists behind her, a short chain running from
the ankle cuffs to the back of the chain fastened tightly around her 
waist, holding her heels nearly at her buttocks. Most of the chains, 
especially the important ones, nearly hidden from that particular camera 
view, shot from behind her and to her left.

For the hundredth time she eased her weight carefully onto her forehead 
and then down onto the other side of her face, the change in position 
giving something of a relief. She didn't like doing it -- every time she 
moved like that she felt the danger of sliding forward, unsure she could 
stop herself or push herself back in time.

How long? What time was it? As much as her body ached and demanded
freedom, she was afraid of time passing, afraid of the approach of
daybreak and what it would bring. What time was it now? 3 am? Somewhere
around there, probably.

Why? Why me? She knew there was no answer to that -- Shit Happens had 
always been her motto. But to have this happen, and all a mistake. 
A terrible mistake. The tears started up again. She couldn't bear that 
thought.

She felt, in her exhaustion, sleep starting to creep up on her, fought 
it away. How she could be sleepy, scared as she was, she didn't know, 
but she definitely didn't want it. It would make the time pass faster, 
which she wanted to avoid -- and then only if she ever woke up from 
it, which she knew was unlikely.

She rolled her weight onto her forehead again, ready to try the other
side again for a few minutes. As she shifted she felt the chain tighten 
slightly around her neck and sucked in her breath in near panic -- 
careful, just wriggle back a little, push off with your forehead to 
shift your weight back, let your head slide back just a couple of 
inches -- there, that's it. She concentrated on breathing evenly as her
heart pounded.

The chain was slack again, more or less. Enough, anyway.

So many chains. She could feel them but couldn't move her head enough 
to see them. She tried to picture them again, visualize exactly how 
they were holding her, still convinced she might somehow figure a way
out of them. Were they really inescapable, or did it just seem that 
way? Couldn't there be some way out she hadn't thought of?

Let's see: there were, to begin with, the tight circles of chain
hugging each lower thigh just above the bend of her knee. Padlocked to 
each was a chain running to the back corners of the table, behind 
her, and fastened to each table leg, holding her knees apart. She 
not only couldn't close her knees up, she couldn't move them forward 
either, and certainly didn't want to move them backward. Couldn't 
move her knees at all, really, unless she wanted to spread them wider, 
and she thought she'd pass on that.

That wasn't really the problem though. Not as much as the other two 
chains attached to those same circles of linked metal around her 
thighs. Each of these ran along the tabletop, under her tummy that 
hovered at least a foot off the table, between her breasts that just
brushed the table's surface, until they ran through a small metal ring, 
circled her neck, and ended padlocked to that same ring. A simple metal 
choke collar, enforcing her present posture of a tall tripod on the
table. She couldn't get her head and shoulders any farther from her 
knees than they were, not if she wanted to keep breathing.

To prevent her rocking back on her knees to kneel upright, another 
pair of choke-collars ran from her neck to the front of the table 
where they were attached by padlocks to each of the front table legs. 
And one final choker ran along her back to her cuffed wrists. A short
chain then ran from her wrists to the circle of chain around her
waist. She could let her hands rest there in the small of her back, 
but try to reach anything with them? Nothing doing.

She couldn't reach that silly little balloon, for example. The one 
bobbing at the end of a rod about a foot long, the first three inches or
so of it buried in her rectum. She couldn't expell the rod: a thin chain
ran through a tiny hole in it, where her anus gripped the rod; the chain 
ran *tight* through her crotch, attached to the front and back of the 
chain around her waist with padlocks. She could feel the rod inside her 
constantly, but the pain wasn't that important, as long as she didn't
make noise. Not important in comparison with the fast approaching
humiliation it represented. The damned balloon had a happy face on it! 
How could anybody keep from laughing at her, no matter how sympathetic 
they wanted to try to be? The sound echoed in her ears as if it had
already happened.

Or would they be hit with helpless giggles when they saw the gag? Not 
tape, not cloth, not a ball. Everything had to add something to her 
shame, of course, but. . . thinking about it drove her to another 
weak, careful attempt to wriggle her wrists free of the leather cuffs, 
as fruitless as all the previous tries. Where had he found this thing? 
A penis gag, extremely realistic, down to the hair-covered balls at 
the far end. It filled her mouth completely, squashed her tongue down. 
Its wrinkled rubbery firmness was just like the texture she imagined
a real penis to have -- she'd never had one in her mouth, never really
had wanted to, but she felt she knew now what it would be like. It was 
one more unremoveable adornment: at the point where it entered her 
mouth, a chain passed through a hole in it and circled her head, a 
padlock behind her head closing the loop, the gag held firmly in place. 
Like the rod in her rectum, it wasn't really a problem now (again, as 
long as she kept quiet!), but it was another humiliating thing she 
couldn't get rid of.

They're going to find me this way! God, please let there be some way
out.

She imagined her students, all snug in their beds dead to the world 
at this hour. Or were they still partying? Did teenagers ever actually
go to bed? 

She could make out familiar shapes in the small room, the few lights 
burning near the building throwing a dim illumination through the 
room's one window. At some point the window would begin to brighten, 
the room graying, then filling with colors of daylight. She'd know 
then there were just a couple of hours left.

Not wanting to, she played last night's events back in her head. Could 
she have done anything differently? She wasn't sure. She felt positive 
she hadn't left the building unlocked; he must have got in some other 
way. Through a window? Who knows, maybe he'd got in during the daytime
and waited, watching to see if she'd come.

She'd only needed to pick up an answer key! She was only going to be 
in the building a few minutes. She'd been grading papers at home, and
remembered her annoyance and frustration realizing she'd left a grading 
key to one set of papers in her classroom. Wait till morning? Oh, if 
only she had! If only she'd said forget about it, it can wait. But the 
papers were for her first period class, and she only lived five minutes 
from the school, and she wanted to get it over with. She'd always 
thought her determination to get things done was a virtue; if only 
she'd been a born procrastinator, she'd be safe at home now.

No use thinking that, he'd only have waited for some other night anyway.

She'd been quickly scoring the tests at her desk: no point taking the
papers home and bringing them right back in the morning. It went quickly
in the quiet of the deserted building. She was dismayed at the number
of F's, knowing she'd have some parent conferences on her hands when
the mid-term grades came out. She shuddered at the thought of another
series of crying-mom sessions. She sighed and put the papers in her desk 
drawer and got ready to leave.

The man had been quiet in the hallway. The first hint of his presence
had been the squeak of her classroom door opening. She'd thought it was 
a fellow teacher at first; by the time she could see his face, he was 
already waggling the gun at her, telling her not to talk if she
preferred her skin without holes. He walked further into the room,
carrying a gym bag, while her heart worked overtime for no extra pay.

She had peed in her panties, not wanting to beieve this was happening 
but knowing it was. [Omogod, peeing! There was something she wished she 
hadn't thought about just now.] Waving the gun, he said, "Let's go into 
that workroom." A door in the back of the classroom led to the small 
room that was her private domain in her very public job, full of books, 
mostly unread (who had time with everything else?), science project
materials, some in boxes, some strewn on the countertop also littered
with spare computer parts -- computers didn't last long, the kids were 
hard on the equipment. A big work table in the middle, about six feet by
three, taking up half the available floor space. 

As he drew closer in the workroom, she could see he wasn't a figure to 
strike fear into anyone -- not without the gun, anyway. A smallish, thin 
man in his twenties, wearing thick glasses. Even without the triteness 
of a pocket protector he still had "nerd" written all over him.

He'd squeezed past her, keeping the gun trained on her, and swept the 
contents of the table onto the floor, changing her stream of whispered 
"Please don't hurt me"s to a shouted, "Oh don't!" -- a science project 
from earlier in the month hit the floor with a clatter.

"Sit on the table and take off your clothes. All of them."

She'd been hoping, somehow, he just wanted money -- the thought nearly 
made her giggle in retrospect: what idiot who wanted money would mug 
a teacher for it? But the certainty he was going to rape her, a fear 
her mind had throttled in an attempt to get her through the first few 
minutes of this, came back full force. The feeling of wanting to 
scream was hard to fight against, but she knew that, even in the
unlikely event there was anybody to hear her, they couldn't possibly be
close enough to help her in time. She'd only be getting them shot in
return for their Good Samaritan act.

It was even harder picturing him as a rapist than as a mugger. She had a 
mental image of what she'd expect a rapist to look like, and there was 
almost no overlap between that image and this small, slightly scared-
looking geek in front of her. She studied him closely, trying to keep
her mind off the fact she was stripping naked in front of a stranger. 
He didn't look like a violent type, and before unhooking her bra she
needed to convince herself it was futile to try to jump him. Watching 
his hand on the gun convinced her: it trembled slightly, but never for 
a moment pointed away from her. Her own fingers shook more than his as 
she reluctantly forced herself to release the bra snaps and let the 
straps down her arms. She froze up for a moment before going the final
step; she saw his jaw set as he pushed the gun closer, and she hurried 
to pull her wet panties down and off.

Thinking back now, she wished he had raped her. She thought that was 
something she could get over.

As she sat naked on the table, shivering despite the room's late-Spring 
warmth, he reached into the gym bag, bringing out her first hint that 
the ordeal was going in a different direction: four leather bands, which 
he ordered her to strap onto her wrists and ankles. Each had D-shaped
metal rings at various places around their circumference, and they 
fastened like watchbands, except for the metal loop that protruded
through the leather once they were buckled. He gave her four padlocks 
to put through the loops. She thought about just pretending to lock
them, but he was watching too closely. 

He brought out that -- awful -- gag next, and a smile began to twitch
the corners of his lips as he watched her fill her mouth with it, 
under his orders, and pull the chain tight so that the ends of it met
behind her head, held there by the padlock he pulled out of the bag.
It had made a clinking sound that told her there were lots more things 
still in that bag.

He pulled out two more padlocks. "Lock your ankles together with one,
and then your wrists behind your back with the other."

She let him drop the padlocks into her numb hands, and stared at them, 
immobilized by indecision and fear. She had felt she could handle it 
up to now, could live with the prospect of being raped -- as long as 
there was some possibility she could fight back. The instant she 
closed the lock holding the handcuffs together, she knew her chances 
of escape, already slim enough, would be altogether gone. She sat 
unmoving, staring at the locks in her hand, until she heard the click 
of the gun's hammer being pulled back. Blinking back blinding tears and
moaning, she reached down without looking and thrust one of the padlocks
between the rings protruding from the ankle cuffs. Closing her eyes and 
sending up a silent prayer, "Please let this get over with soon, please
don't let it hurt too much," she fumbled with the other lock, trying to 
get it through the loops on her wrist cuffs, finally opening her eyes
and twisting her body to get her wrists in view so she could see what 
she was doing, at last she got the padlock closed, a brief feeling of 
success at accomplishing a difficult job immediately washed away by an
overwhelming knowledge that she was altogether, totally sunk.

He started pulling chains and more padlocks out of the bag, made her 
squirm onto her stomach on the table and started arranging her in her 
present position. She nearly hyperventilated as he fastened the choke 
chains, helplessly hmmmmmming in protest as he explained how immobile 
she needed to be to stay alive. Then he backed off, inspecting his work. 
She could see his body shaking as a triumphant grin spread across his 
face.

If she had been terrified before, it was just a warmup to what came
next. Nothing she'd been imagining had prepared her for it.

"You don't remember me, do you?"

She stared at him, searching for something familiar, anything, not 
wanting to anger him. A former student? There had been so many. But he 
looked too old for one of hers.

"Think back. Ten years. One of your eighth-grade science classes."

Ten *years*? She hadn't been here ten years ago, she was still in 
college. She mumbled helplessly against the degrading gag, trying 
to say he must be confused, there was some mistake.

"Think about it, Miss Straley."

Ohgodohgodohgod! He thought she was Shelly Straley! They did look a 
little bit alike -- Shelly was older, but take ten years off her.... 
Oh God he wanted to do this to HER!

She nearly choked herself, trying to free herself, trying to speak 
around the gag, spit it out, tell him she wasn't Shelly, dammit, her 
name was Laura Burton and she'd never met him in her life. She *had* to 
be able to talk to him. He was doing this to her because he thought she 
was somebody else!

Who was this guy? He must barely know Shelly if he couldn't pick her out 
of a faculty line-up; why would he want to do this to her? She watched 
him squinting at her out of those thick glasses. The guy could barely
see!

"My Dad was in the military, and we just moved into town that April. I 
hated all the moving around, always being the new kid. They put me in 
your science class.

"You told me the whole class had science projects due Friday -- this was 
Tuesday. You told me I didn't have to do it, I could be excused, but...
God, I wanted so much to fit in. To be part of the class, part of the 
school, to really impress the teacher... that was the biggest part of
it, Miss Straley. I wanted to impress you.

"I did that damned science project. I bet you'll remember it now, Miss 
Straley. 'Building a Better Mouse Trap.' I thought that'd be really
funny, THE generic science project. It was that cage on little wheels, 
noise-activated. It would hear a mouse squeaking a steer towards it. 
It would get close to the mouse, the mouse would smell the cheese -- 
then the sound-sensors on the inside would slam the cage closed when the 
mouse entered. I always loved those sound-activated switches -- you
could do magical things with them. I really think that's going to be 
the wave of the future, Miss Straley. You remember it now, don't you?"

She had given up trying to talk, to wriggle free: it was hopeless. She 
debated between truthfully shaking her head or nodding agreement with 
him, decided agreeing was the safer course, for now. Maybe after his 
speech was over he'd take the gag out. Was he still going to rape her?
She was less sure about it now.

"I brought it in on Friday. I was so excited I just about peed my pants 
when I came into the room with it and put it with everybody else's. I
couldn't wait for the chance to show how it worked, to hear all the 
congratulations. Well, I got my chance. And you got this real serious 
look on your face. You asked me to step out in the hallway.

"You told me the rule was every science project had to be done by the 
student alone, they were real strict about that. I kept telling you I 
*did* do it myself, nobody helped me. You never believed me. You said 
you might be willing to give me a C on it, but I couldn't enter it in 
the Science Fair.

"You just have no idea what that did to me, Miss Straley. Military kids 
are always unsure of themselves, you know. Always new, always 
outsiders. I -- I ... Shit, the depressions, the shrinks. They wanted 
to put me away for awhile. Dad wouldn't hear of it. He..." He broke 
off, apparently realizing he was rambling.

He fixed his myopic gaze on her. "I had a hard enough time believing 
in myself before that, but you... I could just never get myself to 
try that hard again. Knowing I wouldn't be accepted. Wouldn't be 
believed. My dad got transferred again by the next Fall. Another 
school, another adjustment. I was a miserable bust at the new school --
all the new schools. I tried college but I dropped out. I've been
clerking in an electronics store for years. For an asshole who treats 
me like dirt."

God, she thought, if I could just get this gag out! He's got to figure 
out I'm the wrong person. Whatever his problems are they started long 
before Shelly Straley. Everybody's got to blame somebody for their 
problems, and he picked her out. She didn't do anything to him... and
*I*, I never met the guy before! This can't be happening! She started
struggling to get loose again, mmmmmming frantically into the gag,
praying he'd take it out and let her get this all straightened out.

"I'm going home now. And this," he waved the gun, "It isn't for you, 
really. It's for me. You might live through tonight, but I won't. It 
really does me good to see you squirming there. It means a lot...
You see, Miss Straley, you're my science project for this year. I'll 
never find out what everybody thinks of it, but that doesn't matter, 
really. I just want you to know one thing, Miss Straley." He bent 
towards her and said slowly, "I did it all myself. It took a long time, 
planning and building, but I played by the rules. Do you believe me?"

She didn't have to guess what answer would save her life this time.
She nodded, miserably, her head rubbing against the top of the table.

"It's not all assembled quite yet, there's a couple more pieces. And 
stop all that noise. I want you to be quiet as a mouse, now. I mean 
it." He pointed the gun again. "I don't want to hear another sound out
of you until I've left the building. Not a peep." In case somebody was
around, she guessed. She was pretty sure nobody was. I don't understand
what he means, she thought. Is he going to let me go or not? What does
he mean about me being his science project?

He reached into the bag again, but -- not for keys. Her eyes widened
as he pulled out a rod with a balloon at the end. He drew his fingers 
across his lips. "Absolutely not a sound, from now on." His voice got 
quieter as he spoke, sinking to a whisper at the end. He seemed to flip 
a switch on end of the rod, and she almost screamed as she felt him 
tapping the area between her buttocks. He glared once more, gesturing 
one more time with the gun. Her heart raced. Oh God, what now?

Her whole body tensed as he pushed the rod slowly into her rectum. She 
closed her eyes and drew rapid breaths through her nose as he fiddled 
with the chain that would hold it in place, drawing it tight through 
her crotch, securing the two ends to the chain around her waist.

He pulled one last thing out of the bag. She had a quick sight of a 
small silvery egg-shape, before it was out of sight behind her. She 
nearly screamed again as she felt his fingers parting her labia, but 
she held off, not only because of the danger but because of the 
pointlessness of objecting. The silver egg slid into her vagina. If 
she hadn't been fighting gravity she could have let it drop out later, 
but with her butt up in the air like that it was hopeless.

That was when he took the polaroid shot. He laid it on the table in 
front of her, bent down and whispered softly, "Just wanted you to know 
what you look like." Standing there while she looked at her image in 
horror, he reached down and slipped a finger into her mouth. She felt, 
rather than heard, a tiny click. He straightened, breathed a sigh of 
relief, and picked up the gun and the gym bag. He spent a moment 
gathering all her clothes and putting them in the  bag, leaving her 
nothing in the room to cover herself with. With a tight smile and a 
little wave, he turned out the light, backed out of the workroom and
closed the door softly.

He's gone, he's gone, oh God he's gone. I'll wait ten minutes, he's got 
to be out of the building, then I'll start screaming for all I'm worth.

She waited, every slight sound in the empty building making her twitch. 
After she felt ten minutes had to be up, she counted to a hundred just 
to be safe. Then -- well, it couldn't be called screaming, exactly, it 
was a little too muffled for that -- she put all her energy into a 
loud hmmmmmm, pulling with all her strength against the wrist cuffs, 
careful not to pull them down her back and risk choking.

Immediately her body convulsed unexpectedly, and in the aftershock
she could feel a wild humming between her legs -- a vibrator! That 
egg in her vagina was shaking, pulsating, taking her breath away. 
She had used vibrators before, but this one was like a wild beast,
beyond her control, sending waves radiating through her body that awoke 
a raging, pure erotic need, an intense arousal that went beyond anything 
she'd experienced.

And the penis gag in her mouth, it was wriggling now, as if it, too,
had come alive, and she could taste -- oh God no! -- a sticky liquid
coming out of the head, near the back of her throat. Semen? Something a
lot like it, anyway, and she desperately swallowed as well as she could, 
not easy with the gag filling her mouth, to keep from choking on it. 
The sudden convulsion came again, and she identified it this time: it 
was coming from her buttocks, her rectum -- that rod must be generating 
electric shocks! In near panic she tried everything she could to get 
loose, feeling the chain closing around her throat as she slid too far 
forward, her loudest scream yet trying to tear its way out of her
throat. The vibrator inside her was continuing to send out waves of
excitement, and her hips moved on their own. She felt like she did when
she masturbated, getting closer, closer... she was conscious of sucking
eagerly on the penis gag, swallowing semen, her lips slipping back and
forth on the shaft, the gag itself somehow mechanized under its "skin,"
obscenely undulating, so alive! She felt she was going to come at any
moment... No! Please don't let me come, if I lose control I know these
chains are going to choke me. The shock in her rectum convulsed her body
again, just as she was managing to back up a little and loosen the
choker. How had this started, he wasn't even here, it's like magic...
Magic, yes! The sound! It started when I made noise. It's all--- yes,
he'd told me -- sound activated. I've got to be quiet.

With every ounce of concentration she made herself stop moaning, not 
knowing whether it would help. Would the things turn off? She waited an 
ageless time, probably two minutes. The rectal shocks were the hardest
to ignore, she nearly screamed each time her body jerked, the intervals 
about 15 seconds. The vaginal vibration was continuous, and she couldn't 
stop her hips from moving, feeling herself drawing closer to orgasm, 
while the gag still undulated and seeped fluids, forcing her to continue 
her sucking motions as she swallowed. But finally... the electric rod 
seemed to miss a turn, it should have zapped me by now, shouldn't it?
The vibrator stopped about ten seconds later, and shortly after that,
the penis.

Oh God.

She carefully wriggled her head and shoulders a few inches back, finally 
taking the tension out of the collar. She concentrated on getting breath 
back into her lungs, quickly and above all, quietly.

She felt completely spent: sweat bathed her body, beads of it rolling 
down every slanted surface. Her hips still felt twitchy from the 
stimulation, but without the continued internal vibration she was no 
longer approaching orgasm.

I think if those things get started again, I'll be dead.

I've got to get out of here before morning! I can't still be here when 
the kids get here!

She gasped involuntarily at the thought, then froze, not knowing
immediately whether she had made enough noise to start up all the 
machinery again. She held her breath for several seconds, waiting 
for the first shock, but felt nothing.

I've got to get out, but I can't get free of the chains, can't even put 
any strength into the effort or I'll choke myself, can't call out for 
help or I'll orgasm myself to death.

She could only identify one hope: somehow, during the night, someone
might come into the building, come close to her hallway. She'd have to 
make a lot of noise to be heard through the closed workroom door, with 
the door to the classroom probably closed too, and if it was a false 
alarm, or the person couldn't hear her, then she was in BIG trouble. 
But she couldn't think of anything else. She guessed it might be 11 p.m. 
now, based on the time she'd arrived. It was possible one of the
teachers might show up, for the same reason she had. Please, let
somebody come! Just one person, she could stand it if only one person
saw her, an adult, a colleague, someone who would help her get free and 
stay quiet about it. A woman, please... she thought that would be
better, not one of the men.

She began the process of simply getting through.

It must have been about a couple of hours later, she thought -- 1 a.m.?
She heard a far, far distant sound: the muffled slam of a door. Her 
body tensed. She wished she could tell where it was; she might be able 
to figure out whose classroom it was. Was somebody walking this way?

She suddenly thought: what if it's *him*? Coming back. Would he come 
back to watch her torment? Watch her quiver, come, choke? He could be 
coming back just to get her to make a noise, watch what happened when 
she did.

But if it was somebody who could save her, and she just let them go...

Her brain seemed to be overheating with indecision: make noise or
not? Either choice could save her or backfire. Which will it be?

She knew she could never, ever forgive herself missing a chance to get 
free. She had to do it. But not unless she had just a little more
evidence she might be heard. She stopped breathing, tried to quiet her
pounding heart, listening for the slightest sound.

There! Was that a footstep? To her hypertense mind, it sounded like one. 
Here goes.

She put everything she had into a brainbusting HMMMMMMMMMMM. Before she 
could gather her breath for another try, she felt the shock, her whole 
body responding with a giant twitch. The vibrating egg started 
radiating heat and cold in waves from deep inside her, the gag started 
its obscene dance in her mouth, oozing fluids she tried quickly to 
swallow. As before her hips started a rhythmic tensing, her buttocks 
clenching, and she could feel her excitement rise. She sucked madly 
on the gag, her lips making the surface slick, her teeth biting it, her
tongue underneath caressing it, moaning as she swallowed the spurting 
liquid at the back of her throat. She could feel her orgasm approaching 
fast, an onrushing freight train. She remembered the whole point was to 
make noise, to be heard, but she knew her breathy grunts of sexual 
arousal probably weren't going to do the job. Her entire body jerked
with each shock from the rod, and she felt she couldn't get enough air
in her lungs fast enough -- and she felt herself sliding slowly forward
along the table, the chain drawing tighter around her throat. STOP!
I've got to stop this now. Quiet OW!! Another shock. Just don't make a 
sound. Don't moan, try not to rock, hold your hips still OW!!

She concentrated all her efforts into wriggling back again, letting the
chain loosen, trying to slow her gyrating hips, just be quiet, totally
quiet. OW!! knowing it could be life or death, she suffered three more
shocks in silence, and then, mercifully, one after another, the gadgets
stopped. She drew great lungfuls of air, her heart trying to pound its
way out of her chest, savoring the feeling of quiet in her vagina, the 
penis gag subsiding, the wonderful absence of zaps in her rectum.

A cloud of gloom descended as her heartbeat and respiration wound down 
to normal. She knew what would happen in about seven hours. She knew the 
night would pass slowly, but the longer it took the better she liked it.

All she could do now was try to find a way to get -- no, "comfortable"
was out of the question, but at least she wanted to minimize the strain 
and the ache of tightening muscles, of joints bearing weight they
weren't meant to. She tried to let fifteen minutes or so go by before 
working on turning her face the other way, shifting her weight from one 
shoulder to the other. The difficulty at first was that the table had 
been getting so slick with her sweat -- her knees kept wanting to slide 
outward, her face and shoulder forward. She strained to stiffen her 
body, wriggling back to a safe position periodically. Gradually the 
surface of the table started drying, giving her a little more friction 
to work with.

* * *

After a couple of hours she was beginning to find it almost impossible 
to keep her eyes open. She didn't realize her consciousness had started 
to slip away until the closing collar suddenly forced its way into her 
awareness. With a start that she recognized to her horror as sudden 
awakening -- she'd been *so* afraid of falling asleep -- she gave an 
involuntary squeak and started working on pulling back. The gag came 
to life in her mouth, and she tensed waiting for the shock. But 
apparently the squeak had been too soft, only the gag had "heard" it. 
With disgust she swallowed the semen -- she wasn't sure it was that, 
but she assumed it was, couldn't help thinking of it that way -- 
wondering how much of the stuff there was. It was a long shaft, and the 
balls at the far end were probably full of the stuff for all she knew. 
More than enough of it to last the night, at the rate she was going. 
The shaft shimmied in waves moving from the far end to the front, 
obviously designed for realistic effect while pumping. By itself it 
didn't have that arousing effect it had when it worked in concert 
with the vaginal vibrator, but she couldn't help moving her lips in 
sucking motions along the shaft; she had to do that to swallow. 
Within a few minutes, in the absence of further noises, it subsided.

She tried to think how she could keep awake. The room was not only warm 
but also muggy by now, she had been awake for -- what, 21 hours, the
last five or so under continuous emotional tension and physical strain. 
She strained her ears for footsteps, doors opening or closing, any 
sounds at all. The dead silence enfolded her -- as if she needed 
another clue to her body that she ought to be sleeping now. There 
weren't even any traffic noises now. She thought she could make out, 
barely, the whirr of the electric clock on the other side of the wall, 
in the classroom. Time, everything was about time now.

She jerked again, aware for the second time of coming out of sleep. At 
least she hadn't slid forward this time, but she wasn't going to count 
on her luck holding indefinitely. She discovered, trying to wriggle 
her fingers, that they were asleep -- lucky fingers -- and spent 
several minutes moving her wrists around, trying to get circulation 
back, eventually succeeding.

She tried to fix on objects in the room, dim outlines in the darkness, 
tried to remind herself of the story of each, when she had used it, 
what she was doing then, giving herself a small mental shake every time 
she sensed the blankness coming on.

... a pain gripping her neck. She felt breathless, tried to gasp air
into her lungs, couldn't. Disoriented, she couldn't quite grasp the 
situation. Asleep! I did it, I went completely out. God, back up, 
back up! She waggled her buttocks quickly from side to side, pushing 
hard against the surface of the table with the side of her face, 
trying to shift her weight back towards her knees. Come on, come on! 
Finally she found the right leverage and felt her head sliding back 
along the table, the chain still gripping her throat tightly but 
starting to loosen. She finally sucked in a great lungful of air, and 
the weight of all the fears of the night fell on her. Mental alarms 
jangled telling her not to cry, to pull herslf together, but nothing
could stop the sob tearing its way out of her throat.

An instant later the great full-body twitch from a rectal shock ran 
through her, and from deep inside her she felt the the little silver egg 
going nuts, its vibrations penetrating every part of her body, but 
mostly there, right there, invading that private space and making her 
so aware of herself, her nakedness, her wanting to touch herself, put
her finger inside herself. The gag had started its own obscene 
exploration of her mouth, and she swallowed and sucked, swallowed and 
sucked, as the rod shocked her again. Her hips shifted, wriggled, slowly
at first but gradually faster, and the voice in her mind telling her to 
stop moaning seemed so far away, so faint. Her wrists writhed in
frustration in their cuffs, so close to her crotch where she wanted them 
to rub herself, explore herself... even that thought started dying out, 
all higher level brain functions shutting down in a gush of pure
feeling. Almost there, almost there...

A convulsion swept through her that had nothing to do with the rod in 
her rectum, an orgasm more powerful than any she had experienced, 
waves of heat crashing outward from between her legs setting every 
set of muscles in battle against each other, as a series of muffled 
cries escaped from the back of her throat that would have brought any 
number of people from adjoining hallways if there had been anybody
there. She nearly choked on the semen still flowing out of the gag, and
desperately started swallowing, but the explosion inside her went on:
her thighs quivering with tension, her back arching, her body
straightening at the hips, and the chain quickly closing around her 
throat again, somehow intensifying the orgasm still further as she tried 
to suck in air and failed, feeling still another shock from her rectum.

Slowly the spasms began to play themselves out, the energy coursing
through her body diminishing, letting go its hold on her. A buzzing in 
her ears wasn't coming from the vibrator: she knew she was close to 
fainting from lack of air, that she'd never wake up if she did. She 
desperately repeated her efforts from a few minutes earlier, the 
chain loosening again as she slid her head back on the now very slick
surface. She had to swallow the semen that had collected before she
could drag in a long, deep lungful to keep herself conscious. More
exhausted than she had ever been, she stared blankly at the counter to 
her left, her mind with barely enough remaining presence to tell her 
to be quiet at all costs, don't moan, don't cry, don't make the tiniest 
sound, ignore the humming inside, the maddening periodic shocks. She lay 
quietly, sucking on the gag until it fell quiet, and the rod and
vibrator shut themselves down.

Her mind felt vague, fuzzy. She had been staring at the back cover of an 
old textbook for several minutes before it sank in that she could read
it. There were shapes all around her that had been invisible to her all 
through the night, now easily picked out in shades of gray in the dim 
light from the window. The sun was coming up!

Her heart suddenly raced, as she drew ragged deep breaths through her 
nose. No, oh no, oh please God no, the night has gone by and it's
daylight and it's going to happen. It must be about six o'clock: she 
had two hours left.

Wait! Be methodical this time! I've got to try *everything*, there has 
to be a way. She started with her wrists, trying every combination of 
twists and turns she could come up with. Break the padlock? It was
probably one of those they shot with a gun on TV and it stayed locked,
but it was worth a try. There were four her fingers could reach -- the 
ones holding each cuff buckle, the one between the cuffs, and the one 
holding the chain to the cuffs that ran to her neck. She felt the 
hopeless knowledge that jerking as hard as she could was out of the 
question, it was one of the many ways of choking herself. Pulling her
hands *up* her back was no better: that pulled on the chain that
circled her waist, increasing the tension in the one that ran through
her crotch, wiggling the rod in her rectum, and it hurt like hell. How 
long must he have planned this, thinking of everything -- even her full 
strength probably couldn't get her free of the chains, but she had no 
way to use her full strength anyway. She could only tug tentatively,
feebly, on any of her restraints without hurting or endangering herself 
uselessly. She tried  as well as she could, though, positioning her 
hands carefully on her back and jerking quickly outward, a safe enough
move but not effective.

Ankles? Wriggle them, get one free. Each knee: tensing her thigh muscles 
trying to pull it towards her, jerking as forcefully as she dared. With 
every failed effort she felt herself closer to crying, wanting to 
scream and barely able to stop herself. Moving more randomly now, less 
methodical, angrily, grunting with effort -- and the gag started
shimmying again, shooting its little pulses of semen into the back of 
her throat. Disgusted, nearly exploding in anger and shame, she sucked 
hopelessly. The room had been brightening continually during her
efforts, colors filling the forms of familiar objects. She could easily 
see the polaroid, and she looked intensely at it, praying it could 
show her something her addled brain had overlooked, while thinking, this
is exactly how they'll see me.

The gag stopped again, starved for noise for the time being. She
continued looking at the polaroid, suddenly realizing the still picture 
didn't do justice to the situation. It didn't show the gyrations she 
would be unable to stop going through if -- when -- the mechanical
curses that owned her body started doing their tricks again. She closed 
her eyes, almost unable to breathe, waves of nausea washing over her.
(God, if she threw up now -- no, don't think about it.)

The need to pee was starting to build up! It hadn't been a problem so 
far, but the body's going to keep up its standard practices no matter
how much trouble they'll cause. The idea of peeing in her present 
position was just unthinkable to her.

How long before I get out of this? Think past the horror now and just 
concentrate on getting free. Nobody could free her just by being there: 
everything was locked, with no key. They'd need tools somebody would 
have to go get -- GOD!!! Somehow every pathway her thoughts went down 
uncovered something still worse about her situation. She wanted to come 
up with things that hadn't occurred to her, but *useful* things, come
on!

But the students, the kids, that was the main thing. Dozens of junior 
high kids, her own students and more from outside as the word spread, 
were going to see. See what this picture showed. Live, in the flesh. 
So to speak.

Wait, maybe... what if. What if. Her mind spun furiously. They don't
*have* to find me, she thought. They'd know something was wrong, I'd be
missing at the start of class, but would they look in here? Maybe, maybe
not. It's my private space, and kids sometimes have business here but
know not to come in uninvited. And if a few minutes went by and nobody
emerged, wouldn't that mean nobody was in here? Somebody would go down
the the main office, they'd call my home, get no answer, probably send
in the librarian to run the class and round up a substitute for the rest
of the day in case I didn't come in. And none of those people would have
a reason to come back here, there's nothing here they need, and it's MY
room. I've got to be found sometime, but if I can get to the end of the
day -- nine hours from now! -- the kids will be gone, the custodians
will start their appointed rounds, and one of *them* will find me. I 
could live with that -- if I can make it that long. Nine hours. Well,
I've been here eight already, and I've learned a few of the survival 
skills of the situation.

She felt the tension starting to flow out of her body. At the same time 
the feeling of exhaustion seemed to recede, an excitement of purpose 
taking its place. This could work! I'll make it work. I've got to be 
absolutely quiet, and it *can* work.

Behind the excitement lay a thought she couldn't quite seem to identify.
It lay just out of her mental reach, as if her mind were as immobilized
as her body. She could only perceive the barest outlines of the thought,
enough to know that it consisted of something she was overlooking --
but what?? Her excitement built higher: she knew some part of her mind
was trying desperately to tell her something. It had to be a means of
getting free -- what else could be that important? She had often had
this same feeling in college, when she was stuck on a class assignment
and some part of her brain knew the answer. She knew from experience
she should try to relax and let it come: that had often worked, though
it wasn't foolproof. Settle down, she told herself. It's going to be
a long day, but you'll be out of here at the end of it with just minor
humiliation. Just wait it out, and if the missing thought comes, fine,
it'll be over sooner, and if not... the vagrant thought seemed to
draw closer to the surface at this point, screaming incoherently at her
as if it were gagged itself. She forced herself to stop reaching for
it again.

Thinking about staying here through the entire day led her to realize 
how hungry she was -- she'd been awake all night (well, nearly) and 
now had missed breakfast. And thirsty... if she could just have a 
glass of water somehow. She closed her eyes, overwhelmed by the feeling 
of just how helpless she was, to have no means of meeting such basic 
human needs. She could get through till dinnertime without food, but she
just had to drink something.

Though, really, she wasn't as thirsty as she felt she ought to be: she'd 
lost *so* much fluid during the night, she really should be in an agony 
of thirst, it seemed to her... no, not that! The SEMEN? Was that what 
was keeping her hydrated? It didn't seem she had had that much. It
really wouldn't take a lot, though, would it?

She sighted crosseyed down the shaft. It had long since become obvious 
that the "balls" were full of the stuff, and probably a lot of the shaft 
too: there seemed to be room for at least a pint of the liquid, if it
filled the available space. Surely more than enough to last the rest 
of the time she was here. But to drink it voluntarily? She fought with
her revulsion, knowing that as the day went on she *had* to drink
something.

She knew the problem was getting the gag started without setting off the 
other gadgets. She'd done it before: a soft enough sound in her mouth 
would do it, but she wasn't sure how much margin for error she had: a 
sound too soft wouldn't be enough, but too loud... well, she'd nearly 
died the last time she'd gotten the vibrator inside her going. But she
might also die in the next nine hours without fluids, considering what
she'd lost already.

The time to experiment with it was now, not after the room beyond the 
door filled with kids. Her heart started thundering again: it had 
definitely been working hard tonight, she'd have to remember to do 
something nice for it later. Tentatively, shaking with anxiety, she 
made a soft little sighing sound. No response, so she tried one a 
little louder. Her body twitched as an over-sensitive nerve near her 
anus fired for no reason -- it was probably as scared as she was. She 
waited for her breathing to get back near normal, knowing she'd have to 
try one just a little louder still, positive now she was approaching the
threshold of response of either the rod or the vibrator, if not both --
it didn't matter, she knew as soon as one went off she'd set off the
other. She started the sigh, held it back for a moment feeling she was 
shaking too badly to control it, knowing if this one didn't work she'd 
never be able to make herself try a louder one. She closed her eyes 
finally and tried the one last sigh.

The gag jumped in her mouth, and the ends of her lips curled upward at 
the edges with satisfaction. She had to swallow quickly then, and after 
so much practice instantly fell into the rhythm of sucking and
swallowing. Especially since she was doing it voluntarily, and it was 
in fact the one single thing in the world she had any control over at
all, it felt very calming, as if she was a baby nursing at her mother's
breast. Even though the sucking wasn't producing the flow of fluid,
and was a byproduct of the efforts she had to go through to swallow, it
still felt as if she were making it happen. She sucked for several
minutes, the sticky, syrupy, weird tasting liquid taking the edge off
her thirst, while the gag did its obscene gyrating dance in her mouth, 
until the absence of further sounds finally shut it down. For just those 
few minutes she was able to forget the coming hours.

It was fully light now, and there was a glare from just below the
windowsill that told her the sun would be directly on her in another
ten minutes or so. With the room fully illuminated and the blinds
pulled up, she realized for the first time how lucky she was to be on
the second floor: nobody passing by could look in.

The tension that had abated started to build up again: the first
arrival of cars in the parking lot below brought home to her how close 
the moment she was dreading was. Like the patter of rain building up 
from a sprinkle to a steady beat, she became aware of sounds inside 
the building: doors opening, faint footsteps, distant snatches of 
conversation. She pictured her colleagues opening up their rooms,
putting their briefcases next to their desks, and suddenly was overcome
by the bizarrely guilty thought that she hadn't gotten all her lesson
plans done for the day. There was still a part of her mind not yet
understanding that, no matter how this came out, she definitely wasn't
going to be teaching any classes today. The sun showed a sliver of
itself over the windowsill now. It had been light for about an hour; it
had to be about 7. An hour left.

She felt the warmth on her thigh as the sunlight hit it. With a
sinking feeling she realized that at around 8, the time of greatest
danger of discovery, the room would be brightly lit and she, in
particular, would be spotlighted in dazzling light. The chill from this
image competed with the growing warmth as the sun picked out and
highlighted a gradually larger area of her bare skin.

The boisterous, laughing, mostly higher-pitched voices of students
began to build up now the same way the faculty sounds had. That
elusive thought that had stayed tauntingly at the edge of her mind
came back in full force. It *had* to be trying to tell her a way out 
of this. She reached desperately for the thought, but it shied away
again, maddeningly. She knew she had to stop trying to get it, needed to 
get her mind on something else. That was easy enough: the forefront of
her mind was occupied with those student voices, now, ratcheting up a
tension in her that she knew would approach an explosion soon. If I can
just make it through first period, she thought, I'll feel like I'll be
okay. Two hours from now, less, it'll be over. I'll tell myself I can
relax then. If I can get through one period there's no reason I can't
get through all of them.

She felt a sudden chill at the thought that the voices might turn on the
machinery. She could try to control the sounds she was making, but had
no control over anybody else's. She stiffened as a particularly rowdy
laugh came to her through the window. She waited for the pain, but
nothing came. It must not be loud enough, she thought in relief. The
outside sounds -- her brain probably magnified them because she knew how
far away they were, but it had actually taken some pretty loud noises,
right there in the room, to turn on the sound-sensitive switches. Even
sounds in the room sometimes weren't enough: a medium hummm she made
with her voice turned on the gag, because it was right there in her
mouth, but hadn't been enough to wake up the other monsters. Even voices
from the classroom, beyond the closed door to the workroom, might not do
it. She hoped. She prayed.

That other thought was back again. She knew her plan to wait out the
day wasn't foolproof, and that part of her that knew how to get free
seemed to clamor louder for her attention when her thoughts turned
in that direction. What *was* it? What was she missing? If she could
just get free she could avoid the tension, the dangers, of waiting
here all through the long hours worrying about discovery. If she
could only find out what it was. Her eyes darted around the room for
the thousandth time, at first avoiding the polaroid but then examining
it with the same intensity. The answer could be there. She quailed
again as she looked at it, so conscious of what anybody would see
when they came in here. If that person was a custodian, nearly alone
in the building after the school day was over, the number of people
who would ever see her like this would be at a minimum. But an
entire classroom full of adolescents? With hundreds more in classrooms
all up and down the hallway? God, God, God, please no. If I know
how to get out of this, please let me figure out what it is.

She started to shiver when the building doors were opened to the kids, 
at 7:30. She could hear the lockers banging, kids talking in the
hallway: the moment she dreaded was getting so close now, after such 
a long night. Once more she tried to get free, feebly twisting her 
wrists in the cuffs, trying to move her knees in any direction, feeling 
close to crying again. She moaned slightly as she heard her own 
classroom door open, and the gag started up again, scaring her. She
sucked on it as it did its familiar wriggling, conscious how shocked 
the students would be to know what the teacher was doing just on the
other side of that closed door. She had alternated facing different
directions all through the night, and now went through the strain of
switching one more time, pressing the side of her head hard onto the
table's surface, letting her weight rest on her forehead for a moment
while rolling it, gently easing down onto the other side of her face,
now looking toward the room's door. She wanted to know the instant
somebody opened it. She hadn't turned while the gag was going before,
and while she was turning the semen flowed towards her mouth, but had
nowhere to go, with her lips making a tight seal around the shaft. She
ended up with an extra-large gob of it to swallow once she was done.
The sticky slickness of it coated her lips, now, disgusting her, not
feeling like saliva. She knew it must be glistening visibly, and felt
a little stream of it succeed in escaping her mouth and flow slowly
down the side of her cheek.

A few more students now came in; conversations were starting. She closed 
her eyes and repeated the thought that was becoming her mantra: they 
won't come in, they'll go down to the office and the office will have 
the librarian baby-sit for an hour. I'll be fine here. As she did it
that nagging feeling came back once more. The gag had turned off again.

Another fifteen minutes and she could relax, really. Once the librarian 
was here and the class got going everything would be under control.

It had to be getting close now. The classroom seemed full. She heard a 
voice not far from the door: "Where is she? She'd usually be here by
now. It sucks if we've got a sub."

Her concerns about the noise level appeared answered: there wasn't a
much noisier place than a junior high classroom just before a class
starts, but the closed door muffled it reasonably well: at least it
brought it down below the threshold of the switches. The tension that
had been building up began to recede once more. Must be very close now,
she thought. It's probably not more than a minute or two till the bell
(she stiffened) SHIT Omigod Omigod that's it that's what my brain's been
trying to tell me Omigod Omigod it wasn't anything about getting free it
was trying to remind me ABOUT THE BELL...

**BRRRRRRRRINGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!**

Instantly everything came alive inside her: she gasped as she felt the 
first shock galvanizing every muscle in her body outward from her
rectum, the whirring mania of the little silver egg generating its 
frenzies between her legs, the gag doing its orgasm dance in her mouth. 
The self-preservation center in her brain sent out furious messages to 
hold on, stay quiet, don't make a sound PLEASE, but the switchboard
wasn't manned for receiving orders from that site, and she listened in
horror as a loud moan came out of her muffled throat. Her insides turned
to water as the door opened, and the faces of Kevin Battey and Sheila
Wood, from the seats nearest the back, were framed in the doorway.

That instant seemed to freeze, every detail burned into her memory: the 
consciousness of being naked, balanced on the tripod of her knees and
head with bare backside up in the air and pointed towards the door, with 
that ridiculous balloon flying from it, her buttocks clenching, her hips
moving, her thighs tightening in rhythm, her mouth giving an active
blowjob to a disconnected penis... Sheila's hands raised to her mouth,
Kevin with his jaw dropping open. 

Time started back up, at last, though in slow motion. A wave of heat 
started from her face and spread to her whole body. Her mind battled
with the tumult of excitement and shame as she heard Sheila saying
"Oh.... my..... God!!!"

And in the most active end of her body, her bladder gave up its
increasingly difficult burden. She moaned helplessly as a stream of
urine spattered onto the table between her knees.

That seemed to finally free time from the syrup it was stuck in. She 
heard the sound of desks being bumped and chairs overturning, and a rush 
of feet. More faces appeared in the doorway, expressing various degrees
of shock and, in many cases, youthful hormones starting up. The ones
with the best view started giggling, trying to stifle it but succeeding 
only partially.

"How could..." / "Stop pushing, lemme see..." / "Look, look at her 
mouth..." / "Ewww, gross..." / "Miss Burton, you okay..." / "Oh right,
she sure looks okay, doesn't she asshole?"... From the back, frantic 
cries of "What is it? What's going on?"

Her long night was over. A long, LONG morning was just beginning.

###




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Erotales


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





