BDSM Library - Debi's Tale




Debi's Tale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Life is boring, but after being introduced to Debi, you will find the fantastic life again. Read this story to learn more about Debi and her brave adventure in her sexuality.
Greetings, gentle reader.  The following story is, as 
always, my property.  Read it.  Enjoy it.  Pass it around 
(if you feel the need).  But please DO NOT change the text 
and upload it elsewhere.

It took me long enough to get it to this stage, and 
changing it will only tend to tick me off.

Also, as you're reading it, please.try to keep you're hands 
out of you're pants (or panties, should that apply).  I 
mean, let's at least TRY to be in control.  Of course, you 
won't be able to, but at least try.  Think of it as a 
quest.

Using your other hand, if you feel the urge to comment on 
the story, feel free to do so by sending your comments to 
leazott@earthlink.net and let me hear what you have to say.

All comments are welcome.naturally.

Ok then.  Here we go.  One More Time.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Debi's Tale
Adult Sexual Fiction

* * * FAIR WARNING NOTICE * * *

The entire following textual depiction is completely a work 
of adult sexual fiction and, unfortunately, fantasy.  No 
part of this story is meant to portray any actual persons, 
places, or events (that's so sad!).  Should any reader find 
similarities between their life and the lives of the 
characters in this accounting, the author apologizes to 
[or, in some cases applauds] that reader.  The story does 
contain scenes of fictional adult sexual content.  It shows 
scenes depicting oral, anal, lesbian, homosexual, and other 
random acts of strictly adult sexual contact.  It also 
contains scenes of rape, domination, submission, and sexual 
slavery and servitude, including (but not limited to), 
bondage, discipline, and random acts of pain/punishment.

If those subject items actually disturb you, then please, 
DO NOT READ BEYOND THAN THIS CHAPTER!  If you are not 21 
years of age or older, you have no business reading this 
information in the first place!  If you are younger than 21 
years old, DO NOT READ FURTHER!

YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF!

Further, I request that you do NOT edit, change, or repost 
this presentation in any way.  




Debi's Tale (Version 2.0)

CHAPTER 1 - DEBI
CHAPTER 2 - FIRST ORDERS OF BUSINESS
CHAPTER 3 - MEALS ALL AROUND
CHAPTER 4 - OUT TO LUNCH
CHAPTER 5 - WANDA
CHAPTER 6 - FIRST SUCK
CHAPTER 7 - LEARNING TRUTH
CHAPTER 8 - SURPRISE!
CHAPTER 9 - BAD GIRL!
CHAPTER 10 - DOUBLE YOUR PLEASURE
CHAPTER 11 - THE PARTY
CHAPTER 12 - PREPARATION
CHAPTER 13 - ROGER DODGER
CHAPTER 14 - THE GAMES
CHAPTER 15 - THE SWITCH
CHAPTER 16 - A PLEASANT DIVERSION
CHAPTER 17 - HUMILITY
CHAPTER 18 - FOR SALE - SLIGHTLY USED
CHAPTER 19 - FIRST '48'
CHAPTER 20 - STRIP MALL
CHAPTER 21 - A FAIRY TALE
CHAPTER 22 - FISTICUFFS
CHAPTER 23 - NIGHTY-NIGHT
CHAPTER 24 - STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT
CHAPTER 25 - THE GIRL NEXT DOOR
CHAPTER 26 - TURN ABOUT IS FAIR PLAY
CHAPTER 27 - CABLE GUY!
CHAPTER 28 - EXOTIC PUNISHMENT
CHAPTER 29 - RING AROUND HER ROSY
CHAPTER 30 - NON-STOP FUN FOR ALL
CHAPTER 31 - HEALING TIME
CHAPTER 32 - PARK PLACE
CHAPTER 33 - ADVENTURES ON THE DARK SIDE
CHAPTER 34 - SERVICE WITH A SMILE
CHAPTER 35 - ONE FOR ALL & ALL FOR ONE
CHAPTER 36 - REST, RELAX, AND ENJOY!
CHAPTER 37 - DUELS IN THE DARK
CHAPTER 38 - FINALE?




Greetings, gentle reader.  The following story is, as 
always, my property.  Read it.  Enjoy it.  Pass it around 
(if you feel the need).  But please DO NOT change the text 
and upload it elsewhere.

It took me long enough to get it to this stage, and 
changing it will only tend to tick me off.

Also, as you're reading it, please.try to keep you're hands 
out of you're pants (or panties, should that apply).  I 
mean, let's at least TRY to be in control.  Of course, you 
won't be able to, but at least try.  Think of it as a 
quest.

Using your other hand, if you feel the urge to comment on 
the story, feel free to do so by sending your comments to 
leazott@earthlink.net and let me hear what you have to say.

All comments are welcome.naturally.

Ok then.  Here we go.  One More Time.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Chapter 1 - Debi

It happens to the best of us.  The daily groan and grind.  
Over and over, the same old monotonous stuff on an equally 
same old monotonous day.  As fate would have it, I grew 
bored with my stagnant day-to-day life and made a conscious 
resolve to change things, at least for a short time.

I don't know how or why it happened, but seemingly from out 
of nowhere, I decided I needed a woman with whom I could be 
in complete control (or vice-versa, depending on the mood).  
I had never done any of the dominant or submissive roles 
before, to any great extent, but I had spent some time 
around folks (most specifically, my sister.but we'll chat 
about that later) who had.  I had this sudden unquenchable 
urge.  So I figured, what the hell, give it a try.

I decided to take a break, and made a phone call to my 
sister, and after exchanging a short greeting, I told her I 
would love to come out that way and maybe visit for a 
spell.  She said sure, and asked me whom I was bringing 
along.

Me:  I have no one important to bring.  I was hoping, 
perhaps, you might be able to set me up with someone umm 
special.  (She knew me well enough to know what I was 
looking for.)

Sis:  Do you have any specifics?

Me:  My usual.  Blonde.  Blue eyes.  Petitish.  Ready, 
willing and able.  I'm looking for only one thing - just to 
set the record straight.

Sis:  I understand completely.  Listen this might be your 
lucky day.  Hold on a sec.  (I heard some chatting and 
giggling in the background, and I could have sworn I heard 
my sister ask someone if they wanted to get lucky).  You 
know it's funny you called just now, because I have someone 
here with me that I think you should speak with.

Me:  Who is it?

Sis:  Her name is Debi, with an 'i'.  Hold a sec.  (more 
giggling)

Debi:  Hi!

Me:  Hi!  When are you going to take me home and rape me?  
(I still can't believe I said that!  I stole the line from 
the movie "Urban Cowboy", and I figured what the hell!)

Debi:  (giggling) When are you coming out?

Me:  Tomorrow.

Debi:  (In a very sultry voice) I'll see you then.

Me:  Great!

Sis:  That about do it for ya?  (more giggling)

Me:  Depends!  Is it what I asked for?

Sis:  ...and more, perhaps more than you can handle.  Have 
I ever lied to you?

Me:  Nope.  See you tomorrow.

I booked a ticket and flew out the next day.  Sis met me at 
the airport and drove me to her place, all the while 
telling me great things about Debi.  Things like how they 
met, and what they were doing just before I called. (No.I'm 
not going to tell you).  When we arrived, there were a 
number of her good looking friends there, toking on a few 
joints.  I joined in (peer pressure...you know the drill).

After about half an hour, I heard some familiar giggling, 
and looked up just in time to see an exquisite blue-eyed 
babe glancing around the doorframe, and she smiled.  She 
was sizing me up, of course, but I never gave her a moment 
to think about what she saw.

Passing the joint back to the nearest person, I got up, 
walked directly to her and took her by the hand, and led 
her directly outside of the back door.  Without saying a 
word, I pulled her to me forcefully and planted a juicy 
kiss on her pretty, tender, red lips.  She surprised me by 
immediately putting her arms around my neck and kissing me 
with a thunderous passion I had not felt in a long time.  
Long breathless moments later, we broke away and she said, 
"You don't waste any time, do you?"
 
While pressing the front of her tight petite body against 
my own, I said: "Who has time to waste?  And, you didn't 
exactly pull away.  Besides, you look good enough to eat.

"To my delight, you actually showed up today, and you're 
literally beaming your need to be, shall we say, handled.  
Allow me the privilege of control, if only for a while."

Her reply amazed me, since I had never been so brazen 
before.  She smiled and said: "I've never had anyone read 
my mind like that."  The look in her eyes said it all.  
There was nothing else to do or say.  Debi was everything I 
imagined she would be.

She was very good looking.  Attractive enough to make your 
teeth ache.  Nicely formed and ready to play, as witnessed 
by the way she stood on her toes and pressed her crotch 
forward, pressing tightly against my own.  We set up a time 
to meet, and I listed a few things she was to do to prepare 
for me.  And from that moment, she let me have control.  
And I took it.

Knowing the local area quite well, I decided on a plan.  I 
slowly pulled out and opened my wallet.  I took out and 
handed her $300.  Looking directly down into her crystal 
blue eyes, I told her "Go to the Mall.  Go to Victoria's 
Secret.  Purchase three sets of properly fitted 
underclothes - bra, panties and garter belt.  Get them in 
three different colors, light pink, white, and powder blue.  
Do you understand what I want?"

She said, "Yes."

I said, "Purchase the items, and they had better be the 
correct size - I'll personally be checking the fit.  You 
will wear the powder blue items with you under your 
clothes, out of the store.  Do you understand what I want?"

Again, "Yes" was her only answer.

"Go do it." I said firmly, and added "I'll meet you at your 
place in exactly 2 hours.  Do not be late."

She smiled, kissed me firmly once again, and left 
immediately.  I figured the worst that could have happened 
is that I would never see her or the money again.

I asked my sister if I could borrow her extra car for the 
time I was here, but she was tossing the keys to me as I 
spoke the words.  With a twinkle in her eye, all she said 
was "Be Happy!"  I really love my sister.  What a friend!

Now, Debi didn't know it, but I followed her to the mall.  
She went inside and I followed from a safe distance.  I 
couldn't believe it!  She was actually going into 
Victoria's Secret and buying the items!  I saw her through 
the store window as she was asking the clerk some 
questions.

She entered the dressing room to try on the items to make 
sure they were her size, and came back out to make the 
purchase at the counter.  However, I noticed that she had 
all 3 sets of underclothes at the counter, and when the 
clerk rang them up, they were all placed into the bag, and 
Debi left the store.

What a surprise she had when she came out and saw me 
standing there at the door looking stern.  Before she could 
utter a word, I asked her if she had done what I told her 
to do.  She said she had and I asked her if she was sure.  
She replied that she had.

"Follow me." I said, and led her by the arm into a long 
hallway off the main mall floor.  It was currently 
deserted.  I stood, blocking the path in front of her so 
that nobody in the mall could see her, I turned, looked 
directly into her eyes, and said "Lift up your skirt."

She looked at me as though I had slapped her in the face, 
but quickly began to smile at me as if I was joking.  My 
look said it all, and she replied, "Here?  Right now?"

I assured her that nobody could see her, and warned her 
never to question my judgment again.  After sneaking a peek 
to check if anyone was around, even after I had told her to 
trust me (in a round about way), she grinned and reached 
down to the hem of her short skirt.

She pulled the front of her skirt up to her waist, and I 
could see that she had on a stunning pair of very pretty 
black-lace French-cut panties that fit her V quite snugly.  
They were mouth-watering.

Without looking back up at her face, I said, "Show me what 
you have in the bag."  She dropped her skirt back down and 
opened the bag.  All three sets of newly purchased 
underwear were in the bag.

I asked her what she was wearing under her clothes.  She 
thought about it for a moment, and it hit her.  She had not 
followed instructions.  She forgot to wear the new undies.

She knew then that she had not done as I had asked, and I 
told her to follow me to my car.  She did, silently.  When 
we got there, I opened up the back door and told her that 
she was to be punished for three reasons.  First, for not 
doing what I had asked of her, second, for lying to me, and 
third, for not trusting me.

She smiled coyly and asked me what her punishment was going 
to be.  I told her she was to receive an immediate spanking 
in the back seat.  For the rest of my life, I will always 
remember the look on her face when she heard me say that.

She said, wide-eyed, "You're going to give me a spanking in 
the back seat of your car in the middle of the parking lot 
with people walking by?"

I replied, "Of course!  Did you actually expect anything 
less?"  I never gave her a chance to answer.

I pulled her 5' 2" firm body into the car, bent her over my 
legs, and began pulling up her skirt.  She was startled, 
and asked me not to undress her in public.

I told her to be silent, pushed her head down with my left 
arm, locked her legs together between my own legs, pulled 
up the back of her skirt with my right hand and ripped away 
her black-lace panties with a single firm yank.  I've 
always wanted to do that.

What a beautifully stunning sight I beheld in the back seat 
of my car.  She had the firmest, shapeliest and prettiest 
ass I had ever seen.  I felt her bare ass to let her know 
that it was really naked and out in the fresh air, as 
pretty as any ever had been, and before I could stop 
myself, I began to spank her soundly.  I did not spank her 
lightly.

She struggled and tried to scream but I stopped and told 
her not to utter a sound until I was done, or I would have 
to start over again.  She knew I wasn't joking.  She was 
told to accept her punishment without quarrel, or I would 
simply leave and go back home.  She apparently had no 
argument for that, so I continued spanking her pretty pink 
bottom.

Once I was through with her devilishly exciting spanking 
(at least, to me it was), she had promised never again to 
lie to me, and to do everything I asked of her, regardless 
of the demand.

Thus, after about 15 very firm slaps of her pretty ass 
cheeks, she agreed to everything, and I ended her first 
punishment.  I know for a fact that at least 4 people saw 
the entire incident, and two of them were young men.  Did 
they ever get a good show!

I couldn't believe her ass could look better, but after the 
spanking (I'm certain that she had never had one like that 
before), her firm cheeks were the prettiest dark pink, and 
very warm to the touch.  After the spanking in the car, I 
stood her back up, and told her that she had to go back 
into the mall.

I told her that she was to go into the same store, now 
pantyless, and tell the clerk that she, "Didn't do as she 
was told."

She also had to say "I need to go back into the dressing 
room, and put on one of my new sexy outfits for my Master."  
Her face immediately turned beet-red, and she asked me not 
to have her do that.

Sternly, I asked her if she wanted another spanking, and 
she said "No, please no, but what you ask is embarrassing."

I replied,  "More embarrassing than getting a spanking in 
public?"  Then I pointed to the two young men still 
watching us.  She had not seen them looking until I pointed 
them out to her.

Her face turned an even darker shade of red than her 
stinking ass cheeks (her being a fair-skinned blonde you 
might imagine her appearance), and the two guys chuckled as 
I waved them away.  They applauded and left, smiling.

She looked up and a new defiant look came over her face, as 
if to say, "All right smarty pants.  Let's see how far we 
can go with this.  Let's just see who has the nerve to 
carry out this thing to its limit!"  She stood up, pulled 
her skirt back down to hide her nakedness, walked into the 
mall, and reentered the store.

Of course, I followed her right up to the counter, looking 
a bit stern.  She wasn't planning on that part.  She 
hesitated, not knowing how to broach the subject to the 
clerk behind the counter.

I looked at her, waiting for her to follow my rules.  To my 
surprise, she did exactly as she was told to do, and the 
clerk simply smiled and said "Don't worry about it honey, 
We get that all the time!"

What a thrill!  I interrupted them and told Debi to go 
stand by the dressing rooms and wait there.  I began 
flirting with the clerk while Debi looked on.

After a short but fact-filled conversation, I found out 
that it seems that this person sometimes got involved on a 
personal level within the fitting rooms, so I got a wicked 
thought.

I walked over to where Debi was standing, whispered 
something in her ear, and I swear she almost collapsed 
under shaking knees.  After she composed herself a bit, she 
glanced back and forth between the clerk and me, and she 
again got that "I accept your challenge" look on her face.  
Without hesitation, she walked up to the clerk.

I must interrupt to tell you that the clerk was about 5' 
7", long, straight brown hair, breasts as full as 
grapefruit, and she was showing a LOT of very firm cleavage 
and thigh.)

Debi said, "Mistress, would you be so kind as to help me 
try on my new pretty panties?"  Without hesitation, the 
clerk stated, "I most certainly will, my dear.  How could I 
refuse someone as lovely as you?"

Debi blushed a deep red, and I told her to go into the 
dressing room and wait for the clerk.  After she was gone, 
I asked the clerk a few more questions.  Without letting me 
finish, she told me that she was bi-sexual and wanted to 
know if she could get 'personal' with Debi.  I smiled and 
said "Feel free to help yourself, and tell Debi that I said 
to 'Behave'.  Oh, one more thing.  Don't leave marks."

She smiled a beautiful toothy smile and after making sure 
another clerk was watching the counter, went into the 
dressing room.  I swear they were in there for a full 20 
minutes before the clerk returned and told me that Debi was 
'ready'.  I knew from the clerk's smile that she had had a 
good time.

Debi, on the other hand, came out of the dressing room a 
minute or two later; a little pale, but she had a strange 
smile on her face and a twinkle in her eye when she saw me.

We left the mall, got back to her car, and she got in the 
driver's seat.  Climbing into the passenger side of her 
car, and closing the door, I leaned over and kissed her 
full sexy lips.  I distinctly smelled the scent of woman on 
her face.  Ignoring the obvious, I smiled and said "Now, 
let me see what you look like in your new clothes."

She said "Here?  In the parking lot?"

I said, "Of course!  Nobody will see you if you scoot down 
a bit.  Now stop questioning me, take off those ugly 
clothes, and let me see what I bought!"

She looked around (wrong move, but I let it go), slid down 
below eye level, and removed everything except the new 
undies she had purchased at the store.  There she sat in 
bra, panties and garter belt only.  Magnificent!  She was 
braver than I had could have hoped.

I told her that when we got together that evening I would 
tell her how she looked.  Then, without any further 
discussion, I took all the clothes she had removed, got out 
of the car and closed the door.

She was shocked!  I leaned in the window, told her to drive 
home safely, and walked over to my car.  I left her sitting 
in her car with that wonderful look on her face.  Then I 
drove out of the parking lot and headed off to her place.

I arrived at her address smiling devilishly to myself all 
the way.  Parking across the street, I tossed Debi's 
clothes into the back seat and waited to see how long it 
would take her to get here.  It didn't take long.  Shortly 
after I arrived, she pulled into her driveway, all 
scrunched down in the front seat.

Luckily, her parking spot was close to her front door.  The 
neighbors would still have a clear view of her, but they 
would have to be looking in her direction at just the right 
time to catch a glimpse.

She hadn't seen me drive up or park, so I watched from a 
convenient spot.  It appeared that she was pondering her 
situation, trying to come up with a solution to her 
dilemma.  After a few minutes, she made her break.

She opened the car door, jumped out, and made a mad dash to 
the front door of the house.  She made the trip in record 
time, no doubt.  It was cute, seeing her in her new 
underwear, trying to be invisible.

I waited in the parking lot for about 10 more minutes, then 
headed to her front door.  I quietly tried the doorknob and 
found that the door was unlocked.  Without waiting or 
knocking I slowly opened the door, stuck my head in, and 
found nobody in the living room.  I quickly walked in and 
closed the front door as quietly as I had opened it.

She wasn't in the living room or anywhere in sight, and she 
must not have heard me come in, for when I finally made my 
way through the house, all the way to the back, I found 
her.  She was in her bedroom, lying on her bed, completely 
involved in a vigorous masturbation episode.  Man!  She was 
absolutely getting it on.

She still had on her new undies, and apparently the erotic 
stimulation of her recent experience was too much for her 
to handle.  As I watched from the shadows of the hallway 
and bedroom door, she seemed insatiable, legs splayed wide 
apart, hands stuffed down the front of her panties, her 
long fingers attacking her soaking pussy without mercy.

Her eyes were tightly closed with absolute concentration on 
what she was doing to herself.  She was breathing heavily, 
hips bucking up to meet her finger thrusts coming down with 
reckless abandon as her fingers attacked what I would 
assume was her throbbing clit.  The way she was frigging 
her slit, you would have thought her cunt on fire.

It probably was.

As I stood there silently watching her voracious finger 
fucking, my cock grew and hardened inside my pants.  Never 
had I ever witnessed an episode of self-gratification such 
as hers.  It was absolutely marvelous to watch!

However, my own heat was turned up, and I knew it was my 
cue to get involved.  Silently, I backed up into the 
hallway, stripped off my clothes, and then peeked in on her 
again.

She was now using an eight-inch, thick-veined, battery 
operated rubber dildo - turned up high, and she was pushing 
it all the way into her cunt and pulling it out again, over 
and over, relentlessly.  She was getting all the 
satisfaction she could take for herself.

She must have recently put new batteries in that dildo 
because it was loud.  I could almost feel the vibrations 
through the bare floor, so I know her cunt was totally 
lathered up around it.  It got louder as she pulled it out, 
and a lot quieter when it was way deep up inside her pussy.  

Her talented hands fucked her own pussy for a few minutes 
more when she began to tremble, and a blind man could tell 
she was cumming in great pulses of pure ecstasy.  She 
shuddered and moaned with definite orgasmic shudders in her 
breathing for a long time and, still breathing heavily, 
fell over onto her side still shaking silently in her 
orgasmic fever.

With her dildo still shoved all the way deep inside her 
pussy lips, she squeezed her gorgeous thighs together, thus 
holding her vibrating rubber cock tightly inside her while 
she finished cumming.  The noise was almost drowned out 
within the inner confines of her crotch.

This scene stimulated me greatly, and I saw my chance to 
pounce when she rolled over away from me, and she started 
shaking in yet another orgasm brought on by the vibrations 
of her toy.

On the spur of the moment, I grabbed my one good 
opportunity to jump in.  And jump, I did.  I leaped into 
the room and onto the bed behind and on top of her.  She 
never saw me coming.

I pushed her over away from me and onto her stomach, and 
covered her head and face with part of the blanket on the 
bed.  She was so shocked she started to wrestle about, 
trying to get out of the situation.  The difference in her 
size and mine was too much for her to handle, and she 
finally succumbed to my strength.  She was breathing 
heavily and shaking like a leaf.  Scared to death.  Yet she 
hadn't said a thing.

I knew that she still had her cunt full of that vibrating 
dildo, so I just waited there on top of her for about a 
minute, listening to it vibrate inside of her.  Neither she 
nor I had uttered a word up to that point.

I beheld her still-pink ass cheeks and she knew she was in 
trouble when I began feeling up the rear parts of her body 
that were uncovered.  She struggled a bit and started 
begging me to let her go.

Using a voice I hoped she wouldn't recognize, I whispered 
through the sheet, into her ear "If you're quiet and don't 
move, it will all be over before you know it.  If you cry 
out or make a scene, the same thing goes...it'll be over 
before you know it."

She didn't know if she was about to get raped or killed, 
but the sound of my ominous voice made her freeze in place.  
Her body shuddered deeply, and I thought I heard her 
weeping, but I wasn't sure.

I was holding her face down on her bed, with my raging hard 
cock lying between the cheeks of her ass, and I could feel 
that damned dildo shaking inside of her.  She still had her 
dildo on high, stuffed completely up inside her cunt, and I 
could feel it vibrating inside her.

I bent over again and whispered in her ear, "It seems to me 
that any woman who looks like you, wandering around outside 
in her panties and bra, is advertising for a fuck.  Well, I 
just happen to have an extra one, and I'm going to give it 
to you for safekeeping.  But, it looks like you already 
have a friend deep inside your pretty pussy, so I'll just 
have to contend myself with fucking your asshole...and I 
bet it's a real tight one!"

Now I had been holding her down easy, because I was 
straddling her upper thighs from the back.  I tightened my 
legs together so that she couldn't move, and I began to 
slide my naked cock down further.  She immediately knew 
what the outcome would be, as soon as she felt my hardness.  
Before I knew it, her adrenaline pulsed and she started 
struggling even more.

However, in the process of her struggles, my cock slipped 
down deeper into the crack of her ass and started pressing 
hard on her secret rear place.  Suddenly, she froze in 
horror.  We both knew what was going to happen.

Once again her struggles renewed, but each time she moved, 
the worse it got for her.  I figured that now was as good a 
time as any, so I pressed harder and harder against her 
rear hole, all the while pressing my weight on top of her 
so that she couldn't move away from the invading cock-head 
between her ass cheeks.

I felt the vibrating dildo inside her pussy, and that just 
made my cock harder.  I felt her tension rising up, but no 
matter how much she squeezed her cheeks together, her ass 
muscles just couldn't hold back the pressure of the head of 
my tremendous hard-on.

I felt the head pop quickly past her sphincter muscle and 
inside her asshole and she grunted in surprise and shock of 
my forced rear entry.  Once the big head of my cock was 
safely inside her, I paused and waited for her to relax.  
It took her quite a while to ease her tension, and she was 
now sobbing quietly to herself.

I wondered why she didn't scream out for help, but the rest 
of this story will explain that.  It didn't matter how long 
it took, there was simply no way to ebb the flow of blood 
to my cock, and I was about to get my first piece of ass 
with Debi.  I was bound and determined it would not hurt 
her, physically.  However, her mental condition was it 
turmoil, to say the least.

After what seemed like five minutes of waiting, her ass 
muscles gave a little and my cock slid in another inch.  We 
did this several times over the next twenty minutes or so, 
and finally I had my fully erect nine inches embedded deep 
within her small, hot, throbbing bunghole.

She struggled and begged me not to do it anymore, and even 
offered to pay me money to stop, but I simply kept pushing 
until I was deep.  All the way inside her ass.

My cock was now pressed up against the length of her dildo 
with only a thin barrier separating them.  The entire 
length of my prick and balls felt the heated vibrations 
within, and I was now on fire.  It was a very sensuous 
feeling to me, but I'm certain Debi wasn't thinking the 
same thoughts.

At least, not until I whispered into her ear, "My god, 
woman.  I wish I had a cunt like you have.  I'd fuck myself 
raw everyday with that earthquake boner you got up inside 
your cunt.  It has a wonderful vibration, but you already 
knew that.  It feels great pressing against the length of 
my cock, from INSIDE your ass."

After another few moments of waiting to be sure she wasn't 
hurting, I began a single long slow stroke out and back 
into her tight asshole.  She immediately clenched her ass 
cheeks together, but all that did was make my sensations 
that much greater.  She had a wonderfully tight little ass, 
and I can personally assure you that it was the first time 
for her.  After a few moments, I gave her another full out 
and in stroke.

This time she just seemed to want me to get it over with, 
for she just exhaled, fell forward under me, relaxed and 
allowed me full access to do what I was going to do, 
regardless of what her actions were.

My strokes grew faster and faster, until I was fucking her 
ass for all it was worth.  The thrill of the actual 'rape' 
made the entire episode great, and although I would never 
have considered doing that under any other circumstances, 
somehow I had the feeling that this would turn out fine.

Damn!  What a powerful feeling it was, at that time, to be 
taking advantage of this woman in this manner.  Using her 
ass for the sole purpose of the pleasure to purge my semen.

The urge to rape is a very intoxicating drug.  I would 
NEVER do this in public life.  I'd go to jail, and perhaps 
Big Louie would be using me for HIS ass fuck.  Nope.  This 
time was special.  I think we both knew it.

I knew that I wouldn't last very long, as tight as she was, 
but to my surprise she began to loosen up a bit more and 
fucking her got easier.  I lasted longer without her 
struggling.  But her relaxation only spurred me on to even 
greater depths and harder strokes.

What with the velvety smoothness of her asshole and the 
torrid heat inside her ass, coupled with the sensations of 
that damned vibrating dildo rubbing up against my cock on 
each and every stroke, I soon felt that most wonderful 
sensation welling up inside of me.  In no time I began to 
unload my cum between her ass cheeks!

She must have felt me starting to cum inside her, because I 
could have sworn she lifted her ass up against me and I 
felt an orgasmic shudder from her.  But, of course, I 
couldn't be sure.

As soon as my spasms were through, I bent down and 
whispered in her ear, "If that was as good for you as it 
was for me, I'd know you'd love me to fuck your ass 
again...and I just might have another go at it...someday.

"For now though, I'm going to pull my dick out of your ass, 
get up, put on my clothes, and leave quietly.  If you try 
to uncover yourself, call out for anyone, or tell anyone 
what happened, you will pay dearly.  Now, you are not to 
uncover your face until you hear the door to your house 
close, you got that, honey?"

She was shaking again, and through a soft sob, replied with 
a nod of her head and a meek "Uh huh." into the pillow.  I 
very slowly pulled out of her so-tight ass, climbed off 
her, walked backward to the door of her bedroom and quickly 
got back into my clothes.

I opened the front door, left...and didn't close it tight.  
This gave me a chance to get away without being seen, for 
she would be waiting for the door to close before she dared 
to get up.

I walked to my car, drove to a local corner store, and 
called Debi on the phone.  The phone rang several times 
before she finally answered it.  I was a little concerned 
when Debi didn't answer the phone right away, but after a 
few rings she picked up with a subdued "Hello?"

I said, "Hello there...did you get home safely?"

She surprised me by giggling and stating "Yes, I did, and 
that was a mean thing to do to me, leaving me there in the 
parking lot in my underwear."

"Mean?" I asked.  "Are you telling me it didn't give you a 
thrill?"

"Well, of course it did", she said, and added, "I just 
wasn't expecting it, is all.  There were a lot of things 
that happened to me today that I didn't expect.  You made 
me do some pretty risky things there at the mall."

"Are you ready for a little more...or can't you handle the 
pressure?" I asked.

She said, "Well, I guess I can handle pretty much anything, 
now that I know where we stand."

"Great!  Have you ever been anyone's sex slave?"

"Well, that depends on what you mean by a sex slave." she 
replied.

"A slave does what she or he is told to do, when they are 
told to do it, with no questions asked.  I promise not to 
give too much pain, as I'm not really into such things, but 
more spankings are definitely in order should you disobey 
me."

"Hmmm, this is sounding better and better all the time."

"OK, I'll be right over.  Ready to start as soon as I get 
there?"

"Yes, please.  I could use the company."

"Grand.  Here's what you must do to prepare for me..." I 
gave her a list of things to do, and how to get ready for 
my arrival.  I didn't give her much time to write down the 
instructions, as I figured I would see how good she was at 
listening.

Before she had a chance to respond to all my wishes, I told 
her I would be over in exactly one hour, and hung up the 
phone.  After all, I had to take a shower.

After cleaning up and putting on fresh clothes, I headed 
back over to Debi's place.  I knocked on the door.   Now I 
would see how much information she had remembered, and how 
she would perform.

The door opened and there before me, naked as the day she 
was born, stood an extremely attractive woman.  This was 
the very first chance I had had to see her naked vertical 
form in a good light.  Debi was exceptionally well formed.  
Please allow me the satisfaction of describing her in as 
much detail as I can.

.To Be Continued.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mister &lt;Z&gt; Hisself


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





