BDSM Library - Family Raped and Ravaged




Family Raped and Ravaged
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Just as father/husband leaves on a biz trip, two convicts escape from jail. The wife, although she has a wet dream body, is sexually repressed, from years of being brought up in a very moralist, religious household. The covicts fuck both the mother, and her teenaged daughter. Then they call their boss, who sends his girlfriend over to pick up the convicts, and kidnap the mother & daughter. The boss uses & trains the 2 women, eventually selling the mother to a very sadistic couple. Eventually the daughter escapes, and calls the police, who comes to the mother's rescue. After being reunited with her family, they live sexually happily ever after.
                        FAMILY RAPED AND RAVAGED

                            by Donna Allen



                              CHAPTER ONE



"Christ, you sleep too much," he said. Ellen Wagner groaned. She was still
half-asleep. Phil was already out of bed, dressing for his trip. She mumbled
an answer. She was aware the sheet was down at her hips, her body uncovered.
She pulled at the sheet and covered herself. She didn't want him to start
anything. He had a habit of wanting to fuck at the most unlikely times. This
morning, he was leaving to go on a business trip, but that wouldn't stop him.
Cindy, their teenaged daughter, had slept at a friend's house last night, and
Phil might decide to take advantage of the fact that they were alone.

She was right. He suddenly sat down on the bed and leaned over her. He was
still in his underwear. He stretched out and cuddled behind her. She could
feel his cock pressing against her ass as he kissed her neck.

"You're not sleeping," he said.

It was clear he wanted to fuck. He fondled her tits. He stroked her ass. She
was naked under the sheet. She wanted him to go away.

"Please, Phil."

"Come on, let's have a little."

"I'm not awake yet. It's too early."

"I won't see you for two weeks."

"You should have thought of that last night."

"Come on, Ellen. Last night you had that TV show you were watching. And the
night before, it was something else. You don't like it at night and you don't
like it in the morning. What the hell are you saving it for?"

He continued kissing her neck. He squeezed her tits under the sheet. Then his
hand slid down over her belly and between her legs. She couldn't stop him.
They'd had long years of marriage and she'd never liked the fucking. Not ever.
The problem went all the way back. She'd had a religious upbringing. A
childhood filled with Sunday school and Bible reading and sermons against
smoking and drinking and lust. Her mother always spoke against sex. They told
her the devil was biding everywhere. Then she grew up and met Phil and they
got married. Devil or no devil, she didn't like fucking. Sex was so messy, and
sometimes it seemed sinful. Phil seemed to want to fuck all the time.
Sometimes she blamed herself for their problems, but mostly she blamed Phil.
He was a man, and men were like animals when it came to sex. Her mother had
always said that, and she'd been right. It was sinful to take pleasure in sex.

She wanted more children, but Phil was against it. He insisted they stop with
Cindy, and now she wouldn't have a second child, because she was already
thirty-five, a good-looking thirty-five. Phil always told her how beautiful
she was, and her friends told her too. Ellen knew men found her sexy.
Sometimes she liked teasing them. She liked the idea that she could turn a
man on. She liked getting their cocks up. She'd always liked that part about
being a woman. She was something of a cock tease. In high school, she had
liked getting the boys turned on, but she'd never done anything with them. It
was the wickedness inside her. She felt awful about it.

She liked getting Phil aroused. It made her feel like she had some power over
him. But at the moment, she wished he would go away. She groaned in protest
as he forced her legs apart. In a moment he had his fingers in her pussy. She
could feel his hard-on, his stiff cock pressing against her ass. He had his
cock out of his shorts, and he kept pushing it between her ass cheeks. She
could feel the heat of his prick-knob, as he slid his cock back and forth in
the crack of her ass.

Then the sheet fell off, and she was completely naked. She chided herself for
sleeping without anything. No wonder he was turned on. It was all her own
fault. She hated it when he fucked her, and yet, she liked turning him on. It
was crazy. Now he was at her and he wouldn't stop once he got like this. He
had a long trip ahead of him, but he didn't care. He cared about nothing now
except fucking her. Phil kept insisting, and finally she had to give in.

She told him it would have to be a quick one. "You don't have time for
anything else. You'll be late for your plane."

He laughed. "Let me worry about that."

He quickly pulled his shorts off. He stroked her ass, and she felt him pulling
her ass cheeks apart to look at her ass crack. She hated sex in daylight. It
somehow made it so much more sinful to do it in the light. He stroked her cunt
from behind. He muttered something about her being dry. He reached over to get
the bottle of baby oil off the night table. In a moment, she felt his oily
fingers in her pussy. He lubricated her cunt hole. Then his cock was pushing
at her cunt mouth. His cock fucked inside her cunt hole. Phil groaned, as he
slammed his prick home. He held her hips, as he screwed his cock around in
her cunt.

"Yeah, that's good, honey."

He liked fucking her from behind. He always said she had a great looking ass.
He liked fucking her when they were both on their sides, and she had her back
to him. Now his hand squeezed her tits, as he started fucking his cock in and
out, and she felt violated. He had a big cock and she hated having it invading
her body. She couldn't help it. She supposed some women might like fucking,
but not her. She always remembered her childhood, the church, the way everyone
said sex was bad, and pleasure a sin. Getting married didn't change a thing.

She groaned now, as Phil fucked her. She prayed that he would finish soon. She
hated the wetness down there. She hated the way he behaved like an animal when
he fucked her. The rest of the time, he was easy to get along with, but when
he fucked her, it was awful and she hated him. It was almost as if he suddenly
became transformed into a complete stranger. He became a drooling victim of
the devil. Or maybe he wasn't a victim at all. Maybe it was just what he
wanted.

She was always afraid about Cindy. She didn't know what to do about Cindy and
her boyfriends. Phil always encouraged Cindy to enjoy herself with her friends.
Sometimes Ellen wondered how they ever got together in the first place. Maybe
she and Phil didn't even belong together. As he fucked Ellen, Phil was also
thinking about their marriage. He always had a good time fucking her. After
all the years, she still turned him on, and he still enjoyed plowing in the
old furrow. She had a great body, riper now than when she'd been a girl and
even sexier. Solid tits and a gorgeous ass. Great legs and firm thighs. He
loved fucking her like this. She had such a tight cunt when he took her like
this. He'd always had fantasies about fucking her ass, but he'd never done it.
She wouldn't allow it. She was old-fashioned about sex.

He was afraid that she would ruin Cindy. He hated the idea of Cindy growing
up to be inhibited like her mother. A girl couldn't be happy like that. He
hated Ellen's family. They were all religious nuts. They thought the answer
to everything was in the Bible. "Fuck the Bible!" Phil thought.

Ellen's tit felt so good in his hand. She had fat juicy nipples, the tips
long and thick, just the kind that he liked. He liked heavy tits that hung a
bit from their weight, like Ellen's. She was still a great looking woman. She
always drew the eyes of people when they were out somewhere. The people who
looked at her probably thought she was hot-blooded. He was the only one who
knew the truth. She wasn't hot-blooded at all, she was inhibited and repressed,
and all the rest of it, that came with a religious brain-washing during
childhood. That stupid fucking Sunday school, and her tight-assed parents.
The preachers, the Bibles, and all the bull shit talk about the devil. If
there was such a thing as the devil, then people like Ellen's mother and
father worked for him.

He had no idea if Ellen had ever had an orgasm. Sometimes it seemed that
something was happening when he fucked her, but he thought she faked it. He
loved everything about her, except her attitude toward sex. In the meantime,
Ellen was still praying that Phil would hurry up and finish with her. She
tried not to move. She kept still ,and let him fuck her any way he wanted.
She could feel the wetness between her thighs. Her juices were running. She
hated it. She hoped he wouldn't make her roll over on her belly. Sometimes he
wanted to fuck her like t�at. She would lie flat on her belly and he would
get it in from the back. Or he would have her kneeling like a dog. She hated
that the most. It was so obscene, like two animals. Sometimes he even played
with her ass hole, and she had to push his hand away. That was the filthiest
thing he ever did.

She could tell he was having a hot time now. She could hear him breathing
hard, as he churned his fucker in her cunt. Yes, he was having a ball doing
it. Well, she wasn't. She hated it, as always, but he was going on a trip,
and she told herself she had to fulfill her wifely duties. It was sinful the
way he took so much pleasure in fucking her. They were not having children
anymore, and she didn't need the fucking.

Then she felt him speeding up. He was ramming her cunt now. She could hear
him grunting. His hand squeezed her tit with more force. How she hated it.
Like two beasts. That big prick of his fucking in and out of her pussy. The
way he grunted each time he slammed against her. His hand was hurting her tit.
The bed was shaking now. She was glad Cindy was out of the house. She hated
it when Phil was so vigorous like this.

Then he made a raspy noise in his throat as he started cuming. She could feel
him pumping his cum-load in there. He groaned, as he pounded against her ass.
His cock was like an animal burrowing inside her body. God shouldn't have made
it like this. It was too awful for a woman. She couldn't bear it. She could
feel his jism gushing out. She hated the sticky slime that came out of his
cock. One time, he had cum in her hand, and she had been thoroughly disgusted
with it.

He was finished now. His hand opened to release her tit. He pulled back,
pulled his slimy cock out of her cunt, as he rolled over on his back with a
groan.

She quickly left the bed and went to the bathroom. She closed and locked the
door, and she sat down on the toilet to let his jism run out of her cunt. How
disgusting it was. She wiped her pussy. She wanted to get to sleep again. She
was glad they'd agreed he'd have breakfast at the airport. Now he'd get out
of the house and leave her alone. When she went back to the bedroom, she found
him already out of bed and dressing to leave. She climbed onto the bed and
pulled the sheet over her.

Phil looked at her and smirked. "Tired?" he asked.

Ellen closed her eyes and replied, "There's nothing wrong with that."

"If you liked fucking, you wouldn't be so tired."

"Let's not have a fight."

"You really don't like it, do you?"

"I like it as much as I can."

"Bull shit!''

"Phil, you'll be late for the plane."

"You're frigid, Ellen."

"I'm not anything. I'm just an ordinary woman."

"Yeah, sure."

"I can't help it the way I was brought up."

"You're like an icebox in bed."

"And you're like an animal."

"Oh, shit!"

They continued bickering with each other and gradually it became hotter. She
wished he'd leave. She wanted to cry, but she wouldn't give him the
satisfaction. Thank God, Cindy was out of the house. Then finally Phil was
ready to leave. He came over and sat on the edge of the bed.

"Okay, let's forget it. Let's not fight about it." he said, then leaned over
and kissed her good-bye.

She kissed him back. She did love him. They were just two ordinary people,
and they needed each other. He patted her cheek and smiled at her. "Take care
of yourself while I'm gone. And Cindy too."

Then he walked out. She waited until she heard the front door close, and then
she sighed and relaxed. All right, he's gone, she thought. After a while, she
left the bed and turned the television on. She was depressed about the
argument. The news was on, but she was too distracted to listen. She vaguely
heard something about escaped convicts. She paid no attention to it. She had
her own problems.

She yawned and rubbed her eyes, as she walked into the bathroom. She looked
at herself in the bathroom mirror. Her eyes were bleary. She smiled at
herself. Life wasn't that bad. She didn't have a hard life, not like some
women. She and Phil had a nice house, and it was far enough away from the
city to almost be in the country. Far enough away to hear the crickets at
night. She liked it this way. She liked the isolation.

Sometimes Cindy complained it was too dull, but there was something to be
said for being all the way out here, away from the wickedness of the city.
She was happy that Phil made enough money to keep her at home. But now that
Cindy was growing up, Ellen had been thinking about a job. She was in no rush.
She squeezed some toothpaste out on the brush and brushed her teeth. After
that she went to the kitchen and had some orange juice. She poured out some
of the coffee Phil had made, sipped it and put it down. She thought about
Phil fucking her before. Of course he was right about her being cold. She
just didn't like fucking. She wasn't turned on by sex. Men didn't turn her on
at all. She didn't like looking at Phil's cock and balls when he was naked.
Sometimes it was nice when lie touched her. If he was very gentle, she
sometimes liked to be touched. She liked it when he whispered in her ear.
That was the way he'd courted her. It seemed so long ago, she could hardly
remember it. All those evenings on her front porch, with her parents carefully
watching them from inside. She liked romance She liked it when he told her she
was beautiful.

She finally left the kitchen. She went back to the bedroom and into the
bathroom again. She climbed into the shower and turned the water on. In a
moment she was drenched.

She felt better under the shower. Phil would be gone a few weeks and maybe
she'd have time to do something in the garden. She might even go into the
city to do some shopping. It wasn't a bad life. A woman had to learn how to
cope.

She lathered her body with a bar of soap. She thought of Phil again as she
ran the soap over her tits. He always liked her tits. She fondled her body as
she soaped herself. She slipped a hand between her legs to do her pussy. She
ran the bar of soap between her cunt lips. Her pussy was still tender from the
fucking. When she had her cunt gash soaped up, she touched her clit with her
fingers. She remembered how Phil had once told her she had a big clit and that
he was surprised because women with big clits were usually turned on to sex.

Well, he didn't know everything, did he? She started rubbing her clit slowly.
She was no stranger to masturbation. She'd always done it. She couldn't
remember the first time, but it had to be when she was very young. No matter
how much she disliked fucking, she always came when she masturbated. Her
little secret. Of course, it was sinful. But she told herself it was only
a little sin. A woman needed some way to relieve the tension.

Now she tried her middle finger inside her cunt hole. She screwed the finger
around a bit. Part of it was to get clean, but it did feel good if she did it
just right. She used another finger to touch her ass hole. Every once in a
while, Phil talked about fucking her ass. Of course, she wouldn't allow it.
It was a filthy idea. And she was certain lie would tear her apart if he tried
ass-fucking her.

She kept rubbing her cunt until she had a small orgasm. She never allowed
herself anything more. Just a small climax to get some of the edge off her
nerves.

She finally finished in the shower. She came out and dried herself off on
the bathroom rug. She brushed her hair, then she put a robe on and went back
to the kitchen.

The coffee in her cup was cold now, and she poured another cup out of the
simmering pot. She sat at the kitchen table drinking the coffee as she stared
out the kitchen window to the garden.

She wondered what went on in other marriages. The nearest home was a good
distance away. Two old people. She didn't have many friends. Not since they'd
moved here from Denver. She didn't mind it. Cindy seemed happy. And Phil was
doing very well in his job.

Of course, she had this restlessness inside her. She told herself it was
natural, because she wanted more children and it hadn't happened. Then
suddenly she heard a noise somewhere in the house. Or maybe it was outside
the house. She wasn't concerned. She'd always felt safe out here. Then she
heard a noise again. and this time it was clear it was inside the house.

Another noise. She suddenly had a knot of fear in her chest. Then she gasped
when a man suddenly appeared in the doorway to the kitchen.

He grinned at her. "Take it easy, baby. Just take it easy and don't try
anything."

She sat there staring at him, paralyzed with fear. For the first time now,
she noticed he had a knife in his hand. He wore a blue jumpsuit. Then she
remembered the prison ten miles down the road. The convicts in the prison
always wore blue jumpsuits.




                              CHAPTER TWO



He kept griming at her. "My name's Cal, honey. What's yours?"

She was terrified. She couldn't imagine how he had come into the house without
anyone hearing him. Then she remembered she'd been in the shower. She trembled
as she looked at him.

"What do you want?" she asked nervously.

He chuckled. "Don't try anything foolish."

"If it's money you want, I don't keep much in the house. But I'll give you
what I have, if you go."

"I don't need your money, lady."

"Then . . . what?"

He grinned at her again. She had no doubt about the jumpsuit now. He was
certainly a convict from the prison. Now she remembered the news broadcast 
about escaped convicts. This had to be one of them. That was what he was. The
man standing in her kitchen was an escaped convict. She could hardly believe
it. This was something that happened to other people. And the way he looked at
her was tile most frightening thing of all. He seemed totally unafraid of her,
as if he could do anything he wanted and get away with it.

He saw the recognition in her eyes. "I guess they had it on television."

She nodded. "Yes."

"What did they say?"

She told him she didn't remember much. Something about escaped convicts from
the prison.

He grinned and said he was one of them. "Stand up, honey."

She trembled. "What for?"

"Never mind what for, just stand up!"

She was too afraid to refuse. She stood up. He looked her up and down and
smiled. He said he wanted her to show him her bedroom.

"We'll be more comfortable on a bed," he remarked.

On a bed? Her stomach turned over as she walked past him. He chuckled and
patted her ass as he followed her. He started talking about his time in
prison. He said he needed a piece. He said he'd been locked up a long time
and he wanted a woman.

She was desperate. It was obvious he was going to rape her. She thought about
Cindy. Her daughter ought to be home from her friend's house soon.' She was
afraid for Cindy. If only she could get him out of the house before Cindy
arrived. Maybe if she gave him what he wanted, he would leave.

When they were finally in the master bedroom, he asked about her family. "Who
else lives here?"

She told him. She lied and told him Phil would return soon. "He usually comes
back in the morning about ten."

Cal laughed. "That's a lie, baby. I saw him drive away with luggage in his
car."

Then he looked her up and down. "You never told me your name."

"Ellen."

"Nice name. Who's the girl in that picture on the dresser?"

"That's my daughter. She's away at my mother's place and she won't be back
for another week."

Cal smiled. "Then it's just the two of us, isn't it?"

She looked away. "I guess so."

He ordered her to get her robe off. He said he wanted to look at her. "I've
been looking at magazines for four years. Show me something real, cutie."

Ellen was dismayed. There wasn't any way she could refuse him. He could easily
kill her if he wanted to. Her only chance was to do what he wanted and pray
that he wouldn't harm her, or harm Cindy. The idea of him touching Cindy was
too much to think about.

She slipped the robe off and draped it over the back of a chair. Trembling,
she stood there naked.

He snickered. "Oh, yeah!"

He looked her over. He said he liked her tits. Then he ordered her to turn so
he could see her ass. She turned her back to him. She felt his hot eyes on her
body. When at last he told her to face him again, she turned and saw that he
had his cock dangling out of an opening in the front of his jumpsuit. He took
a hold of his cock with one hand. In the other hand, he held his knife. He
smiled at her.

"Oscar here says hello."

She stared at his big ugly prick. She was mesmerized by it. She watched his
fingers as he slowly stroked his cock shaft.

"Do you like cock, baby?"

Ellen quivered. "I... I don't know."

He laughed. "Christ, lady, you've got a husband, haven't you? Doesn't he have
a dick?"

She was in a helpless daze. When he told her to get down on her knees, she
moved like a robot. He came forward. He ordered her to suck his cock as he
pulled his foreskin back to show her his cock head. She was nauseated by the
smell of his prick, repelled by his cock flesh. She thought of Cindy again.
She thought of the knife he was holding. She had to do it.

He coaxed her. He pushed his cock against her lips, and after a moment she
opened them. His warm prick slid inside her mouth. Warm and fat, forcing her
jaws open with its bulk. She did her best not to retch. She prayed she would
faint, but of course it didn't happen. Cal chuckled, as he held half the
length of his cock inside her open mouth.

"Yeah, that's good, baby. You look good."

Then he made her take more cock. His cock meat continued sliding over her
tongue. The smell of him was awful. He smelled like he hadn't bathed in a
month. She hated what he was doing to her. She hardly ever sucked Phil. She
hated it when Phil made her do it. Now she had this big prick forced inside
her mouth. He pulled at her head and told her to take more. In a moment, his
prick-knob was pushing at her throat. She felt like gagging. She was afraid
she would choke, but she was also afraid he'd be angry if she gagged, so she
held her breath and took it.

Then at last he pulled back and she could breathe again. He started fucking
her mouth slowly while he talked to her. He told her she had nice lips. He
fucked his cock slowly in and out of her open mouth and stroked her head. He
seemed almost affectionate. He told her how bad things had been in prison. He
said he wanted her to be nice to him. He said if she was nice to him, nothing
bad would happen to her.

After a while, he started fucking her mouth more forcefully. He muttered as
he did it. She could tell he was getting close. She prayed he would pull his
cock out of her mouth before he came, but he continued fucking his prick in
her mouth until the end. He grunted as he came. He held her head in place as
he spurted his cum-load over her tongue. She took his hot cum-load down her
throat. This was the first time in her life she had ever done it, and she
thought she would die. All that ugly slime sliding downs her throat. Phil had
never done that to her. If she sucked Phil's cock, it was always a prelude to
fucking. He always came in her pussy. Cal finally let her pull her face away.
He used his fingers on his cock, and another big spurt of cum suddenly shot
out and hit her face. He laughed when he saw it. He said now she could think
of herself as being baptized again.

She groaned as she wiped her face with her hand. She got up and sank down
again into a nearby chair. Cal chuckled and started talking about cock sucking.
He asked her if she sucked her husband's cock.

"You don't seem too experienced," he said.

"Please . . . I don't know what you want. You ought to go now, before they
catch you."

He laughed and told her to suck his cock again. He said he wanted her to get
his prick hard again. He said she had a pretty mouth. When she made no move
to obey him, he came to her and slapped her face. She started crying. He
pulled at her head. He threatened her with his knife until she took his cock
in her mouth again.

This time, she was sitting in a chair and the strain wasn't as great. His
cock wasn't completely soft. He brought his balls out and jiggled them against
her chin as she sucked his prick. He had big hairy balls, and the smell of 
them was overpowering. She quivered with disgust when he told her to lick his 
balls. But she did it. She let his cock fall out of her mouth and she moved 
her lips to his hairy ball-bag. She licked his balls until he grew tired of 
it.

He told her to suck his cock again. She continued sucking his cock until he
had another hard-on. He taunted her. He said she had the mouth of a cock
sucker.

"Nice lips. Next time, you do me with lipstick. You'll put on a nice red
lipstick for me, huh?"

Next time? She trembled as he pulled his cock out of her mouth. He rubbed
his cock-knob over her face, the tip of his prick leaving wet streaks on her 
cheeks.

He told her to get on the bed. She did what he wanted, then she watched as he
got out of the jumpsuit. He put the knife down as he did it.

"You try anything and I'll cut your face," he warned.

His underwear came off. He had a big hairy body. Lots of dark hair around his
cock and balls and over his stomach and chest. He lifted his balls in his
hand and smiled at her.

"Show me some pussy, baby. Open your legs."

She moved her thighs apart. She saw the lust in his eyes, and she prayed he
would fuck her and leave before Cindy arrived home. She was in a panic that
he would get hold of Cindy and rape her.

He came onto the bed now and knelt between her legs. His cock swayed like a
club, a heavy prick with a fat knob, almost purplish in color. He told her to
pull her knees back, and when she did what he wanted he mounted her. He
worked his cock inside her cunt. He groaned as he fucked in.

"Tight, baby, tight. You're a gorgeous piece."

She was tight because she was dry, but he didn't seem to care about that, or
about hurting her. What he cared about was the way her cunt grabbed at his
cock as he fucked in. When he had his prick all the way inside her cunt
channel, he lay down on top of her. He told her to get her legs around him.
He started fucking her. His cock sawed in and out and he held her ass in his
hands. He squeezed her ass cheeks as he pounded her cunt.

She could smell his foul breath. She kept her eyes closed. She prayed he'd be
quick. She could feel his big balls slapping against her ass as he fucked her.

Then suddenly he pulled his prick out. He knelt back on the mattress and told
her to turn over and get on her knees. She trembled with fear that he'd want
to fuck her ass, but she had no choice. She rolled over and positioned herself
on her knees with her ass facing him and her head down.
He chuckled as he stroked her ass cheeks. 

"It's a nice butt. Come on, get those legs apart. You're acting like you
don't even know how to fuck."

She did what he wanted. He tickled her cunt lips with his fingers. He spread
her cunt wide open. Then she felt his cock again. She was thankful he was
fucking her cunt and not her ass. He grunted as he drove his prick home.
Leaning over her, he grabbed her tits in his hands and growled in her ear.

"I bet you're a hot fuck with your old man. Come on, let's see some of it.
Shake your ass, baby!"

He started pounding her pussy. His belly slapped her ass cheeks each time he
fucked in. He was kneeling back now, holding her hips with his hands, as he
fucked her. She felt his big cock sliding in and out of her cunt. Her pussy
was wet. She could feel the lubrication in her cunt channel. She was mortified
by it. God, how she hated him! He continued pounding her pussy from the rear,
until finally he shot off in her cunt. He grunted as he came. He rolled his
hips around as he churned his cock in her pussy. Then at last he pulled out
and patted her ass.

"Nice tight cunt. I thought maybe you'd have a fucked-out pussy, but you're
still good." He told her to turn around and take his cock in her mouth. He
wanted her to clean his prick. "Suck it off, honey. I like a clean dick."

She sucked his limp cock, until he pushed her away. Then he left the bed and
looked at the photos of her and Phil and Cindy on the dresser. He questioned
her about her husband and daughter. He said he would hurt her if she lied.
She had to tell him what Phil did for a living. Then he asked where Cindy 
was. "And don't give me any bull shit."

She trembled as she told him the truth. She said Cindy was at a friend's
house. She was so afraid of him.

Cal smiled. "You lied before, huh? You got this cute teenage pussy in the
house and you don't want me to get near it."

He had such evil in his eyes. She felt so degraded by him. He'd fucked her
twice, and she'd sucked his cock before and after. Now he made her leave the
bed. He told her to come into the bathroom with him. He said he didn't trust
her. She had to stand there and watch him piss. She was completely digested
by it. He saw the look on her face and he laughed at her.

After he finished pissing, he told her to sit on the toilet. She sat down. He
smiled at her and told her to piss. He pointed the knife at her and warned
her. She was helpless. She did have to go, but to do it this way, with
someone watching her, was so awful. She started pissing when he moved the
knife close to her face. He laughed at her. He told her not to be so bashful.

"Now flush the toilet and let's get down to the kitchen."

He made her walk in front of him. They were both still naked. When they were
inside the kitchen, he unlocked the back door. Then he told her to make some
breakfast for him.

He said, "I want bacon and eggs and toast. And don't burn the fucking toast.
I hate it when the toast is burned."

"Can I put something on?"

"Fuck that! I want you naked." he said, "I like looking at you just the way
you are."

He squeezed her tits and laughed, as he slapped her on the ass. "You're nice
to look at, you know that honey."

She set about getting him breakfast. Once more hoping that afterwards he would
leave. Maybe he'd forget about Cindy. She worked at the stove making his
bacon and eggs, while he sat at the kitchen table. He turned the television
on. He talked to her about the soap opera on the screen.

"I used to watch the soaps in the can all the time." he said.

She was conscious of his eyes on her body, as she moved around the kitchen.
She prayed Cindy wouldn't come home. What could she do? She thought of running
out the back door, but she was certain that he would catch her first. She had
to play along with him until she could think of something. There was still a
chance, that after he had breakfast he'd clear out. He'd already cum twice,
and she doubted he would want to fuck her again. Then she felt his hand on
her ass as she stood at the sink. He laughed as he tickled her cunt from
behind.

"Hold still honey."

But she squirmed when he touched her ass hole. He said she had a great ass,
and that he liked a woman with a good ass. Then he slapped her ass and told
her to bend over the sink. When she complied, he told her to spread her ass
cheeks with her hands. She hesitated a moment, then she did that, too. She
felt him looking at her ass hole. She felt so awful having him do that. He
touched her ass hole with his finger.

"You get enough here from your old man?"

"Please don't . . ."

"Answer the question."

"He doesn't . . . I mean, I've never.

Cal laughed. "Cherry ass? Jesus Christ, a cherry ass!"

He pressed against her now as he played with her ass. She felt his cock
rubbing up and down her ass crack. She was desperately afraid now, afraid
that he'd fuck her in the ass, but what he wanted was her cunt again. He
spread her cunt hole with his fingers, then he pushed his cock inside of her
cunt channel and started fucking her. He held onto her hips, as his cock
fucked in and out of her pussy. He told her to move her ass.

She was amazed that his cock was hard again. Then she remembered he'd been in
prison. She was probably the first woman he'd had sex with in years. She felt
his big balls slapping against her cunt lips each time he rammed into her. He
talked to her about her cunt. He said he liked her body. The pace picked up
and he was soon pounding her from behind. He grunted while he fucked her. She
kept her head hanging over the sink and her legs wide apart, as he fucked
harder and harder.

His big hands squeezed her hips, and when he finally he shot off inside of
her cunt, she felt the wetness moving around inside of her cunt hole. She
felt so helpless. He made her feel like a helpless animal. He kept his cock
fucking in and out of her cunt, even after his balls were drained. Suddenly
the back door opened, and another man came in, pushing Cindy in front of him.

The new man closed the door quickly. Cindy's eyes were wide with shock. The
new man grinned at Cal.

"Fucking up a storm, huh?" he said, putting his arm around Cindy, "Look what
I found outside."

He wore a blue jumpsuit just like Cal's. Another convict! Ellen's heart sank,
as she realized now that there were two of them, and they had Cindy.




                                CHAPTER THREE



"Yeah, that's nice," he said.

Ellen was on her back, on the bed, in her bedroom, doubled over and tied up,
her wrists and ankles fastened to the bedposts with rope. She had her weight
resting almost completely on her shoulders. Her legs were pulled all the way
over her head. She was naked, her cunt and ass completely exposed by the
position.

The second man was alone in the room with her. His name was Mickey. He stood
by the bed and grinned down at her. He was the one who had tied her up. Now
he stood there, enjoying the view. Cal was downstairs with Cindy. Ellen was
so afraid for the girl. These men were beasts. She and Cindy would be lucky
to get out of this alive.

Mickey taunted Ellen. "Comfortable, sweetie? We don't want you to be
uncomfortable."

He sat down on the edge of the bed and stroked the undersides of her thighs.
His hand moved down to her ass and he tickled her cunt. His fingers probed
between her cunt lips. He rubbed her cunt and grinned when she moaned and
squirmed.

"How does it feel? What do you like, two fingers or three fingers? Hell, this
is definitely a two-finger pussy, I couldn't possibly get three in there. Cal
said you had a tight cunt, and he was right."

Ellen started sobbing. "I don't want you to hurt my daughter."

Mickey just grinned. He kept rubbing her cunt with his fingers, but just on
the outside. He rubbed up and down between her cunt lips. She was terrified
of them, terrified of what would happen to Cindy. She felt so helpless as
Mickey fondled her. He laughed, as he pulled at her cunt hair. She felt his
fingers pushing between her cunt lips again. Then his fingers were inside her
cunt hole.

He fucked her pussy with his middle finger and forefinger. She squirmed when
he touched her ass hole, with the other fingers of his hand. Then his fingers
came out of her cunt, and he brought some of her cunt juice down to her ass
hole. He rubbed the juice over the outside of her ass hole. This time one of
his fingers slipped inside her ass.

Ellen groaned. He pushed his fingers inside her cunt again. Now he had fingers
in her cunt and her ass at the same time. He started fucking his fingers in
and out. He watched her face. She could see that he was enjoying her misery.
He finger fucked her ass hole and cunt, while he giggled at her misery.

"Tight little ass hole!" he said.

She closed her eyes and tried not to listen. Then he sped up his finger
fucking. He slipped another finger inside of her ass hole, and now he had two
in there. Two fingers in her cunt and two fingers in her ass. No one had ever
violated her like this. Even Phil had never had a finger inside of her ass.
She felt like she had to shit. She was horrified at what he was doing to her
body, horrified at the inevitable invasion of her most secret of places.

She could feel his thick fingers all the way inside her cunt and ass. He was
much worse than Cal. This one was a complete animal. Finally his fingers came
out. He wiped them on his jumpsuit and stood up. She watched him as he
stripped, and in a moment he was naked. He had a muscular body, a hard chest
and belly, and a long, thick cock.

He climbed onto the bed and knelt in front of her raised ass. He smiled at
her, as he stroked her ass cheeks, and fingered her cunt again. Then he
positioned his cock head at the entrance to her cunt hole and pushed. His big
cock slid inside of her open and well stretched out cunt. He grunted as he
fucked himself into her. She felt his cock stuff and stretch her cunt channel.
She had never felt so filled up down there in all of her life.

He started fucking her slowly. He screwed his ass around. His eyes stayed on
his cock shaft, as it fucked in and out of her tight pussy. Each time he
pushed forward, he ground his balls against her ass.

"You've got a great pussy, baby! This is nice, tight cunt. Are you feeling me
in there? Yeah, you're feeling it, all right. You like Mickey's cock, huh?"

He laughed at her as he pushed forward again. Then he slowed down again. He
pulled back slowly and thrust into her again. He seemed to get some sort of
perverse enjoyment out of watching his cock fucking in and out of her cunt.
He was in no hurry. Once again he told her that she had a nice tight pussy.
He teased her about it. He asked her if she and her husband fucked a lot. He
said he that liked women her age, as he liked them broken in. He said he liked
watching her tits flopping around while he fucked her.

She reminded him of a girlfriend he once had. His girlfriend used to jerk him
off with her tits, and take his jism on her face. She liked doing that better
than anything else. She said that jism was good for her complexion.

"She had a ripe cunt, just like yours. What I like is a wet pussy, and yours
is really getting wet. Now Cal, he likes them younger."

Yes, she could feel it. She could feel her cunt juices dripping down over her
ass hole, as he fucked her. Then he pulled his cock out of her cunt. He rubbed
his prick-knob over her clit, and giggled when she groaned. "Oh so you like
that, huh?"

He fingered her ass hole again. He spread her ass hole apart with his fingers.
Then he moved his cock head into alignment with the ring of her ass hole and
pushed it up against it. Ellen was terrified. He pushed forward. She felt the
pain, crying out from the agony that she felt. He kept pushing forward and
finally his cock-knob stretched her ass hole out enough, and popped inside.

A grunt of satisfaction came out of his throat. He stopped pushing forward,
with just his cock head inside of her ass, he lowered his head, as he looked
down at it.

"Boy that's really nice. I like to see an ass hole stretched around my prick.
You like it, baby? Come on, you can tell me that you like it."

Ellen moaned and said, "Oh God, you're killing me!" 

Mickey laughed and asked, "Doesn't your old man fuck your ass?"

"No one has ever done that." she moaned, obviously in pain.

He giggled with glee at the idea that he was the first man to ever fuck her
ass. He pushed forward again and his big hands grabbed her thighs, as he
fucked his cock completely into her ass. The pain was tremendous and she
wanted to pass out, but she couldn't. He kept pushing his cock into her ass,
until finally it was all inside of her. She could feel his balls against her
ass cheeks.

He held still and teased her again. "Yeah, well now you're gonna do it, right?
Your ass hole is wide open, baby and I bet you feel like shitting. You better
not though, or you'll get it all over your nice bed here. Come on, look at me!
Don't be bashful. Now that you know what it's like, how come you waited so
long to get fucked in the ass?"

He told her how tight and hot her ass was, and forced her to look at him. He
slapped her ass and pinched it, and called her a stupid cunt, as he brutally
pinched her clit. Then he started to fuck her ass slowly. He grunted as he
looked down to see his long, thick cock, sliding in and out of her tight ass,
as the tender lining gripped his prick tightly, clinging to it. She was
doubled over so much, that she too could see everything that was happening,
as he fucked her virgin ass hole.

She found it hard to believe that this was really happening to her, after all
these years. Phil had always wanted to put his cock into her ass, and now it
was a stranger who was doing it. She wanted God to strike him dead, strike
them both dead. She watched as his cock slid in and out of her stretched anus.
The pain was unbearable. She couldn't understand why she wasn't bleeding. His
face looked so cruel and he seemed so delighted by her misery.

Then he laughed and told her to look at his cock. She looked down at it, and
she wanted to die. Oh God, I can't stand it, she thought. This wasn't anything
that a woman should have to go through. She saw her shit on his cock. His
cock had brown streaks all over it. The sight of this was too much for her.
She closed her eyes and he slapped her face. He told her he wanted her to
watch while he fucked her ass for the very first time ever. He forced her to
look down at it. She had to watch his shit-streaked cock fucking in and out
of her gaping ass hole.

He was fucking her faster now. His hands were gripping her legs at her knees,
his lips pulled back over his teeth, as he hissed and grunted. Her ass hole
was wide open, and she didn't feel any real pain anymore. Now she only had
the mental anguish. The sight of her own shit on his cock revolted her. All 
of her life she'd been a neat and clean woman. She'd even been that way as a
girl.

Nothing in her life had prepared her for this. Then he suddenly pulled his
cock out of her ass. He straightened up on his knees. He pumped his cock with
his fist, and in a moment his prick was spurting as he began to cum. His jism
came out in great globs, to splatter over her face and tits. He laughed at her
as he did it.

He said, "You know, I like fucking you. We're going to have a good time
together." he shoved two fingers up her ass, churned them around, and added,
"Like butter baby. You're broken in, and it's going to get better and better,
each new time that you take it up your sexy butt."


T       T       T


Meanwhile, Cal had Cindy downstairs in the living room. He had her on his lap.
Her tee shirt and her bra were off and her girlish tits were bare. She had
full young tits with juicy pink nipples. The girl was still in a state of
shock. She was frightened to death of him. He tried to soothe her. He palmed
one of her tits and told her he wouldn't hurt her if she behaved herself.

"You just be a good girl, and everything will be fine."

He played with her nipples. He seemed fascinated by her young tits. She
looked down at his hand, at his thick fingers as they squeezed her flesh.
She'd had sex before. She'd been fucked by her boyfriend, but only during the
past month. Less than a dozen times, in the back seat of his car. She'd never
been with a man Cal's age. She watched the way his hands played with her tits.
She thought about her mother upstairs. She wondered if the men would kill
them. Maybe they would. A shudder went through her as she thought about it.
She knew these men were the escaped convicts that they were talking about on
the news. She was terribly afraid.

She was also confused, because his fondling of her tit was turning her on. She
couldn't understand how she could be turned on and afraid at the same time. It
didn't make any sense. Now Cal teased her tits again. He told her he liked
them.

"They'll get bigger in a few years, but they're okay for now. You're a
beautiful girl, you know. But if you want me to be nice to you, you have to
be nice to me. You want to be nice, don't you, honey? Get off my lap now.
Come on, honey, get off."

He made her stand in front of him half naked, just as she was. Then he told
her to peel her shorts off. She hesitated, but she realized that she didn't
dare disobey him. He saw the hesitation, and he warned her. She trembled with
her fear of him and so she did what he wanted. She unbuttoned her shorts and
slowly pushed them down over her hips. Her tits jiggled as she moved, and she
blushed as she realized it.

"All the way, honey."

The shorts came off. She was now wearing nothing but her white panties. He
made her bend over a bit and shake her tits at him. He laughed when she did
it. Then he told her to get her panties off.

"Old Cal wants a good look at your snatch, doll."

He leaned forward and helped her get her panties off her feet. When she
straightened up, she was completely naked. It was the first time that anyone,
man or boy, had seen her like this since she was in diapers. Cal said nothing
as he looked at her. He gazed hotly at her tits and pussy. She had blonde hair
on her cunt mound. He told her to turn around, and he looked at her ass.

Now she could hear him muttering something to himself. He reached out and she
felt him touch her ass with his fingers. His hand moved lightly over the
curves of her ass.

"Christ honey, you're perfect." he said.

Then he told her to turn around again, and she did it. Now she could see the
bulge of his cock in his jumpsuit. She remembered what he looked like when
she'd seen him fucking her mother in the kitchen. She remembered his hairy 
body and his huge cock and balls.

He rose and slowly unzipped his jumpsuit. He climbed out of it, peeled it off
his legs, and in a moment, he too was naked. She couldn't avoid staring at
his naked body. There was so much of him. He made her boyfriend look like a
baby. But of course she'd never seen Jerry completely naked like this. But
even if she had, she knew Jerry would be a skinny kid compared to Cal. Cal's
cock looked as big as a baseball bat. His balls were so huge, and had so much
dark hair around them. Yes, he did make Jerry look like a baby. Cal grinned
at her and told her to take hold of his cock.

"I call him Oscar honey, so say hello to Oscar."

She was mesmerized by it. His prick was hard, sticking straight out and
weaving from side to side. She reached out and took hold of it. She could 
hardly close her fingers around his thick cock shaft. He told her to get down
on her knees. She knew what he wanted, but she slowly dropped down to her
knees in front of him anyway. He chuckled and patted her head. 

"We're going to get along fine, aren't we?"

The tip of his cock was dripping and he said, "In your mouth, baby. Oscar
likes to be sucked on."

He warned her, when she hesitated. She quivered and opened her mouth. Cal
grunted and pushed forward, stuffing his cock head between her young lips.
It was the biggest cock she'd ever sucked. He made a sound of pleasure as 
he pushed his prick inside her mouth. He told her to hold her head still, and
then a moment later he started fucking her face slowly.

As he looked down at her he said, "You look beautiful, especially with a
mouth full of my cock!"

After a few more fuck-strokes in her mouth, he pulled out. He held his cock
in his fist and rubbed his cock head back and forth over her lips.

"Like it?" he asked.

She shivered as she looked up at him. "I . . I don't know."

He laughed. "Sure, you like it. Every girl likes sucking cock. Any real girl,
anyway."

He told her to get up and bend over on the sofa. He patted her on her ass as
she did so. When she was bent over the way he wanted her, he came up behind
her and stroked her ass. Then he leaned over her and started kissing her back.
His mouth worked over her soft skin. He kissed his way down her back to her 
ass cheeks, and she shivered from the feel of his wet lips. He then bent down
behind her and kissed her ass. She quivered as she felt his mouth and tongue
working in her ass crack. He spread her ass cheeks apart with his hands and
pushed his face inside of her ass crack. She groaned as he lapped his tongue
back and forth over her ass hole. Then she felt more pressure and she realized
that he had his lips pressed up against her ass hole. She could feel him
sucking her ass, really sucking on it. She felt his teeth nibbling at her ass
hole, and it made her go wild.

Then she felt his tongue pushing inside of it, and she thought she'd faint
from the pleasure of it. It was the first time anyone had ever done this to
her. She couldn't help wriggling her hips. She pushed her ass back against
his face. He was like an animal as he ate her ass. His tongue fucked in and
out. Then finally he pulled his face away and he stood up. He bent over her 
back again, his hands fondling her hanging tits. He kissed her neck and 
whispered in her ear. "Just let yourself go, honey."

Then she felt his cock head pushing at her cunt hole and he pushed it inside
of her. He grunted as his big prick stretched her pussy. He teased her because
he realized now that she wasn't a virgin. Holding her slender hips in his
hands, he rammed his cock deep inside of her cunt. The way she was bent over
with her legs spread wide apart, she could feel everything. She felt his cock
stretching her pussy out wider than it ever had been stretched before and his
balls were slapping up against her clit with each inwards thrust.

Still holding her hips, he started fucking her. He fucked hard and fast as he
told her, "You know, you're even a better fuck than your mother. You've got a
really hot little pussy, doll. Real nice."

Cindy closed her eyes. She hated him. She was afraid he'd kill her. She was
afraid for her mother as well. She told herself she was too young to die, but
most of all, she hated him because she was afraid that she might learn to
like it. His cock felt so huge. Each time he rammed in, she felt his big
fucker pushing at her insides. She wanted to touch his prick. She slid her
hand down along her belly until her fingers made contact with his sliding
cock. She ran her fingertips around the cock-stretched mouth of her cunt hole.
She had her pussy juices on her fingers. His cock was drenched with her cunt
juices. She groaned and made a grab at his swinging balls. She caught his
balls and held them in her small hand. His hairy balls were so massive.

Then he cried out, pounding her cunt as he shot his load of cum into her
unprotected womb. She could feel him going off inside her cunt channel. She
felt his cock jerking around inside of her pussy. She wondered how soon it
would be before they would kill her.




                                CHAPTER FOUR



Cal looked down at Ellen and smiled. She was still tied up on the bed. Mickey
was still down stairs with Cindy. Cal wore one of Phil's robes, and it made
Ellen miserable to see him in it. She still had Mickey's jism on her tits and
face.

Cal teased her about it. "You're a fucking mess. Did you like Mickey?"

Ellen sobbed and said, "He's an animal!"

Cal chuckled, "You'd better be a good girl. You've got to be nice to both of
us. If you're good to us, we won't hurt Cindy."

He then teased Ellen about Cindy and said, "You know that little Cindy is a
cute little dish."

He could see the fear in Ellen's eyes. Ellen was terrified of what they might
do to Cindy. 

She told Cal "I'll do any thing you want, as long as you leave her alone."

Cal was amused and asked, "Anything?"

"I don't want you to hurt her."

He told Ellen he didn't trust her. He sat down on the edge of the bed and ran
his hand over her ass. He teased her about Mickey fucking her ass hole. Mickey
had told him. He touched her cunt with his fingers. She started babbling about
Cindy again. She begged him. She said she would do anything to save Cindy from
harm. 

Cal giggled, but she didn't know a thing about what had already happened
between him and Cindy. Now Mickey was with the girl and probably already
fucking her. He pulled at Ellen's cunt lips with his fingers.

"You like the girl, huh?"

"She's my daughter."

He watched Ellen's face as he slid two fingers inside her cunt. He snickered
at the way that she winced. He said he wanted her to like it, when they did
things to her. She groaned and said she would try. Anything to save Cindy
from them.

Finally, he untied her. She whimpered as she unwound her arms and legs. 
He told her to roll over, and she did. 
Then he told her to kneel on the mattress with her head down.
She did it. He sat beside her and stroked her body. He bounced her tits 
around with his hand. He stroked her ass. He tickled her ass crack and laughed 
when she squirmed. He fingered her cunt from behind and then rubbed his 
fingers across her ass hole. 

He asked her about Mickey and had she liked his cock in her ass? He played
with her cunt and made her tell him how Mickey had fucked her ass. He seemed
annoyed that Mickey had taken her ass first.

"He's an ass hole freak. I should've fucked you in the ass when I had you to
myself. He's a fucking crazy freak when it comes to asses."

Then she felt one of his fingers fucking inside her ass hole. He told her to
open her ass up. He added another finger to the first one. He turned his
fingers around inside her shitter. His hand squeezed one of her tits, while
he finger-fucked her ass hole.

She kept her head down and her eyes closed. There was nothing she could do
about it. She had to do whatever he wanted. She wondered what Cindy was doing.
Would Cal keep his word about Cindy? She prayed they'd be decent enough to
let the girl alone. She didn't know if they would, but she had to chance it.

Cal rose now and laughed, as he patted Ellen's ass. He said he liked her body. 

"You're in good shape. Just stay like that. Keep your head down and your ass
up in the air."

He slipped out of the robe he was wearing and lies climbed onto the bed behind
her. She quivered, as she felt his fingers in her cunt. She felt him moving
her cunt juice from her cunt to her ass hole. She thought of begging him not
to fuck her ass, but she knew it would be useless. Mickey had fucked her ass,
and now Cal would do the same. He told her she was smart to save Cindy. 

"You don't want to get the kid ruined, huh?" He told Ellen. "I like a woman
who knows how to use her ass hole. "Mickey, he doesn't care what kind of an
ass he fucks. Me, I like them educated."

Then she felt his prick-knob pushing against her ass hole. She groaned as she
felt the pain. Cal giggled and told her to open up. She pushed out as though
she was taking a shit, to open her ass up for him. His cock head popped in
and he made a sound of approval.

He slowly fucked more of his cock inside her ass. He teased her about it,
telling her what her ass hole looked like, as his cock stretched it out wide.
Finally, he was all the way in, his entire cock was impaled in her ass. His 
balls were pushed up against her cunt. He told her to reach between her legs
and play with his balls. She reached underneath her and took a hold of his
ball sack. She wanted to make it good for him. She wanted him to cum quickly,
she had to protect Cindy.

He started fucking her ass. He gripped her ass cheeks with his big hands.
After a few fuck strokes, he laughed and told her he had made her shit on his
cock. She played with his balls, as his prick continued to pound in and out
of her ass hole. The pain was gone now. Her ass was wide open to his cock and
her misery was complete.

Finally he shot off inside of her ass. He cried out as he came. He pumped his
jism into her shitter, as he continued to pound her ass with his long, thick
cock, and laughed as he slapped her ass. When he was done, he felt his cock
in her cum filled ass and wriggled it around to tease her. At last he pulled
his prick out. He snickered and teased her about all of the shit that he now
had on his cock.

"I ought to slap you around for not being clean. Fucking broads don't know
how to take care of themselves."

He laughed and told her to turn around to look at his shitty cock and she did.
A wave of revulsion swept over her, as she gazed at his shit streaked cock.
She lay there helplessly, as he taunted her. His cock looked like a red
sausage covered with brown streaks. Then he told her to take his cock into
her mouth. "You can clean it up now."

She wanted to die. "Please..."

He laughed and reminded her about Cindy. "You do whatever I want, or else."

She crawled to him. She had to do it. She opened her mouth and he chuckled as
he pushed his shit-streaked cock between her lips.

"Go on baby, clean it up."

She started sucking his cock clean. He patted her on her head and chuckled as
she took all of his limp cock in her mouth. She sucked his prick until it was 
clean. She licked all around the cock-knob and his cock shaft, down to his 
balls. The taste of her shit was finally gone. Now all she had was the taste 
of his cock, and the smell of him. He was such an animal. The thought of him 
touching Cindy was too awful to even consider.

When she wanted to pull away from him, Cal told her to stay put. He held her
head down with both hands. He pulled his cock back, until he had only his
cock head in her mouth. He said he was doing her a favor by letting her be
his slave.

"I'm going to piss into your mouth, honey. Either you allow me to do this, and
swallow it all, or you'll get hurt pretty bad. And the girl will get hurt too!"

He told her to keep swallowing until he was finished. Then he suddenly
started. The piss gushed out and Ellen's mind whirled with shock. She was
unable to deal with it. Never in her wildest nightmares, had she ever imagined
anything this horrible would happen to her. She knelt there with her lips
closed over his cock-tip as he pissed into her mouth. She was afraid to pull
away. She had to take it. She swallowed as fast as she could, grateful now to
have only his cock head in her mouth. She'd be unable to swallow if she had
any more of his cock in her mouth. He kept on pissing, it seemed endless. He
chuckled as he watched her drink his piss down.

"Nice baby, that's very nice. You and my dick are getting to be good friends.
That's the way it should be, right?" He patted her head and said she was a 
good little slave.

She hated him. His piss burned her throat, and the degradation she had
suffered made her want to die. Then finally the steady stream stopped. Now he
gave her just little spurts of piss, as he finished. His fingers were stroking
her cheek while he laughed at her.

He said, "I'll piss in your mouth whenever I feel like it. I want you to know
who is the boss. I want you to have only one idea in your mind, and that is
to keep me and my buddy happy. Just think about your little girl baby. Just
think about the girl."



T       T       T



Meanwhile, Mickey had taken Cindy to her room. He was on her bed. He had her
sucking his balls. He stroked her head as she licked and nibbled at his ball,
bag. He liked her because she was young. He liked them young. The mother
was nice, but the girl was peaches and cream. Great little ass. Nothing beat 
the ass of a pretty teenaged girl. Smooth tight skin, and the ass hole was so 
perfect.

In prison, he had dreamed about asses like this one. What a little dream boat
she was. He loved watching her cute little nose pressed against his balls. He
stroked her head again, running his fingers through her fine blonde hair.
Yeah, Cal could have the mother. In prison, Cal had chewed his ear off about
the women he liked. Cal was a man for tits and pussy. Old Mickey liked a cute
set of buns and a nice tight ass hole. Hot and tight, squeezing down on his
cock at the right moment. A girl had to know how to squeeze, to be good at
ass-fucking.

He teased Cindy. He told her to take his balls in her mouth. He spread his
legs apart and made her lift his balls, to get them inside her mouth. He made
her shift her body around, so that he could fondle her ass, while she sucked
his balls.

DAMN! Her ass was perfect. What a stroke of luck he and Cal had had. Two
broads after all that time in the pen. He took a swig out of the bottle of
bourbon he'd brought into the room with him. He stuck his middle finger into
Cindy's cunt hole and churned it around. She had a tight little pussy. That
was the advantage of the young ones. A cunt like this one sucked on a cock
without even trying.

He was already half drunk and he picked up the knife from the night stand. He
giggled, as he touched the knife to one of her ass cheeks. She turned her head
to look at the knife. She moaned softly. He could see her trembling. He teased
her with the knife. He drew the point back and forth over the smooth flesh of
her ass. He told her he wanted her mouth under his balls.

"Do some rimming, baby. Do you know what that is?"

She shook her head and said, "No, I'm not sure."

He laughed and said, "It means you do some licking around my ass hole. Outside
and inside."

A shudder went through her. She blushed as she met his gaze. Then he
threatened her with the knife again, and she blanched. He pulled his knees
back to his chest to expose his ass hole and said, "Get down there and suck
it, kid."

She moved her face to his crotch again. This time she licked under his ball
bag and licked her way down to his hairy ass hole. He taunted her as she did
so, then he grunted, as he felt her tongue on his ass hole.

"Yeah, baby, that's it. Tickle the old glory hole. First you get it good and
wet, and then you suck it."

She rolled her tongue around the outside of his ass hole. He could see her
doing it very clearly, her wet lips and her pink tongue fluttering over his
ass hole. He played with her cunt while she was licking his ass. Then his
finger moved to her ass hole and he licked it with his fingertip. He told her
to get her tongue inside of his ass now. He opened his ass to her tongue as
it went in and groaned as he felt her do it. There was nothing like it. It
was the one thing that always set him off.

He looked down at her blonde head. What a cute little piece she was. A real
honey, the way she was sucking his ass. She had a gorgeous little mouth.

Finally, he pushed her face away from his ass. He told her to suck his cock.
He wagged his prick at her face and ordered her to get her lips over his cock
knob. She seemed relieved and closed her mouth over his cock head and started
sucking his prick. He watched her mouth and told her to suck deeper. She
gradually took all of his cock into her mouth, all of it until her nose
pushed against his cock bush. He chuckled as he watched. He liked seeing a
broad with her mouth stuffed full of cock. Her lips were stretched wide around
the base of his cock shaft. He could feel his prick-knob in her throat. Then
a moment later he laughed as she gagged and pulled back.

"Fuck me with your mouth, honey," he demanded.

She knew what to do. He watched her lips as her mouth slid up and down on
his cock shaft. Her luscious little mouth looked delicious around his prick. 
His prick and balls were all wet with her saliva. He wondered what she did 
with her boyfriends, as Cal had told him she wasn't cherry before this. He
played with her cunt and ass, as she sucked him.

He continued drinking the bourbon out of the bottle. He thought about fucking
her. His prick was getting hard as she sucked on it. She was good. She worked
on him with diligence, because she was afraid of him.

Cindy continued wondering about her mother, as she sucked on Mickey's cock.
She wondered what Cal was doing to her. Mickey's cock was stuffed her into her
mouth and she told herself she'd rather suck his cock, than suck his ass. In
addition, she was afraid that if she didn't make it good for him, that he
would hurt her. She took a hold of his big balls, his balls were so huge. His
cock was hard now, hard like iron.

He finally pushed her away and told her to kneel on the bed. After she did so,
he pushed her head down and stroked her ass. He chuckled as he tickled her
between her legs. He fingered her cunt and tickled her ass hole. Then he bent
down and started licking her cunt from behind. She groaned as she felt his
mouth on her pussy. He chuckled against her cunt flesh. Her cunt and ass
turned him on. He sucked her cunt lips, stuck his tongue inside her cunt hole
and sucked out a wad of her cunt juice. She had a fresh young taste. This was
prime pussy, hot young cunt, running like a waterfall with tasty cunt juice.

He played with her tits as he sucked her pussy. He fondled her ass cheeks.
Then he moved his mouth up to the ring of her ass hole. She squirmed when she
felt his tongue on her ass hole, making him laugh. He rimmed her ass hole. He
rolled his tongue around her shit hole, while his hands squeezed her ass
cheeks. Then he pushed his tongue inside of her ass, all the way until his 
mouth was flush up against her ass hole. His tongue fluttered around inside
of her hot shitter making her moan. He started fucking her ass with his
tongue. He was crazy about her ass.

Then at last he pulled his face away and he straightened up on his knees. He
looked down at her pink wet ass hole. Snickering at the sight of it, he
brought his prick-knob up to the tiny hole. He rubbed his cock head back and
forth over her little pink ass hole. As he pushed in, she groaned. He kept
pushing and watched his cock-knob squeezed into her tiny ass hole. He stopped
when just his cock head was inside of her ass.

"Just hold still." he said.

"Please don't, it hurts so much." she moaned in pain.

He laughed, "Your ass belongs to me, baby. I fucked your mother's ass just a
while ago, but I like yours better."

Then he pushed forward again sliding more of his cock into her ass. When she
tried to move forward herself, he slapped her ass real hard.

"You move again, and I'll stick the knife up your cunt." he threatened.

He continued fucking his cock up her ass. Finally he had it all inside of her.
His balls were pressed up against her cunt lips. He wriggled it around a bit.
He held her ass-cheeks with his hands as he slowly pulled back. He watched his
cock pull slowly out of her stretched ass hole. He pulled out until just his
prick-knob was inside of her and then he pushed forward again. He fucked his
cock all the way into her butt, then he pulled back once again. Eventually he
began to fuck her ass with a steady pistoning movement of his cock.

She moaned constantly, as he continued fucking her ass. He hissed from the
pleasure of it, it was good. He couldn't hold back because it felt so good.
He finally made a croaking sound in his throat and let go as he blasted a
load of cum into her ass, his jism spurting out of his piss hole and blasting
inside of her ass guts. He called her a honey as he wriggled against her ass
cheeks.




                                CHAPTER FIVE



Late that evening, a young woman named Rita arrived at the house. Ellen and
Cindy were in the living room, both wearing robes and frightened, as they sat
beside each other on the sofa. The two men were now dressed in Phil's clothes.

Rita obviously knew both men very well. Ellen listened to them talk and she
deduced that the men worked for someone named Vic, and that Rita was Vic's
girlfriend. She had been sent to bring Cal and Mickey to Vic. Cal had
evidently spoken to Vic on the telephone and told him about Ellen and Cindy.

Now Ellen learned that she and Cindy were to go with the two men and Rita
that very night. The orders had come directly from Vic and Rita seemed
uninterested in their plight.

Once again, Ellen tried offering them money, but they just laughed at her.
Rita kept looking at Cindy in a really strange sort of way, and Ellen was
soon more worried than ever. She trembled whenever she thought about what she
had been forced to do with the men, but Cindy seemed subdued. They hadn't had
any time alone together and Ellen wanted to question Cindy about what the men
had forced her to do, but she hadn't had a chance.

Finally, Rita said that it was time to go. The two men quickly tied up Ellen
and Cindy. They used two of Phil's ties to knot the gags around their mouths.
After that, Ellen and Cindy were carried out of the house, and into the van
that Rita had brought. They were put into the back of the van, with the two 
men. Rita went around to the front, climbed in and drove the van away.

They drove for a very long time. Ellen and Cindy huddled together on the
floor of the van. Ellen's fear was now intense and she couldn't believe what
was happening to them. This whole thing was like a crazy nightmare. Her wrists
hurt from the ropes and the gag hurt her mouth. The two men were sitting there
drinking beer while they talked. They seemed uninterested in Ellen and Cindy
for the moment. They talked about how great it was going be to be free again.
"No more cops on my ass." Mickey said. "I hate them fucking cops."

Finally, the van stopped, and they found themselves in a garage of some
strange house. Cal and Mickey pulled Ellen and Cindy outside. Their ankles
were untied, so that they could walk under their own power. They were then
pushed through the open door and into what looked like a large house. They
were then led down a hallway and into a room. The two men left Ellen and Cindy
alone but locked the door behind them as they walked out. Ellen and Cindy sat
beside each other on a sofa.

Ellen wanted to ask Cindy about what had had happened between her and the men,
but the gag prevented her from talking. Then she heard people talking just
outside of the room. She listened carefully and realized that they were
talking about her and Cindy.

The door opened and a man came in. He was a thin man with a suntan and gray
hair. He was well dressed. He looked like someone in command. He smiled down
at Ellen and Cindy and said "My name is Vic Benson."

Then he just looked at them. His face was expressionless. After a while, he
sort of chuckled softly to himself. He almost seemed amused by them.

He said, "I thought that you'd be a bother, but that maybe I was wrong!"

He walked casually over to a phone and picked it up. He spoke so softly as
he talked on the phone that Ellen couldn't make a word out. Then Vic put the
phone down and returned to where they were again. He started talking about
Cal and Mickey saying, "I understand that my men have been rough with you."
He laughed and added, "Two gorillas, just out of prison and they see two
pretty girls that they just can't resist. Well, not exactly two girls. One
girl and her mother, right? That's real cute, isn't it? Anyway, you ladies
don't seem any worse for it. Ellen and Cindy, isn't it? Welcome to my house."
he said, chuckling afterwards, as if the idea of welcoming them to his house
was quite amusing.

Then someone knocked on the door. Rita came in with a large man and smiled at
Vic. "Getting interested, huh?"

The large man had a bald head and piggish-looking eyes. Vie spoke to him,
calling him Otto. After a while, Vic told Otto to untie the two women. Otto
worked on Cindy first. He got the ropes and the gag untied. Then he bent over
Ellen and untied her also. Ellen shuddered as he touched her. Vic told them
to stand up.

Ellen immediately started talking. She begged him to let her and Cindy go. "I
promise that we won't say anything to anyone."

Vic smiled and told her, "Shut up. I'll let you know when you can talk." He
looked at Otto and added, "Get their robes off."

Otto showed his yellow teeth, as he grinned widely. "Sure thing Mr. Benson." 

He took a hold of Cindy's robe and pulled it away from her. His eyes filled
with lust as her young, naked body was revealed. Ellen was horrified. They
had her daughter standing there naked, and there wasn't a thing that she could
do about it. Then Otto stripped off Ellen's robe, and she was just as naked as
Cindy. Mother and daughter stood there, huddled together in fear of what was
happening to them.

Vic ordered them, "Stand over there, in the center of the room, and stand
straight, so that we can get a good look at you."

The initial shock had passed, but Ellen still tried to maintain some dignity.
She held Cindy's hand, but otherwise she was complying with his orders,
standing straight, with her chin raised in defiance.

"I hope you go to prison for life for this." Ellen spat out.

Vic laughed and then sent Otto away. After the door closed, Vic walked around
them, looking them over, like the connoisseur of female flesh that he was. Rita
sat in a chair, sipping her drink. When Ellen tried to take Cindy into her
arms, Vic warned them to remain separated.

Finally, Vic started talking to Rita about them. "What do you think? What the
hell are we going to do with them? The circuit?"

Rita shrugged. "They're pretty enough."

"I bet we can get ten grand for the two of them."

"Maybe more, if they go as a team."

They agreed that there was a bigger market for the mother and daughter as a
combo. They seemed totally unconcerned that Ellen and Cindy had heard every
word they said. Ellen was now more frightened than ever. Vic Benson seemed
awful. At first she had thought that he was more human than Cal and Mickey,
but now she realized that he was really worse. Vic was the boss. If anything
terrible happened to them, it would be Vic's fault.

Ellen wondered when the police would even start looking for them. Phil might
call the house, but then again, he might not. It might be days before anyone 
even realized that they'd been kidnaped. She felt so awful standing there
naked in front of them, and in front of Cindy. She and Cindy had hardly ever
seen each other totally naked. Ellen told herself that the poor girl would
never recover from this nightmare.

Rita kept looking at Cindy in such a strange way, and finally told Vic, "I
want some time alone with the girl. You don't mind, do you, Vic?"

Vic chuckled and replied, "You can't wait, huh? Okay, go ahead on. You can
have her, while I try out the mother."

Vic took Ellen's arm and led her out of the room. They left Cindy alone with
Rita. Ellen thought about resisting, but she decided it would be useless.
Instead, she just pleaded with Vic to leave Cindy alone. "She's just a baby."

Vic was amused and replied, "She's not such a baby anymore. Anyway, if you
behave yourself, I'll do what I can."

He forced her to walk down the long hall to a large room. When they were
inside the room, he told her to stand still. He picked up a phone and spoke
into it as he kept his eyes on her. Then he put the phone down and started
questioning her about Cal and Mickey. "Tell me everything." he said.

Ellen looked at him, and quivered at the way his eyes raked over her naked
body. "I don't understand." she replied.

"Everything." he said with a soft laugh, "You know, I want you to tell me what
they did to you at your house."

She clammed up, she couldn't possibly talk about those horrible things with a
man, or anyone for that matter, it was just too horrible.

Vic was amused with her silence and said, "You're too old to be so bashful.
You know, you have a nice body, for a woman who has a teenaged daughter."

He came over to her. She trembled as he hefted her tits in his hands.

"I bet you know how to wrap these around a cock and make a guy feel good."

He laughed at the way that she quivered as he touched her. He stroked her ass
with one hand, while he played with her nipples. "You've got a nice ass. I
like a woman with a solid ass. Now bend over with your hands on your knees."
he ordered her.

When she hesitated, he threatened her. She pleaded with him, as she went down
to her knees. He calmly told her to shut up. There was no anger in his voice, 
merely a tone of complete authority.

He said, "You'd be better off by not talking. By the way, are you healthy. I
don't like women who aren't healthy."

Finally, he allowed her to straighten up. He smiled at her, as he pulled on
one of her nipples and said, "We'll see what you can do."

Then suddenly the door opened and Otto came in. His eyes were mocking as he
gazed at Ellen. Vic spoke to him, said something about a swing. Otto grinned
and walked over to the wall. He started pushing some buttons in a panel. Ellen
heard something moving above her head and looked up to see something coming
down from the ceiling, an apparatus of some sort. Frightened, she stepped out
of the way. The contraption came all the way down and hung there, in the
center of the room.

Then Otto grabbed Ellen and pushed her into the device. In a moment, she had
restraints all over her body, leaving her arms and legs fixed in place. Otto
returned to the panel of buttons and soon the device started moving. Ellen
found herself suspended off of the floor, her limbs forced into such a
position that her knees were pulled up to her chin and left her hanging there
with her cunt and ass exposed.

Otto returned to her and made some further adjustments to the restraints.
Then he went back to the buttons again, to get things just perfect. All this
time Vic had been watching Ellen without showing any emotion. He had his hands
in his pockets. He seemed to be looking at Ellen, as she were a new possession,
rather than a human being. When he was finished, he sent Otto away. The big
man left the room, closing door behind him as he left.

Vic said nothing as he gazed at Ellen. He studied her exposed cunt and ass.
Then he came over to her and touched her thighs. She swung slowly around on
the suspension. She moaned softly, she was frightened out of her wits. She
felt so helpless. Vic touched her cunt, then his fingers probed between her
cunt lips. He smiled at her as he spread her cunt lips and peered into her
cunt hole.

Ellen groaned "Please let me go."

Vic snickered. "You just got here. By the way, do you need to piss? Maybe
you'd like to see your little girl in this thing."

"Please..."

"Do you need to piss?"

"Yes you bastard, I do!" She thought he would free her from the device so that
she could go to the bathroom. Instead, he told her, "Don't worry about the
rug. Go ahead and do it."

He stroked her cunt and ass, as he coaxed her body to piss. She was going
crazy with fear and embarrassment, but she started pissing, unable to prevent
it. His hand was right there, and her piss gushed out over his fingers. He
seemed pleased and he rubbed his hand over her cunt as she continued pissing.

"That's good. That was very nice." he commented.

She was horrified. Then she felt one of his fingers touching her ass hole.
She kept her eyes closed, as she sobbed in fear, embarrassment and humiliation.
Finally, she finished pissing, and the rug underneath her suspended body was
soaked with her urine. Vic however, didn't seem to care about that. He
continued playing with her cunt.

He said, "You know, you're quite an attractive woman. I'm all that's saving
you. Otherwise I'd have one of the boys finish you off."

His fingers probed her pussy, as he looked down at it. He spread her cunt lips
apart with his left hand and touched her cunt with his right hand. He stroked
the slippery slit of her cunt, making Ellen groan. Vic chuckled, he was
pleased. He tickled her cunt hole, pushed a finger inside her cunt and finger
fucked her cunt channel. Then he removed his hand, unzipped his fly and
brought his cock out, as he moved forward towards her.

In a moment, he had his cock fully impaled in her cunt. The way she was
suspended, her cunt was at just the right height for him to slide his cock
into it. He pushed in hard, ramming his cock deep inside her cunt channel. He
started fucking her, as he pushed and pulled her body, making her swing
forwards and backwards, as her cunt slid up and down the length of his cock
shaft, as she was moved by the harness. It was effortless for him. Now she
fully understood what the apparatus was all about, the swing, he had called 
it. All he did was stand there, while he moved her cunt on and off his prick.
He held onto her ass, as she was moved back and forth.

He smiled at her and asked, "Do you like cock?"

Ellen moaned, "You're a beast!"

Vic laughed. He suddenly pulled his cock out of her cunt. He walked over to
the wall and pushed some of the buttons. Ellen felt her body shift slightly
as the device moved her to a new position. Vic returned to her and stroked
her thighs, as he looked down at her crotch. This time he pushed his cock
inside of her ass hole. She cried out as he thrust his cock into her nether
hole. He muttered something, and then pushed forward, filling her shitter
with his prick. She hadn't seen his equipment, but his cock felt enormous
inside of her rectum, maybe because of the way she was doubled up.

He shoved his thumb into her cunt, as he fucked her ass. Her ass hole slid
easily back and forth on his cock, as he pushed and pulled the swing. He
thumbed her cunt hole and clit. He said "You know, you really have a nice,
tight ass hole. Did your husband ever fuck you in the ass?"

When she refused to answer, he threatened, "I'll get your daughter in here and
you can watch her in the swing, if you don't want to answer my questions."

"Please! I beg you..."

"Did your husband ever fuck your ass?"

"No, never!"

"Tighten your ass on my cock."

"I can't! I don't know how!"

"Sure you can. Just go ahead and do it!"

He pinched her thighs, until she did what he wanted. She tightened her shitter
on his prick. He laughed and said, "You'll need to be trained."

He teased her because she had no idea of how to use her ass. He continued to
push and pull her ass on and off of his cock. After a while, the pain was
gone. All she felt now was the steady pounding of her ass by his stiff cock.
Her ass felt wide open. This was the third man to fuck her formerly virgin
ass in one day.

His fingers continued rubbing her cunt. He was an expert and knew how to
stroke her clit just right, to really bring her to the brink of an orgasm.
She hated the idea of cuming while he fucked her in the ass and stroked her
clit, but she couldn't help it. She couldn't help feeling his fingers driving
her crazy with lust as they worked on her clit, and the feeling of his cock
fucking away in her ass. He soon had her close to an orgasm. He was aware of
it, and he made his fingers speed up.

Then it happened, a great shudder went through her. She moaned, as she came,
and closed her eyes, as she cried out in passion from the pleasurable feeling.
Vic chuckled and finished her off with his fingers, then wiped his hand
across her face, as he started fucking her ass more forcefully. In a few
moments, he shot his load of cum into her ass, screwing his cock around as he
emptied his balls into her sucking, milking rectum.

He said, "I might keep you around for awhile, before I put you on the market."
He then pinched her ass and laughed softly at the way that she trembled.




                                CHAPTER SIX



Rita had Cindy on a bed in a room not far from where Ellen was. Rita was 
still dressed as she hovered over the naked girl. She kissed Cindy gently
and stroked the teenager's tits.

"You really turn me on, honey. Haven't you ever made it with another girl?"

Cindy shook her head and trembled with fear. She quivered each time Rita's
fingers touched her nipples. Rita was amused at the girl's innocence.

She started talking about lesbian sex and said "Sex between girls could be
great fun."

She moved her hand down to Cindy's pussy. Cindy resisted at first, then she
opened her legs to Rita's hand. Rita tickled the girl's cunt lips, pushing
them apart with her fingers. She watched Cindy's face, as she carefully
stroked the girl's cunt gash. She smiled when she saw signs of excitement in
Cindy's face.

"You like that, don't you? Sure, you do! Relax, honey. We're going to have a
lovely time together."

She bent over to have a look at the teenager's open cunt. She pulled at
Cindy's cunt flesh to get her clit to come out of its sheath.

"You're a real treat." Rita said. "What a gorgeous pussy you have!"

She licked her fingers and touched them to the shaft of Cindy's clit. Cindy
gasped and groaned, as Rita chuckled. She loved turning a young girl on. She'd
had a hunger for this one from the first moment that she'd seen her. A blonde
little pussycat with a juicy pink cunt. They never knew what they had. All 
that gorgeous cream that came out when they got turned on.

Rita liked cock, all right, but nothing could beat making it with a young
pussy when it was available, or an older pussy, for that matter. She'd get to
the mother soon enough. She liked them all. Now Rita ran her finger around
the rim of Cindy's cunt hole and then pushed her finger inside, slowly at
first, until it was all of the way in. She churned her finger around, stirring
up the young girl's arousal. She added another finger as she watched the
teenager's face. She saw that the girl was obviously enjoying her actions.
The cute little blonde was feeling it, and Rita was pleased.

She pulled her fingers out of Cindy's cunt and licked them clean. She laughed
at the way the girl blushed, as she watched her licking her fingers
off with gusto.

"I love the taste of pussy, honey." she advised Cindy.

She rose up off of the bed and stood up. Walking to a bureau, she opened the
drawer and brought out a pair of handcuffs. She carried the handcuffs back to
the bed and smiled down at the girl.

"Just something to turn me on, sweet." she commented.

Cindy trembled as Rita smiled, and told her to roll over on her belly. When
Cindy had complied, Rita slipped the handcuffs around the girl's wrists and
locked them in place Now Cindy was really trembling. Now Cindy had her wrists
manacled behind her back and was helpless. Rita slapped the girl's ass and
told her to roll over on her back.

Cindy did it while Rita stood there looking down at her and smiling. The
brunette teased Cindy and then started stripping her clothes off. She was
soon naked. Rita had a slender body, small tits and a hard little ass. A full
bush of dark cunt hair covered her cunt mound. She ran her fingers through
her bush and chuckled.

She said, "I want you to suck my pussy. If you don't do a good job, you'll be
sorry." as she laughed and twisted one of Cindy's nipples.

Then Rita climbed onto the bed and straddled Cindy. She shifted forward to
get her crotch over Cindy's head. Chuckling with satisfaction, she sat down
on the teenager's face.

"Here it is, honey." the woman said.

Rita wriggled to get her cunt in place, and ordered Cindy to start sucking.
She kept her cunt lips spread open with her fingers. In a moment, her juices
began pouring out of her cunt, drenching Cindy's face. Rita coaxed the girl
on as she reached back to play with Cindy's pussy. Cindy licked and sucked.
She was afraid not to, even though at first, she felt nothing but disgust.
After a while she was just numb from the shock of it all. The smell and taste
and wetness of Rita's cunt were overpowering.

Before long, Rita shifted her body around, all the way around, so that now
she faced Cindy's feet. She settled her pussy down on the girl's face and
then leaned over to get her own face close to Cindy's crotch. She ordered
Cindy to resume sucking her cunt again. She then pulled the girl's thighs
apart and opened her blonde-haired pussy to look at it.

Rita's mouth watered at the sight of Cindy's juicy little pussy. She started
licking the girl's cunt. She sucked the blonde's cunt juice right out of her
pussy. She mewled with excitement she was getting from the flavor and smell
of the young pussy that she was eating.

In the meantime, Cindy was sucking on Rita's hairy cunt lips. In this
position, Cindy's nose was almost right up against Rita's ass hole. When Rita
told her to get her tongue inside of her cunt, Cindy did it. A gob of thick
cunt juice flowed into her open mouth.

"Do my clit!" Rita said.

Cindy started sucking on the brunette's big clit. Rita wriggled around and
groaned with pleasure from the young girl's tongue and mouth action on her
sensitive love button. Then a moment later Rita climaxed, pumping her cunt on
Cindy's face, as her orgasm went off. After that, Rita sucked on Cindy's clit
until Cindy went wild. Rita was an expert. She knew exactly what to do with
her lips and tongue, to bring a girl off.

Cindy came quickly, groaning and heaving as the orgasm ripped through her
young pussy. Rita climbed off, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand and
chuckling. She walked over to a mirror and looked at herself.

"You're good, honey. If that's your first taste of cunt, you're a natural.
You don't have to be shy about it. If a man can like pussy, why can't a woman?
You did like it, at least a little, didn't you? And the nicest thing about
making it with another girl, is that there's no end to it. You can get as
much of it as you want. You can cum and cum and cum. Did you like the way I
sucked you?"

Cindy blushed and said, "Yes."

Rita laughed. "See, I told you."

Rita was amused by the girl's modesty. She returned to the bed and sat down
on the edge beside Cindy. She squeezed the teenager's pretty face. She ran
her fingers over Cindy's mouth.

She said, "I find your mouth exciting. I want you to do something special now,
something I really like. I want you to become good at it. It would be
something just between us, our little secret." as chuckled and patted the
girl's face.

She climbed onto the bed on her knees. She lowered her face to rest on her
folded arms and raised her ass. She told Cindy to get behind her and she did.
She still had the handcuffs on, and it was awkward to move, but she did what
Rita wanted. She positioned herself behind the brunette's upraised ass.

Rita wiggled her hips as said, "Kiss it, honey. Make me feel good."

When Cindy hesitated, Rita threatened her. She said she'd call Otto in to
take care of her. Cindy shuddered at the thought of Otto. She lowered her face
to Rita's ass and began kissing the brunette's ass cheeks. Rita purred with 
satisfaction, as the girl's mouth moved over her ass. Then she ordered Cindy
to lick her ass crack and in a daze, Cindy did it. She began lapping between
Rita's ass cheeks. As much as she tried, she couldn't avoid Rita's ass hole.
The brunette purred the first time Cindy's tongue touched it. 

"That's it, honey, right there. Keep your tongue busy right there."

Helpless, Cindy lapped her tongue back and forth over Rita's ass hole. Her
shoulders hurt because of the way she was bent over with her wrists manacled 
behind her back. She understood now that all Rita cared about was making her
a slave. She told herself she had no choice, she had to do what Rita wanted
or Rita would call Otto in, and maybe they would even kill her if she
disobeyed. The teenager continued licking Rita's ass hole. She'd already done
it to Mickey, so she told herself this wasn't as bad as that, but it was still
awful.

Rita's crotch had a feminine smell and her skin was so smooth. When Rita
groaned, Cindy discovered there was some satisfaction in turning the brunette
on. She suddenly wanted Rita to cum. Maybe if Rita got off, she'd go to sleep 
or something. Cindy lapped at Rita's ass hole with more abandon. She let some
spit flow out of her mouth to cover the brunette's ass hole. She pressed her
lips against the dark little hole and nibbled at the ass ring with her teeth,
Rita moaned in response. Cindy slipped her tongue inside the brunette's ass
and began fucking her with it.

"Oh, yes!" Rita said with a groan. "That's the way, baby, that's the way."

She slid her hand down to her cunt and started frigging her pussy while the
girl sucked on her ass. The teenager was better than Rita had expected. Rita
loved having her ass hole sucked. The nice thing about having slaves was that
she could always get it from them. Vic would sell this girl soon, but in the
meantime Rita would have her ass hole worked over anytime she felt like it.
Rita finally came.

She was pleased with Cindy. She said that she would tell Vic that she was a
good girl. She smiled at the little blonde, as she left the bed. Cindy watched
Rita, hoping that it was finished, but she went to the dresser again. She
took out something and chuckled, as she showed it to Cindy.

"This is for you, kid. I'm going to make you feel good."

Cindy trembled. Rita was holding in her hands a long thick cock, except that
it wasn't a real cock, but rather one made of rubber. There were straps 
attached to it and Cindy watched as Rita strapped the thing on. Before long,
Rita had an artificial cock sticking out of her pussy and looked like she had
a real prick. She smiled at Cindy and wagged the cock back and forth. The
brunette came back to the bed and told her to get on her knees. Cindy turned
around and did what Rita wanted. Rita moved behind the girl and fondled her
ass and cunt.

She said, "You have a gorgeous ass, kid." as she fingered the inside of her
cunt, giggling when she found it wet, "Well, you're certainly ready for it,
aren't you, honey?"

Then Rita rammed the rubber cock up Cindy's cunt and began fucking her.


                T       T       T



Later that night, as Ellen and Cindy huddled together in a bed, in a locked 
room, they hugged each other.

Ellen asked, "What did Rita do to you?"

She gradually dragged everything out of Cindy. She learned about her having to
suck the brunette's cunt, and then being fucked with the dildo. Ellen groaned.
Everything seemed so hopeless. She recalled her time with Vic. She'd had to do
everything with him, and she'd had an awful time. Ellen held Cindy in the
darkness. They were both exhausted and finally fell asleep in each other's
arms.



        T       T       T



The next day, in a room somewhere in the house, Vic and Rita sat relaxed on a
sofa. Sunlight flooded the room through the large windows. They'd had lunch
on the patio, and now they sat there drinking and chatting. Rita wore a white
tennis outfit. Vic wore jeans and a white sweater. Vic told her an amusing
story about a friend of his, and Rita giggled in response.

Then the door opened and Ellen and Cindy were led in by a maid. The servant
was soon gone, leaving Ellen and Cindy standing there alone. Mother and
daughter were each heavily made up and their wrists were manacled behind their
backs. They each wore a black lace garter belt, dark nylons and high heels.
Their tits were bare and both had black ball-gags in their mouths.

Vic was amused and commented, "I like it, I like it!"

The bondage gear had been Rita's idea. The brunette called the mother and
daughter forward and ordered them to spread their legs. When they did, Rita 
showed Vic that both of them now had rings piercing their cunt lips.

"I had it done this morning," Rita said.

She pulled at the rings until Ellen and Cindy moaned through their ball-gags.

Vic chuckled, "I don't think they like it."

"They haven't healed yet. Let's call Otto in to fuck the mother." Vic teased
her, "You'll just love Otto's big prick. Besides, I like seeing him in action."

Otto was called in. As soon as the door was closed, Vic ordered, "Take your
cock out and show Ellen what you've got."

Otto grinned. He unzipped his fly and brought out his huge prick. Rita took
the gag out of Ellen's mouth and told her to get down on her knees to suck
Otto off, unless she wanted Cindy to do it. Ellen went down on Otto in order
to save Cindy from having to do so. She took Otto's big cock into her mouth
while they all watched. Otto's cock slowly became hard. He began fucking his 
prick in and out of Ellen's mouth. He held her head with his huge hands.

Meanwhile, Rita had Cindy on the sofa with her. She fondled the teenager's
tits while they watched Otto and Ellen. Rita teased Cindy about the way her
mother sucked Otto's prick. She fondled the girl's luscious ass. She pushed a
finger inside of the girl's ass hole and fucked it in and out. Finally Otto
had a full hard-on. Vic casually said to fuck Ellen. Otto nodded. He made
Ellen bend over a chair. He pressed his hands against her ass and then shoved
his cock inside her cunt. Rita made Cindy get off the sofa with her. She
brought the girl over to them, to get a closer look at the fucking. Cindy
watched Otto's big cock fucking in and out of her mother's cunt.

Ellen groaned constantly as Otto fucked her. His cock was so huge. She was
afraid that he'd split her open before he was finished. Rita had her finger
in Cindy's ass again. Vic had his cock out of his pants, and he was stroking
his prick with his fist, as he watched Otto and Ellen. Rita made Cindy turn
her ass toward Vic so that Vic could see the way Rita was fingering the girl's
ass hole.

Vic teased Rita. "Too bad you don't have a prick to go in there."

Rita laughed and said, "She doesn't want a prick. She likes what she has."

Then Rita pulled the gag out of Cindy's mouth and pushed on the girl's 
shoulders to make her kneel in front of her. She slipped her shorts and 
panties off and tossed them away. She made Cindy suck her cunt, as Otto 
continued fucking her mother.

Ellen was in despair. She could see Cindy's mouth pressed against Rita's
hairy cunt, but at least Otto wasn't fucking the girl. She couldn't bear the 
thought of Otto fucking Cindy. She hoped that he would finish soon. She told 
herself that she and Cindy had to find a way to escape from these fiends.

Then Vic started teasing Otto. "You're a fucking ape. Go on, fuck her ass.
Rita always likes to see that. Fuck the shit out of her ass hole!"

Otto grinned as he pulled his cock out of Ellen's cunt. In a moment, he had
his cock head pushing at her ass hole. Now Ellen was sure she was going to
die and she screamed from the excruciating pain as he pushed his long, thick
cock into her ass.

Vic laughed, and told Otto to hold it a moment. "You'll kill her if you don't
use something."

Vic went to a desk on the far side of the room and brought back a bottle of
baby oil. He handed the bottle to Otto, and Otto squeezed some of the oil out,
around his cock. Then Otto pushed forward again to fuck his big cock up
Ellen's ass. Oil or no oil, Ellen was sure he'd kill her anyway. His cock
felt so huge, like a big club, as it stretched her ass open to impossible
dimensions. Her mind was in a whirl, as she hung over the chair. She groaned
continuously.

Before long Otto was fucking her ass smoothly and rapidly. Ellen's shit tube
had opened up to take his cock, so he now had no trouble fucking the shit out
of her. Rita made Cindy watch it closely. She wanted the girl to see how a
big cock easily fucked in and out of her mother's ass.

Cindy was horrified as she watched the big man ass fuck her mother. She could
see the way that Otto's huge cock stretched her mother's ass hole all out of
shape, and size. Rita fondled Cindy's tits while they watched. Then Rita
unlocked the girl's handcuffs and whispered in her ear.

She said, "Get down on your knees and fondle your mother's tits. Make her
feel real good, honey. It'll be better for her, if she gets a little turned
on."

She pushed Cindy forward, when the girl hesitated. Cindy was too afraid to not
do as she was told. She bent down and touched her mom. She grabbed one of
Ellen's tits and held onto it, as Otto continued fucking her.

Ellen was shocked when she realized what Cindy was doing, but she was
powerless to stop it, she was totally helpless. She shuddered, as she felt
her daughter's hand on her tit. Soon Cindy was busy fondling both of her
mother's tits.

Rita laughed as she stood behind Cindy, encouraging her on, as she stroked
Cindy's ass. Then she pushed her fingers inside of Cindy's cunt and ass hole.
After a while Rita pulled her fingers out and told Cindy to get behind Otto.
Cindy was relieved to not have to fondle her mother anymore. She moved behind
Otto the way Rita wanted. The girl quivered, as she looked at the big man's
ass pumping away in front of her.

"Hold his balls until he finishes," Rita said.

Cindy trembled, as she took a hold of Otto's huge balls. She shuddered as she
imagined all the jism that would come out of them. Rita went back to the sofa
to join Vic. She sat beside him and kissed his cheek. He was frigging his
prick in frenzy now, and Rita took over. She bent over his lap and sucked his
cock head into her mouth, between her lips. Then she sat up again and
continued jacking him off, as they watched Otto and Ellen and Cindy.

Before long Otto went over the top. He grunted as he came, pounding Ellen's
ass with his huge cock. Cindy's girlish hand was gripping his massive balls
as he shot off and she could feel his balls jumping against her fingers. She
watched her mother. Ellen's eyes were closed, her face was covered with sweat.
Cindy quivered as she realized her mother had just had an orgasm.




                              Chapter Seven



Vic liked teenaged girls when they were completely naked. An older woman might
look better in lingerie, but a girl Cindy's age was nicer without anything on
her body and this one was luscious. She was still sweet and innocent and
obviously afraid of him. He was sure that she would do anything he wanted. He
had her alone now in his bedroom. He'd fucked the mother a few times, and now
he would have a go at the daughter.

Cindy stood there patiently and waited for Vic to do something. She was
terrified of him. She'd seen how much power he had. She quivered as he touched
her. His fingers teased her tits, then his hand dropped down to tickle her
belly. Vic smiled as he ran his hands over the girl's body. He fondled her 
shoulders. "You're a sweet kid." he commented.

She had such beautiful skin. He admired the tightness of her body, the flat
belly, the puffy little pussy slit between her legs. He touched the ring that
pierced one of her cunt lips. She was all healed now. He ran his finger
between her cunt lips and chuckled when he felt the moisture there. Then he
lowered his head and kissed her lips. She trembled against him. He pushed his
tongue inside of her mouth, as his fingers fondled her pussy. She moved her
legs apart. She had no will to resist him, she was too afraid of him to
resist.

His fingers rubbed her cunt lips, spreading her juice around her cunt gash.
He rubbed up and down her back with his other hand, then down to the small of
her back and the beginning of her ass cheeks. Cindy sucked on his hot tongue.
She told herself that she had to be nice to him, as He could have her killed
any time that he wanted. She pushed her tongue between his lips. She moaned
against his mouth, as he started sucking her tongue, pulling at it, and
chewing it gently with his teeth. She could feel herself getting turned on.
Her nipples became stiff, and her pussy was all warm and wet, slippery with
her cunt juices. She groaned, as she twitched her ass in his hand.

Vic chuckled. "You're hot, aren't you kid?"

Cindy quivered. "I don't know."

He stepped back and grinned at her, as he slipped out of his clothes.

"Rita showed you a nice time, huh?"

Cindy blushed. "I guess so."

Vic laughed. He was finally naked, his cock throbbing in front of her.

"I want your ass kid. So turn around."

Cindy blanched, "My ass?"

She stared at his cock. She was afraid of it. His cock looked bigger than
Mickey's and she was afraid that he'd hurt her with it. Vic closed his hand
over her shoulder and forced her to turn around.

"Come on kid, just bend over the bed. Just get your head down and keep your
ass up high in the air, and I'll do the rest. Yeah, that's good. Just like
that. Nice baby, that's nice. Rita sucks your pussy, doesn't she? Yeah, sure
she does."

He fondled her tight round ass cheeks. Cindy trembled, as she waited for him
to fuck his big cock into her shitter. She was bent all the way over, her hair
dragging on the mattress, her palms supporting her weight. She moved her legs
apart a bit more. He was going to fuck her ass, and there was nothing she
could do about it.

Vic hissed under his breath at the sight of the girl's perfect ass cheeks.
The mother had a bigger ass, but not as perfect as this. The girl's ass was 
firm and unblemished. She had a deep ass crevice for a kid her age. He spread
her ass cheeks apart, to look at her crack. Buried in the center, deep between
the full mounds of her ass, was the tightly puckered ring of her ass hole. Her
pink ass ring was still virginal looking, in spite of the fact that he knew
that his men had both butt fucked her.

He continued stroking her ass awhile, delighting at the texture of her skin,
like silk. He squeezed and kneaded her ass cheeks until she started moving
her ass in response. He wanted her turned on when he stuck his prick into her
ass. Finally he took a hold of the bottle of baby oil that he'd put out on
the night stand.

"Hold still, honey." he ordered her.

He pulled one of her ass cheeks aside with his hand, and poured some oil onto
her ass hole. He rubbed the oil around her ass hole and then got some of it 
inside of her. His cock was swollen stiff, like iron, in anticipation of the
girl's juicy little shitter. After pouring some oil out on his palm, he oiled
his prick up.

"Okay doll, here we come." He pressed his cock-knob against her pink ass hole.

The girl groaned, but she didn't move. He pushed forward, grunting as he
watched his cock head squeeze inside of her young, tight ass.

"Yeah baby, yeah! Just hold it like that. That's good, honey. Feel it now?
Yeah, you do, huh? Well here comes the rest of it." he babbled as he fucked
his monstrous cock all the way into her.

She moaned as his cock spread her shit tube. Her head shook from side to side,
as he fucked the full length of his cock up her ass. Then she began whimpering,
and he became annoyed. He didn't like it when a broad whimpered. He told her
to shut up, and took a hold of her hair, pulling her head back. Then he rammed
his cock back into her ass, as he bent her neck backwards.

"Don't cry, doll. I don't like it when you cry." he told her.

She couldn't help it. She sobbed and gasped, as his cock fucked deep inside of
her ass, and pleaded with him to pull it out.

Cindy moaned, "Oh god! Please take it out! Your too big! It hurts too much."

All he did was laugh at her and told her, "You've got a greased ass hole.
So you can't be hurting that much. Besides, didn't Mickey already fuck your 
ass? You take it baby. You take the whole fucking cock or I'll wring your 
neck."

Now she was too afraid to do anything else. She knew she had to try, but she
was afraid that he'd kill her before he finished fucking her. She stopped
sobbing and begging and held still, while he slowly fucked his cock in and
out of her butt. She wanted to please him. Even though he was raping her ass,
she still wanted to please him, afraid of the consequences if she didn't.

Vic grunted with satisfaction as the girl's ass hole tightened around his
ramming prick. He loved it, what a sweet fucking piece she was. He kept the 
pace slow, no sense in ending it too quickly. There was too much to enjoy.
She had such a lovely tight ass hole.

Cindy was a smart girl, and quickly realized that by tightening her ass hole
that it made it better for him and she wanted to bring him off as fast as she
could to put an end to the seemingly endless pounding of his thick prick in
tight little ass hole. She began tightening and relaxing her ass ring around
his thick, sliding cock shaft. She brought him along and could tell by the
noises that he was making that she was moving him along to the finish.

Vic felt himself on the edge, his balls ready to erupt. Suddenly he cried out,
and rammed his cock deep into her ass as he started cuming. His jism spurted
out of his cock, into her ass guts. Wad after wad of hot cum boiled out of
his balls. Cindy felt his hot cum-load splashing inside of her shitter. She
made gurgling sounds, as he pumped away in her ass and suddenly she came
herself. She hadn't wanted to, but she couldn't help it. Her body was
responding to the fucking cock in her ass. She rolled her hips around, as her
ass hole tightened on his cock.

"Fuck me!" she cried. "Oh shit! Fuck my ass!"

Vic chuckled when he heard the girl. Now her ass hole was like a hot velvet
glove around his cock as he continued fucking her, pumping his prick in and
out of her loosened shitter. A shudder of delight went through him when he
saw the streaks of shit on his cock. What a sweet little doll she was. He 
squeezed her ass cheeks with his hands, as he rammed her ass again and again.
Then he suddenly pulled his cock out of her ass and pushed her forward.

She fell, sprawling onto the bed, moaning. She could feel her ass hole slowly
closing up as she lay there. Then she felt Vic climb onto the bed near her.
When she opened her eyes, she saw his shit-streaked cock only inches from her
face.

"Come on baby, clean it up. Get it in your mouth."

"Please, I . . ."

"I said get it in your mouth!"

She wrinkled her nose at his smelly prick, but she knew she had to do it. She
opened her mouth and Vic shoved his cock forward. His shit covered prick
pushed between her lips and over her tongue. He grinned as he stroked her
hair.

"Nice baby. Come on now and suck all of the shit off."

Vic watched her mouth closely, as she sucked and licked his cock clean. His
cock was a mess of his own jism and her shit, and even a little of her blood.
He laughed out loud, as she picked up a spot of brown shit with her pink tongue.
She wet her lips, as she looked up at his face, and he told her she was doing
just fine. Cindy took a deep breath and continued. She opened her mouth wide
and took all of his cock inside. The smell and taste was awful, she almost 
gagged when his prick-knob touched the back of her throat. Vic grabbed a 
handful of her hair, and fucked her face. Finally he pulled his cock out of 
her mouth and made her work on his balls. He had her suck his balls until they
glistened with her saliva.

His cock was getting hard again. When he had a cute little girl like this,
licking his balls, he was always turned on and got hard again fast. His cock
thickened as he watched it. Before long he shoved his prick inside of her
mouth again. This time, he hung over her, to fuck her face. He pulled over a
pillow and shoved it under her head.

"Just keep your mouth open, honey, and let me do the fucking!"

They had to be trained. She was too young to know anything. He had to train
them until they were perfect. Sooner or later he'd put her on the block. With
or without the mother, she'd bring a nice of change. He chuckled as he fucked
her mouth with a steady rhythm. Then he climaxed, he made a croaking sound, as
he shot his cum-load down her throat. He pulled back to let her swallow some
of his cum, and then he shoved it back into her mouth again. She was a doll,
alright, and she sucked like a dream.

"Come on, suck it cunt! Suck that cock!"



T       T       T



Meanwhile, Rita was amusing herself with Ellen. She sat in an easy chair with
her legs crossed while Ellen knelt in front of her.

Rita smiled and raised one foot. "Go on, kiss it."

Ellen's misery showed on her face. She lowered her head slowly towards Rita's
foot. Her lips puckered in a reluctant kiss. Her mouth touched the nylon
covering Rita's instep and she started weeping.

Rita chuckled, as Ellen's tears fell on her foot. "Cry if you want, but it
won't save you."

It was turning her on to abuse Ellen. The daughter was a little dish to be
sucked and fucked, but the mother was something else. Abusing a woman like 
Ellen brought Rita real enjoyment. She finally slipped her shoe off and pushed
her toes at Ellen's mouth. Ellen did whatever the brunette wanted. She kissed
Rita's toes and then moved her mouth up Rita's foot. Rita purred as Ellen's
mouth passed her ankle and moved up her leg.

"That's it, honey. You're getting the idea now."

Ellen held Rita's leg in her hands, as she kissed along Rita's shin to her
knee. At the knee, she paused. She knew where this was leading. She knew that 
before long she'd have her face in Rita's crotch. The brunette wore garters,
holding up her nylons, not pantyhose like most women, and she already had her
panties off. Ellen could smell Rita's crotch scent in her nose and knew that
Rita would make her go all the way with this game that she was playing. She
hated the brunette, she hated all of them. She found the idea of sucking
Rita's cunt completely revolting.

Rita, on the other hand, was getting more and more tuned on. She found Ellen's
unhappiness very exciting. She loved the feel of the woman's lips on her leg.
Her cunt was sopping wet, by the time Ellen arrived there, so she'd have a
swamp to contend with. Now Rita opened her legs and pulled one of her knees
up, so that her foot rested on the edge of the chair.

"All of it, honey. You get all of it."

Ellen stared at the dark-haired cunt. Rita's cunt lips drooped out like a
pair of flaps. They were swollen and open, her clit and her cunt hole visible.
Ellen could see the juices leaking out of the brunette's pussy gash, as she
kissed her way up along Rita's thigh, until she came to the top of her 
stocking. Rita made a cooing sound, as Ellen's lips moved onto her bare flesh.
Inch by inch, Ellen moved her mouth towards its final destination.

She wants it, Rita thought. She's dying to get her mouth on my cunt, but she
won't admit it to herself. She wanted to grab Ellen's head and pull her mouth
in, but she forced herself to be patient. It was always better when she was
patient. Let them dangle. Ellen's mouth would be there soon enough. Rita
mewled with pleasure and leaned back to wait for it. When Ellen's mouth
finally did arrive, Rita uttered a moan of satisfaction.
"Go baby go! Eat my pussy!" She sighed, as she felt Ellen's hair along the
insides of her thighs.

Then a quiver went through her, as she felt Ellen's nose pushing between her
cunt lips. She couldn't wait any longer. She needed more pressure. She pulled
at Ellen's head, pulling the woman's face against her crotch. 

"Suck it, damn it! Suck my cunt or I'll get Otto in here to play with you!"

The mention of Otto sent a bolt of raw fear through Ellen. She moved her mouth
and nose deep inside the brunette's wet cunt gash. Her tongue came out to lick
Rita's cunt hole. She licked and sucked around the hole, then she stabbed her
tongue inside of it and fluttered it back and forth. Rita giggled and said
that was good. Ellen gave her more tongue. Rita said to suck and Ellen sucked.

I'm nothing, Ellen thought. I'm only a slave, and nothing more. Rita began
giving Ellen instructions. The brunette enjoyed telling the woman at her feet
what to do. She made Ellen suck each cunt lip. She told Ellen to stick her
nose inside of her cunt hole, and then she giggled when Ellen did it. Ellen's
nose came out wet with cunt juice, and Rita giggled happily when she saw that.

"Now downtown." Rita said.

Ellen looked up at her. "I don't understand."

Rita chuckled. "There's uptown and downtown, honey. I want your tongue in my
ass. Use lots of spit to get it wet first, and then go right for it."

Ellen was dismayed. She hated the thought of sucking the brunette's ass hole.
There was nothing more revolting than that, but  she knew she had to do it.
The threat of Otto always hung over her. She would do anything to avoid being
in Otto's hands again.

The brunette had both knees pulled all the way back to her tits. She craned
her neck, to watch Ellen's mouth at work. She quivered at the first touch of
Ellen's tongue on her ass hole. She watched Ellen lick her ass. She watched
the spit come out, as Ellen lubricated her puckered ass ring. Then Rita
quivered, as Ellen's tongue slithered inside her ass. First the daughter, and
now the mother. God, how she loved it! She kept Ellen at it, kept her sucking
her ass hole while she played with her clit.

Finally, Rita's fingers began strumming her clit with more precision. It was
time now. She had to get off. She rubbed the shaft of her clit, as Ellen
continued tongue-fucking her ass hole.

"Suck my pisser!" Rita gasped and slapped at Ellen's head until Ellen had her
lips in place.

Then Rita came. She groaned as the spasms convulsed her pussy. She let go
before she finished and started pissing right into Ellen's mouth. She forced
Ellen to swallow it all. The brunette came again, as she watched Ellen drink
the hot piss gushing out of her pee hole.

"Get used to the taste of it." Rita said with a groan, "You're going to suck
my piss, whenever I want you to."




                              CHAPTER EIGHT



"You're a cutie." Vic said.

He sat beside Rita on the sofa and looked at Ellen. She stood in front of
them. She was naked except for a leather collar around her neck, and high
heels. A leash was attached to the collar. Vic held the leash, as he sat there
beside Rita.

He said, "I have a deal for you. I have a buyer for you. Its either you or
the girl. I can sell you and keep Cindy, if that's what you want. The buyer
will be rough on Cindy. So if you want to save her, then I'll have to sell
you." he chuckle and added, "You know that I'm being a nice guy to offer you
a choice and I hope that you appreciate it. I want you to remember me as a
nice guy."

Rita was amused. "You're crazy, Vic."

Vic snickered and pulled at the leash, jerking Ellen's neck. "She thinks I'm
an animal. I don't like it when broads think I'm an animal."

She thought about his offer. The idea of Cindy going somewhere alone was
horrifying. At least here, the girl would be taken care of. Ellen decided that
she had to sacrifice herself for her daughter's sake. She saw no other
possibility.

"I'll go instead of my daughter. As long as you don't harm her, I'll do
anything you want."

Vic nodded. He smiled at her. He said he'd expected that to be her decision.
"It's only right. A mother should protect her daughter. You're doing the right
thing."

Then he unzipped his fly and brought his cock out. He grinned as he pulled at
the leash and said, "Get down on your knees and suck me off. Show me some
gratitude."

She knelt on the carpet in front of him. She closed her mouth over the knob
of his cock and started sucking. She was used to him now. She'd serviced him
so many times, and Rita, too. Sometimes she did them both while they were
fucking. She was there to be used, and they did use her.



        T       T       T



A few days later, Ellen was presented to Vic's buyer. His name was Henry 
Vernon and Ellen was shocked to learn that he was a judge. He was an older 
man, somewhere past fifty, and when he looked at her, she could see the 
interest in his eyes.

Rita had chosen Ellen's clothes for the occasion. She wore a blouse and
skirt with nylons and high heeled shoes. She wore the leather collar, and Vic
held the leash that was attached to it. Her face was made up, and she knew
that she looked pretty. Certainly, the judge thought so. He immediately told
Vic that Ellen was a beauty.

"I'm impressed, Vic. I didn't expect it."

Vic chuckled. "You should believe me when I tell you things."

"Well, now I believe you."

Vic twisted the leash around in his hand, as he talked to the judge about her.
Then Vic told her to show the judge the marks on her body. Ellen blanched.
She hated the idea of doing that, but she'd promised Vic she'd behave. Vic's
eyes flashed when he noticed her hesitation. He jerked at the leash. She
trembled, as she lifted her skirt, to show them the welts and bruises on her
thighs and ass. She was wearing a garter belt and nylons and panties, but the
panties were sheer and all the marks on her body were visible. Rita had told
her she would have to show them, and now that she was doing it, Ellen was
more miserable than ever.

The judge was obviously fascinated by the bruises. He muttered something
about her being black and blue.

"Tell her to turn around."

Vic was amused. He handed the leash to the judge.

"You tell her, Judge. When you hold the leash, she does whatever you want."

The judge beamed. He snickered at Ellen.

"Turn around honey and show me your ass."

Ellen obediently turned. Her ass cheeks were criss-crossed with marks from
the beatings Rita had given her, and she knew that the judge could see them
through the sheer nylon of her panties.

"She's lovely," the judge said. "Really delicious."

Vic chuckled and told Ellen to get her panties off. "Show the judge the ring."

Ellen was in a helpless daze now. She tried not to think about what she was
doing, nor about what they were looking at. She slipped her panties down,
letting them fall to her ankles, and stepped out of them. Vic wanted her to
show the judge the ring in her cunt lip. She moved her legs apart to make it
visible. She showed the Judge her pussy. She could see that he was very turned
on by her. He was practically drooling over her, as she stood there with her
skirt raised to her hips, her cunt bush, cunt lips and the gold ring exposed.

The judge wanted to know if she was really obedient. "I don't mean faking it,
I mean the real stuff."

Vic smiled and told him to use the leash. "Just tell her what you want and
she'll do it."

The judge snickered and pulled the leash. He told Ellen to get down on her
knees in front of him. Her tits jiggled, as she bent down onto the carpet. He
moved his legs apart and told her to get his cock out. She unzipped his fly
and brought his limp prick out through the opening. When the judge told her
to suck his prick, she took his cock knob between her lips.

He was pleased and said "She is a hot one, isn't she?" He chuckled and told
her to stop sucking. Now he wanted her to get up and strip. He said that he
wanted to see what she looked like. Ellen rose telling herself that it was
all for Cindy's sake. She began stripping out of her clothes. The men talked
about her, as it was gradually revealed. The judge lit a cigar and said he'd
always known that Vic was dependable. When Ellen was down to her garter belt
and nylons, the judge told her to stop.

"That's enough, honey. Let's have a look at the ass again."

He chuckled as she turned her back to him. This time, he wanted her to bend
over. He told her to spread her ass cheeks and she pulled her ass cheeks
apart with her hands, to show the judge her ass hole. She tried very hard not
to cry because she knew that Vic would be furious if she cried. The judge
snickered and said that her ass hole looked a bit used.

"She's not torn up inside, is she? I wouldn't like it if she wasn't healthy."

Vic had to assure the judge that her ass hole was intact and healthy. The
judge said that he liked the marks on her ass. He said his wife would go for
the marks, too. Ellen was shocked. This was the first mention of Judge
Vernon's wife. It hadn't occurred to her that he might be married.

After that, the three of them went to an adjoining room. The judge amused
himself leading her on the leash, as if she were a poodle. He chuckled and 
stroked her ass. He hefted one of her tits and said she was a fine looking 
woman. Then he put the leash down and he started undressing, both of the men 
undressed. Ellen stood there and watched them, as they removed their clothes. 
She realized then, that she'd have to service both of them. She was frightened
of her future, terrified of what would happen to her after she left Vic's.

When the men were naked, they made her get on her knees to suck their cocks.
She had to suck each prick in turn. The judge had a long, thin prick, with
heavy balls. No matter what she did, his cock remained limp as a wet noodle. 
Vic finally told the judge to turn around so that Ellen could lick his ass. 
The judge chuckled, as he bent over.

Ellen moved in and spread his ass cheeks. She licked his ass crack and then
went to work on his ass hole with her mouth. The judge wriggled his ass
against her face, and said that his prick was getting hard. She had to do the
same thing to Vic. Then she had to suck their balls. By this time, both cocks
were completely stiff.

Vic told her to kneel on the edge of the bed with her ass high up in the air.
As soon as she was positioned, she felt the judge's hands on her ass. He
fingered her cunt. She heard him talking to Vic about some trial that was
coming up. She was nothing to them, just a piece of meat available for their
pleasure.

The judge opened her cunt with his fingers and fucked his cock inside. He 
continued talking to Vic, as he fucked her. He told Vic a joke about a judge 
in Las Vegas. Ellen shuddered with revulsion, as his thin cock fucked in and 
out of her cunt hole. She felt his belly slapping up against her ass. She 
wondered about his wife. She wondered if his wife was worse than Rita.
Finally the judge pulled out of her cunt and Vic replaced him. Vic fucked 
her more forcefully. She was used to Vic. He leaned over her back to pinch
her nipples. He continued talking to the judge, as he fucked his cock in and
out of her pussy.

Ellen started wondering about the future again. She tried to imagine what it
would be like for her with the judge and his wife. She was shocked that a
judge would be involved in something like this. Then she told herself she 
shouldn't be so naive. The judge was evidently pleased at the idea of having
a slave. He'd probably had slaves before her. Maybe the last one had died of 
exhaustion.

She was suddenly more afraid than ever. Once again, she told herself it was
all for Cindy's sake. Whatever life she'd had before didn't exist anymore.
She wondered what had happened to Phil, and how come the police hadn't come 
after them? Was there any chance they'd be rescued or was her situation
hopeless. It seemed that people like Vic and the judge had the real power in
the world.

Then Vic pulled his cock out of her cunt and the judge moved back behind her
again. This time, the judge wanted her ass hole. He grunted, as he pushed his 
cock inside of her ass. Ellen was grateful his cock was so thin, but he did
have a long prick, and in a moment she could feel it all the way up her
shitter. She felt his big balls pressing against her cunt lips.

The judge chuckled and wriggled around with his cock up her ass. He was
obviously having himself a marvelous time. He slapped her ass and said that
she had a solid body and that she was a good fuck. He told Vic that she was
worth the money that he was asking and began fucking her ass even harder. He
muttered and made noises in his throat as he fucked her.

Before long he shot off inside of her ass, his hands holding her hips, as his 
prick spurted his cum inside of her ass guts. He grunted like a pig, as he
came.

"Nice little piece of ass Vic. She's very nice."

When the judge pulled his cock out of her ass, Vic took his place. Vic rammed
her ass hole, just like he always did. He pounded her ass, as he fucked her
hard to the very finish. He laughed and pinched her ass, as he dumped his cum
into her shitter.

Now that she had two loads of jism in her ass, she could feel the wetness deep
in her ass guts. She could feel the gaping of her ass hole and continued
kneeling there, her chest heaving, and her mind in a whirl. Then the judge
slapped her on the ass and told her to sit up. He wanted her to clean his cock
off with her mouth. He moved forward, shoving his shit covered prick right
between her lips and she sucked and licked his prick clean. He giggled, as she
lapped up and down his limp cock shaft. Then he rubbed his prick across her
nose and eyes.

"That's it, girl. That's a good girl."

When his cock was clean, Vic replaced him. She sucked Vic's prick clean of her
shit. He played with her, slapping his prick across her face and teasing her.
Then the judge ordered her to get his cock hard again. He wanted her on the
floor this time, between his legs. She went down on her knees between his
spread thighs. She sucked his low-hanging balls and she sucked his long thin
prick, until it was stiff again.

The judge was delighted. He really hadn't expected to get another hard-on to
come so easily.

"Oh, boy! She is good, isn't she?" he commented joyfully.

She sucked Vic's cock and balls the same way. Then she handled their pricks,
fondled their balls with her fingers. She realized everything depended on her
making them happy. She was horrified at the idea of Cindy being sold to a
beast like this judge.

Then they wanted Ellen on the bed again. She had to kneel on the bed, while
the judge got behind her. He played with her ass. He teased her ass hole with
his fingers. Then he fucked his cock inside of her ass. Now, he'd already
cum once, and he had all the time in the world. He grunted, as he fucked her 
shitter again.

Vic crawled onto the bed in front of her face. He pushed his cock at her lips,
and she opened her mouth to take it in. She had one cock in her ass, and the
other in her mouth. It was her first time being taken by two men, at the same
time. She felt completely subjugated as well as skewered by cock meat. The
judge was openly enjoying himself, as he fucked her ass. He leaned over her
back to fondle her tits.

He played with the ring through her cunt lip and said that she was a lovely
piece. Then he started talking about the slaves he and his wife had owned
before. He said that they liked the seasoned ones better because the young
girls were just too fragile. A woman like Ellen, on the other hand, could have
the shit kicked out of her, and still come back for more.

Ellen was terrified as she listened to him talk, and wondered if she would
survive being his slave. She told herself that she ought to find a way to end
her life, but then Cindy would be sold to him instead. It seemed that there
was no way out of this for her.

The men finally pulled their cocks out of her ass and mouth. Vic lay down on
his back, and Ellen had to straddle him. She took his cock inside her cunt.
The judge then got behind her, and pushed her forward over Vic's chest. He 
played with her ass and then rammed his cock up her shitter. He was very
agile for a man of his age.

He laughed as he squeezed her hips. The judge slapped her ass and told her
that he wanted her to tighten her ass hole up around his cock. She clamped
down on his prick, until he was satisfied, then he started fucking her ass
again, while she still had Vic's cock in her cunt.

The fit was now really tight and it made no difference how thin the judge's
cock was. With Vic's prick inside of her cunt, the judge's cock felt like a
baseball bat inside of her ass. Vic chewed on her nipples as they fucked her,
while the judge laughed and brutally pinched her ass. His belly kept slapping
against her ass, as he fucked her shit hole. He grunted and wheezed.

Suddenly, she blew a fart out of her ass hole, and both men laughed at her.
She felt totally degraded, totally used and completely humiliated. They fucked
away in her cunt and ass, until they both finally came inside of her. The
judge made wild noises while he shot off inside of her ass. His slimy cock
slipped out of her ass hole with a sucking noise, as he moved away. Vic pushed
her off of the bed, and she fell to the floor.

The judge laughed and suggested pissing on and Vic quickly agreed. They got
off of the bed and stood over her. She looked up at them with begging eyes,
but of course it did her no good. They laughed at her, as they fingered their
cocks and then began pissing on her. The hot piss drenched her face and tits
and belly. They pissed all over her. The judge was pleased by the way that she
took it. When they finished pissing, the judge told Vic to leave him alone
with her for awhile.

Vic chuckled and said okay. "But be careful that she doesn't choke Judge."

He seemed to know what the judge wanted and after Vic left the room, closing
the door behind him, the judge smiled down at Ellen. He told her to lay flat
on her back. When she did it, he straddled her body, facing her feet, and
moved backwards to squat over her face.

Ellen was horrified, as she realized what was about to happen to her. The
judge's pale ass mesmerized her and there was no way to stop it. The judge
grunted and started shitting on her. Ellen watched the turd squeeze out of
his hairy ass hole, his ass hole gaping like a round mouth. In a moment, the
hot shit fell on her tits. Another turd followed. The judge laughed as he
farted and said that he had worked hard all of his life to get where he was,
and that she ought to be thankful that he was only shitting on her, and not
making her eat his shit.




                              CHAPTER NINE



Mabel Vernon chuckled as she looked at Ellen. They were alone in the room
together. Ellen was naked, her wrists and ankles chained to a post in the
center of the room. Mabel was fully dressed, sitting relaxed in a chair, with
a drink in her hand.

Mabel was about forty, a tall woman with graying hair and a haughty look. She
was pleased with Ellen. This time her husband Henry had brought home something
special. Ellen was much more attractive than the others that they'd had. Yes,
Mabel was pleased.

Mabel accepted her own peculiarities. She enjoyed hurting women, and the more
attractive the woman, the better it was for her, and Ellen was certainly
attractive with a lovely ripe looking body. Mabel looked forward to hurting
those juicy nipples. She planned to use the woman thoroughly. She had a
schedule in mind, as she liked to plan these things out. Each day would bring
a new regimen of pain and abuse for Ellen.

Mabel knew that her husband had his own needs, he enjoyed fucking them. Mabel
didn't mind seeing him with another woman, provided the woman was Mabel's
slave. As long as the women belonged to Mabel, Henry could do what he wanted
with them. Mabel liked hurting them, and Henry liked something else. She liked
to see them weeping.

Now Mabel was amused at the hatred in Ellen's eyes. This one seemed to have
already guessed what was in store for her, but whether she'd guessed right or
not, it was Mabel who would call the shots. She'd knock all the resistance out
of Ellen. That was the way it was. First knock their resistance out, and then
pet them and pamper them until they accepted being lap dogs. Until they were
afraid to be anything else. By the time that she was through with Ellen, there
would be nothing but adoration in Ellen's eyes for her.

Mabel rose from her chair and went over to a drawer, opened it and brought out
a riding crop. She turned around so that Ellen could see it and chuckled as
she saw the fear in Ellen's eyes.

"You don't like this Darling? I thought you'd be easy by the time you came to
us. Well, if you're not easy, we'll have to make you easy, won't we? You don't
feel so strong anymore, do you? You will get to know me." she said chuckling,
and Ellen would get to know everything about her. "You will get to know all of
the details, darling. I want you to look after me."

She pushed the end of the riding crop at Ellen's heavy tits. She slid the
crop under one tit globe and raised the tit with it. "These are nice. They'll
be down to your belly someday, but for the moment they're a plus. You have a
nice body, you know and I do like the marks. And these tits! I'm going to hurt
them, darling. You know that, don't you?"

And suddenly she slashed the riding crop across Ellen's naked tits. Ellen
cried out, a sound of anguish and pain and hopelessness as Mabel laughed. She
said she liked the sound of it and hit Ellen again. She grabbed a hold of one
of Ellen's tits and tore at it with her fingernails. She held the tit in one
of her hands and deliberately struck the nipple with the riding crop.

Ellen's eyes rolled up with pain making Mabel very pleased. She said she liked
the way Ellen responded. She put the riding crop away and unchained Ellen's
wrists and ankles. Ellen fell to the floor, sobbing. Mabel laughed and kicked
her. Her shoe caught Ellen's side and Ellen writhed on the floor in pain.

"I want you to know what you are!" Mabel said calmly. "It's quite important
that you know what you are."

After that, she told Ellen to kneel with her head down. She was weeping as
she did it. Mabel walked around Ellen. When she was behind Ellen, she stopped
and studied Ellen's cunt and ass. She raised one foot and pushed the point of
her shoe between Ellen's ass cheeks. Then she pushed farther down, pushing the
toe of her shoe between Ellen's fat cunt lips.

"Hold still. I don't want you moving unless I tell you."

She pushed the point of her shoe inside of Ellen's cunt hole, and giggled as
she fucked Ellen's cunt with her shoe. Then she pulled the point of her shoe
out and pushed at Ellen's ass hole with it. Ellen groaned as the point of
Mabel's shoe entered her ass.

Mabel was enjoying herself. She pulled the toe of her shoe away and used the
heel instead. She wore sharp little French heels and as she pushed the pointed
heel against Ellen's ass hole, it slipped right in. Then she fucked Ellen's
ass with her French heel.

Then Mabel knelt down. She pinched Ellen's ass, telling Ellen to move her legs
farther apart. She fingered Ellen's fat cunt lips and worked two fingers
inside of it. Then she added another finger and another, until she had four
fingers inside of Ellen's cunt. Ellen's cunt hole was stretched into a gaping
maw. Then Mabel added her thumb and pushed all of her hand inside Ellen's
pussy.

Ellen groaned constantly. She felt as though she was being split open, split
apart in her crotch. She was sure that the woman was going to kill her. Mabel
had her wrist inside Ellen's painfully stretched cunt-hole and began to fist
fuck her cunt. She loved abusing them like this and she loved the power that
she had over them, when she had her fist in their cunts. Ellen sobbed and
groaned while Mabel laughed. She finally pulled her fist out of Ellen's cunt
and wiped her hand on Ellen's ass.

Mabel returned to her chair, humming a melody to herself. She was happy. She
pulled her dress up to her waist and sat down. Now her legs and thighs were
uncovered. She wore garter held nylons with no panties. She ran her fingers
through her cunt bush as she opened her legs up wide to expose her pussy. She
told Ellen to crawl on the floor over to her. She threatened to beat Ellen
with the riding crop again if she didn't move quickly.

Ellen crawled over to Mabel, bruised and sobbing. She gazed at the woman's
spread legs, at the white flesh of her thighs above her nylons, and at the
full bush of cunt hair, that covered her cunt lips and ran down into the crack
of her ass. There was no need for Mabel to instruct Ellen what to do now, as
she knew what Mabel wanted. Licking her dry lips, Ellen moved in on the
woman's pussy while Mabel snickered.

"You belong to me, darling and you'll be safe here, as long as you please me.
When you stop pleasing me, I'll have you snuffed out like a used candle. You
do understand me, don't you?"

Ellen groaned, as she pushed her face against Mabel's hairy pussy. She worked
her nose and mouth between Mabel's meaty cunt lips and started sucking on the
woman's cunt gash as Mabel stroked her head. She looked down at Ellen's face
and held her cunt lips open with her fingers, as she watched Ellen's tongue
working over her pleasure hole. She thought about all of the slaves that she'd
had.

Her liking for a slave woman had started in college. It had always been only
a question of finding them. She loved having her cunt sucked by a pretty girl
or an attractive woman.

Then she told Ellen to suck her ass hole and laughed at Ellen's difficulty, as
Ellen tried to get her mouth lower down. Mabel helped her by moving her ass
up, in order to get Ellen's tongue into her shit hole.

"Wash my ass hole, darling. It's your job to see that it's always clean."

Finally, Mabel pushed Ellen away. Then she told Ellen to lie down on her back
on the floor. Ellen obediently stretched out on the carpet, and Mabel
straddled her, facing her feet, Mabel held her dress up around her waist, as
she lowered herself down over Ellen's face.

Ellen stared at the woman's broad white ass. Mabel was a slender woman, but
she had full hips and a broad ass. Ellen could see Mabel's hairy cunt between
her spread thighs. She saw the hair growing in Mabel's ass crack and around
her puckered ass hole. Mabel's ass hole still glistened with Ellen's saliva.

Then Mabel started pissing. The hot piss covered Ellen's tits and ran over
her belly and neck. Ellen was numb, as she watched the yellow piss gush out
of the woman's cunt. Mabel made a noise in her throat and started shitting.
Her ass hole opened, like a brown mouth. She grunted with pleasure, as the
long turds came out. She wriggled her ass, as she dropped her foul shit on
Ellen's creamy tits.

When Mabel was finished shitting, she straightened up, let her dress drop and
stood there, looking down at Ellen. She laughed at Ellen's obvious disgust
and misery. She told Ellen to smear the shit over her body. When Ellen
hesitated, Mabel kicked her viciously.

"I'll have you branded, you little slut! I'll watch your flesh burn!"

Ellen groaned and began smearing Mabel's smelly shit over her fits and belly.



        T       T       T



"I work too hard!" the judge said to his wife. "I think I ought to retire."

Mabel snickered at him and said, "Henry don't be foolish. You've been retired
since the day you became a judge. You don't really do anything, do you? I
know you too well to think you actually do anything."

They chuckled at that thought. They were in the living room and Ellen was
naked. She was on her knees, sucking the judge's cock, while they talked about
his days in court. The judge's cock was only half-hard. Mabel had her legs
apart, her skirt pulled back to her waist, as she idly played with her own
cunt, while she watched Ellen sucking her husband's cock.

Ellen's lips were swollen from all the sucking she'd done that day. Her mouth
moved up and down on the judge's thin prick. His cock became hard, slowly and
Mabel fingered her own cunt lips as she watched.

Ellen's misery was intense. These people were much worse than Vic and Rita.
Now they were talking about her, and she tried to listen. They treated her
like a pet dog. No, a dog would get better treatment. Mabel was a vicious,
horrible sadist.

Mabel teased the judge, because his cock still wasn't completely hard. "Having
trouble, Henry?"

But he was getting there, his cock was slowly getting hard. He smirked at his
wife and said, "A big gun doesn't get loaded that easily."

He soon had a stiff prick, and he was pleased.

Mabel questioned the judge about Ellen. She wanted to know what he thought
about her. "You haven't done much to her."

"I will, I will."

"When, darling? I seem to be the only one who likes doing things."

"I like it, also."

He told Mabel that he too liked to see the slaves hurt as much as she did and
enjoyed seeing them suffer. Mabel smiled and said that they belonged together.
After that, they took Ellen to the playroom. They chained her to the post in
the center of the room. Ellen hated the post, as she was always hurt when she
was chained to the post. It did no good to beg, since they never listened to
her when she begged anyway. They had her hanging forward from the post now,
her tits dropped down as ripe targets. She had new marks on her body. The
judge walked away to light a cigar. Mabel came over to Ellen and smiled, as
she pinched her hanging tits.

"We'll work on these today. Is that all right, Henry?"

The judge puffed away on his cigar and said, "Sure, whatever you want darling."

He was always excited by his wife's cruelty. Mabel seemed to be getting worse
as she got older. She was getting to be a real witch, and he loved it. He
loved watching her in action. Mabel was now steadily slapping Ellen's tits
back and forth. Ellen trembled out of fear of the woman. Mabel seemed
fascinated by the way Ellen's tits swung from side to side, like a pair of
hanging balloons.

Then Mabel turned to the judge and said, "This will be a heavy one, Henry.
I'm going to get my clothes off."

The judge nodded and replied, "Me, too.'

The two Vernons'' stripped their clothes off, piece by piece and folded
everything neatly, setting them on one of the chairs. They were in no rush.
These things were best done with patience.

Mabel had a good body for a woman her age. She had small tits, but with very
long nipples and she didn't have a hint of flab anywhere, except on her hips.
She also had a plump ass. She was obviously turned on from the anticipation,
and rubbed her cunt with her fingers, as she gazed at Ellen. She probed
between her cunt lips and then raised her fingers, filled with her cunt juice
up to Ellen's mouth. She rubbed her pussy-wettened fingers over Ellen's lips,
and laughed as she made Ellen suck her fingers clean. She bunched up three
fingers and pushed them in and out of Ellen's mouth, as though her fingers
were a cock.

The judge watched, slowly stroking his cock. He liked seeing Mabel naked. She
still turned him on. He watched her now as she went to a drawer and brought
out a set of clips. Ellen saw the clips, and was immediately afraid. Then
Mabel went to another drawer and brought out a pair of pliers.

The judge chuckled and commented, "Don't go nuts again."

He continued stroking his cock, as he watched Mabel move around the room. She
noticed his eyes on her, and she teased him about it. She found her shoes and
put them on, knowing what her husband liked. The judge was obviously turned
on even more, seeing her wearing nothing but her high heels. Mabel smiled at
him and deliberately stroked her ass.

"You'll get some of this later, darling."

Ellen's nipples were swollen from all the abuse she'd received from Mabel.
Mabel came over to her with the pliers first. Mabel's face was expressionless,
as she took one of Ellen's nipples between the jaws of the pliers and squeezed.
Ellen screamed. Mabel released the nipple and looked at it. Then she moved
the pliers to the other nipple and did the same thing. Ellen screamed again,
begging her to stop this time. The pain was unbearable, but Mabel liked the
screaming and she tortured both nipples again, with the pliers.

The pliers were a marvelous tool. She always was able to turn her slaves
inside out with the pliers. She finally put the pliers down, before Ellen
passed out. She then picked up the clips. Their springs were quite strong.
She put a clip on each of Ellen's nipples, and tested them, to make sure that
they were grabbing her nipples firmly. Ellen was in constant agony and sobbed
incoherently.

Mabel picked up the pliers again, this time using them down below. She grabbed
one of Ellen's cunt lips with the pliers and pinched it brutally. The judge
continued frigging his cock and mow Mabel was frigging herself as well.
Ellen's pain was turning her on. When she pinched the lower parts of Ellen's
tits with the pliers, Ellen started pissing on herself. Her warm piss ran
down the insides of her legs, making both of the Vernons' laugh at her. Mabel
taunted Ellen about pissing all over herself.

Finally Ellen was unchained and bent over a chair. Mabel went to the drawers
again, and brought out a ten-inch dildo with straps attached to it. She
strapped the dildo on and moved behind Ellen's ass. She patted Ellen's raised
butt and teased her about the marks on her ass. She played with Ellen's ass
hole, stretching it with her fingers and churning her fingers around inside.

Mabel then pushed the dildo inside of Ellen's gaping ass hole, watching it
carefully as it slid into the bound woman. She enjoyed herself, as she fucked
the dildo up Ellen's ass. She showed Ellen no mercy, shoving the dildo all of
the way in, fucking all ten inches of the hard rubber up Ellen's shitter. The
judge was extremely excited as he watched the scene going on in front of him.
He got up and moved behind his wife, to fondle her ass. He pushed two fingers
inside her ass hole and fucked the fingers in and out of her, frigging his
cock with his free hand, as he did so.

Before long, he made a croaking sound, and came all over Mabel's white ass.
Mabel continued fucking Ellen, until she too had an orgasm. After that, Ellen
was pushed off the chair. She then had to get between their legs, one after
the other, and drink their piss. She did the judge first. He took a long piss
in her mouth. She was good at it by now and not a drop escaped her mouth. When
it was finished, and she moved to Mabel.

Ellen told herself she'd rather drink their piss than be tortured by them.
Mabel moved her legs apart and Ellen maneuvered her mouth under Mabel's cunt.
Mabel mewled and started pissing while Ellen swallowed it all. She missed
nothing this time either, gulping the woman's hot piss down her throat.

Just as Mabel finished, the phone rang. Mabel went to answer it. The judge, in
the meantime, made Ellen get her mouth around his cock again. Mabel told the
judge that there was trouble. The judge looked down at Ellen's mouth, as she
sucked on his cock.

"What trouble?"

Mabel explained that the call was from one of Vic Benson's people. Ellen's
daughter had escaped, and gone to the police. The police were evidently on
their way to the Vernon home. Then suddenly there was shouting and banging on
the front door, and both Mabel and the judge groaned in dismay.

The police had arrived! Ellen sobbed as she realized Cindy had saved her!




                                CHAPTER TEN



"I'm just a little harem girl." Ellen thought with a smile.

Nearly a month had passed, since she'd been returned to her family. She was in
her bedroom, getting ready for Phil. She was brushing her hair as she stood
before the full-length mirror. When she finished with her hair, she perfumed
her tits and cunt muff. She was wearing a garter belt and stockings. Since she
was rescued, she always dressed for sex. She stepped into the new high-heeled
mules that she'd bought and quivered as she looked at herself in the mirror.
'She certainly did look sexy.' she thought to herself.

Her marriage was now better than it had ever been, and tonight she and Cindy
had special plans that she'd already hinted about to Phil. After turning away
from the mirror, she slipped on a black negligee and moved back to the mirror
to see the total effect. She decided that her nipples needed something, so she
found the right shade of lipstick on her dressing table, and colored her
nipples, not too much, but just enough to make them stand out a little more.

She still had the rings through her cunt lips. She had talked to Phil about
it, and they had agreed that she would leave them there to remind her of
the things that she had gone through, when she had been kidnaped. She pulled
the negligee aside to look at her ass in the mirror. It looked luscious with
the black garter belt framing it out, and her dark nylons covering her shapely
legs. Phil had always liked her ass and legs.

The door opened, and Phil came in. He grinned when he saw what she was wearing.

"Ooooo, there's a sexy woman in my bedroom."

He was wearing a robe and kissed her. He slipped out of his robe and stretched
out on the bed, with only his Jockey shorts to cover him. Ellen continued her
preening in front of the mirror. She put fresh lipstick on her lips, wanting
to delay things just a bit to tease him. They would both get worked up, if
they waited. She wondered what he thought about, when he looked at her these
days as she had changed so much.

In the past, she would never have done what she was doing now, standing in
front of him in her stockings and her bare ass almost in his face. All of the
marks that she had gotten from the whips, belts, and canes, were gone now. She
had a creamy white ass and smooth thighs again. Her shapely legs were made
even shapelier, by the high-heeled mules and encased in the dark stockings.

They talked about trivial things and she was delighted that they finally had
a good sex life together. She never thought about religion anymore, and she
wasn't sorry about that.

Phil growled at her. He wanted her on the bed. She smiled and went to him. He
opened the belt of her negligee to expose her huge tits. She leaned over him,
her tits hanging down in his face. He fondled her tits, his fingers pulling
at her nipples. He smiled as he looked down at her garter belt and nylons,
which framed her bush.

"Now that's what I call table pussy. It's good enough to eat." he said,
smiling at her.

"Mmmmm. Ripe and juicy, just for you. sweetheart." she purred.

She saw the bulge of his hard cock in his Jockey shorts. It reminded her of
all the pain and all the degradation that she'd been put through. "If that
terrible time had succeeded in making her into a real woman, then maybe it was
all worth it after all." she thought to herself.

Phil pulled at one of her tits, and she lowered it down to his mouth. A thrill
shot through her, as he suckled on her nipple. She loved it when he sucked her
on her nipples. He looked up and asked her if it felt good and she could only
purr in response. He sucked one tit after the other, his hands molding them,
and hefting their weight. She hovered over him, her tits hanging down like a
pair of ripe melons.

She moaned as she felt his teeth on her nipples. She liked it to hurt a bit
now, not too much, just enough to make her feel it. She shuddered, as she
remembered Mabel Vernon and those damned pliers of hers. The Vernons' and Vic
Benson were now in jail, awaiting trial. Ellen prayed they would all rot in
prison.

Then Phil wanted her negligee off. She slipped out of it and tossed it away.
Smiling at him, she wiggled her hips and asked, "What now, master?"

"On the bed."

She stretched out on the bed beside him. She stroked his chest and then his
belly. She trembled, as she touched the hard bulge of his cock in his Jockey
shorts. She was trembling with excitement now, she was dying to fuck him. She
wanted that entire lovely cock shaft of his, stuffed inside of her pussy.

Suddenly the door opened, and Cindy stood there smiling. "Hello everyone!"
She was only wearing innocent, little girl, white cotton panties. "Is it all
right if I come in?"

Phil's eyes were hot as he looked over the ripe body of his teenaged daughter.
"You two had this all planned, didn't you."

Ellen chuckled, "I told you about it."

"Yeah, I guess you did."

Phil knew everything that Ellen and Cindy had been through and knew that
nothing would ever be the same for them again. Now they had a new life
together. A different life.

Cindy sat down in a chair to watch them as Ellen moved into Phil's arms and
kissed him. A few moments later, she helped him to get his shorts off. She
looked at Cindy, and saw that the girl blushing, as she stared at her father's
heavy cock and balls.

Ellen teased her daughter, "Every man has one of those, you know."

But Cindy's eyes never left his cock, as she replied, "But he's my father."

Ellen laughed and said, "Yes, he certainly is."

"He's big!"

Phil protested, "Stop talking about me, as if I'm not here. Come on, Ellen.
If the kid's going to watch us, let's do something and give her a show."

Ellen took his fat cock in her hand, and rubbed the leaking pre-cum all over
his prick-knob. Then Phil said that he wanted her on her hands and knees. She
bent over for him, and he leaned towards her, to fondle her hanging tits.
After that, he moved behind her and started kissing her ass, making her groan.

She looked at Cindy and smiled, as Phil's mouth moved over her ass. He tongued
her ass crack as she shuddered. She mewled with pleasure, when she felt his
tongue on her ass hole. Cindy was watching it all and winked at her mother.
Ellen was now flat on her belly, with Phil hovering over her, making love to
her ass, nibbling and kissing her ass cheeks.

He licked her ass crack again, making her groan, as she raised her ass up to
his mouth. She pushed back her butt back at him, but he teased her, by leaving
her ass hole to lick at her cunt. She liked that just as much, and she screwed
her hips around, to show her appreciation. A moan came out of her throat as
his tongue fluttered around inside of her cunt hole. She screwed her hips
against his face. He kissed her thighs and finally told her to roll over.

After turning over on her back, Ellen pulled her knees up to her tits. Phil
grinned, and lowered his face right into her crotch. He kissed the insides of
her thighs, just above her nylons. He nuzzled her hairy pussy and started
licking between her cunt lips. His tongue played with the ring that pierced
one of her cunt lips.

Ellen craned her neck back to watch him, as he sucked her pussy. She could see
the juices running out of her open cunt. She quivered, as he licked her pussy
juices up and mewled with pleasure, as he stuck his tongue all the way up her
cunt hole, to get more pussy cream. He had his nose pressing against her clit,
and it felt delicious.

Then suddenly Ellen felt the bed move. She turned her head and smiled, when
she saw that Cindy was now on the bed. The girl knelt beside Ellen, with her
hand frigging her little pussy. She had her panties off now, as she watched
her daughter's plunging fingers moving inside of herself. Then Cindy giggled,
and leaned over her mother, to suck one of Ellen's nipples. Ellen groaned, as
the girl chewed on her nipple.

She fondled Cindy's body, pushing the girl's hand away from her pussy, and
substituted it with her own. She played with her daughter's sweet little
pussy. The girl's cunt was a swamp of hot cunt juice. Cindy moaned against
Ellen's tit, as Ellen's fingers furiously rubbed over her clit. Ellen stroked
the teenager's cunt, while Cindy sucked her on her tit.

Phil continued sucking Ellen's cunt as she humped her pussy against his face.
She pushed two fingers inside of Cindy's cunt, and finger fucked the girl.
The teenager's pussy juice just kept gushing out onto Ellen's hand.

Phil worked hard on Ellen's clit. She pulled it out for him, pulling at the
hood of her clit with her fingers, in order to get the tiny knob exposed. His
tongue rasped over her clit again and again and she groaned with delight, as
he nibbled at it.

Suddenly her orgasm erupted, making her cum with a shudder and a loud moan.
Both Cindy and Phil teased her about it. Phil fell away to the side with his
mouth wet from her juices. Cindy kissed her mother's mouth, then moved her
face down to her belly.

Yes, Ellen wanted it and pulled her knees back to her tits in invitation, as
the teenager slid her face into her mother's crotch. Ellen groaned as she
opened her thighs to her daughter. She quivered as she felt Cindy's tongue in
her cunt. Cindy sucked and licked Ellen's cunt, slurping up all of the hot
cunt juices, as she nuzzled her clit and cunt hole.

After a while, Phil pushed Ellen onto her side, and joined in. He pressed his
face up against her ass and lapped at her ass hole, while Cindy continued
sucking her cunt. The father and daughter worked her over, as she moaned and
shook with pleasure, before she finally came again.

Phil pushed Cindy out of the away, and then he mounted his wife. He forced her
knees all the way back to her tits, and then drove his cock deep inside of her
gaping cunt hole. She was hot and open now, ripe for hard fucking. He began
pounding her pussy. Cindy giggled as she watched them.

She stroked her father's ass as he fucked her mother. She touched his swinging
balls. Then she moved up to Ellen's head. The teenager straddled Ellen and
settling her pussy down, onto her mother's mouth.

Ellen groaned. She was happy to have the girl's cunt on her mouth. She sucked
at the heavy flow of juices running out of Cindy's cunt. The girl's young
pussy was truly delicious, her thick cunt juice flowing like a river.

Phil continued fucking Ellen, while she sucked Cindy. The teenager mewled and
humped her pussy against her mother's face. Then Phil finally pulled out of
Ellen's cunt, without shooting off. His cock bobbed around like a thick wet
sausage and he was in no rush to get off. He sat back against the headboard
and watched the two women awhile.

Cindy finally climbed off Ellen's face and went to her father. The girl took
his cock in her hand. She fondled his prick and slowly jacking it. She purred
over the size of it, "God it's big Daddy!"

Phil chuckled as he replied, "It's not that big."

"Oooooo, it's beautiful!"

Ellen fingered her own pussy, as she watched her two loved ones. Cindy teased
her father about the hardness of his cock. She said that making it with two
women must be turning him on. She hefted his big balls in her hand, and said,
that she loved his big hairy balls and that she liked thinking about all the
jism that he carried in there.

Phil groaned, as the girl's finger tickled his ass hole, "Easy baby! You'll
make me cum."

"Don't worry Daddy! We'll get you up again. Come on and shoot off, so that I
can see you doing it."

"Not now."

"I loved watching the two of you fuck."

Phil swore at the girl and pushed her hand away from his swollen cock. She
laughed, and fell down on her back. He leaned over her and started suckling on
her young tits. She squealed, as she felt his teeth on her nipples.

Ellen moved to Cindy's belly now and pushed the girl's legs up, shifting
herself forward, to get her face between her daughter's silky thighs. She
began sucking on the girl's steaming cunt, sucking up her flowing pussy
juices.

Then she raised her head to watch Phil work on Cindy's tits. The teenager had
her eyes closed and her chest was heaving, as she moaned in delight. She had
her father sucking her tits and her mother sucking her cunt, and couldn't
imagine anything more exciting than that. At the moment, she felt so much
love for the two of them.

Phil finally stopped sucking Cindy's tits. He looked down at her pussy gash.
Ellen pulled away, and Cindy opened her thighs wide in invitation.

"Fuck me now, Daddy!" she moaned from desire emanating from between her thighs.

Phil grinned and reached down to stroke her pussy. He pulled at her cunt flesh
to get her clit to poke it's head out for him to stroke. He said that her clit
was as big as mother's. Cindy groaned and said that she didn't care, she just
wanted to get fucked, threw her legs back over her head, begging her father to
fuck her. "If you don't fuck me now, I'm going to leave!"

Phil chuckled and said, "We don't want that now, do we?" as he looked at Ellen.

Ellen smiled and replied, "Fuck her darling. I'm dying to see you do it."

Phil moved in, wasting no time. He fisted his cock, pushed his cock head
between her pussy lips, and drove his prick deep inside of her pussy. Her
pussy by then was a hot lake of her cunt juices. He started fucking her with
long, hard strokes. She moaned constantly, holding onto his arms as he pounded
her. She squirmed her ass as she pumped her pussy back up onto his thrusting
cock.

"Oh God! Fuck me Daddy! Fuck me hard!" she pleaded.

Ellen watched them for a while. She was amused with the frenzy of her little
girl. Then she moved behind Phil, watching his ass as he pounded his cock into
Cindy's cunt. She leaned over him and kissed his back. Before long, she had
worked her mouth down to his humping ass. She kissed his ass cheeks, giggling
as they moved around under her face. She lowered her face still farther, all
the way down, until she could see his cock fucking in and out of Cindy's pink
pussy.

Ellen knew what she wanted and started licking Phil's ass crack. She spread
his ass cheeks with her hands, to expose his ass hole, and kissed it. She
rubbed her lips back and forth over his puckered little ass hole. She worked
her tongue over his ass hole.

Phil groaned and said, "That's hot baby . . . that's real hot!" as he looked
over his shoulder at her.

Ellen looked up at him and smiled, "I suppose that means you like it."

"Oh, yeah!"

"And I like doing it too." she purred

She went to work on his ass hole. She nibbled the ass ring with her teeth.
She licked at the hairs that grew around his ass hole, and then sucked at the
hole itself with her mouth. She blew a wad of spit inside his ass and then
sucked it back out again. She just loved doing that now. She loved the way
his ass hole tightened around her tongue, as it went into him. She tongue-
fucked his shitter, as he continued fucking Cindy's hot little cunt. She
adored sucking on Phil's ass.

Ellen finally pulled her mouth away from his ass, in order to suck on his
balls. His balls hung low and swung wildly, as he fucked Cindy. Ellen smiled,
as she bounced his balls on her fingers. She played with his balls, lifting
each ball to suck it inside of her mouth.

Then Phil groaned, as his climax neared. Ellen held his big balls, as he shot
off. She felt his balls jumping in her hand, as he dumped his cum-load inside
their daughter's cunt. When he had finished cuming, he pulled his prick out of
the girl's pussy and fell to the side with a groan.

"Christ, what a fuck!" he exclaimed.

Cindy giggled and immediately crawled over him. She toyed with his limp prick
and balls. Then she closed her lips over his cock-knob and sucked on it with
a happy expression on her face.

Phil grinned at Ellen and exclaimed, "She's a holy terror!"

"You love it and you know it!" Ellen teased.

A grunt came out of Phil, as Cindy reached under his balls to play with his
ass hole. He pulled his knees back to make room for her. Ellen moved behind
Cindy now, and gazed at her daughter's freshly fucked cunt. She watched her
husband's jism stream out of Cindy's cunt hole. The sight of it just turned
her on. She fingered her own pussy, as she feasted her eyes on the teenager's
slimy crotch.

Cindy continued sucking Phil. She was determined to get him up again. She
labored over his cock, pulling and chewing on it with her teeth, as he groaned
with pleasure.

Ellen wanted something else. She could no longer resist Cindy's gaping cunt.
She went down on the girl, and began sucking Phil's jism out of her young
pussy. She loved it.

Then she twisted her head underneath Cindy's belly, and sucked on the girl's
swollen clit, while she finger fucked her own pussy. Finally Cindy fell away,
from her father's cock. He was hard again, his cock was stiff, and ready for
fucking.

Cindy said that she wanted her mother to sit on her father's prick.

Ellen chuckled as she left the girl's pussy to ride her husband's cock. She
straddled Phil and came down on his upright prick. Cindy giggled, as she
watched them going at it. She moved in to get a good look at her father's cock,
as it fucked in and out of her mother's cunt.

Then Cindy moved again, this time toward Phil's head. The teenager straddled
him, seating herself on her father's face. He fondled the girl's ass and began
sucking from her dripping pussy. He licked her cunt and ass hole. He fucked
his tongue inside of her ass, as she squirmed around on his face.

Ellen rode Phil's cock, bouncing up and down on his stiff prick. Then Cindy
leaned down towards Ellen and took a hold of one of her tits. The girl played
with her mother's tits, pulling at her nipples.

Ellen looked down at Cindy's pussy and could see the girl's clit. She smiled
and reached out to touch it, her buried her fingers in Cindy's cunt, as she
continued fucking Phil.

In the meantime, Phil still had his tongue inside of Cindy's ass. Ellen could
tell where it was, by the blissful expression on Cindy's face. Ellen was
happy. They'd have a marvelous life together now.

The next time, she'd get them to tie her up. She knew Phil would like that.
And she would too. She shivered, as she thought about it. Now there were so
many things that they could do together, since all of her inhibitions were
gone.

Maybe someday she would send a card to Vic Benson in prison and thank him.
And the Vernons' too. She wondered if Phil knew where to buy a riding crop.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Donna Allen(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





