BDSM Library - The Test of Time




The Test of Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sub is required to please her Dom in a limited time period with a unique set of circumstances to overcome.
The Test of Time

	She came into the room, naked except for her collar, and knelt down by the
left side of the bed, just as he had instructed her. Hands behind her back this
time, hands clasping alternate wrists. She leaned back onto her heels and
watched him. And waited for the 'exercise' he had promised over the phone would
withstand 'the test of time.'

	He walked behind her and attached the cuffs; she winced slightly as she
heard the 'click.' She thought back on the words he had spoken the first time he
had placed them on her, months before.  "So final," he had said, "your
helplessness, so complete."

	He walked back around, smiled a soft smile and looked her straight in the
eyes. "Watch me," he said gently. "I want you to watch while you can." He
proceeded to take several toys out of his bag and lay them out, each beside the
other, along the opposite side of the bed. First the crop, then a flogger which
he smoothed lovingly, then a paddle and finally a small whip. He looked them
over thoughtfully, as if deciding if they should be repositioned. Then he looked
her in the eye again as his hands went down to his waist of his jeans. He took
off his belt, the one with the wide metal buckle, and laid it on the end. He
smiled a bit more as he saw her wince, and said in a low tone, "Don't fret,
love. You're going to thank me for that in a minute."

	He walked over to the table, picked up a round metal object and then came
back and sat down on the bed, positioning himself  between her and the toys. He
put one finger under her chin and lifted her head, until their eyes met again.
His expression was more serious now.

	"See this stopwatch?" he asked. "I'm going to start it in a minute or so.
When I do, it's your job to bring me to orgasm as quickly as possible. You have
five minutes. For every minute it takes you past the five, you will receive one
strike from any of these toys, or perhaps even from ones I haven't laid out yet.
I may use a variety...or I just might use my bare hands...and I will use them
wherever on your pretty body I choose. I may give you the punishment all at
once, or spread it out over the weekend--I haven't decided. The only thing that
you can be sure of is that you'll receive every strike, in full, before you
leave."

	She looked at him and calculated the task before her. The snap of his tight
jeans that she'd have to open with her teeth, and a zipper she'd have to pull
down, unaided. Shoelaces to be untied and then sneakers to be pulled off--maybe
she could turn herself around and pull them off with her hands, she thought.
Jeans to pull down over  hips and then completely off, again with her lips. Then
off with the underpants before she could claim her prize--8 glorious inches to
suck slowly, as he enjoyed.  He never came in under ten minutes, he never
allowed himself to. She doubted he was about to change now. Not when his
languishing would bring him so much pleasure later.

	After about a minute of silence, he asked her if she completely understood
and she nodded vigorously. "Good," he said, as he began to start the timer, but
then suddenly stopped himself. "Oops...almost forgot!" He stood up and reached
into his back pocket and pulled out the thick black scarf he used as a
blindfold. "We'll need this," he said, as he tied it tightly around her eyes,
blocking out all sight. "Okay, now!"

	And in her darkness, she heard the "click" of the watch and then the sound
of his laughter.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  subtle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





