BDSM Library - Deena's Helpful Tail




Deena's Helpful Tail
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She just wanted to help her friend to pay off the debt. But she didn't expect to become a plaything of the men and dogs.
Deena's Helpful Tail

	"I just don't know what to do, Deena."  A tear trickled down her roommates
cheek.  "Jon was so good to me.  I had no idea he was gambling.  And that
man..."  She trickled off into silence as another tear trailed down her face. 
"These are not the kind of people that you just blow off... I just don't have
$10,000.  With the funeral and all, well...  I'm broke, that why we live with
you."  She choked on the last words.	
	Jon had died in an auto accident four months earlier.  Three weeks after the
funeral Cindy had moved in with Deena, her best friend since high school.  The
money Cindy made at her new job was not enough for rent, daycare, and expenses. 
She and the baby needed help, emotional and financial help.   Deena was glad to
be there for her friend.
	The phone calls had started about a month ago.  But not until Cindy had
broken down in tears did she confide her problem with Deena...
	"There is an attorney that will buy up the markers at twenty-five cents on
the dollar, but I'd have to quit work just to pay that off.  He has a kennel
north of Redman that he says I can work at to pay him off... but six weeks...
I'd be laid off... Then what will I do?  And what about the baby?  He chilled
when I ask him that.  Said he didn't know about a baby, made things to
complicated.  So I guess I'll have to deal with their collection agent... He
said I could work it off too... night work... but I'm not gonna prostitute
myself for them."  Silence filled the air.  "He said they had connections at
family services if I didn't settle up accounts.  I just don't know what to
do..."
	Deena sat listening to Cindy's dilemma,  "Do you really think they'd try and
take the baby?"  Deena quarried. 
	"Yeah, sure.  They've been very clear about getting their money one way or
the other."
	"I've got some money, but not much more than $3000."  Deena paused, "and I'm
not gonna work nights for them either."  She brightened up, "But I could take my
two weeks of vacation and a short leave to work at the kennels."  Deena's offer
was heart felt.
	"I couldn't."
	"Well, what other options come to mind."  Deena posed a good question.  "Do
you have the number for the attorney?" 
	"Sure, but I really can't let you..." 
	"Get the number.  You know it's the only way.  Besides, I love animals and
how tough could the work be... cleaning some dog poop... I can do that."  Deena
insisted, pleased with her abilities to help her friend out of this problem.
	The attorney's secretary picked up on the second ring.
	"Hello, is Mr. Carlton in?"
	"Hello, Mr. Carlton, my name is Deena.  I am a friend of Cindy's.  I will
take the offer if you can guarantee that she will be rid of the debts." 
	"Yes, I understand it will be approximately six weeks.  I can get a leave
from my work.  And you can have that in writing before I go....  Yes, next month
will be fine."  Deena hung up the phone.


	Spring is beautiful in northern California.  The rolling grassy hills are
deep plush green dotted with brilliant wild flowers.  The air is fresh and clean
with just a hint of sea spray to remind one of the ocean so near.  The
California sky is deep blue with wisps of fluffy white clouds streaking the sky
as though thoughtfully placed by some great artist.  Deena breathed deeply as
she cruised along the asphalt.  Her favorite CD keeping her company.
	Deena's boss had processed the request before the end of the week.  Deena
cruised happily along humming a tune with the CD.  She had a special love for
animals, pets, dogs.  She had grown up with a delightful golden lab at her feet. 
She smiled at the memories.  By mid-day Deena arrived at the gate to the Ranch. 
It was heavy iron work, elaborate and expensive.  She would enjoy this....
	 She pressed the call button.  A small red light came on.  "May I help you?" 
A middle aged woman's voice responded.
	"Yes, I am Deena.  I believe I am expected... to work for several weeks...
in the kennels..."  Deena felt like she had to milk the woman for permission to
pass thru the gate.  A buzzer sounded.  The grate creaked, squeaked, groaned and
began to slide open.
	"Take the second road on the left and follow it to a small house.  You will
meet the Caretaker there.  He will store your car and help orient you to the
grounds."
	 Deena drove thru the gate.  Large pine trees encroached upon the asphalt. 
She drove for several miles before finding the second left.  A sign marked the
road, straight for guests, and left for the kennels.  Deena swung the car along
the left road.  Another mile and a small cottage came into view.  There were
several rows of out door kennels and runs adjacent though not close to the
cottage.  She parked in front of the cottage.  Deena knocked cheerfully upon the
old wooden door.  A man in his early forties answered.  He looked her up and
down closely without speaking a word.
	"Hello, I'm Deena.  I'm here to help you for the next several weeks."  She
thrust out her hand in welcome.
	"Good.  I've been expecting a new assistant, to train the dogs, for several
weeks now."  He smiled wryly at Deena, shook her hand and walk thru the yard. 
"Park your car in the garage at the end of the row.  I'll lock the overhead so
your things will be safe there until you leave."  He strode around to the back
of the cottage.  You'll sleep in there."  He thrust a brown hand at a doorway.
	"Okay.  I'll get my things put away."  Deena almost skipped to her car.  He
stood watching her form before disappearing into the kennel yard.
	The car stowed nicely in the garage.  Deena had only one suit case and her
overnight bag to carry to her room.  The room was nearly barren.  There was a
single bed and dresser.  Their was no bathroom or shower facilities visible...
they must be in another area of the cottage.  Their was a two foot square pass
thru door in the wall near the floor line. 
	Deena looked thru the passage way.  It led to a kennel cage.  She stepped
out of the doorway into the yard and around the corner of the cottage.  The
kennel cage was about the size of a double bed.  At the far end was another cage
door that connected it to an enclosed walk way directly from the kennel
building.  The walk way was only about three feet tall.  Curious...
	Deena strode to the kennel building looking for the Caretaker.
	"I'm ready for work."  She pronounced as she found him scrubbing down a
large dog.
	"We have guests at the main house tonight.  We have these two dogs to
prepare for the show.  Grab a sponge..."  The man seemed pleasant enough, if
short on formalities.  Deena grabbed up a sponge and began to scrub the other
side of the dog.  It was a large breed, just short of her waist, very pretty and
strong.  It shivered as they flushed warm water over its back.
	"Lead him into the other room there."  He pointed.  "Dry him off and curry
brush him till he's soft.  I'll start the other one."  Deena clipped a lead on
the dog's collar.  He followed properly obedient.  As she began to towel him off
the dog nuzzled into Deena's sex.  She pushed him away.  Her dog had done that
sort of thing too.  She found a hair blower and brush.  She worked carefully on
her charge, but the dog seemed almost pre-occupied with her sex.  It began to...
well, feel good.  It had been a while since someone had shown much interest in
her.  She mused pushing the dog away again.  The Caretaker entered with the
other wet dog.  Her dog nuzzled her again.  She blushed pushing him away.
	"They'll do that."  He said.  "He looks good.  Now, do this one."  He held
the leash out to Deena.  She finished the second dog quickly.  With that done he
gave her a complete tour.  It was nearly dusk.
	"Dinner will be at the cottage for the time being.  I'll be back after I
take these two to the main house."
	"Is it far?"
	"About five miles more or less."
	"I'll need to call my roommate and let her know I got here safely.
	"There's no phones out here.  The kennels have the only electricity.  There
are candles in the main cottage...  I'll call your roommate for you."  Deena
told the Caretaker her phone number.  He jotted it down and read it back. 
"Good.  I'll be back in a few hours with dinner.  Feel free to wander about,
there's really no place to go.  Don't let any of the dogs out."  He closed the
truck door and drove away.
	The first week fell into a simple enough routing of caring for some thirty
or so large dogs, well bred and meticulously groomed.  The Caretaker was a nice
man, gentle with the dogs.  Deena seemed to easily win over each of her charges. 
There was a party at the mansion every other day or so.  Sometimes none of the
dogs returned, other times one or the other did not...
	"When can I help with what goes on at the main house?"  Deena asked partly
out of curiosity and partly out of a genuine desire to be helpful.
	"Let me make a call."  He popped out a cell phone and dialed, speaking to
someone just out of ear shot.  "How about tonight?"
	"Sure!"  Deena smiled brightly returning her attentions to the work at hand. 
The Caretaker returned with a fresh picture of lemonade.
	"Thirsty?"  He poured her a fresh glass.  Deena thanked him drinking most of
it right down.  They worked together mostly in silence.  He wasn't given to much
conversation.   Deena had quickly grown accustomed to the silent work.
	"I seem to be really sleepy.  Mind if I get a quick nap before tonight?"
	"Don't over sleep.  I don't want to leave without you."  Deena smiled and
strode to her room.  Sleep swept over her immediately.

	Deena felt groggy.  A fog seemed to be upon her mind.  She struggled thru
the cloudiness to some portion of consciousness.  She felt naked.  It was dark. 
Her chest, no her tummy... she was laying upon her abdomen.  She lifted her
head.  It felt like huge weight upon her shoulders.  She lay it back upon the
cushion.   Consciousness slipped away... then returned.  Yes, a little better
now.
	She moved her right arm.  Something pulled upon her left ankle.  She shook
her ankle.  Her arm pulled.  Deena fought thru the fog with more determination
and focus.  Her arms were bound to her opposing ankles.  A fire burned in her
nipples.  She tried to sit more upright.  The fire brightened as something
tugged hard upon her tender nipples.  She relaxed her struggles fighting for
greater consciousness in the darkness. 
	Her feet stood upon a cold surface.  She felt doubled over, bent at the
waist and about some sort of cushion like she lay across or over the arm of a
sofa.  There was no slack in the bindings tethering her arms to her ankles.  She
could not move one without the other.  Her chest felt tight like her breasts
were being stretched downward.  Her tender nipples burned, ached, and caught
afire if tugged.  She lay motionless in the dark.
	A sound, something...  Curtains opened.  She was on a platform of some sort,
draped over a padded bench.  It was cool.   The draft felt... Deena was naked. 
The room was dark except for a spot light that shown directly upon her.  She
became more aware of her situation.
	Rings!!  Large metal rings passed thru her nipples, looping over two small
hooks at the lower part of the bench fastening her chest securely downward. 
Deena's nipples, her pierced nipples secured her position.  She could not escape
and the fire burning thru her tender nipples precluded any struggle.
	One of the dogs she had been grooming earlier stepped upon the wooden
flooring.  It's paws clicked as he stepped towards Deena.  The reality of her
current predicament over powered her hearing as the dog approached her from
behind.  It was his cold nose upon her bottom that jerked her back to reality.
	"No, Bruno!"  She scolded.  He paused before nuzzling her again.  "No!"  His
tongue flickered across her sex, a shudder screamed through her body.  "No! 
Bruno."  She yelled again.  He nuzzled her sex licking it again.  Another
shudder ran like lightning through her loins.  He tongue slid across her again
and again.  She shuddered.  "No, please no, Bruno."  She begged as he tongue now
slipping between the folds of her inflating labia.  Deena's own sex betraying
her.  Bruno's tongue felt good, too good.  She begged Bruno again and again. 
Within a minute or so Deena stopped pleading.  An intense orgasm racing through
her body.
	 "Damn!"  She shrilled as her body shook.  "Oh, no.  This can't be
happening.  Please, Bruno, NO!  Go away."  Bruno raised his paws to her back. 
Deena struggled again.  There was nothing.  Her limbs still unresponsive. 
	The fur on Bruno's thighs brush against Deena's bottom.  His cock seemed
almost hot... and wet as it pelted her vulva.  A tear streaked Deena's cheek. 
After several more thrusts Bruno's cock found the opening in the folds of
Deena's pussy.  Parting her sex his cock slipped into her warm wet twat,
penetrating her only a little at first, then deeper and deeper.  It was big, as
big as a man's, but much warmer.  Deena felt filled almost immediately,
embarrassed at the pleasure in her body and mind... and the reality of Bruno, a
dog pummeling her sex.  Deena felt something large, very large, and unusually
warm  pressing upon her bottom as she came for a  second time.   Her body
betrayed her again as another wave of orgasm raced thru her center.  She had
never felt so full inside.  It was pressing hard upon her sex, it pained her as
it slipped inside her wanton pussy.  She felt aflame with passions and wanton
lustful desires.  Bruno pummeled on.  Deena came again.  She could feel Bruno
begin releasing his cum inside her.  He pumped on and on.  She seemed warm about
her upper thighs as a tiny bit of cum seeped out of her sex.  Bruno's knot
sealed her pussy quite well.  He continue spouting cum inside Deena.  The knot
almost burned her vulva as she came again.  Bruno stepped over her placing his
bottom to hers.  Deena gasped for air, her own body weight and passions
restricting the volume of air her lungs could acquire.  He tugged at her. 
Deena's nipples flamed holding her securely to the bench.  She forced more
support from her weak kneed legs.  Deena remained tied to Bruno.  The tie lasted
for nearly ten minutes.  Deena came again before Bruno released his knot from
her.  Cum slithered down her inner thighs.  Bruno began licking it off Deena's
sex.  She came again and again as Bruno's tongue slithered about her sex. 
	Someone she did not know spoke, a man.  Bruno padded off towards the sounds.
Then a woman's voice.  Deena's mind began to work, but only just barely.  She
struggled but could not move.  They spoke in hushed tones from the darkness.
	Someone, a man she did not know, tugged the nipple rings loose of the bench. 
Deena's tears dripped upon the floor in front of her.
	"Let me go damn you!"  She cried out.  "Stop this!  I'm..."  Crack!!!  Fire
shot thru Deena's rump.  Crack!!  As the whip stung her bottom...  Deena cried
out and slumped forward sobbing.
	"Shut up."  The voice in the dark spoke flatly.  Two men lifted her shoulder
sliding the bench from beneath her chest.  Leaving her wrists still bound the
her ankles... Deena could not stand upright.  She attain her feet only to be
knocked down by the second dog.  He was more aggressive as he 'took' Deena.  She
struggled, groaned, before settling into another series of long intense orgasms. 
Deena slipped into unconsciousness before Jake's knot had slipped from her.
	She awoke, morning peeking over the hills in the back ground, naked, asleep
in the kennel cage next to her room.  Her pussy ached.  Her chest seemed a fire. 
Her breasts  hurt to the touch.  Pierced!!  Her nipples had been pierced.  It
was not a dream... a nightmare, yes.   Deena felt her breasts... two large metal
rings passing thru her nipples.  A note lay beside her...

	This is your new quarters.  As you can see we sell dogs to wealthy women for
sexual pleasure.  We will use your pussy to train our dogs until your time here
is complete.  Food and water will be rewarded as you cooperate in the training
of our dogs.

	Tears stained Deena face as she read and re-read the note... and remembered
the events of the night before.


* * *

"Morning.  Did you enjoy helping last night?"  The Caretaker gloated at the
picture before him.  Deena looked up from her cage, tears still stinging her eyes.
	"Why?"  Was all she could muster.
	"You agreed to come work here.  Didn't you?"
	"Yes.  But I did not agree to this..."  Deena pointed to the note laying
upon the ground.
	"Didn't ask either, so you didn't disagree."  Her stood over her thrusting
his hands into his pockets.  Modesty seemed... not misplaced but useless.  Deena
lay naked at the corner of the cage.
	"Do I have a choice?"
	"No.  The time will pass soon enough."  He paused.  "Up to a training
session?"
	"NO!"  Deena almost shrilled.
	"Suit yourself.  Ring the buzzer at the corner there," he pointed, "when you
change your mind.  Oh, breakfast will be after your first training session..." 
He turned to leave.
	Deena's stomach growled at the mention of breakfast.  She remembered the
note.  Her stomach turned inside her.  No... the Caretaker disappeared into the
kennels.
	The sun rose high in the warm spring air.  Deena was thirsty as well as
hungry.  She looked at the buzzer.  No...  She waited.  The day's sun passed to
mid-day...  Thirst got her first.  Deena pressed the buzzer.  She waited,
nothing.  She pressed it again and again... and again.
	"Yes?"  A voice came from a speaker above the cage.
	"I'm thirsty... and hungry..."  Deena trailed into silence.  Her voice
resigning her to her duties for the remaining four weeks or so...
	"Are you ready to begin training?"
	"No."  She paused, "Do I have a choice?"
	"Not really.  You will give in eventually."
	"I realize that!"  Deena welled up in anger.  "So what do you want of me?"
	"Proceed down the tunnel to the kennel.  We have been working with a dog for
some weeks now.  We need to test his training."
	"And what do I do?"  Nothing.  No one spoke.  "Hey!  What do you want me to
do when I get there?"  Nothing. Silence...
	Deena crawled thru the small runway joining her cage with the kennel.  At
the doorway she entered a larger caged area.  She could stand.  It was a relief
to her muscles.  She stood, stretched and looked about her cage.  Several doggie
doors appeared to be in each wall.  She arched her back.  It ached from being
bent over.  Deena felt about her tender nipples.  A tear streaked her cheek as
she examined the steel loops at each breast.  A sound...
	Deena turned about quickly.  A large dog, a very large dog appeared thru one
of the doorways.  He padded about examining his new domain.  She felt fear...
knowing what was expected.  She kept her back to the wall watching him.  He
approached her.  Sniffing at her feet, then at her sex.  Deena turned his head
away gently.  He fought her but turned away.  Another doorway opened.  The
Caretaker hand a plate with a sandwich and a glass of water thru to Deena.  She
grasped the water drinking it down quickly. 
	"Another, please."  She handed the glass back. 
	The dog approached her again.  He seemed interested in her sandwich.  Deena
pushed him back.  He seemed a bit more forceful not with to be deterred.  His
large head press upon her side.  She moved about.  He followed.  He pushed her
again.  This time jostling her balance.  Deena tore off a piece of the sandwich. 
He gulped it down pressing award with her.  He seemed more interested in 'her'. 
His muzzle pressing upon her bottom as her bumped her about the room.  She
continued to discourage he companion brushing him away, scolding and
discouraging.  He persisted.  Finally Deena staggered at a particularly
aggressive bumping, losing her balance and falling forward.  He was on her with
surprising quickness.  She struggled crawling forward, trying to regain her
feet.  He growled nipping at the back of her neck.  Fear swept thru Deena.  She
struggle to get away.  His weight was too much for her.  She felt pinned to her
knees.  He mounted her.  Deena struggled again.  He growled clutching her softly
but very firmly at the back of the neck.  He mounted her.  His massive cock find
its mark almost immediately.  At every struggle the grip tightened upon the back
of her neck.  Finally, Deena gave in being very firmly 'taken' by her mate.  His
knot nearly spit her as he forced it into her.  Deena began to cum.  It was so
difficult to resist.  It felt so good inside her... and she hated the passions
that betrayed her, so fully pleased her body.
	It seemed forever before the knot slipped from her body.  Deena struggled
upright.  The dog turned knocking her down again.  He cleaned her sex.  She came
again and again.  She felt slutty... good, too good, shame filling her as her
passions soared again and again.  Finally the Caretaker called him off.  Deena
stood...
	"Satisfied?!"  She demanded.  "Enjoy the show, you fucking pervert!"  She
ragged, tears stinging her eyes again.
	"Yes, actually I did.  That dog has been trained to 'take' a woman.  Our
client has a surprise in store for colleague, a kind of payback for an affair
with his wife, if you get my meaning.  We had to see if he would actually 'take'
you."
	"Well, he did.  And there was no deterring him either."  Deena reached for
the glass of water he passed thru the doorway.
	"There will is a plate, dinner, and water waiting at your kennel when you
return."  Deena starred blankly as the doorway closed leaving her alone in the
middle of her training room.  Nothing, not a sound.  She stood weeping before
kneeling to return to her kennel.


	
	Deena crawled thru the small passageway.  Her own kennel, at the other side
of the yard was next to what, just yesterday had been her room.  Her kennel was
a bit larger than most of the other dog kennels.  Deena could not stand upright,
stooping was, well, all she could manage and that would wear on her back soon
enough... she was obliged to crawl about on all fours most of the time.
	THERE was her dinner, a people dinner... salad, chicken, etc. sitting in her
very own doggie bowl... with her name on it... and a shinny stainless steel
watering bowl next to it.  Deena was furious!  She cursed her captors vilely
before curling up into the corner of her kennel, sobbing.  After what seemed
like hours Deena began to eat her dinner.  The very effort angered her, but then
the whole of the current situation was infuriating, degrading, and... she was
still hungry.  Then came natures call...  Deena crawled about fussing.  Then she
pressed the buzzer.
	"Yes."
	"I.... I have to use the toilet."  Deena choked at having to confess to
someone of her bodily functions.
	Another buzzer sounded from behind her.  "Use the porta facility for the
time being."  A door opened at the far end of her kennel, the one leading to her
old room.  Her heart leaped skipping several beats.  Could it be... could she be
so lucky...  She crawled thru the passage way into a wooden box fastened to the
wall of her old room.  With a bit of difficulty she could position herself upon
the porta-potty.  Hope faded as relief came to her bowels.  She could not stay
here... it was back to the kennel.  Deena's heart sank with despair as she
curled up in her corner to sleep.
	The morning sun warmed Deena's skin.  A cold nose jolted her into wakening
reality.  The brute from last night had found his way into her kennel.  Deena
struggled upon all fours to fend him off, to escape, to discourage him.  NOT.
The dog becoming frustrated with her efforts became more aggressive showing his
teeth and growling.  Deena, frightened, submitted.  He mounted her almost
immediately pausing only to sniff about her sex.  Deena's heart revolted, but
her body soon found complicity, pleasure, and passion fulfilled as this dog's
cock filled her pussy.  Deena forgot to weep as waves of orgasm swept thru her
womb.  Damn he felt good!!  Too good!!  Deena chastised herself for her own
pleasures, resisting, fighting not to submit... the dog pummeled on.  She came
again as his hot knot burnt into her sex...  As the knot slipped from her Deena
rolled onto her back in exhaustion.  The dog nuzzled her legs apart and cleaner
her to another sweeping orgasm.  Deena lay exhausted as the dog strolled down
the tunnel from her own kennel.
	"Good.  Brutus has performed better than I expected."  The speaker blared. 
Deena gasped.  She had forgotten about onlookers.  Modesty, decence,
propriety...  Deena covered her sex, her chest, she got up, stooping as the cage
demanded... she cursed and fell to the ground, curling about in her corner.
	"Damn you"....  Deena sobbed.
	The morning passed, dull and boring.  As the sun hit noon day the buzzer
sounded again.
	"Please, go to the training room."  Deena complied.  Resisting was
pointless.  She crawled along the passageway.  Arriving at the training room
Deena stood.  At least she could stand!!!! and stretch!!  It felt so good, but
then she knew the price.  Soon Brutus arrived... to submit of give in?  Deena
was tired of getting fucked, but then she knew too that Brutus was going to have
his way with her.  She pranced, postured a bit, and knelt down submitting her
sex to Brutus... and she did enjoy the sex, tho that too was embarrassing to
her. 
	After Brutus was finished the door to the training room opened.  A man, a
man Deena did not know entered.  Deena struggled with her sense of modesty...
embarrassed at her nudity, and her swollen wanton sex.  Brutus strode between
the two people.  He firmly placed himself between his 'woman', his 'bitch', and
this other male.  He growled staking claim.  The man exited.
	"Excellent.  We treated the man with a male pharemone.  Brutus fended off
the suitor.  He is ready to deliver.  I'll just bet our clients colleague will
be surprised.  What do you think?"
	 Deena finally saw the picture.  Brutus was to 'take' the wife, claim her as
his bitch, and separate the husband from her sexually.  Well, it certainly might
work...
	"Yeah.  I think it might just work."  Deena quipped.  "It might just
work..."  It was truly as devious a pay back as she had ever heard or
considered.  She chuckled aloud...
	"Good.  Thank you for your help.  We will begin training several younger
dogs tomorrow.  You up to it?"  Deena choked at the thought, but then this is
she where she is at the moment. 
	"No, but I guess I don't have too much of a choice."  She trailed off into
silence.
	"I'm glad you see that.  Your room is available so long as you continue to
see your part in the training program."

* * * *

	Deena crawled the length of the run to her own kennel.  The door to her room
was indeed open.  She stepped inside.  The door was locked, of course.  She
could not escape.  Her clothes were gone, the bed was still there and her books,
something to do at least.  Deena collapsed upon the bed falling into a exhausted
sleep.
	Her humanity denied.  Deena remained a training tool at the kennel.  They
were not going to let her be anything else.  Refuse and they simply forced the
issue.  So what was left to her?  Exactly.  Be the trainer, and well, enjoy the
benefits of great sex, bide her time, the time she had agreed to pay, the
payment for her best friend's safety.
	
	"Good Morning, Deena.  Meet your new charges.  They are two young labs, full
of energy.  It is your responsibility to teach them of your sex.  You, your sex
particularly,  must become theirs over the next several weeks.  A wealthy client
wants them to become active enough to possess a younger wife while he is away on
business. "
	The two labs had reached their growth though obviously not fully matured. 
Deena found their fur soft and them delightful.  She petted one and scratched
his ears.
	"They will live with you for the next several weeks.  You will become their
Mistress, their bitch.  Reject or deny them and, well, it won't go so well for
you."  Deena did not need to be reminded.  And her own exposure would not allow
for much diversion of the two labs.
	"Well, boys..."  She sat on the edge of the bed scratching eager ears. 
Deena revolted at the thoughts of what she must do... her pussy flushed warm. 
One of the dogs scented her emotion and strained to explore her sex.  Deena
pushed him back instinctively.
	"Not yet anyway..."  She would have another moment of dignity at least. 
"I'm hungry." With that Deena crawled thru her doggie door and into her own
kennel.  Her water bowl was full.  Deena lifted it, to preserve its
cleanliness... The doggie door had latched shut behind her.  Try as she might it
would not budge. 
	"Damn it!!"  She exclaimed aloud.  She set the bowl upon the ground. Sitting
in the corner struggling with her anger the speaker crackled.
	"Yes.  You will be confined to the kennels thru the daylight.  You may groom
and bath at the compounds training room.  You will be fed and watered with your
charges.  Any questions?"  Deena sat fuming.  Questions??  Why bother!  A tear
stained her cheek.  A quiet sob shook thru her bosom.  She was a human being,
not a dog...  She sat in silence.
	The curious pup crowed into her sex sniffing about.  What the hell...  Deena
let her legs part slightly.  His nose was cold and damp.  She shuddered.  His
tongue flickered across her labia.  Deena relaxed her poster a bit further
accommodating his advances.  She stroked his head as he explored her sex.  She
was becoming aroused.  It angered Deena that her body responded to this thing.
	"Alright.  If we're gonna do this lets get it right."  Deena began working
with her eager partner.  Almost immediately a wave of forbidden pleasure swept
thru her loins, deep inside passions were on fire and building rapidly.  Deena
moved to her hands and knees, the pup seemed eager as he mounted her from
behind.  Deena calmed the dog as best she could inside her kennel.  The other
pup was prancing about, nipping at her and at the dog mounting her.  Deena lost
focus for only a moment, then she felt his large hot cock penetrate her sex. The
air rushed out of Deena's lungs as intense pleasures exploded inside.  Her mind,
her body, her whole being focused upon the sensations within her sex.  Pleasures
ran wildly thru her.  Caught for the moment off guard no inhibitions dampened
her passions.  The center of her sex caught fire and swept her into another
place.  An orgasm raced from her loins expanding into her tummy... her
breasts... her legs... her mind... her toes curled tightly as his knot slipped
into her tying them with her passions unbridled.  Deena felt overcome as the pup
began filling her womb with hot jism.  Her arms collapsed.  Her breath faltered. 
Another orgasm raced thru her being...
	Deena unable, and unwilling, to fend off the second lab found herself
mounted almost immediately upon the release of the first.  She braced herself
emotionally, physically.  Her sex on fire, her mind beyond control, her passions
unbridled...
	"Oh, yes... FUCK ME!!!  Fuck my pussy..."  She trailed off into that other
placed.  In the end collapsing in spent exhaustion. 
	The next few days passed quickly for Deena.  The sexual appetite of the male
dog is impressive... times two...  Deena was spent, and sore from use.  When
given pause to consider Deena still felt revolted at dining with the dogs,
drinking from the same bowl... and being their bitch.  After the first week the
two pups seemed comfortable approaching Deena's sex.  By the end of the second
week they owned her... took her as often as they liked, and they liked it very
often.  Deena began sleeping with her trainees.  The training of Deena and the
lab pups had gone along very well.

	"There is a party at the main house tonight.  You will be escorted before
sunset.  There you will be clean up, groomed, and presented for the evening." 
The speaker fell silent.  Deena did not care much for the news that came from
the speaker, and this did not feel much different.
	A truck arrived just as the sun was setting.  Deena crawled thru the kennel
door and into another kennel cage.  This was winched on the flat bed.  Deena was
take to the main house without a word.
	"Take her to the showers.  And see that she is properly prepared for the
party tonight."  A man she did not know spoke to the Caretaker.
	The Caretaker held a hand out to Deena.  She felt obliged taking his hand as
she exited her kennel cage.  It felt good to straighten stiff legs.  Several
weeks ago her very nudity in front of these people would have been of tremendous
embarrassment to Deena.  Now she strode quietly beside the Caretaker following
his lead to the showers.
	They were real showers!!  Deena stood forever letting the warm water fall
upon her body.  It felt so very good to be clean, to be a human being again. 
There was shampoo and conditioners.  Deena fussed, lathered, cleaned, and
re-cleaned.  Leaving the shower she found mirrors and blow driers and make up. 
She had received specific instructions about body hair.  Deena shaved every
follicle smooth from her toes to her chin.   Deena's spirit soared as she
groomed herself.  Deena stroked her soft hair until it glistened in the
lights... and there were lotions to soften delicate skin.  Deena lavished
herself with time and care.  Finally she stood, a beautiful woman.  Her hair and
fair skin glistening in the light.  Her eyes, highlighted and accented, shone
like deep pools of rich chocolate.  Deena's delicate cheeks highlighted with a
rosy glow,  her lips full of color .  Deena left the dressing room.
	The Caretaker was waiting for her.  He fastened a shiny diamond studded dog
collar about her neck securing it with a tiny lock.  He attached a shimmering
white gold lead to the tiny loop on the collar.
	"Here.  Change your nipple rings for these... and install this."  He handed
her two shiny golden diamond studded nipple rings... and a shiny tail attached
to a large butt plug.  Deena starred with surprise and disbelief at her tail.
	"You're kidding, right?"  Deena knew the answer but felt compelled to ask
the rhetorical.  He simply shook his head.
	Her collar sparkled in the lights.  Her breasts firm and round proudly
displayed her glittering diamond studs.  Deena slithered a bit of lotion about
the butt plug before struggling to insert it into her bottom.  It was awkward,
butt in the end...  After several steps it seemed to slip more comfortably into
her rectum.  The bulb was sufficiently large and the neck narrow enough that it
would not slip from her.  She felt a need the shit.  Butt that was the effect of
the plug... oh well.
	The Caretaker took her lead in hand escorting her into a large dinning hall. 
There in the center of the room was a small stage covered in pillows with two
large doggie bowls.  Deena dared not believe other wise as she was soon tethered
to an eye bolt a the center of the stage.  Deena fluffed the pillows and
comforted herself as best she could. 
	Within minutes the guests began to arrive.  It was a full house... and Deena
was the center of attentions and conversation.  Her dinner arrived with the rest
of the guests, just in her bowls.  Deena struggled with her own humanity and
embarrassment as she began to eat her dinner.  It was an excellent dinner.  One
for which under different circumstances she would have been delighted to pay a
days wages.  She ate in silence...
	There was a buzz of conversation about the room.  Tho mostly in whispers
Deena could over hear bits a pieces of their comments.  Some appraised her
beauty.  For these Deena was grateful.  It was nice to be appreciated.  There
were those that observed her form, her body, her nudity before them... and her
situation.  Of these Deena felt self-conscious, embarrassed by her very presence
in the room.  They angered her.  A few comments were directed at her obedience,
her lack of humanity and the dignity with which she seemed to bare the
situation.  Deena could at least respect these.  Though she was given to a
dreadful feeling of self-consciousness and over all embarrassment about the
whole of the evening.
	It was not her choice, nor even in her imagination prior to several weeks
ago, to ever find herself sitting at center stage of a dinner party... much less
in this current scenario.  Deena picked about at her dinner bowl.  She felt
thirsty... the bowl was fastened to the stage.  Deena thought to forgo a drink
but before the dinner was complete thirst won out.  Deena was forced to lap her
water like the bitch they had forced her to become.  Applause met her ears. 
Deena blushed in silence nearly choking upon her drink.
	"Ladies and gentlemen..."  The Host called for silence.  "If you would
adjourn to the theater."  People began to file out of the room.  A buzz began to
build in the conversations.  It concerned Deena.  The Caretaker came to reclaim
her lead.  Deena followed thru another door adjacent to the exit of the guests.
	Deena was led to a padded bench.  This bench Deena remembered from her
earlier encounter.  The Caretaker fastened her ankles to the bench in front of
her.  Then bending her over he slipped her nipple rings over two small hooks
effectively attaching her breasts to the opposite side of the bench.  Her wrists
he bound beneath the bench and to her ankles doubling her about the bench.  Her
new tail he lifted upon her back fastening it to her collar.  Finally a large
bit gag was secured to Deena mouth.  She felt frightened, bound and immobile...
exposed.  The curtain drew...  Deena was center stage of the theater... with an
audience.
	The audience applauded.  Deena blushed with embarrassment her sex, her
dignity, her body fully exposed to whomever.  The first of what would be several
dogs trotted onto the stage... and mounted Deena.  Her body, though not her
emotions reacted predictably.  A tear trickled along Deena's cheek falling
silently to the ground in front of her.  Doggie cum stained her bottom as the
first slipped from her sex.  He lapped at her, cleaning most of his cum from
her.  Deena came again with the attention to her sex.  A small pool of tears
began to form below Deena.  The second, larger dog was led on to the stage.  The
pool grew...  At the conclusion of the evenings entertainment Deena heard
footfalls at her back.
	"Yes.  She is particularly beautiful... and so submissive.  What would you
take for her?"
	"Not for sale as such.  But I'll tell you what, name the day and for $1500
I'll deliver her to your cottage for your party... and for another $1000 you can
keep her for the weekend."
	"Done."  The footfalls ebbed as Deena numbed with stunning horror realized
that she, her services, had just been sold, like a commodity for a price."  The
energies wept slowly from her as the Caretaker undid her bindings.  He did not
notice the small pool of Deena's tear beneath his boot.
	Three more weeks... what more could there be.  Deena sat in silence at the
ride back to her kennel.

	Loneliness began to set in before mid-morning.  Her pets, the two dogs she
had been training were gone.  No one came to her kennel.  Nothing to do.  Alone
with her emotions, her reflections upon the past weeks, who she was and what the
future, her future, not just this day or week but the many tomorrow's might
hold...
	What about a husband?  How could she, how would she tell him about her weeks
at the kennels?  About her developing lusts, the pleasures of the knot... How
could he understand? Or would he care too...  And children?  She had dreamed of
kids one day.  Could they ever understand or respect a mother from the kennels? 
	Then more immediately, her humanity... taken from her here, she had become a
training bitch, little more than a bitch-dog breeding and training dogs with her
own sex for her Master's entertainment and pleasure.  She did not feel like a
person.  Her humanity assaulted at every level, feeding from bowls, fucking with
dogs, living in a kennel...  The very center of her feminine identity challenge,
being turn and used against her... and she didn't seem to care... though deep
inside the flame smoldered deep beneath the blanket of this reality. 
	Deena curled up in the corner of her kennel staring blankly into space.

	It was the Master of the House that jolted Deena from her deep emotional
trance.  "Please remove the diamond studs and replace them with your nipple
rings.  You have done well servicing this House.  My clients are very pleased
with you... and you are lovely.  You have earned the studs.  They will be
returned to you upon your leaving us."  He smiled down at Deena as she exchange
the diamond studs in her nipples for the steel rings.  "As you know I have sold
your services for the coming weekend for a healthy fee.  Perform well it will go
well for you."  He paused as if pondering something.  Deena looked upwards
seeing but not really seeing the Master in front of her.  "If you choose to
continue your services on an out-of-kennel arrangement you may keep the diamond
necklace...  Consider it... a weekend once month or two may not be out of the
question for such a thing."  He smiled and left.
	Deena grunted at the suggestion... but then she sat considering the beauty
of the necklace she had worn at the Gala last evening... maybe...  Her thoughts
muddled into confusion. 

	The caretaker only returned to bring meals.  The day drug slowly, so very
slowly on into sunset...  Deena missed her two dogs.  And that too shocked her,
for they kept her mounted with surprising frequency.  Seldom allowing much
peace.  Her body felt empty, alone, yearning for her companions, lovers... 
Deena felt a tear trickle down her cheek... A tear for those dogs that had been
fucking her...  Her fingers danced lightly across her labia.  Another tear
fell...
	The morning brought her next challenge... another dog, to fuck her...
	"You will teach this one of anal sex, and oral sex.  He will not know your
pussy.  His Master is interested in keeping his wife pussy to himself and
training her with this dog.  Her ass will belong to the dog... and the Master of
the House wishes you to learn of canine fellatio."  The dog instinctively began
to sniff at Deena's sex.  She felt no sense of propriety or modesty to deter
this new companion from her loins.  In fact the cool of his nose, the flicking
of a tongue upon her sex was... invigorating.  Deena flushed with embarrassment
at the responses of her own mind and body... she spread her legs wider. 
	The caretaker watched.  Deena starred directly into his eyes.  "Enjoying
yourself?"  She chided all the while not attempting to deter the dog from her
sex.
	"Yes.  In fact I am."  He watched...  Deena starred directly back guiding
the dogs head into her sex...  His tongue felt good.  Deena starred.  The
caretaker watched.  Deena came, convulsing in body and breath... in silence,
never blinking or flinching, challenging the caretaker.  He watched too.  The
bulge in his pants announcing his opinion of the events before him.  Upon
recovering Deena helped the dog mount her guiding his doggie cock into her ass. 
The caretaker smiled.  Deena's eyes met the challenge....
	With time the caretaker left Deena with her new companion.  She fail to even
find embarrassment at being watched at the Doberman service her in front of him. 
Deena recomposed herself after the intrusion into her privacy.  Deena began to
consider the idea of doggie fellatio.  She did not like the images in her
mind... but then she knew too that she would have little choice...
	She sat in the dirt, naked scratching the ears of her knew lover.  She
didn't mind the dogs anymore.  She had grown accustomed to their passions.  They
took her often.  Her sex enjoyed the attentions.  In fact, at times she felt
like she couldn't get enough energy upon her pussy.  It felt overwhelming in its
demands for her to fuck these dogs.  Deena smiled... and she like to cum.  They
were much more aggressive than any man she had known.  Their tongue felt like
they swished across her tonsils, not glancing her "G" spot but rather deftly
passing across it, working it, working her into a sexual frenzy.
	And their cocks, nearly as large as a man's, found her pussy wet, ready and
very willing.  They were like pistons never ending in their assault upon her
sex.  She came and came.  And the knot tied her so tightly to them, well, it
felt really hot upon her pussy as it sealed the two together.
	Her dogs never failed to satisfy her sexual passions, not like men who often
seemed to cum well before her time leaving her wanting and unsatisfied.... But
then men were attentive to HER as woman... that was well worth the difference...
yet, here and now, Deena liked fucking her dogs... a lot!!
	As fortunes would have it her new lover rolled to his back.  Deena scratched
at his tummy.  She looked for what seemed like an hour, tho was really less than
a minute.  This did not appeal to her.  Deena's hand found the sides of his
doggie dick.  Lightly she massaged his sheath about his cock.  The pink tip
began to appear as he whimpered slightly at her touch.  She paused.  Then began
to massage in cock again.  More appeared... a tiny drop of creamy pre-cum wetted
the tip end.  Deena stomach turned and knotted.  Yuck!!  She wiped it clean
before bending down to attempt fellatio with her new lover, a Doberman.  His
cock tasted of salt.  Deena closed her mind to the images haunting her.  His
cock expanded into her mouth.  It felt of raw sausage against her tongue.  Deena
began a steady rhythm.  She did not feel like foreplay fellatio as she often did
with a man.  It was salty, and crude... but with patience he came into Deena's
mouth.  She gagged a bit at first, swallowed a the next burst and withdrew her
mouth as her hand encourage the doggie to finish his load.  Deena had done it. 
Now she must train this dog by repeating her performance often.  That was still
an unattractive thought.

	The weekend of the party was upon her before Deena knew it.  She was truly
not prepared, but then just exactly how does one prepare for such a thing... 
Being loaded completely naked into her kennel Deena bounced along in the back of
the truck, dust from the kennel road choked her, matted her hair and formed a
filmy thin coat of crud over her body.  Deena coughed covering her mouth with
hand.  The ride smoothed out at the pavement.   For the most part she felt
hidden from sight, but still... Deena was totally naked sitting in the corner of
her kennel bouncing along in the back of a truck.   The ride took an hour or so. 
Deena's legs felt of cramps as they opened her kennel.
	"I've invited a half dozen or so of my friends for the evening.  You will
see that they are entertained.  Jamie here will help see to your needs and
attire for the evening.  Your gonna be a sight tonight!"  The man crowed as he
scrutinized Deena's every part.  Deena felt violated as she followed behind
Jamie.  Deena showered and cleaned up in utter silence.  There were no diamonds
for her nipples, and no sparkling  necklace.  Deena washed up blowing her hair
to a fine wisp of beauty.
	She was lead to the center of a banquet room where she was locked into a
common pillory, her legs spread wide, her head and wrist locked into the
retention holes.  A bit gag was strapped into her mouth.  Deena stood helplessly
exposed, muted, to all who might passed her.
	Soon the guest began to arrive.  There was no dignity for Deena.  Many of
the guest sauntered past her caressing, exploring, fingering and touching every
secret tender area of her body.  She felt exposed, used, and violated as her sex
was critiqued, fondled and explored by all concerned.... and there were dogs
everywhere.  Deena was in for a long degrading night.  This was not at all like
the dignified party of last week.  Deena wept silently.
	Deena was the center of conversation as she heard it... crude, ghastly,
deriding, conversations about her, her morals, her body...  No one knew her, nor
of her, nor cared to spend a concern to find out.  Deena felt hunger.  Nothing. 
Not even food in her bowl.  No one took notice of her except in derision.
	As dinner ended the table began to clear away.  She remained locked in her
pillory, gaged and mute.  The first of sign of her night began to bark.  Then
another, and another... the room about her began filling with dogs.  Deena
struggled to see, to count... eight... ten...  She could not see all about the
room.  NO.  This can not be!!  Deena's eyes became wild in near panic at the
situation...  The first dog mounted her.  The panic intensified... in a few
minute her own body began to betray her.  Her tummy tightened.  Her pussy
flushed warm.  The knot passed her clit... she began to shudder...  A loud cheer
went up from the crowded room.  Deena's orgasm faltered as the raucous yanked
her back to the moment.  The dog came in Deena's pussy.  Jism oozed trickling
down her inner thigh.  Another cheer and crude observations... and another
dog...
	Dog after dog mounted her.  Deena did not keep count, she did not care to
know.  She felt awful about herself and her womanhood.  She hated the building
orgasms that she could seldom control or prevent.  Each reaction of her body to
the dogs brought degrading comments and cheers from the audience.  This was a
horrible experience! 
	Finally they were finished with her.  She was loaded, naked, slimy, cum
soaked and disgusted with herself.  Each bounce of the truck brought ooze from
her pussy and rectum.  Deena felt disgusting... used.

	The next week pasted quietly for Deena.  She trained another dog and then a
pup for the Master of the House.  She had not only grown accustomed to her
duties but actually enjoyed them.  At weeks end it was time for Deena to leave
her service at the kennel.
  	She sat quietly at sunrise awaiting her furry friend.  He did not come. 
Mid-morning came as Deena felt the presents of a man.  It was the Master of the
House
	"You have served me well during your time here.  It is a tribute to you that
you would choose to make this sacrifice for your friend.  Although I am sure you
will never tell her the truth of it all."  He smiled at Deena.  "These are
yours."  He handed the diamond studs thru the kennel cage.  "Please leave the
iron rings upon the dresser.  You will find your clothes upon the bed within and
your tank is full.  If you will stop at the Manor House I would consider it a
privilege for you to make use of the facilities to clean up before you leave...
and we will discuss the necklace over lunch."  He turned in silence and left. 
	Deena starred at the diamond studs in her hand.  They were prettier than she
remembered.  Deena tried the kennel door.  Yes.  It was open.  She stood tall
and stretched about for a few minutes.  Her clothes were packed neatly in her
suit case.  All was exactly as it was the afternoon of her arrival.  Deena
slipped into her panties.  She began to chuckle, then laugh.  How truly odd it
felt to have fabric upon her loins.  She slipped the iron loops from her nipples
and replaced them with the beautiful diamond studs.  Her nipples glittered in
brilliance.  She did not cover them.  Rather Deena slipped into her jeans, tied
shoes on her feet and headed for the garage. 
	Her car was clean, spotless, waxed - polished and ready to ride.  Deena
tossed her suit case into the back as she slipped behind the wheel.  Her first
inclination was to escape, to drive madly away from this place....  Deena began
to contemplate as she drove along the pathway...
	A part of her was so very glad to be at an end of this nightmare... and
another part would miss her furry companions.  She knew her sex would miss the
attentions.  She had become used to orgasms not daily but nearly every hour of
the day.  Her body would miss it.  Deena would miss the devotion of her furry
friends too.  They just loved... and loved fucking her.  And she loved it too.
	Without a thought she turned at the entrance to the Manor House.  "Hell, why
not!  A shower and lunch would be nice."  Deena said aloud.  She pulled quietly
into the circular drive at the entrance.  The valet took her car as Deena strode
to the FRONT door.  Now she was the guest... and was being treated like a Lady.
	The warm water flowed deliciously about her body.  Deena stood for twenty
minutes just enjoying the clean warmth.  Deena shampooed her hair three times
before she stepped out of the shower.  She slipped into her clean panties and
jeans... still not top.  Let the diamonds she had earned glitter!!  Besides they
had all seen her breasts... and more, much more.  So what was there to hide
really.  A matron helped Deena dry her hair, brushing, combing, and grooming it
to such a silky shine.  Deena used the make up lightly, after all it was
afternoon not an evening at the Opera. 
	Finally Deena strode to the dining room.  The table set quietly for two. 
Deena sat properly at the table like a Lady... a bare chested Lady, but with
dignity none the less.  The Master of the House joined her promptly.
	"I'm glad you chose to join me at lunch.  You are a stunningly beautiful
young woman."  He sat down graciously.  Deena smiled.  "I hope your stay has not
been too unmerciful."
	Deena's eyes flashed fire.  "Surely you jest.  I was kept in a cage, treated
like an animal, and put on display for your friends."  Deena dished her food
with an air of defiance.
	"Yes, well, that can not be helped I am afraid.  You see I don't believe you
would have paid the debt had you understood the nature of things."
	"You got that right."  Deena chewed her food.  It was truly delicious.
	"Correct.  But you have exhibited such a flair, a passion for the dogs...
and you are so lovely... and responsive to them."  He faltered a bit almost
embarrassed.  He placed the necklace upon the table.  It was truly stunning!! 
Deena was taken with it immediately.  Only the memory of her nightmare weekend
tempered her grasping at it.
	"And..."
	"Well, you'd be on call for services for a year or so..."  He paused.
	"The last weekend was a horrible nightmare.  No."  Deena said flatly.
	"I see.  Well, he can be a bit crude to be sure, but then for $1500 he pays
for the privilege too."
	"But what's that to me?"  Deena asked flatly.  "After all I get the same for
crude as I do for dignity."
	"A percentage then... say 20% and the necklace... for 18 months."  The
Master fell silent after his proposal.
	Deena ate without a word.  She finished her meal without another word
between the two.  She was full.  Deena stopped eating starring directly at the
Master of the House.  Her hand moved quickly scooping up the necklace.  In
another second it was clasped about her neck. 
	"Do you have a Mirror?" 
	"This way, please."  Deena walked as instructed.  She preened in front of
the mirror for five full minutes before turning away.
	"I need a few weeks to recover my humanity before you call."  With that
Deena strode bare chested, sparkling in the sunlight to her car.  The Master
smiled in silence
	"This will be a good deal for me too Missy..."


Your comments are always welcome with Golffdude45@AOL.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Golffdude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





