BDSM Library - Sexual Tortures of Rebecca at the Psychiatrist Hospital




Sexual Tortures of Rebecca at the Psychiatrist Hospital
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is about a "rich bitch" that became more trouble to her family.  Her family sends her to be cured, but the treatment includes rape, humiliation, bondage and torture.  This story is a collaboration between Zone and myself, Powerone.  We hope that by combining the writings of a female and a male writer a better story would appear.  If you liked this story, please send us an e-mail to either one of us.
{ASSM} SEXUAL TORTURE OF REBECCA AT THE PSYCHIATRIST HOSPITAL
{Zone and Powerone}
MF, nc, rape, anal, bd, virg, reluc, humiliation, torture.

---------------------------------------
This story was collaboration between Zone and myself, Powerone.  We hope that by
combining the writings of a female and a male writer a better story would
appear.  If you liked this story, please send us an e-mail to either one of us. 
This story is about a "rich bitch" that became more trouble to her family.  Her
family sends her to be cured, but the treatment includes rape, humiliation,
bondage and torture.
-----------------------------------------




SEXUAL TORTURE OF REBECCA AT THE PSYCHIATRIST HOSPITAL


CHAPTER ONE-THE KIDNAPPING

	Rebecca came from a wealthy family and she could be considered a "Princess"
(others might use the term cockteaser or bitch). The family was in the public
arena, James (Dad) was a Congressman and Sally (Mom) was a noted Attorney. She
had a twin sister Heather. Both were eighteen, long red hair, beautiful, with an
outstanding figure. But that is where the similarities ended. Heather was going
to Yale next year, her fianc� had just graduated from the same school. His
family was one of the social elite. Rebecca had been trouble since she was
fourteen. She had been in and out of private schools (mostly thrown out), been
arrested for drinking, drugs and vandalism. Her parents had tried psychiatrists,
treatment programs and they even resorted to jail (she got seven days for
vandalism), but all were a failure. The final straw was her latest incident. She
had got into a car wreck while under the influence of drugs. Unfortunately, the
person in the other car suffered major injuries. It had cost millions of dollars
in damages to make this one go away, but the publicity could not be bought off.
Her parents were now desperate. Dad was up for reelection next year. 

	They were told that conventional treatment would do nothing for Rebecca so
James sought alternative treatment methods, outside of the United States. They
finally found the DeShade Psychiatric Clinic in Bermuda. James and Sally went to
see it and met Doctor Marquis. It was a very modern and well-equipped hospital
on the island. It had a small number of patients (ten) and a large staff (20).
It was very expensive, but could provide round the clock supervision and
individualized care.

	Doctor Marquis had very unorthodox methods. He believed that Rebecca was too
independent and free-spirited and did not adhere to conventional standards of
morality. She needed to be taught the consequences of her actions. Doing this
would require harsh treatments and punishments. While he did not describe them
in detail, he did explain that they involved electric shock treatment,
restraints and humiliation. He explained that Rebecca would have to be entrusted
to his care as legal guardian for a period of one year. She was not to have any
visitors, but she would write home once a month. But at the end of the one-year
period, she could return to her home and become a productive member of society.
In desperation, James and Sally signed Rebecca over to Doctor Marquis and they
made arrangements for Rebecca to be drugged and a private plane to fly her to
Bermuda to begin treatments the next day. 












CHAPTER TWO-STRIPPED AND BOUND

	They had put a drug it into her drink at dinnertime and by the time dinner
was over Rebecca had passed out. Two men came and took her away to the airport
where a private jet flew her to Bermuda and with the right amount of money, was
smuggled through immigration. 

	Rebecca was placed into her cell. It was a large with no windows and a large
mirror on one wall (it was really a two-way window). It contained a large
four-poster bed and table. Both the table and the bed had straps placed at all
four-corners. She was stripped of her clothes and was dressed with a strapless
bra (that unhooked in the front) and thong panties. This would allow ease of
removal when bound. 

	She was given medication that would leave her docile once the other drug
wore off. This would be standard procedure while she was there. At about ten
O'clock PM she began to awake. The lights were on in. She was very groggy and as
she tried to turn over, she realized that her arms were tied to the headboard.
She looked at her wrists. They had leather bands with fur on the inside to
prevent chafing. She could feel the same bands on her ankles. The two straps had
metal hooks holding them together behind one of the slats in the headboard.
There was a blanket covering her, but she quickly realized that most of her
clothes were gone. Dr. Marquis was watching her from behind the mirror. Rebecca
heard the lock on the door turn and open and she glanced at the door. Dr.
Marquis and Michael entered. Both wore white coats like Doctors.

	"Where am I, what am I doing here" cried Rebecca.

	"I am Dr. Marquis and this is Michael." You are now a patient at DeShade
Psychiatric Clinic," said the Doctor. "Your parents have decided that you
require special treatment and have entrusted your care to me. I am now your
legal guardian for the next year and you will remain a patient. We are on an
island outside of the United States. You will be treated while you are here."

	"Oh, no, my parents wouldn't do that," Rebecca cried out.

	"They most certainly did after your most recent car accident. You almost
killed someone and they had to take drastic measures to make sure that it did
not happen again. You will begin treatment tomorrow. My treatments might be
considered harsh or brutal but they will provide results," stated the Doctor.

	"What are you going to do to me?" she cried out, tears forming in her eyes.

	"My treatments include electric shock treatments, forced enemas, tight
bondage and humiliation. You will be subject to spankings and whippings for any
infractions of the hospital rules and insubordination to any of the guards,
which Michael will be your personal guard. You must obey all of the guard's
orders and submit to their demands without question." 

	"Please, don't hurt me, I feel so weak, I can just barely move," she moaned.
She tried to pull her arms down, but the leather straps held tight.

	"I will be watching you behind the mirror over there and when I am not
there, the cameras will always be on. You will no longer have any privacy. I
will leave you with Michael for initiation. As I said before, you must obey the
demands of the guards, no matter what they demand. Your body is no longer yours,
but mine and the guards have my permission to do anything," and Dr. Marquis left
the room and the door slammed shut.

	Rebecca trembled in fear as the door closed and locked. Michael was over six
feet tall and muscular. In her weakened condition, she would be no match for
him. With her hands bound, she was helpless. 

	Michael walked over to the bed and began to pull the blanket off of Rebecca.
"Let's see what we have here," as the blanket slowly moved down Rebecca's body
until he threw it to the floor. Rebecca began to get goose bumps from the cool
air as she realized that she was only wearing a strapless bra and thong panties.
She turned red in embarrassment as she noticed Michael lewd glare at her body.
While Rebecca was 18 years old, she was still a virgin. She had been the
ultimate "princess". There was no one good enough to have her body. 

	"Leave me alone," she yelled as the tears started dripping from here eyes
"and put the blanket back on me, it is too cold." Rebecca turned over onto her
back, her arms high over her head to prevent Michael from seeing her naked ass.
Michael went behind the headboard and began to pull Rebecca's arms lower onto
the bedframe, making Rebecca arch her back to prevent her arms from breaking.
"Please, that hurts, don't pull them down." She felt Michael unclip the straps
but clip them to the lower rail of the bed, forcing Rebecca into the arched
position. She had to raise her ass off of the bed to maintain the position. Her
breasts were now pushed out, as was her pussy.

	"You will learn that part of your treatment will be tight bondage. This will
involve placing your body in unnatural positions. Often this will be humiliating
as your breasts, ass and pussy will be prominently displayed. You will be forced
into these positions for hours at a time. You will only be released for
treatments or to be placed in a new position." Michael went to the side of the
bed and ran his hands under Rebecca's arched back. "I love how your body yields
to the bondage." His hands continued down her back and Rebecca trembled, as she
knew he would soon run his hands over her naked ass.

	"It hurts to stay like this, please let me down," she begged. His hands had
now moved over her back and were now running over her naked ass. "Please, don't
touch me there or I will tell the Doctor."

	"The Doctor is behind that mirror watching you present your body." Michael
began to caress her ass cheeks, squeezing them, forcing groans and gasps from
Rebecca's mouth. He separated the cheeks of her ass and Rebecca could feel the
cool air on her anus. "You are a very beautiful women and I am going to enjoy
your body while you are here. I work here because I get to enjoy the charms of
women like you. During the day you will be submitting to treatments of Dr.
Marquis, but at night, you are mine. He ran his hand down one of her legs and
reached the cuff attached to her ankle. He began to pull her leg open to the
side of the bed. Rebecca could not move the other leg because she needed it too
support her arched back. 

	"What are you doing, you are spreading it too wide." She felt Michael fumble
with something and than release her leg. When she tried to move it back, she
found that he had tied it to the edge of the bed. He moved to the other side of
the bed and grabbed the other ankle, again spreading it to the side and securing
it. "Oh, that's too wide, you are splitting me open, let me down." She was now
forced to arch her back and her ass off of the bed, with her legs spread wide.
She was facing the mirror and she could see how obscene the position she was
being placed in. Her legs were spread wide and only her brief panties prevented
Dr. Marquis from seeing her pussy from behind the mirror.

	"You look very sexy, Rebecca. I bet no one has ever taken the liberties with
your body as I am doing" and his hands returned to her body, this time they
began to run over her stomach.
 
	"Please, I can't hold this position much longer, please release my hands,"
she begged. 

	"You will be surprised at how much pain you can withstand. If you don't, you
will fall to the bed and break your arms. I don't care one way or the other.
With two broken arms, it will not be necessary for me to tie your hands until
they heal." His hands continued up over her stomach until it reached her bra.
"You must have noticed that you are dressed in a strapless bra. You will soon
find out, it unsnaps in the front. This will allow easy removal, even when you
are in bondage. Your panties are thongs, allowing you to be spanked on your
naked ass without removal and when necessary, they tear easily." His hands moved
over her bra and grasped her breasts in his large hands.

	"No, don't touch me get your hands off of me, I don't deserve this
treatment."

	"But you do Rebecca. You have always put yourself first, now you must learn
to submit to the demands of others. You have very nice breasts and I intend to
take full advantage of them. They will soon be naked for Dr. Marquis and myself
to see. In the days to come, Dr. Marquis will pay special attention to your
breasts. I have seen him put young ladies breasts like yours in very tight
bondage. He loves to torture large nipples. Do you know what it feels like to
have clamps put on your nipples? Can you imagine the pain as they are pulled and
twisted from your body?" He continued to manipulate her bra-encased breasts,
squeezing them. His fingers sought out her nipples. "Do you have large nipples,
Rebecca?"

	"Oh, don't hurt my breasts, that hurts, oooowwww."

	"Answer me, Rebecca, do you have large nipples?" and he squeezed her nipples
tightly.

	"OOOOOOWWWW, yes I do, now leave them alone," she cried.

	"That's very good, Rebecca, you must submit. I think I would like to see for
myself. Ask me to make your breasts naked, Rebecca?"
	
	Rebecca was humiliated at the way she was being forced to perform. No one
had ever touched her like this, and now she was being forced to ask a stranger
to bare her breasts. "Make my breasts naked," she meekly replied.

	"Yes, I think we shall remove your bra," and his hand went to the catch.
With a flick of his finger the bra opened and instantly fell to the bed. Rebecca
now lay on the bed, her back and ass arched upward invitingly, her breasts
pointing to the ceiling with her legs spread wide. Rebecca's breasts were large
and firm. As she said, her nipples were large. The cool air and Michael's
fingers had made them erect.

	"AAAAAHHHH, OOOOHHHHH, don't," Rebecca moaned as hands returned to her
breasts, this time naked and began to manipulate them. He continued to fondle
her large tits, paying special attention to her nipples. His fingers circled the
areola and teased the nipple. He plucked her nipples from her chest, pulling and
stretching them. "OOOOOWWWW, that hurts," as she arched her back higher to
release some of the tension on them, but Michael just continued to pull them
higher. "Please, it hurts, and I am stretched to high", she begged.
	
	"Ask me to strip your panties off and I will release your nipples," as he
gave her nipples a particularly cruel twist.

	"OOOOUUUUUUCCCCCCHHHHHH, no, don't pull them harder, take my panties off,
but please leave my nipples alone," she replied, humiliated that she was asking
to be stripped naked.

	Michael released her nipples but continued to lightly caress them, forcing
them to stay erect. "You have very sensitive nipples, Rebecca, imagine what it
would feel like if I applied sandpaper to them. Think of the exquisite pain you
would feel. They would become very tender to the touch. Maybe tomorrow I will
get some sandpaper and we will try it, would that be OK, Rebecca?"

	"Oh, no, that would hurt so much, I don't think I could stand it."

	"But you would be bound tightly and would have no choice. I can do what I
desire with your tight little body and you have no choice but to submit to my
demands. Let us now see your pussy," and his hands moved toward her waist.
Rebecca cringed in humiliation as he began slide his hands in her panties. She
could feel his hands reach her bush and begin to spread over her pussy. She
tried to move away from the hands but as she moved lower, her arms began to
ache.
	
	"That's right Rebecca, raise up higher, push your pussy into my hands or you
will break your arms." Rebecca obeyed, pushing up higher. His fingers began to
spread her pussy lips apart. Again, Rebecca tried to escape the cruel fingers
but the result was she again had to raise her pussy higher to escape the pain in
her arms. "You are learning, Rebecca. I will have my way with you, so submit to
my advances."

	"I think Dr. Marquis and myself would like to see your naked pussy now." He
pushed her panties lower until they reached the spread in her knees. He ripped
them open and they fell to the bed. Rebecca was now spread open for both of them
to see. Michael moved to the foot of the bed so he could see directly between
her spread legs. "You have a very beautiful pussy, Rebecca. Your pussy lips are
spread out and I can see your pretty pink pussy." He climbed on the bed between
her legs and put his hands under her naked ass. "Raise your ass higher, Rebecca,
so we may see your anus." 

	The humiliation was taking a toll on Rebecca. She was now being forced to
raise her ass and let them see her naked anus. She felt his fingers pull the
cheeks of her ass apart.

	"Higher, Rebecca, obey. I will spread your cheeks apart so your anus is
open. Raise higher now."

	Rebecca groaned in pain and humiliation as she pushed her ass higher off the
bed, straining her muscles to support her body. Her anus was now held high and
open to their gaze. 

	"Very good, Rebecca, you pussy and anus is now spread wide. How does it feel
to show yourself like this? Keep your ass high, Rebecca," his hands pushing her
up and open. She could feel his stare at her naked loins. He kept her high and
open for long minutes, tears coming from her eyes in shame and humiliation. He
moved from the bed and stood up. Rebecca stayed in position, raised up and
spread wide. Her innocent body, naked and here muscles aching from the spread
position. 

	"It's time for dinner, so I am going to leave you like this for an hour.
When I come back, I will tuck you in for the night. You must stay in that
position for the next hour." Rebecca cringed in pain. She did not know if she
could stand another hour of this torture. 

	When Michael came back, Rebecca's tight body was covered in sweat. She
looked very sexy, raised and spread. Michael untied her legs and went behind the
bed and unfasten her hands from the bottom rail but reattached them to the
higher rail. Rebecca groaned and turned over onto her side. Michael picked up
her bra and a new pair of panties and put them on Rebecca. He made sure that he
forced Rebecca the most amount of humiliation as he spread her legs first before
pulling the panties up to her waist. He ran his fingers down the crack in her
ass, pushing the thong deep into the crevice. He placed the blanket and covered
her naked body with it. 

	"Doctor Marquis said he was very pleased with your responsive behavior. You
may get some sleep now because tomorrow you need to be wide open and alert. He
has a full day of forced enemas waiting for you. I think I might have to join
the Doctor and watch as the enemas are forced into your ass. By tomorrow night,
your ass will be relaxed. I will be back to put you back into a new bondage
position. While tied tightly, I will take liberties with your ass. Sleep well my
little pet."




CHAPTER 3---ENEMA TORTURE

	I was brought fully awake with a slap on my ass.  It was Michael.

	 He said,  "get up slave" as he untied me.  When I failed to move fast
enough he grabbed my panties and pulled them up until they were cutting me in
half just like a piece of thin dental floss.  I could feel it cutting deeply
into me as I scrambled up and off the bed. 

	He then led my out the door by keeping a hand on the top of the panties that
was digging into my ass and pussy.  I looked over my shoulder and I could see
the evil grin on his face. 

	"Smack" his hand went as it hit me square on the tit.  "Face front and don't
look back you bitch," I started to cry and whimper quietly.  "Shut up" he yelled
"you have nothing to cry about now, ah, but later," he laughed, "you will."  His
was an evil laugh, the laugh that bodes bad for a girl I learned.

	We entered into a room that looked like a cross between a medical lab and a
barn.  In the center was a horse, not a real one but a kind of, what do they
call it, a mechanical bull, I think its what it is called.  I saw it once in a
movie with John Travolta.  It was sitting in a circle with holes on the floor
like drains and faucets and a table with drawers.  Along the wall were pristine
stainless steel counters and various medical instruments.

	As I looked around I saw a tall bald headed man seating behind the desk. 
His looks scared me.  He had to have been at least 6 1/2 feet tall and with a
hard muscular body.  His coat barely fit him he was so wide. 

	With a motion of his head he directed Michael to the horse.  I started to
scream "no no no" and fight him.  Without any ceremony Michael tossed me over
the back of it, forcing me down on it and tied my hands to the front hooks and
my legs spread wide over the back of it.  It felt as if I was falling off
because my ass and pussy were hanging right on the edge. 

	I saw the Doctor approach the area.  He came to the table and opened various
drawers.  I could not see what he was taking out.  But Michael could and he kept
nodding and laughing every time the Doctor took something out. The Doctor
approached me and began.  "My dear," he said, "is the beginning of your
treatment.  It is a treatment you will never forget.  We call it the widening of
your ass hole and the cleansing of your colon.  We are going to start with
something small."  He then showed me what he had in his hand.  It was a large
dildo with a hole in it. 

	I took one look at it and screamed, "NOOOO, You will kill me with it."

	"No we will not kill you but I know you will wish you will die but we will
not let that happen, Trust me, you will live through it." 

	With that he went behind me and I felt his finger rubbing my ass hole.  "By
the way," he said, "you may scream as loud as you want, because this is a sound
proof room.   Oh and another thing, lookup.  This is also a teaching hospital
and I have a class of students watching today's episode.  So we shall make it
good."

	I looked up and I could see a sea of very interested male faces in the
windows looking down on me. 

	With that he took the dildo and placed it in the tip of the opening of my
ass, corkscrewing it back and forth until he moved more and more of it into me. 
The pain was so bad that I could not even get a scream out.  Finally as he
pushed it home and I could feel it force itself into me, I let out a long and
loud scream that seemed to go on forever. 

	As I caught my breath I saw Michael hand the doctor a clean tube which I
felt him roughly insert into the back of the dildo.  With each push he pushed it
in further.  I felt some lubrication around the dildo and the doctor wiped it up
with his finger and brought it around to my face.  "See Rebecca you are bleeding
for me" and then he made me lick his finger and clean it.  I could taste the
pungent coppery taste from the blood and began to gag. 

	"If you throw up you bitch," the doctor said, "we will make you eat it. " I
got myself under control but I could not keep the tears from coming.  I could
feel them rolling down my cheeks and then down the side of the bull.

	I then felt him pull the tubing and hook it up to the faucet.  "Shall it be
hot water or cold water.  Um, what do you think Michael it's your choice?"  
Michael then went over and turned on the hot water.  "Wait," said the doctor and
Michael turned it off again.  "I forgot the bleaching action."  And he went
behind me and with a syringe he inserted an ammonia compound into me.  I could
feel it burning and burning my insides.  The screams just came and came and
came.  Then Michael turned on the water and I could feel the hot water gushing
down the tube and into me. 

	It filled me up until my insides hurt and then he turned it off and clamped
the tubing shut.  Michael then took a thick dildo out of the drawer.  It had
spikes on the outside, which moved back and forth.  He attached it to the bull
and inserted it into my sensitive pussy.  It tore its way in, abrading my tender
pussy and then he and the Doctor stood back and flipped a switch.  The bull
started to move back and forth and up and down.   The movement sloshed all the
water inside me while at the same time causing the dildo in my pussy to tear at
the walls of my pussy as it moved back and forth.

	Finally when I could not hold it anymore they stopped the motion and with a
yank on the tubing, he pulled out the dildo in my ass.  I tried to control my
muscles but I started to shit all over the place.  I was not able to hold my
bowels and the laughter I could hear all around was so humiliating.

	When I finished shitting the Doctor called in a female assistant to clean me
off, washing down my ass with a hose of cold water.  It was heaven when she took
the cold hose and pressed it into my ass hole.  The cold water was soothing
after the burning of the ammonia and the hot water.

	Thank god this was over.  I could feel them untying me and pulling me up. 
But freedom for me was not to be.  They then pushed my on my back on the table
and I heard the woman say, "OK, I think she needs one more time."  Now I was on
my back, with her spreading my legs and arms and they tied them to the table.
She roughly pulled the dildo from my pussy and shoved it into my ass.  It began
to tear it even more and force my anal track spread open.   Once again they
connected a tube to it and turned on the water, but this time it was lukewarm. 

	In this position I could see my stomach.  As the water flowed my stomach
started to distend.  It was painful now but she did not stop.  It kept on
growing and growing until I looked like I was nine months pregnant.

	The cramps were so bad all I wanted to do was roll on my side, but spread
open as I was, it was not meant to be. I looked around and saw that Michael and
the male doctor were nowhere around. I was left in the hands of the female
doctor. 

	She looked at the clipboard and said, "Ah, I see that Dr. Marquis wants to
see you shaved.  Now darling" she purred "don't move. " As she started to place
shaving cream on my pussy and moved the razor up and down my slit.  When she was
finished she wiped me off and placed her hands on my stomach and started to push
it around.  I could feel the water sloshing inside me. 

	I was cramping and cramping.  She leaned down and pulled back the lips of my
pussy and licked my clit.  I cried out "no, no please don't I'm not a lesbian. 
Please stop."  But she just continued on, sucking on it.  She then placed one
hand on my stomach and the other on my clit.  She pulled my clit and pushed my
stomach back and forth. 

	Soon I felt I was getting somewhere.  I felt some pleasure.  She stopped and
untied me and stood me up and made me spread my legs and she pulled the dildo
out of me and stood there and watched me as I emptied my ass all over the place. 
When I was finished she reached down and rubbed my pussy again and again until I
was moaning and she stopped and said "good girl", and rang the bell and left me
standing there. 




CHAPTER FOUR ANAL RAPE

	Michael picked up Rebecca after her enema treatment with Dr. Marquis. He had
dressed Rebecca again in the bra and panties. She was given 3-inch heels to
wear.  He attached her wrists together behind her back and they moved back to
her cell, with Michael following behind her.

	Rebecca was physically and emotionally exhausted from the torture she had
received at the hands of Dr. Marquis. She just wanted to get back to her cell
and try to forget what happened.

	Michael had different ideas for Rebecca. She was extremely sexy, her naked
ass swinging back and forth as they walked, her high heels stretching her legs.
His cock needed relief and Rebecca was going to provide the relief.

	Michael moved closer to Rebecca and his hand rested on her naked ass as they
walked. Rebecca cringed when she felt it. "No more, didn't you punish me enough
today" she cried.

	"The night is still to come Rebecca. Do you know what I am going to do to
you tonight?"

	"Leave me alone" she cried. His hand continued to fondle her naked ass. She
felt his fingers grasping her cheeks harder, pulling them apart. She tried to
stop walking but Michael pushed her along.

	"Continue walking," he ordered. His fingers continued to search between her
cheeks, looking for her anus. His fingers brushed along her anus, making Rebecca
attempt to stop. "I will not tell you again, continue walking or it will be
another painful enema for you."

	"You will be bound tightly on the bed again when we get back. I have been
thinking about how I will tie and spread you all day. If you thought you were
uncomfortable last night, tonight will be even worse. I want you that way for
two hours. I will enjoy watching you naked and spread open".

	"EEEEEHHH, don't put your finger in my ass" cried Rebecca. Michael had
penetrated her anus with one of his fingers as they were walking. It was relaxed
from the numerous enemas she received today, but was extremely sensitive from
the torture it received. "Don't tie me up again, that hurt so bad last night and
I was so humiliated".

	Rebecca moved faster as his finger pushed deeper into her anus. "Slow down,
I am going to push into your ass deeper. Continue walking, your tight asshole
squeezes my finger so tight." 

	Rebecca was so humiliated. It was difficult to walk with his finger in her
ass. His finger began to move in and out as she walked, forcing a groan from her
lips. "AAAAAHHHH, OOOOWWWW, take it out," she yelled. Michael had forced a
second finger into her ass.

	"Even with the enemas, your ass is still tight, Rebecca. After your bondage
session tonight, you will be forced over onto your sides so I can have access to
your ass. If you cooperate, I will not have to whip your ass".

	"Don't do that, I don't think I can taking a whipping." His fingers
continued to push in and out of her anal tract. Every few steps his fingers
would jab into the side of her rectum, forcing a gasp of pain from her lips. 

	"I am going to pleasure myself in your ass tonight, Rebecca. Since you had
your enemas today, you ass is squeaky clean. I am going to force my cock into
you deep and fuck you. It will hurt as I open you up, but if you don't
cooperate, I will tie you spread open and whip you between the cheeks of your
ass, tearing at your anus. Are you going to be a good girl and obey, Rebecca?"

	His fingers in her ass gave her a cruel twist. "OOOOWWW, yes I will obey, I
don't want to be whipped." He gave her a push and his fingers popped from her
anus as they arrived at her cell.

	Michael untied her wrists, this was the first time she was not bound in a
long time. "Remove your bra and panties, but leave your heels on, I want to see
you naked. It will be a long night before you see any clothes again," Michael
ordered.

	Rebecca removed her clothes and stood naked in front of Michael. Even after
the ordeal she suffered today, it still embarrassed her to be naked in front of
Michael. I guess it was the thought that Dr. Marquis was a Doctor and you had to
get naked in front of Doctors, but Michael was not. In addition, he was young
and good looking.

	"Bend over the bed, spread your legs and put your hands flat on the bed" he
commanded. Michael watched as Rebecca meekly complied. As she bent over, her
large breasts hung down toward the bed. Her pussy and ass spread open from the
position she was in. Rebecca could feel his gaze on her naked body and she
feared what was going to become of her. 

	Michael moved along side of Rebecca's body and his hands moved to her
hanging tits. "Hold still, I want to play with your big tits, don't move or it's
the whip. They are such tempting targets, hanging down. I will enjoy punishing
them some day." His hand grabbed her nearest tit and squeezed the flesh between
his fingers.

	"OOOOW, ggggasssppp" moaned Rebecca. His fingers were cruelly digging into
her tender tit flesh. He drew back his hand and slapped her tit hard.
"SSSLLLLAAAP", her tit bouncing from the impact. "Ouch, don't hit them," she
begged.

	"Hold still." His hand slapped her tit again, this time harder. Her flesh
began to turn red. "Look how red it gets." "SSSLLLAAAPPPP," again. Tears began
to form in Rebecca's eyes as her breasts stung from the abuse. Another slap and
her tit shook from the impact. "Look how hard your nipples are, they are just
begging for abuse." His fingers reached and grasped her large nipples and began
to squeeze them tightly. Rebecca continued to maintain the position, giving
Michael access to abuse her breasts. He cruelly twisted her nipple and than
slapped her breasts hard again, this time also hitting her erect nipple.

	"Don't hit them any more, it hurts so bad."

	"Maintain the position, I haven't even finished with this one, I still have
the other one to do." Rebecca cringed in pain, as he began to twist her nipple
again, stretching it toward the bed. He pulled her nipple until it reached the
bed, stretching her tit out into a cone. While one hand captured her nipple
tightly to the bed, his other hand pushed under chin. "Raise up from the bed"
and he pushed on her chin. He was going to force Rebecca to stretch her own
nipple.

	"AAAAAHHHH," cried Rebecca as it felt like her nipple was being torn from
her body. He continued to push her body up, as his fingers tightened on her
trapped nipple, stretching it.

	"This is what it will feel like when the Doctor puts nipple clamps on you.
You will wish that your nipples were pulled off." He released her nipple and it
snapped back. Rebecca groaned a sigh of relief, the lingering pain of his
fingers still on her nipples. 

	Michael walked over to the other side of the bed. "No more," cried Rebecca,
as she realized that he was now going to do the same thing with her other
breast. His hand slapped her breasts, bringing fresh pain. He grabbed her
hanging tit flesh and twisted it cruelly. " Slap," the flesh beginning to turn
red. Two more slaps and now he was concentrating on hitting her nipple. Rebecca
knew that he was going to cruelly twist her nipple now.

	"Grab your nipple with your fingers and stretch it until it reaches the
bed," Michael ordered, Rebecca realizing that he was going to force her to
torture her own nipple. Rebecca obeyed, groaning as her nipple was stretched.
"If you let go of it before I tell you, I will whip your breasts, do you
understand?"

	"Yes", she said meekly and cringed as she grasped her nipple tighter. She
felt his hand go to her chin and begin to push her higher.

	"Raise up, stretch your nipple further, hold it tight." Rebecca continually
strained to hold her nipple tighter and tighter, as Michael forced her higher.
Pain was flashing through her breasts. Michael was making Rebecca inflict more
pain on her than when he did. He finally allowed Rebecca to release her nipple. 

	"It is now time to stretch out on the bed. Lay flat on your back and put
your hands over your head." Rebecca moved toward and lay flat on her back, her
arms extended over her head. She knew that she had to submit. Soon he would have
her bound tightly, and she would be obscenely exposed. He tied her hands to the
headboard. He moved Rebecca so she was lying on her side, her ass exposed. He
tied a rope behind her back and tied it to the right bedpost, preventing Rebecca
from turning over.

	"Now your legs" and he grabbed her right leg and moved it toward the same
left bedpost at the top of the bed. He tied it tightly. Rebecca was now lying on
her side, her arms over her head and her right leg under her body, stretching up
along her breasts until it met the bedpost. She could feel her ass open up from
the position.

	"I hope you are very limber, we don't want to break your leg, but I so like
you when you are spread wide." Michael grabbed her left leg and forced it back
toward the left bedpost. Normally this would not have been too bad if she was
lying on her back, but since she was tied on her side, her leg began to spread
unnaturally. Michael first pulled it up. It began to pain Rebecca immediately.
The worse was yet to come. Michael circled the rope over the bedpost and began
to pull it. Rebecca cried out in pain as her leg was forced back, but since she
tied on her side, it would not bend that way naturally. Rebecca groaned in pain
as Michael continued to spread it back. Her ass was now fully exposed, her anus
opening from the unnatural spread of her legs. He now had her leg within 5
inches of the bedpost. Rebecca was in continual pain. It felt like Michael was
trying to rip her crotch open. Her pussy was stretched open. He tied it down,
leaving Rebecca in pain.

	"How is that Rebecca?" his hand reaching for her spread loins. He could feel
the taught skin between her pussy and anus, stretched wide. "You only have to
suffer through this for two hours."

	"OOOHHH, GGGOOOODD, you are splitting me open," tears freely flowing from
her eyes. The pain was unbearable. She did not know how she would survive two
hours of this.

	His hand freely played across her groin. He slapped her pussy, but Rebecca
could not even jerk away. He grabbed her pussy hair and ripped it, tears forming
in Rebecca's eyes from the pain. He snapped his fingers on her sensitive anus
sending shivers of pain through her body. He continued to sexually abuse Rebecca
as she moaned in pain.

	"Only 1 hour and 55 minutes left, Rebecca. How do you feel?"

	"Oh, God, I hurt so badly. It's worse than the enema's I got today. I cannot
stand the pain, let me loose, I will do anything."

	"You will do anything I want after the two hours. I think you will be very
submissive when I am ready to ass fuck you. I am going to lay you on your side.
I am going to make you reach back and spread your ass open for my cock. Once the
head of my cock enters your ass, I want you to slowly fuck yourself back onto my
cock until it is deep in your ass and giving you cramps. Than we will begin the
serious ass fucking. I am going to fuck you long and hard".

	"But for now, I think I am going to sit back and enjoy myself watch you
spread out before me. Oh, I forgot." He took a tube of Ben Gay and squeezed some
on his fingers. "I think you need some deep heat." He put the first two gobs on
her nipples. They instantly became erect and the pain began to spread. He took
another gob on two fingers and his hand moved toward her groin.

	"Not there, I wouldn't be able to stand it," yelled Rebecca, fear in her
eyes. She knew it was going to be extremely painful in her pussy and she would
have to wait two hours before she could do anything about it.

	Rebecca could not stop him as his fingers, lubricated with the Ben Gay,
quickly slipped deep into her pussy. He began to rotate his fingers, spreading
the Ben Gay on the walls of her pussy. Rebecca's screams could be heard miles
away. After five minutes of screaming, her voice, hoarse from yelling, could
barely make a sound. 

	Michael stood over her bound body again and looked in her eyes. Fear spread
through her body as she saw Michael spread Ben Gay on his fingers again. She
knew that her ass was next. He had just waited until her screams had died down.
Her anal tract was already tender and sensitive from the enemas, now it would
become worse. His fingers reached for her spread anus and he jabbed them quickly
into her anus, spreading her open, pushing deep into her rectum before she could
adapt to the pain. He finger fucked her ass deep and hard, spreading the Ben Gay
throughout her anal tract. Her screams began again. 

	"Only 1 hour and 30 minutes left, Rebecca, how are you doing? I bet you
can't wait until I rape your ass. With that Ben Gay, it is really going to hurt
when I push my cock deep into you. What a great night you are having." 

	The time dragged on for Rebecca.  Her body ached from the stringent bondage
she was placed in and her nipples, pussy and ass stung from the cruel Ben Gay
that Michael had applied. She could feel the evil stare of Michael, as he
continued to watch her pained expression.  She knew that he intended to fuck her
in the ass next, and she would be forced to participate in her own anal rape.

	Michael stood up and went over to the bed and began releasing her arms and
legs.  "How are you doing, Rebecca?  Are you ready to be more cooperative?  My
cock is so hard from watching you tied up, I am ready to fuck you in the ass."
Michael ordered Rebecca "Turn on your side."  Rebecca trembled in fear, knowing
that she would be soon raped in her tender ass.  She closed her eyes when she
heard Michael begin to undress.  She did not want to see him.

	He stood next to her face and said "Open your eyes, and see the cock that is
going to tear into your asshole."  Rebecca's eyes opened in fear as Michael's
8-inch hard cock stood in her face.  The mushroom shaped cock-head was over two
inches. 

	"Reach back and spread your ass open, spread your legs open a little wider,
I will be able to fuck my cock into your deeper that way," Michael commanded of
Rebecca.  Her hands reluctantly went behind her and she grasped her cheeks,
slowly opening her anus open for Michael's amusement.  "Further, spread your
legs wider, spread yourself open".

	Rebecca could feel Michael place his erect cock at the entrance of her tiny
asshole.  The large head felt to big to enter her, but she knew that he did not
care about her pain.  He began to push his cock into her anus.  Rebecca gritted
her teeth as it began to stretch her tiny virgin ass.  Her face grimaced in pain
and she grunted as Michael began to force his cock into her unwilling ass.

	"Oh God, it hurts so bad, please stop, take it out, your hurting me", tears
falling from her eyes.

	Michael continued to force his cock into her ass, the head of his cock
suddenly forcing the tiny anus to stretch open and allowing him access to her
anal tract.

	"Its too big, UUGGGGHHH, it hurt," cried Rebecca as her anus at first
resisted the intrusion of his cock into her ass, but slowly gave way and opened. 
Rebecca could feel the awful stretching and tearing of his cock as he eased
himself slowly into her hot rectum.

	Michael's hands held her hips tightly in his grip, forcing her back,
impaling her ass on his rigid cock.  Rebecca, bringing forth a fresh batch of
tears, could only gasp in pain as the cock pushed deeper into her ass.  She
could not believe the pain and the humiliation she was suffering from the
stretching of her ass.  The slow fucking into her tight back passage made her
clenching anus burn and ache in pain. 

	"OOOHH, GOOOODDDD, that hurts so bad," her bowels cramping as he inched his
cock into her ass.  Her cries of pain only inflamed Michael's lust, as Rebecca
had no choice but submit to the rape of her ass.  She jerked as Michael dragged
her hips back towards him, impaling Rebecca's asshole on his cock, a grunt of
satisfaction coming from Michael's lips. 

	"Your ass is so hot and tight, Rebecca, soon I will be deep inside you and
than I will begin fucking you hard and deep."  His cock felt huge inside Rebecca
and she stiffened as she felt she would burst.

	With one final thrust, Michael drove his cock completely into Rebecca's
bowels. 

	Rebecca could not believe the pain could be so bad as she yelled "Your
killing mmmeeee, Aaaaaaagggghhhh!!!!!!! Her hands clenching in pain. Michael
held her hips so she could not move and lay on her, savoring the hot, tight
asshole squeezing his cock, her sphincter gripping his cock tightly. 

	"I going to start fucking you hard now, Rebecca."  Michael pulled his cock
out of her ass, the pain to Rebecca almost as much as when it entered.  When her
anal sphincter gripped his cock he pushed as hard as he could, forcing Rebecca's
ass to open brutally.

	"OHHH, you Bastard, that hurts so bad, just get it over, OOHHH God, " she
cried.  It felt like a spike was entering her ass.  His hands gripped her hips
forcing her to arch her back, opening her ass to his brutal strokes.  The pain
was so immense, Rebecca felt like she would die. 

	"You ass feels so good, Rebecca, I am going to fuck you everyday like this."
Michael repeatedly drove his cock into her ass viscously.  Each time the pain
was worse for Rebecca. "It hurts," she cried.  Each time Michael fucked into
her, Rebecca grunted and groaned in pain.  Her body went stiff as he bottomed
out into her aching bowels.  Michael loved to hear Rebecca beg and scream.  Her
body squirmed under his, her tightness around his cock milking it. 

	"NNOOO, more, please stop," as she could feel the head of his cock growing
bigger, stretching her anal tract.  She grunted and clenched her cheeks to stop
or slow him down, but it only increased Michael's pleasure as it squeezed the
blood from his cock.   The tightness of her ass made his cock-head more
sensitive as it moved deep her anal track.

	He enjoyed her pain-wracked body as he continued to forcefully fuck deep
inside her.  Rebecca stiffened from a cruel thrust, her stretched rectum spasm
around his cock, as she struggled to accommodate the thick cock in her ass.  She
sobbed, hoping that he would cum in her ass soon, the cock bring tremendous pain
to her asshole.  "Please hurry, Oh god, fuck me and get it over quickly" she
begged.

	Hearing Rebecca's begging, turned Michael on and he began to push deep into
her bowels, ready to blow a wad of cum into her asshole. 

	Rebecca felt Michael's cock expand and begin to shoot into her ass, forcing
her anal tract to expand in pain.  "OOOOWWWW" as his cock begin to shoot hot cum
deep into her colon, flooding her.  He continued to pound into her, forcing her
to milk the cum from his cock, the thick sperm filling her.  Rebecca shuddered
in pain from the brutal sodomizing.

	Michael rested on Rebecca, feeling her asshole clenching from the brutal
pain on his now shrinking cock.  He pulled his cock from defiled ass with a pop,
Rebecca slumping in exhaustion from the rape of her ass.  She turned red in
humiliation as Michael wiped his cock on her ass cheeks.  He bound her hands to
the top of the bed again, forcing Rebecca to lay in the pool of cum and blood
leaking from her raped asshole.

	"Sleep tight, Rebecca.  Dr. Marquis plans to torture your pussy tomorrow. 
After he is finished, I will rape it with my cock.   I am getting hard again
thinking about it."

(To be Continued)




PUSSY TORTURE OF REBECCA-CHAPTER 5

	Rebecca fell asleep, laying in a pool of cum and blood from her anal rape. 
In the morning, Michael came in and released her hands and allowed her to take a
shower.  When he returned, Rebecca was sitting on the bed, still naked.  No
clothes were given to her, so she tried to cover her breasts with her hands and
her legs were closed tightly.

	"Stand and hold your hands to your side.  Spread you legs open," he ordered. 
"You are not to try to cover yourself.  We own your body, you have no control
over it.  If you fail to obey, you will be punished with a whipping."

	Rebecca quickly stood up and stood as ordered.  She did not wish to be
whipped.  She hesitantly spread her legs. 

	"More," his hand slapping the inside of her thigh, forcing Rebecca to spread
her legs more, her pussy opening up.  "That is much better."  His hands moved
between her legs, rubbing her thighs, moving toward her spread pussy.  "Dr.
Marquis will be torturing your pussy today.  He has many ways to inflict pain on
a female's vagina.  You might think you pussy is very sensitive, but you will
soon find out how resilient it really is.  When he is finished torturing your
pussy, some of the other guards and myself are going to rape you tonight.  You
will be fucked by each of us at least twice before you are allowed to sleep
tonight.  You will especially like Miquel.  He has a ten-inch horse cock.  Not
only is it long, it is also very big around.  He can fuck for 20 minutes before
cumming. 

	"Hands behind your back."  Michael secured her wrists with handcuffs. 
Rebecca trembled in fear.  The enema torture had been painful enough, not she
feared what he would do to her vagina. She was led out of the room and down the
hall past the room she was in yesterday and stopped in front of a room called
"Examination Room 14".  She passed a number of guards who watched her tits
bounce as she walked.  She did not know if they were the ones that were going to
rape her tonight.  It did not matter, she was almost resolved to her fate.

	The room contained many tables and different contraptions, many Rebecca
could not fathom.  There was a standard gynecologist table, with stirrups and
straps attached to secure an uncooperative female.  Various chairs were secured
to the floor, straps for binding the occupant, the seats of the chair
non-existent.  When strapped in, a female's pussy and asshole would be spread
open for any abuse.  Rebecca looked up at the ceiling and again saw at least ten
men watching through the windows.  Her humiliation would be witnessed by many.

	Dr. Marquis stood up from his desk and motioned Michael to bring Rebecca
over to the gynecologist table.  "Spread her open on the table for me, make sure
she is secured tightly.  I don't want her to be able to move."

	Michael pushed over Rebecca to the table.  She did not attempt to fight, it
would do no good.  He took the handcuffs off of her.  "Get on the table and lay
on your back."  Rebecca climbed onto the table scooting up to get into the
position required.  She lay back down and was looking straight up at the men
watching her from above.  To the right she could see an image of herself on the
table from a very large mirror.  They wanted her to see her own humiliation and
torture.  Michael went to the head of the table and grabbed Rebecca's wrists
again.  Soon, she would be bound tightly again.  Her wrists were stretched up
high to the end of the table and slipped into the leather cuffs attached to the
corners.  Her arms were now spread high and to the corners of the table, unable
to move. 

	Michael reached down to Rebecca's breasts, grabbing her nipples between his
fingers.  "Your nipples are already hard in fear," his fingers pulling and
twisting them, making Rebecca moan in pain.  "That is for another day, spread
your legs and put them in the stirrups," he ordered Rebecca.

	Rebecca watched in the mirror as her legs spread open and raised up to slip
into the stirrups.  She could see her pussy spreading wider, the men in the
balcony watching her intensely. Michael moved to one leg and began to secure her
to the stirrup.  Straps tightened on her ankles.  The other leg was next and
finally a strap was attached over her stomach, forcing her tightly to the table. 
Michael again moved to the top of the table and attached a band around Rebecca's
head forcing her to look straight at the gallery and the mirror.  "If you close
your eyes, I will tape them open and that gets very painful after a while when
the moisture in your eyes dries up, so I would suggest you obey.  You will not
be warned again."

	"And how are we today, Rebecca?" asked Dr. Marquis.  He had moved between
her legs. "I am going to teach you what happens when you do not obey.  It will
be very painful for you so feel free to scream as loud as you want.  We all
enjoy your screams, especially when you start begging.  And you will start
begging for it to be over."

	"Let's get you into a better position first."  Dr. Marquis began to push
some buttons and Rebecca could hear the purr of motors starting.  The table at
the end where Dr. Marquis is began to retreat under, moving back until it only
supported her lower back.  The access to Rebecca's body from her waist down was
now open.  Another motor began, spreading the stirrups out from her body.  At
the same time they moved toward her head.  Her legs were now forced up and back,
spreading her pussy and anus open.  Her legs and crotch began to ache as she was
forced into an unnatural position.  They continued to move higher and back,
raising her body up.  She could see her pussy spread open wide and her anus was
now open and unprotected.  "Yes, that is very good," Dr. Marquis moving between
her legs, running his hands along her thighs, feeling the muscles tense up. 
"You are opening up very good," his hands moving up to her the area between her
pussy and anus.  He ran his fingers over her anus.

	"Don't any more, it hurts, you are splitting me open," she cried.

	"Soon, just a little more, your pussy lips are opening up. I can see your
pink insides.  Your tiny asshole is opening.  It looks like Michael had his cock
in your asshole last night.  Did you enjoy him fucking your asshole?  I here
that the guards are going to gang rape you tonight."

	The motors stopped, Rebecca stared in the mirror.  She was spread open, her
pussy and anus open to whatever abuse Dr. Marquis desired.  She could see the
men in the gallery.  It looked like they were masturbating their cocks as they
watched her.  Rebecca saw a flash of light, than another.  Someone was taking
pictures of her in this humiliating position.  Where would the pictures end up,
would they show up on the Internet?

	The Dr. ran his hands along her spread pussy lips.  "I would suggest you get
wet for me, or this will be a lot more painful.  I am going to insert various
instruments in you, open you up deep inside you and than begin to abuse you. 
Not only will I abuse you pussy on the outside, I will also torture inside your
pussy." 

	His fingers began to masturbate Rebecca, two fingers slipping inside of her
pussy.  This brought back fresh pain from the dildo that tore into her pussy
when she was riding the horse yesterday.  His other fingers pulled back the hood
off her clit and he began to pull and pinch it with two fingers.  Rebecca tried
to put the whole thing out of her mind, but all she could see is the men
watching her being masturbated against her will and her naked spread body.  Her
pussy began to get wet from the excitement she began to feel.

	"I can feel your pussy beginning to cream.  A little more," three fingers
now forced into her tight pussy, spreading her open as the fingers buried deep
into her.

	"Is she starting to cream herself, Dr. Marquis?" asked Michael.

	"Yes, she doing a good job, aren't you Rebecca?  Just a little more pussy
juice and we will be ready."  Rebecca began to turn red in embarrassment and
humiliation.  She was being forced to get wet so that they could torture her
pussy.

	"When you gang rape her tonight, force her to get wet for you first. She
must be forced to submit to you whenever you want, not when she wants."

	Dr. Marquis removed his hands from her pussy and raised one palm up and
slapped Rebecca hard on her spread pussy.

	"OOOOOWWWW, that hurts."

	Dr. Marquis slapped her pussy again, her juices spreading onto his outspread
palm.  He rubbed her pussy and slapped again.

	Dr. Marquis moved his tray of instruments between Rebecca's legs.  Rebecca
could not see but she could notice movement between her legs.  The first
instrument Dr. Marquis got was a speculum.  The one he chose was rather large
and he had put it into the freezer compartment for over two hours before he just
removed it.  He quickly took it, spread Rebecca's pussy open with his fingers
and pushed it deep into her body.

	Rebecca screamed at the unnatural invasion of her body by such a large and
very cold instrument.  He body trembled in pain and her nipples became erect
from the cold speculum.  It felt like someone was slicing her pussy open with a
knife. Dr. Marquis pushed the speculum deeper into her, twisting and turning it,
driving it in her pussy.  The edges began to tear at the walls of her vagina as
the Doctor twisted it.  It finally reached the end of her pussy, her pussy lips
spread tightly around the beginning.

	"Ohhh, God, that hurt so bad.  My vagina hurts from the pain and the cold."

	Dr. Marquis picked up another speculum, the same size and also from the
freezer.  Rebecca could not see his movement.  This time her asshole was forced
open by the cold speculum and brutally shoved deep into her anus, stretching her
rectum.  The rape of her asshole by the speculum brought about a fresh batch of
screams from Rebecca.  Her asshole tore as the Doctor pushed it deep into her
until her anus was now forced to stretch wide around it.

	Rebecca stared into the mirror, her vagina and anus now stretched tightly
around the speculums.  They were beginning to warm up inside her body but she
feared when Dr. Marquis would begin to open them.

	"I am going to open you up very wide, Rebecca.  It will be quite painful but
I need access to inside of you."  Dr. Marquis began to open the speculum,
forcing the walls of Rebecca's vagina to expand outward.  He continued to open
it, moans of pain coming from Rebecca's lips as her pussy was stretched. 

	"Oh, God, that hurts so bad, don't open it any more."

	"Just two more turns, Rebecca, and than it will be open the maximum.  You
must get used to the pain, tonight you will have some very large cocks in you
that will spread your pussy open."  Dr. Marquis turned the screw two more
twists, moans of pain coming from Rebecca as her pussy was now spread open more.

	When he reached the maximum, he locked it into place, Rebecca's gaping pussy
now open over three inches wide. 

	"Now for your asshole, it will also be opened wide."  Again the speculum was
opened, Rebecca's asshole stretching open, two inches and finally three inches. 
Dr. Marquis could see small drops of blood on Rebecca's asshole as it began to
tear from the stretching.  Rebecca's screams could be heard bouncing off the
walls.  The speculum was locked open. 

	Rebecca looked between the tears in her eyes and the pain in her head at her
spread body.  Her pussy and asshole were gaping open, forced to spread open by
the speculums. 

	Dr. Marquis grabbed a small clamp from the table.  Attached to the end was a
string.  He opened the clamp and moved to Rebecca's clit.  He grabbed the hood
back and snapped the clamp tight on it.  Rebecca screamed as the teeth bit into
her skin.  The Doctor ran the string up to one of the stirrups and began to pull
the slack in.  This forced her hood to spread back, laying her clit open to the
Doctor's abuse.

	Dr. Marquis picked up a small pencil like device with a power cord running
off the back.  The tip was very pointed.  "This is an electrical device that
will send a electrical charges where ever I touch with it.  I can adjust the
voltage from a mild sting to a very sharp and powerful charge of electricity,
capable of burning the skin.  I am going to use it on your pussy, your asshole
and your clit.  You will begin to sing for me soon, your screams will bring
pleasure to all that are watching."

	"Don't touch me with that, I will do anything, just don't use it on me,"
begged Rebecca.  "I will fuck you all, suck your cocks, let you fuck me in the
ass, just don't shock me."

	"We will do that to you anyway, Rebecca.  Now it is time for your torture." 
Dr. Marquis moved the wand toward Rebecca's spread pussy.  He first set the
power to low.  He moved it to her exposed clit.  Rebecca cringed as she felt it
touch her clit, waiting for the jolt of pain.  The Doctor sent the first charge
into Rebecca's clit, the electricity running through her body, a sudden pain
shooting through her loins, her body jumping from the pain.  He moved it over
her clit again and shot her another jolt.  The wand moved down her pussy lips,
the Doctor sending jolts as he moved closer to her opened pussy. Rebecca's
screams were constant as the wand continued its descent. 

	The wand entered her spread pussy, pushing into her pussy, sending jolts of
electricity against the walls of her pussy.  Rebecca's pussy began to spasm,
reacting to the electricity.  This caused Rebecca more pain because of the
speculum stretching her open. The wand entered deeper, pushing against her
cervix, a charge of electricity jolting her again. 

	"Now for your asshole, Rebecca.  Than it will be time to increase the
voltage."  The wand left her pussy, but gave her clit one last jolt before
running around her stretched anus, jolting the skin, forcing more pain into
Rebecca's body.  It pushed into her anus, running along her anal tract,
shocking, deeper and deeper into her rectum.  Rebecca was beginning to get
hoarse from the screams.  It pushed deep into her colon, shocking her. 
Rebecca's body began to shine from the sweat.   

	Rebecca's body jumped continually on the table as Dr. Marquis shocked her
body with the probe.  The intensity was now set on high and Rebecca's screams
shattered the silence in the room.  Her pussy was sent in spasms as the speculum
kept her spread wide and the electricity forced her pussy to shrink from the
probe.

	Michael went over to Rebecca's head and stroked her face.  "How does that
feel, Rebecca, I bet it really hurts as Dr. Marquis shocks your pussy and
asshole?  You are going to be very sore inside tonight so when we rape you, it
will hurt even worse."

	Rebecca cringed in pain as Michael stroked her and Dr. Marquis continued to
shock her body. 

	"Michael, let's make Rebecca cum as I torture her.  Come over her and
masturbate her as I shock her."

	Michael stood to the side of Rebecca and began to masturbate Rebecca,
grabbing her clit and teasing it with his fingers, pulling and twisting it.  At
the same time, Dr. Marquis would send the probe deep into her asshole and hold
the button down, sending the maximum charge into her colon.  Rebecca felt she
was going to shit herself as her colon reacted to the electricity abusing her. 

	"Before Dr. Marquis will stop the probe, you are going to have to cum for us
Rebecca.  Forget the pain and watch the men above you as I masturbate you. 
Think of all of the hard cocks enjoying your pussy torture.  Give us your pussy
juice and cum," Michael urged Rebecca.

	Rebecca tried to let her mind leave her body but it was hard.  Dr. Marquis
would continually force the probe into her body, sending the charges into her
tender pussy and asshole.  The continual stretching of the speculums abused her
pussy and asshole, forced wide open.  Michael pulled her clit, forcing her pussy
to get wet.  The abuse on Rebecca over the last days was forcing her to get hot
over the pain mixed with the pleasure.  They were teaching Rebecca to become a
pain slut. 

	Michael's fingers became more insistent as he began to notice that Rebecca
was beginning to react to the torture and the masturbation.  He pinched and
pulled her clit harder, flicking it with his fingers, igniting sharp pain in her
clit, forcing Rebecca's body to push against her restraints. 

	"AAAGGGGHHH, please, harder, make me cum and stop the pain," she begged her
pussy getting wetter, making the probe work better as the electricity followed
the path of the wetness.  In her pussy, then back to her asshole, the probe
pushed deep into her, leaving its path of pain.

	"OOOOOHHH, GGGGGGOOOOODDD, I'm cumming," yelled Rebecca as Michael grabbed
her clit between his fingers and pulled and squeezed it as tight as he could. 
Dr. Marquis pushed the probe against her clit, shooting a long continual jolt of
electricity into her enlarged clit. This pushed Rebecca over the edge, her
orgasm overtaking her, her pussy and asshole thrilled by the speculums spreading
her wide.

	Michael again ran his fingers over her body, bathed in sweat from the pain
and pleasure they forced her to accept.  "That was good Rebecca, you are a good
girl to cum for us."  His fingers ran over her breasts, pinching and pulling on
her sensitive nipples, making them become erect again.  "Dr. Marquis is almost
through with you, just a little more pain and you can go back to your room and
clean up.  Than it's a gang rape for you tonight."

	"No more, I came for you, leave me alone, I can't stand any more pain," her
eyes pleading as tears rolled from her eyes.

	"Your pussy can take a lot more abuse.  I have this lovely dildo that I am
going to force into your tight pussy.  Inside are spring-loaded clips that will
force out the sides when I release the spring.  It will be very painful, even
more so when I begin to fuck you with it.  It will tear up your pussy walls. 
When they rape you tonight, the hard cocks will open up the fresh wounds and you
will fuck like a fresh virgin.  Your movements will force even greater cruelty
by the guards.  They love to hear the anguish of a freshly rape women."

	Rebecca screamed in pain as Dr. Marquis released the speculums and pulled
they from her body.  Michael ran his fingers over her recently spread pussy and
asshole.

	"See Rebecca, your pussy is still wet. It is waiting for the Doctors dildo
to cut inside your pussy.  You are going to be forced to cum again as the dildo
rapes you."

	Dr. Marquis moved between Rebecca's spread legs, a huge dildo in his hand. 
Rebecca watched as Dr. Marquis hit the button and out of the sides popped eight
one-inch metal spikes.  They were tipped with a barbed end.  Michael spread
Rebecca's pussy lips wide as Dr. Marquis lowered the dildo to her pussy and
began to push it into her body.

	Rebecca moaned in pain as her freshly abused pussy was again forced to open
up to a huge instrument of torture.   The initial pain was not as bad because
her pussy had not shrunk down from the speculum.  She knew the real pain would
be when the dildo was opened in her and when she was fucked with it.

	The huge dildo raped into her pussy, spreading her wide as it forced deeper
into her body.  Dr. Marquis had to use considerable force to get her pussy to
accept it.  When he was satisfied that it pushed against her cervix.

	"Are you ready for the real pain, Rebecca?  I am going to pop the barbs
open.  I want to her you scream in pain.  When you screams die down, I will
begin to rape you with it.  That should bring about fresh screams from your
lips."  Dr. Marquis pushed the button sending the barbs out wide, stretching
Rebecca's pussy wider than possible.

	Rebecca could not believe the pain coming from her vagina.  It felt like a
knife had stabbed deep into her, tearing her vagina open.  Her screams rang out
as her pussy was spread wide by the barbs.  Just as the sharp pain began to
become a dull ache, Dr. Marquis began to saw the dildo in and out of her pussy,
raping her with it.  Her screams began again, her pussy abraded with the barbs,
tearing and ripping her tender vagina.

	Michael stood over her head again and whispered into her ear.  "Let you body
accept the pain.  When you cum again, Dr. Marquis will stop the dildo rape." 
His fingers began the relentless masturbation of her clit again. 

	Rebecca let the pleasure and pain mix together as Dr. Marquis continued to
tear her pussy with the barbed dildo.  He would rotate the dildo as he fucked
her with it, forcing the barbs to tear new parts of the pussy.  Her screams were
constant, now mixed with the pleasure of an upcoming orgasm beginning to form. 
Michael was abusing her clit painfully, but that is what Rebecca needed to cum. 

	The rape and masturbation of Rebecca continued until she finally screamed in
passion as the pain and pleasure mixed into one final orgasm.  Michael removed
Rebecca from her bondage and allowed her to go back to the room.

	"Clean up and I will be back in an hour.  It will be time for your gang
rape," ordered Michael and left Rebecca to clean up.

(TO BE CONTINUED)




Rape of Rebecca-Chapter 6

	Rebecca had taken a shower and cleaned up but she could just barely
walk.  The rape with the spiked dildo had abused her pussy so bad, each step
brought new pain.  She had dressed in panties and bra, that being the only
clothes left her.  She sat on the bed, waiting the sound of feet coming down the
hall.  That meant her pain would begin again.

	The noise of Michael's feet and the sound of the cell door opening
brought fresh gasps to Rebecca's lips. 

	"Stand up, cunt.  It is time to go to a party.  Your rape party." 
Michael pulled her to her feet and turned her around.  Rebecca felt the cuffs
being placed on her wrists and the sound of metal closing tightly, her wrists
now bound tightly together.  She would not be able to defend herself.  She was
pushed out the cell, Michael following her, watching her ass swing as they went
down the hall.  His cock was hard, knowing that he would soon being driving it
up her cunt.

	Michael stopped her in front of the last door on the floor.  He could
hear voices inside, they were waiting for her.  "In you go, cunt, they are
waiting for you."  He opened the door and pushed Rebecca in.

	"No, please don't," she cried as she saw what was inside.  The floor was
covered in mattresses and there was ten naked men standing around the room.  All
of them had massive cocks, all erect and hard, some watching Rebecca, stroking
their cock to even greater proportions.  The smallest cock had to be at least
ten inches and one of them had a cock that had to be at least fourteen inches
long and four inches around.

	"Gentlemen, this is Rebecca, the main attraction for this weeks rape
party."  Michael unsnapped her cuffs from in the back.  Michael began to run his
hands over Rebecca's stomach, moving up to her bra-encased breasts.  He could
feel her body tremble, knowing that soon her body would be violated with no
regard to her feelings, in fact they would do their utmost to make sure that it
was extremely painful as they fucked her.  His hands moved up to her bra, his
large hands squeezing them painfully.  Rebecca could see cocks get bigger as she
cried out in pain.  They would enjoy her pain.  His hands tore her bra from her
body, red marks left on her shoulders as it tore and fell to the floor.  Her
breasts shook as they were freed from their confines.

	Michael's hands returned to her breasts, his hands rubbing against her
nipples, her body betraying herself already as they harden from the manipulation
by Michael.  He pulled them from her body, her tits stretching out to a cone,
her gasps of pain filling the room as the tender nipples were pulled and
pinched.  He released her nipples and his fingers moved down her stomach and
into her panties.  "Spread your legs open very wide," he ordered.  His hand
pushed her panties down her legs and she obeyed, her legs opening wide.  Michael
pushed one finger into her pussy, already wet in anticipation of her own rape.

	"OHHH, GGGGGOODDDDD, that hurts," his finger pushing deep into her
pussy, opening up the fresh wounds of the barbed dildo rape.

	"Watch her pain as I finger fuck the bitch.  The dildo really tore up
her pussy.  When you fuck her she is going to bounce around like a bucking
bronco, trying to escape your cocks.  You will think she is a virgin.  She will
scream so loud."

	His finger became two, now pushed into her, her legs coming together,
hoping to stop the pain, but only succeeding in trapping the two fat fingers in
her pussy, tearing along her pussy wall.  Michael reached out with his other
hand and slapped her ass hard, turning red almost instantaneously.  "Keep the
legs spread wide, I don't care how much it hurts.  If you don't cooperate, I am
going to tie you to our special chair and run the whip up into your spread pussy
and clit."

	Rebecca immediately opened her pussy wide again, the pain of a pussy
whipping just too much to fathom.  "MMMMM,GGGRRRR, OOOOWWWW," she moaned as the
fingers continued the masturbation of her pussy.

	Michael pulled his fingers out, glistening from the pussy juice she was
forced to produce from Michael's masturbation.  "See how wet the cunt is," his
fingers pushed into Rebecca's mouth, forcing her to suck and clean them with her
tongue.  Michael pulled his fingers from her mouth and pushed Rebecca toward the
other men.

	"Have fun, but I get her first, on the floor, doggy style, I will take
her as she is, a bitch."  Rebecca was pushed down onto the floor, her knees
hitting the mattress hard, a hand pushing down on her head, forcing her down
onto her hands.  Her thighs were slapped until she opened them, another slap to
the insides signaling her to spread wider.  Rebecca complied submissively, her
thighs spreading wider.  Her pussy began to open from behind as her ass cheeks
parted.  Her anus peeked out, a hand slapping her ass forcing her to spread
wider. 

	"Reach back and spread yourself open, cunt, let's see that slutty cunt
and asshole we are going to rape," Michael ordered her, his hand slapping on her
ass, her cheek turning red from the abuse.  Rebecca reached back and
submissively obeyed, spreading herself open, her pink pussy glistening, wet in
fear and anticipation.  Her cheeks spread apart, her anus red and swollen from
the previous rapes.

	"Look at the pussy, all ready for a fucking.  The good Doctor really
tore it up this afternoon."  Michael's hands reached down between Rebecca's
legs.  "Keep yourself spread while I get you wet."  His fingers began to run
over her pussy, her pussy lips spread back by Rebecca's hands.  His fingers
searched out her clit, pulling her clit hood back, exposing her now hard and
erect clit to his abuse.  His fingers ran roughly over Rebecca's body, abusing
her flesh.  His fingers began to glisten from the pussy juice put out my
Rebecca's body.

	"Look, the Bitch is getting wet, even though she knows we are going to
rape the shit out of her."  The other guards hand slapped her ass, making her
jump, pushing her pussy deeper into Michael's masturbating fingers.

	Michael pinched her clit hard between his fingers, forcing Rebecca to
raise her ass to escape the pain, but giving them better access to her spread
body.  "NNNNUUUUTTHH, please stop, that hurts," Rebecca cried.  Her body was
betraying her again, she could feel her pussy juices begin to run down her
thighs.

	She could feel Michael moving behind her, her head down, buried in her
arms, not wanting to see what was going to happen to her.  She felt so
humiliated, forced to her knees, her ass raised up in the air, seemingly asking
to be fucked like a whore.  She felt Michael's hard cock rub up and down her
pussy slit, her pussy juice lubricating it for her own rape. 

	"Hold the Bitch, my cock is going to tear into her pussy."  One guard
grabbed Rebecca's arms, pulling them out, holding them tightly by the wrists. 
Another pushed her neck down with his hand, her ass up, ready for her rape.  She
felt her pussy begin to spread as Michael's cock begin to enter her.  Her juices
allowed easy entrance and Michael grabbed her by the hair, pulling her back onto
his cock and forcefully raped his cock into her pussy in one hard and painful
thrust into her already torn pussy.

	The others watched as Rebecca tried to raise her head up as she began to
scream.  "GGGRRUUUGGG, UUUGGGH, OOOOWWW," she screamed as it felt like a giant
baseball bat was shoved into her pussy.  The barbed dildo had done its work
well, the cuts in her pussy were reopened with the battering cock pushed into
her, the hard cock opening the wounds, blood on his cock as he tore it from her
body.

	Michael pulled his cock until Rebecca's pussy gripped it tightly by the
head, waited for a second and then put all his weight behind the next thrust
into her hot pussy.  He pulled her hair back, forcing her ass against him as his
cock plowed again into her pained pussy, his cock hitting bottom pushed tightly
against her cervix as it tore into her again. 
	
	"Oh, God, your tearing me open, take it out, pppllllleeeassee, don't
hurt me, OOOWWW," the cock pulling out again.  It pushed back in again, knocking
the wind out of Rebecca's lungs as she tried to scream as the hard cock
brutalized her pussy.  Her pussy gripped his cock tightly, the hard cock
stretching her wide.  He began to pump his cock into her pussy faster and
faster.  The others held her tightly as Michael brutalized her body with his
cock, reaming her pussy out with his cock.  Each time he would pull his cock
out, her pussy would grip it tightly in pain.  He would than push it back into
her pussy, spreading her pussy walls, tearing at her insides as he raped her
again and again. 
	
	Michael's hand slapped Rebecca's ass cheek, turning it red and hot as he
continued to brutally rape her.  Hands held her down, forcing her to submit to
the punishing cock in her pussy.  He speeded up his rape, his cock beginning to
feel the first urges of a cum.  He pushed his cock in hard, pushing against her
cervix painfully, forcing Rebecca's pussy to accept the raping cock.  "Get ready
for your first load of cum, Bitch."  Michael pushed his cock deep into Rebecca's
pussy, pulled her head back by her hair, forcing her to arch her back high,
opening herself up more to his cock as it began to shoot into her pussy.
	
	"OOOHHH, GGGOOODDD, that hurts so badddd, please, no more," Rebecca
cried in pain as Michael's cock grew bigger as it began to cum deep into her
pussy.  She could feel the first jet of hot cum fill her, her pussy tightening
down on the cock in reaction to the pain it was inflicting on her body.  Again,
a second shot of cum filled her pussy, his cock now beating deep into her on
each stroke, shooting cum as he raped her. 
	
	Michael pushed his cock in deep one final time, holding it deep in her
pussy as he shot the last of his load of cum in her pulsating pussy, the pain
forcing her body to squeeze his cock as it brutalized her pussy.  Michael could
feel Rebecca shudder in pain as her pussy was filled with cum, some leaking out
and running down her thighs.  Hands continued to hold her body in the submissive
position, bent over, her ass in the air, a hard cock filling her with his cum.
	
	Michael slapped her ass hard as he pulled his cock from her pussy with a
loud popping noise, "you're a good fuck, cunt.  The rest of you can have her
now, just make sure she is still breathing when you are finished."  As Michael
left the room, he could hear Rachel scream.
	
	Hands had grabbed her and turned her over onto her back, knees pushing
her thighs apart, her arms grabbed and pulled over her head.  She felt one of
the men between her legs, rubbing his cock up and down her cum soaked pussy, his
hands grabbing her thighs, pulling her legs open and back, spreading her open
for the next rape.  "AAAAAWWWW, OOOOHHH, its too biiggggg,   OOOOWWw," she
screamed in pain as the next rapist took her body.  His cock was bigger than
Michael's, forcing her pussy to open even wider, the cuts from the barbed dildo
opening more, the pain beginning again.  It pushed deep into her body in one
giant and painful thrust, forcing her to accept all eleven inches of hard cock. 
As she began to scream again, fingers pried her mouth wide and a cock was forced
in, pushing deep until it reached her throat.  Another one of the men had
straddled her chest, his cock now embedded in her mouth, her lips stretched wide
around the giant cock.  Her screams were now muffled by the mouth raping cock as
her pussy was plundered. 
	
	"Suck it good, cocksucker, or I will whip your pussy," his cock pushing
deeper into her mouth, making Rebecca cough and gag as she was forced to swallow
the giant cock in her mouth.  Her tongue ran over the cock, hoping to make him
cum fast, her gagging and choking squeezing down on the cock as it forced itself
into her throat until it was buried deep into her throat, his balls resting on
her chin.  She now had all of the cock in her mouth, her oxygen supply cut off,
the pulsating cock deep inside her.  She could feel the other cock thrusting
deep and fast into her pussy, raping her as she struggled for air.  Her body
jerked around, trying to survive, but only giving greater pleasure to her
rapists as they continued their non-stop rape of her body. 
	
	The cock pulled from her throat, allowing Rebecca a chance to suck in a
large quantity of air.  Her ass was pushed deep into the mattress as the cock
forced itself deep into her pussy and than the cock in her mouth again pushed in
deep, Rebecca grabbing one last breath of air as she gagged as it forced itself
into her throat, stretching it wide.  Again, she was deprived of air as they
continued to rape her mouth and pussy.  Her body shook in pain, her tongue
running quickly over the cock filling her mouth, her pussy grasping the cock
tightly, hoping to make them both cum.  Rebecca could feel the cocks swell as
they began to cum.  The cock pulled from her throat, forcing Rebecca to taste
the vile and hot cum as it shot into her mouth.  She swallowed quickly as her
mouth was continually filled with what felt like gallons of cum.  The cock in
her pussy began to shoot, adding to the cum already embedded deep inside her,
spilling out of her pussy as it continued to rape her.
	
	"GGGASSSPP,  Ccooougghh, GaGGGGG," Rebecca choked on the thick, hot cum
forced into her mouth and down her throat.  The cock pulled from her mouth and
pussy and Rebecca rolled over, gagging and choking as she tried to swallow the
cum in her mouth. 
	
	"Please, no more, my pussy hurts too bad, let me rest," Rebecca begged
as she felt new hands run over her body.  A new man lay down on the mattress
beside her, his fourteen-inch cock sticking out from his body like a telephone
pole.
	
	"Climb on my cock, put it into your pussy and get ready for the best
fuck you ever head.  My tree trunk is going to fill your pussy," he ordered her,
hands helping to lift her up onto him.  She felt a whip hit her ass, bringing a
fresh scream of pain from Rebecca.  "Do it or else," she was ordered, the whip
striking her ass again. 
	
	Rebecca reached between her legs, grabbed the massive cock and rubbed it
over her cum soaked pussy lips.  She pushed the bulbous head of the cock into
her pussy, stretching it wide again.  She gently lowered herself down onto the
cock, the pain spreading as the cock pushed deeper into her body.  The whip
landed on her ass, "YYYIIIPPP," she yelled her ass pushing forward to escape the
cruel lash of the whip, forcing her pussy to spread painfully to accept the
raping cock.  Again the whip beat her ass, her pussy now forced to accept all
fourteen-inches of hard cock.  It felt like a giant telephone pole was pushed
into her pussy.
	
	Rebecca's head was pulled up and as Rebecca looked forward, another cock
was pushed between her lips, stretching them wide to accept the girth of the
monster cock placed between them.  Her tongue reached out and began to lick the
head, the taste of precum filling her mouth.  Hands grabbed her head, forcing
her down on the hard cock.  She would not be allowed to suck the cock in the
mouth, her mouth would be used like a pussy, to be forcefully raped.  The cock
began its descent into her throat, her gagging and coughing pleasuring her
rapist. 
	
	Hands grabbed her ass, pulling her ass cheeks apart, exposing her
swollen and red anus, testimony to its previous rapes.  Rebecca muffled cries of
protest were stopped by the raping cock in her mouth as she tried to protest the
rape of her asshole.  She felt the head of cock placed on her anus and
forcefully enters her rectum.  Her scream of pain did not deter her ass rapist
as the cock continued to tear into her asshole, blood forming on the cock,
making the rape easier as it pushed deeper into her body.  Rebecca's body began
to cramp from the large cocks now embedded deep into her groin, one in her
pussy, waiting to begin its rape, the other in her asshole, tearing a path into
her colon, spreading a path open in her body.  The cock pushed deep into her
colon, coming to rest, feeling like a sword had pierced her asshole.  She now
held three massive cocks in her body, her brain failing to register the pain
they were inflicting on her body. 
	
	"Everyone start fucking the Bitch, let's show the cunt what a cock can
do," one of them yelled.  The cock in her ass began to pull out, feeling like a
giant vacuum, sucking out her guts.  The cock in her mouth pulled out, her lungs
gasping to fill with air, and the final cock in her pussy pushed in, meeting the
cock in her asshole as they both drove their cocks into her body, threatening to
tear her open.  They began to buffet Rebecca between the punishing cocks, each
trying to beat the other in inflicting the most pain on Rebecca. 
	
	Rebecca's brain flashed in pain, her body unable to react to the brutal
rape they were inflicting on her.  Her insides felt like they were torn, her
mouth and throat now raw and aching from the second rape in such a short time. 
The cocks continued to rape her, until she felt them getting bigger, her body
forced to accept the hot cum filling her up.  Her colon began to fill with the
hot cum, her mouth choking as it tried to swallow the copious amount of cum
filling it and her pussy now blasted with its third load.  The pounding of her
body continued as her rapists emptied their cum into her body.  Her asshole and
pussy grasped onto the cocks as they were pulled from her body, the brutal
fucking making them spasm in pain.  Rebecca fell to the mattress in exhaustion,
her body in pain.
	
	Rebecca shrieked in pain as she was forced flat down on the mattress, a
heavy body spread over her, knees painfully forced between her legs, opening her
up again.  She felt the body raise up, grab his cock and push it between her ass
cheeks, aiming for her raped asshole.  He pushed in violently, spearing Rebecca
with his cock, her scream filling the room as her anus tore, blood running down
her thighs as the cock pushed into her rectum, forcing itself deeper into her
colon.  The cock began the rape of her asshole, the second time in less than 20
minutes.  The cock began to push hard into her, his stomach slapping against her
ass cheeks, his balls battering her pussy as he rapidly fucked her asshole.  He
extracted screams from Rebecca's lips as each time he would changed the angle of
his cock thrust, making Rebecca feel new pain as the cock would reach new,
untouched parts of her colon.  She looked up and saw the others watching her
pained expressions on her face, their cocks again springing into erection.  She
knew that her ordeal was far from over.   She would be raped many more times
before they would be finished with her.
	
	Rebecca was raped over 30 times that night.  Each man would take her in
each of her orifices, her ass, cunt and mouth before they were finished.  She
had to take them alone, in pairs and sometimes all three at once.  One time, she
was forced to take two cocks in her pussy at one time, her pussy stretching so
far that it began to tear.  Her screams only excited them into more painful ways
to torment her.  Rebecca was raped for over four hours until her body was left,
exhausted and spent.  Cum was dripping out of all of her orifices, soaking the
mattress, mixed with her blood.  She had to be held up and carried back to her
room, her legs unable to walk. 
	
(To Be Continued)




SEXUAL TORTURE OF REBECCA AT PSYCHIATRIC

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This story is about a "rich bitch" that became more trouble to her family.  Her
family sends her to be cured, but the treatment includes rape, humiliation,
bondage and torture. If you liked this story, please send us an e-mail to me at
controlher@hotmail.com.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CHAPTER 7-The RapeHorse


	"I think you understand the situation Congressmen.  I thought I would
bring this to your attention without your wife.  Women do not understand the
things we have to do.  They are only good for one thing, they were built with a
cunt, to be used for mans pleasure only.  We have investigated your past and we
have discovered that you have a tendency to like younger girls.  You also like
to use them and in fact abuse them.  Rebecca has been with us for a while and we
have enjoyed her very much.  She has not enjoyed the time as much as we have but
that is her place in life.  We thought you might enjoy coming down for the
weekend.  We are also a medical training hospital and we are going to be doing
some training this weekend involving Rebecca.  We only use female subjects for
our training and experimentation.  It makes it so much more stimulating for the
male doctors.  Besides, only women should be tortured, not men.  Their bodies
are built that way, so readily accessible for torture and abused."  Dr. Marquis
had called the Congressman on the phone, hoping that he was correct about him.

	James thought he had been very discrete, travelling outside the country
for his enjoyment.  There were so many countries were for only a small amount of
money (at least small as far as he was concerned) a man would be able to acquire
just about anything he would want regarding the flesh of a female.  In Thailand,
young virgin girls could be had as young as six.  Fathers gave them up for the
money.  He usually preferred young girls with budding breasts and bald pussies. 
Virgins were preferred, wanting to see the look on their faces as they were
raped for the first time.  His cock was already hard.  They were going to
torture Rebecca and they were asking him to watch.  Yes, she was his daughter
but that did not mean anything.  Her sister was the perfect daughter, doing
everything to please her father, unlike Rebecca, which always tried to rebel
against him.  There was a reason for this.  He had been training Heather since
she was young.  He was the first to take her virginity, fucking her one night
while his wife was gone on a trip.  From then on, she became very submissive,
doing anything that he desired.  Whenever his wife was out of town, Heather
would find herself bound tightly, naked, waiting for his cock.  She had learned
to suck his cock and take his cock in her tight asshole, milking the cum from
his balls.  He often whipped and beat her, physically abusing her young, tight
body.  She hated it, but had learned her place in life, to service the males in
her life.  He had tried this with Rebecca, but she had rebuffed him.  She never
let him forget what he had to tried to do to her. 

	"Yes, I would love to visit for the weekend.  I would enjoy that very
much."  He would love to see her pay for she had deprived him of.

	"I think we might find a suitable candidate among our patients to be
available for your use over the weekend.  We have a lovely girl that was just
brought to us last week.  She has hardly been used and is easily manageable.  I
think you will find that she will perform whatever you desire."  Dr. Marquis
smiled.  He had been right about the Congressman.  He had similar tastes.

	James arrived early Friday, not wanting to miss anything.  Dr. Marquis
was surprised when James was ushered into his office.  With him was an
eighteen-year-old beauty, similar in looks to Rebecca, both having red hair.

	"Welcome, Congressman, may I assume that this is Heather, Rebecca's
sister?  Dr. Marquis smiled, this would be all the more interesting. 
"Stephanie, would you have Michael come to my office, immediately?"

	"Yes, sir, he is already here, I will send him in."

	Michael walked in, a smile on his face when he saw Heather.  "Ah, I
presume the other half, Congressman.  May we enjoy her this weekend?

	Heather looked dumbfounded, not knowing what was going on.  She was told
that they were going to visit Rebecca.  She did not want to go, knowing that
since her mother was gone, Dad would want her sexually again.  She hated it when
he did those things to her, but she would not dare disobey her father.  She
looked questionably at her father.

	"I brought her as a present for you and Doctor Marquis, for inviting me. 
I thought it would be interesting to have her perform for you while we watch
Rebecca.  She can be stubborn at times, but I am sure that you have ways to make
her obey."

	"Now honey, I want you to obey these gentlemen while we are here and do
whatever they want you to do.  You obey so well for me, I expect you to do the
same for them.  If you don't, they have a way to persuade lovely female flesh
like you to behave.  You will see what happens when a female body is punished. 
We are not here to visit Rebecca, but to see her experimented on.  This is a
teaching hospital and Rebecca is going to be part of an experiment.  I am not
sure what it will be, but I am sure that it will be very stimulating."

	"Please, Daddy, don't let them do anything to me.  I do whatever you
want, but not them, please not them," she cried, frightened at what they
intended to do to her.  If they were anything like her father, she would be
raped in her mouth, pussy and asshole.  She knew it would hurt, it always did
when her father did it to her.  He always seemed to make sure that it did, his
mouth covering hers as she screamed.  She always felt his cock twitch when she
screamed, the pain making him harder.

	James reached out and slapped her face, her head swinging to the side. 
"Behave or these men will really hurt you.  You don't want that, do you?"

	"No, daddy, please don't let them hurt me," her eyes lighting up like a
hunted doe, knowing that something evil was going to happen.

	Michael reached over to Heather, his arm of her shoulder, pulling her
towards him, his other hand reaching behind her, on her back.  He slowly let it
fall, running down over her ass, pushing her towards the door, his fingers
grasping her ass meat.  "Let's go watch Rebecca," out the door and down the hall
to the gallery. 

	James and Dr. Marquis followed, watching Heather's body shake in fear as
she was led down the hall, Michael's hand running over her ass as if he owned
her. 

	They entered a large room.  In the center was a railing surrounding a
large whole in the floor.  When James looked down, they were slightly above the
room below.  They were in the observation room and had an unobstructed view of
below. 

	"Below is where Rebecca will be brought into.  This room will fill up
soon with some of our student doctors.  Today, we are doing an experiment for
the United States Army.  With a war in Iraq possible and the increasing use of
female combatants, the army wants to see how much pain and torture a female can
bear.  It has always been said that women can stand pain better, thought to be
proven by the pain women receive during childbirth.  The army wants to see what
the pain thresholds are, especially when rape is involved.  They want to be able
to see what would the results be if any of our female soldiers are captured and
tortured."  Dr. Marquis pointed down to the room below.

	"In a few minutes, a specially designed machine will be brought in. 
This control panel over here will operate all of its functions and James, you
might have the opportunity to operate it.  This machine is designated the
RapeHorse.  It was developed by our staff of extremely horny doctors.  It has
been designed for the maximum amount of humiliation, pleasure and pain, The
victim will be strapped in tightly, unable to move any part of her body.  As you
see, the room below has many mirrors around it, allowing the victim to see her
own reflection as the machine rapes her.  This is designed to increase her
humiliation as she is forced to cum from a machine.  There is also a camera in
this room, with the images shown on a television screen in front of her showing
exactly what is happening up here as she is mechanically raped and tortured. 
She will be able to see her father getting sexually aroused from her rape and
her sister being molested for the enjoyment of us watching her.  And then there
is the other doctors here, stroking their cocks, masturbating to her pain.  I
will explain the features of the machine when it is brought in.  In the
meantime, Congressman, let me introduce you to your companion, as I promised. 
	
	James watched a she was brought into the room.  A girl was brought into
the room, a frightened look on her face.
	
	"This is Jessica.  Her parents sold her to us last week.  She has been
her for only a few days and has been barely used.  We leave the terror in them
for as long as possible, so we take their ravishment slowly.  I thought with
your specific love of young flesh, she would do quite nicely.  She has not been
trained so she is reluctant, but I thought you would enjoy that.  It is always
nice to make a young girl perform against her will.  I sure you enjoyed that in
Heather.  Daughters are so much easier to force."  Jessica stood before them
trembling, looking in fear at the three men.  She looked over at Heather and saw
the same fear in her eyes.  Jessica was about 5"2", slender build, long skinny
legs, thighs not yet filled out.  Her tits were just small lumps on her chest,
just starting to bud out.  She was bra-less, not having anything to support. 
She wore a white school girl button down blouse and a blue plaid schoolgirl
skirt.  Dr. Marquis figured the Congressman would like the effect.  She wore
sneakers and socks, accenting her appearance.  Her ass was flat, her hips not
yet formed.
	
	James grabbed his cock, straightening it out in his pants as it rose to
erection, the sight of Jessica inflaming his lust.  It was worth the trade for
Heather.  He would enjoy Jessica very much, Heather being too docile.  He knew
that Jessica would put up a fight and he would have many opportunities to punish
her for it.  "Come her Jessica, come over here."
	
	Dr. Marquis pushed on Jessica's back, forcing her over to James.  She
hesitantly moved toward him, his big open hands waiting for her.  She knew that
she would not like this.  Every since she was brought her by her parents, the
men had done many things to her innocent body.   She was no longer a virgin,
Michael having forced her to strip naked and display her body to him.  It had
required a spanking to convince her to do it.  He then spread her on the bed and
took her virginity with his large cock with brutal force, ripping through her
hymen like it was butter with his cruel cock.  After that it was a daily ritual
of breakfast, then the rape of her body again.  At night, her room door would be
opened, the darkness hiding the face of her rapist.  The blankets would be torn
from her body, her legs spread and her pussy speared again by a hard cock.  The
only sounds in the room being her groans of pain and the slapping of flesh as
the cock tore into her tight body.   Morning would find her in bed, cum still
leaking from her swollen sex.  A quick shower, breakfast and then the rape by
Michael again.
	
	"We gave you a little help in the persuasion department with Jessica. 
This morning, we inserted a punishment egg in her asshole.  Michael tells me
that she was quite distressed about this as he did it.  Her is the remote.  It
has setting from one to ten, one being the lowest.  It will generate an
electrical charge in the egg, in the case, in her asshole.  A one is only a
minor charge, a ten could result in making her heart skip a beat it is so
severe.  Besides making the victim of the charge very submissive, we have also
found that it produces very desirable effects when fucking.  She would squeeze
your cock very hard, depending on the setting as her asshole is thrilled with
the electricity.  It will give you also a minor charge, nothing like what she
would feel.  Just remember that if you decided to fuck her asshole, since she is
still an anal virgin, you might enjoy that very much, remove the egg first, but
put it back in when you are finished."  Dr. Marquis handed the remote to James.
	
	James grabbed the remote, putting his arm around sweet little Jessica. 
"I would like you to feel the egg, hold me tightly while I push the button."  He
grabbed her tightly, feeling her bracing for the charge.  He pushed the button,
the setting on one and felt her body jerk, her hips seem to be fucking the air
as he held the button down for thirty seconds.  He saw tears in her eyes, her
mouth shut tight, bearing up to the pain radiating inside her asshole.  "Yes, I
like that, we are going to use this very often, aren't we Jessica?" 
	
	Michael's hand was still caressing Heather's ass.  "Does Daddy fuck your
ass, Heather?"  He waited for an answer.
	
	"Yes, when I have my period, he puts it in my behind."
	
	"Does it hurt, Heather, does it hurt when Daddy fucks your asshole?"
	
	"Yes, I don't like it.  It hurts too much, Daddy is very big."
	
	"You must have a tiny, tight asshole, Heather, you don't mind if I check
do you?"  His hand pushed up her skirt until he could reach for her panties. 
His hand slipped into her panties from behind, running over her naked ass, his
fingers searching down between her cheeks.  "Spread your legs and relax your ass
cheeks," he ordered her, watching as she reluctantly spread her legs.

	"Please don't hurt me, it always hurts when he does that."
	
	His finger found her anus, a tiny indent in her ass.  He began to push
in, her asshole reluctantly opening for the ravishment of her ass.  He felt it
pop into her, her sphincter gripping it tightly.  He pushed harder, his dry
finger rasping inside her ass, into her rectum.  He felt her begin to jerk
forward, hoping to escape the finger in her ass.  "Still, or I will replace my
finger with the egg, you wouldn't want that would you?"
	
	Heather shook her head and braced her feet, her legs spread as the
finger relentlessly plunged deeper into her asshole until he was all the way up
inside her, his knuckles brushing against her opening.   She groaned in pain but
did not move.
	
	"Well James, it looks like you didn't stretch out Heather's asshole too
much.  She is still very tight.  I think you will find Jessica's asshole even
better.  She is still a virgin in her ass, but I am sure by time you leave, your
cock will have visited it a great many times."  Everyone laughed, Heather and
Jessica cringing from the cruel joke, Michael twisting his fingers around inside
her asshole.  Michael propelled Heather toward the railing, his finger in her
asshole forcing her to walk bowlegged toward the opening in the floor.  "The
RapeHorse is here.  And here comes Rebecca, ready for the ride of her life.  I
will explain the features of the RapeHorse as Rebecca prepares herself.  Rebecca
has seen you and Heather up here, you can see the distress on her face.  She is
not sure what is going to happen to her, but she has a good idea she will not
like it.  She will be forced to strip naked for us.  One of the guards is
carrying a stun gun and a short burst to her tit will stop any reluctance on her
part."
	
	Heather shifted from one leg to the other, the finger in her ass
uncomfortable and when he moved his finger, very painful.  "Please take your
finger out."
	
	Michael pulled his finger out.  When he was at the entrance to her ass
he put another finger along side of it and pushed it back in, two fingers now
stretching her open, harshly sliding into her ass.  He felt her asshole tighten
on his finger until both fingers were embedded deep inside her asshole.  "Quiet
little girl, now just stand there and watch the show.  I like your tight little
asshole gripping my finger.  Anymore noise out of you and it will be three
fingers."  He twisted his finger, forcing her to accept new pain.
	
	Heather bowed her legs out, attempting to relieve the pain in her
asshole.  She would not say anything anymore, not wanting any more of the same. 
She looked down at Rebecca, her sister, below. 
	
	James watched as Rebecca slowly removed her clothes, forced to look up
at him as she did.  It had taken a jolt on her breast with the stun gun.  She
had fallen to the floor, clutching her breast.  She was pulled up by her hair,
forced to stand again.  She unbuttoned her blouse, revealing her bra-encased
breasts.  Her breasts were pushed up by her bra.  She was ordered to remove the
bra next.  Her arms went behind her, unsnapping it, letting it fall to the
floor.  Her arms stood at her side, her proud breasts stood firmly.  Her nipples
began to harden, part in fear, part from the cold air.  She saw her father grab
the girl next to him.  She did not know who she was but she figured it was
someone that was not going to like what he was going to do to her.  She could
see the panic in the girl's face, recognizing the same look as the one she got
when her father tried to molest her.  She watched her father reach over to the
girl and unbuttoned her blouse, revealing two little nipples standing out on her
chest.  The girl cringed as her father began to pull and pinch one of the
nipples, forcing it to get hard and erect.  His other hand grabbed her hands and
placed them on his crotch.  She could not tell what he told her, but from the
look of her reaction, it looked like, stroke my cock nice and slow.  Her hand
pulled down his zipper and took his hard cock out of his shorts.  Her hand
gently stroked his cock, her other hand grabbing his balls as her father
continued to abuse the poor girls nipples.  Now both hands were pulling and
twisting the nipples, the girl trying to stand on her toes to escape the cruel
fingers.
	
	Heather was not doing much better than Rebecca or Jessica.  Both were
naked to the waist.  Michael wasted no time with her.  "Remove your blouse and
bra.  Daddy tells me you have some nice tits, not small little tits like
Jessica."  Dr. Marquis and Michael watched as she stripped to the waist, her
breasts, like Rebecca's, firm, with large hard nipples.  Hands reached out,
Michael on one side, Dr. Marquis on the other, both seeing how much pain they
could inflict on her, each trying to get her gasp or groan louder.
	
	Heather's nipples were painfully twisted and pinched, cruel fingers
digging into the nipple flesh.  Michael's fingers in her asshole began twisting
and turning again, forcing Heather to shift her weight from one leg to the
other, giving him greater access to her asshole.
	
	Downstairs, Rebecca had dropped her skirt, her panties falling to the
floor next.  She stood straight ahead, eyes on her father, naked, watching him
molest the little girl, her sister Heather being molested by two men, all eyes
on her.  Her pain and suffering was about to begin.  She looked at the machine
next to her, a collection of metal tubing and straps.  What scared her were the
three large dildos spaced about the frame.  She could see a tray next to the
machine, a large collection of replacement, from small to huge.  One was the
size of a horse cock.
	
	Dr. Marquis voice rang out in the room.  The other doctors had come in,
joining James and the others upstairs.  "The RapeHorse was built specifically to
test the endurance of the female species.  While the main purpose is to induce
pain, it was designed to do that specifically to the female sex organs and also
force the female to achieve multiple orgasms.  We have found that the maximum
time on the RapeHorse was three hours, but today we hope that Rebecca will be
able to surpass that record.  As you can see downstairs, Rebecca is more than
reluctant to get on the horse and begin."
	
	Downstairs, three guards were hefting Rebecca up onto the frame, Rebecca
still clutching her breast where the stun gun was again placed and discharged. 
She felt her naked body stretched out onto the frame, straps placed
strategically all over her body, attaching her firmly to the metal tubing.
	
	"As you can see, Rebecca is being stretched out straight onto her
stomach.  This is only a temporary position.  The metal tubing that she is
attached to has joints, corresponding to the joints in Rebecca's body.  This
allows the machine mechanism to bend and twist Rebecca in any shape and form
desired.  Her legs can be spread wide, her pussy and asshole open.  She can be
bent over, stood up straight, bent in half, any number of positions.  Some of
them quite painful.  But the main position of the female is bent up or bent
down.  Watch and you will see what I mean."  Dr. Marquis began to play with the
controls.  Rebecca's legs were brought up underneath her until she was almost
bent into half.  The whole machine then began to rise up at a 45-degree angle
until her arms and legs were pulled straight up, her ass hanging down to the
floor.  "In this position, both of her holes are completely exposed, when her
legs are spread like this," the machine pulling her legs apart, her pussy and
asshole spreading open for all to see, "she is open for penetration.  This
position also puts all her weight on her sex organs, forcing the victim to
impale herself on the dildos that will placed under her."
	
	"We also have this position," the mechanism beginning again, this time
turning Rebecca completely over, her head and arms down below, her asshole and
pussy pushed up towards the ceiling, her body still bent in half.  "While this
position does give our guests in the gallery a unobstructed view of her sex
organs, we do have a pair of dildos that will come down from the top.  These
dildos have much powerful motors, allowing for maximum penetration and force
into the victims sex organs.  We have successfully used this method to open up
the victim's pussy and asshole deeper then has ever been possible, We have found
that we were able to open up the victim's uterus, allowing for deeper
penetration.  We have successfully used this position to open a victim's pussy
for fucking by one of our stallions in the stable.  We have one that has a
"horse cock" that is 22 inches when fully erect.  He has successfully mated with
one of our patients, though she has walked bow-legged since then," everyone
laughing as they imagined her walking down the hallway.
	
	"We have a wide selection of dildos to be used. Most are made of a new
specially designed polymer that has interesting properties in that it can expand
and contract with relative ease.  This allows it to go from a smooth two-inch
wide dildo to a four-inch wide, sandpaper finish dildo with a six-inch ring in
the center.  We have one called the AssBuster, with large rings every two inches
that will torment a reluctant sphincter.  Our dildos can bend and twist into a
permanent position that makes very excruciating pain especially when inserted in
the asshole.  It will force the colon to straighten out bringing massive cramps. 
Liquids can be excreted from small holes in the dildos, in some cases from small
needles that will pop out.  We have been very successful in the use of various
highly irritants like jalapeno pepper juice, alcohol, bug spray or gasoline.  If
the victim gets too wet, an astringent can be released, drying up the victim's
natural juices, allowing for continued painful fucking of the dildo.  Another
favorite dildo is the DogCock.  This has a knot, just like a dog's cock.  It is
the size of a tennis ball.  It can be opened up inside the victim's pussy or to
make it even more painful, outside, forcing the pussy open wide.  Many times it
will tear the pussy opening.   And of course, all of the dildos conduct
electricity, from a mild stimulating charge to a brain busting jolt that will
turn the victims body into a quivering form."

	James pushed Jessica down to the floor, onto her knees.  "Open up little
girl, time to receive your first load of cum.  The doctor is making my cock so
hard."  James put his fingers into the corner of her mouth, forcing her to open
her mouth.  He saw the look in her eyes as his cock began to run over her lips,
his precum making her lips glisten.  "Have you sucked a cock yet, Jessica?"

	Jessica shook her head no, Michael and the others had only raped her
pussy for the last week.

	"I will teach you, you'd like that wouldn't you, learning how to suck my
cock until I cum in your mouth?"

	Jessica looked up and shook her head yes, knowing that any other answer
would provoke a jolt in her asshole.

	"That's good, I will make you into my own little cocksucker, now stick
your tongue out and lick the head real good.  That's good, now open wide as I
push it in.  Yeah, that's good, bob your head up and down, suck it like a
lollypop," his hands on each side of her head, guiding her to the correct
movement.  "That's a good little girl, keep sucking."

	Heather was also being molested by Michael, Dr. Marquis busy with the
presentation.  He was still rubbing his hands all over her tits, now red and
swollen from the mistreatment.  "Step out of your skirt, Heather, I want you
naked,"" He removed his finger from her asshole, but not before giving it a
vicious twist deep inside her, his fingernails scraping along her anal tract. 
She dropped her skirt to the floor, Michael pulling her panties down.  "Step out
of them, leave your heels on, you look very sexy naked.  Spread your legs open,"
his hand moving down over her flat stomach running his fingers through her pussy
hair.  His fingers spread her pussy lips open, feeling her wetness.  "Does Daddy
make you wet to, I bet you really love it when Daddy's cock busts you open?"  He
moved his fingers to her pussy and two fingers entered her, making her rise up
on her toes as they pushed inside her, pulling her up.  "You want a finger up
your asshole too, you want me to make you cum, Heather?"

	Heather shook her head, "no, please no," rising up higher as the fingers
in her pussy pulled her up.  She felt his hand run over her ass and knew that he
was going to do what he wanted.  His fingers pushed between her cheeks, pushing
against her asshole again, forcefully entering her and plunging deep into her
colon.  It pulled out, only to return with two fingers plunging ruthlessly into
her asshole. 
	
	"I can feel your sphincter grabbing my fingers.  You like that don't
you, I can tell," his finger massaging her sphincter as the tips rubbed along
her anal tract.  He pulled up on his fingers in her asshole and her pussy,
forcing her high on her toes.  He liked the look of her, naked, on her toes,
legs spread, her pussy and asshole gripping his fingers tightly.  "Yes, Heather,
rise up nice and high, I like to see you stretch," his fingers pulling up
harder.
	
	Dr. Marquis continued talking, but watched the debasement of the two
girls near him.  He saw Jessica out of the corner of his eyes, sucking the
Congressman's suck for all she was worth.  Heather, on his right, was stretched
up tall on her toes, her sex organs speared by Michael's fingers.
	
	"Another feature of the dildos is that they can also spin on the
platform they are situated on.  This allows them to make oblong circles as they
fuck in and out, forcing the pussy or asshole to stretch into obscene shapes. 
Better than a large dildo, it allows the pussy or asshole to shrink back down,
then it again has to suffer the stretching."  The breasts are also not
neglected.  We have a number of features.  You can see that Rebecca's breasts
are now being secured between the two metal bars.  At each end is a cylinder
that can bring the bars together or separate.  You can see the grimace on
Rebecca's face as her beautiful tits are now pinched grotesquely between the
metal, forcing them out into points.  Her nipples are already starting to turn
purple as all of the blood is forced to the points.  The mechanism is programmed
to release them and then tighten again every five minutes.  This brings the
maximum amount of pain.  Anymore then that would permanently harm the tit flesh. 
We are not opposed to that, it is just that the pain becomes numbing.  By
tightening and releasing, the pain is new each time.  The nipples will receive
special attention.  Rebecca has extremely long nipples and will allow for the
maximum amount of pain.  In this case, we have also been able to induce the
female's breasts to expend milk.  We have small plastic cups that fit over the
nipples.  These are attached to a powerful suction machine.  The nipple will be
sucked into the cups, in the case of Rebecca, far inside, stretching her nipple
flesh.  Inside are small metal needles running along side the cup, beginning as
small needles with larger needles the further in the nipple goes into the cup. 
With Rebecca's large nipples, they will be forced along some very long and
pointed needles.  The suction is set as timed bursts.  The nipple will be sucked
in, released, then sucked in again.  This will drag the nipple flesh over the
needle again and again.  As in the dildos, the needles will also excrete various
irritants.  We begin by lubricating the nipples with Ben-Gay.  It brings about
very desirable effects on our young victim."
	
	"Last and not least, we will take care of Rebecca's mouth.  While we do
not leave the dildo in her mouth at all times, that would eliminate the lovely
screams we can wrench from her body as we inflict the pain on her, we do at
various times force the dildos into her oral cavity.  These dildos are a little
less rigid to allow the penetration of the victim's throat.  These dildos are
hollow in the center to allow fluids to pass through, just like a real cock.  In
the gallery above, you will see various bowls attached to the edge of the
railing at waist height.  Anything put into the drain will end up shooting out
of the dildo in Rebecca's mouth.  This could be your cum, or if you like, you
may piss in it.  Rebecca will be more than willing to swallow any of it.  We
have a special clamp on her nose.  If she refuses to swallow, the clamp will
close her nasal passage and cut off her air supply until she swallows.  I also
enjoy cutting off her nasal passage when a dildo is stuffed into her throat. 
The lack of oxygen will make her body dance on the frame very sexily.  The
straps are tensioned to allow some body movements when requested on my console. 
It is also delightful to watch as a very large dildo is slowly forced into her
pussy or asshole and she tries to arch up to escape it, knowing that it is
impossible."
	
	"Each person in the gallery, except our little fuck toys, Jessica and
Heather, have a remote device.  You can enter in selections of what you would
like to happen to Rebecca.  I will monitor the results and select the
appropriate request and forward them to the RapeHorse.  I would just like to
mention, it is better to start off slowly, moving up in pain, back down to
slowly, then back up again.  Continuing this up and down action has a more
dramatic effect in that it does not dull the victim's sense.  When this happens,
we then have to induce drugs into the victim, usually cocaine or heroin.  While
this does alert the sense, it does have the effect of dulling the victims brain
response.  Now I think we are ready to begin.  Plugs were put into Rebecca's
ears so she will not hear my voice any longer, except when I want to.  I do not
want her alerted to what will happen to her.  I think the unknown expectation is
much more frightening, but I do like to talk to her during the ordeal,
humiliating her.  I am going to start out by masturbating Rebecca and inducing
an orgasm in her.  In fact, I will do this four times.  By that time, her body
will already begin to be exhausted and more susceptible to the pain that will
then be inflicted.  It will also make her sex organs very tender and make the
pain of the mechanical rape much more painful.  I will loosen the tension in her
restraints so that you may enjoy the bucking of her young body as she is fucked
into submission.  Her pussy will receive a small, two-inch wide dildo, about
eight inches long.  Her asshole will receive a one-inch wide dildo that is ten
inches long.  This will bring about some cramping in Rebecca because of the
length, but it is very pliable so it will bend easily inside her body.  Her
mouth will receive a three-inch wide dildo that is six inches long.  This will
stretch her mouth very wide and will allow access to her throat. I don't think
we really care to hear any gasps of ecstasy.  I suggest that you begin to
masturbate your cocks into the sinks and allow poor Rebecca to swallow large
quantities of cum."
	
	"One last and most important piece of the RapeHorse is the clit
attachment.  This has a number of different ranges, from pleasure to pain.  As
Rebecca was strapped down, her pussy lips were clamped in five places.  Two on
each side of her pussy lips, top and bottom and one clamp was placed on her clit
hood.  Each clamp is attached to a metal chain.  This allows electricity to pass
through it.  I control the chains and I can stretch them open or release them. 
They are clamped so tight, they will keep stretching the flesh until the flesh
tears.  The clamps have small metal teeth on them so while attached, they are
quite painful, an excruciatingly painful as they are stretched.  A cup like the
ones used on her nipples is used for her clit.  Her clit will be sucked into the
cup by suction.  Inside of the cup are small little balls that circle the edges,
moving around one revolution every three seconds.  These balls while small are
not completely smooth.  As they circulate, they rub against the stretched clit. 
This can be used to make the victim have multiple orgasms.  In Rebecca's case,
we will force her to cum at least four times.  This can also be used for the
deliverance of pain.  The balls can be spun faster and pushed in closer,
trapping the clit between them, the balls pressing deep onto the erect clit.  
Needles can also be forced out the side and as in the case of the dildo,
irritants can be shot out the tips.  The suction can also be increased and we
had accidentally tore the clit off of one of the first victims in the testing of
the machine.  The balls are also conductors of electricity and you will be able
to see Rebecca when we do that to her.  It will feel like we are shooting
electricity directly up her spine."
	
	"We will now begin.  I suggest that anyone of you in the gallery that
has a female subject, this might be a good time to penetrate her with your cock. 
We will begin with the masturbation of Rebecca."
	
	"Get up, Jessica, you did such a good job making my cock hard and wet. 
Move over to the railing, hands on the bar, legs back and spread wide."  James
watched as Jessica obeyed, her young body stretched painfully wide in front of
him, her pussy and asshole spread open before him.  He slid his foot between
her, forcing her to spread wider.  He heard her groan, as his legs were spread
obscenely wide, pain radiating from her crotch.  "Yes, you have such a young
limber body suitable for fucking in a variety of positions."  His fingers
reached down to her hips, pulling her backward, forcing her ass to arch up. 
"Yes, that is good, I like your ass up high, stretch onto your toes, raise up
higher."
	
	Jessica was pulled backwards, her arms slipping down, her ass rising up
higher.  She arched up onto her toes, the pain already beginning in her legs as
she was forced to present her naked ass and pussy to be raped again.  All of the
men liked to force her to perform, making her body available for their cocks,
the more painful for her, the better they liked it.  The Congressman was no
exception.  Her body was tense, her muscles strained as she held the position of
servitude, a willing victim to her rape.  She felt his body push into her, his
cock resting on her asscheeks.  She clenched them in anticipation of the pain he
would soon inflict on her young body.  She jumped, her body hurting from the
jolt of the egg in her asshole.
	
	"Don't tense up on me again.  I want you open for me, wherever I want to
put my cock.  Next time the egg goes to a number 2," his fingers changing the
button setting.  He fisted his cock again, making it harder.  He rubbed along
her ass, his cum leaving traces that glistened in the lights.  "That's much
better little girl, his hands lifting her hips, forcing her higher, on your
toes," he ordered her.  He watched as she strained to rise up high, leaving her
pussy open and unprotected.  He pushed his cock against her pussy, the head
forcing her pussy lips apart at it prepared to spear her open sex.
	
	Her muscles strained as she forced herself to spread open for his
pleasure.  She cringed when she felt his cock at her pussy.  It was so big, she
knew that he intended to fuck her hard, like Michael and the others did.  All
men wanted to hurt her with their cocks and they usually succeeded.  Her pussy
was not big enough to take the massive cocks without some pain and tearing.  She
heard him tell her to push back on his cock as she felt her pussy lips spreading
wide, the cock head forcing itself into her tender flesh.  She groaned in pain,
his cock twitching inside, as the head was now trapped inside her pussy.  Her
muscles clamped tightly onto the hard cock.  She knew that he enjoyed her
muscles natural reaction to the rape, to try to expel the log being shoved into
her near virgin pussy.
	
	"Yes, clamp on my cock, you want me to fuck you, don't you?  You want a
big hard cock to hurt you.  I can feel you gripping it."  He pushed harder,
forcing almost half of his cock into her teenage cunt.  He saw her head rise up
in pain as he pulled her back onto the punishing instrument of his lust.   "Take
it all, fuck back on me or it's the egg for you," he yelled at her.  He pulled
back, feeling her straining to grip it.  He pulled it until it was almost out
then pushed it back in.  This time there was no pause, just one gigantic thrust
into her pussy.  He yanked her by the hair, raising her head up, wanting to hear
her yell in pain.  "Take it, cunt, take my hard cock."
	
	Jessica could barely stand on her toes any longer, the muscles in her
legs beginning to cramp up, her pussy tearing as the raping cock pushed deep
inside her ravaged pussy.  The days of continual rape were taking their toll on
her teenage body, her pussy rubbed raw by the hard cock that inflicted the pain
on her.  She screamed as her hair was pulled, the cock forced deep inside her
until it smashed against her cervix, feeling like it was bruising her.  Her
pussy grabbed the hard cock in pain, it twitching inside her, forcing more pain,
as it grew bigger.
	
	His hands stroked her ass, fingers running over her asshole, little
goose bumps appearing around her light brown asshole.  He felt her pussy grip
his cock, squeezing the life out of it.  She was so hot and tight.  He held
there, his cock embedded deeply as he felt her tremble.  He reached down on her
back, his fingers running under her, searching out her nipples again.  He found
them, still hard and erect, grabbing tightly onto them, pinching them hard, her
ass twitching in pain, massaging his cock.  "Relax and watch the show, my cock
is going to be inside you for a long time," feeling her feet move back and
forth, attempting to relive the pain and fullness in her sex organs.
	
	Meanwhile, Dr. Marquis and Michael were preparing Heather.  She was
turned facing Dr. Marquis, her legs spread wide as he held his cock in his fist. 
"Put it in your pussy, Heather, fuck yourself on my cock."
	
	Heather pushed forward, her pussy meeting the hard cock in front of her. 
She had to rise up a little as it fitted against her pussy and she began to push
it inside her.  Her pussy lips were forced apart by the cock, the head beginning
to fill her pussy as she pushed it inside he body.  She felt another cock behind
her, pushing against her ass.  "Please, not in my behind, it will hurt too much
with a cock already in my vagina."
	
	"Quiet, relax your asshole, while I slip it inside your ass."  Michael
pushed his cock against the tiny asshole in front of him.  It did not look like
it would fit.  He pushed and watched her asshole slowly spread open, forced by
the big head of his cock.  He felt her body jerk forward as the pain of the rape
forced her to move onto the cock in her pussy.  Michael followed her movements,
his cock slowly but forcefully pushing deeper into her rectum, he sphincter
tightening down on the cock, her asshole straining to push the foreign object in
her out.
	
	"Oh, God, no, that hurts too much," she cried as the twin cocks both
forcefully raped into her teenage body, her pussy now stuffed full of Dr.
Marquis hard cock while Michael's cock continued its relentless rape of her
asshole, brutally forcing her colon to accept the hard cock.  She screamed again
as her stomach cramped as the cock in her asshole hit bottom, both cocks rubbing
against each other, separated only by a tiny membrane.  She had never been so
full or in so much pain.  This was worse then what her father did to her.
	
	"That's a good Daddy's girl, take the kind men's cock.  Now squeeze them
nice and make them cum, or Daddy will punish you."  The Congressman watched as
his daughter was sandwiched between the two men, held upright by the hard cocks. 
His cock twitched inside of Jessica.
	
	The trainer reached down, his hand caressing over Rebecca's naked flesh,
feeling her jerk in revulsion.  "Now, Rebecca, are you going to be a good girl
and cum for us.  Look up, your father has his cock in that nice little girl and
you sister is over there.  It looks like Dr. Marquis has his cock inside her
pussy and I bet Michel's cock is stretching her asshole very wide.  The rest of
the Doctor's all have their cocks out and are stroking them.  They are all
waiting for you to cum for them on the RapeHorse."  He pushed a button, placing
Rebecca in the upright position, her sex hanging down, her legs up.  Another
press of the button and her legs separated until they were spread wide, her
asshole and pussy gaping open.  He fitted the dildo onto the machine, an
eight-inch long, two-inch wide artificial cock.  Her pussy lips were already
spread wide by the chains and he pushed it just inside her pussy.  "You pussy
can't wait to be filled."  He put the nipple into the plastic cups and pushed
the button that started the suction.  He watched as her long nipples begin to
fill the cups, stretching to go inside the cup, forced into smaller and smaller
places as they were pulled in.  Her felt her body jerk as they began to run over
the needled deep inside the cup.  "You have such beautiful nipples, Rebecca. 
The machine will suck them and keep them very hard.  My fingers will masturbate
your clit for your first cum.  After that the machine will take over."  His
fingers moved over her clit as he pushed another button on the machine.  The
cock began the rape of her pussy.
	
	Rebecca's tried to push aside, but her body could only move about an
inch as she felt the cock begin to push relentlessly into her pussy.  Her flesh
felt speared as it thrust in, then out, then back in again, only this time
deeper.  It began to fill her, spreading her pussy walls as it fucked her.  Not
a human, flesh cock, but a man made, machine cock, that would force her to
orgasm in front of everyone.  A finger began to rub over her clit, making it
harder.  The straps holding her loosened, allowing her to move in cadence with
the cock inside her.
	
	"That's a good girl, Daddy wants to see his little girl fuck back on the
machine cock.  Bounce up and down, take it deeper," the trainer's fingers
continuing the masturbation of her clit.  "Look at all those men, their cocks
hard as they watch your get ready to cum."
	
To be Continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  zone Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





