BDSM Library - Lir's Lust




Lir's Lust
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He broke into the abandoned building for his girlfriend, never suspecting it was the hidden temple to a cult who worshipped Lir, Goddess of rape and torture. Now he is their newest victim and his girlfriend their newest member - if she survives the initiation.
Lir's Lust

The building did not look like much. It looked abandoned, most of the upper
stories collapsed or unsafe. It could have been an inn of sorts, or a
guardhouse. Perhaps a nobleman's home. Whatever it was, it was nothing now. Just
another nearly derelict building in a part of Athro too rundown to do anything
with.

Or so most people thought.

I was one of those people, in fact. I had passed through this area of the city
before, usually as part of a some shortcut, moving quickly to avoid being caught
here. This was not the safest area of the city. I had heard people had been
disappearing here, but then few people came here to be noticed.

"You see," my girlfriend said to me. "I told you there was someone there."

Her name was Elanna, and she was twenty-four, precisely one year and two months
older than I was. She worked as a barmaid in the merchant district, and as the
lesser employee of a merchant baron, I had met her there. Her passion and
obvious lust for life had instantly drawn my attention to her.

Well, those, and her looks. My girlfriend was a very sexy woman, with long light
brown hair,  sultry dark eyes and a figure to kill for. She knew it, too, and
had a habit of wearing low-cut tops and either short, slit skirts or very tight
leggings.

I had no idea why she chose me out of the many other men she could have had. I
was shy, quiet and rather plain-looking. I did not really like places such as
the one she worked in, and was only there for business. She had latched herself
to me almost instantly and it had taken several hours to pluck up the courage to
ask her out. She had invited herself into my bed that very night. She was quite
dominant in bed, and very passionate, and I loved both those things about her.
That had been about four months ago, and to my eternal surprise, she was still
with me.

Being taken to look at abandoned buildings in dubious areas of the city on her
night off was a very small price to pay.

She was pointing at a light coming from the ground floor of the building, just
above the ground itself. The light was quite faint, and only just visible
through a hole that could have been a window, but was more likely just a few
missing stones in the wall.

"Probably just some beggars," I said, shivering with the cold. I had come out
without my cloak, not expecting us to be away this long. Elanna, of course,
didn't notice the cold. She seemed to thrive on it. I wasn't really looking at
the building, but at her nipples poking through the thin fabric of her ripped
shirt.

She firmly but gently lifted my chin and turned my head back in the direction of
the building. "Pay attention," she said, playfully. "I don't think it is just
some beggars. We haven't noticed any in this part of town, remember."

That was true. Usually they were everywhere.

"They're scared of this place. You've heard of the disappearances?"

"Just gossip," I said. "'Lanna, I'm cold. Why don't we go back to your room?"

"Twelve people that I know of, and that probably means more. I overheard some
people talking last night at the inn. One of them swore he'd seen some people
dragging someone with them."

"Drunken gossip. Or mabe they did see something. They could have just been
helping a drunk friend. Or, well... maybe a mugging."

"The people were women. And wearing red. What women do you know who wear red and
come to this part of town?"

"Well..." No one, really. But then I didn't know that many women. Elanna was
wearing green. A thin, low-cut shirt, and very tight leggings. I found myself
staring at her again, and she swatted me.

"Stop it," she smiled. "What if this is where those red women live? What if
they're a slave ring, or assassins or...?" She stopped, trying to think of
something even more outlandish.

"There are plenty of legitimate slave houses in Athro without resorting to
kidnapping," I said. My employer did business with most of them. It seemed half
of the slaves taken in this part of the world came through Athro. "And I really
don't think there are any assassins operating here."

"Would you go and have a look?" she said. "Please?" She gave me the look, the
sultry mix of seductive siren and innocent little girl. That was the look she
had given me the first time we had sex. I had never been able to resist that
look.

But this time came close. The building looked dangerous. It might collapse any
moment.

"I was at the market today," she continued.

And what if there were people there? They might only be a gang of petty thieves,
or muggers, or similar. They wouldn't take kindly to me just walking in on them.

"I bought a set of manacles. Wrists and ankles."

My thought process stopped dead. I thought my heart had as well, for a moment.

"What?" I breathed, looking at her.

She smiled, half erotic, half winsome. "I could tie you up," she said. "Think
about that." She reached closer to me, her breath hot on my cheek. She was
exactly as tall as I was. "You, all naked and helpless." She pressed her body
against mine, her breasts pressing against my chest. "Me on top of you, all
ready to do whatever I liked."

I moaned softly. I had dreamed of that for as long as I could remember. Tied up
and helpless while some beautiful woman had complete mastery of me. I had tried
to ask Elanna if she had any rope for a while now, but I had never had the
courage. She was dominant in bed, and adventurous, but I had no idea she would
like the thought.

Evidently she did.

"You'll do this for me, won't you? And I'll be merciful to you."

"Yes," I squeaked, the word hardly audible. "Yes."

"Good," she breathed, pulling back. "I'll wait here for you. If you find
anything interesting, be sure to bring a present back for me."

She stepped back into the shadows of the alleyway we were hiding in, and smiled
at me. She kissed her fingertips and waved them at me. My heart pounding so
loudly I thought it would break free of my chest, I set about crossing the empty
land towards the building.

My thoughts were so full of her, and manacles, that I didn't realise how far I
had gone until I almost walked into the wall. Stopping, I crept, as stealthily
as I could, to where the light had come. This close to it, the light seemed
brighter, and I realised it was from a window. There was some debris around it,
making it seem smaller than it was. I cleared as much of it away as I could,
revealing an opening big enough to admit a person.

The window was at ground level, and I bent down to look through it first. It
looked down into a corridor, about seven feet down. Either the ground beneath
the building had collapsed, pulling the house down, or this was a cellar or
basement.

The corridor was quite long, and I couldn't get enough of an angle to see if
there were any doors at either end. The light came from a lantern fixed to the
wall almost opposite the window. There were another two I could see. All were
lit.

Well, someone was clearly here, and not just beggars. Various possibilities ran
through my mind, but all of them related to criminal activity of some kind. This
could not be good. I thought about going back, but then the image of Elanna, and
the manacles, returned, and I decided to press on.

I squeezed myself into the hole, feet first, and, as carefully as I could,
lowered myself to the floor inside. The drop was more than I had foreseen and
the landing jarred me for an instant. The shock of the fall caused me to breathe
in sharply, and it took a moment for me to re-orientate myself.

The first thing I did was look up at the window. I could reach it, if I stood on
tiptoes, and I thought I would be able to pull myself out through it, but it
would take time. A little worried, I turned to look up and down the corridor.

The corridor seemed a lot... less clear here than it had outside. Everything
seemed tinged with red, and the air had a smoky, thick smell to it.
Investigating the lantern, I found traces of a strange red powder in it, and a
red tint to the glass.

The air was making me light-headed, and I decided to press on. To the left, the
corridor just seemed to carry on, almost indefinitely. To the right, there was
an archway, covered by red cloth. I headed to the right.

I stopped at the archway and listened in. I thought I could hear the sound of
movement beyond, and my heart almost left from my chest. I remained there a
little longer and the only thing I could hear was the pounding of my heart.
Satisfied that there was no one there, I entered, pushing the curtain back.

The room was an ante-chamber of some kind, lit by a lantern in each corner,
luxuriously decorated in various shades of red, with a few strips of gold. There
were two chairs, of exceptional quality and design, and various piles of
cushions. It was clearly a place for people to wait to be administered beyond
the archway at the far side of the room.

I swallowed harshly and walked around, careful not to touch anything. I caught
an alcove set in the far wall, with a statue set in it. The statue was about as
tall as my forearm, and made from some red stone I was not familiar with. It was
of a woman, incredibly proportioned, and completely naked save for jewellery and
a hood of some kind, that completely covered her face.

Tentatively, I reached out to touch it, and jumped back quickly. The stone was
warm. In fact, hot. It radiated heat. I blinked, almost swaying. The whole room
was hot. I felt I could imagine the expression on the face of the statue: a
seductive smirk of power and sexuality. My clothes suddenly felt very tight and
irritable.

I looked up at the archway and saw that, like the last one, there was a red and
gold curtain. There were symbols, perhaps writing of some kind, inscribed around
the arch. If it was writing, I could not read it. Thy were like nothing I had
ever seen before.

I pushed into the next room, and cursed myself the instant I had for not pausing
to listen first. When I looked around that thought faded instantly.

This was a torture chamber. There was no other way to describe it. There was a
rack, a cross with manacles at each end, various places where manacles hung from
the ceiling, or trailed along the floor, fixed to hooks. There was a table on
which rested various whips and knives and bits of leather, some of which could
be used as gags or restraints, and others I did not want to guess the use of.

Like the previous room, the air here was hot and thick. To my horror I realised
I was erect and trembling. Some of the items I saw terrified me, but others
aroused me enormously. I looked at the cross and imagined myself bound to it,
Elanna above me.

Or perhaps holding one of the whips. I picked one up. It was fairly small and
light. She had asked me to fetch her something. I tucked it into my belt, my
mouth very dry.

That was when I saw the woman.

At the corner of the room was an upright box, almost a coffin, except it was
created of some transparent substance, not glass. A crystal of some kind. It
looked big enough to fit a person in, but it was in the corner, and dark there,
and the redness of the crystal seemed to blur into the redness of the rest of
the room. Only as I found myself looking directly at it, did I realise there was
a woman held in there.

She was completely wrapped in bandages, covering every inch of her body except
for her loins and her eyes. She was young, and slender, and her eyes were a
piercing blue. I could see them through the prison clearly. She was silently
pleading with me for help.

I hesitated, unsure of what to do. This could be a slave ring after all, but it
looked a little too decadent. What if I tried to free her and the slavers
returned? What if the coffin was trapped to kill her, or me, when it was opened?

I was still deliberating this when I heard the sound of footsteps. I had seen
the two other exits from the room, one wooden door and another archway, but I
had not paid either much attention. As I heard the footsteps coming from behind
the door, I wished I had.

I whispered a brief and pathetic, "I'm sorry," to the prisoner, and then I fled
through the archway I had entered. I hid there, listening, trying to hear
anything over the beating of my heart. When I heard the crack of a whip and a
woman's screaming, I fled.

I abandoned any hope of stealth, simply running as fast as I could. I scrambled
through the window easier than I had expected and I simply ran towards the alley
where Elanna was waiting. She saw me running and, waiting for me to join her,
she fled as well, taking the look in my eyes as proof that she did not want to
remain here.

We did not stop running until we were at her room.

I fell onto her bed, panting with exhaustion and fear. She listened at the door,
and then, after bolting it,  walked to the window, looking out across the
street.

"No one," she said. She did not seem even out of breath, whereas I was gasping
for air. But then, I had had the fear motivating me. She looked at me. "So? This
had better be good."

Gasping and panting, I explained what I had seen to her. There were some things
I could not adequately describe, such as the thick headiness of the air, or the
terror I had felt in that torture chamber, or the mute pleading in the eyes of
the prisoner. I tried as best as I could, and had the satisfaction of watching
her eyes widen as I unfolded my discoveries.

"Wow," she said, when I had finished. "A torture chamber? Really?"

I nodded. "She was... a prisoner... there."

"So what do you think it was?"

"Slavers, perhaps?" I paused. There were several drugs that could be inhaled to
deaden the senses, or to increase arousal. There were several different herbs
used in the training and keeping of slaves. My employer trafficked in some. One
of them... yes, one of them could hasten fear. I felt so stupid. That was
obviously what had been in the air there, what I had felt. The chamber and the
prisoner felt less real with every moment I spent on Elanna's bed.

"Should we report it to someone?" I ventured. "They could be unlicensed, or... I
don't know."

"Report it to who?" Elanna asked. "We don't know anything. At least not yet.
We'll have to go back later... maybe tomorrow night. See if we can find out
anything more. Besides," she added, smiling flirtiously. "Are you really so
anxious to get away from me? I cannot see a present, sweetling. I may have to
punish you."

I looked up, my heart pounding again. "Um... I did fetch you something," I
breathed. I pulled the whip from my belt and handed it to her. She took it with
a smile, and flexed it in her hands. She gave a practice swish at the air, and I
almost jumped at the sound it made. It was more a crop than a full leather whip,
but it still looked more than effective.

"Bad boy," she purred, looking at me. "Anything would think you would enjoy
being tied up and whipped."

"Yes," I whispered. That place seemed much less real to me here, while Elanna
was very real. Excitingly, passionately so.

"Yes what?" she asked, with a raised eyebrow.

"Yes, Mistress," I said, the sound of the words from my mouth running through my
body with a tremor. It felt so good saying it to her.

"Good boy," she said. She gestured with the crop. "Stand up." I did so. "And
strip." I did so, awkwardly, aware of her eyes on me. I had been naked before
her before, many times, but never as self-consciously as I was now. She regarded
me with a powerful dominance she had not displayed before. She had demonstrated
my submissiveness and her dominance and I think that excited her almost as much
as it did me.

When I was naked, embarrased and almost ashamed, she smiled, and gestured
towards the bed. "Lie down, arms above your head, touching the headboard." I
obeyed, and she laid down the whip, digging in a box beneath her bed. My heart
was pounding as I stared at the ceiling, imagining the feel of the manacles on
my wrists. When it came, there was a click as they were fastened around my
wrists, pulled through the slats on the headboard and fixed securely. I tested
them with a pull, but could not break them.

Moving carefully and precisely, she pulled my legs apart, and manacled each
ankle to the bed leg. I was spreadeagled on the bed, opened out for her. I
struggled, but it was no good. I was erect, aroused by my helplessness.

"I didn't know you'd like it this much," she commented. "How long had you been
waiting to ask me to do this to you?"

"Always, Mistress," I said. "Always."

"And you didn't ask before. Bad boy, forcing me to make the first move. How
should I punish you, do you think? I could leave you there. Go out and find some
nice young stud to fuck me." She had obviously seen the look of terror on my
face, for she laughed. "I won't do that," she chided me for believing it. "Look
at me."

I did, and watched as she slowly, and erotically began to strip.

She had also been beautiful, and self-assured about it. I had seen her flirt
with the customers, very aware of the effect her low-cut top and tight leggings
had on them. Everything she did, she did with an undercurrent of eroticism. This
was no different, but it was also very different.

She knew now how much I desired her. There was no way for me to hide it, and my
body was very clear. She was sexy and beautiful and gorgeous and in control, and
she knew it from the way I reacted to her, from the way I moaned as she slowly
untied the drawstrings of her shirt, to the way I shook in my chains and she
opened her shirt to reveal the inner slopes of her breasts, and then the merest
peek at her nipples, hard and prominent, and the way my cock stood, painfully
erect, and throbbing.

She knew just how sexy she was, and that made her all the more sexy. I actually
cried out as she slid the shirt from her body, catching the sleeves deliberately
at her wrists and pulling it tight. With a smile, she dropped it, and began with
the belt to her leggings.

"Talk to me, sweetling," she breathed huskily. I moaned. "Tell me how beautiful
I am. Tell me what you want me to do to you."

"Oh, Mistress!" I cried. "Oh, Mistress!" I tried to reach forward to touch her,
but she was too far away and the chains too short and I sank back, crying out
wth frustration and desire and ecstacy.

"What do you want me to do to you?" she said, slowly and deliberately. She toyed
with the buckle of her belt.

"I want to kiss you," I said. "I want you to lean over me and allow me to kiss
your beautiful breasts. I want to take your nipple in my mouth and lick it. I
want you to touch me, and kiss me. I want you to rape me. Oh!

"I want you to rape me."

"And this?" she said, picking up the whip, and tapping it against the side of
her leg in a way that made me tremble. "Do you want me to do anything with
this?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"What?"

"I want you to whip me, Mistress."

"Have you been a bad little slave?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"What have you done that was so bad?"

"I almost left the building, Mistress. I was so afraid I thought of leaving and
telling you there was nothing there."

"That is bad."

"Yes, Mistress. You should punish me."

"I think I will."

She gently lowered the end of the crop of my bare chest, and flicked my nipple
with it. I shook. The slightest impact, the merest brush had caused shockwaves
throughout my body. I had never felt anything like it.

I would again. She trailed the edge of the crop along my pulsing cock and my
tight balls. I moaned loudly. "Mistress!" I said. "Mistress!" I could not find
the words for anything else.

With a suden blur of motion, she lashed me across my chest. I cried out. The
blow had hurt, almost burning. It was transitory, but such a contrast to the
arousal of a second before that it felt like the most painful thing I had ever
experienced.

Even worse, when the pain had passed, I begged her to do it again.

She did, and with each blow, I cried out, and when the pain went, I was more
aroused than I had been before. She struck my chest, my arms, the soles of my
feet. She seemed to take great pleasure in deciding when to hit me next.
Sometimes she would pause and study my naked body before choosing, others she
would strike with as much suddenness and speed as she had the first time.

After a quick, sharp blow to my belly, following which I strained even more than
I had before, begging her to touch me, she moaned softly and let the lash fall.
She still wore her tight leggings, and I could see a dark, wet patch at the
crotch. I knew she wore nothing beneath them, and my position was arousing her
almost as much as it was me.

"Oh, sweetling," she moaned, frantically pulling at her belt. "Oh, sweetling.
You look so... Talk to me."

"Mistress," I moaned, trying to think of anything more substantial than that.
"Mistress, let me kiss you. Please."

She practically tore her leggings away, ripping them in two places in the
process. The powerful smell of her arousal hit me, almost intoxicating me. She
put one hand to her groin, and she parted the thick folds of her cunt to gently
push two fingers into herself. She moaned loudly and withdrew her fingers,
dripping with thick, oil.

"Kiss me?" she breathed, thickly. "Open your mouth, sweetling."

Obediently, I did so. She placed her hand near to my face, and then, with the
same care and precision with which she had touched herself, she slid her fingers
into my mouth.

She tasted powerful and exotic. In a frenzy, I licked her fingers clean, and
when she withdrew them, trailing them down my chest, I writhed, moaning for
more.

I was still struggling against the chains, plading for her to rape me, when I
saw the woman appear behind her. There was no warning, the door had not opened
and the woman had not been there before. She simply appeared. I tried to shout a
warning, but I could not manage to speak. Elanna, oblivious to the woman's
arrival, was lightly brushing my nipples and I was filled with lust and fear and
I just could not manage to speak.

The instant I saw the woman she was imprinted on my mind. Tall and lithe and
indescribably beautiful. She was wearing entirely red. A long, thin loincloth
around her waist, soft slippers and a long cloak, buckled at her high neck. She
was bare-breasted, but the cloak hid the outer slopes of her large, rounded
bosom. Her hair was long and a fiery red. Her eyes stared at me above a veil of
diphnous red silk. They were dark and filled with anger and hatred.

My voice locked in my throat and I was unable to say anything as the red woman
reached out for Elanna. Moving with immense speed and strength, the red woman
seized Elanna around the neck and pulled her back sharply. My Mistress choked
and struggled, but the red woman was incredibly strong. She threw Elanna aside,
and I watched with horror as she struck the far wall and fell limp.

The red woman stared down at me, and I recoiled against the venom in her eyes. I
struggled again, but the chains had no give in them. I was naked and bound and
utterly helpless before her. I felt a hot, burning shame as she slowly and
deliberately studied my naked body.

"Did you think you could invade our sanctum and we would not know of it?" she
asked me. Her voice was thick and sultry, and filled with contempt. The way she
spoke to me, the way she looked at me, I was nothing to her. A worm, an insect,
a... slave?

"You will learn to regret that greatly," she said again. She reached inside the
folds of her cloak, to the thin belt that held her loincloth, and she pulled out
a long, wickedly curved dagger. There was a tinge of blood along its edge, and
my breath came harder and faster. No matter how much I wanted to, I could not
scream. I pulled and shook, but I could not move.

She advanced on me, and placed the dagger's edge against my chest, just above
the right nipple where Elanna had been toying with me. I stopped struggling and
began to whimper pathetically. Still I could not speak, not even to beg for
mercy.

"Slave," the red woman hissed.

"Wait!" called Elanna, and my heart lapt at her voice. She rose awkwardly from
the corner where she had been thrown. The red woman turned to her, but she kept
the knife at my heart.

"Wait," Elanna said again. She was staring at the red woman. "I know who you
are." The red woman was silent. "You're a Priestess of Lir. I'd heard you
existed, but I never thought... That was your temple, then."

"It was," the red woman intoned hollowly. "Your slave infiltrated it, and stole
from us. He is to be punished."

"But he's mine," Elanna said. "See, I chained him." She swallowed. "That makes
him mine. He was free when he broke in to your temple, but now he's a slave.
He's my slave. You can't hurt him, not without my permission."

"We are not bound by mortal laws."

"I'm not talking about mortal laws. I'm talking about your laws. I... I heard
that you say all men are slaves to Lir's women, yes."

"All women are slaves to Lir, and all men are slaves to Lir's women."

Elanna smiled. "I knew it. I knew it! I want to join you."

"We do not accept just anyone."

"No, I know. But... I've always been dominant, as long as I can remember. I
dream about tying men up, and raping them, or whipping them. Look at the way I
tied him. That shows I know what I'm doing."

"Adequate," the red woman sniffed. "No more."

"But at least I'm sincere. I hate having to be nice to men. I hate having to
flatter them and do what they say. I dream about tying them up, whipping them,
raping them, doing what I like with them. I've wanted to join you ever since I
heard the rumours. I investigated as much as I could." She paused, breathing in
and out harshly, her magnificent breasts rising and falling. "I want to join
you."

"Why should we accept you?"

"I've give back what was stolen." She picked up the whip from where it had
fallen and handed it over. The priestess took it quickly and tucked it into her
belt. "I'm sorry about that, but I wanted to know if you were real. I'll give
you him as well. Look at him. He's a true slave. You should have heard what he
was saying earlier..."

Mistress, no! I shook again, trying to speak to her. There were tears in my
eyes. How could she do this to me, betray me like this?

Then a voice spoke in my mind. I was only a slave. She could do to me whatever
she wished.

"Please," Elanna said. "That's all I've ever wanted, to be powerful and
dominant, to do with men as I want. Please."

"You will need to be trained."

"Yes! Yes, I'll do anything."

"The training will be hard, and painful, and degarding. All women are slaves to
Lir. All. You may not endure it."

"I will. I know this is what I am."

"Well, then. You had best come to the temple, and we can see what the others
think of you. As for this one..." She turned to me, and I caught the form of a
wicked smile beneath her veil. For a moment, I was terrified she would stab me,
but she withdrew the knife and returned it to her belt. I breathed out
mercifully when she put her hand over my mouth and looked directly at me. Her
eyes were so dark and piercing and intimidating and she was so beautiful and I
was so worthless and she was so far above me and I was an insect, a worm, a
slave and then everything went dark.

* * * * *

It was warm when I awoke, very much so. The air was thick and humid, and the
ground beneath me almost burned me. I awoke sluggishly at first, compeltely
unaware of where I was or what had happened. Understanding came slowly, and it
must have been several minutes before I opened my eyes and tried to move.

I couldn't. I was bound tightly, spreadeagled naked and on my front, on a hot
stone floor. My body was painfully stretched out by red chains extending to
hooks in the floor. My muscles were pulled harshly and my skin burned from the
heat. Most painful of all was the hardness of my arousal. My cock was erect,
trapped between my belly and the floor.

Moaning, I raised my head as far as I could and looked around. I was
underground, and in a stone chamber. I could not see the roof, or too far to
either side, but the chamber must have been large. The walls were uncarved, and
so it must be a cave of some kind. There were various manacles and chains fixed
to the wall I could see, and everything was tinged red. The wall, the floor, the
chains, the flickering light of the torches, even the dancing shadows. It
reminded me of the torture chamber I had seen before, and my heart almost jumped
in my chest.

I turned my head and, through the thick, red haze that filled the room, I saw a
crystal box, similar to the one before. It was placed before the wall, beside a
small pool. There was something on the wall, behind the pool and it took me
several minutes to realise it was the form of a statue, as red as the stone
itself, obviously carved from the bare bones of the chamber. The statue was the
same as the one I had seen before, of the naked woman, only many times larger.
It would have been at least three or four feet taller than I was. It made me
tremble just to look at it.

I turned my eyes away and glanced briefly at the crystal prison. I started.
There was a woman in there, tightly wrapped in red bandages, only her eyes and
her loins visible. She had been shaved, and her cunt seemed to throb with each
beat of her heart.

Then I caught her eyes, and realised it was Elanna.

In that instant, I remembered everything that had happened. How she had bound
me, and the pleasure she had obtained from my body. How the red woman had
interrupted us, and how Elanna had betrayed me in exchange for being permitted
to join them. It seemed she had not been treated any better than I had.

Her betrayal cut into me. I had been so filled with pleasure at submitting to
her. I had known in those moments that that was what I had always wanted done to
me, and I could see the pleasure in her own body. I had realised my true
submissiveness just as she had her true dominance. I had never loved anyone as
much as I had in those moments.

And then she had betrayed me.

"Mistress," I whispered. My throat was very dry, almost parched from the heat of
the room. I looked at the pool but knew somehow that the water from there would
not slake my thirst at all. "Mistress." That fom of address was ingrained on me
now, and I doubted I would ever again know her as anything else.

She could not speak of course, and even if she could I would not be able to hear
her through the crystal of her prison. I was sure, however, that I saw her blink
once.

"Mistress," I said again. "Why?" My body shook, and I found tears welling up in
my eyes. "Mistress..." She blinked again. I thought I saw her begin to cry.

"I love you, Mistress," I sobbed.

Again, I was not sure if she had heard me or not. It did not matter to me, not
so long as I had said the words, even just to myself. I rested my head on the
stone floor and wept until I felt almost sick.

Some time later, perhaps minutes, perhaps hours, I stirred to the sound of
footsteps behind me. I raised my head and looked around as far as my bonds would
allow. I could not see anyone, but I knew that someone was there. I could feel
her presence, and my heart beat faster. My arousal grew more pronounced and more
painful.

"Please," I sobbed. "Please, I'm sorry. Let me go."

"Did you think you could steal from us and expect to escape our wrath?" said a
thickly accented female voice. It may have been the same woman who had appeared
in Elanna's room, but I could not be sure.

"I'm sorry. I didn't know."

"No, you did not, but you stole from us any way. There is always a consequence.
Always."

The woman walked into view. She was dressed similarly to the previous red woman,
if indeed they were different. She wore red slippers, a long, trailing red
loincloth and a thin, filmy red veil. She wore no cloak and her breasts were
bare. She was beautiful, powerful and erotic. The red metal bands she wore
around her neck and wrists - presumably symbols of her slavery to Lir - only
accentuated her dominance. Her hair was long and fiery, trailing unbound
majestically down her back.

"And you will learn those consequences soon enough. It is not your turn now."

She walked over to the pool and dipped her hands into it, splashing it across
her face. She shivered noticeably at the touch of the water on her body, and I
doubted it was just because of the cold.

That done, she walked to the crystal coffin that held my Mistress. She released
a catch, and Elanna fell forward helplessly. I could see just how tightly
wrapped in the bandages she was. They covered her so tightly as to almost be a
second skin. Her nipples rose prominently through the bandages. Now that she was
removed from the coffin, I could see that the cloth of the bandages itself was
not red, but white stained red.

The red woman began to slowly unwrap Elanna. It was a long and slow process, not
helped by Elanna's shuddering gasps as she became more and more free to move. My
Mistress did not say anything as her mouth was freed, but she was panting
heavily. I had seen similar signs in her before and knew she was intensely
sexually aroused, although I had never seen her aroused to this degree before.

When the bandages were all removed and Elanna lay there naked, the red woman
dragged her to a stake directly in front of me, about ten feet or so from my
outstretched and bound hands. Elanna hung limp as she was bound there, her
wrists manacled tightly behind the stake, her legs pulled far apart and chained
to her floor, so that she was kneeling, as a slave would before her Mistress.
Her head was tilted back, and her breath was coming in great, gasping, slow
pants. Her beautiful breasts were rising and falling with shuddering motions. It
could have been the thickness of the air, but her skin seemed to have tanned
lightly red.

"For twenty hours you have been bound," the red woman told my Mistress, one hand
in her hair, holding Elanna's head steady. "For twenty hours the water of Lir's
arousal has soaked into your skin through the bandages you ere entombed in. You
said you wished to join us, and you would undergo any test. You have passed the
first, but that was easy. This is the second, and it is harder. Some have been
known to die from it."

The red woman guided her head to look at me. Elanna's eyes were wide and groggy,
as if she were looking at me through a haze.

"Oh!" she moaned. "Oh, no!" Her body was shaking as much as her restraints would
allow. Her cunt was pulsating.

"Look at him," the red woman whispered seductively. "See him naked and bound.
You will be a slave to Lir once your initiation is complete. He wll be your
slave, to do with as you please. Do not try to speak, but think of what you
would do to him. Think of all the things you can put him through for your
pleasure, and in Lir's worship. Think of riding him, of fucking him, of raping
him."

"No," Elanna moaned. "No!"

"Think of him beneath you, bound so helplessly, subject to you every mercy.
Think of Lir looking down upon you. Think of your release, your pleasure..."

Elanna's moans ere growing louder. She was almost screaming.

"Think of your orgasm."

Elanna did scream as her orgasm ripped through her. I had seen her lost in
passion before, but never like this. She was wild and unrestrained in her cries,
pulling frenziedly at her bonds, her legs twitching, her cries so loud I could
not believe they would not be heard outside this chamber, or even all over the
city.

The sheer wildness of her orgasm hit me as well, and I strained for release, the
hardness of my cock digging into my stomach so hard it hurt.

Elanna finally sank back, but her orgasm did not seem to have eased her. In
fact, she seemed almost more aroused than she had been before.

The red woman released her grip on my Mistress' head. "Some women have been
known to die from the bursts of pleasure," she said, matter-of-factly. "They
were too weak to accept the blessing Lir has bestowed on them. This will
continue for many hours. If you survive it, you will have taken a major step
along your transformation to Slave of Lir. I am not concerned with you now.

"Watch, listen, and try to endure. Do not attempt to speak except in cries of
your orgasm."

The red woman tuned to me.

"It is you I am interested in now, thief," she hissed.

I began to sob again, and try to plead for mercy. She cut me off instantly.

"Silence!" she hissed. I stopped, although there were still tears in my eyes.
"You will speak only to answer a question. Do not beg. Do not grovel. Do not
plead for mercy. There will be none. Do you understand?"

"Yes," I rasped. "Yes, Mistress!" I added quickly.

"Good. My name is Lirelta, but to you, I am 'Mistress'. All women are slaves to
Lir, and all men are slaves to Her women. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Yes, you do. You are a slave, aren't you?"

"Yes, Mistress."

She extended her foot towards me, delicately holding it before my mouth. She
said nothing,but waited. Gingerly, I stretched forward and began to kiss the toe
of her slipper. I licked and kissed her foot for long moments, the only sound
that of Elanna's anguished orgasm in the background. Mistress Lirelta said
nothing.

Finally, she withdrew her foot. "Yes," she said. "You are a slave. Describe one
of your fantasies to me. Do not seek to lie. Tell me what you most wished to
have happen to you."

I sobbed, shaking. She could not want me to... I could not... But she had told
me not to beg or grovel. I had to obey her. I had expected pain, and I knew she
would not hesitate to hurt me if she so wished, but this seemed far worse. The
knowledge that Elanna was here and would hear this, even as she was, the
knowledge that I would have to confess everything to Mistress Lirelta. I knew
that she would leave me no hint of dignity or privacy. It was not just my body
that was naked before her. She wanted my soul naked and helpless as well.

"Speak," she said, in a dangerous tone of voice.

"I am naked," I said, speaking so softly I was hardly sure I had spoken at all.
I did not know if she had heard me.

"Continue," she hissed. Elanna had stopped screaming and she simply hung there,
pulling weakly at her restraints. She was looking at me with drugged eyes. I
knew she would hear every word.

"I am naked," I said again, and I felt a shiver in my stomach. I had dreamed of
this for so long. To admit it now was shameful and degrading, but also exciting
and arousing. "I am kneeling before a beautiful woman. She was wearing high
boots, with high heels, but nothing else. She is carrying a whip."

I paused, and swallowed. My mouth was very dry. I continued.

"My knees are far apart and my ankles are fixed with a spreader, rigid, so that
I can't move them."

"I know the sort," Mistress Lirelta said. "We have many such devices."

"My hands are not bound, but are stretched out before me, palms up. My Mistress
is standing on them, exerting enough pressure to hold me there, but not enough
to hurt me.

"I lean forward and kiss the inside of her boot. I say, 'I love and worship you,
Mistress'. Then she whips me across the back. It is a quick blow, more startling
than painful. I then kiss the other boot, and say the same, and she whips me
again. I repeat that, and each time she hits me." I paused, hoping she would
allow me to stop there. Please, let me stop there.

She did not, of course.

"Continue," she said.

"There is another woman behind me. I cannot see her, but I know she is there. I
do not know what she is wearing, but I do know she has a... a..."

"A what?"

"A phallus, strapped to her body."

"And then?"

"While I am worshipping my Mistress, the second woman rapes my arse. My Mistress
continues to whip me."

"You are a slave slut, aren't you?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Of course you are. We can spot such as you easily. All men are slaves to Lir's
women, but some are more slave than others. Some crave the collar and the whip
and the humiliation. Lir is most fond of those men, and we offer them up to Her
gladly."

Mistress Lirelta stepped backwards to beside Elanna, who was still staring at
me. Elanna's breath was coming quicker and harsher.

"Did you hear that?" Mistress Lirelta asked. "See it in your mind. See him
kneeling as he described. See yourself before him. See..." Her next words were
lost by Elanna's scream s her body shook and yet another orgasm filled her.

Mistress Lirelta turned away from her casually and back to me.

"Describe the first time you had sex," she ordered. "Do not lie."

No! I touched my head to the stone floor, not noticing the heat it gave off. No!
Would she leave me nothing, not even the faintest scrap of dignity. Then I
realised. Of course she would not. I was a slave. I was not to be allowed
dignity.

"Begin," she commanded.

"I was eighteen years old, Mistress," I began, contemptibly and shamefully. "It
was night-time and I had been drinking in a tavern near the docks. There had...
there had been a dancing slave girl there and I had been aroused. I was a little
drunk and aroused."

"Continue."

"She was a whore, Mistress. She approached me on my way home. She was older than
I was, and I thought she was very beautiful. I had been approached by prostitues
before, but never by someone like her. I had a handful of coins left, and showed
them to her. It was enough for her to suck and lick me. She had a room at a
nearby inn, and we went there. My heart was pounding all the time."

"Describe her," Mistress Lirelta ordered.

"She was older than I was, Mistress, perhaps almost thirty. She had dark brown
hair, to her shoulders. She was shorter than me by a few inches. She was
voluptuous, and she wore a very low cut, ripped shirt and a short, high-slit
skirt."

"Continue."

"I was scared when we entered her room. She disrobed before me, slowly. I
watched her, too afraid to reach out to her. When she was naked, she told me to
strip as well. I did so. It seemed to take me twice as long as she had. My hands
were shaking so much I could barely undo my shirt or belt.

"When I was naked, she pushed me to the bed. She bent over me, and took my cock
in her mouth, sucking and licking at me. It was over quickly, and she spat my
cum out into a bucket."

"There is more."

"No, Mistress. I simply dressed and left."

"Do not lie to me. There is more."

"Yes, Mistress. As I dressed I asked her what else she did. She told me the
prices for her various services. For full sex, for various... fantasies. I
wanted to ask her how much it would cost for her to tie me up and fuck me on
top."

"Did you?"

"No, Mistress. I wanted to."

"But you did not?"

"No, Mistress. I was too afraid. I wanted to go back and find her again, but
when I saw her on the streets, I always ran away without looking at her."

"You knew you were a slave at heart, and you were too afraid to face it."

"Yes, Mistress." It was true. I hated myself utterly.

"Well, slave. Imagine for one moment that you can ask of me any one thing at
all, and I shall grant it, for Lir can be a kindly Mistress. You can ask for
your freedom, or her release, or revenge on her for having betrayed you. You
have one request, slave. What is it?"

I paused, my cock pounding and throbbing, trapped between my body and the floor.
I knew I could ask to be freed, and I wanted to. I was so scared of what might
happen to me, or Elanna. Mistress Lirelta terrified me, but she had also shamed
me. I knew that if I did escape somehow, I would never be the same. That brief
moment of ecstacy bound in Elanna's possession, and the long hour of humiliation
and revelation under Mistress Lirelta's command had changed me forever.

I was a slave now. For now and ever.

I was afraid of what she might do to me, but I was more afraid of never feeling
this aroused again, and of never having felt the ecstacy of rape again. I wished
I had gone back to that whore, or that I had asked Elanna earlier, or any one of
a hundred other opportunities I had had and passed up.

There was only one choice.

"I want you to rape me, Mistress," I said, hollowly, ashamed, but also excited.
If only she would grant my wish. If only.

She smiled beneath her veil. "You see. You are a slave slut."

"Yes, Mistress," I said. "I am a slave slut."

She walked from my view, moving behind me to where I could not see. I dared
raise my eyes and look at Elanna. She looked weak and exhausted, hanging limp in
her bonds, her body shaking. Her cunt was still throbbing, and I doubted she had
had the last of the orgasms Mistress Lirelta had promised her. I could
understand how some women had died under this.

"I love you," I whispered to her. I doubt she heard me.

Mistress Lirelta moved back into view, and I bowed my head to the floor. "Look
at me, slave," she ordered. I did so.

She had removed her long, loincloth and now wore something else in its place.
There were straps of red leather across her waist and between her legs, and
fixed in the middle of them, was a long, hard, blood red wooden phallus. She
stroked it softly and looked at me. It took a moment for comprehension to dawn,
and then my eyes widened.

"No!" I screamed.

"You asked me to rape you, slave," she said. "You did not specify the nature of
your rape. Besides, this was part of your fantasy, remember."

"No, Mistress, please!"

She walked back around to behind me, and I felt the light pressure of her body
on mine. Her fingers explored my anus, and then her hands ran up my back. I felt
the light probing and pressure of the end of the phallus, and I cried out at the
touch.

Roughly, she grabbed a handful of my hair, and pulled my head up sharply, so
that I was staring directly at Elanna.

"Head up," Mistress Lirelta hissed, and, almost drunkenly, Elanna raised her
head. Her eyes were drugged and unclear. "Watch."

And then, with a sharp stab of motion and pain, she thrust into me. I screamed,
more loudly and with greater agony than I had ever known. Elanna's eyes widened,
and she tried to say something. Then her body convulsed, and she began to moan
again.

Roughly, and with greater and greater force, Mistress Lirelta continued to
thrust herself deeper and deeper into my body. I screamed and cried out, and
tried pleading for mercy, but she did not stop. My every noise only compelled
her to greater urgency. Finally, I could do nothing but try to breathe.

Before me, Elanna was in the throes of yet another orgasm, this one seemingly
more powerful than any of the countless others she had already experienced. She
was screaming, tears in her eyes, and thrashing in her bonds. Sweat trickled
down the valley beneath her breasts, and her pubic hair was matted and damp with
the oil of her arousal.

My own arousal became even stronger with each thrust into me, although I would
not have thought it possible. I was shaking, and, hideous as it was, I felt my
own surrender coming. As Elanna screamed and cried in front of me, and Mistress
Lirelta abused my body behind me, I felt myself taken to higher sensation than I
had ever known before.

I managed enough air for a final scream as I came, my burning hot cum shooting
out to fill the thin gap between the floor and my belly. It seemed to burn me as
it poured from me, and I cried out from the heat.

That same instant, Elanna's body sank back, and she lay there, whimpering.

Mistress Lirelta withdrew from me, and I cried with the pain of her withdrawal
as I had from her entry. My arse burned with the pain and force of her rape of
me, and now that my surrender had come, I felt the pain and the shame more.

"You see," Mistress Lirelta said. "You are truly a slave slut. You will make a
fine gift for Lir."

With that, she left, and I was alone for a long time, with only Elanna's near
unconscious, twitching body and my own shameful, self-loathing thoughts for
company.

* * * * *

With a sharp pull on the end of the leash around my neck, Mistress Lirelta
brought my head up. She had thrown me down onto the ground hard and the impact
had stunned me. Bound as I was, with my wrists and elbows tightly held behind my
back, my wrists and knees equally tightly bound, and a rough, hard phallus gag
in my mouth, there had been no way for me to cushion the fall, and I had simply
lain there.

I had been forced to follow her wriggling on my belly. If I fell behind, she had
roughly pulled me forward again. I had seen little of the places she had brought
me through, but I had the feeling we had been going deeper.

I looked up at what was before me, and my eyes widened.

There were two statues. One, the one I noticed first, was clearly of the Goddess
Lir. It was like the statues I had seen earlier, but much bigger, almost twelve
feet tall. It was carved from a bright red stone, and gold manacles were around
Her wrists and neck. The statue was a carving of the most beautiful and erotic
woman imaginable. The air was thick and heavy with smoke, and the edges of the
statue seemed to blur, almost as if She were moving.

The second statue was set some six feet or so in front of Her, and it was of a
man kneeling as a slave. The statue was life size. The man's hands were behind
his back, his head was upraised to stare at the Goddess, his knees were spread
wide and he bore a masive erection, larger surely than any man was capable of.

I had hard and erect myself. I did not know how much time had passed since I had
been captured. After my humiliating and violent anal rape at the hands of
Mistress Lirelta I had simply lain there. Some other Priestesses had come and
dragged away Elanna's semi-conscious and writhing body, but not without looking
at me and smiling beneath their veils with lewd gestures and comments.

I had not been touched again, although Mistress Lirelta had returned. She had
questioned me further, humiliating questions about my fantasies, my sexual
partners, my slave desires. She had pleasured hersef before me, making me inhale
the aroma of her arousal and her release. She had made me beg her to touch me,
to rape me, even to fuck me up the arse again.

But she did not touch me, not even with the whip she swished around my bound
body.

I was released briefly, occasionally, and permitted to walk about, regaining
feeling in my numb muscles. I was fed, on my knees, and given water, the red
water from the pool, which only aroused me more. I was not permitted to pleasure
myself, and as soon as I was done, I was bound tightly again.

I was aware there were other Priestesses, but only rarely saw them. If I did, I
could not differentiate them, save that they were all beautiful, and maddeningly
sexy and desirable, and they all knew as much. Mistress Lirelta was the only one
who spoke to me, and she did so only to question or humiliate me.

I dared ask about Elanna, and the only reply I received was that her training
was continuing.

And then, with no explanation or reason, one day I had been brought here,
wriggling on my belly. My chest and stomach burned from the hardness of the
floor, but the worst pain was in my cock. The erection burned as I crawled
along.

I looked at Mistress Lirelta, and to my surprise, she was kneeling, as a slave,
her knees spread wide, her head bound, her hands on her thighs. I was about to
ask her, when a warm smell hit me, and I gasped with sudden and terrifying
arousal. My whole body shivered, and I jerked in my bonds, moaning.

A woman was walking forward. She seemed impossibly tall, and I knew she would
have to be at least as tall as Lirelta, probably more so. Her skin seemed to be
tinged red, although I had no idea if that was real, or paint or the effect from
the haze in the air. She was almost naked, and her body was flawless, a human
version of the statue. Her legs were long and shapely, her breasts voluptuous
and perfectly proportional to her frame, her waist small, her belly rounded, her
feet delicate.

She wore only two garments. One was a hood, deep red in colour that completely
covered her face. I could not even see any room for eyeholes, or any means of
breathing. Long, fiery red hair streamed from behind it, almost down to the
small of her back.

The other was a thin belt of gold. Tucked into it was a dagger, wickedly curved
and sharp. There was a red line across her bare thigh where the blade had
obviously cut her. The handle of the dagger was carved in the form of an erect
phallus, and I had no doubt it served a twin purpose as a masturbation aide.

She was beautiful, the act of sexual dominance made flesh. I could almost
believe she had been the model for the statues of Lir, but somehow I seemed to
know that she had modelled herself after them. She was nearly identical.

"Mistress," Mistress Lirelta said, still on her knees. "Here is the one."

"Yes," breathed a soft voice. I did not see how she could have spoken through
that hood, but then I realised she had not. Her words were spoken directly into
my mind, with a soft rush of warm air. I could feel her hot breath on the back
of my neck, sense the trail of her long fingernails down my chest. I shook with
longing and desire.

"He is ready?" she asked.

"Yes, Mistress."

"He is worthy?"

"Yes, Mistress. He is a perfect slave. He had already all but trained himself.
All he truly needed was the realisation that this was no dream, and there was no
escape, and he completed everything within his own mind."

"That kind is rare."

"He is a true and perfect slave, Mistress."

"Yes." I could feel her examining my thoughts and memories. It was a terrible
violation, more shaming and numbing that anything Mistress Lirelta had done to
me. I cried helplessly above my gag, aware that she was studying my first sexual
encounter, my fantasies, my desire for Elanna.

"Yes," she said in my mind after a pause. "He will make a fine offering for
Lir."

"All women are slaves to Lir," Mistress Lirelta intoned dutifully.

"And all men slaves to Her women," came the reply. "What of the apprentice? This
Elanna?"

"She is ready, too, Mistress. She is dominant, and passionate. She has survived
all the tests, and her fantasies were exquisite. She is worthy, Mistress."

"Then let her have the final test."

"When, Mistress?"

"Tonight. See that he is prepared."

"As you command, Mistress."

With a soft whish of air, she was gone, and Mistress Lirelta rose awkwardly,
shaking, sweat clinging to her body. She touched her thigh and moaned. Then she
looked at me.

"You have to be prepared," she breathed.

Time passed in a blur of ecstacy and desire and arousal and pain. Mistress
Lirelta unbound my feet and let me walk behind her away from the statue room.
She led me to a small alcove that contained only a statue, and a pool, large
enough for one person to bathe in.

I knew instantly what she intended for me, and I tried to struggle, but
obviously there was nothing I could do. She pushed me to the edge of the floor,
forced me in so that I was up to my waist and then, heedless of my plaintive
moans through my gag, she grasped my hair tightly.

"These are the worships of Lir," she said. "All women are slaves to Lir, and all
men are slaves to Her women. Men and women are offered to Her through the same
steps. This is the first, that of desire unending.

"For the woman the desire is that in perpetuity, their body changed to absorb
and accept it as Lir's gift to Her slaves.

"For the man the desire is unfulfilled, his body taut on the precipice of a
release that can only come by Her will."

Saying that, she pushed my head beneath.

The water was warm, but not uncomfortably so. It tingled on the skin of my lower
body, and my already erect cock seemed to burn with the sensation. When my head
was pushed beneath, the feeling changed. The water suddenly felt very cold, and
very restrictive, and very terrifying. I struggled, but could not move, could
not order my muscles to obey me, could not do anything.

Then she pulled my head out of the water, and I blinked, shaking it from my face
and eyes. Everything I looked upon seemed blurred and ghostly. Mistress Lirelta
herself seemed almost ethereal, and the colours of her body and clothing a lot
more pronounced, where everything else seemed duller.

My cock was straining, and I felt that I would not be able to endure much longer
without release. I would die. This of course, was precisely the reverse of what
had happened to Elanna.

The rest passed in a blur of desire and pain, everything existing in a haze,
dream-like and ethereal, but also very real.

I was strapped to a frame, bound securely with manacles at my wrists and ankles
that burned my sensitive skin. I still bore the gag, and the saliva that
collected around the edges of my mouth seemed boiling. My lips cracked and dried
with the heat.

"This is the second," Mistress Lirelta said. "That of pain inflicting."

"For the woman the pain is that of inflicting, her body used as the instrument
to punish and arouse those who do not follow Lir with all they are. Their pain
is that of the eternal desire. Their duty is to issue true pain on the
non-believers.

"For the man the pain is that inflicted, his body abused to heighten his desire
and his degradation. It is a mark of his status and his purpose. To Lir, pain
and pelasure are the same, and the man must know them as so."

She whipped me, harsh and violently. Long, heavy blows along my back. Short,
quicker ones along my buttocks and thighs. I shook in my bonds, trying to speak
through my gag, but the only sounds that came through were pathetic grunts.

She even used a short, thin crop, much like the one I had stolen a million years
ago, to whip my cock. As she had said, the pain only heightened my arousal, and
I wept because I could not scream.

The pain seemed eternal, the arousal more so.

I was on my belly before her, kissing and licking her feet. I was bound tightly
and helpless. Sometimes she whipped me, others she complimented me, patting my
head. She called me 'good pet' and fed me from her hands. I took the food,
although the shame of it filled me.

"This is the third, that of shame degrading.

"For the woman the shame is that of doubting, her soul weighed always before the
glory of Lir's, her arousal and her release and her punishment coming always
from Her. The shame is that of her own doubting her worth to receive these
blessings.

"For the man the shame is that of knowing, his mind aware of his worthlessness
and helplessness. He is unworthy to receive the glories of ecstacy and desire
given to the women by Lir. All he deserves is humliation and degradation and
sacrifice, and he knows he is not worthy even of that."

There were others, but I could not experience them. The desire and the pain had
swamped out everything else. I had no idea of how long I had been there, her
helpless slave. I called her 'Mistress' and pleaded with her to rape me, even to
fuck my arse as she had that once, but she never did.

It was in that same state of anguished arousal that I was led, on my belly, back
to the chamber where rested the giant statue to Lir, and the statue of the
kneeling man.

The High Priestess was there as Mistress Lirelta led me in. Elanna was there as
well, completely naked, kneeling before the statue of the man, her eyes glazed.
Beside her was another Priestess, short and voluptuous, with long, reddish-blond
hair sweeping down her back. I wanted her to rape me. Just from the sight of a
woman I wanted to be raped by her.

I truly was a slave.

"Who comes?" spoke the sensuous voice of the High Priestess in my mind.

"A slave to Lir's women," replied Mistress Lirelta, obediently. I was gagged
tightly, and could not speak at all.

"For what purpose?"

"To be sacrificed to Lir."

"Is he worthy?"

"He is unworthy. He is shamed and degraded. He is a slut. He is unworthy of all,
but he will serve as a sacrifice."

"Are any worthy?"

"No man can ever be worthy of sacrifice to Lir, and She has never yet requested
a woman."

"We have one who seeks to become a Slave to Lir. She is unblooded. Is he
untaken?"

"He is untaken."

"Will he be worthy of being her first? Will his sacrifice enable her to be truly
a Slave to Lir?"

"He is not, but it will."

"Then bind him, that he may await Lir's worship."

The words had the feel of a ritual, but I was not able to think on what they
meant. The air of the High Priestess' voice filled my mind, and all I was
conscious of was my desire. I heard the word 'sacrifice' but I had no idea of
what it meant.

I was led forward, to the foot of the statue, between Lir and the kneeling man.
There, just before Elanna and the blond Priestess, Mistress Lirelta unbound me,
entirely. She removed every inch of rope that had marked my body, even the gag.
I felt like moaning with relief. The ropes had become a part of me as I had worn
them. They had been changed, and varied and altered, but I had always worn some
kind of bondage since I had been captured and brought here. Wearing none at all
felt strange.

My hands twitched, tormented by the agony of my arousal and the freedom of being
unbound. I tried to reach for myself, when Mistress Lirelta took my arms firmly,
and pushed me back. I swayed, and lost balance, unused to standing, and I fell
onto the statue.

I threw my head back and screamed as the giant, erect phallus of the kneeling
man penetrated my anus. Mistress Lirelta forced me onto it harshly, so that it
filled me, stretching and tearing at my body. The pain that racked me left me
utterly vulnerable to her pulling my arms behind the back of the statue and
binding them there.

The process of my binding was done swiftly and efficiently, and one I could
barely notice through the pain. My elbows were pulled tight and bound behind the
back of the statue, my forearms pulled upwards and my wrists bound to a hook at
the back of the statue's collar. My legs were pulled far apart and the ankles
bound to the ankles of the statue. Rope was looped around my neck to form a
collar, which was double-looped around the neck of the statue.

I was held utterly helpless there, my body spread open and fixed tightly. The
tightness of my collar made it hard for me to breathe and the awkward
positioning of my arms thrust my chest forward.

I was wide open, ready for the taking, aroused and helpless, and brutally
violated. I shook and moaned, trying to struggle in my bonds, but the slightest
movement only put more pressure on my arms and caused greater hardship
breathing.

Mistress Lirelta stood back before the High Priestess.  "He is bound," she said.
"And he awaits Lir's worship."

"Is he bound as a slave?" asked the High Priestess, again speaking in my mind
with a warmth and sensualiy that sent tremors through my body.

"He is a slave, and is bound as one."

"Is he open as a slave?"

"He is a slave, and is opened as one."

"Is he ready as a slave?"

"He is a slave, and is ready as one."

"Then he will await Lir's worship."

Mistress Lirelta bowed deeply, and I sensed that the ritual was over. All that
mattered now was for the greater ritual to begin, the one that would feature my
sacrifice.

Priestesses began to appear from nowhere, walking into my field of vision. All
of them wore the veils and the slippers, but many had shed all the other
articles of clothing. I watched one tall, slender woman shed her cloak before my
eyes, letting it gently and seductively fall to the floor as if she were a snake
shedding her skin.

They looked at me, and I could see smiles twitching beneath their veils. The
short, voluptuous blond who had been standing beside Elanna was openly admiring
my body, running her eyes up and down me. Her eyes were dark and possessive and
very sensuous.

I did not know how many there were. Only a few seemed clear and precise to my
eyes. Mistress Lirelta. The short, voluptuous blond. The tall slender one. The
others all seemed to blur into one image of beauty and eroticism and sexual
power.

I was moaning, and whimpering, and twitching, begging through my bonds, half
pleading to be set free, and half to be ravished and abused there and then. They
were so powerful, so dominant, so intoxicatingly arousing.

Finally, when I thought I could take no more, the sound of drums beating
started. At first they were slow, and rhythmic, but then they became louder and
quicker and more frenzied. The Priestesses began to sway and rock gently, and
then they started to move in time to the beat, glazed, passionate expressions on
their faces.

The short, voluptuous blonde was the first to begin dancing. Her beautiful body
moved and swirled with an arrogant, dominant grace. The tall, slender Priestess
followed suit, and then they were all dancing,. their bodies swirling around me
in a blur of desire.

I pulled and struggled in as much of a frenzy as there, salivia filling my
mouth, my cock straining for release. I couldn't see individual Priestesses now.
They were merely a blur of motion and eroticism.

Then, the circle seemed to part, and Elanna stepped through them, approaching me
slowly, with a sway to her hips, and a sultry smile on her face, and the
knowledge that she was a woman with a helpless, bound, hopelessly aroused man to
use at her whim.

She mounted me in a quick bound, wrapping her legs around my waist and thrusting
herself down on me. I cried out with pleasure as her wetness enfolded me. Her
body was hot, almost burning. She rained kisses on my neck and shoulders, biting
my skin sharply. I cried out, with pain and pleasure, the two the same.

She pulled her head back from my neck and looked at me, panting harshly, still
thrusting her body up and down on mine. The look in her eyes was one of
complete, unbridled arousal.

Then, she lowered her head and kissed me. It was powerful and masterful, taking
my mouth utterly. Her sharp teeth grzed against my lips, and then bit down
sharply, drawing blood. I cried out, and her breath became all the harsher.

There were no words. Neither of us were capable of them. They did not matter
anyway. All I could do was scream and moan. All she could do was pant and gasp.
She was issuing strange sounds that it took me a while to realise was the word
"Lir!" over and over again.

Her body pushed so tightly against mine, her breasts pressing against my chest,
her legs hot and hard and tight around me, her cunt almost boiling with arousal.

She threw her head back as she came, literally screaming with ecstacy. The oil
of her arousal was burning me and I screamed as well. Her fingernails dug
violently into my shoulders and her screams filled my ears. It seemed she had
come within seconds, but time meant nothing to me at all - to either of us.

As her fingernails ripped into my sensitive skin, I came at last, spurting my
seed high into her. I cried out as I did so. Never had I known such ecstacy,
such release, such passion.

Her frenzied jerking stopped, and she slowly, wearily, lowered her head to look
me directly in the eye. As I looked up at her I saw, through the ecstacy, the
passion, the pain, I saw the eyes of the woman I had loved and adored. The woman
who had been my lover.

Then she slid from my helpless body, falling back onto the ground, disentangling
herself from me. She lay still at my feet, her ripe breasts rising and falling
with the ragged motions of her breathing.

I raised my head and looked ahead of me. The dancing had stopped, and the other
Priestesses were looking at me. I swallowed harshly, my throat very dry, and I
realised two things.

Firstly, that I was still painfully aroused and erect.

And secondly, this was nowhere near over.

The short, voluptuous blond bounded over towards me, moving lithely and
gracefully over the Elanna's prone body. She looked at me long and intently,
tilted her head and shaking threads of sweat-sodden hair from her face. She
smiled, slowly, and dominantly.

Then, wordlessly, she stepped up to me, jumping up so that she stood on my
thighs. She was not heavy, and she was graceful, and she kept her balance
easily. Her hands entwined in my hair, and she pulled my head forward as far as
my bonds would allow. My mouth was level with her groin, and the smell of
arousal from her cunt was overpowering.

She pulled at my hair sharply, and, obediently, I opened my mouth and extended
my tongue and began to kiss and caress her.

She moaned loudly as I worked on her, at first wordless cries, but then there
came meaning. "Praise Lir!" she cried. "Praise Lir!"

And "Fuck slut!" she hissed, pulling hard on my hair. "Worthless fuck slut
whore!"

I kissed and licked her cunt, drinking the juices of her arousal. Her blond fur
was matted to her skin and the lips of her pussy were full and red. Her cries
returned to the wordless moans of ecstacy, and she came, screaming, thrusting
her groin harder and harder against my face.

Finally, she slid down from me and stood before me, a glazed look of
satisfaction in her eyes. I looked at her, breathing in and out slowly, her
arousal still on my face.

Suddenly, she struck me harshly, a violent, ringing blow that stunned me. My
head struck the head of the statue, and bright lights flashed in front of my
eyes. When my vision returned, what seemed a few moments later, she had stepped
back, and a new Priestess had moved forward to claim me, mounting and raping me.

Time did not mean anything. There was rape and pain and arousal. The woman
blurred into one, although some few were noticeable. The tall, slender Priestess
I had remarked earlier, crawled on her belly towards me, raising her veil up
over her mouth and, her hands on my thighs, she lowered her mouth onto my cock,
sucking greedily at me. When I came with many anguished cries, she threw her
head back and spat my cum all over my chest. It was hot, almost burning and I
screamed with the sensation. A drop of my thick cum trickled down from her mouth
as she studied me through half-lidded eyes.

Between rapes, I could vaguely see the High Priestess, standing directly in
front of the giant statue to Lir. Elanna had been dragged back there, aware from
the dancing Priestesses, and the High Priestess stood over her, holding the long
dagger she had borne before. She gripped the blade tightly, and was masturbating
furiously with the phallus-shaped handle. Her blood and arousal trickled down
onto Elanna's writhing body.

Finally, there remained only two who had not taken their pleasures on my body.
The High Priestess, and Mistress Lirelta.

Mistress Lirelta stepped forward, majestic and beautiful. She shook her long
hair back and regarded me over her veil. Her eyes were clear and telling, not
fogged by lust or desire as some of the other Priestess' had been.

She reached out and touched the underside of my chin, holding my head steady so
that I could do nothing but stare at her. I was trembling.

"All women are slaves to Lir," she intoned. "And all men slaves to Her women.
You have been a fine slave, but your greatest act of worship is still to come.
Soon."

Then she stepped forward, regally, and mounted my body. She moved up and down on
me slowly, agonisingly slowly, rarely settling on me before she rose again. Her
breasts began to rise and fall faster and faster.

"Praise Lir!" she moaned. She looked at me. "Praise Lir!"

I knew then it was a command and not a prayer. "Merciful Lir," I sobbed.
"Merciful Mistress Lir."

She found that amusing, and laughed. "Lir has no mercy, slave slut," she hissed.
"And nor have I."

She then finished her rape of me with violence and force, raking my chest and
shoulders, re-opening wounds made earlier this night. She did not lift her veil
to kiss or bite me, but she kept studying me with her deep, intense eyes, that
never lost her regal power even when she was shaking and shuddering in orgasm.

When she was done, with a violent and forceful shudder, she stepped back from my
body and moved into the circle of Priestesses. Ther dance had stopped, and they
were simply watching me, sweat cooling on their bodies, sated with their
conquest of my body.

"All men are slaves to Lir's women," said the High Priestess, stepping forward,
holding the hilt of her dagger reverently in both hands. I began to moan. "This
one has been used for our pleasure, and used well. It is now time for him to go
and serve Lir directly."

Sacrifice. I knew what they meant, and began to scream. "No! Please! Mercy!"

Elanna stepped forward, slowly and almost drunkenly. She looked at me. She was
not wearing a veil, but that only made her dazed expression only more telling.
The High Priestess handed her the dagger and she walked towards me.

"No!" I cried out, as Elanna sat astride me. "Elanna! Please! It's me..."

She looked at me, twirling the dagger around in her hands.

"Elanna, I love you," I sobbed. "Please, help me."

She leaned forward, and kissed me, slowly and tenderly, on the lips.

"I love you," she whispered.

And then she smiled. "But I love Lir more."

She shifted her bearing on my body, so that my cock rubbed against her, in the
way she liked. She then placed the hilt of the dagger between her heaving
breasts, and rested the edge of the blade at my chest.

"No!" I screamed. "No!"

"All men are slaves to Lir's women," she said, softly.

She then pushed forward. I cried out, and came, violently spurting myself into
her. The last thing I saw was the smile on her face as blackness took me.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sarijak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





