BDSM Library - The Other Woman




The Other Woman
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a parallel story to author's another story Dr. Benson's Office - wife's revenge.
Any comments or feedback appreciated	 Johncdobbs133601@aol

Particpants:

Lynn, divorcee 37 yrs old attractive natural blonde 37c-27-36 the other woman
and victim

Tammi 40, bleach blond 35c-26-36 the injured wife, And seeking revenge

Dr viki barton 38, brown hair, 34b-24-36. she runs the towns outlaying doctors
Office. It is located in an old walled mansion, in a secluded wooded area just
Outside of the town. Dominant, sadistic. She runs a correctional institute in
The mansion, for those who can afford her services. Preferance women

Mindy 30, 36b-27-36 brunette one of the doctors Assistant's. Preferance bi

Debbie 20, blonde 32a-24-34. the newest addition To the Staff, and is a natural
sadist preferance women And men to torture.



+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Enjoy this fantasy of mine and please Send any comments. Redleg112@hotmail.com


The Other Women

Part I

Lynn slowly woke up,groggy and with a slight headache. She remembered leaving
work after her shift As bar maid.the dark parking lot, the sudden running
footsteps behind her. Then the agonizing kick to her pussy, as She doubled up,
the cloth pressed over her mouth and nose. The sweet unfamiliar smell and
blackness.

She qiuckly realized she was tied down spread eagle on a table. She also
realized that she had been stripped down to her pink lacy bra and pink bikini
panties There was a flourescent light shining overhead. She Began to notre her
surroundings. It appeared that she Was in some kind of medical examination
room.the walls Were lined with stainless steel cabinets. There Was a table on
the other side of the room with what appeared to jars and vials on it and some
instruments that she could not discer. Nearby was a stainless steel Assistants
cart, and severl stools, about the height of the table to which she was bound.
She also noted that the ceiling and walls were padded.	 The door at the other
end of the room opened and a young Blonde girl entered. She was dressed in grey
medical scrubs. She smiled hello honey, i am debbie the doctors assistant. Are
you still groggy? She asked. That will pass. Thirsty? She filled a glass from
One of the bottles on a nearby cart and held up the bound womans head and placed
the glass to her lips.

It had a coppery taste, with a metallic odor. Lynn hesitated. What is this?. Oh
just something to help you relax. Here drink it town. It is a special medication
dr. Barto has prepared for you. Lynn  still hesitated.

Debbie smiled at the older woman pleasently, as she stuck hand under the waist
band of the bound womans panties. She smirked as she grabbed a clump of lynns
pubic hair and yanked-hard. Listen bitch she said, all the while smiling, you
can either drink your medication like a good girl, or i will inject it directly
into one of these cow tots of yours with the biggest longest needle i can find.
Undersatnd. She yanked again for emphasis.

Oh please no said lynn. Please just untie me and let me Go.oh no honey that is
not possible all Patients must be kept in restraints at all times why? Asked
lynn, confused and frightened. The dr will be here shortly and she will explain.
Now we must prepare you for your examination.


I don't neeed to be examined! please let me go cried the woman. Dmaanit untie me
now. Debbie stood over the defenseless captive, and smiled, she reached over
and slowly and relentlessly traced the nipple aureoila of her left niple thru
her skimpy bra. The nipple erected to the stimulation. Bitch said debbis-do not
ever use that tone with me again, she grabbed and squeezed the engorged nipple.
Lynn moaned then wimpered. Adultresses and patients do not make demands-you
understande you disgusting cow titted whore. Ohhh god yes stop, stop Please stop
debbie please!.

Ddebbie  slightly released the pressure to the captive nipple. You may only
address me as nurse debbie, or mistress, debbie you understand she told the
humiliated older woman, with that she pulled and twisted the captive nipple.

Ohh yes nurse mistress debbie, pleeeeaaaase stop oh stop it hurts. Debbie slowly
relaxed the pressure. Well she said, ohhh  thankyou nurse debbie the humiliated
oler woman said. Good move cow tits-lucky it did'nt rip it off grinned the
sadistic debbie. Good smiled debbie, releasing the nipple-you are starting to
learn. Now lets get you ready.

Debbie reached over to the assistants cart and produced a pair of sissors-i
could cuts that fucking nipple off -if i wanted to bitch she said. Ohhhhh no no
no wimpered lynn no pleeesaasssse nurse debbie. Debbie grinned and inserted the
sissors, first thru one strap and then the other, finally thru thtru the small
strap between the cuos of the flimsy bra. Debbie then peeled back the ruined
undergarment. Fully exposing the helpless womans, full breasts. With a finger
she poked lynns full breasts-they real whore she asked?. Yes wimpered yhe
humiliated lynn. What do you carry these melons around with-a wheel barow cow?
Said the jealous flat chested debbie. The embarassed captive blused. Debbie
moved around the table and inserted the sissors into the waistband of the
captive's panties, first right side then the left. Why are you doing this to me
mumbled, the humiliated and helpless older woman. To prepare you for your exam
and punishment-whore. Debbie replied in a sweet little girl voice. You have been
a very bad girl-debbie chided the humiliated woman you have to be punished now.
After she continued, bad girls need and have to be punished. What are you
talking abount screamed the helpless lynn.?? Debbie smiled and slapped the
exposed left breast of her captive, then the right, left, right. She smacked the
large mammeries  a good twenty swats-ohh stop please wispered lynn. Debbie
leaned close to the helpless womanm.

Bitch smirked debbie, the dr will explain everthing. Deb bie examind th helpless
woman pubis patch-lucky you are a real blonde she grinnned. Impiorsonatrs get
special treatment, she pulled a a clump of the hair. Debbie then ran her hands
over the captives vulva, stomach and breasts. She then began tracing, slowly
with her fingernails around the humiliated womans large aureola, of her left
breast.lyynn despite of herself began to repond to the sexual stimulation.

Debbie then moved to the right breast and repeated the process-arousing both the
nipples and her helpless victim. These are the largest and most resposive
nipples i have ever seen grinned debbie, he own nipples now protruding thru her
scrubs. Did i hurt this one baby,? She cooed to lynn as she slowly massaged the
right nipple. Here honey, she said let me kiss it and make it better, debbie
then lowere her head and took the aroused nipple in her mouth. She slowlt
suckled and licked it to full arousal. The heklpless nipple engorged to it's
full erectile state. It's sensitivity grew and debbie constantly flicked her
devilish and talented toungue over it, repeatedly.

She ttraced the aureola and flicked relentlessly at the swelling bud. It grew
mosensitive and larger. Lynn began to respond the warmth in her sex began to
gron, the wetness began between her spread thighs. At this point debbie stopped,
smiled at her captive and said oh baby you are gonna be so much fun, so easy to
arouse and stir up-a real hot subject for the program.

Debbie giggled and moved away. She gazed at the older flushed womans face, and
slowly reaced down and inserted a finger between her nether lips, slowly she
massaged the humiliated lynns clit, arousing it and bringing it to throbbing
erection, sliding back it's protectice hood and making lynn gasp with
desperation. Ha"" what a slut-wet already-no control. Yes oh yes you are gonna
be a lot of fun you horney, immoral bitch slut, spoke tammy in a low little girl
voice. Are all you older cow titted hags this easy to get wet?? Seh asked lynn
matter of factly.

With that her hand descended in a resounding slap tp the helpless victims
breast. Owwwhhhh that hurts stop please lynn cried. Slap, slap, slap. Debbie
alternated between the large mounds of ssnsitive flesh. Debbie slowed and ceased
amongst cries of please nurse debbie please no more, cried lynn, now sobbing.
The older helpless woman was embarrassed and humiliated by this young sadistic,
girl, just out of her teens and her control over her. Let me go please sobbed
lynn. Why are you doing this to me/. Oh no, no sweetie smiled debbie, you will
be a patient here, for a very long time to come. Or should i say not cum, the
elvish like bitch grinned mirthfully.

At that the door opened again and dr barton entered. The light brown hair of the
small framed, honet blonde woman of 5'4", 34b, and proportunate features smiled
at the victim.

Dr bartons hair was attractivly coiffed, in an "up mode". She was dressed in a
short white lab coat, unbuttoned.

This reveled her to be dressed underneath in a light blue top-semi sheer,
revealing her full breasts with prominant, and fully erect and aroused nipples,
protruding thru the sexy top. She was clad in a short black skirt, that ended
well above her jknees and was without hose.

 well at last we meet i have heard a great deal about you lynn. Unfortunatly for
you none of it flattering. The dr continued, you are a filthy disgusting fucking
slut. A husband stealing bitch. I personally do not care for men. However this
conduct of your is intolerable. I have been retained, at great expense i may
add, by the injured party. Your lovers spouse to punish and correct your
behavior, and to inflict punishment for your deeds. Tammi your lovers wife of
course insisted on a very stringent punishment program. She wanted very brutal
action taken against you. In fast her first impulse was to have you smeared with
honey and staked out on an ant hill.

I however i advised of her various alternatives, available from my clinic , wich
she has accepted, to your misfortune. You may, before we are finished here beg
for the ants, the end there would be far quicker and merciful, i assure you
slut.

So let us get the examinatiom over with so we may begin with her. Another woman
then entrered, also in grey scrubs. This Is mindy the dr told her captive. You 
will serve and satrisfy her as she may direct-understand you slut. Mindy smirked
at the helpless captive.

Now for the exam.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++




Part ii

The dr walked around the table holding lynn to the foot. The smiling dr. Then
reached underneath the table and the middle part droped down. And away the dr.
Pulled a stool up and sat right at the opening of the humiliated womans
pussy.there were two outriggers-spreading and exposing the helpless cunt, of the
spread eagled woman. Dr benson rolled the chair directly up to the exposed
crotch and rough;y inserted a hand into the moist inflamed pusy of the victim
the dr ran her hand thru the thick pubic. Mmmmphrrhhff lynn tried to  cry  out.
This was silenced by a couple of very hard slaps to the breats of the
captive.lynn started to wimper-this was  silenced by debbie with a few more
slaps, that outburst debbie grinned just got you 30 strokess with thee pussy
whip-bitch the dr opened lynns labia and with a small flashlight humiliated her
further by loking and loudly uttering-looks like a fucking parking garage in
there you Have been a busy slut the dr reminded her.  Dr benson massaged the
exposed  clit and gently pushed back from it the protective hood. She massaged 
herself  to climax thru repeated stroking=ignnoring her helpless victim and her
beging moans.under thr expert stimulation of the dr. She in spite of herself
began to respond. She tried to push her hips  up and forward to attain contact
with dr.s roving hand and expert ministrations those wonderful and expert
fingers never stopped their strokes and cruel caresses. She felt the warmth grow
in her loins.

As lynn felt orgasm approach the expert hand was with drawn she moaned and
bucked in her bondage. The young r grined and turned to mindy note clitoral
erection 4-6 centimeters-excellent for clamps and needles into the clit. Not
that this makes it accessable for clamping and other devices. Yes doctor replied
mindy. Clamping-devices a chill ran through lynn and a scream started deep in
her throat, which was muffled by the gag.

The doctor now approached the head of the table. She ran her hands throught the
hollows of lynns armpits, sending an electric like shock through her. Mindy the
doctor said note the armpits clean and receptive to stimuli. Dr benson then
began to roughly knead lynns large breasts. No evidance of implants mindy. I
questioned her doctor, and her nipples are extremely senstive and responsive to
stimulation. Excellent the dr remarked.

Well debbie you know what no implants means don't you. Oh yes doctor the minx
responded enthusiastically. Well 8236 the dr smiled, you will be the test
subject of debbies new toy. She calls it her tit press. But that will be later,
during behavior modification and therapy. Tammi has something else in mind for
punishment. Debbie her hair. Debbie went to the head of the table behind Lynn
and gathered up and tightly pulled her shoulder length blonde hair out and away
from her head. She roughly gatherd it into a rough pony tail and secured An
electrical tie around it. She the hooked a cord to the electrical tie and
tightened it through a ring embedded in the head of the table. The the captives
hair was pulled back holding her head in place. Now lynn could'nt raise nor
lower her head, nor turn it from side to side. She was forced to stare straight
up at the ceiling.

Well i will give my staff instructions dr benton said. You 8236 have visitors.
Visitors?? What thought lynn.

She heard footsteps approaching. As they slowly drew closer her apprehension
rose. The way she was bound only allowed her to stare upwards. Who was here? Her
question was answered when she saw tammi's face hove into view. Fear shot thru
her she tried to scream. The wadded panties stifled her cries. Tammi leaned over
and flicked the ash from her cigarette into the helpless captives face.

You unspeakable slut said tammi. I am going to make you pay and pay until you
rue the day you even thought of fucking my husband.

I just want to let you know she continued. I sold your car, and the contents of
your apartment. I got rid of all the rest of your clothes and belongings. You
will have no further use for them. Fear and terror ran thru lynn. The more so as
she saw donna appear grinning evily Looking down at her.

Ohhh yes donna agreed. I cashed your pay check two states away. I do resemble
you you know. So "you" will be seen on the bank camera.

Just so you understand you whore tammi continued. You have disappeared, ceased
to exist. No one will be looking for you. Except perhaps my husband. But that
problem will be resolved very shortly.

You are dependant on me now. For everything. To include How much you suffer. You
will suffer i assure you, in a special way you can't even imagine, yet.

Donna pulled on her pubis, getting a slight groan from lynn in response. You
should'nt have turned me down you uppity bitch she said. If you had'nt it might
be tammi All tied down here. She and tammi exchanged looks and laughed.

I'll be getting a dailey video tape of you said tammi, and i assure you we will
both enjoy it and it will, i hope enhance our orgasms, if not you'll be to
blame. That means you'll have to be punished. So for your own sake try to be
entertaining dear.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++




Part 3

After tammi and debbie departed, doctor benson strode Over to the prisoner and
removed the panties from her mouth.

As you can see cunt 8236 this is quite serious. The dr. Handed debbie a plastic
bag. Tammi left those for 8236 as a gag. Use them as necessary. Lynn glanced at
the doctor. They are very well worn panties that tammi left for use on you.
Donna will also be leaving some.

Girls finish preparing her. Mindy and debbie each went to the foot of the table 
and each began tying a cord around each of the captives big toes. The same
procedure was carried out on the small toes. The corrds were then Run under the
table and tied tightly off an an eye hook.

The effect was to spread lynns toes far apart and prevent her from closing them.
Each assistant took a clear plastic bottle fron the assistants table . Debbie
took station on a high stoll at the head of the table and mindy inside the "v"
piece that had been folded down.

Begin with procedure number one the doctor  ordered. Debbie and mindy opened the
bottles. They. Contained baby oil. The began a slow, thorogh, sensous massage of
the victim. Mindy starting at lynn's feet slowly massaging. She moved upward
slowly. Rubbing and massaging every bit of lynns legs, inner thighs, behind her
knee, the tops and soles of her feet. Even between her toes.

Debbie worked her way down the captives arms to her shoulders, neck and all over
he torso, ignoring the captives breasts. Lynn like wise seemingly avoided The
pubic area.

Debbie massaged and rubbed in the oil in the womans armpits and slowly moved her
hands up and began to massage and rub the oil into lynns exposed breasts.
Gently, but persistantly paying constant attent to lynns nipples, rubbing in
slow narrow circles. The nipples grew in her hands. Mindy massaged the vulva and
upper Inner thighs, slowly, completely covering every area.

Lynn felt the beginning of arousal grow. The heat and moistness between her legs
grew warmer. It seemed her nipples grew ever more sensitive to touch and the
diabolical stimulation under debbies expert ministrations. Lynn could feel her
clit beginning to harden, the moistness grew more intense. In spite of herself
she bagan to respond.

The older woman noticed that when ever she reacted to a caress, it seemeed that
mindy and debbie returned to that some spot over and over, with soft, gentle,
arousing caresses.

She felt the moistness and heat grow in her loins. Arousal crept over her. Mindy
inserted a finger thru her parted engorged nether lips and found the hard nub of
her clit. Mindy slowly and steadily attacked it rubbing steadily in a circle.
Taking her to new heights. Debbie concentrated on ministering to her nipples.
Rubbing caressing them. Debbies lowered her head and began to suck. Her tounge
massaged the hardend points of passion.

A groan escaped lynn. She raised her pelvis in response to mindy. She felt the
first rush of orgasm.

Debbie pulled her head away, and mindy withdrew her finger and sat back.

C'mon please i'm close, so close. I know grinned debbie. That's why i stopped.
No please stammered lynn. Your'e so wet, it would have been a great orgasm said
mindy.

Please let me cum. Please please mercy please. Mercy said dr barton. There is no
such thing. Releif. No there is no releif. There is only torment. There is only
the reality of constant arousal and teasing, torment, and no releif. No orgasm.
At least not for you.

The bound woman screamed. Tears flowed please please i need to cum. No, no no
you dont replied the good dr. You only want to cum. You don't need to cum
.......yet she grinned.

She turned to her assistants continue. Procedure number 7.

Mindy and debbie grasped feathers. Mindy took the helpless womans feet as a
target. Running the feather slowly and methodically up and down her sole. Debbie
the armpits and upper torso. She concentrated on the victims armpits and
helpless breasts and aureola and nipples.

Mindy switched to a harder pointed feather. She worked it in, out over and thru
the victims helplessly spread toes. Stop stop stop ohhhh stop pleaaa....se stop.
Lynn screamed.

Debbie slowly worked one feather slowly over the bound woams body. All over the
torso, the stomach, breasts, armpits. She cruelly ran a shorter pointed  one
around the victimes face. Never missing her ears, end of her nose, and then
moved downwards. She utilized it on the older womans nipples. She stroked and
aroused them. Pleaaaaseeee. Stop ohhhhh god please mercy stop stop cried the
helpless victim.

Mindy switched to a harder, artists type feather and began to gently trace the
outer labia, up and down cease Lessly. Then a drop to the perenium. Lynn
screamed ahhhhh. And bucked her pelvis upward. Mindy switched to the top of the
vulva. Please please i cant take any more please let me cumm please i need to
cummmmmmmmm please of please stop.

No bitch no mercy no releif said dr barton. Don't you understand that this is
orgasm denial torture?.

Continue she nodded to her assistants. Debbie grinned and returned to lynns
nipples slowly and intently running the brush around the aureolas and erect
nipples always circling stroking, never stopping. Mindy leaned against the bound
womans thigh, put her hand on her chin, as if bored and continued the diabolical
stroking Across the top of the vulva, up and down the labia, inner thighs. She
took a wider softer feather and stroked the front of the now opened pussy.
Breifly and gently brushing the extended clit for just a breif second.

Lynn felt the electric touch she tried to raise her pelvis to maintain contact.
Mindy deftly moved the feather away, then breifly back again and again. Enough
to jolt and arouse the intensity of the helpless womans suffering but never for
long enough to grant releif.

Ohhhh ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh please please let me cummmm  please i'll do anything. Ohhh
mercy please please stop. I cant take any more. I need relief ohhh god please
lynn screamed.

Mercy? laughed dr barton. There is no mercy. Relief? Why there is no such thing.
You may stop girls said dr barton-for now. She bent over the panting, quivering
victim. She stroked her forhead gently, brushing back the matted hair from the
sweat soaked victim. The doctor looked into the tear stained face. She gently
kissed lynns lips.

Her face very close to lynn she spoke in a matter of fact voice. You have been a
bad girl. You are an adultress and are being punished. The tormenting does not
stop until tammi says so.

Tammi and donna have gone to the beach for the next ten days. When she gets back
she may or may not visit you. If she does you can discuss the matter of an
orgasm with her then. Lynns eyes widened in terror.

Tammi is quite understandably upset with you and wants to teach you a lesson you
will never forget. This will take some time. The doctor framed lynns face in her
hand and smiled at her lowering her face close to lynn.

Yes my dear we have so very much time. No need to rush.

Dr  benton stepped back and smiling ant the terrified woman said. Girls
conntinue.

Ahhhhhhh nooooo please noooooooooo screamed lynn.

Dr barton closed the door to the room shutting of the screams. Tammi was quite
sincere about this one she thought. Little did lynn know that arrangements had
been made for an extended stay. Perhaps the dr mused, tammi might be easily
talked into leaving her here permanently. Thr dr smiled. Have to talk to her
about that-next week........................




Part 4

Dr. Barton greeted tammi with a hug, and a kiss on her cheek. It is wonderful to
see you again Tammi. Oh and you to Vicki, smiled Tammi. How is my dear, beloved
husband doing smiled Tammi. Oh He just moans and wimpers, cries all the time
about an orgasm. Tammi grinned, well I guess i should drop in and visit him
later. How is dear lynne doing. Oh I am afraid she is not very happy here said
Vickie Barton. Debbie has introduced Her to her tit press. Oh how nice laughed
Tammi. She is not finding it very pleasent said the good Dr. Here Tammi said
Vicki, lets stroll thru the garden. As they walked thru the gateway in the
walled off garden, (one of the Drs. staff closing the gate behind them), Tammi
heard a wimpering female voice, pleading, almost, it seemed crying "no more ohhh
god no more please stop, let me go please", following this Tammi heard, sobbing,
true heartbreaking sobbing. They rounded the corner of a high hedge, that
enclosed a small, squared off mini garden. Tammi gasped as she saw, a woman,
whom she recognized as Denise Mcguire, the new Dean of female students at the
local, exclusive, county nursing colledge, of which Dr. Barton was a faculty
member. Denise was a redhead, very attractive in her mid thirties. She was in
the center of the hedge enclosed  area, buried to her neck in the in the
carefully manicured turf. She was totally exposed to the hot july sun. Clustered
around the perimiter of the closed off area, were local girls, nursing students
clustered around a keg of beer. All in their teens whom Tammi recognized as
students of the colledge. The girls were almost all bikink clad, some topless
and sun bathing. The new Dean Denise however attracted Tammis attention. She was
moaning and wimpering as she pleaded, and tammi noted there there seemed to be a
small swarm of nats and flies buzzing around the totally helpless womans exposed
head. Well bitch said Beverly Lossi, a neighbor's daughter, of about ninteen, no
sorority parties-at that beverly pulled aside her bikini bottom and urinated on
Denise's exposed head. Dr Barton looked at Tammi, the urine draws the flies and
nats, I really hope they can convince Denise to relent in her new policies,
before i let them have a bag of sugar, and explain about ants. The Dr.  smiled
at Tammi, and she grinned back. I hope they convince her Vickie said Tammi.

What I wanted to show you however Tammi, is how we have taken care of Maria.
Your hubbies, as you said rather tiresome secretary. At this they rounded
through another arch in the garden.

In the center of another hedge enclosed square was Maria she was kneeling on a
raised platform. Her knees were about three feet apart, and secured to the
platform with straps holding them securely in place, and keeping her legs, wide
apart. The dark haired womans feet were at the apex of a "vee" behind her, her
ankles crossed right over left, and hooked together with the clasps of her ankle
cuffs. Her arms  were pulled back over her shoulders and behind her head. A rope
ran from right wrist to left ankle, and left wrist to right ankle. This pulled
the womans arms back, thrusting out her sizeable bosom, and fully exposing her
thrust out breasts. Tammi immediatly noted and said to the Dr. my lord, look at
those nipples, so swollen, whet have you done to her Vickie?. At this Tammi saw
one of Dr benson's staff members, a young vietnamese girl attending to maria.
The vietnamese was bending over the victims exposed soles of her feet with a
small  container containing a white powder, which she gently applied to Maria's
soles, exposed armpits, nipples and her pussy lips. Itching powder said the Dr,
smiling as the women drew close to the victim who writhed in agony seeming to
try to reach forward to them and thrust out her, exposed, tormented breasts to
them, vying for any touch to bring releif.  Sorry smiled the Dr not allowed
maria, maria wimpered thru her gag, The gag was what appeared to be a simple
kitchen sponge. At this point the young viet. reached into a nearby bucket and
ladled a yellowish fluid onto the gag. It is horsepiss, from my stable and
semen, extracted from some of the institutes residents, grinned the Dr. The more
she grimaces and bites down, the more she ingests. Brilliant Dr. exclaimed a
beaming Tammi.

Shall we drop in on Lynn now said Dr benson. Of course Tammi beamed.

As they entered the door of Lynns exam room Tammi heard a piercing shriek
AIIIIGHHHHH, AIIIGGGGGHHHHH NO MORE PLEASE NO MORE. Tammi looked at the scene
before her. Lynne, the fucking adultress she thought-just what you deserve. Lynn
was  bound in a rather special chair. Her arms were bound behind her-wrist to
wrist. Then her arms had been placed over the back rest of a high backed chair.
Thus thrusting out her large breasts. The victims legs were in turn again spread
wide by a pair of outriggers, exposing fully her helpless vulva. At the base of
the victims breasts, elastic cords had been cruelly tied, forcing them to baloon
out. In front of lynn, at a level just below the botom of her breasts was placed
a table. Adhered to the table was a board, with an upside down screw, pointing
upwards. There were three such screws. One pointing up between Lynns breasts,
which were flat on the table, To either side of the captive breasts was another
inverted screw, forcing the breasts inward. The upper end of the screw was
inserted thru a corrisponding hole thru another board that was on top of the
captive breasts. The boards were held in place by a butterfly nut atop each
screw. Slowly tightening each screw, was the very beautiful, sadistic, and
terribly, flat chested and jealous debbie. AHHHHGGGGHHH NONONO AIIIIEHHHHEEE NO
MORE NO MORE PLEEEEAAAASSE. Screamed the helpless older woman, debbie leaned
over the table facing the helpless Lynn, smiling an elvish smile taunted her-you
cow titted bitch-if they werent such huge udders i could'nt torture you this way
could I. Debbie reached out and mercilessly squeezed Lynns left nipple,
repeating the process with the right-OOOHHHHHH NONONONONONAIIIIGGGGGHHHH. Debbie
then reached over and picked up a split bamboo cane and swung it viciously under
the table into the exposed cunt of her victim, NNNNOOOOOO NONONONONONMOROEMORE
PLEASE I CANT STAND ANY MORE PLEEEEAAAASSSSEEE. Debbie then struck hard at the
exposed ends of the captive breasts-especially the nipples.AGGGGGHHHHHHHH-and
Lynn passed out. Use the smelling salt debbie said the Dr. Do not tighten the
tit press any more. Awgh please Dr just a little-No Debbie snapped the Dr. We
need her for tommorrows finale. We have a paying client here who wants to be
entertained-understand, unless of course you want to replace her?. Debbie paled
oh no Dr. whatever you say. Good snapped Dr Benson. In the morning then Debbie.

In the morning Lynn awoke to find herself sprad eagled  on a table in the center
of the enclosed garden. Suddenly Tammi appeared by her side. Well marriage
wrecker-just you and me, and you are at My mercy snickered Tammi. Sun is just
comming up lynn. You are so pale, you need some sun i think, but that blonde
skin must be very sensitive to the sun, bet you burn easily don't you sweetie.
Here let me help you. Then Tammi took out a jar of clear oil and began to spread
it all over the helpless victim. Paying special attention to her, face and
breasts, now burised, sore and cut. Here honey smiled Tammi, lets be sure you
get a good tan. Tammi turned the table, actually a wheel mounted guerney aroud
so Lynn was facing the sun. We will be sure to keep you positioned, all day so
you are always facing directly into the sun, my dear smiled Tammi. So the day of
lynnes torture began, every hour or so  Tammi slowly and methodicaly rubbed
Lynne down completely with oil. To help her tan she always, smiled at her
victim. About noon lynne felt the burning-Ohh god she wimpered what are you
putting on me"""". Tammi smiled and showed her the bottle-CRISCO-COOKING
OIL-well blondie the bleached blonde former brunette smiled -"do blondes have
more fun"

During the day Tammi constantly taunted her victim-standing in front of
lynn-with an ice filled glass of water. By noon lynnes was begging for water.
Tammi bent close to her-thirsty baby?. Yes please water whispered lynne, Tammi
smiled cruelly, and put her straw, from her glass against the captives lips and
allowed just a trickle of the cool water Lynne so desperatly craved to wet the
victims lips. Then she pulled it away-oh no baby no water for you. But i have
this-she showed Lynne an IV tube filled with dark yellow  liquid-piss nice and
rancid from your lover-my hubbie you swallowed his cum-swallow his piss
bitch'''''. AHHHH Lynne wimpered-oh it gets worse bitch grinned Tammi. Please
water-water pleaded Lynne, Tammi sat in the shade and laughed and masturbated
herself thru the afternoon.

At sunset Tammi approached the helpless begging blonde-no water and no mercy
slut she grimaced. Tammi slowly broke each and every blister on herflesh from
the sun. She slowly and inexorably 'Cleansed each and every one with first lime
juice and then salt"

The now wimpering blonde lynne was taken at dusk to the other side of the
garden.

There were two upright posts, about six feet apart. Lynne was tied helplessly in
an upright spread-eagle position.

Tammi approached her with a paint-brush and a small container with a yellowich
fluid. Tammi first applied the brush to Lynnes anal area, then copiously applied
the fluid into her pussy. Shen then applied liberal amounts to the inside of the
helpless womans knees, thighs, then her armpits, a thick coating on her nipples.
She painted thickly, her ears, nostrils, and around Lynnes mouth.

Tammi stepped back and grined as lynne tasted the substance from her
lips-NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOO screamed lynn. Tammi just smiled-yes dear-HONEY.

Tammi slowly masturbated herself to repeated orgasm for the next day and a half
as Lynnes screams became first howls, then screams, wimpers, for a long time
just a mewling sound, and then a sudden high pitched, maniacal screech which
only lasted for 3-4 hours before a silence.

Well Tammi said to herself-0time to go see my beloved hubbie.


End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  redleg112


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





