BDSM Library - Afternoon First Aid Adventure




Afternoon First Aid Adventure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A true story that has been slightly fictionalized to make it more readable. This actually happened to author when he was 18 years old. It involves an rather strange kind of bondage, but none the less very interesting. I can only say that I have always hoped that something like this would happen to me again, but it has been wishful thinking on my part. Sorry no blood and guts, just a great little Afternoon Adventure.
This story is based on an experience that I had soon after joining the Armed
Forces in 1963.  I have taken the liberty of ficionalizing it slightly to make
it read better, but for the most part it happened exactly as written. 

Warning:

This story deals with mature subject matter and involves intimate gay sex.  If
it is illegal for you to read such material, due to your age or location,  then
please don't.  If you are offended by acts of homosexuality between consenting
and non-consenting adults, then Do Not Read this story.

Names have been changed to protect all those may have been involved in this
incident,  including my own.  Enjoy.

Story codes:  M+/m, oral, NC

This story (c) by Rob, Sep., 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to Rob:   cumulust@yahoo.com  or    robolder@excite.com   




Afternoon First Aid Adventure

by Rob

September 1963

Hi.  My name is Pete and I am 18, Bi and a recruit preparing to begin basic
training in the Army.  I signed on the dotted line and swore my oath three weeks
ago.  The basic training course doesn't start for another three weeks and the
Army has been keeping me busy with all kinds of wonderful little jobs while I
wait.   Peeling spuds, cleaning pots, pans and shitters.  Swabbing floors,
polishing floors, scrapping wax off floors.  And just for a change now and then
they have me clean windows.  I am becoming quite the domestic engineer. 

By far my favorite little odd job is being assigned to the First Aid Training
Section.  This is great stuff.  No hard work at all.  Plus the staff are all
great hunks of well muscled man flesh.   I am in seventh heaven just being in
the same room with them.

There really is only one job for an untrained recruit to do at the First Aid
Training Section and that is to be an ATI, military lingo for Aid To Instructor. 
And at this particular section, ATI may be further interpreted as, dummy.

The ATI or dummy is prepared by the staff to act as an accident or other type of
trauma victim.  Placed in an appropriate scene, car accident, industrial
accident, etc.  The students must, in some cases find you, determine the extent
of injury and apply first aid. 

On this particular day I was instructed to report to the First Aid Section at
0900 hrs.  That is 9 am in normal civilian time.  The military for some reason
can not tell normal time.  All time must be given in hundreds, oh nine hundred
hours, ten hundred hours, fourteen hundred hours, etc.  I have been having a
hell of a time trying to figure it out.  Missed a couple of meals when I first
got here 'cause I couldn't figure out the Mess Hall hours.  But I digress.

Promptly at 0900 hrs I presented myself before the Sergeant at the First Aid
Section.  A mouthwatering, dick stiffening hunk of  man flesh, at  6'0, about
220 lbs. with broad shoulders, massive chest and narrow waste.  His facial
features very similar to the GI Joe, of toy fame.   You could see the muscles
ripple under his uniform.  I was never fortunate enough to see the man naked,
but would have given my eyeteeth to do so.  He passed me on to one of the
instructors.  I hated to leave his presence,  whenever I was near him my dick
wanted to stand at attention and salute.

I was taken to the make up room and for the next two hours the make up artists,
two mean bastard Corporals,  went to work building me into the victim of a
terrible industrial accident.

This victim had sustained severe trauma to about 60% of the body.  One of the
disabilities was the loss of both eyes, so they covered my eyes with moistened
pads then taped them shut.  It would be about six hours before I would be able
to see again.  They then constructed false eye sockets and generally rebuilt my
face into a horrible mess. 

The victim was also supposed to have sustained a number of broken bones and
other trauma.  The scenario called for my broken arms and legs to be positioned
at weird angles.  To accomplish this, they first bent my arm or leg into the
position they wanted then used tape or something just as strong to secure that
position. 

They were very rough and when I complained or yelped they would yell at me,
"Shut up wimp or we will charge you with insubordination and turn you over to
the MP's.  They will throw you in the piss-can and then your troubles will be
just beginning".  Then they would laugh and make whatever it was they were doing
hurt even more.

By the time they were finished, I was totally blind and could barely move.  Any
attempt to move my arms or legs caused extreme pain.  I was not exactly what you
would call comfortable.

When they were finished, one of them said,  "There you go wimp, all done.  Now
this fucking make-up job took a lot of hard work to accomplish.  If you mess it
all up by wiggling around we are not going to be very happy.  And the last thing
in the world that you want, is two unhappy corporals after your ass.  Do you get
my drift?"

"Yes, Corporal," I stammered.  Shit not only was I uncomfortable and in pain,
now these two assholes had me scared that I might fuck up their makeup job.  
And just to make matters worse, I had to pee.

So in what I think was a weak childish voice I said, "uh.....Corporal.......uh I
have to pee!"

"You what", one of them shouted.

"I.....uh.....have.....uh......to........uh....pee". I responded.

"You stupid fucking shithead," the other one yelled.  "You can not just get up
and go to the shitter.  I think it's your own fault and you should just hold it
until this little exercise is finished. What do you think Frank?"

"I can't hold it, I gotta go real bad".  I was almost begging, I couldn't hold
it very much longer.

"Well ain't that just too fucking bad for you," growled the one named Frank. 
"If you can't fucking well hold it then let it go in your pants.  You are going
to be laying there for at least three hours, and if you don't mind lying in your
own piss then go ahead and let it go".  Then he gave a nasty laugh and said, 
"Come on Tim, let's go have a coffee".

"Please", I begged, "don't leave me like this, please".

They just continued laughing as they left the room and closed the door.   I
could hear their laughter continue as it faded down the hall.

I was in a real bind.  I was all trussed up, temporarily blind and my bladder
was full and demanding relief.  What was I going to do.  Shit I didn't want to
be laying in my own piss for the next three hours.  The pain and discomfort from
being trussed up was enough without that too.

Then to make matters worse my dick started to rise.  What the hell was going on. 
I couldn't believe it.  But it just kept getting harder and harder.  I had found
it a little bit erotic when the corporals were binding me up, but now that I had
to piss, and I guess because I couldn't relieve myself, my dick was going into
full blown boner.

Then I heard the door open.  My dick gave a jump.  Oh, shit someone was going to
see me laying there helpless with a full fledged boner.  Damn.

"mmmmmmmmm what do we have here",  came a rather pleasant male voice.  "Looks
like you have a we bit of a problem, young man".

I didn't know what to say I was so embarrassed, so I just allowed myself to
sound like a complete and utter fool, 
"ah.........mmmmmm....ah.....mmmmm.......ah......I.....ah........have..a.....to.
.....a....ah....pee".

"mmmmmm and the make up boys have got you all bound up unable to move, and they
just left you.  Laughing I'll bet.  Would that be a correct guess, lad?"  he
asked.

"Ah.....yes sir".  I stammered again.

"You realize of course that it is going to be very difficult for me to help you
empty your bladder when you cannot be moved and you have a raging hard on!"  he
stated in a matter of fact tone. 

"What am I going to do?"  I had to pee so bad I was almost crying.

"Now, now laddie don't panic I will help you get rid of the boner and to pee if
you want me to.    "Do you want me to?"  he asked in that same pleasant voice.

"Yes sir, please.  I really gotta pee bad".  this must have come out in a whine.

"Ok lad, glad to help".  he said and then I felt him sliding my zipper down.

Oh shit I thought to myself.  I had forgotten that in order to help me he would
have to manhandle my dick.   I am sure my face was turning all the shades of red
possible.  The heat of it was unbearable under all the makeup on my face.  To
make it worse I had no idea who this man was.

Then I felt his hands fumbling through the opening, searching for the cock slit
in my boxers, then his hand wrapped around the shaft of my throbbing meat.  The
touch of his hand sent amazing sensation through my dick, up through my abs on
to my pecs, then on to the pleasure centre in my brain.   His hand felt so good
fumbling around with my dick and balls. 

Thinking back on it, I wonder why I felt so ashamed?  I mean it was not as if I
was straight or anything like that.   I was turned on by any good looking warm
body that came by.   I had been sexually active with both male and female's
whenever opportunity presented itself.  But I definitely had a predilection for
males, every time I was in the presence of some gorgeous male hunk, my dick rose
instantly to attention.

Whom ever this guy was he liked cock.   He had now taken the head of my
throbbing, six and a half inch, uncut dick into his warm mouth.   I had always
been partial to a blow job.   I much preferred it to sticking my rod in a hole,
not that I didn't, mind you, it was just a preference.

This guy was an expert cocksucker.  He worked his, lips, tongue and fingers
around my cock and balls like he had been doing it for years.   He was driving
me mad.   My breathing had become raspy and I had broken out in a sweat.   I was
moaning and trying to thrash around, however the First Aide bindings caused
severe pain each time I moved.   The pain which originally was just plain agony,
now became a pleasure/pain kind of thing.   I was purposely causing myself pain
because it felt so good.

It didn't take long before my balls lifted in their nice, warm sac and began to
release my hot, sweet cream into the man's mouth and throat.   Squirt after
squirt erupted from my hot, throbbing cock.    I could hear the sound of the man
swallowing and the slurping  and sloshing of my shooting cock in his hot mouth. 
All the while I was screaming out my pleasure, I just couldn't hold it in.

Finally my orgasm abated and I just lay there panting, trying to get my
breathing back to normal.

"Thank you, Sir.   Thank you."  I croaked out.   "It felt so good.   The best
blow job I have ever had."

"Your most welcome, laddie." the man answered.  "And now if you give me just a
moment I will go get a can for you to pee in."

I heard him leave the room.   A few minutes later he was back.   He helped me
roll over onto my side, placed my now flaccid penis in the can and I finally got
to relieve my bladder.  

"Will ya be ok now, laddie?" he asked.

"Yes Sir." I answered.  "Will I get to see you when this is over.   I would like
to do this again and reciprocate, of course."

"Well, I don't know about that, laddie.   Just wait and we will see."

After saying that I heard the door open then softly close.   He was gone and I
was all alone again.   It must have been a good half hour or more before the two
Corporals returned.

They had, had me lay down on a special litter before applying the makeup.   This
litter was used to transport me to the site of the supposed accident.  I never
did see the site  because I was blind from the time we left until they removed
all the goop at the Base Hospital three hours later.

At the site I was removed from the special litter and into position.  I was then
carefully buried under all kinds of stuff, made to represent a fallen wall.   I
was told to keep still and that I would be alone until the student's found me.
It became very quiet,  I was alone, buried under a pile of rubble and unable to
move or see.   I sure was glad I wasn't claustrophobic,  as it was I was having
a hard time not panicking.

The time dragged on and I must have fallen asleep waiting for the rescue.  I
must have been having quite a dream, because suddenly I am a wake, with a raging
boner and someone is rubbing it through my trousers.  I was too petrified to
move or say anything.  Here I am blind as a bat, all made up with fake broken
bones stickin' out all over the place, supposed to be the victim of an accident,
and somebody is wanking me through my trousers.  I have to admit it felt bloody
great but I was also scared stiff.  (no pun intended.)

Well this guy, and it had to be a guy 'cause there are no women in this Army, 
just kept right on a wankin' me.  I don't know how I managed not to move around, 
probably because I had been ordered not to earlier.  I just kept my self ridged. 
He had his palm directly over my engorged, throbbing meat and was rubbing it
round and round.

I was wet and could feel it as my dick moved around under the manipulations of
his hand.  Although scared, the feelings were fantastic.  I wanted to beg him to
open my trousers and take it out, but I was too scared. 

He kept up his ministrations until finally I exploded inside my pants, spurt
after bloody spurt.  I didn't think it was ever going to stop and I don't think
I really cared either, it felt so good.  I must have let out a gasp or a yelp or
something 'cause the guy gave a little laugh and said,  "look guys the little
fucker is cuming, right in his fucking  pants."

Then I heard the laughing of four or five other guys.   Then a voice whispered
in my ear, "you just keep your fucking mouth shut about this or you will be
very, very sorry.  Remember we know who you are, but you don't know dick about
us." 

Then he gave a little chuckle and said, "ok guys, let's get this poor little
victim all fixed up and on his way to hospital." 

I have never told anyone else about this little incident until now.  Nor did I
ever find out who all was present.  It could have been anyone on the Base.  For
a couple of weeks after the incident, I would get fearfully embarrassed whenever
a stranger looked at me.  "Was that him?", would go racing through my mind and I
am sure my face would turn red.  But nobody ever gave any indication that they
had been there and eventually I just put it down to a great way to get off other
than the five little love buttons on my right hand. 

As too the blow job expert.   Well he finally contacted me about two weeks
later.   It turned out that he was the Warrant Officer responsible for the First
Aid training section.    We had many close encounters of the semen kind over the
course of the next few months, even though we were both Army and had never been
in the Navy.   But that is another story.

The End

This story (c) by Rob, Sep., 2001, all rights reserved.
Comments to Rob:      cumulust@yahoo.com      or     robolder@excite.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





